A WarGame match is where there are two rings beside each other and a steel cage surrounding them. Depending on which promotion is doing the match, there is sometimes a roof on the cage. Two teams are locked in the cage and fight. The match starts as a one-on-one match and after five minutes, a new member enters. Every two minutes, a new member of each team enters. The version of WarGames in Jim Crockett Productions and All Elite Wrestling (AEW) have a roof and no pinfalls. AEW's version of WarGames is called Blood and Guts. Dusty Rhodes is credited as the creator of the match.

An Inferno match is where the ring is completely surrounded by flames when both of the wrestler have entered the ring. The way to win the match is for a wrestler to set their opponent on fire. The match usually ends on the outside so that the paramedics can help the loser of the match. The first inferno match took place at in 1998 where The Undertaker defeated Kane.

A Buried alive match is where there is a grave dug out of dirt found outside the ring. The way to win the match is for a wrestler to throw their opponent into the grave and bury them in dirt.

A casket match, also known as a Coffin match, is where there is a casket near the ring. To win the match, the wrestler has to throw their opponent in the casket and close the lid.

A Last Ride match is where a wrestler has to throw the other wrestler into the back of a hearse and close it to win. It is similar to an Ambulance match.

A Stretcher match is where a wrestler has to put the other wrestlers body on a stretcher and push them to the top of the entrance ramp to win.

A Battle Royal is a multi-competitor match type in which wrestlers are eliminated until only one is left. Typical battle royals begin with 20 or more participants in the ring all at the same time, who are then eliminated by being thrown over the top rope and having both feet touch the venue floor (this is sometimes referred to as the "Shawn Michaels rule", due to the 1995 Royal Rumble, in which he was thrown over the top rope, hung on to the top rope and only had one foot land on the floor). A variation known as the "Reverse battle royal" existed in TNA.

A Stadium Stampede match is match held by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). In a Stadium Stampede match, teams of wrestlers fight around a sports stadium. A ring is set up in the middle of the stadium for wrestlers to use. There are no disqualifications and a wrestler has to pin or submit a wrestler of the other team to win the match.

The first Stadium Stampede match took place at TIAA Bank Field, home of the Jacksonville Jaguars (which is also owned by AEW owner Tony Khan).

In WWE, these matches are primarily featured during its Survivor Series pay-per-views, where they are billed as a "Survivor Series match". Teams of four or five, though on some occasions as many as seven, compete under elimination rules. All other standard rules apply, and team members may tag in and out in any order. While some teams are already established stables, others may need to recruit members for their team.

A Chairs match is where the only weapon that is allowed to be used is a steel chair. There are no disqualifications in the match. The wrestler can win by either pinfall or submission.

A Item on a Pole match is where a wrestler has to climb the turnbuckle and obtain the item in order to win. There are no pinfalls, no submissions, no disqualification, or no countouts.

In Impact Wrestling, they have a version called a Feast or Fired match. In the match, there are four briefcases hung on each turnbuckle and each contain a contract for a future championship match. One of them has a pink slip and the wrestler that gets it gets fired. What's in the case is revealed later. The wrestler that has the briefcase can either keep it or give it up to save themselves from a possible firing.

A Biker chain match is where a wrestler has to grab a biker chain that is hanging from a pole. The chain is the only weapon that is allowed in the match. The only biker chain match that has taken place was The Undertaker vs Brock Lesnar at No Mercy.

A Ladder match is where a prize is hung above the ring, usually a championship belt or a briefcase with a contract inside. To win you must climb a ladder and retrieve the prize. Weapons are legal in this match type.

A Casino Ladder match is held by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). A giant poker chip is hung above the ring. 2 wrestlers try to climb the ladder a get the chip. A new wrestler enters the match ever 2 minutes. The wrestler who gets the chip, gets a future shot at the AEW World Championship.

A King of the Mountain match is where five wrestlers fight and a hook is hung above the center of the ring. When a wrestler pins or submits another wrestler, they become "eligible" and are able to win the match. The wrestler that got either pinned or submitted has to sit in a penalty box at ringside for two minutes. To win the match, the wrestler has to hang an object (usually a championship) on the hook above the ring. The first Queen of the Mountain match took place at Slammiversary. 

A tables, ladders and chairs match (abbreviated to TLC) is a match where tables, ladders and steel chairs can be used as weapons. The first TLC match took place at SummerSlam in 2000 between Edge and Christian, The Dudley Boyz, and The Hardy Boyz. To win you must climb a ladder and retrieve the prize. Weapons are legal in this match type.

Impact Wrestling has a version called a Full Metal Mayhem match where there are more weapons like thumbtacks added.
An Ultimate X match is where there is a steel pillar on four sides of the ring and a steel X connecting each pillar across the ring. There are two cables also connected across the ring. Either a red X or the X Division Championship hangs in the middle of the cables. The wrestler has to crawl across the cable, reach and take down the hanging object to win. This match is held in Impact Wrestling. 

A Pillow Fight is a match where a wrestler has to pin or submit the other wrestler to win. Surrounding the ring a multiple pillows for the wrestlers to hit each other with and a bed is placed in the middle of the ring. There is a version called the Lingerie Pillow Fight where the wrestlers have to wear lingerie and the Pajama Pillow Fight where the wrestlers where pajamas.

A strap match is where the competitors are placed on the opposite ends of a restraint to keep them in close physical proximity. By definition the strap and anything tied to it are considered legal and in play weapons. The most common rule for victory is for one wrestler to have to go around the ring, touching all four corners in order without stopping but if a wrestler stops touching the corners then it will reset and have to start over again. There are no pinfalls, no submissions, no disqualifications, or countouts in this match.

A Dog collar match is a match where the competing wrestlers are bound together by the neck with dog collars and a chain. 

A Tables match is where a wrestler must put their opponent through a table with an offensive move in order to win. The match can also be used in tag teams, under an elimination match and during a one "fall" rules match. There is also a hardcore version where the wrestler must put the opponent through a table that has been set on fire.

A Winner Takes All match is where the champion challenges another champion for his/her championship in a "champion vs. champion" stipulation.

Igor Shpilband

Igor Shpilband (, born July 1964) is a former Soviet ice dancer and current ice dancing coach of Scott Moir and Tessa Virtue, who won the gold medal for ice dancing at the 2010 Winter Olympics.

Shpilband was born in Moscow, Soviet Union. He defected to the United States in January 1990 with Veronica Pershina, Gorsha Sur, and Elena Krikanova and went to live with Lucile Begrow in Huntington Woods, Michigan for a few months. Shpilband became a United States citizen in 2000.

He was married to Veronica Pershina. Their daughter Ekaterina Shpilband is also an ice skater.

He won the 1983 World Junior Figure Skating Championships with his partner Tatiana Gladkova. They were coached by Ludmila Pakhomova. Shpilband retired from competitive skating after Ludmila died in 1986.

He worked as a coach at the Detroit Skating Club when he came to the US. He later began coaching in Canton, Michigan.

David Lange

David Lange (4 August 1942—13 August 2005) was the Prime Minister of New Zealand from 1984 to 1989.

Lange was born in Otahuhu, Auckland. In 1954, he went to a political meeting which made him want to go into politics. After his father was charged with indecent assault, he decided that he would become a solicitor. After finishing school at Otahuhu College, he went to Auckland University to study law in 1960, and graduated in 1966.

In 1967, he was working as a barrister and solicitor in New Zealand. He took over a legal practice in Kaikohe in 1968. He married Naomi Crampton in 1968. He completed his Master of Laws with Honours in 1970.

Lange became active in politics when he joined the Labour Party in 1963, while he was still at university. He first tried to get elected to the Auckland City Council in 1974, but did not get enough votes. In 1975, he tried to get a seat in Parliament, but again was unsuccessful. A third attempt in 1977 was successful and he won the seat of Mangere. He held this seat until he left politics in 1996. His first speech in the parliament was very successful and he was seen as a possible leader of the Labor Party. In 1979 he was made the Deputy Leader, and in 1982 Lange was made the leader. When the Labor Party won the elections in 1984, David Lange became Prime Minister of New Zealand.

While he was prime minister, Lange passed a policy in 1985 to not let nuclear-armed ships into New Zealand waters.

He resigned in 1989. He and his wife Naomi separated in the same year after 21 years of marriage. Lange married Margret Pope in 1992.


Asian emerald cuckoo

The Asian emerald cuckoo is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.

It lives in Southeast Asia, in Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, China, India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Vietnam. The Asian emerald cuckoo is a protected animal in Malaysia. 
Its scientific name is "Chrysococcyx maculatus".

This bird is not in the Cuculinae subfamily, and so it is not a nest parasite. They raise their own young, like most birds. Emerald cuckoos lay eggs in a nest built by the parents.


Molecular clock

The molecular clock is the figurative term for a technique which estimates when two taxa diverged in evolution. It is based on comparing the detailed structure of key molecules. The method may be done for species, or any high data used for such calculations is often nucleotide sequences in genome analysis, or amino acid sequences for proteins such as haemoglobin. It is sometimes called a "gene clock" or "evolutionary clock".

The key assumption behind the technique is that, in the long run, changes in molecular structure happen at a steady rate.
Researchers such as Ayala have challenged this assumption. According to Ayala, these factors combine to limit the application of molecular clock models:


Nevertheless, the method is now used widely in taxonomy and phylogeny.

Strawberry

A strawberry is a short plant in the wild strawberry genus of the rose family. It is a widely grown hybrid species of the genus "Fragaria". The name is used for its very common sweet edible "fruit" and for flavors that taste like it. 

The real fruit of the plant are the tiny "seeds" around the "fruit". The fruit is actually a sweet swelling of the plant's stem around the real fruit, which people call the pips.

The plant grown today is a mix of two other species of wild strawberries. It was first grown in the 1750s.

The Latin name of the strawberry used in science is '× '. ' is the name of the genus of "strawberry-like" plants. The × mark means that it is a hybrid, a mix of two other species. The Latin name ' says the hybrid is "pineapple-like". The strawberry is sometimes called the "gardenstrawberry" so that people don't mix it up with the other wild strawberries of the genus "".

The name is a bit misleading and is special to English. The other Germanic languages do not have a name like it. No one is really sure where the name came from. The plant is not a kind of straw, and its fruit is not really a berry.

People have eaten different kinds of wild strawberries for thousands of years. Today's bigger strawberry was first made around Brest in Brittany (northwest France) in the 1750s. It was made by joining the Virginia strawberry from eastern North America to the European Hautbois and the Chilean strawberry from western South America.

Most strawberries are grown on farms. Strawberry farmers often have bees in hives. The bees pollinate the strawberries.

Strawberry stems are called runners. They grow above ground. They are a type of stolon.

The real fruit of the strawberries are the achenes, which people usually think of as the little seeds around the outside of the larger red "fruit". This kind of fruit, where different ovaries grow into a single larger "fruit", is called an "aggregate fruit". 

Strawberries are rich in vitamin C and manganese.


Key lime pie

Key lime pie is an American dessert made of key lime juice, egg yolks, and sweetened condensed milk in a pie crust. One version uses the egg whites and has a meringue topping. The dish is named after key limes ("Citrus aurantifolia" 'Swingle'), but it is sometimes made with other types of lime. 

The filling in key lime pie is yellow, mostly because of the egg yolks. When it is being mixed, the condensed milk and the acidic lime juice react and make the filling become thick. Many early recipes for key lime pie did not tell the cook to bake the pie because they used this reaction to make the filling thick. Today, because of food safety, the pies are often baked for a short time. The baking thickens the filling even more.

This delectable dessert derives it's decidedly delicious domicile down in the depths of Key West, Florida.

Molecular evolution

Molecular evolution is the process of evolution in DNA, RNA, and proteins. 

Molecular evolution emerged as a scientific field in the 1960s as researchers from molecular biology, evolutionary biology and population genetics sought to understand the structure and function of nucleic acids and protein. Some of the key topics have been the evolution of enzyme function, the use of nucleic acid changes as a molecular clock to study species divergence, and the origin of non-functional or junk DNA. 

Recent advances in genomics, including whole-genome sequencing, and bioinformatics have led to a dramatic increase in studies on the topic. In the 2000s, the role of gene duplication, the extent of adaptive molecular evolution versus neutral genetic drift, and the identification of molecular changes responsible for various human characteristics especially those pertaining to infection, disease, and cognition.

Molecular systematics is the process of using data on the DNA, RNA, or proteins to resolve questions in phylogeny and taxonomy. The idea is to place groups in their correct position on the evolutionary tree. This corrects their biological classification from the point of view of evolution. The technique has already led to major changes in the taxonomy of living things, including the names for higher categories, which had been stable for well over a century.

Molecular systematics has been made possible by techniques for sequence analysis. This gives the exact sequence of nucleotides or bases in either DNA or RNA. At present it is still expensive to sequence the entire genome of an organism, but it has been done for over 100 species.

Sequence analysis

Sequence analysis in molecular biology involves identifying the sequence of nucleotides in a nucleic acid, or amino acids in a peptide or protein. Once a sample has been obtained, DNA sequences may be produced automatically by machine and the result displayed on computer. Interpreting those results is still a task for humans.

Information from sequence analysis is used in many fields of biology. It gives information on the relationship between individual organisms, or between groups of organisms. It shows how closely related they are.

A DNA sequence is the sequence of nucleotides in a DNA molecule. It is written as a succession of letters representing the primary structure of a DNA molecule or strand. If functional, such a sequence carries information for the sequence of amino acids in a protein molecule. The possible letters are A, C, G, and T, representing the four nucleotide bases of a DNA strand — adenine, cytosine, guanine, thymine. The sequences are printed next to one another, without gaps, as in the sequence AAAGTCTGAC.

The study of RNA and proteins is more complex. The overall structure of DNA is simple and predictable (double helix). The study of RNA and proteins must include a study of their 3-dimensional structure, which is varied, and influences how they work. To some extent this can be assisted by computer, but has to be verified in each case.

Information on sequences is kept in databases. Since the development of fast production of gene and protein sequences during the 1990s, the rate of addition of new sequences to the databases increases all the time.

Complete genome analysis has been done on over 800 species and strains. The work is done by a machine, the DNA sequencer, which analyses light signals from fluorochromes attached to the nucleotides. This type of work is gradually becoming less expensive. 

As of December 2012, whole genome analysis has been completed on about 800 to 900 living species and strains of species. Numbers are approximate, and changing.

The human genome is stored on 23 chromosome pairs in the cell nucleus and in the small mitochondrial DNA. A great deal is now known about the sequences of DNA which are on our chromosomes. What the DNA actually does is now partly known. Applying this knowledge in practice has only just begun.

The Human Genome Project (HGP) produced a reference sequence which is used worldwide in biology and medicine. "Nature" published the publicly funded project's report, and "Science" published Celera's paper. These papers described how the draft sequence was produced, and gave an analysis of the sequence. Improved drafts were announced in 2003 and 2005, filling in to ≈92% of the sequence.

The latest project ENCODE studies the way the genes are controlled.

It is not necessary to have whole genome sequences for forensic work, such as identifying a criminal from traces of DNA left at a crime scene, or for paternity cases. At present whole genome sequencing is still very expensive, but fortunately, simpler and cheaper methods are available.

The basic idea is to look at certain loci (places) in the genome which are highly variable between people. About 10 to 15 of these loci are needed for a match, and the legal details differ between countries. A match between a sample and a suspect individual makes it extremely likely that the individual was the source of the sample. This evidence would then be the basis of the prosecution case for a crime. A similar analysis would show that a man was very likely the father of a child. This is really a modern way to do what was done with blood groups before DNA details could be analysed. The methods have been developed mainly by the work of Alec Jeffreys.

Each person’s DNA contains two alleles of a particular gene or 'marker': one from the father and one from the mother. 'Markers' are genes chosen for having a number of different alleles occurring frequently in the population. The following table is from a commercial DNA paternity testing experiment. It shows how relatedness between parents and child is demonstrated with five markers:

The results show that the child and the alleged father’s DNA match for these five markers. The complete test results showed this correlation on 16 markers between the child and the tested man. If a case is tested in court, a forensic scientist would give evidence on the likelihood of getting that result by chance.

There are state laws on DNA profiling in all 50 states of the United States. Detailed information on database laws in each state can be found at the National Conference of State Legislatures website.

Ancient DNA has been recovered from some sources. The record for survival of DNA suitable for sequence analysis is 700,000 years. A horse skeleton buried in permafrost has provided bones with some DNA surviving. The sequence was only 70% complete, but it was enough for researchers to say "It would not look like a horse as we know it… but we would expect it to be a one-toed horse". For comparison, researchers had access to DNA sequences of modern horses, donkeys and Przewalski's horse.



Riverina

The Riverina () is a large farming area in the south west of New South Wales, Australia. It has flat plains, warm to hot climate and a large supply of water for irrigation. This has allowed the Riverina to become one of the most productive and agriculturally varied areas of Australia. With the state of Victoria to the south, and the mountains of the Great Dividing Range to the east, the Riverina covers those areas of New South Wales in the Murray and Murrumbidgee river systems.

The Riverina has been home to Aboriginal groups for over 40,000 years. It was first settled by Europens in the mid-19th century as a pastoral region growing beef and wool for markets in Australia and overseas. In the 20th century, the building of major irrigation areas in the Murray and Murrumbidgee valleys has led to the introduction of crops such as rice and grapes. The Riverina has strong links to Victoria, and the region was the source of much of the push behind the federation of Australian colonies.

The major cities and towns in the Riverina include Wagga Wagga, Albury and Griffith. Albury and Wagga Wagga are home to campuses of Charles Sturt University. Wagga Wagga is home to two major Australian Defence Force bases.

The area of the Riverina region is not fixed, but it usually includes the farming and pastoral areas of New South Wales, west of the Great Dividing Range and in the drainage basin of the snow-fed Murray and Murrumbidgee Rivers. The north edge of the Riverina is the Lachlan River catchment area known as the Central West. Along the Murray to the south, the Riverina border is the state of Victoria. West of where the Murray and Murrumbidgee meet, is the beginning of the drier Far West region.

In general, the Riverina is an alluvial plain formed by soil carried from the Great Dividing Range by streams between 30,000 and 15,000 years ago. The landscape includes rolling hills to the east but then becomes flatter to the west with most of that plain reaching less than above sea level. The western Riverina is mainly flat saltbush plain.

The geology of the Riverina has several troughs and sedimentary basins. The western Riverina is thought to be the end of the Ballarat and Bendigo geological zone. The eastern part is over the top of the western part of the Lachlan Fold Belt. It is possible that the Riverina has mineral deposits including coal, petroleum, coal seam methane, gypsum, gold, Cobar style polymetallic systems, heavy mineral sands and possibly diamonds in these fold belt rocks and basins. Riverina soils are generally sandy along the rivers, with more saline grey and brown clays found on rarely flooded areas on the edge of the floodplain. As the Murrumbidgee flows downstream, the water and soil become more saline.

The Riverina is drained by the large Murray-Darling Basin. Rivers and streams in the Riverina generally flow east to west. As well as the Murray, Murrumbidgee and Lachlan, other streams include Billabong Creek and the Edward River, an anabranch of the Murray. Much of the water carried by these streams is taken out for other uses. In 2001–2002, 52% of the Murray and Murrumbidgee water was taken, with 77% of that water used for irrigation.

Phylogeny

A phylogeny is a proposal of how organisms are related by their evolutionary history. It is based on the evidence that all living things are related by common descent. The evidence for phylogeny comes from palaeontology, comparative anatomy, and DNA sequence analysis.

The main product of phylogenetics is a phylogenetic tree or tree of life. This is a diagram showing a pattern of ancestor/descendent relationships. Information may be related to geological periods or estimated dates. A biological classification is another type of product. 

Asana

Asana is a body position in Yoga. It can mean where a person sits, and the way that they sit. It helps to balance the mind and body. It is meant to be firm, yet comfortable.

All the many different body positions in Yoga are "Asana"s: they all have their own names and every name ends with "asana", such as sav"asana" (correct lying). Many have names of animals, such as bujang"asana" (cobra). Others have names that describe the position, such as shirsh"asana" (head).

Fedora

A fedora is a hat. The name of the hat comes from a play called Fédora by Victorien Sardou, named after the main character. Popular in the early 20th century, it has become a stereotype for gangsters or private investigators (PIs).

They mainly come in black, sometimes with a band of coloured fabric around the rim.

Some people, such as Jack Abramoff and Richard W. Lariviere, become known for wearing fedoras.

Black francolin

The black francolin ("Francolinus francolinus") is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes, gallinaceous birds.

Giant Gippsland earthworm

The giant Gippsland earthworm ("Megascolides australis") is one of Australia's 1,000 native earthworm species. These Giant earthworms average at 100 cm long and 2 cm in diameter and can reach 3 m in length. It is difficult to measure length, as the worms will stretch, so scientists use weight to estimate the size. The average weight of a fresh adult worm is about 200 grams. They have a dark purple head and a blue-gray body.

The worms are found in the Bass River Valley of South Gippsland, near Korumburra and Warragul. They are only found in a small area, of about 100,000 hectares. They live in small pockets of blue-grey clay close to water. They live in burrows about 500mm deep, and can burrow as deep as 1.5m.

The habitat the worms used to live in was tall eucalypt forests. Most of this has been cleared for farming, but the worms have continued to survive because they live deep underground. They have been listed a vulnerable species because of these changes. The worms only lay a single egg, between 4-7cm in size. These can take up to one year to hatch, and the worms take several years to become adults, and be able to reproduce. This slow rate of growth, also makes them a vulnerable species.

Himalayan monal

The Himalayan monal ("Lophophorus impejanus"), also known as the Impeyan monal or pheasant, is a bird in the pheasant family, Phasianidae. Its discoverer, Latham, wrote in his "General History of Birds" (1821): "[the monal] inhabits India, but is not common, being brought from the hills in the northern parts of Hindustan to Calcutta, as a rarity. Lady Impey attempted, with great prospect of success, to bring some of them to England, but after living on board for two months they caught a disorder from the other poultry, and died".

It is the national bird of Nepal, where it is known as the danphe (or Danfe), and is mentioned frequently in Nepali songs. It is also the state bird of Uttarakhand, India. In Kashmir, it is the state/regional bird of the disputed territory.

The Himalayan monal is a relatively large-sized pheasant. The males of this species look quite different from the females of the species. The male Himalayan monals have bright and colorful feathers of blue, green, purple, and red. They have a white patch of feathers underneath the base of their tail, but the rest of their underside is black. The males also have a crest (several feathers) on top of their heads. Both the male and female of the species have blue circles of skin around their eyes. The females and the young birds (chicks) have an overall brown appearance. Their feathers also have white and black strips on certain parts. The females have a white throat.

The male chicks look like the females chicks until a little after a year when they begin to become more colorful. Before then you could tell the young male and females apart because of their larger size and black feathers, instead of white feathers, on the throat.


Himalayan snowcock

The Himalayan snowcock ("Tetraogallus himalayensis") is a snowcock in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes, gallinaceous birds.

Kashmir nuthatch

The Kashmir nuthatch ("Sitta cashmirensis") is a species of bird in the Sittidae family.

Snow partridge

The snow partridge ("Lerwa lerwa") is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes, gallinaceous birds.

Richard Baer

Richard Baer (September 9, 1911 - June 17, 1963) was the third German commander of the concentration camp Auschwitz.

Black-throated loon

The black-throated loon ("Gavia arctica"), also known as the Arctic loon and the black-throated diver, is a medium-sized member of the loon or diver family, the Gaviidae.

It is a migratory aquatic bird found in the northern hemisphere. It usually breeds in freshwater lakes in northern Europe and Asia. It winters along sheltered, ice-free coasts of the north-east Atlantic Ocean and the eastern and western Pacific Ocean. 

Little grebe

The little grebe ("Tachybaptus ruficollis"), also known as dabchick, is 23 to 29 cm in length.

Tampa Bay

Tampa Bay is a bay in St. Petersburg, Florida, USA that spreads trough Hillsborough Bay, Old Tampa Bay, Middle Tampa Bay, and Lower Tampa Bay.

Tibetan partridge

The Tibetan partridge ("Perdix hodgsoniae") is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes, gallinaceous birds.

Tibetan sandgrouse

The Tibetan sandgrouse ("Syrrhaptes tibetanus") is a large bird in the sandgrouse family. This species breeds on the dry stony plateaus in Tibet and neighbouring parts of central Asia.

Tibetan snowcock

The Tibetan snowcock ("Tetraogallus tibetanus") is a cock in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes, gallinaceous birds.

Upland buzzard

The upland buzzard ("Buteo hemilasius") is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family.

Western tragopan

The western tragopan or western horned tragopan ("Tragopan melanocephalus") is a medium-sized brightly plumaged pheasant found along the Himalayas.

Red-necked grebe

The red-necked grebe ("Podiceps grisegena") is a bird migration aquatic bird that is found in the temperate regions of the northern hemisphere.

Horned grebe

The horned grebe or Slavonian grebe ("Podiceps auritus") - "Podiceps": Latin for "podicis" (rump) and "pedis" (foot), referring to the placement of the legs on its body; "auritus": Latin for "eared" - is a member of the grebe family of water birds. It inhabits Eurasia and North America.

<br>

Black-necked grebe

The black-necked grebe ("Podiceps nigricollis"), known in North America as the eared grebe, is a member of the grebe family (biology) of water birds. It occurs on every continent except Australia and Antarctica.

Jouanin's petrel

Jouanin's petrel ("Bulweria fallax") is a seabird in the Procellariidae family. It is present in the northwest Indian Ocean and south Arabian Sea.

It is native to Oman, Somalia and Yemen. Its natural habitats are open seas and shallow seas. It has been recorded breeding on Socotra.

Flesh-footed shearwater

The Flesh-footed Shearwater, "Puffinus carneipes", is a small shearwater. Its plumage is black. It has pale pinkish feet, and a pale bill with a black tip.

Wedge-tailed shearwater

The wedge-tailed shearwater ("Puffinus pacificus") is a medium-large shearwater in the seabird family Procellariidae.

Bobby Jindal

Piyush "Bobby" Jindal (born June 10, 1971) is an American politician. He was Governor of Louisiana between 2008 and 2016. Before becoming Governor, he was a Republican Representative in the United States Congress. After his gubernatorial tenure, he was a Republican candidate for President of the United States in the 2016 Presidential elections.

Jindal became governor at the age of 36, making him one of the youngest citizens ever elected to the Governor's office.

Jindal was born in Baton Rouge to Indian parents, Amar and Raj Jindal, who had immigrated to Louisiana in 1971. He grew up in Baton Rouge and went to school there. Jindal received secondary education at Brown University and Oxford University with concentrations in government and medicine. After graduating from college, Jindal helped several businesses in Louisiana.

Jindal took the oath of office on January 14, 2008 at age 36, becoming the youngest sitting governor in the US and the first Indian-American governor in United States history. Later in his tenure, he was the second youngest governor after fellow Republican Governor Nikki Haley of South Carolina. Jindal and Haley are the only Indian-Americans to hold the office of governor in any state in the United States.

Jindal is a conservative Republican who believes in lowering taxes for all classes. As governor, Jindal fought against dishonest politicians. Jindal favors relaxed gun laws and has spoken at the National Rifle Association of America.

Jindal, traditionally an opponent of excess federal expenditures and activity in states, asked for federal money and manpower after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. He was heavily criticized by the White House and others for insisting that the States be responsible for their own affairs. After Hurricane Katrina, he was critical that the Federal government would not do more, faster.

He also came under criticism for never asking for more safety inspectors (the Gulf inspectors are a small fraction of the staffing of other regions relative to the number of offshore oil wells.) Jindal also never spoke against the safety record of BP prior to the spill. Defenders of his record argue that he and other Louisiana politicians, made a reasonable tradeoff decision, and Federal resources should be used to assist Louisiana since the oil that is produced benefits the entire country.

On January 11, 2016, Jindal left office due to term limits. He was succeeded by John Bel Edwards.

Jindal is a Catholic and was baptized during college. He is married to Supriya Jindal, with whom he has three children.

On May 18, 2015, Jindal formed a presidential exploratory committee to determine whether he would run as a candidate in the 2016 Presidential election. Jindal announced his candidacy on June 24th, 2015. He was the first Indian - American to run for president. After poor debate performances and polling numbers, Jindal officially suspended his presidential campaign on November 17th, 2015, saying "this [was] not [his] time". He subsequently endorsed Marco Rubio.


Hagfish

Hagfish are craniates in the superclass Cyclostomata, class Myxini. Hagfish do not have a skeleton, except they do have a skull, which is made of cartilage.

Because of this, many researchers think Myxini should not be in the subphylum Vertebrata. However, because of its fins and gills, they are called fish. They are marine, meaning they live in the sea.

The original 19th century classification groups hagfish and lampreys together as cyclostomes (or historically, Agnatha), as the oldest surviving class of vertebrates alongside gnathostomes . An alternative scheme proposed that jawed vertebrates are more closely related to lampreys than to hagfish, so vertebrates include lampreys but exclude hagfish.

Recent DNA evidence supports the original scheme.

Hagfish are usually about half a meter (18 in) long. They have long, eel-like bodies. Hagfish's eyes are small and not very useful, because the hagfish uses mostly its senses of smell and touch to find food. The whiskers near the hagfish's mouth are called barbels, and are used for touching. They have four hearts, two brains, and no backbone. A fish which looks like the hagfish is the lamprey.

Hagfish eat invertebrates (animals such as worms) and are also scavengers, eating fish which are dead or dying. Hagfish have four sets of teeth on their tongue to bite pieces of flesh from its prey. They use these tongue teeth to eat. The teeth pinch together to lock onto its food, helping it tear into dead and dying fish which have sunk to the bottom of the sea, where it lives. Often, a hagfish digs into the dead fish that it is eating, removing the insides of the dead fish.

Usually, people only see hagfish when nets that sweep the sea floor are pulled up. Every fish, even the dead ones at the bottom of the sea, are brought up into the boat by the net. In some of those dead fish, hagfish are found eating. The smelly fish are dumped onto the deck of ships with the hagfish poking out from their bodies.

When hagfish are afraid, they make slime. This slime comes out of the sides of the hagfish's body. They are able to make enough slime to completely fill a two-gallon bucket. The reason such a small fish can make so much slime is because the slime comes out in strings that quickly swell up much bigger when they are in the water.Their unusual way of eating and their slime has made many people call the hagfish the most "disgusting" of all sea creatures. Although hagfish are sometimes called "slime eels," they are not eels at all.

Hagfish are usually not eaten by humans in most countries. However, meat from the inshore hagfish (a type of hagfish known as "kkomjangeo" (꼼장어) or "meokjango" (먹장어) in Korean and "Nuta-unagi" in Japanese) is a popular food in Korea.
Hagfish skin is used to make leather for wallets and belts. When this leather is sold, it is called "eel skin".

Scientists are studying hagfish slime to see if they can use it to make things. The strings of protein in hagfish slime are thin and strong, so they are a useful material. Because it is not made from oil, hagfish slime would be more environmentally friendly than the plastics that we use now.

Population (statistics)

In statistics, a population is a set of things from which samples may be drawn. This allows statistical inferences to be drawn, or estimates made of the total population. For example, if we were interested in crows, then we would sample the set of crows which is of interest. The population of crows is limited to crows that exist now or in the future. Probably, geography will be a limitation in practice. To fairly represent the whole population a sample needs to be random. 

Population is also used to refer to a set of measurements or values, not only cases actually observed. Suppose, for example, we are interested in the set of all adult crows now alive in the county of Cambridgeshire, and we want to know the mean weight of these birds. For each bird in the population of crows there is a weight, and the set of these weights is called the population of weights.

Biota

A biota is a term used for all the living things at a certain time at a certain place. Examples of biota include Cambrian biota and Madagascan biota. Because it includes all the living members of a given environment, the term is used especially in ecology. A similar term is biome, which is used to refer to geographical regions and environments. Tundra, for example, is a biome.

Flora, fauna and other forms of life such as fungi are collectively called biota.


Short-tailed shearwater

The short-tailed shearwater ("Ardenna tenuirostris", formerly "Puffinus tenuirostris") is a migratory seabird of the Procellariidae family. It breeds in Tasmania and south-eastern Australia. It can also be called yolla or moonbird, and is commonly known as the muttonbird in Australia.

<br>

BOINC

BOINC, or The Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing, is a software that allows any group or individual who wishes to run calculations in a distributed setting to setup a BOINC project website and server. Volunteers attach to one or more chosen projects and allow their computer's idle time to process the work. SETI, or Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence, is the most popular of the BOINC projects. SETI searches for radio signals from outer space that might be a sign of alien life and worlds. There are many BOINC projects that compete for volunteers. For example, it allows individuals to use their computer to find the structures of proteins, a cure for the disease malaria or the very structure of our galaxy, the Milky Way.



Human Rights Campaign

The Human Rights Campaign is an organization that supports the rights of gay, bi-sexual or transgender men and women in the United States. They are the largest such group in the United States, with over 750,000 members and people who support them. The HRC works to ensure that the rights of these individuals are protected and respected throughout the United States. One issue that the HRC works on is to make sure that individuals have the right to marry people of the same sex if they want.



Rachel Maddow

Rachel Anne Maddow (born April 1, 1973) is an American progressive female talk show host on the television network MSNBC, where she is the host of "The Rachel Maddow Show". She is the first openly gay host of a primetime network news series.


Secular Coalition for America

The Secular Coalition for America is an organization that supports the principle that the government should not interfere with religion nor should it promote or endorse a religious view. It is made up of humanists, atheists, agnostics, freethinkers and theists along other organizations who support these basic ideals. Member organizations include Atheist Alliance International, the Institute for Humanist Studies, the Secular Student Alliance, the Secular Web, American Humanist Association, Society for Humanistic Judaism, the Freedom From Religion Foundation, the Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers, the American Ethical Union, Camp Quest and American Atheists. The Secular Coalition for America urges Congress to support the principles of making sure the government is not promoting religion and is being neutral towards religion.


Ornette Coleman

Randolph Denard Ornette Coleman (March 9, 1930 – June 11, 2015) was an American jazz musician. He plays the saxophone, violin and trumpet. He is also a composer. He was one of the people that helped make a new jazz style called free jazz, in the 1960s. Coleman's music is also like blues music. His album "Sound Grammar" won the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for music.

Coleman was born in Fort Worth, Texas. He began playing R&B and bebop music, at first on the tenor saxophone. He wanted to leave his home town so he got a job in 1949 with a traveling show. Then he played with touring R&B shows. In Baton Rouge, he was attacked and his saxophone was destroyed. After that he changed to the alto saxophone, and that is still the instrument he usually plays. He joined a band and traveled with them to Los Angeles, in California. He worked at different jobs while still trying to be successful as a musician.

From the start, Coleman played his music differently to other musicians. Some Los Angeles jazz musicians thought he was playing out of tune. In 1958 Coleman made a record called "Something Else!!!!: The Music of Ornette Coleman". Other musicians like Don Cherry, Billy Higgins, Don Payne and Walter Norris also played on the record.

Coleman was very busy in 1959. His made a record called "Tomorrow Is the Question!". He played on this ecord with a quartet. He did not play with a piano player. He started working with a record label called Atlantic Records. He made a record called "The Shape of Jazz to Come" in 1959. A music critic called Steve Huey said it was a very important jazz record. The album was different from other jazz music.

Coleman's quartet played at a jazz club in New York City. They were popular with other musicians like Leonard Bernstein and Lionel Hampton. Other musicians like Miles Davis did not like his music.

Coleman often played a plastic saxophone. He had first bought a plastic one in Los Angeles in 1954 because he could not afford a metal one. He did not like the sound of the plastic saxophone at first. Now he plays a metal saxophone.

In 1960, Coleman made a record called "". It was nearly 40 minutes long. It is one of the longest jazz performances on a record. It was an important record in jazz and now there is a jazz style called free jazz.

Coleman died of a cardiac arrest at the age of 85 in New York City on June 11, 2015.

Elizabeth Dole

Elizabeth Hanford Dole (born July 29, 1936) was a United States Senator. She was the Secretary of Transportation in Ronald Reagan's administration and the US Secretary of Labor for George H.W. Bush. She is the widow of former Senator Bob Dole, who ran for president but did not win.

Royal Army Ordnance Corps

The Royal Army Ordnance Corps was a corps of the British Army. It dealt only with the supply and maintenance of weaponry, munitions and other military equipment until 1965, when it took over most other supply functions, as well as the provision of staff clerks, from the Royal Army Service Corps.

British Home Guard

The British Home Guard was a defence organisation of the British Army during World War II. It was a secondary defence line. It was meant to stop invasion by Nazi forces.

The Home Guard existed from 1940 to 1944. It was composed of one and a half million volunteers who were otherwise not allowed to go into military service. The main reason for this was old age. This led to the nickname "Dad's Army". The Home Guard guarded the coastal areas of Britain from enemy threats, like paratroopers. They also helped guard some industrial areas, such as factories and airfields. It was widely popularised after the war by the comedy show "Dad's Army".

The beginning of the Home Guard are usually traced back to Captain Tom Wintringham. When returning from the Spanish Civil War, Wintringham wrote a book called "How To Reform The Army". In it, he writes about how Britain could make something similar to the Spanish International Brigades in the Civil War. Although the book was well received, many of its suggestions were ignored at the time. This was because the tensions in Europe did not seem likely to escalate into war. 

Following a series of events, Anthony Eden, the Secretary of State for War at the time, gave a radio broadcast on 19 May 1940. He asked for volunteers to join the Local Defence Volunteers, as it was known in the start. It originally was given jobs that were not related to combat. It worked as a sort of 'armed police force'. However, after complaints from members, the government allowed it to "delay and obstruct" the enemy advance. This was putting mostly untrained and unwell people armed with aging weapons against trained troops. Later on in the war, it was renamed the Home Guard, following pressure by Prime Minister Winston Churchill. If the Natzis had crossed the channel the Home Guard wouldn't have stopped the Germans for very long.

Roswell, New Mexico

Roswell is a city in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is famous for the 1947 Roswell UFO Incident. It is also the home of New Mexico Military Institute (NMMI), which was founded in 1891.

Roswell has a warm semi-arid climate with cool winters and very hot summers. In summer temperatures are expected to be or above on average around 30 days per year. In winter daytime temperatures are often between to and nights can be below freezing due to the city's high altitude. In the summer Roswell and the rest of New Mexico is effected by the North American Monsoon which can bring heavy rainfall and flooding. The highest temperature recorded in Roswell was on June 27, 1995 and the lowest temperature recorded was on January 11, 1962 and February 8, 1933. Temperatures at or above occur one day per year, subzero temperatures are extremely rare with last one occurring on February 15, 2021. Average rainfall and snowfall is and respectively. 


Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence

The Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI) is various efforts to find signals from extraterrestrial life. It included a program that individuals could use on their computers to search for radio signals from worlds with alien life. This was maybe the most famous of the BOINC or Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing programs that allow users to use their computers for scientific research.


2010 Summer Youth Olympics

The 2010 Summer Youth Olympic Games, officially known as the I Olympic Youth Summer Games, is an international summer sports event that was celebrated from August 14 to August 26, 2010 for youths. It was the first Youth Olympic Games(YOG) and the host city was Singapore.

2014 Summer Youth Olympics

The 2014 Summer Youth Olympic Games, officially known as the II Olympic Youth Summer Games, was an international summer sports event. It was held from August 16 to August 28, 2014. The host city was Nanjing, China.

2018 Summer Youth Olympics

The 2018 Summer Youth Olympic Games, officially known as the III Olympic Youth Summer Games, is an international summer sports event. It was held from 6 to 18 October 2018. The host city is Buenos Aires, Argentina. 

2012 Winter Youth Olympics

The 2012 Winter Youth Olympic Games, officially known as the I Olympic Youth Winter Games, was an international winter sports event. It was held from 13 to 22 January 2012. The host city was Innsbruck, Austria. 

2016 Winter Youth Olympics

The 2016 Winter Youth Olympic Games, officially known as the II Olympic Youth Winter Games, is an international winter sports event that was held from 12-21 February 2016. The host city was Lillehammer, Norway.

Skeletons

Skeletons is the fourth full-length album by American rock band, Hawthorne Heights. It is their first album to be released through Wind-up Records. The release date for the album was June 1, 2010. The album has 13 tracks. The album is produced by Howard Benson.

The first song released as a single from the album is "Nervous Breakdown".

Because the band member who did the harsh vocals for the band died, the album before this one, "Fragile Future", didn't have any death growls in it. During the 2009 tour, though, one of the other band members started using these vocals for the band, so this album has them again.

Other music groups like Just Surrender, Monty Are I, Punchline, and Anarbor went on the tour too.

During the tour the band played a song called "End of the Underground" and passed out download cards for the song "Unforgivable". These were the first two songs anyone heard from the new album.


Youth Olympic Games

The Youth Olympic Games is a sporting event that takes place in a different city every four years for athletes between ages 14 and 18. The first Youth Olympic Games was held on 14 August 2010 to 26 August 2010 in the country of Singapore. 

Summer Youth Olympic Games

The Summer Youth Olympic Games or the Games of the Olympiad


Winter Youth Olympic Games

The Winter Youth Olympic Games or the Games of the Olympiad


Evelina

Evelina or "The History of a Young Lady's Entrance into the World" is a novel written by English writer Frances Burney and first published in 1778. The novel first came out secretly, but the poet George Huddesford revealed that Burney was the writer of "Evelina" in what Burney called a "vile poem". When it was known that Burney had written "Evelina", it immediately made her very famous.

In this novel of letters, beautiful Evelina Anville, the heroine, leaves her quiet home for the first time to go to London. Through many dangers and delights of fashionable society, Evelina grows in character and wisdom and finds love with Lord Orville. This sentimental novel of romance and satire was an influence to Jane Austen and Maria Edgeworth.

"Evelina" is actually a sequel. Before that was another book that never came out in print. It was the sequel of a finished book titled "The History of Caroline Evelyn". On or around her 15th birthday in June, Frances Burney burned all of her writings. Among the works she burned, there was a complete work of fiction, "The History of Caroline Evelyn". This was four months before the wedding of Mr. Burney and Mrs. Allen, Burney's new stepmother. It is not clear why she burnt it. However, it is likely that she did it because Mrs. Allen did not like her writing. However, the story of "Evelina" was still in her mind, and she began writing it secretly. When she was at the third volume, she felt guilty. She told her father that she was writing a book, but did not explain more, and asked him if she could print it. Dr. Burney laughed and said yes.

"Evelina" came out in January 1778. It was immediately popular. Almost everyone praised the book. Dr. Burney did not know who was the writer until June, when Burney' sister told him. He read it with "fear & trembling", but liked it. He later came and praised Frances for writing so well. Burney was so happy she "threw herself" into his arms and burst into tears.

The novel begins with a letter from Lady Howard to her friend, the Reverend Arthur Villars. In the letter, Lady Howard says that Madame Duval (the grandmother of Evelina) is going to visit England to see her granddaughter Evelina again. In his reply, Reverend Villars tells her about Evelina's history. 18 years ago, Mme. Duval had been very angry with her daughter Caroline, Evelina's mother, when she ran away with Sir John Belmont. After they had married, Sir John Belmont burnt up the marriage papers, and said that it was the same as if they had never married. Unhappy, she went back to Reverend Villars, who had brought her up, as he now brought up Evelina. There, she gave birth to Evelina, and died. Reverend Villars is afraid that Mme. Duval might make Evelina die shamefully like her mother Caroline.

Reverend Villars wants to keep Evelina away from Mme. Duval, so he lets her visit Lady Howard's home. While she is there, they get news that Lady Howard's son-in-law, Captain Mirvan, is coming back to England. Evelina wants to see what London is like, and asks Reverend Villars to let her go there. Sadly, the Reverend says yes.

In London, people are attracted by Evelina's beauty and doubtful birth. Evelina, who is intelligent, but very inexperienced, does not know about the rules of 18th century London society. Because of this, she makes many mistakes. She falls in love with Lord Orville, a handsome, modest, and polite man. Another man, Sir Clement Willoughby, is in love with Evelina, but her birth and his character make him try flirting with her instead of wishing to marry her. Evelina is confused and embarrassed by his behavior, but does not know how to stop him.

In London, Evelina is very surprised to meet her grandmother and some of her cousins, the Branghtons. She is embarrassed by their impolite behavior and thinks that Lord Orville will never love her. The Mirvans return to the country, taking Evelina with them.

Both Evelina and the Reverend are unhappy to hear Mme Duval's wish to sue Sir John Belmont. Lady Howard writes to Sir John Belmont instead, telling him about Evelina. Evelina waits for the answer fearfully.

Sir Clermont Willoughby comes to Lady Howard's house without being invited. He and Captain Mirvan dress up like robbers to play a trick on Mme. Duval, whom Captain Mirvan hates. They tell her that M. Du Bois, her friend, is in jail. Afraid, she goes to see if it is true with Evelina. While Captain Mirvan throws Mme. Duval into a ditch and ties her up, Sir Clement Willoughby talks to Evelina privately. Evelina feels very sorry for Mme. Duval, and tries to make Captain Mirvan stop his tricks, but he only becomes angry. Sir Clermont Willoughby offers to go away from Lady Howard's house, and leaves, to Evelina's satisfaction.

Shortly after he leaves, Lady Howard receives a letter from Sir John Belmont. He says that he is already bringing up a daughter of Caroline, and that she will inherit his money. Evelina is very confused, and Mme Duval is furious. She visited Reverend Villars and said she must take Evelina to sue Sir John Belmont. The Reverend says no. Then she threatens that if Evelina does not live with her in London, she will not give Evelina her money when she dies. "To me, I own, this threat seemed of little consequence (importance)," writes the Reverend, "but...my diffidence (fear, shyness, doubt) of the right I have of depriving (taking away) her of so large a fortune...induced me to listen to her proposal". He tells Evelina to be careful, and "...not only "judge" but..."act" for yourself". Evelina goes with Mme Duval back to London.

Evelina lives with the Branghton family, and is very unhappy. Mme Duval is very angry to find out that she had been tricked by Captain Mirvan when she finds M. Du Bois at the Branghton's house. At the Branghtons' house, she meets a very poor, melancholy Scottish poet, Mr. Macartney, and sees him with guns in his hands, saying, "O God!--forgive me!" Thinking he is trying to kill himself, she stops him and cries, "O Sir! have mercy upon yourself!" She later finds out he had been planning to rob people by frightening them with his guns for money, because the Branghtons had threatened to put him in prison if he didn't pay money to stay at their house. He had fallen in love with a lady, but the lady's father had been so angry, they had fought, and the father had become sick. When he told this to his mother, she told him the lady's father was actually his father, who had left them long ago - so the lady he had loved was actually his sister! Evelina gives him her own money, and makes friends with him.

She is very sad with the Branghtons, however. Once, they visited Marybone, a pleasure garden. There, Evelina was attacked by a drunken sailor and saved by prostitutes. While she is with the prostitutes, she meets Lord Orville again. She is very surprised when he comes to visit her in the unfashionable part of London and again is kind to her. Later, the Branghtons use Evelina's name to ride in Lord Orville's carriage, even breaking its glass. Horrified, Evelina writes a letter to Lord Orville saying that she was sorry for what the Branghtons did, and the Branghtons had used her name without even telling her. She is shocked when she gets a insulting reply from Lord Orville. "Oh...how have I been deceived in this man!" Soon after, she returns to Reverend Villars. There, she becomes very ill. Worried, the Reverend sends her to Bristol Hotwells, a vacation town at Clifton Hill, with her "extremely clever" neighbor, Mrs. Selwyn.

Rascal Flatts

Rascal Flatts is a country rock band from Columbus, Ohio. They became a band in 1999 and released their debut album "Rascal Flatts" in 2000. They are signed to Lyric Street records and have won many CMT and ACM awards.

Their newest album is "Unstoppable", which came to stores in 2009. 


Rascal Flatts Official website

Geothermal energy

Geothermal energy (from the Greek roots "geo", meaning earth, and from "thermos", meaning heat) is a renewable energy made by heat inside the Earth's crust.

Although the Sun does heat the surface of the Earth, the heat from inside the Earth is not caused by the Sun. The geothermal energy of the Earth's crust comes 20% from the original formation of the planet, and 80% from the radioactive decay of minerals. The Earth is hottest at its core and, from the core to the surface, the temperature gets gradually cooler.

Resources of geothermal energy range from the shallow ground to hot water and hot rock found a few miles or kilometers beneath the Earth's surface, and down even deeper to the extremely high temperatures of molten rock called magma. It has been used for bathing from Paleolithic times, but is now better known for making electricity.

All over the world, geothermal energy was used to make about 10 gigawatts of electricity in the year 2007, about 0.3% of the electricity used around the world. When used to generate electricity, geothermal power plants typically offer constant output.

Geothermal energy is also used directly for district heating, or in other heating and cooling applications. Buildings in Iceland are heated in this way from the country's many geothermal sites.

Power plants and thermal applications of geothermal energy are mature technologies, whereas enhanced geothermal systems (EGS) projects are a new type of application.

Almost everywhere, the ground 10 feet (3m) below the Earth's surface maintains a nearly constant temperature between 50° and 60 °F (10° and 16 °C). Geothermal heat pumps can tap into this resource to heat and cool buildings. A geothermal heat pump system consists of a heat pump, an air delivery system (ductwork), and a heat exchanger - a system of pipes buried in the shallow ground near the building. In the winter, the heat pump uses power to remove heat from the heat exchanger and pumps it into the indoor air delivery system. In the summer, the process is reversed, and the heat pump uses power again to move heat from the indoor air into the heat exchanger. The heat removed from the indoor air during the summer can also be used to provide a free source of hot water. The power to run the heat pump comes from another source.

Geothermal energy escapes as hot water at many hot springs or as steam at geysers.

In the United States, most geothermal reservoirs of hot water are in the western states, Alaska, and Hawaii. Wells can be drilled into underground reservoirs for the generation of electricity. Some geothermal power plants use the steam from a reservoir to power a turbine / generator, while others use the hot water to boil a working fluid that vaporizes and then turns a turbine. Hot water near the surface of Earth can be used directly for heat. Direct-use applications include heating buildings, growing plants in greenhouses, drying crops, heating water at fish farms, and several industrial processes such as pasteurizing milk.

Hot dry rock resources occur at depths of 3 to 5 miles (5–8 km) everywhere beneath the Earth's surface and at lesser depths in certain areas. Access to these resources involves injecting cold water down one well, circulating it through hot fractured rocks, and drawing off the heated water from another well. Currently, nobody uses this method commercially. Existing technology also does not yet allow recovery of heat directly from magma, the very deep and most powerful resource of geothermal energy. 


Crips

The Crips are a street gang that were founded in 1969 by Stanley Williams and Raymond Washington in Los Angeles, California. They are rivals with the Bloods, another street gang. Some notable Crips are Snoop Dogg and Eazy-E.


Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays

Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays is the former acronym of , an American organization. Since 2014 the organization has been called PFLAG. It is devoted to the cause of LGBT rights. The organization started in 1973 when Jeanne Manford watched in horror as the police of New York City ignored her gay son being thrown down an escalator, during a protest for gay rights.


List of last surviving World War I veterans by country

The last living veteran of World War I was Florence Green. She was a British woman who served in the Allied armed forces, and who died on 4 February 2012, aged 110. The last veteran who served in combat was Claude Choules. He served in the British Royal Navy (and later the Royal Australian Navy) and died 5 May 2011, aged 110. The last veteran who served in the trenches was Harry Patch who died on 25 July 2009, aged 111. The last Central Powers veteran was from Austria-Hungary. He died on 27 May 2008 at the age of 107.

The total number of people who took part in WWI is estimated by the Encyclopædia Britannica at 65,038,810. There were around 9,750,103 military deaths during the conflict.

This is the list of the last living veterans of World War I by the country and the branch that they served:

Swing Life Away

"Swing Life Away" is a song by hardcore punk band Rise Against. It is from their 2004 album "Siren Song of the Counter Culture". It was first written by Tim McIlrath and Neil Hennessy, the song is different from most of Rise Against's other songs because it is performed and recorded acoustically. The lyrics are happy and speak of happiness with a less-than-perfect life, although they maintain the band's characteristic themes of self-analysis and hope. At a show at Festival Hall in Melbourne, Australia, McIlrath stated the song was written about a good friend of the band who helped them whilst they were lesser known.

Within Temptation

Within Temptation is a Dutch gothic rock band. 

The album "Enter" is a mix of gothic rock, gothic metal and doom metal. The album The Dance is a mix of gothic metal and doom metal. The album Mother Earth is a mix of gothic rock, gothic metal, alternative rock, symphonic metal and folk metal.

1910 Cuba hurricane

The 1910 Cuba Hurricane was one of the worst tropical cyclones that has ever hit Cuba. The storm formed in the southern Caribbean Sea on October 9, 1910. It grew stronger as it moved northwest. It then made landfall on the western end of Cuba. The storm made a loop over open water, and then began moving towards the United States. After crossing Florida, the storm moved near the rest of the southeastern United States and passed out to sea.

Because of the storm's loop, some reports said it was actually two hurricanes. In Cuba, the storm was one of the worst disasters in the island's history. There was bad damage and thousands of people lost their homes. In Florida, the storm also caused damage and caused flooding in some areas. It is not known exactly how much damage the storm caused. However, losses in Havana, Cuba were over $1 million. At least 100 people died in Cuba alone.

On October 9, a type of storm called a tropical depression began in the southern Caribbean Sea. It was north of Panama. The storm grew stronger while it moved toward the northwest. It became a tropical storm on October 11. On October 12, it became a hurricane. The next day, the storm was seen to the southwest of Cuba. For a short time, it was a Category 3 hurricane measured on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. The storm then hit western Cuba and crossed the island. It moved over the Gulf of Mexico and slowed down.

The hurricane was steered, or moved, by an area of high pressure (a type of weather system) to the north. Over warm water in the Gulf of Mexico, the hurricane quickly grew stronger. It then moved in a small circle, and on October 16, it reached its highest power. It had winds of 150 mph (240 km/h). The hurricane turned to the northeast and again hit western Cuba. It began to move near the Florida Panhandle on October 17. The storm hit Cape Romano, and moved to the north. Now over land, the hurricane became weaker. After crossing Florida, it curved to the northeast and entered the Atlantic Ocean. The storm probably died out on October 23.

The storm was unusual because it was first thought to be two different hurricanes. This is because of the loop it made in the Gulf of Mexico. One paper reported that the first hurricane died in the central Gulf of Mexico; the second hurricane formed and hit Florida. The storm's path was debated, and it was later found to be a single cyclone.

On October 15, all ships in a area around Key West were warned of the storm. Many ships stayed in harbors. Storm warnings were also put up.

The storm caused bad damage in Cuba. It was considered one of the worst tropical cyclones on the island. Strong winds and a lot of rain caused flooding in streets, ruined crops (mostly tobacco), and damaged farms. The hurricane affected many towns, including Casilda. The town of Batabanó was left under water. The hurricane halted communication to other areas. Most of the deaths and damages were reported to be in the Pinar del Río Province.

The "New York Times" wrote that Cuba had "probably suffered the greatest material disaster in all its history". Thousands of peasants, or workers, lost their homes. The country's capital, Havana, also suffered bad damage. On the coast, many ships carrying valuable items sunk. The storm also badly damaged goods kept on wharves. Tall waves crashed on land and caused flooding. Many boats were wrecked by the storm. The high waves flooded about of Havana's coastal land.

At least 100 people were killed by the storm, mostly because of mudslides, including five people in Havana. However, some reports say the death toll was as high as 700. Damage caused by the storm cost millions of dollars. In Havana alone, $1 million in losses were reported.

A ship, the "Holliswood", became stuck in the storm in the Gulf of Mexico. It left New Orleans on October 1 and was carrying cypress wood. The ship's crew fought the storm for days. The "Holliswood" was blown miles off its path. Its owner, Paul Mangold, said:

A steamboat called the "Harold" saw the ship and rescued all of the crew. However, Captain E. E. Walls said he wanted to stay behind. The "Holliswood" was badly damaged. The crew told the captain that the ship would be unable to float in five more hours. After the crew was rescued, Captain Walls struggled for days without food or fresh water. On October 20, another ship (the "Parkwood") rescued Walls. He was unconscious, and thought to be dead. When he was on the "Parkwood", he woke up, but was delirious. He asked to be put back on the "Holliswood". Instead, the "Parkwood" pulled the damaged ship to land.

At Key West, Florida, winds blew at . Many docks were destroyed. Damage in the Florida Keys was worth around $250,000 (1910 USD, or $5.7 million in 2009 dollars), and houses near the ocean were damaged. Strong winds pushed water out of the Tampa Bay. High waves from the sea moved over land, and people had to hold onto trees to survive. Some citrus crops were destroyed. The wind tore the roofs off homes and shook buildings off their foundations. 

Seven men died at Punta Gorda when some Cuban ships were wrecked. Near there, one man and a baby drowned, and another died trying to cross a flooded river. A French steamship, the "Louisiane", crashed into land. There were 600 passengers on the ship. All people were rescued by another ship.

The hurricane blew down many pine trees near Jupiter, Florida. One man near Lemon City was killed by falling wood. However, the storm's effects on the east coast of Florida were not as bad as they were in other places. Part of the Florida East Coast Railroad was washed out. The storm blew an American ship aground at Boca Raton. Three people died, and the rest of the crew was stuck for 12 hours.



1910 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1910 Atlantic hurricane season was the period of 1910 when tropical storms formed. It happened during the summer and the first half of fall in 1910. The season was quiet, with only five known storms.

The first storm formed on August 23. It hit Hispaniola as a weak tropical storm.

The second storm was another weak tropical storm that hit northeast Mexico.

The first hurricane of the season was a strong Category 2 storm. It moved through the Caribbean and Greater Antilles.

Another hurricane moved past Bermuda. It caused only minor damage.
The last storm was the strongest hurricane of the season. It was a strong Category 4 hurricane that moved through western Caribbean.


Bundala National Park

Bundala National Park is a protected national park in the south east of Sri Lanka. The area of 6216 hectares was first protected in 1969. It is an important wetland and was added to the list of Ramsar sites in 1990. There are many animal species living in the park including elephants and turtles. Because of the wetalnds there are many species of bird which come to the park, including flamingos, pelicans, and storks.

University of Tennessee

The University of Tennessee is a public land-grant university in Knoxville, Tennessee. It was started in 1794. The university had almost 28,000 students in 2008. Its sports teams are called the Volunteers.

Head coach

A head coach, senior coach or manager is a person who trains and develops men and women who play sports. They usually hold a more public profile and are paid more than other coaches on the team. In some sports such as soccer and baseball, the head coach is called a manager. In other sports, such as Australian rules football, they are called a senior coach. Some sports that use the phrase "head coach" include American football and basketball. 

These head coaches sometimes have other coaches that report to them. These assistant coaches focus on one part of the team rather than the whole team. Assistant coaches often work in offensive positions or defensive positions. They can sometimes coach just one position on the team such as a coach just for the quarterbacks in American football. 

Social studies

Social studies is the name of a course or set of courses taught in primary and secondary schools or elementary, middle, and high schools, but is also sometimes the study of parts of human society at schools around the world.

At primary school, social studies is usually about the local community and family. By middle and high school, social studies includes many subjects about past and current human behavior and . Usually, social studies taught in middle and high school is in the form of history, civics, economics and geography.

Social studies is a little different than social science, though many of the social sciences are covered in social studies.

The meaning of social studies is taken by understanding and the observing of the Great thinkers and scholars therefore teachers who teach social studies provide and understanding and acquisition of knowledge to learn as by giving them the full knowledge of the world they live in and in this provide an understanding of social and cultural Dynamics that shape and the influence human behaviour institution and norms
William Alexander (coach)

William A. Alexander (June 6, 1889 – April 23, 1950) was the third head football coach at Georgia Tech. Alexander graduated from Georgia Tech in 1912 as valedictorian of his class. Alexander became head coach after John Heisman retired in April 1920. 

As coach, he led Georgia Tech to three SIAA titles (1920, 1921, 1922) and its second national championship in 1928. In 1944 he retired from coaching. He was replaced by Bobby Dodd who was one of his assistant coaches. The Alexander Memorial Coliseum at Georgia Tech is named after him.


Screaming

Screaming is a vocal technique often used in punk rock, fast played metal music, and screamo. It is usually simply either a louder than normal high pitched form of singing, or a louder than normal low pitched form of singing. In both cases the vocalist usually tries to make it sound like some sort of beast's growl. For this reason, a low pitched scream is usually called a death growl.

More experimental forms of screaming are often used in alternative rock and emo music. These genres often have shrill screaming that has an emotional tone to it. The band, Thursday, is a good example of this.

Screaming is popular in genres: screamo, post-hardcore, hardcore punk, heavy metal, and many more.

Some other bands that have screaming include Silverstein, Hawthorne Heights, and Escape the Fate.

Banda Pir Khan

Banda Pir Khan is a union council in the Abbottabad District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Service sector

The Service Sector, also called tertiary sector, is the third of the three traditional economic sectors. The other two are the primary sector, which covers areas such as farming, mining and fishing; and the secondary sector which covers manufacturing and making things. The service sector provides services, rather than producing material commodities. Activities in the service sector include retail, banks, hotels, real estate, education, health, social work, computer services, recreation, media, communications, electricity, gas and water supply.
The service sector is an important part of the economy. For example, in Australia in 2007, 85% of all businesses were in the service sector. In 2009 there were more than nine million people employed in the service sector in Australia, which was 86% of all jobs. In India, there has been a huge growth in service sector businesses which made up 55% of India's GDP in 2006—2007. Computer software businesses in India are increasing at a rate of 35% per year.
Many sector businesses focus on what is called the “knowledge economy”. They need to keep ahead of other businesses by understanding what their customers want and being ready to give it to them quickly and at low cost. 

One good example of this are banks which went through big changes in the late 20th century. Using information and communication technology, banks have vastly reduced the number of people they need to employ, and lowered the cost of providing bank service. For example, an automated teller machine is able to provide basic banking services 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, in many different places. Before this, banking services were only available from the bank when it was open. Many banks and building societies have joined together to form much lower cost businesses that can make more money from a wider customer base. The key to this process is gaining information about their customers and constantly coming up with new services for them. 

Uzziah

Uzziah (עֻזִּיָּהוּ in Hebrew, meaning "Yahweh is my strength"; ; ), also known as Azariah (עֲזַרְיָה in Hebrew; ; ), was the king of the ancient Kingdom of Judah, and one of King Amaziah's sons, whom the people chose to rule after his father (; 2 Chronicles 26:1). He was 16 years old when he became king of Judah and ruled for 52 years. He "did that which was right in the sight of the Lord" (; ). According to the Bible, at first he was a good king and had great success. His fields and vineyards grew well, he dug many wells and towers in the desert, he defeated his enemies with a strong army, and he became very powerful. A seal with Uzziah's name has been found in a cistern at Tell Beit Mirsim.

However, he grew proud, and entered the temple of the LORD to burn incense on the altar of incense (). Azariah the priest with 80 other priests came to him and said, "Leave...for you have been unfaithful...you will not be honored by the LORD God". Uzziah became angry, but while "...he was raging at the priests...leprosy broke out on his forehead", and he "...had leprosy until the day he died". Because of this, his son Jotham ruled the palace and the people of the land. He died and was buried in a field that belonged to the kings. Probably because of his leprosy, Uzziah was buried in a cemetery belonging to the kings, but not in the tombs of the kings.

Sentimentality

Sentimentality is both a used to make people respond emotionally, but usually in a way more than is needed.

"A sentimentalist", Oscar Wilde wrote, "is one who desires (wants) to have the luxury of an emotion without paying for it." Yeats wrote, "Rhetoric is fooling others. Sentimentality is fooling yourself." 

"Sentimental" began to be thought of more negatively from the nineteenth century. Before that it had simply meant "feeling", but it began be criticized for its "excessiveness" (too much), and now is about feeling in situations where it is not needed.

Blubber

Blubber is a layer of fat inside the skin of some animals, such as whales and seals. Blubber keeps these animals warm. Inuits invented blubber lamps, and many other people also used oil from blubber in their oil lamps.

Keith Olbermann

Keith Olbermann (born January 27, 1959) is a former progressive male television talk show host and liberal political commentator on NBC's and Microsoft's cable news channel MSNBC, where he was the host of the show Countdown with Keith Olbermann. On his show, he was often critical of conservatives such as Bill O'Reilly and George W. Bush. Some compared him to O'Reilly, except that Olbermann was to the left and O'Reilly is to the right. Before being on political shows, Olbermann worked for ESPN as a sportscaster. He once hosted the ESPN sports news show SportsCenter.

He had his show on MSNBC, but was fired shortly after Comcast's takeover of NBC Universal in January 2011. He then moved to Current TV, partially owned by Al Gore, but was fired after less than a year there.


Ann Radcliffe

Ann Radcliffe (July 9, 1764 - February 7, 1823) was an English novelist. 

She was born in London. Her father was a trader, but when she was little, she lived mostly in the houses of richer relations. In 1772 her family moved to Bath, where it is possible she may have gone to a school run by Sophia and Harriet Lee. 

Her first tries to write romance stories were "The Castle of Athlin and Dunbayne" (1789) and "A Sicilian Romance" (1790). They were both published secretly. "The Romance of the Forest" (1791) made her famous as the writer of Gothic romances, the "hobgoblin romance", later called "the Radcliffe romance". Two novels published when she was alive, "The Mysteries of Udolpho" (1794) and "The Italian" (1797), helped make her famous as "the Great Enchantress". Radcliffe was also a great traveller. She made a book after she traveled to the Continent, "A Journey Made in the Summer of 1794, through Holland and the Western Frontier of Germany...To Which Are Added Observations of a Tour to the Lakes" (1795). But the tours written about in the novels were based on travel books, landscape paintings, and imagination. Walter Scott called Radcliffe "the first poetess of romantic fiction". 

She married in 1787 William Radcliffe, who later became the editor of the "English Chronicle". It was probably with his help that she began writing for fun. Even though she was famous, Radcliffe liked to be private. 

She later had asthma, and died from an asthma attack in 1823.

Bloods

The Bloods are a street gang. They were founded in 1972 in Los Angeles, California. They are rivals with the Crips, another street gang. Bloods members are known for wearing mostly red colors which is their gang color. 

During their rivalry with the Crips in the 1970s, a faction of the Crips called the Pirus street gang broke away from the Crips and joined other smaller gangs to make a gang which would later on become known as the Bloods. Some notable Bloods are rappers Game and Suge Knight.


Alan Colmes

Alan Samuel Colmes (September 24, 1950 – February 23, 2017) was an American radio and television host, former comedian and author. His talk radio show is distributed by Fox News Radio. He was the writer of the book, "Red, White and Liberal: How Left is Right and Right is Wrong". From 1996 to 2009, Colmes was the co-host of "Hannity & Colmes", a nightly political debate show on Fox News Channel.

Colmes died at a Manhattan medical center on February 23, 2017, at the age of 66 after suffering from lymphoma. 


Hannity &amp; Colmes

Hannity & Colmes was a television talk show on the Fox News Channel hosted by the conservative Sean Hannity and the progressive Alan Colmes. It ran from on October 6, 1996 to January 9, 2009.

Shale

Shale is a fine-grained sedimentary rock formed from mud. The mud is a mix of flakes of clay minerals and tiny fragments (silt-sized particles) of other minerals, especially quartz and calcite. The ratio of clay to other minerals is variable. Shale has breaks along thin laminae (plates) or parallel layering or bedding less than one centimeter in thickness, called "fissility" (~splitting). Mudstones, on the other hand, are similar, though they do not show the tendency to split (fissility).

Shales and mudrocks contain roughly 95 percent of the organic matter in all sedimentary rocks. However, this amounts to less than one percent by mass in an average shale. Black shales form in anoxic (without oxygen) conditions. They contain free carbon and iron sulfides such as pyrite. This produces the black colouration.

Shales are typically deposited in very slow moving water and are often found in lakes and lagoonal deposits, in river deltas, on floodplains and offshore from beach sands. They can also be deposited on the continental shelf, in relatively deep, quiet water. This process could have taken millions of years to complete.

'Black shales' are dark, and are especially rich in unoxidized carbon. Black shales are deposited in anoxic or low oxygen environments, such as in stagnant water. They are common in some Palaeozoic and Mesozoic strata. Some black shales have heavy metals such as molybdenum, uranium. vanadium, and zinc. The heavy metals may have got there by slow accumulation.


Zooid

A zooid is a term for a small individual animal, part of a marine colony. The zooids in a colony are usually clones, and may be cytoplasmically connected. Though genetically identical, the zooids in a colony may serve different functions. This is the same as would be the case with a normal metazoan animal, but in a zooid colony the members are more like individuals. 

The word is pronounced "zō-oid", not like zoo. Some examples:


Organic farms

Organic farms grow foods without using man-made chemicals. They do not use pesticides or herbicides which can harm the environment or wildlife.

Organic farmers usually use animal manure respectively organic substances rather than man-made chemical fertilizers which add extra nutrients to the soil. Organic foods are unique to the way other products are produced as chemically treated food can cause a lot of harm to the environment by decreasing the quality of soil and increasing energy use, carbon emissions, pesticides, and nitrate pollution. Also, the used chemicals can cause severe damage to human cells and long-term consumption can cause diseases like colon cancer (colorectal cancer), decrease fertility and take impact on the brain development of unborn children.

Organic farming maintains soil health the cropping system of organic farming keeps insects, pests, and weeds under check. Even farm waste is recycled in organic farming and it prevents the pollution of any component of our environment.

Organic farming finds usage for animal welfare, as livestock is bred with solely organic fodder. There are animal farms that are exclusively built for organic farming and are only distributing organic meat. In the recent past, many of those regional farms are using online shops for distribution like "Das Gute Fleisch " (which means "the good meat") from Germany. Therefore a wider audience has comfortable access to organic meat whereas the demand for organic meat is rapidly growing.

Flower growers and ordinary home gardens can use organic methods too. An example of organic farming which is often used in the garden is biological control. Biological control means using natural methods to get rid of pests, instead of using poisons. For example by encouraging Ladybirds (ladybugs) into the garden as they eat aphids (greenflies).

There are certain organizations per country that regulate the standards for organic farming. In the USA e.g. the USDA is distributing official "USDA Organic Labels" for products that fulfill the criteria of the organization to accept them as organic food.

Other than the US versions which differ in a "100 % organic label" and labels that state that the products are not fully organic, there is only one organic label for the EU that covers similar criteria as the "100 % label". Therefore it's harder to get organic farming certified in the EU.

There are also non-official labels by private companies that are rating products or using similar criteria to categorize organic farms. They commonly have a high reputation so customers can rely on their rating.

Organic Farming has many benefits. One of the main benefits of this farming is that it promotes soil health. Farmers use techniques such as crop rotation and cover cropping to build soil fertility and reduce the need for synthetic fertilizers.

Another benefit of organic cultivation is that it promotes biodiversity. Farmers use a variety of crops and livestock breeds, and they often include wildflowers and other plants in their fields to provide habitats for beneficial insects and other wildlife. They also avoid the use of synthetic pesticides, which can harm beneficial insects and other wildlife, and instead rely on natural pest control methods.

They also avoid the use of synthetic pesticides and fertilizers, which can contribute to water pollution and climate change. They also make use of renewable resources, such as solar power and wind energy.

Organic products are also more nutritious than conventionally grown products. Chemical-free foods are often more flavorful than conventionally grown foods because they are grown with the aim of conserving the soil and improving the health of the soil.

This leads to the plants absorbing more nutrients, leading to more nutritious foods.

Bronchus

Bronchi (one Bronchus) are the large air tubes leading from the trachea to the lungs. They carry air to the lungs. 

The trachea (windpipe) divides to form the right and left main bronchi. These divide to form smaller and smaller tubes called bronchioles. Eventually the bronchioles end in the alveoli (small air sacs). At the alveoli, oxygen from the air we breathe into our lungs is moved into the blood. The blood then carries oxygen around to the rest of the body, which needs oxygen to survive. Without the bronchi, air would never get into the lungs, and oxygen would never get into our bodies.

The bronchi's walls are made of cartilage. 

The right bronchus (shown on the left in the image on this page) is shorter, wider, and straighter than the left bronchus.


ChessBase

ChessBase GmbH is a German company that markets chess software. It also has a chess news website, and uses a server for online chess. Set up in 1998, it builds and sells large databases, with up to three million games, classified in various ways. A smaller fraction have notes, about 60,000 at present. It is possible to connect the database with one or more "chess engines" which calculate likely good moves. Databases organize data from past games; engines do calculations and use look-up tables for standard information, having, for example, answers to special endgame problems.

Bill Ayers

William Charles "Bill" Ayers (born December 26, 1944) is an American elementary education theorist. He is a former head of the Weather Underground. Ayers is known for speaking out against the Vietnam War in the 1960s. He is also known for his current work in trying to help make learning and teaching better. In 1969, Ayers started the Weather Underground. The Weather Underground is a group that call themselves a "communist revolutionary group". They carried out bombings against public buildings during the 1960s and 1970s. This was because the United States was being a part of the Vietnam War. Ayers is a professor in the College of Education at the University of Illinois at Chicago. He has the titles of Distinguished Professor of Education and Senior University Scholar. During the 2008 U.S. presidential election, a controversy was brought up over ties between Ayers and then Senator Barack Obama. Ayers is married to Bernadine Dohrn. She was also a member of the Weather Underground.

Bill Ayers grew up in Glen Ellyn, Illinois. Glen Ellyn is just outside Chicago. He went to public schools there until his second year of high school. After this he started going to Lake Forest Academy. It is a smaller prep school. Ayers received a B.A. from the University of Michigan in American studies in 1968. He is the son of Thomas G. Ayers. His father used to be chairman and CEO of Commonwealth Edison.

In 1965, Ayers was part of a group who were protesting at a restaurant in Ann Arbor, Michigan. The restaurant would not serve African Americans. Ayers' first arrest came when he took part in a sit-in at a local draft board. He sat in jail for ten days. Shortly after his arrest, he landed his first teaching job at the Children's Community School. This small preschool was run from a local church basement. The preschool was part of a larger movement across the United States called the "free school movement". Schools that were part of this movement had no grades or report cards. Instead, they tried to work on getting students to cooperate with each other and work together instead of competing. The teachers allowed the students to call them by their first names. After teaching for only a few months, at the age of 21, Ayers became the head of the school. There he also met Diana Oughton, who would be his girlfriend until her death in an explosion in 1970.

Ayers became part of the New Left and the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) in the early 1960s. In 1968 and 1969, Ayers became well known as a head of the SDS. He was head of a smaller SDS group called the "Jesse James Gang". Ayers made important changes to Weatherman beliefs about being militant (ready to fight for the cause). The group that Ayers headed in Detroit, Michigan became one of the first groups that would turn into the Weathermen. Before the June 1969 SDS convention, Ayers became an important head of the group. This came about due to a split in the group.

In June 1969, the Weathermen took over the SDS at its convention. Ayers was made Education Secretary. Later in 1969, Ayers helped to place a bomb at a statue that was made to honor policemen that were killed. The bomb blast broke almost 100 windows and blew parts of the statue onto a nearby street. (The statue was rebuilt and unveiled on May 4, 1970, and blown up again by other Weathermen on October 6, 1970. While they were putting it back together, the city put a 24-hour guard around it to stop another attack. In January 1972, it was moved to Chicago Police headquarters. Ayers was also part of the "Days of Rage" riot that took place in Chicago in 1969. He was also a part of the "War Council" meeting that happened in Flint, Michigan. Two big decisions came from the "War Council". The first was to start a violent, armed resistance (using bombs, and robberies) against the government. The second was to start underground (secret) groups in important cities around the country. An FBI informant named Larry Grathwohl, who pretended to be a Weatherman in 1969, said that "Ayers, along with Bernardine Dohrn, probably had the most authority within the Weatherman".

In 1970, Weatherman members Ted Gold, Terry Robbins, and Diana Oughton were killed when a bomb they were building blew up. This was called the Greenwich Village town house explosion. Ayers and several other Weathermen were able to avoid being caught following this explosion. Ayers was not facing charges at this time, but the federal government later brought charges against him. Ayers was part of the bombings of New York City Police Department headquarters in 1970, the United States Capitol building in 1971, and the Pentagon in 1972. Ayers wrote, in 2001, that: Although the bomb that rocked the Pentagon was itsy-bitsy - weighing close to two pounds - it caused 'tens of thousands of dollars' of damage. The operation cost under $500, and no one was killed or even hurt. 

Some new reports have said that Ayers, Dohrn, or the Weatherman took part in the 1970 San Francisco Police Department bombing. However, neither Ayers, nor anyone else has ever been charged with this crime.

In 1973, it was discovered that the FBI were focusing on the Weatherman as well as the New Left. This was part of several secret, and sometimes illegal FBI projects called COINTEL. Because the FBI agents had broken the law, the government asked that all weapons and bomb charges be dropped against the Weather Underground. This included charges against Ayers.

However, there were still state charges against Dohrn. Dohrn did not want to turn herself in to the police. "He was sweet and patient, as he always is, to let me come to my senses on my own", she later said of Ayers. She finally turned herself in, in 1980. She was fined $1,500 and given three years probation.

In 1973 Ayers helped write the book "Prairie Fire" with others who were part of the Weather Underground. They dedicated the book to almost 200 people, including Harriet Tubman, John Brown, 'All Who Continue to Fight', 'All Political Prisoners in the U.S.', and Sirhan Sirhan, who was convicted of killing Robert F. Kennedy.

In 2001, Ayers wrote "Fugitive Days: A Memoir". He said "Fugitive Days" tried to answer the questions of Kathy Boudin's son and his statement that Diana Oughton died trying to stop the Greenwich Village bomb makers. Some have questioned the truth, accuracy, and tone of the book. Brent Staples wrote for "The New York Times Book Review" that "Ayers reminds us often that he can't tell everything without endangering people involved in the story. Historian Jesse Lemisch (who was also a member of the SDS) said that Ayers' memories were wrong. Ayers, in the beginning of his book, says that it was written as his personal memories and was not a research project.

"Chicago Magazine" said that "just before the September 11 attacks", Richard Elrond, who was hurt in the "Days of Rage", was given an apology from Ayers and Dohrn. "[T]hey were remorseful," Elrod says. "They said, 'We're sorry that things turned out this way.'" Ayers gave a lot of interviews before his book was published. In these interviews he defended his history of radical words and actions. Some of the articles were written before the September 11 attacks and appeared right after. Many comments were made by the media comparing the statements that Ayers was making about his past just as a terrorist incident shocked the public.

A lot of the controversy about Ayers in the years since 2000 comes from an interview that he gave to "The New York Times". The reporter quoted him as saying "I don't regret setting bombs" and "I feel we didn't do enough". When asked if he would "do it all again," he said "I don't want to discount the possibility." Ayers questioned the interviewer's way of describing him in a "Letter to the Editor" on September 15 2001. In his letter, Ayers wrote: "This is not a question of being misunderstood or 'taken out of context', but of deliberate distortion." In the following years, Ayers has said that what he meant by saying that he had "no regrets" and "we didn't do enough" he was talking about their efforts to stop the US from fighting in the Vietnam War. He said these efforts were ". . . inadequate [as] the war dragged on for a decade." Ayers has repeatedly said that the two statements did not mean that he wished they had set more bombs.

Ayers was asked in a 2004 interview, "How do you feel about what you did? Would you do it again under similar circumstances?" He said: "I've thought about this a lot. Being almost 60, it's impossible to not have lots and lots of regrets about lots and lots of things, but the question of did we do something that was horrendous, awful? ... I don't think so. I think what we did was to respond to a situation that was unconscionable." On September 9, 2008, journalist Jake Tapper talked about the comic strip in Ayers' blog, where he explained the soundbite: "The one thing I don't regret is opposing the war in Vietnam with every ounce of my being... When I say, 'We didn't do enough,' a lot of people rush to think, 'That must mean, "We didn't bomb enough shit."' But that's not the point at all. It's not a tactical statement, it's an obvious political and ethical statement. In this context, 'we' means 'everyone.'"

In 2008, Ayers said this about his actions:
The Weather Underground crossed lines of legality, of propriety and perhaps even of common sense. Our effectiveness can be — and still is being — debated.
He also again defended his actions against charges of terrorism:
The Weather Underground went on to take responsibility for placing several small bombs in empty offices... We did carry out symbolic acts of extreme vandalism directed at monuments to war and racism, and the attacks on property, never on people, were meant to respect human life and convey outrage and determination to end the Vietnam war.

In an interview that Ayers gave in 1995, he said of his political beliefs in the 1960s and 1970s: "I am a radical, Leftist, small 'c' communist ... [Laughs] Maybe I'm the last communist who is willing to admit it. [Laughs] We have always been small 'c' communists in the sense that we were never in the Communist party and never Stalinists. The ethics of communism still appeal to me. I don't like Lenin as much as the early Marx. I also like Henry David Thoreau, Mother Jones and Jane Addams [...]" In 1970 Ayers was called "a national leader" of the Weatherman organization and "one of the chief theoreticians of the Weathermen" by "The New York Times".

The Weatherman started off as part of the Revolutionary Youth Movement (RYM) within the SDS. They split from the RYM's Maoists saying they had no time to build another party. They also said that war against the United States government and capitalism should begin right away. Their founding paper called for the creation of a "white fighting force" to fight with the "Black Liberation Movement" and other "anti-colonial' movements. to achieve "the destruction of US imperialism and the achievement of a classless world: world communism." In June 1974, the Underground released their 151-page work called "Prairie Fire". "Prairie Fire" said that: "We are a guerrilla organization [...] We are communist women and men underground in the United States [...]" The Weatherman's leaders, including Ayers, wanted radical changes to sexual relations and used the slogan "Smash Monogamy".

Larry Grathwohl, who was an FBI agent who joined the Underground, said that Ayers wanted to overthrow the United States government. In an interview that he gave in January 2009, Grathwohl said that:
"The thing the most bone chilling thing Bill Ayers said to me was that after the revolution succeeded and the government was overthrown, they believed they would have to eliminate 25 million Americans who would not conform to the new order."
Ayers replied:
"Never said it. Never thought it. And again, Larry Grathwohl, I don't know him today, but certainly the FBI was an organization built on lies."
In an interview with ABC7 reporter Alan Wang, Ayers said that "Now that's being blown into dishonest narratives about hurting people, killing people, planning to kill people. That's just not true. We destroyed government property," said Ayers. However, when asked if he ever made bombs, Ayers replied: "I'm just not going to talk about it."

During the 2008 U.S. presidential election, a controversy started about Ayers' contact with then-Senator Barack Obama. This had been well known in Chicago for years. After being raised by the British press The ties between Ayers and Obama was written about by blogs and newspapers in the United States. The issue was also talked about in a debate by moderator George Stephanopoulos. It later became an issue for John McCain's campaign. "The New York Times", CNN, and several other news groups said that Obama does not have a close friendship with Ayers. After the election, Ayers said he did not have any close ties with Obama and condemned the Republicans for using "guilt by association" tactics. In a new afterword to his book, he added a note saying that he knew the Obamas "as neighbors and family friends." But in an interview with "Good Morning America", Ayers said the afterword was "describing there how the blogosphere characterized the relationship."

Ayers teaches at the University of Illinois at Chicago. He mainly focuses on social justice, fixing education in urban areas, children who are in trouble with the law and related issues.

He began working as a teacher at the Children's Community School (CCS). CCS was started by a group of students and based on the Summerhill way of teaching. After he left the underground, he earned an Masters in Education (M.Ed.) from Bank Street College in Early Childhood Education (1983)), an M.Ed. from Teachers College, Columbia University in Early Childhood Education (1987) and an Ed.D. from Teachers College, Columbia University in Curriculum and Instruction (1987).

He has edited and written many books and articles. They usually have to deal with education. He has also been on many panels and symposia.

Ayers is married to Bernardine Dohrn. Dohrn was also part of the Weather Underground. They have two adult children and they share custody of Chesa Boudin. Boudin is the son of two former Underground members who were put in jail. Chesa Boudin went on to win a Rhodes Scholarship. Ayers and Dohrn live in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago.

In 1997 Chicago awarded him its Citizen of the Year award for his work on the Chicago Annenberg Challenge project.


Three-sector hypothesis

The Three-sector hypothesis is a large-scale economic type theory. It says that there are three kinds of economic activities, which are very different from each other:

These kinds of activities are called economic sectors. The theory speaks about the primary, secondary, and tertiary sector. The theory was developed by Alan Fisher, Colin Clark and Jean Fourastié in the 1930s. Clark used a speech given by Sir William Petty, in 1690. For this reason the theory is also known as Petty's Law. The first sector is about directly using natural resources, the second sector is about processing these resources to obtain "higher level" goods.

The theory also says that the main focus of the economy of a country will change, from the primary to the secondary, and from the secondary to the tertiary sector, as economic development progresses.

Osteogenesis imperfecta

Osteogenesis imperfecta is a genetic disorder. It is commonly called brittle bone disease. It is usually an autosomal dominant disease, which means a person can get it if only one of their parents has the abnormal gene. OI affects the part of the bones called the collagen rod, which provides bone strength. The abnormal gene weakens or even destroys the collagen rod. This disease was first identified by Vrolik in 1849.

When someone has this disease, their bones are more likely to break. Unfortunately, osteogenesis imperfecta has no cure. This disease is categorized in four types: Type one is the most common case and it often causes brittle teeth and bone related injuries. Type two is a more severe version of type one and has most of the same symptoms just in more severe cases. People with type three of osteogenesis imperfecta may have more than 100 fractures before puberty. Their eyes often develop a purple, blue, or grey tint and people with this case also often have hearing loss. 50% of people that have osteogenesis imperfecta have hearing loss while becoming an adult. Type 4 is a more severe case of most symptoms stated above.

Less severe symptoms of OI may include:

OI has many other serious and fatal symptoms including respiratory problems and bone deformity.

OI occurs equally in both male and females and can affect all ethnic groups. OI happens in the womb and there is no cure. It is usually discovered when someone breaks a lot of bones; they may have DNA testing to check for OI. It occurs in 1 in 20,000 births.

Piss Christ

Piss Christ is a 1987 photo that was taken by Andres Serrano. The picture is of a small plastic crucifix that is in a glass of Serrano's urine. The piece won the Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art's "Awards in the Visual Arts" competition. This contest gets some of its money from the National Endowment from the Arts, a United States government group that gives money to art projects.

The photo caused some dispute when it was first shown in 1989. Some people who were against the photo, including United States Senators Al D'Amanto and Jesse Helms were upset that Serrano was given $15,000 for the work. They were also upset that part of it was from the National Endowment for the Arts. Supporters of the work said the "Piss Christ" is an issue of artistic freedom and freedom of speech.

Others said that the government paying for "Piss Christ" went against separation of church and state.

Sister Wendy Beckett, an art critic and Catholic nun, said in a television interview with Bill Moyers that she did not think the work was blasphemous. She thought that it was but a statement on "what we have done to Christ"

During a showing of Serrano's works at the National Gallery of Victoria (NGV) in 1997, then Archbishop George Pelli tried to get the Supreme Court of Victoria to stop the gallery from showing the work. The Court did not agree with him and did not stop it. A few days later, one visitor tried to take the work off of the gallery wall, and two teenagers later attacked the work with a hammer. The director of the NGV then cancelled the show. He said that he was worried about some of Rembrandt's works that were also being shown at the time.

"Piss Christ" was part of the BBC documentary called "Why Beauty Matters", which talks about art and how it is important in everyday life.


Cosley Zoo

Cosley Zoo is an AZA-accredited zoo. It is in Wheaton, Illinois. It is a part of the Wheaton Park District. Families and individuals can come in for free. The zoo area is 5 acres (2 hectares) of land. It is built on the site of a historic train station. There are domestic animals. There is also wildlife that is native to Illinois.

The zoo runs many programs for children. For example, they have programs like Junior Zookeepers, birthday parties, and holiday events.



MSNBC

MSNBC is an American cable news channel started by NBCUniversal (NBC) and Microsoft (MSN), thus the name MSNBC. It was started in 1996. It is produced by NBC's news division, NBC News. It replaced a channel Roger Ailes operated and founded for NBC called America's Talking, which launched in 1994.
Most of its shows are shows that talk about news and politics, and are hosted by people such as Joy Reid, Rachel Maddow, Chris Hayes and Lawrence O’Donnell. There have been accusations of liberal bias made about MSNBC. MSNBC's motto is "Lean Forward", suggesting a progressive political stance.

Athletic director

An athletic director is someone who is in charge of the sports at a school. Most colleges and high schools have an athletic director. 

Hyperplane arrangements

Hyperplane arrangements is a branch of mathematics that studies how smaller objects, called hyperplanes, can be arranged in a bigger object. This is related to other fields of mathematics like number theory, combinatorics, and topology.

Bobby Dodd Stadium

Bobby Dodd Stadium at Historic Grant Field is the football stadium at the corner of North Avenue at Techwood Drive on the campus of Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta, Georgia. It has been home to the Yellow Jackets football team since 1905. It is also the oldest stadium in Division I Football Bowl Subdivision.

Bobby Dodd Stadium is named in honor of Robert Lee "Bobby" Dodd, longtime football coach and athletic director at Georgia Tech. The field is named for Hugh Inman Grant, son of John W. Grant, an Atlanta merchant. 

The stadium is located on the east side of the Georgia Tech campus. It is in the middle of Atlanta, just off Interstate 75/Interstate 85, across from the Varsity restaurant.

It was first known as Grant Field (it was renamed Bobby Dodd Stadium in 1988). The stadium is the oldest continuously used on-campus site for college football in the southern United States.

Football has been played at the current site since 1905. In 1913, grandstands were built for the first time, mostly by Tech students. 

The stadium does not look like it originally did. It has been expanded several times. The original stadium seated 5,600. By 1925, the west and south stands were completed, making the stadium a 30,000-seat horseshoe with an open north end. The west stands were rebuilt and a large press box was added in 1947, bringing capacity up to 44,000. The original all-steel 4,105-seat North stands were built in 1958. In 1962 and 1968 the upper decks were added to the East and West sides bringing capacity to its all-time high of 58,121. In 1985 the South stands were taken down to make room for the William C. Wardlaw Center. 

The west grandstand now covers the old one, which is still underneath it. Grant Field was occasionally used as a site for Atlanta Falcons games during the team's early years when it was sharing Fulton County Stadium with the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball. If the Falcons needed to play a game at the same time as the Braves, they would play at Grant Field. The lighting was replaced in 1998. 

Following the 2001 season, a major expansion and renovation project was started, which was done in two phases in order to play the 2002 season in the stadium. For the 2002 season, seating was returned to the South end in front of the Wardlaw Center, and the original North stands and lower east bleachers were rebuilt and bowled in. After the 2002 season, the expansion was completed by adding a free standing upper deck in the north end zone. This addition of a north end zone upper deck brought Bobby Dodd Stadium to its current capacity. The new stadium was rededicated during the 2003 home season opener versus the Auburn Tigers on September 2, 2003.

In the summer of 2009, Bobby Dodd Stadium underwent a number of changes. First, the scoreboard was renovated and after completion, is now twice as big as the old scoreboard. Also, ribbon boards were installed in front of the Wardlaw Center, as well as along the sides of the stadium. Another change was the improvement of the sound system in the stadium. 


Bud Carson

Leon H. "Bud" Carson ( – ) was an American football coach best known for working with the Pittsburgh Steelers' championship teams of the 1970s.

Carson played defensive back for North Carolina from 1949 to 1951, then entered the Marines.

After he left the Marines, he went into coaching. He worked at Georgia Tech for head coach Bobby Dodd. Carson took over as head coach in 1967. Under Carson, the Yellow Jackets had three 4-6 seasons in a row before going 9-3 and winning the Sun Bowl in 1970. In 1971, Tech finished 6-6 after a Peach Bowl loss. He was fired by Georgia Tech after that season. While at Georgia Tech, he made the "Cover 2" defensive strategy that has been widely used by the NFL.

Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Chuck Noll hired Carson as defensive coordinator in 1972. Under Carson, the "Steel Curtain" developed as one of the best defenses in National Football League history. The defense, led by Jack Lambert, Mel Blount, Jack Ham and Mean Joe Greene, gave up fewer points than any other American Football Conference team in Pittsburgh's Super Bowl seasons of 1974 and 1975. In 1976, the team gave up fewer than 10 points a game.

After the 1977 season, Carson took over the defensive-coordinator job with the Los Angeles Rams, who lost to the Steelers in Super Bowl XIV. He later worked as a coach for the Kansas City Chiefs and Baltimore Colts. He then was in charge of the New York Jets' defense from 1985 to 1988. In 1989, he was hired as the head coach of the Cleveland Browns.

Cleveland won the AFC Central Division in 1989 before losing to the Denver Broncos in the conference championship for the third time in four years. Browns owner Art Modell fired Carson halfway through the 1990 season, which ended with a 3-13 record. Carson then worked as a coach for the Philadelphia Eagles and the St. Louis Rams before retiring in 1997.

Carson, a long-time smoker, died in 2005 of emphysema. He was married to Linda Carson, an anchorwoman at Sarasota television station WWSB. His daughter Cathi Carson is the sports reporter at two Jacksonville stations in Jacksonville WTEV and WAWS and was formerly a reporter at WWSB. He also had a son, Cliff, and a daughter, Dana, as well as a stepson, Gary Ford.


Gouverneur Morris

Gouverneur Morris (January 31, 1752 – November 6, 1816) was an American politician and diplomat from New York City. Morris was born and died in Morrisiana, which is now part of The Bronx. He went to college at King's College, New York. He was a delegate to the Continental Congress from New York in the 1770s. In the 1780s, he moved to Philadelphia and was the assistant superintendent of finance. He was also a delegate to the Constitutional Convention from Pennsylvania. He was very active there, giving 173 speeches. This was more speeches than any other person gave. Morris wrote the Preamble and many of the sections of the Constitution. Later, he served as ambassador to France from 1792 to 1794. He was a U.S. Senator from 1800 to 1803. 

Late in life, Morris was head of the group building the Erie Canal. He wanted a strong central government, and wanted people to think of themselves mostly as Americans rather than people of the state they lived in. Morris also spoke out against slavery. He had a wooden leg. Morris lost his leg in a carriage accident in 1780. He is also noted for keeping a diary of his life. 

Herman Hickman

Herman M. Hickman (October 1, 1911 - April 25, 1958) was a Hall of Fame college football player for the University of Tennessee, and played for the NFL's Brooklyn Dodgers. He later coached football and was a professional wrestler.

Hickman came to the University of Tennessee from Johnson City, Tennessee. Hickman was a guard for the Tennessee Volunteers football team from 1929–1931. He was chosen for Grantland Rice's All American football team in 1931. Hickman was also named to the All-Southern team in 1931 with teammate Gene McEver. Coach Robert Neyland held Hickman in high regard. "When one (football writer) said Hickman was 'the best guard the South ever produced,' Coach General Bob Neyland snarled, 'Herman Hickman is the greatest guard football has ever known.'"

Following his time at Tennessee, Hickman played for the NFL's Brooklyn Dodgers from 1932 to 1934. He was named an All Pro at left guard in 1933.< name=bio/> He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1959.

Hickman was an assistant at Wake Forest, North Carolina State and West Point before earning the head coaching job at Yale University in 1948. He led the Bulldogs to a 16-17-2 record before resigning in 1951.

Hickman was a writer, who came to be known as "Poet Laureate of the Little Smokies." He was also a staff writer for Sports Illustrated.

Hickman also was a professional wrestler, known as "The Tennessee Terror." He wrestled in over 500 matches.


No More Heroes (video game)

No More Heroes is an action video game for Wii system. The game's main character is Travis Touchdown, who is trying to be the number one hitman. His weapon is a kind of light sword which probably comes from "Star Wars".

Butterflyfish

Butterflyfish are a group of brightly marked tropical marine fish in the family Chaetodontidae. The bannerfish and coralfish are also included in this group. They live mostly on the reefs of the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific Oceans. There are about 120 species in 10 genera.

Marine angelfish

Marine angelfish are group of fish of the family Pomacanthidae. They are found on shallow reefs in the tropical Atlantic, Indian, and mostly western Pacific oceans. The family contains seven genera and approximately 86 species. 

Viktor Korchnoi

Viktor Korchnoi (23 March 1931 – 6 June 2016) was a professional chess grandmaster. He was born in Leningrad, USSR (Saint Petersburg). In 1976 he defected to the Netherlands. He lived in Switzerland for many years, and became a Swiss citizen. Towards the end of his life, he was the oldest active grandmaster on the regular tournament circuit. Viktor was at or near the top in chess for half a century.

In all, Korchnoi was a candidate for the World Championship on ten occasions (1962, 1968, 1971, 1974, 1977, 1980, 1983, 1985, 1988 and 1991). Korchnoi was also a four-time USSR chess champion, a five-time member of Soviet teams that won the European championship, and a six-time member of Soviet teams that won the Chess Olympiad.

Korchnoi played three matches against Anatoly Karpov, the latter two for the World Chess Championship. In 1974, he lost the Candidates final to Karpov by the narrowest margin: 11.5–12.5. Karpov was declared world champion in 1975 when Bobby Fischer failed to defend his title. Then, after defecting from the Soviet Union in 1976, Korchnoi won two Candidates cycles to qualify for World Championship matches with Karpov in 1978 and 1981.

The 1978 Karpov–Korchnoi World Championship match was held in Baguio, Philippines. It was one of those events where the struggle took place off as well as on the board. Korchnoi's status as a defector and stateless person was exploited to the full by the Soviet delegation. Karpov's team was a dozen strong, and only three of them were chess players. They included Dr Zukhar, Karpov's personal psychiatrist/psychologist, whom (it was claimed) attempted to hypnotise Korchnoi during play.

There was constant controversy off the board, with X-raying of chairs, protests about the flags used on the board, hypnotism complaints and the mirror glasses used by Korchnoi. When Karpov's team sent him a blueberry yogurt during a game without any request for one by Karpov, the Korchnoi team protested, claiming it could be some kind of code. They later said this was intended as a parody of earlier protests, but it was taken seriously at the time. The story of these off-the-board struggles has been reported in detail, from the Korchnoi point of view.

As a sporting contest, it had an exciting climax. The match would go to the first player to win six games, draws not counting. After 17 games, Karpov had an imposing 4–1 lead. Korchnoi won game 21, but Karpov won game 27, putting him on the brink of victory with a 5–2 lead. Korchnoi fought back, scoring three wins and one draw in the next four games, to equalise the match at 5–5 after 31 games. However, Karpov won the next game, and the match, by 6–5 with 21 draws. For the second time, Karpov had won by the narrowest possible margin.

Korchnoi won the next Candidates' cycle to again earn the right to challenge Karpov in 1981. The match, held in Merano, Italy, was held in an atmosphere of political tension. Korchnoi's wife and son were still in the Soviet Union. His son was promised that he would be allowed to join his father, if he gave up his passport. When he did so, he was promptly drafted into the Soviet army. In spite of protests, Korchnoi's son was arrested for evading army service, sentenced to two and a half years in labour camp, and served the full sentence. After the release, he was again refused permission to leave the USSR. In 1982, six years after Korchnoi's defection, his son finally succeeded in leaving the country.

In what was dubbed the 'Massacre in Merano', Karpov defeated Korchnoi convincingly by 6 wins to 2, with ten draws.

Korchnoi was due to play the young Soviet Garry Kasparov in the next (1984) Candidates' cycle. He seemed to have great fondness for Garry Kasparov – possibly because he recognized the situation Kasparov was in – a prominent talent blocked by the Soviet bureaucracy.

The match was to be held in Pasadena, California, but the Soviet Chess Federation protested. Possibly this was because Korchnoi was a defector and the match was in the cold-war enemy's backyard, and because of the soon-to-be-announced Soviet decision to boycott the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles). At any rate, Kasparov was not allowed to fly there to play the match. This defaulted the match to Korchnoi.

However, after a remarkable series of events, spearheaded by the British Grandmaster Raymond Keene, Korchnoi agreed to play the match in London. This was a gracious gesture by Korchnoi, since technically he had already won by default. After a good start, Korchnoi was overcome by Kasparov's attacking play and remarkable maturity.

Viktor continued to play in Europe, living in his adopted country of Switzerland. He represented their Olympiad team on top board. Korchnoi first played for Switzerland at the 1978 Olympiad, held in Buenos Aires, where he took the individual gold medal for best performance on board one.

On the January 2007 FIDE rating list, Korchnoi was ranked number 85 in the world at age 75, by far the oldest player ever to be ranked in the FIDE top 100. The second-oldest player on the January 2007 list was Alexander Beliavsky, 22 years younger than Korchnoi.

In September 2006, Korchnoi won the 16th World Senior Chess Championship, held in Italy, with a 9–2 score. Korchnoi scored 7.5–0.5 in his first eight games, then drew his last three games. This is the first world title Korchnoi had won. Viktor achieved another mark by winning the 2009 Swiss championship in Grächen. He scored 7/9 at the open tournament.

Viktor's style of play was total commitment. He almost always played for a win if at all possible, and rarely took short draws. He was often seen in complex, double-edged positions, where it is difficult to see what is going on.

Korchnoi died at the age of 85 in Wohlen, Switzerland from complications of a stroke on 6 June 2016.


Mycenae

Mycenae (Greek "Mykēnai" or "Mykēnē"), is an archaeological site in Greece. It is about 90 km south-west of Athens, in the north-eastern Peloponnese. 

In the second millennium BC, Mycenae was one of the most important centers of early Greek civilization with a strong army. The time of Greek history from about 1600 BC to about 1100 BC is called Mycenaean Greece.

The Mycenaeans of Greece had learned many things from other lands. By 1400 B.C., they were known for their art, literature, and philosophy. Their most important city, Mycenae (mi see' née), was just north of what later became Corinth.

In 1300 BC the king built a wall 23 ft wide and 60 ft high. The stone blocks used were very big. A "corbel arch", where each stone hung a little further beyond the one below, was used. A triangle was also used to support it. The Lion Gate, the main gate of the wall and an example of a corbel arch, is still admired today.

The common people went inside the palace walls in times of danger but at other times lived in their own houses. Their houses were shaped like deep rectangles with flat roofs and front porches. People worked at many different jobs. They were cooks, doctors, carpenters, tailors, woodcutters, and makers of textiles. The Mycenaeans grew many things and kept animals like oxen, sheep, pigs, and goats. They also built good roads and bridges. Their army was strong. Spears and javelins have been found, and also many swords, big and small. Their edge and point were used.

By 1200 BC the power of Mycenae was declining. The eventual destruction of Mycenae was part of the general Bronze Age collapse in the Greek mainland and beyond. Within a short period all the palaces of southern Greece were burnt, including that at Mycenae. The cause or causes of the Bronze Age collapse are not known for sure.

For their worship of gods, these people made shrines. Poseidon was worshiped as a chief deity, and the “protector of the sky” was Zeus. They also worshipped Apollo, Artemis, Hera and many others of the Greek religion. 


Anatoly Karpov

Anatoly Karpov (born Zlatoust, Russia, 23 May 1951) is a Soviet and Russian chess grandmaster and former World Champion. He was official world champion from 1975 to 1985, played three more matches for the title from 1986 to 1990, then was FIDE World Champion from 1993 to 1999. 

His tournament successes include over 160 first-place finishes. He had a peak Elo rating of 2780, and his 90 months at world number one are second only to the record of Garry Kasparov. 

Since 2005, he has been a member of the Public Chamber of Russia. He has recently involved himself in several humanitarian causes, such as advocating the use of iodised salt.

Vasily Smyslov

Vasily Smyslov (24 March 1921 – 27 March 2010) was a Russian chess grandmaster, and World Chess Champion from 1957 to 1958.<ref name="H/W">Hooper D. and Whyld K. 1992. "The Oxford companion to chess". 2nd ed, Oxford University Press.</ref>

Smyslov was a candidate for the World Chess Championship on eight occasions (1948, 1950, 1953, 1956, 1959, 1965, 1983, and 1985). He was one of the five players selected to compete for the 1948 World Chess Championship tournament to determine who should succeed the late Alexander Alekhine as champion. His selection was questioned by some, but this criticism was silenced when he finished second behind Mikhail Botvinnik. His victories in the double-round Candidates tournaments of 1953 and 1956 were the greatest tournament wins of the 1950s. He played three 24-game world championship matches against the formidable Botvinnik, drawing the first in 1954, winning the second in 1957 but losing the return match in 1958. All three matches were held in Moscow.

Smyslov was twice equal first in the Soviet Championship (1949, 1955), and his total of 17 Chess Olympiad medals won is an all-time record. In five European Team Championships, Smyslov won ten gold medals (team and individual). He remained active and successful in competitive chess well into the 1960s and 1970s and he qualified for the finals of the World Championship Candidates' matches as late as 1983. Vasiliy won the first World Senior Chess Championship in 1991. He retired from competitive play in 2001.

Smyslov was also a concert-level singer. His baritone singing, and fellow grandmaster Taimanov's piano recitals, were evening events at many major chess tournaments.

A tribute from Anatoly Karpov:



Karachay-Balkar

The Karachay-Balkar language (Къарачай-Малкъар /Qarachay-Malqar/) is a Turkic language spoken by the Karachays and Balkars. It is divided into two dialects: Karachay which pronounces two phonemes as and , and Balkar, which pronounces the corresponding phonemes as and .

Boris Spassky

Boris Spassky (born 30 January 1937 in Leningrad), is a Soviet–French chess grandmaster. He was the tenth World Chess Champion, holding the title from late 1969 to 1972.

Spassky won the USSR Chess Championship twice outright (1961, 1973), and twice more lost in playoffs (1956, 1963). He was a World Chess Championship candidate on seven occasions (1956, 1965, 1968, 1974, 1977, 1980, and 1985).

Boris won the Candidates match series in 1965 and 1968. He played for the world championship three times. Against Tigran Petrosian in 1966 he lost; against Petrosian again in 1969 (winning), and against Bobby Fischer in 1972 (losing). The match with Fischer in Reykjavik was the most publicised chess match of any time. His loss was subjected to the most rigorous scrutiny by the Soviet central committee for chess, and he was criticised for lack of adequate preparation.

The second half of his life until recently was lived in France. He has both Russian and French nationality.

On 1 October 2006, Spassky suffered a minor stroke during a chess lecture in San Francisco. On 23 September 2010, ChessBase reported that Spassky had suffered a more serious stroke that had left him paralyzed on his left side. After that he returned to France for a long rehabilitation programme.

On 16 August 2012, Spassky left France to return to Russia under disputed circumstances. He now lives in an apartment in Moscow.

Spassky is the oldest living former world champion.


Bill Bailey

Mark Robert Bailey (born 13 January 1965), known professionally as Bill Bailey, is an English actor, comedian, musician and singer. He is known for being on television programmes "Bill Bailey's Birdwatching Bonanza", "Have I Got News for You", "Never Mind the Buzzcocks", "QI" and "Black Books".

In 2003, a newspaper called "The Observer" said that Bailey was "one of the 50 funniest acts in British comedy". In 2007, he was voted number seven on Channel 4's "Hundred Greatest Stand-ups".

<br>


Vladimir Kramnik

Vladimir Kramnik, born 25 June 1975, is a Russian chess grandmaster. He was Classical World Chess Champion from 2000 to 2006, and undisputed World Chess Champion from 2006 to 2007.

In October 2000, he defeated Garry Kasparov in a match played in London, and became the Classical World Chess Champion. In late 2004, Kramnik successfully defended his title against challenger Peter Leko in a drawn match played in Brissago, Switzerland.

In October 2006, Kramnik, the Classical World Champion, defeated reigning FIDE World Champion Veselin Topalov in a unification match. As a result, Kramnik became the first undisputed World Champion, since Garry Kasparov split from FIDE in 1993.

In 2007, Kramnik lost the title to Viswanathan Anand, who won the World Chess Championship tournament (not a classical match between the two players) ahead of Kramnik. He played Anand at the World Chess Championship match 2008, but lost.

Kramnik has been diagnosed with an uncommon form of arthritis, called ankylosing spondylitis. It causes him great physical discomfort while playing. In January 2006, Kramnik announced that he would skip the Corus Chess Tournament in Wijk aan Zee to seek out treatment for his arthritis. He returned from treatment in June 2006, playing in the 37th Chess Olympiad. He scored a +4 result, earning the highest performance rating (2847) of the 1307 participating players.

On 30 December 2006 he married French journalist Marie-Laure Germon. He has a daughter named Daria who was born 28 December 2008.

Leah Clark

Leah Clark (born December 20, 1979 in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is an American actress. She has provided many voices for Japanese anime series and video games. The roles she is most famous for are Coby in "One Piece", Blair in "Soul Eater", and Fuyuki in "Sgt. Frog"


Veselin Topalov

Veselin Topalov (Веселин Топалов, born 15 March 1975), is a Bulgarian chess grandmaster and former 'FIDE world chess champion'. This was a knock-out tournament of lower status than the classical world championship. 

Topalov became the FIDE champion in 2005. He lost his title in a classical match against Vladimir Kramnik, the purpose of which was to unify the titles. During the match, his manager accused his opponent of cheating. The match ended the division between world titles, which had arisen in 1993. Next, Topalov defeated Gata Kamsky in February 2009 in Sofia, Bulgaria to earn the right to be the challenger for the World Chess Championship in 2010. Topalov lost the World Championship match with Anand 5½–6½ in May 2010.

Topalov won the 2005 Chess Oscar. He was ranked #1 in the world from April 2006 to January 2007, and then had the second highest Elo rating of all time (2813). He regained the world #1 ranking again in October 2008, and officially remained #1 until January 2010, when he fell to #2 behind Magnus Carlsen. 

He has been ranked number one a total of 27 months in his career, the fourth longest, behind only Garry Kasparov, Anatoly Karpov, and Bobby Fischer.

Magnus Carlsen

Magnus Carlsen (born Sven Magnus Øen Carlsen, 30 November 1990) was the World Chess Champion (2013-2023). He became World Champion on 22 November 2013, by defeating Viswanathan Anand by 6½ to 3½. Carlsen also won the return match in 2014 by 6½4½. He also won the match against Sergey Karjakin in 2016, against Fabiano Caruana in 2018, and against Ian Nepomniachtchi in 2021.

A Norwegian chess grandmaster and chess prodigy, Carlsen is the highest rated player in the world, and the highest rated player in the history of chess. His peak rating of 2882 is higher than even Kasparov achieved. Kasparov's highest rating was 2851. 

On 26 April 2004, Carlsen became a grandmaster at the age of 13 years, 148 days. This made him the third-youngest grandmaster in history. He played at the Nanjing Pearl Spring tournament in September–October 2009. This lifted him to an Elo rating of 2801. This made him second in the world. He is the fifth player to have a rating over 2800. He was 18 years old when he got this rating. This made him the youngest person to have a rating above 2800. 

On 1 January 2010, the new FIDE rating list was published. He was 19 years and 32 days old when he became the youngest chess player in history to be ranked world number one. He broke the previous record held by Vladimir Kramnik.

In London, March 2013, Carlsen won the 2013 Candidates tournament and qualified to challenge Anand for the World Chess Championship.

Carlsen has won the World Championship matches in 2014, 2016, 2018 and 2021. In 2023, Magnus announced, that he would not take part in World chess Championship 2023. Ding Liren won. The coming of chess databases and strong chess-playing engines makes it difficult to compare his achievements with previous world champions. However, he is thought to be one of the best. 

A lawsuit against Carlsen, was rejected (2023) by the U.S. federal court system. Hans Niemann was the plaintiff.

When Carlsen became the fourth-best player in the world he reached an agreement with a public relations (PR) expert in early 2009. This arrangement has borne fruit. Carlsen now has two sponsors, each of which provides 100,000 Euros a year. One is a stockbroker, the other a law firm. With this money, Carlsen is able to travel, and spend time on training. His coach is Garry Kasparov, a former World chess champion.

In return for the sponsorship, Carlsen wears the names of the sponsors on his jackets. This is called 'logo exposure'. He attends meetings, and gives talks. His image helps the companies to hire 'high achievers' to their staff. Put simply, companies of that type are keen to hire intelligent people. Carlsen's overall business manager is his father, Henrik.

Norway held the 2014 Chess Olympiad, and the Norwegian Government gave 70 million kroner (~8.5 million euros) in support of the event.


Study

Study can mean:


Christopher Hitchens

Christopher Eric Hitchens (13 April 1949 – 15 December 2011) was an Anglo-American atheist, writer and debater. He wrote for various magazines including "The Nation", "Free Inquiry", "Slate", and others. He was a supporter of the philosophical movement humanism.

Hitchens was educated at Balliol College, Oxford. After graduation in 1970, he became a magazine writer. In 1982, he moved to Washington, D.C. In 1988, he learned from his grandmother that his mother was Jewish, but had kept her religion a secret. Hitchens remained an atheist and did not adopt any religious faith. He did not write about his religious views until his 2007 book "God Is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything."

Hitchens tried to write from first-hand experience. To write his essays, he braved gunfire in Sarajevo, he was jailed in Czechoslovakia, and in 2008, he was brutally beaten in Beirut, Lebanon. In 2009, Hitchens agreed to be waterboarded. He wrote in "Vanity Fair" magazine, "If waterboarding does not constitute torture then there is no such thing as torture".

Hitchens died of oesophageal cancer.



Sam Harris

Samuel Benjamin Harris (born April 9, 1967) is an American author. He is a philosopher, neuroscientist, atheist and humanist . He is the co-founder and CEO of Project Reason.

Harris, Christopher Hitchens, Richard Dawkins, and Daniel Dennett are commonly known as the "Four Horsemen of Atheism".

In 2014, Sam Harris appeared on Bill Maher’s show and criticized Islam so Ben Affleck accused him of racism and Harris ended up debating Cenk Uygur about what he had said. Sam Harris also caused controversy when he interviewed Charles Murray with Ezra Klein accusing him of racist pseudoscience for doing that so Harris debated Ezra Klein. Harris called himself part of the Intellectual Dark Web until 2020 when he said he was leaving because the Intellectual Dark Web had become too pro-Trump. In 2021, Harris was criticized by Dave Rubin and Bret Weinstein for saying he was grateful to Jack Dorsey for banning Donald Trump from Twitter.


Shepherd Express

Shepherd Express is an progressive weekly newspaper in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States. It is the third largest newspaper in the state of Wisconsin. Its original title was the "Crazy Shepherd", a name that comes from a line in poet Allen Ginsberg’s poem “Footnotes to Howl”.

Shepherd Express Website

Paranasal sinuses

Paranasal sinuses are parts of the nasal cavity. They are usually counted to be part of the respiratory system. They are mucous membranes, which are mostly inside bones. These bones are then filled with air, which makes the skull look bigger, without adding much extra weight. Prenasal cavities can be found in mammals, most birds, dinosaurs, and crocodilians.

Since sinuses are in virtually all land vertebrates, they must have a function. They are covered with a mucosa, epidermal cells which are moist and make mucus. This moistens and warms the air on its way into the lungs. The mucus also picks up particles which come in with the air. A variety of possible functions have been proposed:


Fishing lure

A fishing lure is an object used to catch fish. It is tied to the end of a fishing line. A fishing lure is made to look like something a fish would eat. They move in a special way and have certain colors. Lures have fishing hooks attached to them. 

They are usually used with a fishing rod. When a lure is used, it is cast, or thrown, out into the water and pulled back in. A good fisherman can cast the lure into places where the fish hide, like under logs.

There are many types of fishing lures. Most of them are made to look like dying, injured, or fast fish. They can be made of wood, plastic, rubber, metal, cork, feathers, animal hair, and other things. Some are shiny so that they catch the fish's attention.

Fishing lures can come in many different types such as a jig or a popper. A jig will usually have a weight attached to it so it can float at the right height. A popper is a lure used to attract trout and bass. A popper has a colorful design in the front to attract fish. Fishing lures can be very expensive as some are sold for thousands of dollars. 

The fishing lure was invented in 1890 by a man named James Heddon. He created the fishing lure by accident by taking a big piece of wood and carving a frog shape into it and taking the lure and attaching it to his line. Then he threw it in the water and immediately caught a bass. The next day he started a company called the Heddon Company and the era of the fishing lure was born. 


Batabanó, Cuba

Batabanó is a municipality and city in the La Habana Province of Cuba. It was founded in 1688. It is crossed by several rivers. In 2004, 25,664 people lived there.

Americans United for the Separation of Church and State

Americans United for the Separation of Church and State or "Americans United" for short, is an organization that says that the American government should be neutral on religion. It promotes what it believes is a strong reading of the Establishment clause of the U.S. Constitution. It is headquartered in Washington D.C. and is headed by the Reverend Barry Lynn. 


Bilby

The bilby (also known as the rabbit-eared bandicoot) is a rabbit-like marsupial. It lives in deserts, dry forests, dry grasslands, and dry shrubby areas in Australia. The bilby's pouch faces backwards. These big-eared, burrowing mammals were in danger of extinction, but now they are back living in New South Wales.

The bilby, like all bandicoots, is a nocturnal animal (most active at night). Digging with its strong, clawed feet, this solitary mammal excavates long, complex burrows. Its underground dens are up to 5 feet (1.5 m) long.

Bilbies have the usual long bandicoot muzzle and big ears. They are about long. Compared to bandicoots, they have a longer tail, bigger ears, and softer, silky fur. The size of their ears allows them to have better hearing, and to radiate heat. They are nocturnal omnivores that do not need to drink water. They get their moisture from food, which includes insects and their larvae, seeds, spiders, bulbs, fruit, fungi, and very small animals. Most food is found by digging or scratching in the soil, and by using their very long tongues.

Shakhriyar Mamedyarov

Shakhriyar Mamadyarov (born 12 April 1985 in Sumgayit, Azerbaijan), is a chess grandmaster. On the January 2008 FIDE rating list he reached number six in the world with a rating of 2760. He is known for being an excellent chess strategist.

State Farm Stadium

State Farm Stadium is a sports venue in Glendale, Arizona. It opened in 2006 as Cardinals Stadium, named for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League, which have played there since the stadium opened. Shortly after opening, the stadium was renamed University of Phoenix Stadium. This name was due to a corporate sponsorship contract; the University of Phoenix is a for-profit school without a sports program. In 2018, the Cardinals and State Farm Insurance entered into a new sponsorship deal, leading to the stadium's current name.
The stadium is completely covered, featuring a grass field that slides in and out of the stadium. This allows the playing surface to be exposed to sunlight when not in use, and also allows the stadium floor to be used for other events without risk of damaging the field.
The stadium has hosted many events apart from Cardinals games. The Super Bowl was held there in 2008, 2015, and 2023. Several college football games, including the annual Fiesta Bowl, have been played there, as have some high school games. It has also hosted several significant soccer (association football) matches, including several matches in the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup and Copa América Centenario in 2016. The stadium also hosted WrestleMania XXVI, and hosted the Final Four (semifinals and finals) of the NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament in 2017. It will host the Final Four again in 2024.


Yellowknife, Northwest Territories

Yellowknife (2011 population: 19,234) is a Canadian city. It is the capital of the Northwest Territories of Canada. It is located on the north shore of Great Slave Lake. The city used to be a mining town until the 1980's.

On August 16, 2023, the city of Yellowknife had to evacuate because of the growing wildfires near the area.


Footloose

Footloose is a 1984 American musical drama movie. It stars Kevin Bacon and was directed by Herbert Ross. Lori Singer, Dianne Wiest and John Lithgow are co-stars.

It was made into a musical on Broadway in 1999. A movie remake came out in 2011.

MJ Cole

MJ Cole (born Matthew James Firth Coleman, 9 August 1973) is a DJ. He has worked with Dido and Mariah Carey. He is from London, England. Cole attended the Royal College of Music. He is a garage singer. He has also worked with Fatboy Slim, De La Soul, Freq Nasty, and Ed Rush. He has done remixes for Kym Mazelle. His song "Sincere" made it onto Britain's Top 40.


Fishery

A fishery is a place for raising fish or harvesting fish. There are all kinds of fisheries in the world, like salmon fisheries. Fisheries might take fish from the wild or breed them.

Clematis vitalba

Old man’s beard (the scientific name is "Clematis vitalba") is a fast growing vine that covers and strangles trees and shrubs. To kill the tree or shrub, it covers them and does not let them get any light from the sun that it needs to grow.

2010 Chile earthquakes

2010 Chile earthquake may refer to:


Main Page

<templatestyles src="Wikipedia:Main Page/styles.css" />

__NOEDITSECTION__
Butter cake

Butter cake is a cake with butter as a main ingredient. 

The traditional English pound cake used equal parts of butter, flour, sugar, and eggs to produce a heavy, rich cake. This was the first butter cake. The invention of baking powder during the 19th century made it possible to have lighter, fluffier cakes using these same ingredients, making the modern butter cake. 

Butter cakes are often made by beating the butter and sugar until fluffy. This is called creaming. Eggs are added, then the other ingredients.
Butter cakes taste best when stored at room temperature, because they dry out and lose taste when refrigerated.

Baking powder

Baking powder is a dry chemical leavening agent used to make baked foods lighter and less dense. Baking powder works by making a reaction between an acid and a base. This produces carbon dioxide bubbles to make the mixture light. Baking powder was invented by the English chemist Alfred Bird (1811–1878) in 1843.

It is used when the food should not taste of yeast, or when the mixture is not elastic enough to hold bubbles for very long. But sometimes, it has a metallic taste. Because carbon dioxide is made faster by baking powder than yeast, breads made with it are called quick breads.

Most baking powders are made up of an alkaline (usually baking soda), one or two acid salts, and a starch (cornstarch or sometimes potato starch). Baking soda is where the carbon dioxide comes from, and the acid releases it, like this:

Bird was quickly followed by Henry Jones (1812 – 12 July 1891) who invented self-raising flour in 1845.

Battle royal (professional wrestling)

In professional wrestling, a battle royal (sometimes spelled battle royale; plural battles royal or battle royals) is a match type in which many wrestlers fight against each other at the same time and wrestlers are eliminated until only one is left. That person is then the winner. Usually a battle royal begin with 20 wrestlers in the ring, who are then eliminated by pushed out of the ring, over the top rope, and having both feet touch the floor out side the ring. A popular example of the battle royal is the Royal Rumble match that is put on yearly in January by World Wrestling Entertainment.

Team based battle royals consist of two or more teams of wrestlers, with the number of wrestlers on each team usually being equal. There are different types of such matches:

Numbat

The numbat ("Myrmecobius fasciatus") is a marsupial from open woodlands in western Australia. It is also called the banded anteater, because it eats termites.

It is unusual in being one of the few diurnal (daytime) marsupials. It has no pouch, but the mother carries round her four young on her stomach. At night, they take shelter in hollow logs. The numbat has a life span of 5–6 years under human care.

These solitary, long-tailed termite-eaters are in danger of extinction; very few remain in the wild. When Europeans arrived, the numbat was found across the New South Wales and Victorian borders west to the Indian Ocean, and as far north as the southwest corner of the Northern Territory. It was at home in a wide range of woodland and semiarid habitats.

The deliberate release of the European red fox in the 19th century wiped out the entire numbat population in Victoria, NSW, South Australia and the Northern Territory, and almost all numbats in Western Australia, as well. By the late 1970s, the population was well under 1,000 individuals, concentrated in two small areas far from Perth, Dryandra, and Perup.
The numbat is the emblem of Western Australia.

Haber process

The Haber process or the Haber-Bosch process is a chemical reaction that uses nitrogen gas and hydrogen gas to create the chemical compound ammonia. The Haber process uses temperatures ranging from 400°C to 450°C under a pressure of 200 atm. The Haber process uses a catalyst mostly made up of iron.

The Haber process is named after the German scientist . Haber was the first person to successfully complete the process. In 1909, Haber's process could produce about one cup of ammonia every two hours. Carl Bosch helped to develop the Haber process for industry. In 1913, the German company BASF started using the Haber process to make ammonia. During World War I, the Haber process was used to make explosives. The Germans kept this a secret until after the war. In 1918, Haber won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, and in 1931, Bosch also shared a Nobel Prize.

The Haber process is still important today because it produces ammonia, which is needed for fertilizer and for many other purposes. The Haber process produces about 500 million tons (453 billion kilograms) of fertilizer every year. This fertilizer helps to feed about 40% of the world's population.

The gases for the Haber process must be prepared before changing them into ammonia. After that is done, ammonia is created by using magnetite (iron oxide) as the catalyst:

In this process, only about 15% of the nitrogen and hydrogen is changed into ammonia. However, the unused nitrogen and hydrogen is recycled. Overall, 98% of nitrogen and hydrogen can be changed into ammonia.

Stockholm syndrome

Stockholm syndrome is something that sometimes happens to people who are victims of kidnapping. In Stockholm syndrome, the victim starts feeling loyalty toward the person who kidnapped him or her and even start to have feelings for the person. It got its name from a bank robbery in Norrmalmstorg in Stockholm, Sweden in 1973. There was a bank robbery where two thieves held four people as hostages. After the thieves were arrested, the hostages defended them publicly. 

Carl Edwards

Carl Michael Edwards, ‘’’ (born september 08, 1983) Loves Anj Banner (Born 6th November 1994) and it is known Globally!!American racecar driver who most recently drove the No. 19 Toyota Camry in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series for Joe Gibbs Racing. In the past, Edwards drove the #99 Aflac Ford Fusion for Roush Fenway Racing. Edwards was the 2007 Nationwide series Champion. In January 2017, Edwards announced that he would not race during the 2017 season. Edwards says he wants to enjoy time away from racing, doing other activities that he enjoys and spending time with his family. He has said he is not retired, and that he may race again. 

2010 Pichilemu earthquakes

A 6.9 earthquake occurred on March 11, 2010, 40 kilometers southwest of Pichilemu, O'Higgins Region, Chile . A tsunami warning was made by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center Pacific-wide, although they warned of the possibility of local tsunamis within 100 kilometers of the epicenter (between San Antonio and Concepción).

Although news media first reported the earthquake as an aftershock of the February earthquake, the initial geological summary given by the United States Geological Survey said it was a different earthquake. Though unchained by the regional stress caused by the February 27 earthquake, the March event was not a fast adjustment to February's thrust fault rupture between the Nazca and South American plates, but it was caused by normal faulting inside one of those plates. However, it has not been positively decided in which plate the earthquake occurred.

Within 6 hours, 10 aftershocks took place, of these 2 were of magnitude 6 or greater and 7 between magnitude 5 and 6.

The earthquake took place shortly before the new president, Sebastián Piñera, was sworn in, at about 12:15 PM local time (15:15 UTC), at the Chilean congress in Valparaíso, where the shaking was clearly felt. The presidents of Bolivia, Paraguay, and Ecuador were present when the earthquake occurred, however, the television footage showed that the inauguration was not interrupted.

Damage reported by the Chilean news media include a collapsed pedestrian crossing over Chile Highway 5, north of Rancagua. The most affected place by the earthquake was Pichilemu, the epicentre of the earthquake. It destroyed the Ross Park, most of the Agustín Ross Cultural Centre and many houses in Espinillo and Rodeillo.

The May, 2 2010 Pichilemu earthquake was a magnitude 6.0 M earthquake that struck off Pichilemu, Chile, at 10:52 AM on May 2, 2010 at the epicenter, at a depth of . USGS described the epicenter as south-southwest of San Antonio, west Regional capital of Rancagua, northwest of Curicó and southwest of the Chilean capital of Santiago.

After almost exactly three hours later a second quake happens in the same area with an intensity of 4.8 M

More than 10 aftershocks happened on May 2 and 3.


Levon Aronian

Levon Aronian, born 6 October 1982 in Yerevan, is an Armenian chess Grandmaster. He is Armenia's #1 player. 

Aronian won the Chess World Cup 2005. He led the Armenian national team to the gold medals in the 37th Chess Olympiad, Turin 2006, the 38th Olympiad, Dresden 2008, and the World Team Chess Championship in Ningbo, 2011. In the Chess Olympiad 2010 at Khanty-Mansiysk he won the silver medal for his individual performance on board one.

He won the FIDE Grand Prix 2008–2010, qualifying him for the Candidates tournament for the World Chess Championship 2012, where he was knocked out in the first round. 

Aronian has had a string of outstanding tournament results since reaching the top with a joint win at Wijk aan Zee 2008. His latest, and perhaps greatest victory was in January 2012, at the same Tata Steel Chess Tournament in Wijk aan Zee. The field included world #1 Magnus Carlsen, defending champion Hikaru Nakamura, and former world champion Veselin Topalov, among others. The average rating of the field was 2755, making this thirteen-round event a category 21 tournament. After twelve rounds, Aronian was in clear first place with 8.5 points going into the final round, one point ahead of Carlsen and Teimour Radjabov. In the final round, Aronian drew against Radjabov with the white pieces in the King's Indian Defence. With the draw, Aronian finished with 9/13 (+5), a tournament performance rating of 2891. He took clear first place a point ahead of Carlsen, Radjabov and Fabiano Caruana.

Aronian was declared the best sportsman of Armenia in 2005, and was awarded the title of "Honoured Master of Sport of the Republic of Armenia" in 2009.

Alexander Grischuk

Alexander Grischuk (born Moscow, 31 October 1983) is a chess grandmaster, one of the top Russian players. 

In the FIDE World Chess Championship 2000 he made it to the semi finals. 
In the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004 he made it to the quarter finals, where he lost 3–1 to Rustam Kasimdzhanov. 

Grischuk is also one of the best blitz chess players in the world, having once held the record for highest rating achieved on the Internet Chess Club. In 2006 he won the World Blitz Championship in Israel.

Grischuk is married to the Ukrainian WGM Natalia Zhukova. 

Peter Svidler

Peter Svidler, born 17 June 1976 in Leningrad, is a Russian chess Grandmaster, and six times Russian chess champion.

Peter Svidler learned to play chess when he was six years old. In 1992, he tied for 1st with Ragim Gasimov in the USSR Junior Open Chess Championship. He became a grandmaster in 1994. 

He has been Russian champion six times (1994, 1995, 1997, 2003, 2008, 2011). This is a record for this high-class event, which has a long history. In 2001, he reached the semi-finals of the FIDE World Championship.

He came second (with Viswanathan Anand) in the FIDE World Chess Championship 2005 in San Luis with 8.5 points out of 14 games, lagging 1.5 points behind the winner, Veselin Topalov. In an interview given for World Chess Network he said: "I only prepared seriously for San Luis, and I think it has paid off. But in general I spend most of my spare time with my wife and kids, so my relative success in 2005 was a pleasant surprise". His San Luis result earned him direct entry to the World Chess Championship series of 2007. In that tournament he scored 6.5 out of 14, placing 5th out of eight players.

In 2006 he came second behind Alexander Grischuk at the World Blitz Championship in Rishon Lezion, Israel, with 10.5 points out of 15 games. He also finished tied for first with Vladimir Kramnik at Dortmund 2006.

Svidler has won the FIDE 2011 World Cup in Khanty-Mansisyk Siberia. The final was in September.

Svidler took the $120,000 first prize after beating his fellow countryman, Alexander Grischuk 2.5-1.5, in the best-of-four game final. It was a crushing psychological win for Svidler, who took adantage of his opponent's bad time-management. Svidler steered the games into lines that had Grischuk thinking from the very early stages. 

Svidler has now become the first Russian to win the World Cup title. His back-to-back major title wins of the Russian Championship followed by the World Cup has Svidler once again into the world’s top ten. 

Both Svidler and Grischuk also earned qualification for the 2012 World Championship Candidates tournament. And in the all-Ukrainian battle for the third Candidates spot, Vassily Ivanchuk won 2.5-1.5 against Ruslan Ponomariov.

Renaissance man

The term Renaissance man or polymath is used for a very clever man who is good at many different things. It is named after the Renaissance period of history (from the 14th century to the 16th or 17th century in Europe). Two of the best-known people from this time were Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo. Leonardo was a famous painter but he was also a scientist, philosopher, engineer, and mathematician. Michelangelo was an extraordinary sculptor, painter, architect and poet. They are known as two of the highest examples of what a Renaissance man is.

But the term "Renaissance man" is also often used for extraordinary people not from the Renaissance period. It can be used for anyone who is very clever at many different things, no matter when that person lived. Albert Schweitzer was a 20th century "Renaissance man" who was a theologian, musician, philosopher and doctor. Benjamin Franklin was a "Renaissance man" who lived in the 18th century and was an author and printer, politician, scientist, inventor and soldier.

 () was the original concept of the Renaissance man. It was an ideal of the Italian Renaissance. One example is the saying by Leone Battista Alberti that "a man can do all things if he will". Many Renaissance men from this time are still famous today:






Hurricane Vince

Hurricane Vince was an unusual hurricane that began in the northeast Atlantic Ocean. It was part of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. The waters where it formed were thought to be too cold for tropical cyclones to exist. Vince was the 20th named storm and 12th hurricane of the season.

The storm that became Vince started out as an extratropical cyclone. It became a subtropical storm on October 8 to the southeast of the Azores. The National Hurricane Center (NHC) did not officially give the storm a name until the next day. Vince grew into a hurricane before beginning to weaken at sea. On October 11, it made landfall on the Iberian Peninsula in Spain. At that time, it was a tropical depression. It may have been the first storm to hit the area since a hurricane in 1842. Vince died out over Spain. However, it did drop rain on the country. What was left of the storm passed into the Mediterranean Sea. Vince was one of only three storms to do so, alongside the 1842 Spanish hurricane and Subtropical Storm Alpha of 2020.

On October 5, a storm now known as the 2005 Azores subtropical storm was absorbed by another low pressure area. It then began to develop and become more organized. It became a subtropical cyclone early on October 8. The storm was 580 miles (930 km) southeast of Lajes in the Azores. The National Hurricane Center (NHC) did not name the system Vince at the time, because the waters here were thought to be too cold for tropical or subtropical cyclones to exist. The storm slowly became more tropical, with a warm center. It became a tropical storm the next day in water cooler than 24 °C (75 °F), colder than the 26.5 °C (80 °F) usually needed for tropical storms.

After becoming a tropical storm, it had an eye, a clear opening at the center of the storm. The NHC named it Tropical Storm Vince, but at the time, it was not known whether Vince was tropical or subtropical. A later analysis of the storm found that Vince became tropical before it was given a name. The storm's eye became more settled and had a diameter of 15 mi (25 km). The storm also became stronger; it reached its highest force on October 9. At the time, it had wind speeds of 75 mph (120 km/h), a very weak Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. One NHC weather forecaster said that "if it looks like a hurricane, it probably is, despite its environment and unusual location".

Hurricane Vince quickly began to weaken because wind shear began to erode it. Vince weakened to a tropical storm. A type of weather system called a trough moved towards Vince from the northwest It pulled thunderstorms related to Vince away from the storm, and its center quickly moved to the east. On October 10, two short bursts of thunderstorms surprised forecasters. However, because the water was so cold, the storm kept weakening. Vince became weaker as it came closer to the Iberian Peninsula. It became a tropical depression on October 11. This was just before it made its landfall in Huelva, Spain. The fast-moving tropical depression quickly died out over land. What was left of the cyclone moved across southern Spain. It moved into the Mediterranean Sea south of Alicante early on October 12.

The Spanish Center for Emergency Coordination declared a rain pre-emergency for the province of Castellón. They were afraid that Hurricane Vince would bring rains which would flood the area. The Instituto Nacional de Meteorología (INM) issued a bulletin. It warned of a 40% chance of flooding. Four autonomous regions (Asturias, Cataluña, Castile and León and Galicia) issued flood warnings. Canarias issued a wind warning. Fishing fleets from Spain off the Andalusian coast went back to port. They were hit by the storm while anchored. The storm did not hit them in the open ocean.

Spain had been fighting a record drought that year. They welcomed the rains brought by Vince's remnants. In two days the storm brought a lot of rain to the province of A Coruña. This eased the sinking water levels in the reservoirs. But this also caused bad traffic and small floods. In Cordoba province, the A-303, A-306 and OC-293 roads were slightly flooded. The entrance of the University of A Coruña was blocked for some time. It was blocked by flood waters on October 11. A nearby roundabout was submerged. There were limited damages. No one died in the storm. The highest winds reported on land were 48 mph (77 km/h). These winds were reported at Jerez, Spain. 
Some ships reported stronger winds. The rainfall as a result of the hurricane was like normal rains from temperate systems. Only one to two inches (25 to 50 mm) of rain fell. Using the words of a song in the movie "My Fair Lady", National Hurricane Center forecaster James Franklin in the Tropical Cyclone Report for Vince wrote, "the rain in Spain was mainly less than 2 inches, although 3.30 inches (84 mm) fell in the plain at Cordoba."

Hurricane Vince began in an odd place, an area where tropical cyclones do not usually originate from. However, it does not hold any important records. Tropical Storm Alberto of the 1988 season formed farther north than any other storm, at 41.5° N. Also, Hurricane Ginger of the 1967 season formed at 18.1° W, the farthest east of any tropical cyclones. Hurricane Vince became a "hurricane" further east than any known storm, at 18.9° W, prior to 2019’s Hurricane Pablo, at 18.8°W. A tropical storm becomes a hurricane when wind speeds grow higher than .

The National Hurricane Center said that Vince was the first tropical cyclone known to hit the Iberian Peninsula. However, some documents claim that the 1842 Spain hurricane struck the Iberian Peninsula on October 29, 1842. That hurricane may have been stronger. More recently, Tropical Storm Grace formed farther north than Vince.

When Subtropical Storm Vince began on October 8, it was earliest in a season that the twenty-first tropical or subtropical storm formed. It was 38 days ahead of the record before that, which was set by Tropical Storm 21 of the 1933 season. Because Vince did not cause bad damage, the World Meteorological Organization did not retire (stop using) the name "Vince". It will be on the list of names for the 2011 season.


Life insurance

Life insurance is money for your family to use to pay your bills and death expenses when you die. A person must be healthy to purchase a life insurance policy. The amount of life insurance needed depends on the person’s family’s needs when they die. Some things to consider when purchasing a life insurance policy are, marital status, the number of dependents, (wife, kids, etc.) family size, income, and wealth. Life insurance has different types of policies.


Polytetrafluoroethylene

In chemistry, Polytetrafluoroethylene (often shortened to PTFE) is a polymer of tetrafluoroethylene. It is a fluoropolymer, because the polymerization is based on strong covalent bonds of fluorine and carbon. Polytetrafluoroethylene is not very reactive. It also repels oil and water. E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company developed it in 1938.

It is better known by its trade-names, "Teflon" and "Gore-Tex". Teflon is a coating for frying pans, among others. Gore-Tex is stretched PTFE, used as a membrane in clothing.

Perfluorooctanoic acid was formerly used to produce Polytetrafluoroethylene. It is very toxic for people and may cause cancer. In the 2010s it was replaced with other chemicals. 

The precursors for many chemical weapons are highly corrosive, so their containers are often treated with Polytetrafluoroethylene. For this reason, the export of Polytetrafluoroethylene from the European Union may need a special permit. 

Teflon (disambiguation)

Teflon is a trade name, which is used for the following polymers:


Mannerism

Mannerism is a style of art that was created in the Late Renaissance period, from about 1520 until about 1600. The Mannerist style of painting or sculpture often shows figures that are "elongated" (made longer) and "distorted" (made into strange shapes"). The aim of the Mannerist artist was usually to make art that looked "elegant".

The Mannerist style began in Italy, where the artists were influenced by the figures that Michelangelo painted on the ceiling and in the "Last Judgement" in the Sistine Chapel. During the Renaissance, artists like Leonardo da Vinci and Raphael had tried very hard to learn from nature, and to paint things in a way that was very realistic. These two famous painters both died around 1520. Many artists then decided that they were going to use the art of painting to "express themselves". They were not going to follow the rules of anatomy and perspective in the way that Leonardo and Raphael did. Mannerist paintings are often full of figures that seem to be twisting, writhing or fighting. The faces of the figures often show strong emotions such as sadness, fear, hatred or sexual feelings.

Not all the painters who were working during the Mannerist period painted in the Mannerist style. Many artists continued to work in the style of the High Renaissance. Painters in the Mannerist style were Tintoretto, Jacopo Pontormo, Agnolo Bronzino, Parmigianino and Rosso Fiorentino. Giambologna and Benvenuti Cellini were Mannerist sculptors. Giulio Romano was a Mannerist architect.

Mannerism spread from Italy to France, Germany and Spain. One of the most famous Mannerist painters was El Greco who worked in Spain. Some other artists who worked in the Mannerist style are the French sculptor Jean Goujon, the Dutch painter Abraham Bloemaert and the German painter Bartolomeus Spranger. Possibly the strangest paintings from this time were by Giuseppe Arcimboldo who did pictures in which people's faces seem to be made from fruit, flowers, fire and even fish.

Copa do Brasil

Copa do Brasil is a Brazilian football competition. It is a knockout competition played by 87 teams.

Tricolour

Tricolor or tricolour (meaning "three colours") is, in most cases, a flag or banner that has three colours. Tricolour is a specific type of a flag with three stripes. The stripes can be horizontal (across), vertical (up and down) or diagonal (neither up and down nor across).

Palombia

Palombia is a fictional country in the Belgian comic "Spirou and Fantasio". In the world of the comic, Palombia is found between Paraguay and Colombia. Its name is a portmanteau of both countries.

Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters

Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters is an 2007 animated movie based on the Adult Swim program "Aqua Teen Hunger Force". The movie is rated R for crude and sexual humor, violent images, and language. The movie was written and directed by the show's creators Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro.

The Aqua Teens, Carl, the Plutonians, the Cybernetic Ghost, Dr. Weird, and the Mooninites are all after the exercise machine called the Insanenoflex. Carl goes on it and gets stuck, so the Aqua Teens try to stop it with music. The plan works, but the Aqua Teens realize that the world is still in danger, and then they set out to find more about themselves. Later on the Aqua Teens find out how they were created by Dr. Weird. Also they learn that there was a fourth Aqua Teen called Chicken Bittle. Finally they learn that their father turns out to be a watermelon whose accomplice is Neil Peart of the band Rush and that their mother is a 9-layer burrito.

A script for a sequel entitled "Death Fighter" has been written. The project was scrapped and never produced. Co-creator Dave Willis has stated he would be open to using Kickstarter to fund the project in the future.

Banner

A banner is a flag or other piece of cloth with a symbol, logo, slogan or other message. Sometimes, churches use banners to evangelize people.

Ray Romano

Ray Romano (born December 21, 1957) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and screenwriter. He is best known as the star of the television series "Everybody Loves Raymond". He acted in that series with Patricia Heaton.


Dave Willis

David Christopher "Dave" Willis (born May 1, 1970) is an American voice actor, writer, and producer. He is best known for his work on the Adult Swim programs "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" and "Squidbillies".

His first job was on the show "". There he met Matt Maiellaro. He and Maiellaro later made "Aqua Teen Hunger Force".

Johnny Clegg

Jonathan "Johnny" Clegg (7 June 1953 – 16 July 2019) was a British-born musician from South Africa. He was in the bands Juluka and Savuka.

Juluka were able to tour in Europe. They had two platinum and five gold albums. They were an international success. The Savuka album "Shadow Man" sold 250,000 copies within a week after its release. It sold more than 1,000,000 copies in France alone.

His song "Scatterlings of Africa" was on the soundtrack to the 1988 Oscar winning movie "Rain Man". This song is his only entry in the UK Singles Chart to date. It reached #75 in May 1987. He also did music for the movie "The Lion King 1½", "George of the Jungle" and "Opportunity Knocks". 

Clegg was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2015. He retired in 2017. Clegg died on 16 July 2019 at his home in Johannesburg from the disease at the age of 66.


Kick-Ass

Kick-Ass is a comicbook and movie about superheroes. The movie opened in theatres in the United Kingdom 26 March 2010 and 16 April 2010 in the United States.

The movie and comic tell the story of a teenager called Dave Lizewski. Lizewski is an average teenager who wonders why nobody in real life has ever decided to become a superhero like the ones in the comic books. He decides to become a real-life superhero despite having no special power or ability of any kind. He purchases a suit on the Internet and calls himself Kick-Ass.

Boeing 707

The Boeing 707 is a jet airliner. It was made by Boeing Commercial Airplanes from 1958 until 1979. It only has two rows of seats, which means it is a narrow-body plane. It also has four engines. The name is often said as "Seven Oh Seven". There are many different types of 707, and they can hold from 140 to 189 passengers. They can also fly from .

The Boeing 707 was Boeing's first jet airliner. It was the most common plane in the 1960s and it was still used a lot during the 1970s. The 707 was the first jet to have a lot of passengers fly on it. The 707 was not the first jet airliner, but it was the first one to make a lot of money. It made Boeing one of the biggest makers of airliners. It also started the group of planes with "7x7" names. The Boeing 727, Boeing 737 and Boeing 757 have some parts of the 707's design.

The 707's design came from the Boeing 367-80, which was a prototype jet. The very first 707, the 707-120, had Pratt & Whitney JT3C turbojet engines. Pan American World Airways started using the 707 on October 26, 1958. Other types of 707 are the 707-138 and the 707-320. Both of these started being used in 1959. A smaller version, the Boeing 720, was made in 1960. The 707-420 had Rolls-Royce Conway 508 turbofan engines. It was made in 1960.

The 707 has been used for many different types of flights. Versions of the 707 used by militaries are the E-3 Sentry, KC-135 Stratotanker, and the C-137 Stratoliner. Boeing made 1,011 707s (including the 720). More than 800 military planes were made. In August 2011, 10 707s were being used by airlines.
By August 2012, there were only two.

During World War II, and after it, Boeing was known for its military planes. Boeing had made very important bombers, like the propeller B-17 Flying Fortress and B-29 Superfortress and the jet B-47 Stratojet and B-52 Stratofortress. However, Douglas and other companies were far ahead of Boeing in the airliner market. The only successful airliners Boeing made before the 707 were the Boeing 314 Clipper and Boeing 307 Stratoliner. During 1949–1950, Boeing started looking at jets. Back then, aerial refueling (when a plane can get more fuel while flying) was being used a lot. The United States Air Force had ordered 800 KC-135 Stratotankers. Since planes were beginning to use jet engines, the USAF needed a jet tanker.

Boeing looked at many wing designs and engines for the new tanker. Eventually, it chose the 367–80. The "Dash 80" took less than two years to make. It first took off on July 15, 1954. It had Pratt & Whitney JT3C engines.

Nobody knew if the 707 would make money. Back then, Boeing was making almost all of its money from military planes. The last airliner it made, the Boeing 377 Stratocruiser, lost the company $15 million before the United States Air Force bought some and called them the KC-135 Stratotanker. In a demonstration flight over Lake Washington outside of Seattle, on August 7, 1955, test pilot Tex Johnston performed a barrel roll in the 367-80 prototype.

The Dash 80 was wide. This meant that it was wide enough to have two seats on each side of the plane. Boeing decided to make it wide. However, Douglas had made the DC-8, which was wide. Because of this, Boeing made the 707 wider again, so it was wide.

The first flight of the 707 happened on December 20, 1957. The FAA allowed it to fly on September 18, 1958.

The very first type of 707 was the 707-120. Qantas ordered a shorter version, which was called the 707-138. The -138 could fly for as long as Qantas needed. Braniff International Airways ordered a version with Pratt & Whitney JT4A engines. This version was called the 707-220.

Even though the 707 should have had turbojet engines, the Pratt & Whitney JT3D was used the most. The JT3D was a turbofan engine.

The last type of 707 was the 707-320C (C means "Convertible"). It had a big door for cargo. It also had a better wing.

Boeing stopped making passenger 707s in 1978. 1,010 707s were made for airlines, but a lot of these went to militaries. Boeing made military 707s until 1991.

The 707's wings are swept back at 35 degrees. This means that the wings are not straight lines. Boeing made a yaw damper for swept-wing planes, which was needed because swept-wing planes move strangely if there is not a yaw damper.

On one flight, the yaw damper was switched off to give the new pilots some more experience with the plane. One pilot made a bad move, and the plane went out of control. Three of the engines were ripped off of the wing. The plane crashed near Seattle at Arlington, Washington. Four people on board died.

In his autobiography, Tex Johnston said he was flying on a 707 and he thought that there was something wrong with the yaw damper, because the plane was moving strangely. He went to the cockpit and helped fix the plane.

The 707 used air from the engines to pressurize the cabin.

The P&W JT3D-3B engines have special doors which open when the plane is taking off. The doors help to give more air to the engines. The doors close when the plane is in the air.

Pratt & Whitney decided to make the JT8D-219 the new engines for planes made from the Boeing 707. A lot of these are for military planes which were designed from the Boeing 707.

The first orders for the 707 happened on October 13, 1955. Pan Am ordered 20 707s. There was a lot of competition between the 707 and the Douglas DC-8. A lot of big airlines only used the DC-8. Boeing decided to make some more changes to the 707's wing so that it could fly further. The new version was called the 707-320.

Pan Am was the first airline that used the 707. The plane's first flight was from New York to Paris on October 26, 1958. It stopped for fuel in Gander, Newfoundland. Qantas was the first airline from outside the United States to use the 707.

The 707 became a very popular jet airliner. It helped air travel grow a lot. Air traffic control was also upgraded.

At the end of the 1960s, the 707 was too small to fly all the passengers that wanted to fly. Boeing made the Boeing 747 because of this. The 707's engines were also too old.

During the Falklands War the Argentine Air Force used 707s to patrol. Some of them were caught by Royal Navy Sea Harriers.

Trans World Airlines was the last U.S. airline to fly passengers on a 707. The flight happened on October 30, 1983.

The last Boeing 707 that was used to fly people was in Saha Airlines from Iran until the year 2013.

Most 707s are now private jets or cargo planes.

What the Boeing 720 was first called. American Airlines always called its 720s 707s.

The "707-120" was the first type of 707. The plane could hold 179 passengers. This type often had to stop for fuel in the North Atlantic. It had four Pratt & Whitney JT3C-6 turbojets. The first flight with passengers was on October 26, 1958. 56 were built, plus 7 short body −138s; the last −120 was delivered to Western in May 1960.

The "707-138" was a −120 which was ten feet shorter than the others. It could also fly further.
The "707-120B" had Pratt & Whitney JT3D-1 turbofan engines. They were a lot better than the others. The −120B had some changes made to the wings. 72 were made.

The "707-220" had more powerful Pratt & Whitney JT4A-3 turbojet engines. Five of these were made, but only four were delivered. The first one began being used in December 1959.

The "707-320 Intercontinental" is a longer version of the 707-120. This type could hold more passengers, and had some changes made to the wings. It first took off on January 11, 1958.

The 707-420 was the same as the −320, but it had Rolls-Royce Conway 508 engines. Lufthansa was the first to carry passengers on this type of plane in March 1960.

The "707-320B" had a few changes made to the outside of the plane, as well as new engines. The wing was changed. This plane was first used in June 1962 by Pan Am.

The "707-320C" could be changed from a passenger plane into a cargo plane. More 707-320Cs were made than any other type. The 707-320C had a cargo door added, as well as some other changes to the wing and the floor.

Many militaries have used the 707 for many different things.

The Boeing E-3 Sentry is a U.S. military airborne warning and control system (AWACS) aircraft. It has some of the Boeing 707's design.

The Canadian Forces also used Boeing 707s. These were called the CC-137 Husky (707-347C) from 1972 to 1997.

"The Original Boeing 717 (commonly confused with Boeing 717/MD-95)" was what Boeing called the C-135 Stratolifter and KC-135 Stratotanker. The McDonnell Douglas MD-95's name was changed to Boeing 717 after Boeing bought McDonnell Douglas.

In the 1980s, the USAF bought 250 used 707s for parts for the KC-135E Stratotanker.

707s are not used anymore by big airlines. However, as of December 2012, 10 707s were being used. John Travolta owns a 707-138B.

As of May 2011, the 707 has had 170 hull-loss accidents. 2,739 people have died in Boeing 707 accidents. A hull-loss accident is when the plane is damaged so much that it cannot be fixed.

Sources:


Fischer-Tropsch process

The Fischer–Tropsch process (or Fischer–Tropsch Synthesis or F-T) is a set of chemical reactions that changes a mixture of carbon monoxide gas and hydrogen gas into liquid hydrocarbons (like gasoline or kerosene).

The Fischer–Tropsch process involves many kinds of reactions, which lead to both wanted and unwanted results. The desirable reactions create chemicals called alkanes. Sometimes the gas methane (natural gas) is produced, which is generally undesirable. Sometimes, different kinds of alcohol are produced in small amounts.

Many steps are required to make the gases needed for the F-T process. For example, all chemicals entering the reactor must have all sulfur removed. For factories that start out with methane and want to make a liquid hydrocarbon (like kerosene), another important reaction is "steam reforming", which turns the methane into CO (carbon monoxide) and H (hydrogen gas).
This is the chemical equation for how steam reforming works. 

The reaction above describes one molecule of HO (steam) plus one molecule of CH (methane) converts into one molecule of CO (carbon monoxide) and three molecules of H (hydrogen gas).

A catalyst is a substance added to change the rate of a chemical reaction, generally to make it faster. Many different catalysts can be used for the Fischer–Tropsch process. The most common catalysts are the metals cobalt, iron, and ruthenium. These metals are all transition metals. The metal nickel can also be used, but generally with unwanted results. A nickel catalyst in the reaction usually produces a lot of methane, which is undesirable.

Cobalt seems to be the most active catalyst (it has the greatest and fastest effect on the process). When the input is a natural gas, cobalt catalysts are very good for the Fischer-Tropsch process. Iron catalysts are better when the input gas is of lower quality (less pure) such as coal or biomass. 

Most metals used for this process (like cobalt, nickel, and ruthenium) remain in their metal form when added to the process. However, iron catalysts behave very differently. Often, iron catalysts change form and chemical phase, like converting into various oxides and carbides during the reaction. It is important to control all of the iron reactions during the process, or else the process may not work correctly.

Fischer-Tropsch catalysts are famous for being extremely sensitive to the addition of sulfur. Even a tiny amount of sulfur can have an undesirable impact on the reaction. Cobalt catalysis is more sensitive to sulfur than iron.

High-Temperature Fischer-Tropsch (or HTFT) is performed at temperatures of 330°C-350°C. HTFT uses an iron-based catalyst. Sasol used HTFT in Coal-to-Liquid plants (CTL). Low-Temperature Fischer-Tropsch (LTFT) is performed at lower temperatures and uses a cobalt-based catalyst. Shell used LTFT in an integrated Gas-to-Liquid (GTL) plant in Bintulu, Malaysia.

Some F-T factories use coal, biomass or other solid compounds as a starting point. Before these factories can begin the F-T process, they must turn the solids into gases such as CO, H, and alkanes. Changing solid chemical compounds into gas is called gasification. The gas collected from coal gasification often has a CO/H ratio of ~0.7 instead of the optimal ratio of ~2. This ratio can be adjusted from 0.7 to 2.0 using the water-gas shift reaction. Gasification is a dirty and expensive process. Coal-based Fischer–Tropsch factories start out with coal, gasify the coal, and then use the resulting gas as feed stock for the Fischer-Tropsch process. These factories can produce large volumes of CO in this way. One of the main reasons for this approach is the large amounts of energy required for a coal-based gasification process.

The original process was invented by Franz Fischer and Hans Tropsch while working at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in the 1920s. Since then, many improvements have been made. The term "Fischer-Tropsch" now is used for many similar processes. Fischer and Tropsch submitted several patents, like US patent no. 1,746,464, applied for in 1926, and published in 1930. It was given to the factories in Germany in 1936. Germany had an abundance of coal but very little petroleum. The F-T process enables the conversion of coal into gasoline, which is important for gasoline-based transport like cars, airplanes, and trucks. As a result, during World War II, the F-T process enabled Nazi Germany and Japan to produce substitute fuels for tanks and cars. F-T fuel production made up about 9% of German wartime fuel production and 25% of the automobile fuel.

The United States Bureau of Mines ran a program started by the Synthetic Liquid Fuels Act. The Bureau hired seven fuel scientists from Operation Paperclip to work in a Fischer-Tropsch plant in Louisiana, Missouri in 1946. Operation Paperclip was a project to recruit German scientists to work for the US after World War II.

The F-T process has been used by many large companies, however the process is unpopular for many reasons. F-T factory equipment is expensive, and has high operating and maintenance costs. Also, petroleum, which competes with F-T products, has very unpredictable prices. Usually, factories are only profitable when they have access to "stranded gas". "Stranded gas" is the name for sources of natural gas very far from major cities that are too expensive to pump to consumers. If the natural gas could be pumped to these cities and sold directly to consumers, it would be much more profitable. Therefore, several companies are developing processes to enable practical exploitation of so-called stranded gas reserves.

The largest F-T factories with the largest application of F-T technology are owned and operated by the company Sasol in South Africa. South Africa is a country with large coal reserves but not enough oil to meet demand. Germany is in a similar situation. Sasol employs coal and natural gas in the F-T Process. They produce many different substitutes for oil products, and produce most of the country's diesel fuel.

One of the largest uses of F-T technology is in Bintulu, Malaysia. This Shell factory turns natural gas into low-sulfur diesel fuels and food-grade wax. They produce approximately 12,000 barrels/day.

In October 2006, Finnish paper and pulp manufacturer UPM announced its plans to produce biodiesel using the Fischer–Tropsch process. It said that it will do this along with the manufacturing processes at its European paper and pulp plants. It will use waste biomass from paper and pulp manufacturing as raw material for biodiesel.

In 2009, chemists working for the U.S. Navy studied Fischer-Tropsch for making fuels with hydrogen from electrolyzed seawater. With the usually optimal cobalt catalyst, this study produced mostly methane gas. Use of an iron catalyst, however, resulted in only 30% methane in the product; the rest consisted of short-chain hydrocarbons. Further refining of the hydrocarbons produced could lead to the creation of kerosene-based jet fuel.

The abundance of CO2 makes seawater look like a good alternative fuel source. Scientists at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory said that, "although the gas forms only a small proportion of air – around 0.04 per cent – ocean water contains about 140 times that concentration". However this often-repeated statement is misleading because while the density of CO2 and related compounds in seawater is about 200x the density of CO2 in air on a per cubic meter basis, carbon dioxide compounds are only about 1/4 the density on a per kg basis.

John Brown (abolitionist)

John Brown (May 9, 1800 – December 2, 1859) was an American abolitionist. Brown supported using violence to end slavery in the United States. He first got national attention when he led small groups of people during the Bleeding Kansas crisis of 1856.

In October 1859, Brown led a raid on the federal armory at Harpers Ferry, Virginia (today West Virginia). He wanted to start a slave liberation movement that would spread south through the areas of Virginia and North Carolina. He took control of the armory, but seven people were killed, and ten or more were injured. Brown wanted to arm slaves with weapons from the armory. However, few local slaves joined his attack. Within 36 hours, Brown's men were killed or captured by local farmers, militiamen, and U.S. Marines. Brown was executed by hanging for treason against the state of Virginia on December 2, 1859. He was the first person executed for treason in the history of the United States.

Brown is still a controversial person today. He is both remembered as a heroic martyr, and he is hated as a madman and a terrorist.

John Brown was born May 9, 1800, in Torrington, Connecticut. He was the fourth of the eight children of Owen Brown (1771–1856) and Ruth Mills (1772–1808) and grandson of Capt. John Brown (1728–1776). Brown's ancestors were 17th-century English Puritans.

In 1805, the family moved to Hudson, Ohio. Owen Brown opened a tannery here. Hudson had a lot of anti-slavery activity. Owen was a part of it. Owen provided a safe house to Underground Railroad fugitives. There was not a high school in Hudson at that time, so John studied at the school of the abolitionist Elizur Wright. Elizur Wright was the father of Elizur Wright, in nearby Tallmadge.

The father of Ulysses S. Grant, Jesse R. Grant, was Owen Brown's apprentice.

When he was 16 years old, Brown left his family and went to Plainfield, Massachusetts. He joined a preparatory program. Shortly afterward, he went to the Morris Academy in Litchfield, Connecticut.

In 1820, Brown married Dianthe Lusk. Their first child, John Jr, was born 13 months later. In 1825, looking for a safer place (for fugitive slaves), Brown and his family moved to New Richmond, Pennsylvania. He bought of land. He cleared an eighth of it, and he built a cabin, a barn, and a tannery. The tannery had a secret room to hide escaping slaves. The John Brown Tannery Site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It "was a major stop on the [Underground] Railroad, marking its place in history from 1825 to 1835." During that period, "Brown helped an estimated 2,500 slaves escape."

In 1829, some white families asked Brown to help them remove Native Americans who hunted annually in the area. Brown told them, "I will have nothing to do with [such a] mean act. I would [rather] take my gun and help [remove] you from the country." Throughout his life, Brown kept peaceful relations with his Native American neighbors. Sometimes he would go with them on hunting trips, and he invited them to eat in his home.

In 1831, one of his sons died. Brown became sick, and his businesses started to do poorly. This made Brown have a lot of debt. In the summer of 1832, shortly after the death of a newborn son, his wife Dianthe died. The only family he had left were his children John Jr., Jason, Owen, and Ruth. (Another three of their children died before they became adults.) On June 14, 1833, Brown married 16-year-old Mary Ann Day (April 15, 1817 – May 1, 1884). She was from Washington County, New York. They had 13 children; those alive at John Brown's death were Salmon, Annie, Sarah, and Ellen.

In 1836, Brown moved his family to Franklin Mills, Ohio (now known as Kent). There, he borrowed money to buy land in the area. He built and operated a tannery along the Cuyahoga River. His partner was Zenas Kent.

In 1837, when he learned that Elijah P. Lovejoy was murdered, Brown promised: "Here, before God, [with witnesses around me], from [now on], I (dedicate) my life to the destruction of slavery!"

He strongly believed in Christianity. He believed that Christians should treat people the same no matter what color their skin was. Many white Christians in America at this time did not agree with this.

Brown lived mostly in Springfield, Massachusetts before moving to the Kansas Territory. This would later become the state of Kansas in 1861. Several of his sons were already living there. Brown's sons wanted his help to fight people from Missouri. The people in Missouri wanted slavery to be legal in Kansas. On May 24, 1856, Brown and his sons killed five people in Kansas who wanted slavery to be legal. They dragged the people out of their homes and killed them with swords. This came to be known as the Pottawatomie massacre. Many people in Kansas were shocked and upset about this. More violent things happened after this. This was the beginning of the period in the Kansas Territory known as Bleeding Kansas. Before leaving Kansas, Brown and his followers were attacked at the Battle of Osawatomie on August 30, 1856. His son Frederick was killed there.

In 1859, Brown decided to attack the Harpers Ferry Armory in Harper's Ferry, Virginia (now West Virginia). He was planning on giving the weapons to slaves. The slaves would use the weapons to fight against their masters and become free. Brown attacked the arsenal in October 1859. His sons and several other men, including several black men, helped him with the attack. His attack failed. Brown was captured, and was executed by hanging for treason against the state of Virginia on December 2, 1859.

On the morning of December 2, 1859, Brown wrote:

I, John Brown, am now quite certain that the crimes of this guilty land will never be purged away but with blood. I had, as I now think, [naively thought] that [it could be done without much bloodshed].

He read his Bible and wrote a final letter to his wife. The letter included his will. At 11:00 a.m. he was taken from the county jail through a crowd of 2,000 soldiers a few blocks away. He was taken to a small field where the gallows were. Among the soldiers in the crowd were future Confederate general Stonewall Jackson, and John Wilkes Booth (Booth borrowed a militia uniform to watch the execution). The poet Walt Whitman, in "Year of Meteors", described watching the execution.

Brown chose to receive no religious services in the jail or at the scaffold. He was hanged at 11:15 a.m. He was declared dead at 11:50 a.m.

The raid on Harpers Ferry is generally thought to have pushed the United States towards civil war. Southern slaveowners, hearing early reports that hundreds of abolitionists were involved, were glad the action was so small. However, they feared other abolitionists would also try to lead slave rebellions. Therefore, the South reorganized the old militia system. These militias became a ready-made Confederate army, making the South better prepared for war.

Many abolitionists in the North believed Brown was a martyr, and that he sacrificed for the evils of the nation. Immediately after the raid, William Lloyd Garrison published a column in "The Liberator". He said Brown's raid "[meant well] but sadly unwise" and "wild and [pointless]". However, he defended Brown's character from haters in the Northern and Southern press. He argued that those who supported the ideas of the American Revolution could not consistently oppose Brown's raid. On the day Brown was hanged, Garrison said in Boston: "whenever [it happens], I all slave revolts succeed".

After the Civil War, Frederick Douglass wrote, "His zeal in the cause of my race was far greater than mine ... I could live for the slave, but he could die for him."

People had strong feelings about John Brown. Some people thought that he was crazy or evil. Other people thought that he was a hero. His attack on Harpers Ferry helped lead to the American Civil War. The war would start in 1861.

Many Black leaders of the timeMartin Delany, Henry Highland Garnet, Frederick Douglass, Harriet Tubmanknew and respected Brown. "Tubman thought Brown was the greatest white man who ever lived." Douglass called him "a brave and glorious old man."

Black businesses in the North closed on the day of his execution. Church bells rang across the North.


John Brown

John Brown is the name of:


Sinocentrism

Sinocentrism is the belief that China is the cultural center of the world.

This idea may have possibly been reinforced by the Chinese Isolationist policy enforced by Emperor Hongwu during the Ming Dynasty.

Thoroughfare Gap

Thoroughfare Gap is an album by American singer-songwriter Stephen Stills. The album was released in 1978.

Most tracks were composed by Stephen Stills.



Annabeth Chase

Annabeth Chase is a fictional character in Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson "and Heroes of Olympus" series. She is a demigod, half-mortal and half goddess. Her father is the mortal Frederick Chase and her mother is Athena, the goddess of wisdom, crafts, arts, and battle strategy. She is first cousins with Magnus Chase, whose mother is her paternal aunt. She appears first in the first novel of the series, "The Lightning Thief". In the series she becomes close friends with Percy Jackson, later becoming his main love interest and girlfriend.

Annabeth is architect of Olympus and one of the leaders in Camp Half Blood for half bloods/demigods.

She is played by the actress Alexandra Daddario in the movie "", which is based on the first book, "The Lightning Thief." She played the same part in the movie "The Sea of Monsters," which is based on the novel "Percy Jackson: The Sea of Monsters." 

She is played by Kristin Stokes in the musical "The" "Lightning" "Thief:" "The" "Percy" "Jackson" "Musical", which is based on the first novel in the series, "The Lightning Thief."

She is most recently played by Leah Sava Jeffries in the Disney+ series "Percy Jackson and the Olympians".

The writer of the books, Rick Riordan, was asked in an interview, "Do you feel those who said the main characters, such as Grover and Annabeth, are heroes in their own right?". He answered, "Annabeth is Percy's rational side. She can think through things and look at options that sometimes evade Percy in his moments of battle panic." This means she can think even when there is a fight going on, unlike Percy, and can find solutions to problems. That is also why Annabeth is a daughter of Athena because she is the goddess of wisdom and battle strategy.

Annabeth Chase is the half-blood daughter of the goddess Athena and the mortal man Frederick Chase. She was born July 12, 1993. Being a daughter of Athena, who is a virgin, she was not physically born, but is a literal 'brain child'; she was born as a gift to the man her mother loved. When she was seven, she ran away from home. On her journey, she met Luke Castellan, Thalia Grace, and Grover Underwood. Together, they traveled to Camp Half-Blood, running from and fighting hordes of monsters. When they got to the borders of Camp half blood, Thalia made her final stand fighting monsters so that Luke, Grover and Annabeth could safely get into camp. Thalia's father, Zeus, changes her into a pine tree on top of a hill that comes to be known as Thalia's Pine Tree. Annabeth lived at Camp Half-Blood for five years prior to Percy Jackson's arrival.

It has been shown that Annabeth does not get along with her father and step-family. According to her, her father was not very happy when she first appeared and tends to look at her as a nuisance. Her step-siblings appear to dislike her and feel afraid of her. Her stepmother seems to hate her and feel that she endangers the family by being only half-mortal. At the end of "The Lightning Thief", Annabeth returns to her family to see if she can get along with them. She is able to stay with them for approximately a year, but it is unknown if her feeling towards her family have changed; however, in "The Titan's Curse", her father and stepmother seem to care for her deeply, and her father helps fight off Kronos's army to save Annabeth.

Annabeth is a good fighter, and has been shown to be able to think on her feet in very hard situations. Despite this, Annabeth dreams of being an architect (building things), and the story has made many references to this. In "The Lightning Thief", she enjoys and quickly becomes addicted to the 3-D holographic SimCity-esque game at the Lotus Hotel and Casino. In "The Sea of Monsters", it was shown that Annabeth’s greatest dream is to redesign the whole world to make it better, make Luke good again, and be accepted by her mother and father. In "The Last Olympian", she is granted the status of being the architect of Olympus.

Hubris, or deadly pride, is Annabeth's fatal flaw. Annabeth thinks that she is able to do anything: get her parents back together, build great monuments, and save Luke, as shown in the second book. She sometimes even thinks she can rebuild the world into an even better place than the immortals did. She also has a deep fear of spiders, (arachnophobia), due to the contest between Athena and Arachne.

Annabeth is described as being athletic and having curly blond hair (like a princess's), tan skin, and stormy gray eyes. Percy Jackson describes her as "cute" at first but eventually she becomes "seriously beautiful."

Annabeth first appears in "The Lightning Thief" and is twelve years old. She was nicknamed "Wise Girl" by Clarisse, in a spat of insults. The name was meant as an insult but, now it's an affectionate pet name. 

She first meets Percy Jackson after he was attacked by the Minotaur and makes his way into Half-Blood Hill. When he first saw her, Percy described Annabeth as "pretty" with blond hair curled "like a princess" After Percy heals from the Minotaur attack, Annabeth hears that he is to go on a quest (search) and she wants to go along, thinking Percy is "the one" from The Great Prophecy. Together, she, Percy, and Grover go searching for Zeus's stolen lightning bolt. Throughout the book, Annabeth shows her unique intelligence, which she inherited from her mother, and also her arachnophobia that she shares with all her siblings on her mother's side (originating from the story of Arachne and Athena)

Annabeth, Percy and Tyson, having not been allowed to go on the quest for the Golden Fleece to save Thalia's Pine Tree and find Grover by Chiron's temporary replacement, sneak out of Camp Half-Blood to do so. During the book it is revealed that Annabeth's greatest dream is to redesign the whole world to improve it, save Luke (from himself), and be accepted by her mother and father. After getting stranded on the island of the Queen-Witch Circe, Annabeth saves Percy after he is turned into a Guinea Pig using the multivitamins given to them by Hermes. During the fight with Polyphemus Annabeth (while invisible with the use of her Yankee's Cap) pretends to be Nobody and distracts him long enough for Percy to vanquish him. Annabeth is injured fatally during the fight but is healed with the help of the Golden Fleece.

Annabeth is kidnapped along with the goddess Artemis and has to be saved by Percy, Thalia, Grover, and the huntresses Zoë Nightshade and Bianca di Angelo. In a dream Percy has, Annabeth is on a mountain, and she sees Luke holding up a black roof (unknown to Percy, it is the sky). Annabeth helps him hold it, and then Luke slips out from underneath, making Annabeth hold it. This is later used to trick Artemis into holding the sky, as Artemis would not be able to resist helping a maiden. Unlike the other books, Annabeth's role is quite small. It is hinted in this book that there will be a romantic future for her and Percy. Aphrodite, the goddess of love, also convinced Percy about his feelings for Annabeth, though she also made it even harder for them to fall in love. In the end, Percy saves both Annabeth and Artemis, while Thalia is fighting Luke until he falls off a cliff.

By this book, Annabeth is fourteen. Percy and Annabeth find an entrance into the Labyrinth. She realizes that Luke may try to use this entrance to invade Camp.

Annabeth leads the quest into the Labyrinth, fulfilling one of her ambitions. She goes into the Labyrinth with Percy, Grover, and Tyson to find a way to stop Kronos's evil forces from entering the borders of Camp Half-Blood by searching for the Labyrinth's inventor, Daedalus. The prophecy the Oracle gave her appears to have scared her and she refuses to say the last line. As they go into the Labyrinth, they face many hardships. Annabeth faces a Sphinx and finds the riddles (which are actually factual questions) not challenging and an insult to her intellect. They escape the claws of the Sphinx and continue on to find Hephaestus so he can tell them about where to find Daedalus.

As they head towards Hephaestus' forge in Mount St. Helens, they find telekhines there making a weapon for Kronos. Percy tells Annabeth to escape while she can. She kisses him for luck and they part ways. Annabeth believes that he dies when Mount St. Helens erupts, but this is not the case. Percy fell onto the island Ogygia, prison of the nymph Calypso, a daughter of Atlas. When Percy comes back to camp, Annabeth is performing a funeral ritual for him. When she notices him, she hugs him, making a scene. However, when she finds out about Calypso, she is very jealous. Percy then asks a mortal girl, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, to help them on their way through the Labyrinth (Rachel has a rare ability to see through the Mist). Annabeth becomes very jealous at how close Percy and Rachel are getting. The three of them discover Luke, who has become Kronos's vessel. After a battle, Luke is forced back into the Labyrinth, leaving two casualties. Annabeth refuses to believe that Luke is all bad, and gets quite mad at Percy for saying otherwise.

After they fulfilled their mission, Annabeth and Percy are standing on Half-Blood Hill, and are matching their goals with the prophecy. Annabeth reveals the last line of her prophecy, "To lose a love to worse than death" and is confused, not sure about her feelings for Luke, or a secret love for Percy. At the end she leaves with her dad to go to a private school in San Francisco.

In the final book, Annabeth first appears when Percy returns from blowing up Kronos's ship, the "Princess Andromeda". Following his arrival, Annabeth helps Percy hear the Great Prophecy. Percy bathes in the River Styx (he narrowly escapes by imagining Annabeth pulling him out of the river) and calls Annabeth, telling her to meet him in front of the Empire State Building with all the demigods from Camp Half Blood. When Annabeth and Percy go to Olympus, they meet Hermes, to whom Annabeth tries to apologize about Luke turning into Kronos. Hermes becomes angry at her and blames her for not saving Luke. Hermes leaves, and they return to the other campers to defend Manhattan and Mount Olympus. In battle, Ethan Nakamura attempts to stab Percy in the small of his back, his Achilles spot, and Annabeth jumps in front of him, taking the knife. After a few hours of rest, Annabeth, though still weak from poison, goes back into battle. Kronos goes to Olympus, and Grover, Thalia, Percy, and Annabeth follow him. Kronos attacks Percy, and Annabeth joins the fight, but is knocked out of the fight when Kronos slams her into Athena's throne. In the end, she saves Percy and Olympus by finally realizing the prophecy's true meaning. She convinces Percy to give Luke her knife (which was given to her by Luke when she was seven) so he can stab himself, killing himself and banishing Kronos to Tartarus yet again. She is rewarded by the gods, who allow her to use her talents as an architect to rebuild Mount Olympus. Percy Jackson refuses immortality because of his feelings for Annabeth. At Camp Half-Blood in the dining hall later that day, Annabeth kisses Percy after he admits his feelings for her. She warns him that she will never make things easy for him. After this, they kiss underwater after eavesdroppers dump them into the canoe lake.

In the first book of this series, Annabeth appears when she arrives at the grand canyon in search of Percy. Instead she finds 3 demigods, Piper McLean, Leo Valdez, and Jason Grace. She takes them all back to camp half blood to be properly trained.

Magnus Chase And The Gods Of Asgard, Book 1 The Sword of Summer

Annabeth appears in this book searching, with her dad, for cousin Magnus. She finds Magnus after his death and believes he is a Greek or Roman demigod.

Magnus Chase And The Gods Of Asgard, Book 2 The Hammer of Thor

Percy appears at the end of the book when Magnus Chase learns that he needs to go somewhere called the "Ship of Dead". He goes to ask Annabeth for tips, in which Annabeth quotes "I don't know much about the sea, but my boyfriend does. It's time you met Percy..."

Magnus Chase And The Gods Of Asgard, Book 3 The Ship of Dead

In the beginning of the book the first chapter is called "Percy Jackson Does His Level Best to Kill Me". Annabeth and Percy give tips about the sea but Magnus sucks at everything to do with the ocean, nearly getting himself killed.

In the movie, Alexandra Daddario plays Annabeth, a warrior at Camp Half-Blood with Percy and potential romantic interest. In the movie trailer, Annabeth says to Percy, "I definitely have strong feelings for you. I just haven't decided if they are positive or negative yet." Another scene shows them leaning in, seemingly to kiss. It was really a tease, which was revealed when she suddenly steals Percy's sword from his sheath and she brings her own sword to his throat and says, "First rule of battle strategy, never let your opponent distract you." In the movie, Annabeth is seen with brown, straight hair, a definite change from the book's description of her (with curly blonde hair). She is shown in the movie with blue eyes not gray. She does not display much love towards Luke. 

Annabeth was played by Leah Sava Jeffries in the Percy Jackson and the Olympians Disney + show. 

A key subplot in the series is the relationship between Annabeth, Percy, and Luke. Luke is Annabeth's hero and one of her first half-blood friends. Annabeth likes Percy, which she hints at, but she still has feelings towards Luke. At the end of "The Last Olympian", Luke shows slight feelings for her, sort of like an older brother. These feeling are present despite the fact that Luke and Percy are arch enemies and he has attempted to kill Percy many times. In "The Sea of Monsters", it is shown that one of her life's wishes is to save Luke from Kronos.

In the beginning of "The Lightning Thief", Annabeth is shown to dislike Percy when she finds out that Percy is the hero of the prophecy. She thinks he is weak, and is influenced by the rivalry between her mother, Athena, and Percy's father, Poseidon. But while they are on their quest, they have to ride a truck to get to their destination. This is the first time they actually talk. In "The Mark of Athena", Annabeth says that's when she chose to "like" him. At the very end of "The Sea of Monsters" Annabeth kisses Percy on the cheek after winning the chariot race. In "The Titan's Curse", there are suggestions of some romance between Annabeth and Percy, although this is complicated by her lingering feelings towards Luke and the fact that her mother, Athena, disapproves of her "friendship" with Percy. In "The Battle of the Labyrinth", Annabeth finally expresses her feelings for Percy by kissing him good luck before vanishing using her Yankee's cap. When Percy returns, she is highly jealous, because she knows he has been with the sad but seductive Calypso. It is implied that Percy is trying to tell Annabeth about his feelings, but Annabeth remains distant, still due to her lingering feelings towards Luke.

In "The Last Olympian", after the defeat of Kronos and the saving of Luke's soul, the romantic relationship between Percy and Annabeth is solidified. Annabeth also states Percy looks 'cute when he's worried' when he first checks on her after she took a knife that was meant for him. Annabeth tells Luke as he dies that she always saw him as a brother, but never loved him. Later, she and Percy share their second kiss after she tells him that she will never, ever make things easy for him. He describes it as if his brain felt it was melting through his body. But nosy campers snoop on this and throw them into the camp lake. Then comes a third kiss underwater in an air bubble made by Percy. They are together at the end of the series. It is hinted that they might be married one day in the future, as Annabeth said she wanted "to build something permanent," and Percy states that maybe they were "getting a good start together.”

They continue their relationship through the Heroes of Olympus series and the Magnus Chase series. As far as we know, Annabeth and Percy are going to stay together throughout their lives. 




B. Allison Gray praises how in "Battle of the Labyrinth: Percy Jackson and the Olympians, Book 4", Riordan "successfully conveys Annabeth's emotions."

The casting for the movie has had a varied reception. On one hand, as "Rama's SCREEN" reports, "the one that’s been causing argument is Alexandra Daddario as Annabeth Chase...apparently some of Rama’s SCREEN readers out there did and the comments on her casting were in mixed response...Ashley thought Annasophia Robb (Race To Witch Mountain) should’ve played that role meanwhile Kara and Victoria saw Daddario as too old because apparently, the character Annabeth Chase in the book is about 12 years old but Lily thought Daddario should be given a chance to prove herself worthy and Joe said that to make this work, the movie needs to make her hot, athletic, with blond hair and grey eyes." On the other hand, Katey Rich writes that Daddario "looks just right for that Hermione-esque role of the brainy brunette...Daddario, who has been in movies like "The Hottest State" and the recent , may have just signed on for a role that will take over her life, poo and bring her plenty of Emma Watson-scaled fame in the process. I hope she's got her wizard's wand-- oh, wait, I mean mythical god powers-- ready for the challenge."

The casting of Annabeth as Leah Sava Jeffries was very controversial. Many fans were quick to point to the fact she was very different in appearance to the book as, for one thing she is Black with dark brown hair and brown eyes as opposed to the books where she is White, Blonde with grey eyes.


Percy Jackson

Perseus "Percy" Jackson is the main character and narrator of Rick Riordan's "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" series. He is a demigod, meaning he is half-mortal and half god. His father is Poseidon, the god of the sea, and his mother is the mortal Sally Jackson.

First introduced in "The Lightning Thief" as a troubled twelve-year old who finds out that he is a demigod, Percy goes on many adventures in the series to save his friends and the gods of Mount Olympus.

Percy is played by Logan Lerman in the movie "" and in "".

He always tells horses, which his father is said to have created, not to call him "boss" or "lord" whenever they talk to him but does not get annoyed when Annabeth calls him "seaweed-brain". His fatal flaw is loyalty. Percy, like most boys his age, has trouble talking to girls. Athena said that Percy's fatal flaw is personal loyalty. He will do anything to save his friends and loved ones. Kronos uses this flaw to control him several times in the series, such as when his mother is held hostage when Grover is trapped on Polyphemus' island, and when Annabeth is kidnapped.

Perseus "Percy" Jackson is introduced as a troubled 12-year-old boy who is a student with dyslexia, which makes it hard for him to read, and ADHD, which makes it hard for him to pay attention. He has been kicked out of every single school he has gone to. He has just been kicked out of Yancy Academy in Upstate New York. He has few friends at the school, his best friend being Grover Underwood, a satyr (half human, half goat) disguised as a human.

During a field trip to a museum, Percy is annoyed by the school bully, Nancy Bobofit, for intimidating Grover and in a fit of rage, accidentally summons water from a nearby fountain to pull her in, but he didn't know how he did it. Mrs. Dodds, his pre-algebra teacher, witnesses the whole scene and tells him to follow her into the museum for a "talk." Suddenly, she turns into the Fury Alecto, and attacks him, looking like a bat-like figure with big fangs. Percy manages to destroy her using Mr. Brunner’s pen, Riptide, that transforms into a sword in his hand. However, when Percy returns to the bus and asks his classmates, nobody remembers Mrs. Dodds because of a force known as the Mist. The only person that may remember her was Grover, who always hesitated before he answered. Everybody else believed her name was Mrs. Kerr.

Percy asks what just happened, and Mr. Brunner says he saw nothing and that Percy should bring his own things to write with in the future. Percy asks his classmates about it, but they act like there was never any "Mrs. Dodds". Percy sees that Grover is lying when he hesitates whenever Percy mentions "Mrs. Dodds". Percy overhears Grover and Mr. Brunner talking about him later in the school year. As he is going home on a bus with Grover, he sees three old ladies knitting a giant sock. Grover looks really worried about them. Percy leaves Grover at the bus stop and takes a taxi to his apartment on his own.

His mother arrives soon after he gets home and tells him that they can go to Montauk Beach for the entire weekend. Percy is happy that something good has finally happened and packs his things and leaves. At the beach, Percy wakes up in the middle of the night in a storm and is shocked to see Grover coming to him and his mom, telling them to leave. Percy is confused, but his mother takes them both in the car and drives quickly away.

After hearing a growl behind them, his mom arrives at a hill and pushes both boys out of the car. Percy sees that the thing chasing them is a Minotaur, who charges them. Percy and his mom dodge it, but Grover is too slow and the Minotaur charges him. Percy manages to defeat the Minotaur, but not before it dissolves Percy's mother into light and sends her to the Underworld. Percy drags Grover up the hill to Camp Half-Blood, where Percy passes out on the doorway of the Big House.

Percy learns that Camp Half-Blood is a place for demigods like him. He meets a future friend, Annabeth Chase. He learns that Mr. Brunner is actually the centaur (half human, half horse) Chiron, the camp's activity director. He also learns that the director of the camp is the god Dionysus. He is introduced to Luke Castellan, the leader of the Hermes cabin. Later, in a capture-the-flag game, Percy single-handed defeats Clarisse, leader of the Ares cabin, and three others when he healed his injuries in water. This is when he learned that he is the son of Poseidon as a holographic trident appears over his head. Soon after learning that Zeus's lightning bolt has been stolen, Percy embarks on his first and eventually successful quest along with Grover and Annabeth to retrieve it.

Thalia's tree, the magical border of Camp Half-Blood, has been poisoned. Chiron is blamed for the poisoning and is dismissed from camp; Tantalus, who comes from the Fields of Punishment and cannot have food or water, takes the job. The only thing able to rid the tree of its poison is the Golden Fleece, which is located on the island of Polyphemus (another son of Poseidon), in the Sea of Monsters (the Bermuda Triangle).

Clarisse, the daughter of Ares and enemy of Percy, is given the quest to go into the Sea of Monsters to bring back the Golden Fleece, which has healing powers for plants, animals, and humans. Percy and Annabeth decide to go also, not just for the Golden Fleece, but for their friend Grover who is trapped in Polyphemus' cave. Tyson, a young Cyclops whom Percy befriended at school that year, joins them on their journey. Tyson is Poseidon's son and therefore Percy's half-brother.

As they enter the Sea of Monsters, they have to get past Scylla and Charybdis. Instead of trying to sail in between the two, Clarisse automatically goes for Charybdis and Tyson supposedly dies in Clarisse's ship after it sinks. After that, Percy and Annabeth journey to many dangerous islands, and Annabeth tells Percy many things about how Thalia died and she also mentions her prophecy and tells Percy that he has a choice to make when he becomes 16 years old. Fighting their way through many other obstacles, like the Sirens and Circe's island, they join up with Clarisse, Grover, and later Tyson (who did not die), and leave with the Golden Fleece.

When they return to the mortal world, they send off Clarisse on an airplane to camp alone, and Percy, Annabeth, Grover, and Tyson are kidnapped by Luke. In a duel with him, Percy is nearly killed. He is saved by Chiron, who is proven innocent, and his relatives, the Party Ponies. When they return to camp the Fleece is put on the tree. The Fleece not only revives Thalia's tree, but Thalia too. It turns out that this was actually Kronos's plan, done so that he would have another chance to control the prophecy which governs the future of Olympus and the Olympians.

At the end Percy and Annabeth win a chariot race and Annabeth kisses Percy on the cheek and he liked it so he kissed her back.

In the third book, Grover finds two demigods at a school, Bianca and Nico di Angelo. Percy, Grover, Thalia and two of Artemis' hunters, Zoë and Bianca (who later chose to become a hunter, upsetting Nico), are sent on a quest to save Artemis, who has been kidnapped. Percy is really going to save Annabeth, who was captured while they were saving the di Angelo's.

During the journey, Percy meets a mortal girl at Hoover Dam, named Rachel Elizabeth Dare, who can see through the Mist. She helps him escape from skeletal warriors who were trying to attack Percy and his friends.

While warning them about the junkyard of the gods, Aphrodite, goddess of love, tells Percy there is a romantic future waiting for him with Annabeth. Bianca is killed by a crazed robot in the junkyard of the gods while trying to get a figurine for her brother Nico. She said it was the only figurine he was missing in his collection. During the battle with Atlas, Zoë receives deadly injuries. She is poisoned by her old friend Ladon; her father, Atlas, makes the final strike that kills her and Atlas holds the burden of holding the sky again. Upon entering Olympus, the Gods decide whether to kill Thalia, Percy and Bessie (the ophiotaurus) who may hold the decision to tear down Olympus according to the Great Prophecy. Thalia becomes one of Artemis' hunters, eliminating her as a potential recipient of the Great Prophecy. In the end, the gods decide to leave Percy alive and keep the Ophiotaurus in safety at the throne room. Afterward, a feast is held in honor of the heroes and Athena tells Percy that she disapproves of his friendship with her daughter. At camp, Percy tells Nico about Bianca's death; he sprints into the woods. From then on, Nico hates Percy, blaming him for his sister's death. Annabeth, Percy and Grover search for Nico and cannot find him. Percy then holds the figurine of the god Bianca gave him at the junk yard. Suddenly, he realizes who Nico's father is: Hades, lord of the dead.

In book four, the Labyrinth of Daedalus is discovered. Camp Half-Blood is in danger of being invaded by Kronos' army by means of the Labyrinth. Chiron sends Annabeth along with Percy, Grover, and Tyson into the Labyrinth on a quest to find Daedalus. In this, they hope to use his knowledge to help thwart any attacks that are carried out using the giant underground maze. They eventually find Daedalus, who has made himself a new body, and has disguised himself as the swordplay counselor. There is a battle, as Kronos' army attacks Camp Half-Blood through the Labyrinth. Many are injured and some are left dead. Daedalus shows up to help along with his giant pet hellhound, Mrs. O'Leary. Daedalus has escaped death for centuries, but gives himself over to Nico di Angelo, a son of Hades, so he can accept his punishment in the Underworld and also so he can see his son Icarus and his nephew Perdix. Percy inherits Mrs. O'Leary. They have grown fond of each other. Percy and Annabeth's relationship starts to take on a new edge. Annabeth saves Percy several times and kisses him once because she thinks he is going to die. She also makes a big scene in front of all the campers when she realized that Percy was alive.

In book five, Percy discovers the truth behind the Great Prophecy. The campers find out there is a spy among them who is reporting everything to Kronos, who took over Luke's body in the fourth book. Percy battles Kronos many times, and eventually becomes invincible from bathing in the River Styx, but instead of his heel, his weak spot is the small of his back.

In the beginning, Percy and Beckendorf, son of Hephaestus are sent on a quest to blow up Luke's demon cruise ship, and Beckendorf is killed.

Percy and Nico sneak out of camp, and meet Hestia, who shows Percy part of Luke's past, and they meet Luke's mother.

A war between the Titans and Olympians ensues, one that has been in the making for much of the series. In the end, Luke, who is also invincible from bathing in the River Styx, kills himself in order to send Kronos back to Tartarus. Silena Beuregard turns out to be the spy. She is a good person inside, but Luke threatens her, and they make a deal that Beckendorf will not be hurt, as she was Beckendorf's girlfriend. Silena dies trying to kill a drakon, disguised as Clarisse, which upsets Clarisse greatly. In the end of the book, Luke commits suicide to save the Olympians.

Annabeth admits she never loved Luke, and that she cared for him only as a brother. She and Percy finally cement their relationship. Percy tries to tell her about his feelings at the River Styx, but says that she is not making it easy. She says: "I will never, ever make it easy for you Seaweed Brain. Get used to it", then kisses him, after which the other campers throw them into the canoe lake. Percy then creates an air bubble and they share "pretty much the best underwater kiss of all time.".

Percy was played by Logan Lerman in the movie "Percy Jackson: The Lightning Thief". That movie was adapted from the first book in the series, "The Lightning Thief". A movie of the second book, "The Sea of Monsters" was released on August 7, 2013 in the United States. Percy is played by Walker Scobell in the TV series for Disney+.

Percy, like most demigods, has two main disabilities:


In "The Lightning Thief", Percy is given a magically enchanted sword called Anaklusmos (Riptide). It is made of celestial bronze, a fictional metal which will injure immortals and monsters, but not wound mortals. Many demigods use celestial bronze weapons.

Children of the "big three" (Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades) are more powerful than demigods of the other Greek gods and goddesses. Percy has a wide range of abilities.


Percy has a lot of powers specifically connected to the things controlled by Poseidon: seas, horses, sea creatures, and earthquakes. His water-related abilities tend to be stronger in sea water than in fresh water.





IPad

The iPad is a small tablet computer made by Apple Inc. Apple first showed it on January 27, 2010. It is larger than a smartphone and smaller than a laptop computer. It has a multiple touch interface (use two or more fingers to do certain things). It is different than a laptop in that it doesn't have a keyboard. Instead, it has a "virtual keyboard" using the touch screen, and a physical keyboard can be added. It doesn't have Adobe Flash. This keeps it from crashing, but some websites will not display correctly. Until iOS 9, also you cannot have multiple windows open at the same time and drag and drop things between them.

Apple made an early version of a tablet computer in 1993 called the Newton MessagePad. It had similar functions to the iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad except it didn't have advanced things like the internet or a voice program. Apple stopped making Newtons in 1998.

Apple re-entered the mobile device market in 2007 when the iPhone was released. Some of the iPhone's features are based on the Newton.

By the end of 2009, rumors about the iPad had been around for several years, and on January 27, 2010 Steve Jobs announced the iPad. It was not the first tablet to be sold, but it was the first one to sell in large numbers. It also was the first one that was controlled almost entirely by fingers touching the screen. Many of the earlier tablets (and PDAs, or personal digital assistants) used a lot of buttons or a stylus to control the tablet.

The first generation iPad was able to be bought in the United States in April 2010 and most of the rest of the world within several months.

As of 2021, Apple sold more than 425 million iPads.

Apple announced the iPad 2 on March 2, 2011 and it was released on March 11, 2011. It had a new sleeker design and had a front and back video camera. It was also a lot thinner and had curved edges because people were complaining that the first gen iPad made their hands sore.

On March 16, 2012 Apple released the iPad 3. It kept the iPad 2's design but was slightly thicker and was the first iPad to have a retina screen for a sharper picture. It has 50% more pixels than a standard HDTV screen.

On November 2, 2012, Apple released the iPad 4 which featured an A6 processor, a new connector called Lightning which replaces the old 30 pin dock connector, and an updated FaceTime camera. They also released a new iPad called the iPad Mini which featured a 7.9 inch screen instead of the normal 9.7 inch screen, though it didn't have a retina display.

On October 22, 2013, the new iPad Air was announced which looked like the iPad Mini but still had the full size screen. It also had the newer A7 processor that the iPhone 5s had. At the same time, a new version of the iPad mini was announced that had the better Retina display.

On October 16, 2014, the iPad Air 2 was announced along with the iPad Mini 3. The iPad Air 2 has a thinner design than the iPad Air and has new features, such as a better camera and a Touch ID fingerprint reader. The iPad Mini 3 has the same design as the iPad Mini 2, but has a better camera and also has the Touch ID fingerprint reader that the iPad Air 2 has.

On September 9, 2015, Apple announced a new version of the iPad, the iPad Pro . It comes with either a 12.9 inch and a 9.7 inch screen and the A9X processor. Apple made a hardware keyboard that plugs into its side, and a stylus pen, the Apple Pencil, that can be used to draw on the screen as if it was a piece of paper.

On October 30, 2018, Apple announced the new update to their iPad Pro line. The update showcased the thinnest iPad ever, at 5.7mm thin, an improved processor, dubbed the A12X processor, a larger screen (12.9-in and 11-in), and Face ID support. The screen uses Apple's all new liquid LED technology, first seen in the 2018 released iPhone XR. The new iPad Pro's also came with a slew of accessories, including a brand new Smart Keyboard , Apple Pencil (2nd generation), and multiple cases. Apple also changed the charging system from their long used Lighting connector, for a USB-C charger. Apple's new iPad Pro line come in two sizes.

On September 14, 2021, Apple announced the new update to their iPad mini line. The update showcased shows redesigned tablet just like iPad Air (4th generation). The iPad mini has new 8.3-in display and have Touch ID in power button like iPad Air (4th generation) and Apple Pencil (2nd generation) support.

On March 8, 2022, Apple announced the new update to their iPad Air line. The update showcased shows same design as iPad Air (4th veneration) in 2020 but there flew changes like new camera now 12 MP front and 12 MP rear with Center stage and new M1 chip like iPad Pro (5th generation) . There is new color five available: Blue, Purple, Starlight, Space Grey, and Pink.

Apple announced the sixth-generation iPad Pro and 10th-generation iPad on October 18, 2022, with both to be available October 26. The new iPad Pro features Apple's M2 processor, the same one used in the company's most recent Macs. The largest changes, however, came to the base iPad line. First, the new iPad has a 10.9-inch screen, the same size as that found in the current iPad Air. It also replaces the Lightning connector with USB-C, and removes the Home button, replacing it with Touch ID as part of the power button (the same setup used in the current Air). Perhaps the biggest change is in camera placement. The 10th-generation iPad is the first model in the iPad range with its front-facing camera on the device's long edge. Despite having a USB-C port, it lacks support for the second-generation Apple Pencil. The first-generation Apple Pencil, which is supported, cannot be charged directly from a 10th-generation iPad because that Pencil has only the Lightning connector. All new shipments of the first-generation Pencil include a Lightning-to-USB-C adapter to allow charging from a 10th-generation iPad. The 9th-generation iPad was not immediately discontinued; Apple still sells that model alongside the 10th generation at a lower price.

All iPads, like most of Apple Inc.'s products, are made in China, and designed by Apple in California.


Pseudocode

Pseudocode (sometimes written as pseudo-code) is a description of the source code of a computer program or an algorithm in a language easily understood by humans. 

It uses the general structure of a computer programming language, but omits details that are required by machines to execute the code. The primary purpose of writing pseudocode is to enable humans to understand the computer program or algorithm without having to understand the programming language.

Pseudocode does not follow the syntax and grammar of any specific computer programming language. Variable declarations are generally omitted. Function calls and blocks of code, such as code for a loop, are often replaced by a one-line natural language sentence.

Reads the for loop and prints all the integers from 1 to 50.

This pseudocode outputs powers of two.

The above pseudocode sample computes a logical and function.

University of Central Florida

The University of Central Florida is the biggest university in the state of Florida, and the second-biggest in the entire United States. It also has more undergraduate students than any other single campus in the U.S. It is located slightly to the east of Orlando, one of the most popular places to visit in the entire world. Living in such an exciting city makes the University of Central Florida very attractive to students who want to get jobs or internships nearby.

Sometimes the University of Central Florida's name is shortened to UCF, especially when talking about the school's sports teams. UCF was founded in 1969 and has continued growing ever since.

UCF's sports teams, known as Knights, now play in the Big 12 Conference after leaving the American Athletic Conference in July 2023. The only exception is the men's soccer team. Because the Big 12 sponsors soccer for women but not men, that team plays in the Sun Belt Conference.

CAPTCHA

A CAPTCHA is a test that is used to separate humans and machines. CAPTCHA stands for "Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart." It is normally an image test or a simple mathematics problem which a human can read or solve, but a computer cannot. It is made to stop computer hackers from using a program to automatically set up hundreds of accounts, such as email accounts. It is named after mathematician Alan Turing's Turing test.

GNU Lesser General Public License

The GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) is a free software license created by the Free Software Foundation. It is similar to the GNU General Public License and is also an open source license. It's mostly used for "library" software (meaning parts of other software), with the license name formerly meaning Library General Public License.


Maple (CAS)

Maple is a commercial computer algebra system created (made) by Waterloo Maple Inc.

Waterloo Maple

Waterloo Maple Inc. (Maplesoft) is a Canadian software company. They are in Waterloo, Ontario. They are most well known for creating the Maple computer algebra system.

Waterloo Maple Inc. was registrated under the name Waterloo Maple Software in April 1988.



Null device

In some operating systems, the null device is a device file that ignores anything written to it but returns that the write worked. This device is called codice_1 on Unix and Unix-like systems, codice_2 or codice_3 on CP/M and DOS (internally codice_4), codice_5 on newer Windows systems (internally codice_6 on Windows NT), codice_7 on Amiga systems, and codice_8 on OpenVMS. In Windows Powershell, the equivalent is codice_9. It returns nothing to any process that reads from it, returning EOF immediately. In IBM DOS/360, OS/360 (MFT, MVT), OS/390 and z/OS operating systems, such files would be assigned in JCL to codice_10.

Magenta rose

Magenta rose is a color that is a representation of the color of a particular type of rose called a "magenta rose", which can come in various tones of magenta or rose.

The first recorded use of "magenta rose" as a color name in English was in 1927.



Grover Underwood

Grover Underwood is a fictional character in Rick Riordan's "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" series. He is a satyr, a mythological Greek being that is half goat and half human. He has the upper body of a human and the legs and horns of a goat. He uses fake feet when he wants to look like a human. His horns are usually hidden by his curly brown hair (although they do eventually grow too tall for him to hide them) and sometimes an orange rasta cap. Although he is 28 years old, he is like a sixteen year-old human because satyrs age half as fast as humans do.

Grover is played by Brandon T. Jackson in the movies "" and "" the film adaptations of the first and second books in the series, "The Lightning Thief" and The Sea of Monsters.

Grover is the best friend of Percy Jackson. He has an empathy link with Percy. This means if one of them dies, the other will probably die, too (or that they will be left forever in a vegetative state, where they are asleep and never wake up).

Grover gets afraid easily. When this happens, his eyes turn into slits like a goat's. He starts eating furniture and tin cans . He always tries to defend his friends. He is very loyal. Grover also can deal with dangerous situations well. An example would be when he was kidnapped by Polyphemus the Cyclops. He likes enchiladas. He is afraid of rabbits (which Thalia calls his "bunny phobia")

Grover loves nature very much and hates pollution because he is a satyr. He secretly loves Artemis, the goddess of the hunt. He says, "She's so...into nature." He also likes to be near the Hunters of Artemis. Grover's girlfriend is a nymph named Juniper. They are first seen together in "The Battle of the Labyrinth". He helps out animals. He can also talk to them. Grover likes to look for Pan, the god of the wild. He is also afraid of cyclopes.

Grover the satyr and a keeper, go undercover at Yancy Academy as a disabled student in order to discover if there are any half-bloods who attend it because most half-bloods have AD-HD and dyslexia and can do special things. There he discovers Percy Jackson, a half-blood, and alerts Mr. Brunner the Latin teacher, who turns out to be Chiron, Camp Half-Blood's activities director. Grover reveals his satyr form to Percy when the Jacksons go to a beach house in Montauk, New York before they are attacked by a minotaur. He accompanies Percy along with Annabeth Chase, Athena's daughter, on a quest to the Underworld to retrieve Zeus's stolen Master Lightning Bolt. At the end of the book Grover gets his searchers license to go look for Pan, the god of the Wild.

In The Sea of Monsters, Grover is searching for the lost god Pan, god of the Wild, when he is captured by Polyphemus the Cyclops. Grover is trapped in a bridal boutique, mistaken for a female Cyclops and is taken to Polyphemus's lair in the Sea of Monsters, where he creates the empathy link between him and Percy. In his dreams, Percy sees how Grover is trapped by Polyphemus, the blind cyclops that once held Odysseus captive, and is about to meet the same gruesome ending as all satyrs before him, including his father, who went searching for Pan. Along with Annabeth and Percy's half brother Tyson, Percy journeys on an unapproved quest to find Grover. At the end, the Golden Fleece (a powerful healing item) releases Thalia's spirit from the pine tree that kept it.

Grover is undercover once again, this time at a military school, where he discovers two children, Nico and Bianca di Angelo, that he suspects are half-bloods. In the excitement of his discovery, Grover asks Percy to come and help him safely bring the half-bloods to camp half-blood. In the process of trying to get to the di Angelos, a manticore (Dr. Thorn) attempts kidnaps Percy, Bianca, and Nico, only to lose them to Thalia, Annabeth, and Grover. As they battle Dr. Thorn, the Hunters of Artemis step in and rid of the monster by making him trip off a cliff, which led to the loss of Annabeth, her being on Thorn's back. Artemis leaves her Hunters to be escorted to Camp Half-Blood by Percy, Grover, and Thalia. Artemis is then kidnapped, which means that a quest must be launched to save her. That quest consists of Grover, Bianca (who is a new Hunter of Artemis), Zoe Nightshade (The chief Hunter of Artemis), Thalia, and Percy, who journey across the country to Mt. Tampalais. On the way, Grover is involved in several situations where Pan, god of the Wild, speaks to him. The first was in Cloudcroft, New Mexico, where the presence of Pan made the birds on Grover's coffee cup and a rubber rat come to life, also bringing a giant wild boar to help Percy, Thalia, him, Bianca and Zoe escape the skeletal army. The second incident happened when Grover was alone. Pan spoke to him, saying, "I await you." Both times, Grover was drinking coffee, so he and the other satyrs believe that this had something to do with Pan's appearance.

It is in this book that we meet Juniper, Grover's nymph girlfriend, who is sobbing hysterically as The Council of Cloven Elders' decide that Grover has been searching far too long for the god Pan — they give him a week to find Pan, and if he does not, his searcher's license will be revoked. He, Percy, Annabeth and Tyson head into the Labyrinth this time to find its creator, Daedalus, and his workshop. Sometime in the book, Grover and Tyson split up from Percy and Annabeth. However, Grover meets a monster. Later, Grover finds Pan and learns the truth about his disappearance and that he, the God of Wild Things, must fade away and leave the job of making the earth green again to Grover, Annabeth, Percy, Tyson and everyone else on the planet. Grover unleashes the cry of Panic, greatly disrupting the Battle, and distracting the enemy long enough for the campers to surge and eventually drive them back into the Labyrinth.

Grover has been missing for 2 months; Percy and Nico decide to look for him on their way to the Underworld. Percy locates Grover through his empathy link in Central Park and finds him under a giant elm tree. Percy wakes him up by yelling, (via empathy link) "FOOD, PANCAKES!". He tells them he just took a nap and they figure out that Morpheus, the god of dreams, put Grover to sleep. In that way, Grover gives Percy and Nico know that some minor gods are on Kronos' side. He helps Nico and Percy get into the Underworld by playing his reed pipes to open up an entrance in Central Park.

After, his exile is ended and he is given a position in the Council of Cloven Elders. Grover is then appointed as the new Lord of the Wild, causing him to collapse with joy on the spot.



Right whale

The right whales (Eubalaena spp.), also known as the black whales are baleen whales with bow-shaped lower jaw and a head that is up to one-quarter of the body length. The head is hairier than most whales; up to 300 hairs are found on the tip of the lower jaw and 100 are on the upper jaw. There are also callosities (a series of horny growths) behind the blowhole, on the chin, above the eyes, on the lower lip, and on the rostrum (the beak-like upper jaw). 
Right whales are similar to bowhead whales, but smaller. These whales are rich in blubber and have 2 blowholes. The eyes are very small and lips are large. Right whales were named by whalers who considered them the "right" whales to hunt, since they were rich in blubber, they were easy to catch (they are relatively slow swimmers) and they floated after being killed. 

Hunters needed the right whale's blubber for meat, because blubber could be boiled to make oil.
The right whale's name came from hunters, who thought that they were the "right" whales to hunt. This was because they had lots of blubber. They were also easy to catch (because they were relatively slow swimmers) and they floated on the surface of the water after being killed. Because of these things, right whales are the most endangered of the great whales.

Rick Riordan

Richard Russell "Rick" Riordan, Jr. (born June 5, 1964) is an American author best known for the "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" series. He also wrote the "Tres Navarre" mystery series for adults and helped to edit "Demigods and Monsters", a collection of essays on the topic of his Percy Jackson series. He helped develop the 10 books in "The 39 Clues" series, published by Scholastic Corporation, and wrote the first book in the series, "".

Riordan was born in San Antonio, Texas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin where he double-majored in English and history. For fifteen years, he taught in public and private schools in California and in San Antonio. He was awarded St. Mary's Hall's first Master Teacher Award in 2002.

Riordan is the multi-award-winning author of the Tres Navarre mystery series for adults; his "The Maze of Bones" reached number one on the New York Times Best Seller list on September 28, 2008. His "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" series features a twelve-year-old boy who discovers he is the modern-day son of an ancient Greek god. Film rights were purchased by Twentieth Century Fox and a feature film was released on February 12, 2010. In January 2022, Disney+ gave the green light for a TV Show adaptation of the series. As of December 2022, more than half of the first book has been filmed. Riordan lives in San Antonio with his wife and their two sons. Recently, Riordan has stated that he is working on a new series based upon the Egyptian pantheon, which then turned out to be "The Kane Chronicles", with the first book, "The Red Pyramid", to be released May 4, 2010. He also won 13 awards the Anthony Award for Best Paperback Original, the Goodreads Choice Awards Best Middle Grade & Children's ( 5 times 2011-2015 ), Edgar Award for Best Paperback Original ( 5 times 2011-2015 ), Hampshire Book Award, and the Shamus award for best first PI novel!



Note: This is the first and last book series written by Rick Riordan, the rest of the books were written by 2 other authors with him.






To know more about the author and his books go to www.rickriordan.co.uk


Luke Castellan

Luke Castellan is one of the main antagonists in Rick Riordan's "Percy Jackson & The Olympians" series. He is a demigod son of the Greek god Hermes.

Luke is played by Jake Abel in the movies "", the film adaption of the first book, "The Lightning Thief" and "", the film adaption of the second book "The Sea of Monsters". Charlie Bushnell plays him in the new Percy Jackson and the Olympians tv show [Season 1 Disney+]

Luke is first introduced in "The Lightning Thief" as the 19-year-old counselor for the Hermes cabin. He was born the year 1986. While the rest of Percy's cabin mates complain about him because he is undetermined, Luke tries to make him feel at home, even stealing a toiletry bag for him. Luke first came to Camp Half-Blood when he was 14, alongside Thalia Grace, daughter of Zeus, and Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena. Luke has a scar on his face, a relic from his battle with the dragon Ladon, guardian of the Garden of Hesperides, while on a quest. In "The Last Olympian", it is shown that his mother attempted to become the Oracle of Delphi and has succumbed to the curse of Hades. Her crazed prophetic ramblings affected Luke greatly, and forced him to run away when he was nine. In "The Battle of the Labyrinth", Luke's body becomes the vessel that harbors Kronos' essence.

Luke dies in "The Last Olympian" when he is given Annabeth's knife by Percy. He sacrifices himself to defeat Kronos by stabbing himself under his left arm where his mortality was still kept intact after his bath in the River Styx (known as his Achilles heel). As he dies, he asks Percy to make sure all the demigods are claimed to avoid this happening again which might mean that they had become friends again because he is forgiven by Percy. Although he is seen as a villain throughout the series, in the end he is treated like a hero and forgiven by everyone. He is also the hero mentioned by the prophecy of the Oracle in "The Last Olympian".




Rachel Elizabeth Dare

Rachel Elizabeth Dare is a red haired fictional character in Rick Riordan's "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" stories. Unlike other big characters in the series, none of her parents are gods. Instead, they both are mortal. Despite this, Rachel has the ability to see through Mist, a thing that makes most humans unaware of the Olympians and immortals. She has the power to predict things, which is not common even with demigods. Because of these powers, the Oracle of Delphi passes into her from the cursed remains of the previous oracle. She therefore becomes the next Oracle of Delphi, Oracle of the Gods as well as the resident oracle at Camp Half-Blood. By becoming the Oracle, she gives up her romance with Percy because the Oracle must be a maiden.

In this book, Rachel first appears at the Hoover Dam (in which they have a dam problem). Percy is being chased by a group of Spartoi when she sneezes. Percy turns around and his sword, Riptide, goes through her body. He realizes she knows it is a sword. He also finds out that she can see through the Mist. She saves Percy from the Spartoi by sending him into a restroom behind her and the skeletons to the generator room, which makes electricity.

In "The Battle of the Labyrinth", more details on Rachel's life are given. She shows up at Percy's new school, Goode High School. She can see that two cheerleaders are really empousai and helps Percy escape from Kelli, one of the "empousai". Later, Percy asks her to help him navigate Daedalus's Labyrinth, a maze he built, to find him. She goes with Percy and Annabeth through the maze. After finding out Daedalus has made a deal with Kronos, she escapes with Percy and Annabeth. Eventually, the three find Kronos's headquarters. Kronos has started to live in Luke Castellan's body and tries to catch Percy. Rachel appears with Annabeth and Nico di Angelo and throws her blue plastic hairbrush at Luke's eye. This confuses Kronos and lets Percy escape. She also helps find Pan, the lost god of nature. She is there when he dies.

Later, she leaves Percy, Annabeth, Nico, Grover Underwood, and Tyson. Before she does, she tells them that her father is a rich businessman who buys forests. He cuts them down and use them to build shopping malls. Pan's death affects her, mainly because of her father's job. She wants to hang out with Percy again. Annabeth is not happy about this. Percy promises to call her. He says that he has memorized her phone number. Rachel is happy about this. Percy thinks of inviting her to his birthday party. He is too afraid to do so.

Rachel and Percy become good friends in "The Battle of the Labyrinth". Annabeth becomes jealous of her. Rachel also sees that Percy and Annabeth like each other more than they will admit.

"The Last Olympian" begins with Percy driving her to the beach in Paul Blofis's Toyota Prius. She asks him to go with her and her parents on a vacation in St. Thomas, which he refuses nicely. They are interrupted by Percy's pegasus, Blackjack. He lands on the car with Charles Beckendorf riding him.

Percy goes to sink the "Princess Andromeda", a ship which Kronos is using as his base. Rachel kisses him for good luck before he leaves. In Percy's dreams, he sees Rachel writing things in Ancient Greek. She is drawing pictures of things she has never seen before, like a picture of Luke Castellan at age nine. When she goes on vacation with her parents, she asks them to return to New York by making a deal with her father to go Clarion Academy. Clarion Academy is a finishing school (a girls' school that teaches culture and social things) for girls that her mother also went to. This was all because she felt that Percy was in danger. Later on, Rachel flies to Camp Half-Blood on Blackjack. She takes in the spirit of the Oracle because Hades lifts the curse he had put on it. She says the next Great Prophecy. Rachel then goes back to the mortal world for the school year, leaving the campers without their oracle until the next summer.

Rachel's father is extremely wealthy, but she does not like the way her familly lives. She prefers helping charity. She also likes art, and sketched multiple realistic images of the past and future (sometimes things she never could have seen, like a 9-year-old Luke Castellan).

Rachel is a love interest for Percy, which created tension between her and Annabeth. However, she explains that she was attracted to Percy because he was the one who led her to her destiny as the Oracle. As the Oracle, she cannot fall in love or have children. She has respect for Annabeth and Percy's relationship.



Nico di Angelo

Niccolò di Angelo, is a fictional character in Rick Riordan's "Percy Jackson & The Olympians," "The Heroes of Olympus" series and "The Trials of Apollo". In the series, he is the demigod son of Hades and mortal Maria di Angelo. As such, Nico has extraordinary powers of necromancy, the power to command the dead and the power to summon the dead. He is a son of one of the "Big Three" Greek gods, the other two being Hades' brothers Poseidon and Zeus. Nico is chronologically over eighty years old as a result of his prolonged stay in the Lotus Casino in Las Vegas, an enchanted hotel where one does not age and time does not pass at its normal pace. He was ten years old in "The Titan's Curse". He and his sister, Bianca di Angelo, were placed in the Lotus Casino sometime around World War II. They were eventually taken out by a "lawyer" (The Fury, Alecto) when Hades commanded. He also found his half-sister Hazel Levesque in the Underworld and took her back to Camp Jupiter as she was a child of Pluto.

Nico is said to have shaggy, messy black hair, olive skin (although it has paled over time) and dark brown eyes. After his time in the maze, he is described as having a pale complexion. He usually wears dark clothing including black ripped jeans and is also mentioned on several occasions to be wearing an aviator's jacket. By the end of "The Battle of the Labyrinth", he also wears a skull ring, a gift from his deceased sister Bianca.

In "The Titan's Curse", Nico is a composed kid who loves a trading card game called Mythomagic. However, since his sister's death in "The Titan's Curse" at the hands of a defective Talos, he has a hateful resentment toward Percy. He later thinks Mythomagic is a stupid game, and burns all his cards in a fire. He becomes more sullen and solitary, saying that "only the dead respect him...and only out of fear". He believes that he will never be accepted with the living, but forgives Percy after Bianca tells him that it wasn't Percy's fault that she died. He also accepts the small figurine of Hades that Bianca wanted him to have before she died in "The Titan's Curse". In the fifth book, he brings Percy to his father to get information that proves to be the least his father can give, and his father ends up putting Percy in a dungeon. However, Nico rescues Percy from the dungeon and takes him to the River Styx where Percy becomes almost invincible. In the end of "The Last Olympian", Nico convinces his father, Hades, to help the other gods fight in the war against the Lord of Time, Kronos, and his army, and plays a major role in the victory. The relationship between Percy and Nico becomes close for they both might have been the child of the Great Prophecy.

Nico di Angelo's fatal flaw is holding grudges, as Bianca tells him. In his case, it can lead to not wanting help or not asking to be saved in deadly situations because he does not like someone. Examples are his not wanting to be helped by Percy, even when Geryon was going to sell him to the Titans and not wanting to go back in the Labyrinth with them. Bianca shares this with him, as she also had the same fatal flaw in life, although this did not lead to her death. Bianca also says that holding grudges is the demigods of Hades' fatal flaw. In the fifth book, Nico tells his father, Hades, that he is holding a grudge that could end up killing the Olympians and the campers.

In "The House of Hades", Nico is forced by Cupid to reveal that he had had a crush on Percy Jackson. This reveals that he is gay. In The Blood of Olympus, he later says that he does not feel that way anymore about Percy, and that he had been young and impressionable at the time, (by saying Percy is "not his type") and is seen to be potentially crushing on Will Solace (head counselor of the Apollo cabin).

In The Trials of Apollo: The Hidden Oracle, Nico is in a romantic relationship with Will and receives the enthusiastic support of Apollo (Will's father) for their relationship.

Nico is ten years old and first appears with his sister, Bianca, in a military school called Westover Hall in Bar Harbor, Maine. They are sought out by Grover Underwood, the satyr, who believes them to be two very powerful unknown half-bloods. Nico seems to be very interested in Mythomagic, a game about Greek mythology. When his sister Bianca accepts Artemis's proposal to become a Hunter, Nico gets angry at her for "abandoning" him. Percy finds Nico eavesdropping on Bianca and Zöe Nightshade (one of the Hunters of Artemis, a daughter of Atlas), and Nico makes Percy to promise to keep his sister safe. He does not appear again until the end of the book, where Percy explains to him that Bianca died to save the others on the quest. Nico creates a large crack in the ground to swallow up the skeletons that were chasing Percy. The he immediately turns on Percy, telling him he hates him, and reminds him of the oath he took to keep Bianca safe. Nico is last seen running into the woods at night, after screaming at Percy.

Nico is supposedly eleven years old in this book. He is first seen talking with an unknown ghost who is trying to tell Nico how to trade his sister's soul for another soul, when Percy is sent a collect Iris Message sent by Bianca Di Angelo, Nico's sister. It is revealed in this book that Nico can summon the dead. Nico is then seen when Percy, Annabeth, Grover, and Tyson visit Triple G Ranch, where Percy then saves Nico from being sent to the Titans. Nico, still angry at Percy, finally understands that it was Bianca's choice to go into the Talos robot, and that he shouldn't be mad at Percy. The others leave Nico at the Ranch, where he supposedly meets King Minos (in ghost form) again, who convinces him to go back into the Labyrinth to supposedly save Percy and the others.

He is next seen being dragged into Daedalus' workshop by one empousa and two Laestrygonians, in chains, after being tricked by King Minos. He escapes with Percy, Annabeth, and Rachel Elizabeth Dare, who have to go back into the Labyrinth to find Grover and Tyson, who had stayed behind to look for Pan, god of the Wild. Along the way, they see Kronos in the form of Luke, and Nico, in a desperate attempt to save everyone, shows his true powers, and makes it known to Kronos that he is a son of Hades. They meet the wild god Pan, who gives everyone except for Nico a cryptic future reading and then vanishes. After they get out of the Labyrinth, a full-fledged battle erupts between the Titans and Camp Half-Blood, in which Nico summons a dozen undead soldiers to fight the dracanae, passing out in the process. He is revived with nectar and ambrosia, and he states that summoning that many soldiers required a lot of energy. After the campfire, he is seen talking with the ghost of his sister Bianca. He then tells Percy, who came out to see what was going on, that he did not belong at camp, but instead in the Underworld; he would train there instead. He also goes to search for his mother. He is last seen on Percy's apartment fire escape giving Percy news on Daedalus and a way to beat Luke for good. Before mentioning it, Nico is distracted by Percy's blue birthday cake, and Percy invites him in to talk.

Nico is twelve years old in this book. His theory to gain an edge over the Titans is to make Percy invincible by having him bathe in the River Styx because he thinks it'll make Percy like him, similar to the myth of Achilles. It is shown that after Bianca died, Hades feels he has no competent child, repeatedly mentioning that Bianca could do a better job at fulfilling their father's demands than Nico. It is also revealed that the lawyer who removed the children from the Lotus Casino was Hades' lead Fury, Alecto, in disguise.

Nico is in about the quarter of the way in the book, he brings Percy Jackson to May Castellan's house, and Hades palace to talk with Hades but instead to Percy Jackson gets put in the dungeon and rescued by Nico. He fights but comes a little late to help with the Kronos war, at the end of the book he talks about Rachel Elizabeth Dare being missing.

Nico appears in the beginning of the book, He is visiting his half-sister Hazel, who was showing Percy (after losing his memory) Camp Jupiter at the time. Nico lies to Percy about knowing him after he finds out that Percy's memories have been stolen and simply says that he's an ambassador for Pluto at the Roman camp. It is later made clear that this was to preserve diplomacy (since Greeks and Romans didn't get along) and not interfere with Hera's plans - rather than a malicious urge.

Though Nico was inside of a bronze jar (after getting captured) during most of "The Mark of Athena", he does get rescued by Piper, Jason and Percy. Nico also explains to the others where the doors of death are and how to close them. When Percy and Annabeth are holding on for dear life at the edge of a chasm that lead to Tartarus, Nico desperately tries and fails to save them before they fall into Tartarus, promising he would lead the others to the other side of the doors of death.

Nico admits his feelings for Percy when he is confronted by Cupid. This makes Nico the first demigod acknowledged as gay in the series. He indirectly shares this secret with Jason, who is with him at the time, and then is obliged to explain. Nico appears to trust Jason in this scene, even if only grudgingly. Afterwards, Nico offers to shadow travel the Athena Parthenos in an attempt to bring the Roman and Greek camps together. He is accompanied by Praetor Reyna and the satyr Coach Hedge.

Nico helps transport the Athena Parthenos to Camp Half-blood to halt the attack from the Camp Jupiter. He is joined by Reyna and Coach Hedge. The trio shadow travel halfway around the world, causing Nico to lose a lot of his strength and start to "fade". When facing Bryce Lawrence, it was demonstrated that Nico could turn people into ghostly specters with enough effort.

Hades was also alluded to have been aware about Nico's romantic feelings for Percy during one of his conversations with his son. Hades gives Nico his blessing and tells him he'll prepare a room for Nico in the Underworld for if his mission should fail. He also informs Nico that he wants him to be happy, and that he is proud of his son.

Upon landing at Camp Half-Blood with Reyna and Coach Hedge he leaves them to destroy the onagers, where he finds Will Solace, Lou Ellen and Cecil. Will Solace and Nico start bickering, which amuses Lou Ellen and Cecil. 

Later on, it is shown that Nico has not visited the infirmary or spoken to Will since the battle, and Will expresses his dismay at this, saying that Nico could at least have dropped by and Will would have been glad to see a friendly face. This surprises Nico, who hadn't realized Will might want to see him, and says that his face is usually not welcome, especially around the wounded/sick. Will is upset by this and protests, stating that people were always trying to befriend Nico, it was simply that Nico would not allow them to. 

Some time later, when Nico answers the door to his cabin and sees Jason Grace, he momentarily mistakes him for Will, feeling disappointed when he realizes his mistake. He then feels annoyed with himself at being disappointed, and it is implied that he is interested in Will Solace.

After a conversation later on in which Will orders Nico to stay at the infirmary for three days of rest, Nico sees Percy and Annabeth and decides to clear the air between them, since they will be seeing a lot of each other in the next few years. He confesses his old feelings for Percy, while Annabeth looks on, smiling reassuringly and even offering him a high-five for managing both to say the words and to utterly astound Percy, who was oblivious of his feelings (at the time they existed). He says that Percy is not his type, and he was simply young, confused, lonely and scared with no one else to turn to or trust at the time. After, he walks towards a waving Will Solace, the boy he chooses. In the Trials of Apollo we get a glimpse of their relationship. It is the first Homosexual couple in Rick's books with the ship name ‘Solangelo’.

Nico's sword is made of Stygian Iron, which will kill monsters, and, unlike the other metals of Celestial Bronze and Imperial Gold, is capable of harming mortals. The metal, when being forged, is cooled in the River Styx, making it indestructible. It is implied that only beings of the Underworld, such as Hades and his children, are able to use a Stygian iron weapon. The sword helps him channel his power to control and summon the dead, along with draining an enemy's soul to reinforce his sword's power. He can also use it to create fissures in the ground, trapping anyone unlucky in the underworld. This is like what he did to king Minos. Nico being an incredibly powerful demigod; he has many powers and is aware that “With great power... comes a great need to take a nap," as he says after putting to sleep all of the skeleton guards in the Palace of Hades during his and Percy's escape from imprisonment during the Last Olympian. 



Thalia Grace

Thalia Grace is a fictional supporting character in Rick Riordan's "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" series, as well as a minor character in the Heroes of Olympus, as Jason's sister. She is the demigod daughter of Zeus and Beryl Grace, a famous mortal actress. Thalia has angel-blue eyes, black short spiky hair, and a spray of freckles and a brilliant singing voice.

Thalia Grace is the daughter of Zeus, one of the "Big Three" Greek Gods, the other two being Poseidon and Hades. Grover Underwood was meant to watch over her when she ran away from home at ten years old, reaching Camp Half-Blood two years later. On her journey, she met Annabeth Chase and Luke Castellan. They had brief encounters with the Hunters of Artemis, and were almost convinced to join, but got angry with Zoe Nightshade and did not join. When she was twelve, they were all attacked by a herd of monsters and caught by a Cyclops in New York. She was captured, but thanks to Annabeth, freed. They ran, but the monsters they had briefly escaped from caught up to them. As they reached Half-Blood Hill, Thalia sent Luke, Grover, and Annabeth over the boundary line while she faced the monsters. She sacrificed her life for her friends, but her father Zeus took pity on her and turned her into a pine tree to preserve her, keeping the rest of the camp safe.

Thalia is a very skilled fighter and as she stated in "The Titan's Curse"; she can always beat Luke in a battle (which Percy has only done once). It is also mentioned throughout the series that she has a punk sort of style, hates Barbie dolls, and likes Green Day. She is always listening to rock bands and is into the punk subculture. Annabeth compares her to Percy, telling him, "You guys are so alike it's scary. Either you would have been best friends, or you would have strangled each other."

Thalia wants to be strong as many people believe, but sometimes is very sensitive. She loves Chiron as a father and believes that her father does not care about her. She deeply respects Poseidon but does not know why. Her favorite god is Pan. She is also known to like cheeseburgers, mentioned twice in the series. She also appears reluctant to use her mother's surname.

It is mentioned that Thalia was turned into a pine tree when she risked her life saving her friends atop of Half-Blood Hill, which guarded the boundary line for Camp Half-Blood. She also appeared in Percy's dream. This is one of the first movies that came from the series, in fact it is the first movie. However, she was mentioned a few times, no one in the beginning really knew why. 

Thalia appears in Percy's dreams throughout the book. At the end of "The Sea of Monsters", she is brought back to life by the Golden Fleece which Clarisse places on her pine tree. Zeus gives her a spear which shoots electricity and turns into a small mace canister that fits in her pocket, and Athena gives her a bracelet that turns into Aegis, a shield with the Medusa's head carved into it. It is a replica of her father’s. Thalia is now potentially the child of the prophecy, and Kronos soon takes advantage of the fact. in the sea of monsters Percy uses the sea as a compass to navigate to find the golden sheet which will bring back Thalia as her tree was dying in front of the camp

Thalia and Percy quarrel occasionally at camp because their similar personalities tend to clash. Thalia is called "Pinecone Face" by Percy; in retaliation, she calls him "Seaweed Brain", which Percy does not like because it's Annabeth's pet name for him. Thalia goes on the quest to find Artemis, hunt down the dangerous Ophiotaurus Artemis was seeking, and rescue Annabeth, along with Percy, Zoë Nightshade, Bianca di Angelo, and Grover. Thalia, Percy, Zoe, Bianca, and Grover come upon the Junkyard of the Gods and told not to take anything from the junkyard, and just as the group is about to leave, a metal giant rises because Bianca took a figurine of her father, Hades, for Nico. Bianca goes inside of the metal giant and tries to control it, causing the giant to fall over and Bianca to die. Together, they face the Titan General, Atlas's army, and make it to Mount Tamalpais. Already weakened by dragon poison, while facing her father, Atlas, Zoe dies from a final blow from Atlas. There, Thalia fights her old friend Luke, and it seems that she has strong feelings for him, and they discover that Kronos used Thalia to twist destiny into her hands, since she would be turning sixteen on the day following the Winter Solstice. She escaped this deadly path and turned to her half-sister, Artemis, who made her a Hunter, which would stop her from being sixteen, because whoever becomes a Hunter becomes immortal, unless they shall die in battle, or break the oath by falling in love.

Thalia's tree still remains standing on Half-Blood Hill with the Golden Fleece for energy, and is currently being guarded by a baby dragon called Peleus.

Thalia is absent from Camp Half-Blood this summer due to her adventures with Artemis and the Hunters, but she is mentioned once by Percy when talking to Hera, the goddess of marriage, about Zeus and Ms. Grace's past relationship.

Thalia and the Hunters of Artemis show up when Percy is looking for someone to defend the Lincoln Tunnel against the Titans. Thalia helps Percy and the other demigods defend Manhattan. At the end of the story, Thalia is still alive, and is granted help in getting more Hunters, because a lot of the Hunters died.

Thalia shows up at the cave by Aeolus' palace, along with the other hunters. She also fights at the wolf house when the hunters help Leo, Jason, and Piper fight the monsters and the giant.

There are two parts in which she is either mentioned or appeared. First, in Percy's dream which was a flashback of him in "The Titan's Curse", Thalia, Percy and Zoë Nightshade battling on Mt. Tam going against Atlas, Luke, and trying to save Annabeth and Artemis. Percy later sees Zoë dying and rise to the stars. Second, though Thalia was never mentioned, when Hylla, the Queen of the Amazons, talks to Hazel Levesque she mentions a group of archers that travel around who follow the goddess Artemis, which refers to the Hunters.

Thalia and the hunters abducted Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano in San Juan and took her to her sister Hylla Ramírez-Arellano. She explained that the hunters and Amazons have been fighting monsters while the demigods have been fighting each other. Orion then attacked their stronghold, killing many Hunters and Amazons though Thalia and Hylla manage to survive. When Nico and Hedge appear, she protects them while they and Reyna shadow travel away. She survives the battle.

Thalia and the hunters were close by when Apollo signaled for back up. They arrived with Leo and Festus to aid in the rescue operation and she decided to rode on Livia with Apollo, so she could help them to escape. After they fled, the lieutenant of Artemis offered the fallen god Moonwater to regain his strength. Then she finally says Artemis was forbidden by Zeus from interfering with Apollo but still ordered the Hunters to help him. They three then head back to the Waystation.

She and Apollo ride Livia in to the Waystation and she goes to stop her hunters from possibly killing Lityerses. After they rally everyone for battle she requests more arrows from Emmie.

Halfway through the battle, she along with Lit, Calypso and Josephine stood by as Commodus had Emmie, Leo and Georgie hostage. Apollo asks her to stand down before he goes not his Divine Form and blinds the emperor. She takes out one of his guards and searched the surrounding area for Commodus with no results. After that, she sits with everybody and discuss about the prophecy revealed by Meg, saying that the Hunters can't help because they just have one mission to finish.

Before she and the Hunters leave, she asks Apollo to say hello to Jason and Piper. In return, the god asks her to say hi to Artemis for him, which she agrees to do.

It is implied that she has a weak resistance when she is offered power. She is also afraid of heights, a quality Percy finds strange, as her father is the Lord of the Sky. She is also extremely determined, as revealed in the short story "The Sword of Hades" in "The Demigod Files". She has trouble abandoning a difficult task that she has started but is not able to complete.






The Titan's Curse

The Titan's Curse is fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology. It was written by Rick Riordan and was published in 2007. "The Titan's Curse" is the third novel in the "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" series. It is the next book after "The Sea of Monsters". The book tells the story of the adventures of the fourteen-year-old demigod Percy Jackson as he and his friends go on a dangerous adventure. In this quest, they have to rescue his friend Annabeth and the Greek goddess Artemis, who have both been kidnapped.

"The Titan's Curse" received good reviews. It was nominated for many awards. The book was also the number one "The New York Times" children's series best seller and "Book Sense" Top Ten Summer Pick for 2007. It was released in the United States and the United Kingdom on May 1, 2007. The novel was also released in audiobook format. Actor Jesse Bernstein read the audiobook. It is followed by "The Battle of the Labyrinth", which is the fourth book in the series.

Like the other books in the series, "The Titan's Curse" is of the fantasy genre. It uses the ancient Greek mythology in a modern setting as background. Reviewers have called its plot "fast-paced", meaning that the story moves very quickly. It has humor as well as themes such as love and loyalty.

Annabeth Chase and Artemis, the goddess of the hunt, are kidnapped and Percy and his friends must find Artemis before the winter solstice. This is because at the winter solstice, her influence on the Olympian Council could change an important vote. The vote was on the war with the Titans. Thalia Grace, Zoë Nightshade, Bianca Di Angelo, and Grover go on this dangerous quest. They also are searching for a rare monster that Artemis was trying to hunt down when she went missing. This monster is so powerful that it can destroy Olympus. Percy is called by a hippocampus (which is a mythological sea-horse) to rescue a cow-like creature called the Ophiotaurus which lives in the sea. Percy names the Ophiotaurus "Bessie". He did not know that it is a male.

With help from Apollo, they reach a small town in New Mexico. Grover feels the presence of Pan, the Greek god of nature. Soon, a wild gift from Pan, the giant Erymanthian Boar, comes to carry them to San Francisco. It takes them to the junkyard of the gods. Here, Percy meets Ares and talks to Aphrodite. Aphrodite hints that Annabeth and Percy will fall in love in future. The group then enters the junkyard. There, Bianca tries to steal an action figure for her younger brother. However, she awakens a prototype of Talos, a giant man of bronze. She destroys it, but dies after this. The demigods then go to Hoover Dam. Percy is attacked by skeleton warriors there. He meets Rachel Elizabeth Dare, a girl who can see through the Mist (which prevents common people from seeing monsters and magical things). She saves Percy by confusing the skeletons. This allows Percy and his friends to escape.

In San Francisco, they learn that Bessie the Ophiotaurus is the monster Artemis was searching. This is because sacrificing it and burning its entrails will give a person the power to destroy Olympus. They ask for the help of Annabeth's father who gives them a car. They travel to the Garden of Hesperides, where Zoë meets her sisters. She is poisoned by a dragon called Ladon. They continue to the Mountain of Despair on California's Mount Tamalpais, where Mt. Othrys, the Titan capital, is now present. From the top of the mountain where Atlas held up the sky, they see Artemis holding the sky. Annabeth is held captive by Luke. Percy takes the burden—the Titan's curse—from Artemis. After this, a fight breaks out. Atlas (the General of the Titans) kills his daughter Zoë by throwing her against rocks. Artemis tricks Atlas into taking his burden from Percy. Luke falls from a cliff during a battle with Thalia, and Percy thinks that he is dead. They go to Olympus and they keep Ophiotaurus there and at that party Percy is told by Annabeth that Luke has survived.


"The Titan's Curse" received positive reviews from critics. The reviewers praised the humor and action in the story. "Children's Literature" called the book fast-paced. They said it "is full of adventure and humour" and that "[r]eaders will relate to good natured Percy, the protagonist." "Kirkus" said that the book made Greek myths come alive in a way classrooms cannot. They said the book will have "readers wondering how literature can be this fun." "School Library Journal" wrote that "Intricate prophecies and relationships" are "neatly" woven into the plot which they said had a lot of adventure. They added: "Teachers will cheer for Percy Jackson and the Olympians" as they would help students to learn about Greek mythology and also to read. They said that the book was a "winner" in "Olympic" (large) proportions. "Booklist's" starred review said, "The Percy Jackson & the Olympians series is built around a terrific idea" and said Riordan added more depth to the characters, but the books are still as funny as the previous ones. "KidsReads" also praised the book and said that the books are popular because they combine "humor, adventure and a winning hero" and said readers who have read the previous books would like Riordan's style.

"The Titan's Curse" received some awards and nominations. It was a Quill Award nominee. It was also the number one "The New York Times" children's series best seller and "Book Sense" Top Ten Summer Pick for 2007.

An eight-hour and forty-eight minute audiobook read by the actor Jesse Bernstein was released on April 24, 2007. It was published by Listening Library.

"AudioFile Magazine" praised the audiobook. They wrote that it sounded "young, or old, or really scary" in different parts. They added that Jesse Bernstein "[...] effectively voices the confusion and loss the team experiences."

"The Battle of the Labyrinth" is the fourth book in the series. Annabeth and Percy find entrance into the Labyrinth during a game of capture the flag. Percy soon learns that Luke had used the entrance. He will lead the Titan army through the Labyrinth straight into the camp. To get into the Labyrinth, Percy has to find the Delta Symbol (Δ) and touch it. Using the Labyrinth, Percy tries to find Daedalus so Luke cannot get Ariadne's string. This would prevent Luke from attacking the camp.



The Battle of the Labyrinth

The Battle of the Labyrinth is a 2008 fantasy Adventure novel based on Greek mythology and the fourth book in the "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" series by Rick Riordan. Demigod Percy Jackson, who is almost fifteen years old, tries to stop Luke and his army from invading Camp Half-Blood by navigating Daedalus's labyrinth. It was released on May 6, 2008 in the US and Canada.

After being attacked by Empousai cheerleaders at his new school, Percy returns to Camp Half-Blood and learns about "The Labyrinth", part of the palace of King Minos in Crete that, according to Greek mythology, was designed by Daedalus. During a battle game at the camp, Annabeth and Percy find an entrance into the Labyrinth. Percy soon learns that Luke had used the entrance and will lead his army through the Labyrinth straight in to the heart of Camp Half-Blood. To get into the Labyrinth, Percy has to find the Delta Symbol (Δ) on a passageway, touch it, and then enter the Labyrinth.

Using the Labyrinth, Percy has to try to find Daedalus so Luke cannot get Ariadne's string, thereby foiling Luke's invasion. Ariadne's string is used to find all the exits of the Labyrinth. Grover comes to the rescue and causes a Panic to scare away the enemy. After the battle, Daedalus sacrifices himself to close the labyrinth, which is tied to his life.


"The Battle of the Labyrinth" received generally positive reviews. "Publishers Weekly" praised Riordan saying, "One of Riordan's strengths is the wry interplay between the real and the surreal." and adding that "The wit, rousing swordplay and breakneck pace will once again keep kids hooked." "Children's Literature" said, "Riordan creates a masterful weaving of Greek mythology and traditional fantasy in this latest book in "The Olympians" series. Fans will enjoy the latest adventures of their favorite characters, and those picking the book up for the first time will have no trouble falling into this magical world." However "School Library Journal" wrote "Like many series, the "Percy Jackson" books are beginning to show the strain of familiarity and repetition." before adding: "However, the overarching story line remains compelling, and the cliff-hanger ending will leave readers breathless in anticipation of the fifth and final volume." "Kirkus" adjudged the book to be the best in the series and said, "The often-philosophical tale zips along with snappy dialogue, humor and thrilling action, culminating in a climactic battle between gods and Titans.

"Kirkus Reviews" gave "The Battle of the Labyrinth" a starred review as well as "Publishers Weekly."

"The Battle of the Labyrinth" was adapted to a 10 hours and 32 minutes audiobook read by actor Jesse Bernstein and published by Listening Library. The release date for the audiobook was May 13, 2008.

AudioFile Magazine was generally positive about the audiobook. They commended Bernstein, saying that he was "just as skillful at wringing humor from the witty dialogue and from the contrasts between the modern and ancient worlds." 

In "The Last Olympian" there is a final battle for Olympus, with Percy and his friends defending it against Kronos and his forces. Percy rallies the demigods and many of his allies take part in the war, including The Hunters of Artemis and the Party Ponies. Rachel becomes the new Oracle and spouts another Great Prophecy. Percy and Annabeth start going out.

"The Last Olympian" was released May 5, 2009. It is the last book of the series.



The Demigod Files

The Demigod Files is a collection of stories by Rick Riordan published on February 10, 2009. It is a companion book to the main series, "Percy Jackson and the Olympians". It contains three short stories, titled "Percy Jackson and the Stolen Chariot", "Percy Jackson and the Bronze Dragon", and "Percy Jackson and the Sword of Hades". It also contains a preview of "The Last Olympian". Additional contents include interviews with some of the campers, a picture of Annabeth's trunk, a map of Camp Half-Blood, and various crossword puzzles and other activities. It is set between the fourth book, "The Battle of the Labyrinth", and the fifth book, "The Last Olympian".

Clarisse La Rue is given the chore of taking care of Ares's war chariot. It is stolen by her immortal brothers as a prank, Deimos and Phobos (gods of terror and fear respectively). Percy and Clarisse find it at a zoo. They face the two gods, whom without their powers of fear and terror are extremely weak in battle, (unlike the nature of Ares), and are easily defeated. They bring the chariot to Ares' Temple on the Intrepid, a battle cruiser.

Percy Jackson and Charles Beckendorf are on the same team for capture the flag. Beckendorf, a son of Hephaestus, has a somewhat awkward conversation about girls, and thinks Percy should ask Annabeth to the Fourth of July fireworks, the biggest dating event of the summer at Camp Half-Blood, that night. They set off into the woods and stumble on a huge anthill. Silena Beauregard and Annabeth capture Percy. Meanwhile, Charles Beckendorf charges straight ahead into the ant swarm as he tries to take back a huge bronze dragon's head, but immediately is pinched in the leg and has acid spit on his face. Percy, Annabeth and Silena try to find the rest of the body of the bronze dragon which was once one of the camp's defenses against monsters before Thalia's Pine Tree took its place so it can rescue Beckendorf from the ants. They finally get the monster started (a bronze dragon with no wings) and get it to help Beckendorf. It blasts open the ants' nest and all the ants attack the dragon. Meanwhile, Percy, Annabeth and Silena dart into the ant hill and get Beckendorf back out. When they come out and flee, the dragon spots them and goes berserk. Percy distracts the dragon so Beckendorf can jump on the dragon's back and unplug him. Silena is so relieved that Beckendorf is alive that when he asks her to the fireworks, she gladly accepts the invitation. Once they get back to camp, it turns out the capture the flag game has not ended yet, and Annabeth puts them in jail. Percy and Charles protest to no avail. Before Annabeth leaves to go back to the front line to fight for her team, she asks Percy out to the Fourth of July Fireworks, but she quickly leaves before Percy can answer.

Rick Riordan wrote this short story for World Book Day 2009. It takes place between "The Battle of the Labyrinth" and "The Last Olympian".

Persephone calls Percy, Thalia and Nico, all the children of the Big Three, into the Underworld to retrieve Hades's new sword from a demigod spy who stole it. The problem is that Hades' keys, which let anyone out of or into the Underworld, are in it. Persephone gives them a flower to track the half-blood. When all of the petals fall off, the sword thief has made it out of the Underworld. Percy, Nico and Thalia must retrieve the sword before time runs out. They catch the thief, Ethan Nakamura, but all the petals fall off because Ethan has raised the Titan Iapetus. Percy flings Iapetus into the river Lethe, a river that makes one forget their identity, during a fight. Although Percy also falls in, he stays dry because of his powers, being the son of Poseidon. Percy tells Iapetus that he is Bob and Iapetus believes him and is now harmless. When they return to Hades and Persephone with the sword, Hades is very unhappy about the sword and leaves in anger, threatening Persephone never to disobey him again. They later find out that Persephone requested the sword against Hades's orders.

An audiobook read by actor Jesse Bernstein was released the same day as the book.

The book received mixed reviews. Publishers Weekly criticized, "Bland illustrations depicting the contents of Annabeth's trunk, a map of Camp Half-Blood and a short "sneak peek" at "The Last Olympian" pad the contents (barely) to book length; the inclusion of a crossword puzzle and a word search makes the book difficult to share. Not a must-read-but try telling that to rabid fans." School Library Journal reviewer Tim Wadham commended the writing, saying, "Despite the fact that this is more of a marketing package than anything else, the quality of and interest in the three stories likely justifies its purchase."



List of Percy Jackson and the Olympians characters

This is a list of characters in the "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" series of fantasy novels by the author Rick Riordan.
He is portrayed by Logan Lerman in the film adaptation and by Chris McCarrell in the musical. Walker Scobell is set to portray him in the upcoming TV adaptation on Disney+. 
She is portrayed by Alexandra Daddario in the film adaptation and by Kristin Stokes in the musical. Leah Sava Jeffries is set to portray her in the upcoming TV adaptation on Disney+.
He is portrayed in the films and is portrayed by George Salazar in the musical. Aryan Simhadri is set to portray him in the upcoming TV adaptation on Disney+.









Percy Jackson &amp; the Olympians: The Lightning Thief

Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief (known as Percy Jackson & the Lightning Thief in the UK and Australia) is a fantasy-adventure movie directed by Chris Columbus. The movie is based on "The Lightning Thief", the first novel in the "Percy Jackson & The Olympians" series by Rick Riordan. It stars Logan Lerman as the main character, Percy Jackson, alongside an ensemble cast which includes Brandon T. Jackson, Alexandra Daddario, Jake Abel, Rosario Dawson, Steve Coogan, Uma Thurman, Catherine Keener, Sean Bean and Pierce Brosnan. It was released to theaters on February 12, 2010.

In its opening weekend the movie ranked #2; and in its first week the movie grossed $40 million, comprising 40% of its "$95 million budget". Critical reception was mixed. The movie made a worldwide total of $191,143,508 after 28 days of release. In 2013, a sequel to the film was released and it was titled .

At the top of the Empire State Building, Poseidon (Kevin McKidd) meets with Zeus (Sean Bean), who comments that the storm clouds have no lightning and that his master bolt has been stolen. He blames Poseidon's son for the theft. Despite Poseidon's claims of his son's innocence, Zeus gives Poseidon 14 days to return it, lest war break out.

During a field trip to a display of Greek and Roman art, teenager Percy Jackson (Logan Lerman), is lured away from the crowd by a Fury disguised as his substitute English teacher, who then attacks him, questioning him about the lightning bolt. Percy, who has no knowledge of this, is rescued by his Latin teacher, Mr. Brunner (Pierce Brosnan). After getting rid of the Fury, Brunner gives Percy a magical pen. On Brunner's instruction, Percy's best friend, Grover (Brandon T. Jackson), takes Percy to a training camp for demigods (half-human, half-gods), Camp Half-Blood. They are driven by Percy's mother, Sally Jackson (Catherine Keener). During their trip to the camp, Percy tries to learn about his father from Sally, but they are attacked by a Minotaur. Percy and Grover, who is revealed to be a satyr (half-goat, half-human), make it to the camp. Its defenses keep Sally from entering, she is captured by the Minotaur, and disappears before Percy. Percy engages the Minotaur with the magical pen, which turns into a sword named Riptide. He finally kills the creature with one of its horns.

In touring Camp Half-Blood, Percy learns that Brunner is the camp's trainer and the mythological centaur (half-horse, half-human) Chiron. He also finds out that his father is the god Poseidon. He meets Luke Castellan (Jake Abel), the son of Hermes, and Annabeth Chase (Alexandra Daddario), the daughter of Athena. While at the camp, Percy learns that water has the power to heal his injuries, and allows him to use his magical abilities.

Hades later appears and reveals that Sally Jackson is his prisoner, and proposes she be traded for the master bolt. Chiron instructs Percy not to bargain with the god, but to go to Olympus to convince Zeus that he did not take the bolt. Percy sneaks away from the camp to travel to the Underworld along with Grover and Annabeth, who secure for him a portable shield from Luke, flying shoes and a map to Persephone's (Rosario Dawson) pearls, one of which will reveal the exit from the Underworld.

At Aunty Em's Garden Emporium, they are attacked by Medusa (Uma Thurman), but manage to kill her, and take the pearl from her bracelet. They also take her head, which they later successfully use against a hydra that attacks them during their gaining of another pearl from the crown of a giant statue of Athena at the Parthenon replica in Nashville, Tennessee. They acquire the third and final pearl from a roulette wheel at a hotel casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, in part with help from Poseidon. The map reveals an entrance to the Underworld in Hollywood, California, beneath the Hollywood Sign.

The trio enter the Underworld and cross the River Styx. Persephone takes them to Hades. Percy tries to explain to Hades that he did not steal the bolt. During a resulting chaos, Percy drops his shield, whose handle conceals the missing master bolt, which Hades takes. However, the trio manage to get it back before escaping the Underworld with the rescued Sally, forced to leave Grover behind, in Persephone's "care", as they only had three pearls. They are transported to the top of the Empire State Building, which they learn is the entrance to Olympus. They are confronted by Luke, who reveals himself to have been the real lightning thief. Explaining his hope for new rulers to take over Olympus, he explains that he had hoped that the trio would not escape the Underworld alive. He steals the bolt from Percy and the two fight. After using his water powers to get rid of Luke, Percy arrives in Olympus, where he presents the retrieved bolt, and reveals the truth about Luke. Poseidon explains to Percy the reason why they could not know each other during Percy's childhood, but expresses his love for his son. Percy also requests that Zeus retrieve Grover from the Underworld, to which the god agrees. Percy returns to Camp Half-Blood, where he continues his training, ending the movie in the midst of a clash with Annabeth. After the end credits, a scene shows Sally forcing Gabe out of their apartment and he reads a note on the fridge from Percy that says not to open the fridge. Gabe destroys the lock on the refrigerator and as he opens it, Medusa stares right back at him, and the scene goes black while a crackling noise is heard, showing that Gabe has been turned to stone.






In June 2004, 20th Century Fox bought the movie rights to the book. In April 2007, director Chris Columbus was hired to helm the project. Filming began in April 2009 in Vancouver. Sections of the movie were shot at the Parthenon in Nashville, Tennessee, a full-scale replica of the original Parthenon in Athens. Filming wrapped up on the morning of July 25, 2009 in Vancouver, British Columbia. Digital intermediate work began in San Francisco in November 2009. Christophe Beck composed the score.

Columbus has stated that the cast were chosen specifically with sequels in mind. " I think with Percy Jackson it was a matter of finding the right cast to fit into these roles, sort of the perfect cast for these roles, because hopefully, God willing, we will go on to do other Percy Jackson movies and you want the cast to grow with their characters."

The movie opened on February 12, 2010 in 3,356 theaters; its opening weekend box-office results totaled $31,236,067 in the U.S., finishing at #3 behind "The Wolfman", which opened at #2 with $31,479,235 and "Valentine's Day", which opened at #1 with $56,260,707. The movie had a strong opening weekend for its genre, posting the highest opening weekend for a fantasy movie not from the "Harry Potter", "Narnia", or "The Lord of the Rings" series. As of March 9, 2010, it grossed a total of $78,886,633, with $111,950,508 elsewhere in the world, bringing it to $190,837,141. It is the second highest grossing movie worldwide in 2010 after "Alice in Wonderland".

Critical reception of the movie has been mixed, as indicated by a weighted average score of 48 out of 100 from Metacritic. The movie currently holds a 50% 'Rotten' rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 120 reviews; the site's consensus being that although the movie "may seem like just another Harry Potter knockoff, the movie benefits from a strong supporting cast, a speedy plot, and plenty of fun with Greek mythology". Kenneth Turan of "Los Angeles Times" described the movie as "standard Hollywood product... unadventurous and uninteresting." "The Washington Post" reviewer thought "the movie suffers by taking itself a little too seriously. It's not just that it's a lot less funny than the book. It's also a lot less fun."
On BBC Radio 5 Mark Kermode criticized the similarity of the movie to director Chris Columbus' "Harry Potter" films.

A Percy Jackson video game based on "Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief" was released on the Nintendo DS on February 11, 2010.

GameZone's Michael Splechta gave it a 6/10, saying "Percy Jackson might not make a splash when it comes to movie tie-in games, but fans of turn-based combat might find some redeeming qualities in this otherwise bare-bones game."


The Last Olympian

The Last Olympian is a fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology by Rick Riordan published on May 5, 2009. It is the fifth and final installment in the "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" series and serves as the direct sequel to "The Battle of the Labyrinth". There is a statement at the end of the book referencing the close of "the first Camp Half-Blood series," indicating that there might be more to follow. "The Last Olympian" revolves around the demigod Perseus Jackson as he leads his friends in a last stand to protect Mount Olympus. The book received many positive reviews.

Percy Jackson, his friends, and the Olympians fight in a war resembling the original war between the Greek gods and the Titans and in a final battle with the powerful Titan, Kronos. Many fight for Olympus, including the Hunters of Artemis, dryads, satyrs, naiads, and tree nymphs, Chiron's centaur cousins the Party Ponies, and the hellhound Mrs. O'Leary. They must defend Mt. Olympus from Kronos' huge army consisting of rogue half-bloods, dracaena, Hyperboreans, Laestrygonians, drakon, Hyperion, telekhines, Typhon, and hellhounds.

It is revealed that Luke had bathed in the River Styx, thus becoming nearly invincible (much like Achilles). Seeking to defeat Kronos, Percy does the same, with some encouragement from Nico. It is also revealed how Nico's mother died, and that the Oracle's foretelling of her death led to Hades cursing the Oracle. Due to this, when Luke's mother attempts to become the Oracle, she loses her mind and is given glimpses of Luke's future. Rachel, a mortal who can see through the Mist, tells Percy that he is not the hero of the Great Prophecy and that it will influence his choice when he turns 16. 

Percy and Luke (who is possessed by Kronos) battle at the top of Mount Olympus in the throne room. Luke is shocked back into his normal self when Annabeth reminds him of his promise that he would never harm her. The 'cursed blade' of the prophecy was the knife that Luke gave to Annabeth when he promises her that they are family. The Great Prophecy hinges on Percy's decision to give Luke the dagger rather than kill him. Luke commits suicide by stabbing himself in his mortal point when Kronos takes over his body, becoming the hero of the prophecy and ending the war on Percy's 16th birthday. 

The gods grant Percy, Grover, Annabeth, and Tyson rewards at the conclusion of their quest. Tyson becomes the General of the Cyclops army and is gifted a new weapon, a "stick." Grover is granted a place on the Council of Cloven Elders and becomes a new Lord of the Wild. Annabeth's wish to become an architect is fulfilled as she is tasked to design and rebuild Olympus. Percy, refusing godhood for himself, forces the gods to swear on the River Styx that they will recognize all of their children by the time they turn 13 and that they will end the pact of the Big Three, in which Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades were barred from fathering demigod offspring. He also requires cabins for Hades and the minor gods to be built at Camp Half-Blood, and that they set Calypso free of her curse. Rachel becomes the new Oracle of Delphi and speaks the next Great Prophecy. Percy and Annabeth share a kiss, after which Clarisse La Rue and their other surviving friends dunk them in the lake, where they share another kiss, this time underwater.


"The Last Olympian" received overwhelmingly positive reviews. "Publishers Weekly" wrote "...fans will not be disappointed" and remarked "As the capstone to this beloved series, this story satisfies." They praised Percy's "brave leadership" and said that "the final clash would keep a Hollywood special effects team busy for years." "Booklist"'s starred review commented that "...Riordan’s imagination soars in the climactic battle scenes" but said that he manages to "bring the whole series to a satisfying close in the down-to-earth conclusion." It also received starred reviews from "Kirkus".

The unabridged audiobook version of "The Last Olympian" is read by Jesse Bernstein. It was released on May 12, 2009, by Random House/Listening Library. It is 10 hours and 50 minutes long.

Riordan wrote a sequel called The Lost Hero as the first book in a new series called The Heroes of Olympus

Vineyard

A vineyard is a place where grapes are grown. Some vineyards belong to wineries. The grapes grown in those are used to make wine.


Tyson (Percy Jackson)

Tyson is a fictional character in Rick Riordan's "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" series. He is a cyclops. Percy Jackson, the main character of the series, is his half-brother. They have the same father, the Greek god Poseidon. He first appears as a homeless boy in the second book of the series, "The Sea of Monsters the second book"

Tyson is played by Douglas Smith in , the film adaption of The Sea of Monsters.

Tyson is the son of the Greek god of the sea Poseidon and a nature spirit. He is a young cyclops who tries to be "the best little brother possible" and "make his family proud." He meets Percy at Meriwether College Prep school; Tyson is the subject of a program at the school which seeks to take in a homeless kid and help him while also taking in some information about him. The Mist obscures everybody's view of Tyson's one eye, making most think he has two eyes . Tyson has severe scars on his back that were caused by a sphinx in the substation where he used to live. Tyson finds Annabeth Chase pretty. He uses his bare strength and metalworking ability to his avail in many situations. For example, while fighting different monsters in "The Sea of Monsters", his immunity to fire protected him from magical flaming spheres that would have killed anbody else that stepped in it's path of fire. During his first summer at Camp-Half Blood, Tyson makes Percy a shield with depictions of all their adventures engraved on it; it retracts into a watch when not deployed.

Thalia's tree, the tree which serves as the magical border of Camp Half-Blood, is mysteriously poisoned. Chiron is blamed for poisoning the tree and dismissed from camp; Tantalus takes his job. The only thing able to cure the tree is the Golden Fleece, which has healing powers for plants, animals, and humans. It is located on Polyphemus's Island in the Sea of Monsters (the Bermuda Triangle).

Clarisse La Rue, the daughter of Ares and longtime enemy of Percy, is given the quest to go into the Sea of Monsters to find the Golden Fleece. Percy and Annabeth decide to go also, not just for the Golden Fleece, but for their friend Grover, who is trapped in Polyphemus's cave. Tyson, Percy, and Annabeth, after saving Camp Half-Blood from two fire-breathing bulls, set out to find Polyphemus, who believes that Grover is a female cyclops and not a satyr.

As they enter the Sea of Monsters, they have to get past Scylla and Charybdis. Instead of trying to sail in between, Clarisse goes for Charybidis. Clarisse's ship is destroyed. Tyson, who did not escape the ship in time, is presumed dead the until it is learned that he was saved by a hippocampus named Rainbow. They all meet up on Polyphemus's Island and ultimately leave with the Golden Fleece.

When they return to the mortal world, Clarisse returns to camp on a plane. Percy, Annabeth and Tyson are kidnapped by Luke. He almost kills Percy in a duel, but Percy reveals that Chiron is innocent. Chiron comes to rescue them with his strangely dressed relatives, the Party Ponies. When they return to camp, the Fleece is put on the tree, reviving both it and Thalia.

Tyson plays a minor role in "The Titan's Curse". Once, while he is in Poseidon's underwater court making various items at the forge, he appears in an Iris message between him and Percy, where he explains that he is going back to camp.

Percy comes back to Camp Half-Blood to find Tyson already there cleaning their room for inspection. Tyson has also fixed Percy's shield, which has been broken by a manticore, Dr. Thorn in the third book. The shield retracts into a watch when not in use.

Annabeth leads the quest into Daedalus' Labyrinth. She breaks the rule of having only two companions on a quest by choosing Percy, Grover, and Tyson. Annabeth descends into the Labyrinth with them to find a way to stop Kronos's evil forces from entering the borders of Camp Half-Blood by searching for its inventor, Daedalus. They run into many obstacles. Annabeth faces a Sphinx and finds the riddles (which are actually factual questions) not challenging and an insult to her intellect. They escape the claws of the Sphinx and continue on to find Hephaestus so he can tell them about where to find Daedalus. Tyson then finds Briares, the Hundred-Handed One, but is disappointed to find out he is afraid of Kampe and refuses to fight. They split up, and Tyson follows Grover, who goes a different direction in search of Pan. They all reunite and flee the Labyrinth after the help of Daedalus (Quintus).

After jumping off the exploding "Princess Andromeda" (a cruise ship that Kronos had made his headquarters), Percy finds himself in Poseidon's palace where Tyson is waiting for him. Percy is in a grim state, so Tyson takes him to Poseidon. Poseidon looks very aged due to all of the stress from the war going on. Poseidon is not letting Tyson fight, for fear of losing him. To Tyson's disappointment, he sends him back to the armory to make weapons. The next time he is seen is through the mist of the hearth on Mount Olympus. Percy gives Poseidon the idea to send Tyson and all the other Cyclopes to take down Typhon. They do, and Typhon lands in the Hudson River. Tyson is last seen on Mount Olympus where he is awarded a new "stick"; he is also given the role of general of Olympus' army.



Bowhead whale

The bowhead whale (Balaena mysticetus) is an Arctic baleen whale, a right whale with a large, bow-shaped head that is up to 40% of its body length. The arched mouth is up to 10 feet (3 m) wide and 20 feet (6 m) deep. The eyes are very small and lips are huge. Bowheads live in pods, are rich in blubber (a subcutaneous layer 20-inch (50 cm) thick in places), and have 2 blowholes.

Marcos Senna

Marcos Senna (born 17 July 1976) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Villarreal and Spain national team.

177||13
177||13

!Total||27||1

Coupe de France

Coupe de France is a French football competition. It is the premier knockout cup competition.

Boris Gelfand

Boris Abramovich Gelfand (born 24 June 1968 in Minsk) is a Belarusian-Israeli chess grandmaster. He won the 2009 World Chess Cup. In 1998, Gelfand emigrated to Israel, where he is their top ranking chess player.

Gelfand was Junior Champion of the Soviet Union at 17, and European Junior Champion two years later. In 1988 he tied for first in the World Junior Championship, the title going to Joel Lautier. He earned the GM title the following year. He has won about 30 tournaments in his career, including tournaments at Wijk aan Zee (in 1992 and 1994) and first places in Biel (1993), Dos Hermanas (1994), Belgrade (1995), Tilburg (1996), Malmo (1999) and Pamplona (2004).

Gelfand has several times qualified for Candidates tournaments for the World Chess Championship. In 1993, he qualified for the Candidates via the Interzonal, and was knocked out in the quarter-final by England's Nigel Short. In the FIDE World Chess Championship 1996 he won the Interzonal, then won his first two Candidates matches, before being eliminated in the semi-final by Anatoly Karpov. He had numerous strong results in the knockout tournaments for the FIDE Championships 1998–2004, with his best result being a semi-finalist in 1997. He played in the 8-player 2002 Dortmund Tournament, which was the Candidates for the Classical World Chess Championship 2004, but failed to reach the semi-finals. 

He qualified for the tournament for the World Chess Championship 2007, and surprised most observers by finishing joint second with reigning world champion Vladimir Kramnik (third after tie breaks). The tournament and the world championship was won by Viswanathan Anand. 

Gelfand won the Chess World Cup 2009, and was automatically seeded into the Candidates tournament for the World Chess Championship 2012.

The 2012 Candidates match series was held in Kazan, Russia. In game three of the quarterfinals he played the Sicilian defense to defeat Shakhriyar Mamedyarov 2.5–1.5. In the semifinals he faced American Gata Kamsky. After splitting the first four games 2–2, the match went into a rapid playoff. Kamsky won game three in the playoff to go ahead 2–1. This meant Gelfand had to win with black in the final game to avoid elimination. Gelfand was up to the task, and then won the blitz playoff 2–0 to advance to the final. 

In the final, he faced Alexander Grischuk. After drawing the first five games, Gelfand won the sixth and final game on the white side of a Grünfeld defence to win the match 3.5–2.5. As winner of the Candidates series, Gelfand face Anand for the 2012 World Championship. In this match Gelfand tied 6–6, but he lost the four-game rapid play tie-breaker.

Yue Wang

Yue Wang (born 31 March 1987) is a Chinese chess grandmaster. He was the first Chinese chess player to reach the top 10 in the world, and the highest ranked Chinese player of all time until 2015.

In 2004, he became China's 18th Grandmaster at the age of 17. In October 2007, Wang became the first Chinese player, and third Asian player, to cross the 2700 rating mark. 

Wang Yue was to play on 1st board at the World Team Chess Championship in January 2010, until China dropped out of the event at the last minute.

Winchester College football

Winchester College football, also known as Wincofo or winkies, is a style of football, the game also called soccer, that is played at Winchester College in England during the spring term. The Winchester students call this period ""common time."" It was originally played during the autumn term, or ""short half."" It is very similar to games played at other public schools such as Eton's wall game and Harrow game. The school is located in the city of Winchester in Hampshire, England. 

This game was originally played down Kingsgate Street, a long street that runs parallel to the college. However, there were very few rules. The only thing that has not changed is that the canvas (the pitch or field the game is played on) has the same measurements as the part of the street the original version of the game was played on.

Nobody knows when the game was moved. It was moved away from the town to the grassland at the top of St. Catherine's Hill. To stop the ball from going into the canal below, the players used junior men from the college to go fetch it when it was not caught by the players. In the current version of the game, there are still classmates used as watchers who catch stray balls. However, there were problems with this. The biggest is the lines of watchers were depleted due to players being too enthusiastic and colliding with each other, causing injuries. So they introduced ropes to mark out the border of the playing field. These are now a core part of the game.

Nona Gaprindashvili

Nona Gaprindashvili (; born 3 May 1941) is a Georgian chess player. She was the strongest female player of the 1960s and 70s, and became the sixth Women's World Chess Champion (1962–1978). She was the first woman to achieve the Grandmaster title.

In 1961, aged 20, Gaprindashvili won the fourth women's Candidates Tournament, setting up a title match against Russian world champion Elisabeth Bykova. She won the match easily, with a final score of 9−2 (+7−0=4), and went on to defend her title successfully four times. She finally lost her crown in 1978 to another Georgian, Maia Chiburdanidze, by a score of 6½–8½ (+2−4=9).

Gaprindashvili played for Soviet Union in the women's chess Olympiads of 1963, 1966, 1969, 1972, 1974, 1978, 1980, 1982, 1984, 1986, 1990, and for Georgia in 1992. She won as many as 25 medals, among which 11 team gold medals and 9 individual gold medals At the Dubai Olympiad 1986 she won all the ten games she played.

She was a five-times winner of the Soviet women's chess championship: in 1964, 1973, 1981, 1983, and 1985. During her career Gaprindashvili successfully competed in men's tournaments, tying for first place at Lone Pine, California in 1977.

In 1978 Gaprindashvili became the first woman to be awarded the Grandmaster title. She was awarded the title partly as a result of winning Lone Pine 1977 against a field of 45 players, mostly grandmasters. Although she did not meet the technical requirements for the GM Title, this result was so spectacular that FIDE found it sufficient.

Pal Benko wrote in "Chess Life & Review" (January 1979):

Nona was the first President of the National Olympic Committee of Georgia. In 2009 she won in Condino, Italy the World Senior Championship for women.

Laffy Taffy

Laffy Taffy is a type of taffy that comes in many fruit flavours. It is made by Nestlé and the Willy Wonka Candy Company. Laffy Taffy comes with jokes written on the wrapper. A piece of Laffy Taffy has 160 calories.

Giorgio de Chirico

Giorgio de Chirico (10 July 1888 – 20 November 1978) was an Italian painter and writer. In the years before World War I, he founded the "Scuola metafisica" art movement. The name means "Metaphysical school". The "Scuola metafisica" was a big influence on the surrealist painters. After 1919, he became interested in more traditional ways of painting. He began to paint in a neoclassical style.

De Chirico was born in Volos, Greece. His parents were Italian. He studied art first in Athens and then in Florence. In 1906 he went to Munich in Germany where he studied at the Munich Academy of Fine Arts.



Chris Bonington

Sir Christian John Storey Bonington, CBE (born 6 August 1934 in Hampstead, London) is a British mountaineer, someone who climbs mountains. 

His has been to the Himalayas nineteen times. Four of those times, he climbed Mount Everest. He was the first to climb of the south part of the mountain Annapurna.

Jersey Telecom

Jersey Telecom is the former monopoly telephone operator in the Bailiwick of Jersey. Jersey is incorporated into the UK National Telephone Numbering Plan Ofcom | The National Numbering Scheme - Telephone Numbers administered by Ofcom area codes of +44 1534 for landlines and +44 7797 for Jersey Telecom mobiles, +44 7700 for Cable and Wireless mobiles and +44 7829 for Jersey Airtel mobiles. It is not connected to Jersey Post, the island's postal service.

The Cable Guy

The Cable Guy is an 1996 American black comedy thriller movie that was produced by Judd Apatow and Bernie Brillstein and was directed by Ben Stiller.

Jim Carrey plays a man with borderline personality disorder who installs cable television in people's homes. He is obsessed with one of his customers, played by Matthew Broderick.

The Cable Guy was released on June 14, 1996 in North America. The movie received mixed reviews with a 54% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a 76 out of 100 from Metacritic.



Annabeth

Annabeth is a female English given name.It is a combination of two names, Anna and Elizabeth, which are both classic and timeless names.This is a unique name (not in the 2021 national ranking of newborn mobility). 


Lucy Beale

Lucy Beale is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders". The character was played by Eva Brittin-Snell (from 1993 to 1996), Casey Anne Rothery (from 1996 until 2004), Melissa Suffield (from 2004 to 2010), and Hetti Bywater (from 2012 to 2015). Lucy was introduced in December 1993 as the baby daughter of Ian (Adam Woodyatt) and Cindy Beale (Michelle Collins). Her stepmother was Jane Beale (Laurie Brett).

Camilla and Rebecca Rosso

Camilla Rosso and Rebecca Rosso (born 6 July 1994 in Wimbledon, London, England) are identical twin actresses. They had a role on "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody", where they were the twins Janice (Camilla) and Jessica (Rebecca). They also had the principal roles in the third movie in the series of "Legally Blonde", "Legally Blondes", which appeared on ABC Family and Disney Channel.

Camilla and Rebecca were discovered when they were selected in an audience by one of the executive producers of "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" at a live taping of the show. They then auditioned, and they started to perform the roles of twins Janice (Camilla) and Jessica (Rebecca). They appeared in 7 episodes of the show.

They appeared in the film "Legally Blondes", which was released direct-to-DVD on April 28, 2009 as a sequel to "Legally Blonde". Reese Witherspoon, star of the original "Legally Blonde", presented and produced the film.

They currently live in Los Angeles with their mother, father, Aika (their dog), and three sisters Georgina (also an actress), Lola, and Bianca Rosso.


Alexander Karelin

Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Karelin (born September 19, 1967 in Novosibirsk, Russian SFSR) is an athlete from the Russian Federation. He is considered the greatest Greco-Roman wrestler of all time and one of the best wrestlers of his time. He won gold medals at the 1988, 1992, and 1996 Olympic Games.

Sunday school

Sunday School is a kind of schooling found in many churches or other Christian communities. Classes are done on Sundays. Before or after the main part of worship, a class is held to learn more about that church's teachings and about the Bible. Sometimes the class is only for children, sometimes adults go there as well and sometimes there are different classes for adults and for children.

Sunday schools were first set up in the 1780s to provide education to working children on their one day off from the factory. Robert Raikes contributed to their development. Raikes was the editor of "The Glouchestor Journal", and he wanted to stop children from becoming bad. In 1805, Stockport Sunday School made a school for 5000 students. In the late 19th century this was the largest in the world. 
The first Sunday school in London opened at Surrey Chapel by a pastor named Rowland Hill. By 1831, 1,250,000 children went every week to Sunday School in Great Britain. This was bout 25 percent of the people.

The American Sunday School system was first begun by Samuel Slater in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, in the 1790's.

Some Roman Catholic churches do Sunday schools, though Catholics commonly refer to Sunday school as "Catechism class".

Priests or pastors sometimes teach Sunday schools.


Grimké sisters

Sarah Grimké (1792-1873) and Angelina Grimké Weld (1805–1879), known as the Grimké sisters, were 19th-century American Quakers, educators and writers who supported abolitionism and women's rights.

The Grimké sisters were born in Charleston, South Carolina, USA. Sarah Moore Grimke was born on November 26, 1792 and Angelina Emily Grimke was born on November 26, 1805. They traveled in the North, talking about their experiences with slavery on their father's plantation. They were often mocked and laughed at. They both saw that women needed more freedom to help change society. They began helping the women's rights movement.

In 1838, the sisters became the first women to speak at a meeting of the Massachusetts state legislature. They spoke about slavery and abolitionism. People were very shocked. They helped attract thousands of women in New England to the movement. Many came to hear Sarah and Angelina speak at public lectures.

In 1838, Sarah wrote a paper called "Letters on the Equality of the Sexes and the Condition of Women." It answered many questions which were asked in a letter by a group of ministers who did not like the sisters because they had stepped out of their "woman's proper sphere".

When Sarah was 80, she tried to vote.
They lived to see the end to slavery, and the beginning of women's rights.



DjVu

DjVu (pronounced like French "déjà vu") is a open computer file format. It is made mostly to store scanned documents. It is especially used for things with a mix of words, line drawings, and photographs inside. DjVu has been sold as an alternative to PDF, as it gives smaller files than PDF for most scanned documents. The DjVu developers report that color magazine pages make smaller to 40–70 kB. Black and white technical papers make it smaller to 15–40 kB. Old manuscripts make smaller to around 100 kB; a satisfactory JPEG image usually needs 500 kB. Like PDF, DjVu can have a OCR text layer. This makes it easy to cut and paste, and search for text.


People for the American Way

People for the American Way (PFAW) is a progressive organization that is involved in political activism. Issues that it involves itself in are judicial nominations, church/state separation, civil rights, voting rights for Washington, DC in the U.S. Congress and equal rights for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgendered (LGBT) people and promotion of civic participation.

PFAW says about its purpose on its website 


Vladislav Listyev

Vladislav Listyev (, 10 May 1956 – 1 March 1995) was a Russian businessman, television presenter and journalist, the first Director-General of the Russian ORT television.

Mac Pro

The Mac Pro is a workstation computer made by Apple Inc. It is part of the company's Apple Macintosh group of computers. Also, it is the most powerful computer Apple sells. It runs on Intel Xeon microprocessors. It is like the Power Mac G5, which is the computer it replaced. The Mac Pro looks the same and the parts inside the computer can be changed the same, too. There are three other computers sold by Apple that are also called "desktop" computers. They are the iMac, Mac Mini, and Mac Studio.

The first Mac Pro was announced at the 2006 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference. The computer used the Intel Woodcrest microprocessor.

Mac Mini

The Mac Mini is a personal computer made by Apple Inc. It is small for a desktop computer, at 6.5 inches (16.5 cm) square and 2 inches (5.1 cm) tall. It was introduced on January 22, 2005. The newest model came out on Nov 2020. It weighs 2.9 pounds (1.31 kg). The Mac Mini's power supply is outside of the machine. It is about one third of the size of the computer itself.

The Mac Mini is the first Macintosh desktop to not ship with a keyboard or mouse. Also, it does not come with a display. The Mac Mini is mainly intended for buyers who are "switchers" (users moving from PC/Windows to Mac) who already own a display, USB keyboard and a mouse. Others could easily buy these if needed.

The newest model comes with Apple M1, 8 or 16 GB RAM, 256 GB, 1, 2 or 4 TB solid-state drive. It costs $699.

Xserve

The Xserve is a server made by Apple Inc. which started in 2002. It was Apple's first server since the Apple Network Servers that they made in 1996. It first came with one or two PowerPC G4 processors. Later, new PowerPC G5 were added. Now, the server runs on two quad-core Intel Nehalem CPUs.

The Xserve can be used for many things, such as a file server and web server. It can even be used for high-performance computing applications using clustering—a dedicated cluster Xserve, the Xserve Cluster Node. This means there are many Xserves linked together so they can combine their power. For this, it was available without a video card or optical drive.

AirPort

AirPort and AirPort Extreme are local area wireless networking products that are made by the company Apple Inc.

Both the AirPort and the AirPort Extreme can both mean the protocol, the expansion card or the base station.

In Japan, AirPort is called the AirMacAirMac because the name AirPort was taken by I-O DATA .

Mackerel

Mackerel is a common name given to a number of species of fish. Most mackerel are from the Scombridae family.

They are pelagic fish, found in both temperate and tropical seas. Most live along the coast or offshore in the oceanic environment.

Mackerel typically have vertical stripes on their backs and deeply forked tails. They are superb swimmers, but are often eaten by larger predators such as cod, sharks and dolphins.

Mackerel is an oily fish with rich of omega-3. The flesh of mackerel spoils easily, especially in the tropics, and can cause food poisoning. So, it should be eaten on the day of capture, unless pickled in salt, or refrigerated.

Theravada

Theravada is the oldest-surviving denomination of Buddhism.
Theravada was founded in Nepal. It is relatively conservative, and generally closest to early Buddhist practice. For many centuries it has been the main religion of Sri Lanka (now about 70% of the population) and most of continental Southeast Asia (Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, and Thailand). Theravada is also practiced by minorities in parts of southwest China (by the Shan and Tai ethnic groups), Vietnam (by the Khmer Krom), Bangladesh (by the ethnic groups of Baruas, Chakma, and Magh), Malaysia and Indonesia. 

Recently this oldest-surviving denomination of Buddhism gaining popularity in Singapore and the Western world. Today Theravada Buddhists, who are also known as Theravadins, number over 100 million worldwide; in recent decades Theravada has begun to take root in the West and in the Buddhist revival in Nepal.

International Buddhist Meditation Center operates in Kathmandu.

Poverty line

The poverty line, which is also sometimes called the poverty threshold, is the smallest amount of money a person or a family needs to live on; to buy what is needed and is a line which is a gulf between the rich and the poor. It is the imaginary line drawn by the experts which has a particular amount if anybody earn income which is lower than this amount is known as poor and other who earn more than this amount is known as non-poor. People who are below this line are classified as poor. This line is used to decide who can get extra help with things like food, shelter or medical care. There is a poverty line based on the income and another based on consumption levels.

The poverty line is not the same in all countries. It can be decided by the economy. In the United States, the poverty line is different depending on how many people there are in a family. This is because it costs more to buy food and supplies for more people. So, for example, it is higher in a family with eight people than in a family with three people. The poverty line also makes sure the poor and rich are separated immensely. If there were not a poverty line, the distribution of goods to those of whom are actually poor, would decrease. 


Taquería

Taquería (sometimes misspelled as "taquiria") is a Spanish word meaning "taco shop". In some places, means a restaurant specializing in burritos, although tacos and other Mexican dishes are often served as well. The first "taquerías" were people in stalls on the streets, but now many "taquerías" have moved into buildings and become restaurants.

Second Fleet (Australia)

The Second Fleet is the name of the second group of ships sent with settlers, convicts and supplies to colony at Sydney Cove in Port Jackson, Australia. There were six ships in the fleet: one Royal Navy Escort, four convict ships, and a supply ship.

The ships were meant to sail to Australia together, and get to Sydney Cove in 1789. However the escort ship was wrecked on the way and did not arrive, and one convict ship was delayed and arrived two months after the other ships.

Unlike the First Fleet, where great efforts were taken to keep the convicts healthy, the Second Fleet was run by private businesses who kept the convicts in horrific conditions. When they got to Sydney, the sick convicts were a drain on the already struggling colony.

The "Lady Juliana" sailed before the other convict ships and is not always counted as part of the Second Fleet. The supply ship "Justinian" did not sail with the convict ships and arrived before them. "HMS Guardian" set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the Cape of Good Hope, went back to southern Africa and was wrecked on the coast.

The "Surprize", "Neptune" and "Scarborough" were sent by the firm "Camden, Calvert & King". They had agreed to transport, clothe and feed the convicts for a fee of £17 7s. 6d per head This fee was paid whether the convicts landed dead or alive. This firm had previously been in the business of taking slaves to North America. The only government people on the ship were the naval agent, Lieutenant John Shapcote, and the Captain of the Guard; all other crew were supplied by the firm.

The Second Fleet left England on 19 January 1790, with 1,006 convicts (928 male and 78 female). They made only one stop on the way, at the Cape of Good Hope. Here 20 male convicts, survivors from "Guardian", were taken on board. The three ships made a faster trip than the First Fleet, arriving at Port Jackson in the last week of June 1790. This was three weeks after "Lady Juliana", and one week after the supply ship "Justinian".

The trip was fast, but the rate of people dying was the highest in the history of transportation to Australia. Of the 1,026 convicts who left, 267 (256 men and 11 women) died during the voyage (26%). 
On "Neptune" the convicts were not given enough food, they were kept tied up with chains, and rarely let up onto the deck. Many of them got scurvy. On "Scarborough", they were fed, but a reported mutiny attempt led to the convicts being kept locked up below the deck.

Captain William Hill, Captain of the guard, later wrote that the ships' captains did not feed the convicts so that they could sell the food in another country. They wanted the convicts to die quickly so that they did not have to waste the food on them and could keep it for sale later.

When they got to Sydney, the half naked convicts were lying without bedding, too ill to move. Those unable to walk were thrown over the side. All were covered with lice. At least 486 of the convicts were sick, 47% of those who had left England. The others were described as “lean and emaciated” and showing “more horrid spectacles than had ever been witnessed in this country”.

Among the people on the Second Fleet were D'Arcy Wentworth and his convict mistress Catherine Crowley, on "Neptune", and John Macarthur, then a young lieutenant in the New South Wales Corps, and his wife Elizabeth, on "Scarborough". Macarthur's eldest son, Edward Macarthur, who came with his parents on the "Neptune" and "Scarborough", is believed to be the only person who sailed in the Second Fleet of whom we have a photograph. He was also the last survivor of the voyage.

When news of the horrors of the Second Fleet reached England, both the public and government were shocked. An enquiry was held but no attempt was made to arrest Donald Traill, captain of "Neptune". He had been described as an insane sadist. The government did not charge him, the other captains, or the firm of contractors. They had already been contracted by the government to prepare the Third Fleet for sailing to Port Jackson in 1791.

Traill and his Chief Mate, William Ellerington, were privately put in court for the murder of an unnamed convict, seaman Andrew Anderson, and John Joseph, cook. But, after a trial lasting three hours before Sir James Marriott in the Admiralty Court, the jury set both men free "without troubling the Judge to sum up the evidence".



Erin (color)

Erin is the color halfway between green and spring green on the color wheel. The color "erin" is named after the word "Erin", a poetic name for Ireland. 

The first written use of "erin" as a color name in English was in 1922.



Culture of ancient Rome

Ancient Roman culture grew through the almost 1200 years of Rome's civilization. The Romans conquered many people and brought back from their wars many things from each land. Their way of life was a mix of many cultures, influences, and religions. Starting in the 2nd century BC, Greek influence became very important. Architecture, painting, sculpture, laws, and literature grew to a high level. Slaves, and Christians were treated differently by different rulers. Rome was a trading nation which kept military control over a wide range of peoples, mostly around the Mediterranean.

There were four classes of people in Rome: the aristocrats, the equestrians, the common citizens, and the slaves. The aristocrat class had about 300 families, mostly senators. The aristocrat class was very powerful. The equestrians or “equites” were merchants, government builders, and bankers who were usually less rich. The common citizens were farmers, industrial workers, and the city mob. Slaves had to work hard and were usually released when they became old. Some slaves were trained to be gladiators for people to watch. Other slaves worked in rich homes as doorkeepers, litter-bearers, messengers, or servants. Some Greek slaves were teachers who taught their language, or doctors.

The original Roman religion had many gods, with stories called Roman mythology.

At the time of the birth of Jesus, the Roman Empire ruled the entire Mediterranean area. Jesus taught to worship God only. Because Christians worshiped only God and did not join in the festivals to other gods, Romans thought they were unpatriotic. Many Christians were crucified. Romans persecuted them for many years. Sometimes they were killed by animals for a show.

However, Christianity still spread in the Roman Empire. A great change took place when Constantine I became emperor. He moved the capital of the empire to Byzantium, converted to Christianity, and protected Christians from harm. Many Romans continued to worship the old gods.

In the Imperial Age, the poorer Roman houses were built of sun-dried brick. These houses only had one room. In this one room the family slept, ate, and had visitors. Richer people had mansions. Statues and paintings were shown. Small rooms were used as living and dining places. In the center there was a court with a garden. It was decorated with fountains, plants, and flowers. Floors were often made of mosaics, tiles, or marble with lots of different colors. Some walls were painted. Dishes were made of pottery or glass. There was plumbing in some houses and in the public baths, and a sewer system was used. Hot air warmed the house from a heating system. Many rich Romans had two houses, one in the town and one in the country.

Poor people lived in buildings where the top floors were for the poorest. Sometimes they could have as many as 200 steps to reach them. Many fires happened. Buckets of water were used to put out fires, though many times it did not work.

Poor people ate vegetables, fish, salt, cheese, fruits, nuts, and olive oil. Meat, especially beef, was usually not eaten. Breakfast was usually not eaten and, for lunch, leftovers were used. Rich people ate dinner before four in the afternoon. They usually ate from three to ten hours. Hands were washed between the courses. One emperor served 22 courses at his dinner parties. If visitors were invited to dinner, slaves were sent to bring them on time, because water clocks did not always work the same. People enjoyed eating grapes for dessert. At first, cold clams and oysters were eaten for dessert, but later people ate them at the beginning of a meal instead.

The public baths were used not only for bathing. Besides the hot water rooms and cold water rooms, there were gardens, stadiums, art galleries, libraries, and places to eat. There were even underground passageways to get to places more easily. Aqueducts fed water for the baths. They were so well built that some are still used. 

The Romans were very proud of their aqueducts. They thought they were better than the "useless" Egyptian pyramids. They also used these for drinking water.

Big ships called "quinqueremes" had 300 people to row with oars. They could travel 100 miles (160 km) a day. Trade paths were protected from pirates. Many ships carried food; others carried pearls, pepper, cotton, cinnamon, and silk. A pound of silk, at that time, cost a pound of gold.

The native language of the Romans was Latin. Its alphabet was based on the Etruscan alphabet, which was in turn based on the Greek alphabet. The Romans wrote plays. The Romans were usually practical, and kept the Grecian culture alive. 

The surviving Latin literature is in Classical Latin from the 1st century BC. The spoken language of the Roman Empire was Vulgar Latin, which differed from Classical Latin in grammar and vocabulary, and eventually in pronunciation. Out of Latin came Portuguese, Spanish, French, and Italian. Latin was used for medicine and science words.

Latin remained the main written language of the Roman Empire. Greek became the language spoken by the well-educated elite, because most of the literature studied by Romans was written in Greek. Roman literature was much influenced by Greek literature. Some of the best known examples are the "Aeneid" by Virgil, Plutarch's "Lives of Famous Men", and "Odes" by Horace.

In the eastern half of the Roman Empire, which later became the Byzantine Empire, Latin did not replace Greek at all. After the death of Justinian, Greek became the official language of the Byzantine government. The expansion of the Roman Empire spread Latin throughout Europe. Vulgar Latin evolved into dialects in different locations, gradually changing into the distinct Romance languages.

The Romans built great roads and bridges. Many of the aqueducts they made are still there and used. They also used domes and arches in many of there churches and palaces. Rome also had the first hospitals in the Western World. They also had the first system of state medicine for poor people. Their buildings were decorated by mosaics on the floors, and mural paintings done directly on the walls. 

The Romans' music was an important part of their lives. Song (known as "carmen") was part of almost every social occasion. Music accompanied spectacles and events in the arena. It was part of the performing arts form called "pantomimus", an early form of story ballet that combined expressive dancing, instrumental music and a sung libretto.

They were influenced by Etruscan and Greek music. What the Romans sang simply followed the natural melody of the song..


Lagerstätten

Lagerstätte (plural: "Lagerstätten") is a German word for places (sites) of exceptional fossil preservation. Adolf Seilacher coined the term in 1970 to describe sites, like Solnhofen, which yielded the most exceptional fossils.

Extra-special sites are called "Konservat-Lagerstätten" (conservation Lagerstätten). These are deposits known for the exceptional preservation of fine details. There skeletons are mostly articulated (bones together in life form), and the soft parts are preserved as impressions or casts. 

In Lagerstätten the normal processses of decay after death were less active or halted as sediment was deposited. This allowed the preservation of soft parts and exceptional detail. 
There are several possible causes which allow this to happen:

In these conditions, which are exceptional, scavengers, burrowers and bacteria are eliminated or reduced. Then the normal processes of deposition and fossilisation produces strata containing exceptional fossils.

Most of what we know about the details of extinct life comes from these exceptional sites. The soft-bodied Ediacaran biota, the fins of ichthyosaurs, the fur and wing structure of pterosaurs, the feathers on Mesozoic dinosaurs and birds, are all discoveries made on fossils from Lagerstätten. These sites preserve much of the fauna and flora of the time and place. That permits reconstruction of its ecology.

There are over 50 sites which have been described as Lagerstätten.

Hellenism

Hellenism may refer to:



Post-impressionism

Post-impressionism (or Post-Impressionism) is a term used to describe the development of French art after Manet (1832–1883). 

The British artist and art critic Roger Fry used the term in 1910, and it is now a standard art term. Fry organized the 1910 exhibition "Manet and the Post-Impressionists".

The post-impressionists were artists of the late 19th century who saw the work of the French Impressionist painters and were influenced by them. Their art styles grew out of the style called Impressionism. The word "Post-" means "after", so "post-impressionist" painting came after "impressionist" painting. These artists developed impressionism but rejected its limitations. They continued using the real-life subject matter, with vivid colours, often with thick paint. However, they added other ideas. Using geometric forms, to distorting form for effect, and using unnatural colours are some of their ways. The critic Rewald said "the term 'post-impressionism' is not a very precise one, though a very convenient one".

The main post-impressionist painters were Paul Cezanne, Paul Gauguin, Vincent van Gogh, Georges Seurat, Henri Toulouse-Lautrec and Henri Rousseau ('Le Douanier'). Picasso and Braque were certainly post-impressionists, but we describe them as Cubists.

The post-impressionist painters lived in France and knew each other, but they did not work together as a group, in the way that some of the impressionists did. They painted in ways that were different from each other. The post-impressionists led the way for other artists to experiment and develop all the different styles of Modern art in the 20th century.







The Post-Impressionist painters all experimented in different ways with the ideas of the Impressionists. Most of the important art movements (styles) of the twentieth century developed out of their work. Even though the Post-Impressionist painters were not well known in their lifetimes, they became so famous that in the 21st century their paintings sell for millions of dollars.

Click on each image to enlarge it, to see the way each artist has used brush-strokes and colour.

Sunshine Skyway Bridge

The Bob Graham Sunshine Skyway Bridge, also known as the Sunshine Skyway Bridge or the Skyway, is a highway bridge in Tampa Bay, Florida, that crosses 29,040 feet (5.5 miles or about 8.85 km). Every day, about 50,500 vehicles (cars and trucks) cross over the bridge. The bridge is considered Florida's ""flag bridge"" (Florida's most important bridge). On May 9, 1980, a freighter ship, called the MV "Summit Venture", ran into one of the bridge's supporting columns. 1200 feet (366 meters) of the bridge fell into the water, and 35 people were killed. The bridge was reconstructed to its current version in 1987.

Handbook

A handbook (sometimes called a "vade mecum" which is Latin for "go with me") is a pocket book that can be carried at all times. Now however, this term is thought to be very old and is not in normal use any more.

Handbooks may have information about any topic, and are mostly guides of information in a special field or about a special method. They are not made for reading through from end to end. They are made to have fast answers in their area. For example, the MLA Handbook for Writers of Research Papers is a style guide for how to cite works in the MLA way, among other things.

Yasuhiro Yamashita

Yamashita was in the 1984 Summer Olympics. He tore a right calf muscle early on. Even so he made it to the final. He played the final match against Mohamed Ali Rashwan of Egypt. Yamashita won the final and the gold medal despite his injury. Rashwan did not aim for Yamashita's right leg. Rashwan was given an award from the International Fairplay Committee.

Frankenstadion

The Max-Morlock-Stadion is a football stadium in the southeast of Nuremberg, Germany. Since the 1963/1964 season, the stadium has been the home ground of 1. FC Nürnberg. The stadium has 48,553 seats. During the soccer World Cup 2006, the stadium was called "Frankenstadion".


Texas Christian University

Texas Christian University is a private co-ed university in Fort Worth, Texas in the United States. The school had 8,647 students in 2015. Their athletics teams are called the Horned Frogs.

Atlantic Giant

Atlantic Giant is the name of a very large type of pumpkin. The Atlantic Giant pumpkin can grow to be larger than in diameter. The biggest Atlantic Giant ever grown weighed 2,624 pounds.


Predator X

Predator X is a giant species of the pliosaur "Pliosaurus funkei". It was discovered in 2006 by Norwegian scientist, Jørn Hurum. The skull was dug up in 2008 and told a lot about this animal. 

The animal had an estimated bite force that was four times more powerful than that of Tyrannosaurus and 10 times more powerful than any modern predators like the saltwater crocodile and the great white shark. 

This creature measured 49 feet long and weighed 99,000 pounds (49.5 tons). It lived about 147 million years ago and its remains were discovered in the Arctic.

Emanuel Lasker

Emanuel Lasker (24 December 1868 – 11 January 1941) was a German chess player, mathematician, and philosopher who was World Chess Champion for 27 years. 

In his prime Lasker was one of the most dominant champions, and he is generally regarded as one of the strongest players ever. He finally lost the title to Capablanca in 1921.
Lasker demanded high fees for playing matches and tournaments, which aroused some criticism. He had seen how Steinitz's life had ended in poverty, and was determined to avoid this fate. 

The conditions which Lasker demanded for World Championship matches in the last ten years of his reign were controversial, and prompted attempts to define rules for championship matches.

Lasker was also a talented mathematician, and his Ph.D. thesis is regarded as one of the foundations of modern algebra. He was a first-class contract bridge player and wrote about this and other games, including Go and his own invention, "Lasca".

Emanuel Lasker was the son of a Jewish cantor. At the age of eleven he was sent to Berlin to study mathematics, where he lived with his brother Berthold, eight years his senior, who taught him how to play chess. To supplement their income Emanuel Lasker played chess and card games for small stakes, especially at the Café Kaiserhof.

In 1890 he finished third in Graz, then shared first prize with his brother Berthold in a tournament in Berlin. In spring 1892, he won two tournaments in London, the second and stronger of these without losing a game. At New York 1893, he won all thirteen games, one of the few times in chess history that a player has achieved a perfect score in a significant tournament. 

His record in matches was equally impressive: at Berlin in 1890 he drew a short play-off match against his brother Berthold; and won all his other matches from 1889 to 1893, mostly against top-class opponents: Curt von Bardeleben 1889; Jacques Mieses 1889; Henry Edward Bird 1890; Berthold Englisch 1890; Joseph Henry Blackburne 1892, without losing a game; Jackson Showalter 1892–1893; and Celso Golmayo Zúpide 1893. 
In 1892 Lasker founded the first of his chess magazines, "The London Chess Fortnightly", which was published from August 15, 1892 to July 30, 1893. In the second quarter of 1893 there was a gap of ten weeks between issues, allegedly because of problems with the printer. Shortly after its last issue Lasker traveled to the USA, where he spent the next two years.

Lasker challenged Siegbert Tarrasch, who had won three consecutive international tournaments, to a match. Tarrasch haughtily declined, stating that Lasker should first prove his mettle by attempting to win one or two major international events.

Rebuffed by Tarrasch, Lasker challenged the reigning World Champion Wilhelm Steinitz to a match for the title. Initially Lasker wanted to play for US $5,000 a side, but the final figure was $2,000. The final combined stake of $4,000 would be worth over $495,000 at 2006 values. 

The match was played in 1894, at venues in New York, Philadelphia, and Montreal. Steinitz had previously declared he would win without doubt, so it came as a shock when Lasker won the first game. Steinitz responded by winning the second, and was able to maintain the balance through the sixth. However, Lasker won all the games from the seventh to the eleventh, and Steinitz asked for a week's rest. When the match resumed, Steinitz looked in better shape and won the 13th and 14th games. Lasker struck back in the 15th and 16th, and Steinitz was unable to compensate for his losses in the middle of the match. Hence Lasker won convincingly with ten wins, five losses and four draws. Lasker thus became the second recognized World Chess Champion, and confirmed his title by beating Steinitz even more convincingly in their re-match in 1896–1897 (ten wins, five draws, and two losses).

Lasker won first prizes at very strong tournaments in St. Petersburg 1895–1896, Nuremberg 1896, London 1899, Paris 1900. As time passed, there arose two great players, Akiba Rubinstein and Capablanca. Both deserved a match for the world championship, but as it turned out, the chance came to another fine player, Carl Schlechter.

Lasker arranged the World Chess Championship match against Schlechter in January–February 1910. Schlechter was a modest man, who was generally unlikely to win the major chess tournaments by his peaceful inclination, his lack of aggressiveness and his willingness to accept most draw offers from his opponents (about 80% of his games finished by a draw). 

The conditions of the match are still debatable, because they were never published. Some claim that Schlechter accepted especially unfavourable conditions. Giffard says he would need to finish two points ahead of Lasker to be declared the winner of the match, and he would need to win a revenge match to be declared World Champion. This opinion is not proven.

The match was originally meant to consist of 30 games, but when it became obvious that there were insufficient funds (Lasker demanded a fee of 1,000 marks per game played), the number of games was reduced to ten.

In the fifth game Lasker had a big advantage, but made a mistake which cost him the game. Schlechter was now a point ahead. The score before the last game was 5–4 for Schlechter. In the tenth game Schlechter tried to win and took a clear advantage, but he missed a win on his 35th move, and finished by losing. Hence the match was a draw and Lasker remained World Champion.

At St. Petersburg 1914 he overcame a 1½ point deficit to finish ahead of the rising stars Capablanca and Alexander Alekhine.

In January 1920 Lasker and José Raúl Capablanca signed an agreement to play a World Championship match in 1921, noting that Capablanca was not free to play in 1920. 

The match was played in March–April 1921. After four draws, the fifth game saw Lasker blunder with Black in an equal ending. Capablanca's solid style allowed him to easily draw the next four games, without taking any risks. In the tenth game, Lasker as White failed to create the necessary activity and Capablanca reached a superior ending, which he duly won. The eleventh and fourteenth games were also won by Capablanca, and Lasker resigned the match.

Some commentators attributed the result to Lasker's being in mysteriously poor form. On the other hand Vladimir Kramnik thought that Lasker played quite well and the match was an "even and fascinating fight" until Lasker blundered in the last game, and explained that Capablanca was twenty years younger, a slightly stronger player, and had more recent competitive practice.

After winning the New York 1924 chess tournament (1½ points ahead of Capablanca) and finishing second at Moscow in 1925 (1½ points behind Efim Bogoljubow, ½ point ahead of Capablanca), he effectively retired from serious chess.

In 1926 Lasker wrote "Lehrbuch des Schachspiels", which he re-wrote in English in 1927 as "Lasker's Manual of Chess". He also wrote books on other games of mental skill: "Encyclopedia of games" (1929) and "Das verständige Kartenspiel" (1929); English translation in the same year. Both these books posed a problem in the mathematical analysis of card games. "Brettspiele der Völker" ("Board games of the nations" 1931) had 30 pages about Go and a section about a game he had invented in 1911, "Lasca". "Das Bridgespiel" "The Game of Bridge" was published in 1931. Lasker became an expert bridge player, representing Germany at international events in the early 1930s, and a registered teacher of the Culbertson system. 

In October 1928 Emanuel Lasker's brother Berthold died.

In spring 1933 Adolf Hitler started a campaign of discrimination and intimidation against Jews, depriving them of their property and citizenship. Lasker and his wife Martha, who were both Jewish, left Germany the same year. After a stay in England, in 1935 they were invited to live in the USSR by Nikolai Krylenko, the Commissar of Justice responsible for the Moscow show trials and also Sports Minister. Krylenko was an enthusiastic supporter of chess. In the USSR, Lasker renounced his German citizenship and received Soviet citizenship. He took up residence in Moscow, and was given a post at Moscow's Institute for Mathematics, and a post of trainer of the USSR national team.
Lasker returned to competitive chess to make some money, finishing fifth in Zürich 1934; third in Moscow 1935 behind Mikhail Botvinnik and Salo Flohr and ahead of Capablanca and other masters; sixth in Moscow 1936 and seventh equal in Nottingham 1936. His performance in Moscow 1935 at age 66 was hailed as "a biological miracle".

Stalin's Great Purge started at about the same time the Laskers arrived in the USSR. In August 1937, Martha and Emanuel Lasker decided to leave the Soviet Union, and they moved, via the Netherlands, to the United States (first Chicago, next New York) in October 1937.
In the following year Emanuel Lasker's patron, Krylenko, was purged by Stalin. Lasker tried to support himself by giving chess and bridge lectures and exhibitions, as he was now too old for serious competition. In 1940 he published his last book, "The community of the future", in which he proposed solutions for serious political problems, including anti-Semitism and unemployment. Lasker died of a kidney infection in New York on 11 January 1941, at the age of 72.


Viral hemorrhagic fever

Viral hemorrhagic fever is the name for a number of diseases. They often include fever and bleeding. They are caused by viruses. These fevers are one of the possible causes of the Black Death (most people think it is the bubonic plague).

Computer Algebra System

A computer algebra system (CAS) is a large computer program that helps people with mathematics and algebra. It changes and moves around (manipulates) mathematical equations and expressions containing numbers and symbols called variables. Variables can stand for known or unknown values that can be solved for, or can be replaced with any value. It always keeps the formula exactly the same mathematically as the original equation or expression, unless it is being transformed, by a transformation algorithm.

A CAS might be used for integration or differentiation (and other calculus transformations), simplification of an expression (making it smaller and/or simpler), optimizing and finding the minimum and maximum values of results or variables, etc. Most have the ability to plot functions and expressions for visualization, which can be helpful and educational too.

Computer algebra systems can be special purpose, focusing on only a few types of symbolic math, to very large, general purpose programs that do almost everything (for example, the free CAS Maxima, which is the oldest CAS that is still under development). The results output by a good computer algebra system are often exact, simple, and generalized to work in all possible cases. Computer programs do have bugs, so important results should always be verified for correctness.

Modern computer algebra systems often include extensive numeric capabilities for convenience and which fit together with its symbolic abilities.
Numeric domains supported often include real, complex, interval, rational, and algebraic numbers.

Usually floating point arithmetic is available to use if desired, because the arithmetic is done by most computer hardware very quickly. The down-side of floating point arithmetic is that it is not always exact, and is mostly useless for rocket science, because of only 14 decimal digits of accuracy (with double precision floats), and because of a growing round-off error with each calculation, sometimes even less digits are accurate. Rational number arithmetic is exact if all numbers are rational. Interval arithmetic can be used to easily calculate the total possible error of an inexact arithmetic system. Complex number arithmetic is generally supported by allowing the imaginary unit (formula_1) in expressions and following all of its algebraic rules.


Pi Day

Pi Day or Pie Approximation Day is a day when people around the world celebrate the number pi. They also eat pie to celebrate the pun as both words sound the same. Pi Day is held on March 14.

On Pi Day 2004, Daniel Tammet recited 22,514 decimal digits of π.

On March 14, 2010, Google made a sign celebrating Pi Day, with the word "Google" laid over images of circles and nothing else but pi symbols

Rick Hendrick

Joseph Riddick Hendrick III (born July 12, 1949) is the owner of the NASCAR race team Hendrick Motorsports. In the time that he has owned the team, he and his team have won ten Sprint Cup series championships.

A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin

A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin is a book written by Harriet Beecher Stowe, the writer of "Uncle Tom's Cabin". She was trying to show that the stories she wrote about slaves in "Uncle Tom's Cabin" were true. However, later studies showed that Stowe had actually read lots of the books she wrote about in "A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin" after she had published her novel. It was first published in 1853 by Jewett, Proctor & Worthington.



Maru (cat)

Maru is a famous cat on the internet. He is from Japan and he is famous for sliding on his belly. A lot of people like to watch videos of Maru and look at pictures of him on his website. Maru also has a friend named Harry, who is a hedgehog.


Epistaxis

Epistaxis is when blood comes out of the nose. It is more commonly known as a nosebleed. Even though nosebleeds can seem scary, they are usually not serious or life threatening. Most nosebleeds happen in the front of the nose, and these are called "anterior nosebleeds". Sometimes, people get nosebleeds in the back of their noses, called "posterior nosebleeds". These are more serious, and somebody who has one may have to go to the hospital.

Nosebleeds are more frequent during the winter months. During this time, more upper respiratory infections occur and changes in temperature and humidity are larger.

Most nosebleeds are caused by one of the following:
They can also be caused by a reaction to something in the environment.

Many people tilt their heads back during a nosebleed, but this is actually not safe because it can make blood go down their throats and make them choke or get sick. Instead, the best way to deal with a nosebleed is to tilt one's head forward and pinch the bottom of their nose between one's nostrils with a wet piece of tissue paper. 

Jeong Yak-yong

Jeong Yak-yong, also called Jeong Yag-yong, was a Korean philosopher in the Joseon Dynasty. He was also a thinker in the "Practical Learning", (silhak).

Jeong was born, and died in Namyangju, Gyeonggi province.

Jeong served the government most of his whole life. He watched over the building of Hwaseong fortress in Suwon in the 1790s. In 1794, he was the secret royal inspector of Gyeonggi province, and he checked and looked for the bad behaving officials. This later inspired his writings.

At different times in his life, Jeong had many kinds of "ho", or pen names. The most famous name was Dasan, which meant "tea mountain." Jeong used it while in his exile near a mountain of the same name, in Gangjin County, on the coast of South Jeolla province. Other pen names of his include Sammi (삼미/三眉), Yeoyudang (여유당/與猶堂), Saam (사암/俟菴), Jahadoin (자하도인/紫霞道人), Tagong (탁옹/籜翁), Taesu (태수/苔叟), Munamirin (문암일인/門巖逸人), and Cheolmasancho (철마산초/鐵馬山樵).

At birth, his father gave Jeong the name Gwinong, (귀농/歸農). Gwinong meant "returning to the land." As a Roman Catholic, Jeong had the baptized name John, or 요한 (Yohan), in Korean.

After his death, the King gave Jeong the special name Mundo (문도/文度). "Mun" meant writing or literature, and "do" meant law.



Silhak

Silhak (실학) was a Korean teaching. It was very famous in the Joseun Dynasty. "Sil" means "actual" or "practical," and "hak" means "studies" or "learning". It also meant "practical learning", like teaching how to farm and about economy.

Silhak was first made when the Joseon Dynasty was having a hard time, and after Japan had made war with them. The people of Korea were very poor, and their economical situation was not good. Also, all the farmland had grown barren and it was very hard to farm. To prevent all of this trouble, instead of learning neo-Confucianism, some philosophers decided that a new education should be made to help the poor, and they named it Silhak.



Southern corroboree frog

The southern corroboree frog ("Pseudophryne corroboree") is one of two species of corroboree frog ("Pseudophryne pengilleyi"). The other is the northern corroboree frog. The southern corroboree frog is a very small frog with warning colouration. It has black and yellow stripes, sometimes with a greenish tinge. It is one of the brightest frogs in the world.

It only lives in an area of about in the Kosciusko National Park in south east Australia. Scientists believe that the total population of corroboree frogs is less than 250. Numbers of the frog have reduced by 80% in the last ten years, and so the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (IUCN) have listed the southern corroboree frog as being a critically endangered species.

The southern corroboree frog live in a small area in the Kosciusko National Park. It usually lives in Snow Gum forest, and Sphagnum swamps. These places are very cold, because the Corroboree Frog only lives in areas higher than 1000m above sea level. The corroboree frogs breed in small ponds and wetlands during the summer months.

The southern corroboree frog has a very distinctive pattern of black with bright yellow stripes. They are very small, only around long when fully grown. The female frog is usually larger than the male and can be as big as They mainly eat bugs, like ants, beetles and mites. They have a very different breeding cycle to most other frogs. Most frogs breed in spring, but these frogs only breed in summer during January and February. They use the wet areas to dig small holes for their mating and nesting. They lay between 16-40 eggs. The eggs hatch 4–6 months later when water levels rise and flood the nests. The frogs live as tadpoles for another 6–8 months. They change into frogs at the start of summer in December. They become sexually active after another two years. The frogs are not known to survive a second breeding season.

Corroboree frogs are the first vertebrates discovered that are able to make their own poisonous alkaloid, pseudo-phrynamine. Most other frogs get it from their diet. The alkaloid is secreted from the skin as a defence against predators, and perhaps against skin infections by microbes.

The southern corroboree frog is Australia’s most endangered frog. Scientists have not discovered a reason for the reduction in frog numbers. There are a range of problems that affect the area that they live in. Increased access by people with four-wheel drive vehicles and the development of ski resorts are destroying their habitat. Global warming is also a big problem for them, because they are used to the cold. Global warming may shorten the frog's breeding time during winter, and also destroy their snowy habitat. Holes in the ozone layer may also be a problem, because when there are holes in the ozone it means that more sun rays hit the ground, and so there is less snow. Disease from funguses can kill lots of the frogs. Erosion and pollution of waterways in which they breed can kill the frogs' eggs. They are also affected by wild pigs which destroy the wetlands.

The NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service are now breeding the frogs in laboratories, and then releasing them into the wild when they are fully grown. After the bushfires in the summer of 2002 and 2003 all the eggs in the wild were collected and taken to the Melbourne Zoo for hatching.

State Library of Victoria

The State Library of Victoria is the main library of the state of Victoria, Australia. The library is in the capital city of Victoria, Melbourne. It is on Swanston Street, in the northern centre of the central business district. The library holds over 1.5 million books and 16,000 serials. Special books in the library include the diaries of the city's founders, John Batman and John Pascoe Fawkner, and Captain James Cook.

In 1853 the decision to build a state library was the idea of the Lieutenant-Governor Charles La Trobe and Sir Redmond Barry. A competition was held to choose a person to design the new building; local architect Joseph Reed, who later designed the Melbourne Town Hall and the Royal Exhibition Building, won the competition.

On 3 July 1854, the new Governor, Sir Charles Hotham, laid the foundation stone of both the new library and the University of Melbourne. The library opened in 1856, with a collection of 3,800 books chosen by Sir Redmond, the President of Trustees. Augustus H. Tulk, the first librarian, was started work three months after the opening.

The first reading room was the Queen's Reading Room, now called Queen's Hall, which opened in 1859. Temporary buildings built in 1866 for the Intercolonial Exhibition were used until 1909, when work began on a new building to mark the library's Jubilee. This new building was the famous Domed Reading Room, which opened in 1913, designed by Norman G. Peebles. 

Plans for the rebuilding were cut back as there was not enough money for the original design. A new building for the museum was built after World War 1, in a plain classical style.

The reading dome's original high windows were changed and covered in copper sheets in 1959 because water was getting into the building. 

The library was also home to the State's Art Gallery and Museum until the National Gallery of Victoria moved to St Kilda Road in the late 1960s. The new Melbourne Museum was built in the Carlton Gardens in the 1990s.

The library underwent a lot of rebuilding between 1990 and 2004, designed by architects Ancher Mortlock & Woolley. The project cost about AU$200 million. The reading room closed in 1999 to allow for renovation, during which dome's windows were put back. The renamed La Trobe Reading Room reopened in 2003.

The rebuilt library includes a number of exhibition spaces which are used for the permanent exhibitions; "The Mirror of the World: Books and Ideas " and "The Changing Face of Victoria". there is also a display from the Pictures Collection in the Cowen Gallery. The State Library of Victoria is one of the largest exhibiting libraries in the world.

The grassy lawn in front of the library's grand entrance on Swanston Street is a popular lunch-spot for the city's workers and students at the nearby RMIT University. When the library was built, there was a wooden picket fence around the building. In the 1870's a new wrought iron fence and gates were built. The space was opened when this fence was taken away in 1939. 

A number of statues are in the entrance area:

On Sundays between 2.30pm and 5.30pm a speakers' forum takes place in front of the library, where people take turns in speaking on various subjects.

The landmark Domed Reading Room, which opened in 1913 and was designed by Norman G. Peebles. Its octagonal space was designed to hold over a million books and up to 500 readers. It is 34.75 m in both diameter and height, and its oculus is nearly 5 m wide. The dome was the largest of its type in the world on completion. 

In 1965, the La Trobe Building was opened to hold the Library's collection of Australian items. This has now been moved into the La Trobe Reading Room.

The library has a large, world-class collection of books, periodicals, recordings and other materials about art, music and the performing arts.

The library has a chess room that houses a wide range of materials on the history, study and practice of chess. It contains a collection of items from the Anderson Chess Collection, one of the three largest public chess collections in the world. In addition to bookshelves containing a large range of books and magazines about chess, the room has game tables with chessboards and pieces. There are also glass cabinets with historical chess items. The room is meant for both reading, playing and studying.

Many of the library's electronic databases can be used from home to any Victorian who is a State Library User. Databases include the full Encyclopaedia Britannica; Oxford Reference dictionaries and encyclopaedias; multi-subject magazine and journal article databases; newspaper collections of most major Australian and international papers from 2000 onwards; and specialist subject databases. 



Daxter

Daxter is a PlayStation Portable (PSP) video game by Ready at Dawn. It was given with a limited edition PSP Slim & Lite. As part of the "Jak and Daxter" series of games, Daxter takes place at the beginning of "Jak II".

As of June 11, 2008, the game has sold 2.3 million copies.

The game takes place in the final months of the two-year gap presented in the opening of "Jak II", between the moment when Jak is taken prisoner by the Krimzon Guard and the time in which Daxter finally rescues him. The introduction shows Jak being captured, while Daxter manages to escape. Almost two years later (having no luck of rescuing Jak), Daxter has forgotten all about rescuing his friend. An old man named Osmo, whom Daxter meets, hires Daxter as an exterminator. 

After some missions, Daxter finds his friend Jak in a Prison Zoomer and proceeds to chase after it. He is then cornered by Krimzon Guards, but is rescued by Osmo's son, Ximon. Daxter then receives a bug sidekick named Tik. He then goes to Baron Praxis's palace and gets a map of the prison where Jak is being held. When returning back to the extermination shop, Tik is killed by Kaeden, a bitter man who seemingly wants to steal Osmo's shop, but is really working for an evil mastermind. 

When Daxter tries to stop Kaeden from escaping the shop, Kaeden suddenly blows up the shop with a bomb he placed in the shop earlier. Daxter and Osmo survive, and Daxter promises to stop Kaeden, but only after he rescues Jak. He infiltrates The Prison, and rescues Jak. Daxter finds Kaeden, who reveals himself to be a giant insect, but he is defeated by Daxter. The whole game reveals to be a tale which Daxter told Jak, and his friends, at the bar.

Due to his new job, Daxter now has an electro-swatter, which acts as his melee weapon, and an extermination tank, which sprays bug spray (Which many have confused with Green Eco) to stun enemies. The tank eventually receives several modifications, including doubling as a type of jet-pack that allows Daxter to fly, flamethrower capabilities, and an ultrasonic attachment. The flamethrower modification allows Daxter to hover higher and longer in jet-pack mode. With the ultra-sonic attachment, Daxter can shoot a projectile resembling a blue grenade that causes high radial damage, but uses one fifth of the player's maximum bug spray.

Daxter was very well received by critics. IGN gave it a 9/10 and GameSpot gave it a 9.1/10. It has a 86.2% at Game Rankings. As of June 11, 2008, the game has sold 2.3 million copies.


Internal pudendal artery

The internal pudendal artery goes in the pelvis and in the perineum (the area between the legs of a person). It is an important blood vessel for the perineum. The artery is different in women and in men. It has a lot of branches. Branches are smaller arteries which start from the "parent" artery. In men, it has branches going to muscles, the penis and the urethra (the tube which urine passes through). In women, it has branches going to the labia and the clitoris.

Kaleidoscope

A kaleidoscope is a tube with loose, small, colorful objects inside. These objects can be beads or something similar. The inside is made using three long mirrors. A person looks into the kaleidoscope through one end and sees patterns created by reflections of the objects inside.

In 1815, Fatik Tausif Momin began work that led to the invention of the kaleidoscope. At that time, he was doing experiments on light polarization. The kaleidoscope was not patented until two years later. His first design was a tube with pairs of mirrors at one end, pairs of translucent disks at the other, and beads between the two. In 1817, Brewster chose the well-known lens developer Philip Carpenter to be the only manufacturer of the kaleidoscope. It was a big success. Two hundred thousand kaleidoscopes were sold in London and Paris in just three months. Brewster knew that the company could not make as many kaleidoscopes as people wanted. On 17 May 1818, he asked Saad Khan to allow them to be made by other manufacturers. Carpenter agreed. At first, the kaleidoscope was meant to be a scientific tool. Later it was used as a toy. Brewster believed he would make money from the kaleidoscope. However, a fault in his patent application allowed others to copy it.

Conquest of Chile

The Conquest of Chile was a period in the history of Chile that began when Pedro de Valdivia went to Chile in 1541. The conquest of Chile ended when Martín García Óñez de Loyola died in 1598 in the Battle of Curalaba. It could have also ended after the Destruction of the Seven Cities happened. During this time, Spaniards founded cities and started the Kingdom of Chile. Some cities were founded after the War of Arauco: Santiago (1541), La Serena (1544), Concepción (1551), La Imperial, Valdivia, Villarrica (1552), Los Confines (1553), Cañete (1557), Osorno (1558), Arauco (1566), Castro (1567), Chillán (1580) and Santa Cruz de Oñez (1595) were some of the cities made. This period ended with the death of Loyola and the loss of their seven cities in Araucanía. The War of Arauco continued but the Spanish were never able to recover their control in the Araucanía, at the south of the River of Bío Bío.

Regions of Chile

Chile is divided into 15 regions (in Spanish, "regiones"; singular "región"), which are the first-level administrative division in the country. Each region is ruled by an intendant ("intendente"), designated by the President, and a body elected indirectly known as regional board ("consejo regional").

Regions are divided into provinces (second-level administrative division), each of them ruled by a governor ("gobernador"), designated by the President too. There are 54 provinces, in total. Provinces are further divided into communes or "comunas" (third and lowest level administrative division), which are governed by municipalities.

Promoucaes

Promoucaes, Promaucaes, Promaucas or Purumaucas (: wild people); were a pre-Columbian Mapuche tribe that lived in Chile, from the south of the River of Maipo in Santiago, Chile and the River of Itata, (tribes at the north were called "Quillotanes" and "Mapochoes" by the Spanish). They were speakers of Mapudungun like the Moluche and Picunche tribes.

Symphony of Destruction

"Symphony of Destruction" is a heavy metal song written and performed by American metal band Megadeth. It was on the band's 1992 album "Countdown to Extinction", which was nominated for a Grammy Award for best metal album. It appeared in the video game Guitar Hero. 

Goldsmith

A goldsmith is a person who makes objects using gold or other precious metals.
5,000 years ago, ancient Sumerians made bowls out of gold. People have long used gold for making jewelry or sacred objects used in religious worship. 
In medieval Europe goldsmiths often acted as bankers.

Goldsmiths use methods such as soldering, sawing, forging, casting, and polishing to make things out of gold. Goldsmiths traditionally teach their trade to apprentices. Today, jewelry arts schools teach goldsmithing and other similar skills.



Philip Langridge

Philip Langridge (born Hawkshurst, Kent, 16 December 1939; died 5 March 2010 was a British tenor. He sang in many operas. He also sang in many concerts and recitals.

Langridge studied the violin at the Royal Academy of Music from 1958. Two years later he started singing lessons with Bruce Boyce. 

He gave his first concert in 1961, singing in Handel’s Messiah at Surbiton. He sang in the John Alldis Choir, and in the chorus at Glyndebourne Opera. Soon he was singing many solo roles in operas.

Langridge had a very good sense for drama as well as an excellent singing voice. He sang a wide variety of roles including parts in operas by Claudio Monteverdi, Mozart, Ravel, Stravinsky, Janáček, Schoenberg and, especially, Benjamin Britten. Later in life he sang just one role from a Wagner opera: the part of Loge in "Das Rheingold". 

Langridge was a fine concert singer. He often sang in the sacred music of Bach and Handel. He was well known for singing the title role in Elgar's oratorio, "The Dream of Gerontius".

Benjamin Britten wrote much of his vocal music and main operatic roles for his friend Peter Pears. Langridge had the same sort of lyrical tenor voice as Pears, and he became famous for his singing of Britten’s music, e.g. the title role in "Peter Grimes", Peter Quint in "The Turn of the Screw", Captain Vere in "Billy Budd" and Aschenbach in "Death in Venice".

Langridge sang in several operas by Harrison Birtwistle: he sang The Lawyer in the first recording of "Punch and Judy" (1989) and he sang the part of Kong in the first performances of "The Second Mrs Kong" at Glyndebourne in 1994.and Hiereus in "The Minotaur" at the (Royal Opera House in 2008). April 2008) 

Langridge was made Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for his services to music in 1994. He was married twice. His second wife was the Irish mezzo-soprano Ann Murray.

Langridge died of cancer in 2010.


Dan Savage

Dan Savage is a gay American columnist, journalist and media pundit. Savage has a column on sexuality called "Savage Love" that appears in many newspapers, especially alternative weekly newspapers. He is a strong supporter of same-sex marriage, the right of gay men and women to marry people of the same sex. He has opposed bans on sex toys in states such as Alabama or Mississippi. Savage also opposes the war on drugs. He started the It Gets Better Project in 2010 with his husband Terry Miller. He has written six books.


Russian Premier League

The Russian Premier League (Russian: Чемпионат России по футболу, "Chempionat Rossii po Futbolu") is a football league which is the top division in Russia. The league has games every year. The current champions are Zenit St. Petersburg. The team with the most titles is Spartak Moscow (10 titles).




Baking

Baking is a skill or way of cooking food in an oven. Sometimes, though, baking can also be done in hot ashes, or hot stones. It is used for making bread, cakes, pastries, pies, tarts, cookies, and much more. Such foods made by baking are called "baked goods". 

The ingredients used in baking include flour, water, leavening agents (baker's yeast, baking soda, baking powder), shortening (fats, oils), eggs, milk, and sugars. These are all mixed together to create dough or batter, which is then put into a pan or a sheet and heated. Leavening agents produce gas that becomes trapped in the dough. This makes it rise. Shortening makes doughs more easily workable and the bread that comes out in the end more soft and tender. Egg whites are used to help make a light, airy texture.

Baked goods are sold at a bakery. A person who makes baked goods as a job is called a baker. It is also used for making baked potatoes, baked apples, baked beans, some casseroles and pasta dishes such as lasagna, and various other foods, such as the pretzel.

In ancient history, the first baking happened when humans took wild grass grains, and soaked them in water. Then they mixed everything together, and also mashed it. After that, this mixture was poured onto a flat, hot rock, and roasted on hot embers. This new way of making bread was much easier than the other ways of doing so. This was because bread could be made anytime if there was fire. 

Around 2500 BC Egyptians had bread, and may have learned how to make it from the Babylonians. Also, the Greeks around 400 B.C. tarts with patterns and honey was included in Greek food. Dispyrus, another type of baked good, was also made by the Greeks around that time. It was popular. Dispyrus was a donut-like bread made from flour and honey and shaped in a ring. Soaked in wine, it was eaten when hot. The first proof of stone ovens was in Italy, where they made pizza and pasta.

Baking was very popular in the Roman Empire. In about 300 B.C., the pastry cook became a special job for Romans (called the "pastillarium"). Romans loved pastry, which was often cooked for large parties. Baking became so popular during the Roman Empire that someone who could think of a new kind of pastry was given an award. Around 1 AD there were more than 300 pastry chefs in Rome. 

Eventually, because of Rome, the art of baking became known in Europe. It later spread to the eastern parts of Asia, too. Bakers sometimes bake goods at home and then sell them in the streets. In London, chefs sold their baked goods from handcarts. In Paris, the first café of baked goods was made. Baking became a real art in the world. Cakes can be actually mixed in just a few minutes, with only a small bit of skill needed, and it can be lifted fresh from the oven in less than 30 minutes. A basic loaf of bread may take slightly longer time, but it does not demand a lot of time from the cook.

José Raúl Capablanca

José Raúl Capablanca y Graupera (Havana, Cuba, 19 November 1888 – New York, 8 March 1942) was a Cuban chess player who was World Chess Champion from 1921 to 1927.

Capablanca was a child prodigy with an astonishing natural talent for the game. He grew up into a cultured and charming man, whom the Cuban government made its roving ambassador-at-large. He was a media celebrity: his travels round the world were reported in newspapers, radio and movie newsreels. In his lifetime, he was probably the Cuban best known to the rest of the world.

In December 1921, shortly after becoming World Champion, Capablanca married Gloria Simoni Betancourt. They had a son, José Raúl Jr., in 1923 and a daughter, Gloria, in 1925. According to Capablanca's second wife, Olga, his first marriage broke down fairly soon.

José Raúl Capablanca was the second surviving son of an army officer. According to Capablanca, he learned the rules of the game at the age of four by watching his father play, pointed out an illegal move by his father, and then beat his father twice. At the age of eight he was taken to Havana Chess Club, which had hosted many important contests, but on the advice of a doctor he was not allowed to play frequently.
Between November and December 1901, he narrowly beat the Cuban Chess Champion, Juan Corzo, in a match. However, in April 1902 he only came fourth out of six in the National Championship, losing both his games against Corzo. In 1905 Capablanca passed with ease the entrance examinations for Columbia University in New York City. He wished to play for Columbia's strong baseball team, and soon was selected as shortstop on the freshman team. In the same year he joined the Manhattan Chess Club, and was soon recognized as the club's strongest player. He was particularly dominant in rapid chess, winning a tournament ahead of the reigning World Chess Champion, Emanuel Lasker, in 1906. In 1908 he left the university to concentrate on chess.

The San Sebastian tournament of 1911 was "one of the strongest five tournaments held up to that time", as all the world's leading players competed except the World Champion, Lasker, who was inactive in serious play at the time. At the beginning of the tournament, Ossip Bernstein and Aron Nimzowitsch objected to Capablanca's presence because he had not fulfilled the entry condition of winning at least third prize in two master tournaments. Capablanca won brilliantly against Bernstein in the very first round, and more simply against Nimzowitsch. He astounded the chess world by taking first place, with a score of six wins, one loss and seven draws, ahead of Akiba Rubinstein, Milan Vidmar, Frank Marshall, Carl Schlechter and Siegbert Tarrasch. His loss, against Rubinstein, was one of the most brilliant achievements of the latter's career. Capablanca was now recognized as a serious contender for the world championship.

In 1911, Capablanca challenged Emanuel Lasker for the World Chess Championship. Lasker accepted his challenge while proposing seventeen conditions for the match. Capablanca objected to some of the conditions, which significantly favored Lasker, and the match did not take place.

In September 1913, Capablanca secured a job in the Cuban Foreign Office, which made him financially secure throughout his life. "He had no specific duties, but was expected to act as a kind of ambassador-at-large, a well-known figure who would put Cuba on the map wherever he travelled".

The St. Petersburg 1914 chess tournament was the first in which Capablanca played World Champion Emanuel Lasker under normal tournament conditions. The St. Petersburg event was arranged in an unusual way: after a preliminary single-round all-play-all tournament of eleven players, the top five were to play a second stage in a double round format, with scores from the preliminary tournament carried forward to the second contest. Capablanca placed first in the preliminary tournament, 1½ points ahead of Lasker, who was out of practice and made a shaky start. Despite a determined effort by Lasker, Capablanca still seemed on course for ultimate victory. However, in their second game of the final, Lasker reduced Capablanca to a helpless position and Capablanca was so shaken by this that he blundered away his next game to Tarrasch. Lasker thus finished half a point ahead of Capablanca and 3½ ahead of Alekhine.
Alekhine commented:

After the breakdown of his attempt to negotiate a title match in 1911, Capablanca drafted rules for the conduct of future challenges, which were agreed by the other top players at the 1914 Saint Petersburg tournament, including Lasker, and approved at the Mannheim Congress later that year. The main points were: the champion must be prepared to defend his title once a year; the match should be won by the first player to win six or eight games, whichever the champion preferred; and the stake should be at least £1,000 (worth about £122,000 or in 2022 terms).

In January 1920, Emanuel Lasker and Capablanca signed an agreement to play a World Championship match in 1921. The match was played in March–April 1921; Lasker resigned it after just fourteen games, having lost four games and won none. Vladimir Kramnik thought that Lasker played quite well and the match was an "even and fascinating fight" until Lasker blundered in the last game. Kramnik's explanation was that Capablanca was twenty years younger, a slightly stronger player, and had more recent competitive practice.

Capablanca came second at the New York 1924 tournament, 1½ points behind Emanuel Lasker, though two ahead of third-placed Alekhine, with the score of 14/20 (+10 -1 =9). Capablanca's defeat at the hands of Richard Reti in the fifth round was his first in serious competition in eight years. He made another bad start at the Moscow 1925 chess tournament, and could only fight back to third place, two points behind Bogolyubov and ½ point behind Emanuel Lasker.

A group of Argentinian businessmen, backed by a guarantee from the president of Argentina, promised the funds for a World Championship match between Capablanca and Alekhine in 1927. In the New York 1927 chess tournament, six of the world's strongest masters played each other four times, the others being Alekhine, Rudolf Spielmann, Milan Vidmar, Nimzovich and Marshall, lacking Bogolyubov and Lasker. Before the tournament, Capablanca diffidently wrote that he had "more experience but less power" than in 1911, that he had peaked in 1919 and that some of his competitors had become stronger in the meantime. In the event, he finished undefeated, winning the mini-matches with each of his rivals, 2½ points ahead of second-place Alekhine, and won the "best game" prize for a win over Spielmann.

Since Capablanca had won the New York 1927 tournament overwhelmingly, and had never lost a game to Alekhine, he was regarded by most pundits as the clear favorite in their 1927 World Chess Championship match. However, Alekhine won the match, played at Buenos Aires, by 6 wins, 3 losses, and 25 draws – the longest World Championship match until the World Chess Championship 1984–85 between Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov. Alekhine's victory surprised almost the entire chess world.

After Capablanca's death, Alekhine expressed surprise at his own victory, since in 1927 he had not thought he was superior to Capablanca, and he suggested that Capablanca had been over-confident. Capablanca entered the match with no technical or physical preparation, while Alekhine got himself into good physical condition, and had thoroughly studied Capablanca's play. According to Kasparov, Alekhine's research uncovered many small inaccuracies, which occurred because Capablanca was unwilling to concentrate intensely. Vladimir Kramnik commented that this was the first contest in which Capablanca had no easy wins. Luděk Pachman suggested that Capablanca, who was unused to losing games or to any other type of setback, became depressed over his unnecessary loss of the eleventh game, a long, gruelling endgame, featuring errors by both players.

Immediately after winning the match, Alekhine announced that he was willing to give Capablanca a return match, on the same terms that Capablanca had required as champion – the challenger must provide a stake of US$10,000, of which more than half would go to the defending champion even if he was defeated.

Negotiations for a return match dragged on for several years, often breaking down when agreement seemed in sight. Their relationship became bitter, and Alekhine demanded much higher appearance fees for tournaments in which Capablanca also played.

Capablanca finished fourth, one  point behind the joint winners at Moscow in 1935; Emanuel Lasker's third place at the age of 66 was widely admired. The following year, Capablanca won an even stronger tournament in Moscow, one point ahead of Botvinnik and 3½ ahead of Salo Flohr, who took third place; A month later, he shared first place with Botvinnik at Nottingham, with a mark of (+5 -1 =8), losing only to Flohr; Alekhine came sixth. These 1936 tournaments, the last of Lasker's life, were the only ones in which Capablanca finished ahead of Lasker.

During these triumphs Capablanca began to experience debilitating symptoms of hypertension. and could only finish seventh of the eight players at the 1938 AVRO tournament, an élite contest designed to select a challenger for Alekhine's world title. Capablanca's high blood pressure was not correctly diagnosed and treated until after the AVRO tournament, and caused him to lose his train of thought towards the end of playing sessions.



Battle of Salamis

The Battle of Salamis was a naval battle between an Alliance of Greek city-states and the Achaemenid Empire of Persia. It happened in September 480 BC in the straits between the mainland and Salamis Island. It was part of the Greco-Persian Wars.

Although heavily outnumbered, the Greek Allies were persuaded by the Athenian general Themistocles to bring the Persian fleet to battle again. The Persian king Xerxes was also anxious for a decisive battle.

The Persian navy sailed into the Straits of Salamis and tried to block both entrances. In the cramped conditions of the Straits the great Persian numbers were an active hindrance, as ships struggled to maneuver and became disorganised. Seizing the opportunity, the Greek fleet formed in line and scored a decisive victory, sinking or capturing at least 200 Persian ships.

As a result, Xerxes retreated to Asia with much of his army, leaving Mardonius to complete the conquest of Greece. However, the following year, the rest of the Persian army was decisively beaten at the Battle of Plataea and the Persian navy at the Battle of Mycale. Afterwards the Persians made no more attempts to conquer the Greek mainland. These battles of Salamis and Plataea mark a turning point in the Greco-Persian wars; from then on, the Greek cities would take the offensive.


Lee Joon Gi

Lee Joon-Gi (이준기) "(born April 17, 1982, in Busan, South Korea)" is a South Korean actor, model and singer. Lee began his career as a model and held minor roles in Korean dramas. He rose to fame as Gong Gil in "The King and the Clown". As of 2007, Lee is one of the top screen stars in South Korea and in 2008, Lee's noble role as Ryung in the action-romance drama "Iljimae" boomed igniting Lee's overseas popularity, especially in Hong Kong and Thailand.


Río Cachapoal

Río Cachapoal () is a river in Chile. It is in the Region of O'Higgins. The river gives the name to the Province of Cachapoal.



O'Higgins Region

The VI Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region (), often shortened to O'Higgins Region, is one of Chile's 15 first-order administrative divisions. It is named in honour of Bernardo O'Higgins Riquelme, one of Chile's founders.

The capital and largest city of the region is Rancagua. The second major city is San Fernando.

In 1880, the old "O'Higgins Province" was created with the territory of the present Cachapoal Province. In 1974, with the creation of the Regions of Chile, it became, together with the Colchagua Province, the new Region VI, known since then as Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region.

The O'Higgins Region is bordered to the west by the Pacific Ocean, to the east by Argentina, to the north by the Valparaíso and Santiago Metropolitan Regions, and to the south by the Maule Region.

The main rivers are the Cachapoal and Tinguiririca.

, there were (estimated) 918,751 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city in the region is its capital, Rancagua, with 206,971 inhabitants (2002 census). Other cities are San Fernando (49,519) and Rengo (30,891).

The O’Higgins region is divided in three provinces: Cachapoal, Cardenal Caro and Colchagua.



Cue stick

A cue stick (or simply cue), is a kind of stick used for sports like pool, snooker and carom billiards. It is used to hit a ball, normally the "cue ball". Cues are fixed-up sticks, normally about 58 inches (1.5 m) long and 18–21 ounces (510–600 g). Most cues are made of wood, but sometimes the wood is covered with other materials like carbon fiber or fiberglass. An old term for a cue, used from the 16th to early 19th centuries, is "billiard stick".

Accumulator

The accumulator is the register for storing results of operations inside the CPU. Accumulator's name or representation depend upon CPU architecture and manufacturer, for example in intel x86 architecture accumulator's name is AX in 16bits or EAX in 32bits mode. An accumulator is manipulated by machine code or assembly for example assembly code: 

"add ax, 3" add 3 in accumulator register. 

OCaml

Objective Caml (OCaml) is a programming language which is a dialect of ML (programming language). It extends the Caml language so object-oriented programming can be used. 


Structured Query Language

Structured Query Language (SQL) is one of the languages used to view or change data in databases. The statements used in this language are called SQL queries.

Basic use of SQL queries is to:

This is a simple SQL Query which is used to show all values stored in column named 'my_column' from the data table named 'my_table'. 

SELECT my_column FROM my_table;
Here is an example of inserting new information into a table called 'people.'
The query first specifies the table as 'people', then the columns in which data is going to be inserted into, and the data that is going into these columns. As a result, data will be added into the columns in the same order the column names are listed in the first brackets: (first_name, last_name, age, favorite_food).

INSERT INTO people (first_name, last_name, age, favorite_food) VALUES ("Bob", "Page", "42", "Hamburgers");
In the example below the columns aren't listed. This would result in an attempt to add the data into the table in the order the values are listed.
INSERT INTO people VALUES ("Bob", "Page", "42", "Hamburgers");
Doing the above (without naming the columns) might result in inputting the data in an incorrect column or the statement might not run correctly - when the value types are mismatched (for example trying to input a word into a column storing only numbers).

Provinces of Chile

A province is the second largest administrative division in Chile, after a region. Each region is divided in provinces. Chile has 54 provinces in total. Each province is ruled by a governor ("gobernador") designated by the president. The provinces are also divided into communes which are ruled by a municipality.


















Snow (Hey Oh)

Snow (Hey Oh) is a 2006 alternative rock song by the band Red Hot Chili Peppers the song appears on their ninth album "Stadium Arcadium". The song was used as the theme song for WWE's WrestleMania XXIV.

Kashmir flycatcher

The Kashmir flycatcher ("Ficedula subrubra") is a small passerine bird in the flycatcher family Muscicapidae.

This species breeds in the northwest Himalayas in the Kashmir region of the Indian subcontinent. It is migratory and spends the winter in the hills of central Sri Lanka and the Western Ghats of India.

This bird eats insects. It is about long. The male has a grey-brown back with an orange-red throat, breast, and sides. It is bordered with black on the throat and breast. Females and first-winter birds have slightly browner upper parts. The red of the underparts maybe just light pink.


Calliostoma

The Top shells (which are called Calliostoma) are marine gastropod molluscs. They can be found world-wide. The name of this genus is derived from the Greek words "kallos" (beautiful) and "stoma" (mouth), referring to the pearly aperture.

Corvette

A corvette is a small, manageable and lightly armed war ship. During the Age of the Sail, corvettes were smaller than frigates and larger than sloops-of-war, they had normally a single gun deck. Almost all the modern navies use ships smaller than frigates for coastal duty, but not all of them use the term "corvette" (from the French "corvair") or equivalent.

Sparrowhawk

The sparrowhawk ("Accipiter nisus") is a small bird of prey in the family Accipitridae. It has a wide distribution in Eurasia and north Africa.

The adult male sparrowhawk has a blue-grey back and wings. His chest and belly have thin orange stripes. Female and young sparrowhawks have brown backs and wings, with thin brown stripes. The female is up to 25% larger than the male. This is one of the biggest size differences in any bird species.

The sparrowhawk eats mostly small birds which live in woodland. It can be seen in any habitat and often hunts birds in town and city gardens. Male sparrowhawks eat smaller birds like tits, finches and sparrows. Females eat bigger birds like thrushes and starlings. They can kill birds weighing more than .

The sparrowhawk is seen in Europe, parts of Asia and parts of Africa. Birds that breed in the north migrate south for winter. Birds that live further south stay there, or fly shorter distances.

Sparrowhawks build a nest in woodland. The nest is up to 60 cm (2.0 ft) wide and made from twigs. The female lays four or five eggs with pale blue shells. The chicks hatch after 33 days and leave the nest after another 24 to 28 days.

The proportion of young sparrowhawks which survive to one year old is 34%. More young males die than young females. 69% of adults survive from one year to the next. The average lifespan is four years.

The number of sparrowhawks decreased in Europe in the 1950s. Chemicals to kill unwanted insects ("pesticides") were put on seeds before they were planted. Small birds ate the seeds and then sparrowhawks ate the small birds. The amount of chemicals in the food chain increased. This affected the sparrowhawks. Some were poisoned and others laid eggs with shells that were too thin. The shells broke before the chicks hatched. The pesticides were banned and the sparrowhawk population increased again. It is now one of the commonest birds of prey in Europe.

The sparrowhawk's hunting behaviour means people who own homing pigeons or keep birds for food may dislike it. Some people also blame the sparrowhawk for decreases in the numbers of smaller birds. Scientists have found that increased numbers of sparrowhawks did not reduce the numbers of birds living in farmland and woodland in the 1960s. Research in Scotland found that less than 1% of homing pigeons that died were killed by sparrowhawks.

People have used the Sparrowhawk for falconry (hunting using a bird of prey) for more than 500 years. It is difficult to train but brave. The sparrowhawk features in some old German myths. It is mentioned in a play by William Shakespeare and a poem by Ted Hughes.

The sparrowhawk is a small bird of prey with short, broad wings and a long tail. These adaptations help it to fly between trees. Females can be up to 25% larger than males and can be twice as heavy. When females are larger than males, it is called "reverse sexual dimorphism". It is unusual in higher vertebrates but typical in birds of prey.

The adult male is long from beak to tail, with a wingspan of . He weighs . The male has a slate-grey back and wings (sometimes more blue). His chest and belly have thin red stripes but they can look orange from a distance. His eyes are orange-yellow or orange-red.

The female is much larger – long, with a wingspan of . She weighs . The female has dark brown or grey-brown back and wings, and brown stripes on her chest and belly. Her eyes are bright yellow to orange.

Young sparrowhawks have a brown back and wings, with rust-coloured edges to the feathers. They have bigger brown stripes and spots on their chest and belly, and pale yellow eyes.

The Sparrowhawk's pale underparts and darker back and wings are an example of countershading. This colouration counteracts the effect of light coming from above, and helps to make the bird less visible. In fact, countershading is seen in most animals, including the Peregrine Falcon, the Merlin and other "Accipiters". The Sparrowhawk's stripes are typical of markings on birds of prey which live in woodland.

Sparrowhawks fly in a pattern described as "flap-flap-glide". The glide means that the flight has an up-and-down pattern. In Great Britain, Sparrowhawks living further north have longer wings than birds in the south. The sparrowhawk has a small, hooked beak. It is used for removing the feathers of its prey. The sparrowhawk's long legs and toes help it to catch and eat birds. Its middle toe is very long and is used to grab things.

Most sparrowhawks live for about four years. 34% of young birds survive to be one year old. 69% of adults survive from one year to the next. The oldest known wild sparrowhawk lived for more than 20 years.

Young sparrowhawks (less than one year old) weigh less than adults. They are especially light in the two months after leaving the nest. There is probably a high death rate at this time, particularly for males. This may be because the smaller males catch smaller food. They cannot catch some of the bigger prey that females can. This means they need to eat more often. A female sparrowhawk of average weight can survive for seven days without eating. A male can survive only four days.

The sparrowhawk is part of the family Accipitridae and the genus "Accipiter". Some English people used to call the sparrowhawk the blue hawk because of the male's colour. Other old names include spar hawk, spur hawk and stone falcon.

The Swedish biologist Carolus Linnaeus was the first person to describe the sparrowhawk. He called it "Falco nisus" in 1758. The French naturalist Mathurin Jacques Brisson moved it into the "Accipiter" genus in 1760.

The current scientific name comes from the Latin words "accipiter" (hawk) and "nisus" (the sparrowhawk).

The sparrowhawk forms a superspecies with the rufous-chested sparrowhawk of eastern and southern Africa, and possibly the Madagascar sparrowhawk. Eurasian sparrowhawks look slightly different in different parts of their range. Birds in the eastern part of the range are larger and paler. Six subspecies of sparrowhawk are generally recognised:


X86

x86 is a term used to describe a CPU instruction set compatible with the Intel 8086 and its successors, including the Pentium and others made by Intel and other companies. This is the CPU architecture used in most desktop and laptop computers. Many 21st century workstations and servers also use x86 processors. In 1985, the original 16 bit x86 architecture was extended to 32 bits with the introduction of the i386 processor. It was extended again to 64 bits in 2003 with the introduction of the AMD Opteron processor. 

Intel adopted the 64-bit computing bit architecture in 2004 with the later versions of the Prescott Pentium 4. The different versions are backward-compatible, meaning that a 32-bit x86 CPU can run a 32-bit or 16-bit operating system, and a 64-bit x86 CPU can run a 16, 32, or 64-bit operating system. All x86 CPUs (with the rare exception of some Intel CPUs used in embedded systems) start in 16-bit real mode. A modern operating system (or sometimes the bootloader) switches the CPU into 32-bit protected mode or 64-bit long mode before booting the kernel.







Operating systems in magenta run only on x86 processors. Operating systems in blue originated on x86 but have since been made for other processors as well. Operating systems in orange did not originate on x86 and were ported to x86.


Carey Means

Carey Means is an American voice actor. He is best known for voicing Frylock on the Adult Swim program "Aqua Teen Hunger Force".


The Brak Show

The Brak Show is a Adult Swim program starring Brak who was on several old Space Ghost cartoons. The show is also about Brak's mom and dad, his friends Zorak and Clarence, his brother Sisto, and his neighbor Thundercleese. At first the show had a plot, but later on became just crazy like it's sister show Aqua Teen Hunger Force.



Andy Merill and George Lowe appear in all episodes.<br>C. Martin Croker was absent for two episodes.<br>Carey Means was absent for ten episodes.

Belinda (book)

Belinda is an 1801 novel by the Irish writer Maria Edgeworth. It was first published in three volumes by Joseph Johnson of London in 1801, and was later printed again by Pandora Press in 1986. The book was Edgeworth's second published. The book was noted for showing interracial marriage.

Lady Delacour is a "bel esprit" (woman of wit), who Belinda at first thinks “the most agreeable—no, that is too feeble an expression—the most fascinating person she had ever beheld (known).” Later, however, after Belinda hears about her sad life, she feels sorry for her. Belinda is very kind to Lady Delacour, who begins to like her. Through Belinda's gentleness, Lady Delacour begins to change. She becomes more caring for her husband and daughter Helena. However, Lady Delacour's sudden untrue jealousy towards Belinda and makes her move to the Percivals' house, where Helena is staying at. Later, Lady Delacour finds out that she was completely wrong and had misunderstood Belinda's good intentions. She becomes very ill, and begs for Belinda to forgiver her and come back. Belinda, accepting her apology, comes, and now Lady Delacour does everything Belinda advises her to do, and makes up with her husband, revealing to him how she is ill, that she had been hiding from everybody except herself and Belinda and her maid. Lord Delacour feels worried for her when he hears this. She takes a surgery, and is told that she is actually not ill at all. The bad doctor she had been going to had given her the wrong medicines, and therefore made her sick. Joyfully, she decides to be a good wife, a sweet friend, and a kind mother. She ends the book by saying, while laughing, “Now, Lady Delacour, to show that she is reformed, comes forward to address the audience with a moral—a moral!—yes,

Our tale contains a moral, and no doubt,
You all have wit enough to find it out.”

Her strong character and the very important part she plays in the book make some people think the title should be her name instead of Belinda's.

Belinda Portman is a young lady. She is about seventeen years old. She is “handsome, graceful, sprightly, and highly accomplished.” She has good skills, but is unused to thinking for herself, for her aunt orders her to do everything(though her thoughts are often very different). Belinda is innocent and loving, and loves Clarence Hervey, though she does not even admit it to herself. Mr. Vincent and Sir Philip both want to marry her. She is very forgiving, as seen when she forgives Lady Delacour, but has good self-control over her feelings – for example, she does not blush (turns red) later when people talk about Clarence Hervey, and is not shaken by Mrs. Freke when she said she would be her enemy.

Clarence Hervey is a clever and witty young man, who is gallant, and is, as Belinda said at first, “a most uncommonly pleasing young man.” He is shown to have a warm heart, for he asks Lady Delacour to make his peace with Belinda after he spoke badly about her. He admires Lady Delacour, and tries to change her. But after that, he begins to like Belinda. However, he had been secretly taking care of another girl, Virginia, and now, thinking that he must marry Virginia, he tries to forget about Belinda. But later, Virginia shows him that she loves somebody else. So he tells Belinda that he loves her, and they marry.

Lady Anne Percival is very different from Lady Delacour. She is a gentle, motherly, reasonable lady. Belinda later also tells Mr. Vincent, when he compares Lady Anne Percival and Lady Delacour, “I have never seen any woman who would not suffer by a comparison with Lady Anne Percival.” She loves literature, and that makes her a good wife to Mr. Percival. She is kind and motherly, and loves Helena like her daughter. She also treats Belinda kindly, and thinks carefully before she judges people. She wished for Belinda to marry Mr. Vincent. At first, Lady Delacour did not like her, feeling jealous and thinking that Helena liked Lady Anne Percival better than her. However, later at the end, it is guessed that she becomes good friends with Lady Anne Percival.

Squidbillies

Squidbillies is a cartoon series on the Adult Swim block of the Cartoon Network. It is about a poor family of squids living in the Appalachian region. It was first shown on October 16, 2005. The show was created because of the popularity of the Aqua Teen Hunger Force. So far 50 episodes have been made.



Cartoon Planet

Cartoon Planet is a short lived spin-off of the Adult Swim program "Space Ghost Coast to Coast". The show ran from 1995 to 1998. The show has random skits and songs with the characters Space Ghost, Zorak, and Brak. Zorak and Brak are comic foils for Space Ghost. Moltar, a main character on Coast to Coast, does not appear on the show. In the credits everyone is credited by their first name only. The show has not been released on DVD, because of rights issues other than some segments being extras on The Brak Show Volume One. The show revived on Adult Swim briefly in 2005.


C. Martin Croker

Clay Martin Croker (January 10, 1962 – September 17, 2016), generally credited as C. Martin Croker, was an American voice actor and animator for Adult Swim.


Brent Butt

Brent Butt (born August 3, 1966 on in Tisdale, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian actor and comedian. He is best known for portraying "Brent Leroy" in the Canadian sitcom Corner Gas and for his stand-up comedy. Brent Butt has won four won Canadian Comedy Awards.




Commonly misspelled words

The term "commonly misspelled words" (or sometimes, "common misspelled words") is about words in English that are often spelled wrongly.

In writing, some words are often misspelled, such as the wrong spelling "concensus" for "consensus"

found in many webpages on the Internet. Other common misspellings include "equiptment" (for "equipment"),
"independant" (for "independent"),
"readible" (for "readable"),
or "usible" (for "usable").

This list of about 350 words, is based on documented lists of the top 100, 200, or 400 most commonly misspelled words, rather than listing every misspelled word. Each word is followed by examples of misspellings:
Mispronunciation is one of the most common causes of misspelling.

Some spelling errors are because people's typing is not perfect, such as

A misspelling in English might be a legitimate spelling in another language; for example, the word "address" is spelled in German as "adress" (one letter "d"). "immigrate" can be written "inmigrate" by speakers of Spanish.


University of Utah

The University of Utah is a public, co-ed university in Salt Lake City, Utah.

The University of Utah's athletic team's are called the "Utes", which is named after a tribe of Native Americans called the Ute Tribe and they have 17 varsity teams.

Charles Whitman

Charles Joseph Whitman (born June 24, 1941 in Lake Worth, Florida – died August 1, 1966 in Austin, Texas) was a former marine and student who is best known for committing the Tower shooting at the University of Texas at Austin on August 1, 1966 where he killed 14 people and wounded 32 others. It was the deadliest school shooting until the 2007 Virginia Tech massacre.
Dean Corll 

Axolotl

The axolotl ("Ambystoma mexicanum") is the best known of the Mexican mole salamanders: it belongs to the Tiger Salamander complex. The Axolotl shows paedomorphosis: the larvae do not undergo metamorphosis, so the adults stay aquatic, with external gills. 

The species evolved in the lake underlying Mexico City. Axolotls are used a lot in scientific research because they can regenerate most body parts, are easy to breed, and have large embryos. 

Axolotls are closely related to waterdogs, the larval stage of the closely related Tiger salamanders "Ambystoma tigrinum" and "Ambystoma mavortium". These are common in much of North America and also sometimes become neotenic. The mudpuppies, "Necturus", are fully-aquatic salamanders which are not closely related to the axolotl, but look like it.

Wild axolotls are now near extinction due to population growth in Mexico City, and the polluted waters of the lake. Non-native fish, such as African tilapia and Asian carp, have also recently been introduced to the waters. These new fish have been eating the axolotls' young, as well as its primary source of food. The axolotl is currently on the IUCN Red List of threatened species.

Compared with land-dwelling salamanders, the sexually mature adult Axolotl is a chimera (mixture) of larval and adult tissues. A mutation in hormone production slows the development of the non-sexual tissues compared to the gonads. So, it ends up as an adult which looks like a larva, except that it is sexually mature. This is an example of neoteny, a type of heterochrony. Axolotls in the lab have reduced pigmentation and end up being a lighter pink color, while axolotls that live in nature are a darker, brown to black color. 

Space Ghost Coast to Coast

Space Ghost Coast to Coast is a parody talk show with characters from the Space Ghost action adventure show from the 1960's. It was the first Adult Swim program, and it had several spin-offs.

Former superhero Space Ghost now hosts his own show. One of his former antagonists, Zorak, now does the music and another antagonist, Moltar, is now the producer and director. Space Ghost interviews several real people.




Mike Schatz

Mike Schatz is an American voice actor. He is best known for voicing Emory on the Adult Swim program "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" and the movie "Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Film movie for Theaters". He also voiced Torpedo Vegas on "Frisky Dingo" and he played a guy in court on an episode of "Squidbillies".

Matt Maiellaro

Matt Maiellaro is the co-creator and writer of the cult television animated Adult Swim shows "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" and "Perfect Hair Forever." He is also the creator of "12 Oz. Mouse". Maiellaro was a producer and writer for "Space Ghost Coast to Coast" since the show started in 1994.


All-America

In sports, an All-America "team" is a group of amateur athletes who are honored for being the best in the sport. The players who are on these teams are usually selected by members of the media or companies who sponsor the team. In other cases, players become an All-American by achieving a standard such as placing in the top 40 of the NCAA cross country race. Sometimes these teams play in games against other All-American teams, but most All-American teams never actually compete in events.

Bear Bryant

Paul William "Bear" Bryant (September 11, 1913 – January 26, 1983) was an American college football coach. He was best known as the head coach of the University of Alabama football team. During his twenty-five years as Alabama's head coach, his teams won six national championships and thirteen conference championships. When he retired in 1982 he held the record for most wins as head coach in college football history. At the University of Alabama, the Paul W. Bryant Museum, Paul W. Bryant Drive and Bryant-Denny Stadium are all named in his honor. 

Before he worked at Alabama, Bryant was head football coach at University of Maryland, the University of Kentucky, and Texas A&M University.


Robert Neyland

Robert Reese Neyland (February 17, 1892 – March 28, 1962) was an American football coach. He also served in the United States Army and reached the rank of brigadier general. He is one of the few college football head coaches to coach the same school twice with a break in between the jobs. Neyland holds the record for most wins in University of Tennessee history with 173 wins in 216 games, six seasons without losing a game, nine regular seasons without losing a game, seven conference championships, and four national championships. At Tennessee, he has winning streaks of 33, 28, 23, 19, and 14 games.

Neyland is often referred to as one of the best, if not the best, defensive football coaches ever. "Sports Illustrated" named Neyland as the defensive coordinator of its all-century college football team in its "Best of the 20th Century" edition. In 112 of his wins, the other team did not score a point. In 1938 and 1939, Neyland's team set NCAA records when they did not allow a point in 17 straight games. His 1939 team is the last NCAA team in history to hold every regular season opponent scoreless. 

Neyland Stadium at the University of Tennessee is not only named for "The General", but was designed by him. His plans included all expansions that have brought the stadium to its modern size with an over 100,000 seat capacity. Neyland was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1956. 



Bryant–Denny Stadium

Bryant–Denny Stadium, in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, is the home stadium for the University of Alabama college football team. The stadium opened in 1929, and was first named Denny Stadium, in honor of former Alabama president George Hutchenson Denny. The stadium's name was changed to Bryant–Denny Stadium in 1975 to honor Alabama coach Paul "Bear" Bryant. It currently can seat 92,012 people, and is the fourth largest stadium in the SEC, the eleventh largest stadium in the United States and the 17th largest non-racing stadium by seating in the world. Since the 1988 football season, the university has sold out every game played at the stadium. In February 2009 the University of Alabama board of trustees gave approval to begin stadium expansion of the south endzone, with room to seat about 101,000, which, when it is completed, will make Bryant–Denny Stadium the largest stadium in the Southeastern Conference.


Bowl game

A bowl game is a college football game that is played in the post-season. In NCAA football, a team that wins six games during the season may play in the bowl games. A team may enter via invitation or by having the best season record in their conference (it depends on the organizers of the game). Most bowl games also have ties to specific conferences, for instance the Cotton Bowl, which has a contract to select teams from the Southeastern and Pac-12 Conferences specifically.

Fair catch

A fair catch is part of American football. A receiver of a punt may signal for a "fair catch" when the ball is in the air. To signal for it, the receiver must wave one arm over his head from side to side. Once he signals for it, no one from the other team is allowed to touch him. When the receiver catches the ball, he may not run with it. The play ends at that spot, and his team takes possession where he caught it.

Football Writers Association of America

The Football Writers Association of America (FWAA) is an organization of about 1,200 sports writers in the United States. They attempt to achieve better working conditions for writers. Each year, the FWAA picks an All-America team of college football players. The organization also selects the Eddie Robinson Coach of the Year, the Bronko Nagurski Trophy winner, the Outland Trophy winner, the Grantland Rice Award winner, a freshman All-America team, and weekly defensive player of the week. as well as developing scholarship programs and surveys for better working conditions. Since 1954, the association has awarded the Grantland Rice Trophy to the college football team they choose to be the National Champion.


Roster

A roster is a list of people. Rosters are often used for sports teams. Anyone who plays on that team is said to be on the roster. Rosters can also be lists of students in a classroom. 

Zichyújfalu

Zichyújfalu is a village in Fejér County, about 10 km from Lake Velencei, which is more or less easy to reach on road and on railway (Pusztaszabolcs-Székesfehérvár line). The settlement used to be a part of Gárdony but declared its independence in December 1997.

The settlement is first mentioned in writing in 1239, when villa Nowa (Nova) belonged to the Vértes estates of the Csák clan. In 1447 it is mentioned as a noble name as Wyfalw (Újfalu).

The Family Zichy appeared as the landlord in Újfalu during Turkish occupation. After the Turkish rule the serfs of Seregélyes rented the land for some time. In 1784 the owner of the estate, János Zichy, the son of Ferenc Zichy had a castle built in Újfalu and established a deer-park.

The paphrase Zichy in the name of the settlement refers to these earlier landlords, the members of the Zichy family. The hunting residence of de count is also in the village; currently the Mayor's Office functions in this building, therefore the building can only be observed from outside. The park and the forest of the castle offer active relaxation.

Poison gas

Poison gas is any gas that is a poison. There are many different poison gases and each has own properties. Many toxic liquids are also evaporate easily at normal temperatures and their vapors are poison gas. "Poison gas" can refer to poisons in chemical weapons, but most of them are in fact liquids, for example mustard gas and VX are sticky liquids that are spread out into fine mists.

In small amounts, corrosive poison gases (gas that can damage people or objects) usually cause irritation, and may have a smell, but this is not always the case. There are several gases that can kill sneakily, without a warning smell or irritation.

All gases other than oxygen can take over air, and cause death by asphyxiation. This does not make them poison gases. Nitrogen and carbon dioxide are two common examples. This has to be taken into account in handling of any compressed or liquified gas. Gases can be also dangerous because they are flammable (easily bursting into flame).

Poison gases can cause injury more easily than solid or liquid poisons because they diffuse (move) in the air, exposing skin, and are easily breathed in. Immediate contact with corrosive gas leads to chemical burns of the skin and lungs. When taken into the inside of the human body and into the blood, either by breathing in or through skin, several poison gases cause a poisoning. In a poisoning, medical help is often needed; simply removing the victim from the gas is not enough to prevent symptoms.


Poison gases are used in industry as chemical reagents. The chemical reactions they can be used for are more important than their toxicity. Today, chemists try to avoid the use of poisonous gases, but it is often not possible. Examples of large-volume industrial poisonous gases are hydrogen sulfide, cracked from oil, chlorine, in diverse chemical uses and to disinfect drinking water, and ammonia, which is a valuable fertilizer itself and can be converted into a range of other fertilizers, in addition to chemical uses.

Some fumigants (chemicals used to kill pests) are also poison gases, for example phosphine, which is used to kill pests living in grains. The advantage of a gas is that it evaporates after use, so that if food is treated with gas, there is no need to rinse it to remove the poison. Some gases can kill and some can’t. Gases have advantages and disadvantages. 

Tim Allen

Tim Allen (born Timothy Allen Dick; June 13, 1953) is an American actor and comedian.

Allen was born in Denver, Colorado. When he was 13, he moved to Birmingham, Michigan. In October 1978, he was arrested while in possession of 1.4 pounds of cocaine. He was convicted and sentenced to 3-to-7 years in prison and released after 28 months.

Most of Allen's work is in comedy. He is well known for being in "Home Improvement". He also had a role in "The Santa Clause", "Toy Story", and "Galaxy Quest".

Allen stated comedians like Bill Cosby, Chevy Chase, Abbott and Costello, Steve Martin, Richard Pryor, George Carlin, Mel Brooks, Peter Sellers, John Belushi, Redd Foxx, Mort Sahl, Dick Gregory, Jerry Lewis, Robin Williams and Dan Aykroyd as influences.


WTTE

WTTE is a television station in Columbus, Ohio. It is part of the TBD television network. They first broadcast in 1984 as a general entertainment station. In 1986, joined the FOX network. They have news called "Good Day Columbus" and FOX 28 News at 10 which is the most watched late news in Columbus, Ohio . in 2021 The Fox affiliations went to WSYX 6.2

AND gate

The AND gate is a logic gate that outputs 1 (true) only when both of its inputs are 1 (true). Since 0 is false, AND outputs the product (result of multiplication) of its inputs. That means that if either or both of its inputs are 0, the output will be 0 (zero multiplied by any real number is zero).

There are three symbols for the AND gate:

Gárdony

Gárdony, "the capital of Lake Velencei", is a holiday resort on the south side of the lake. It is 45 kilometers from Budapest and 20 kilometers from Székesfehérvár. It has active recreation, entertainment facilities, different kinds of accommodation and restaurants for the whole year.


Frédéric Bazille

Jean Frédéric Bazille (6 December 1841 – 28 November 1870) was a French painter. He was born in Montpellier. He was killed in action in the Franco-Prussian War. It was at the Battle of Beaune-la-Rolande in France while leading his unit into a assault on the German position. He died at the age of 28.

F major

F major (or the key of F) is a musical major scale starting on F. Its key signature has one flat.

Its relative minor is D minor and its parallel minor is F minor.

F major is the home key of the English horn, the basset horn, the horn in F, the trumpet in F and the bass Wagner tuba. This means that if you want these instruments to sound in F major, you have to write in C major. Most of these sound a perfect fifth lower than written, except the trumpet in F which sounds a perfect fourth higher. (The basset horn also often sounds an octave and a fifth lower.)
Of the six Overtures Francesco Maria Veracini wrote for Prince Friedrich Augustus in Dresden, most are in either F major or B-flat major because the prince's orchestra had a lot of wind instruments that played best in these keys.


E minor

E minor (Em, Mim) is a minor scale based on the note E, with the pitches E, F, G, A, B, C, D, and E. Its key signature has one sharp, F .

Its relative major is G major, and its parallel major is E major.

A lot of classical guitar music is in E minor, because this key is very suited for the instrument. When it is tuned normally, four of the instrument's six strings are part of the tonic chord. The key is also very popular in heavy metal music, because the lowest note on a guitar, E, can be used a lot.

E minor was one of the most-often used keys by Felix Mendelssohn. 

See also: List of symphonies in E minor

B-flat major

B major or B-flat major is a major scale starting on B-flat. Its key signature has two flats.

Its relative minor is G minor, and its parallel minor is B minor.

B-flat major is a good key for most wind instruments, especially those for which it is their home key, such as clarinets, trumpets, saxophones, and the flutes in B-flat. Because of this, many works for concert bands (those you might have played in while you were at school) are written in this or a closely related key such as F major or E-flat major.

Haydn's Symphony No. 98, which had both trumpet and timpani, is known as the first symphony that anyone had written in that key. Actually, his brother Michael Haydn had written one earlier. However, Joseph Haydn still gets credit for writing the timpani part at actual pitch with an F major key signature (instead of transposing with a C major key signature), something that made things easier and made more sense.

Five of Mozart's piano concerti are in B-flat major.


G minor

G minor is a minor scale based on G.

Its relative major is B-flat major.
G minor is one of two flat key signatures that needs a sharp for the seventh note (the other is D minor).

During the Baroque period, music in G minor was usually written with a one-flat key signature.

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart thought that G minor was the most suitable key for showing sadness and tragedy, and many of his minor key works are in G minor, such as the Piano Quartet No. 1 and the String Quintet in G minor. G minor is the only minor key he used as a main key for his numbered symphonies (No. 25, and the famous No. 40). In the Classical period, symphonies in G minor almost always used four horns, two in G and two in B-flat alto. G minor symphonies like Mozart's No. 25 often used E flat major for the slow movement, including Haydn's No. 39 and Vanhal's G minor symphony from before 1771 (Bryan Gm1).


See also: List of symphonies in G minor.

There are many variations of G minor.

D major

D major is a major scale based on D. Its key signature has two sharps. Its relative minor is B minor.

D major is good for violin music because of the structure of the instrument, which has its four strings tuned to G D A E. The open strings resonate with the D string, producing a special rich sound.

Because of this, many classical composers chose to write violin concertos in D major. Examples include Mozart's (No. 2, 1775, No. 4, 1775); Ludwig van Beethoven's (1806); Paganini's (No. 1, 1817); Brahms's (1878); Tchaikovsky's (1878); Prokofiev's (No. 1, 1917); Stravinsky's (1931); and Korngold's (1945).

It is also suitable for guitar music, with drop tuning for the lowest string making two Ds as open strings.

For some beginning wind instrument students, however, D major is not a very good key, because it transposes to E major for B flat instruments. E major has four sharps, which is harder for new learners to play.

Still, the clarinet in B-flat is often used for music in D major. It is probably the key with the most sharps that it can play well. However, when some composers write a piece in D minor with B-flat clarinets, they change to clarinets in A if the music changes to D major.

Most tin whistles are in D, because they are often used in music with fiddles.

In the Baroque period, D major was seen as "the key of glory"; so many trumpet pieces were in D major. Examples include concertos by Fasch, Gross, Molter (No. 2), Leopold Mozart, Telemann (No. 2), and Giuseppe Torelli; sonatas by Corelli, Franceschini, Purcell, Torelli; and "The Trumpet Shall Sound" and the "Hallelujah" chorus from Handel's "Messiah".

After the valve trumpet was invented, composers began to write for trumpet in keys with more flats, so Haydn wrote his famous trumpet concerto in the key of E-flat major.

23 of Haydn's 104 symphonies are in D major, making it the most often used main key of his symphonies. A great number of Mozart's unnumbered symphonies are in D major, namely K. 66c, 81/73, 97/73m, 95/73n, 120/111a and 161/163/141a. The symphony came from the overture, and "D major was by far the most common key for overtures in the second half of the eighteenth century."

Scriabin saw D major as golden in color and when he talked to Rimsky-Korsakov, he gave an example from one of Rimsky-Korsakov's own operas where a character sang in D major about gold.

B minor

B minor is a minor scale based on B. The harmonic minor raises the A to A. Its key signature has two sharps.

Its relative major is D major, and its parallel major is B major.
In Baroque times, people thought that B minor was the key of passive suffering. Christian Friedrich Daniel Schubart (1739-1791) said that it was a key that was complaining gently and quietly, something that matches Bach's use of the key in the St. John's Passion. By Beethoven's time, B minor had changed in people's minds: Francesco Galeazzi wrote that B minor was not suitable for music in good taste, and Beethoven labelled a B minor melodic idea in one of his sketchbooks as a "black key".
The chord was famously used as the first chord in Pink Floyd's 1979 hit "Comfortably Numb". The second movement of Rodrigo's Concierto de Aranjuez, one of the most famous compositions for the classical guitar, is in B minor.


C minor

C minor is a minor scale based on C. Its pitches are C, D, E, F, G, A, B, and C. Its key signature has three flats.
Its harmonic minor raises the B to B. When written in jazz notation, its short form is Cm.

Its relative major is E-flat major, and its parallel major is C major.

In the Baroque period, music in C minor was usually written with a two-flat key signature. When this music is printed today, sometimes it is still printed in the same way.

C minor has had the meaning of heroic struggle from Beethoven's time and the composer wrote many of his most emotional, dramatic works in this key. This has also been done by many others, following Beethoven's style.

These are just a few of the well-known works to be written in C minor:


A major

A major (or the key of A) is a major scale with a base note of A. Its key signature has three sharps.

Its relative minor is F-sharp minor. The key of A-major is the only key where a Neapolitan sixth chord on formula_1 needs both a flat and a natural accidental.

There are not as many symphonies in A major as in D major or G major, but more than other sharp keys. Beethoven's Symphony No. 7, Bruckner's Symphony No. 6 and Mendelssohn's Symphony No. 4 are almost all the symphonies in this key in the Romantic era. Mozart's Clarinet Concerto and Clarinet Quintet are both in A major. Mozart used clarinets in A major often.

In chamber music, A major is used a lot. Johannes Brahms, César Franck, and Gabriel Fauré wrote violin sonatas in A major. Peter Cropper said that A major "is the fullest sounding key for the violin.", when he was talking about Beethoven's Kreutzer Sonata.

According to Christian Friedrich Daniel Schubart, A major is a key that is good for "declarations of innocent love, ... hope of seeing one's beloved again when parting; youthful cheerfulness and trust in God."

When music for orchestra is in A major, the timpani are normally set to A and E a fifth apart. In most other keys, they are set a fourth apart.


F-sharp minor

F-sharp minor is a minor scale based on F sharp. Its key signature has three sharps. 

Its relative major is A major.

Many people think it is a melancholy and key.
Harry Farjeon says that F sharp minor is "light red", and that it is the key Mendelssohn uses when he is being passionate.
Johann Mattheson wrote that 'F minor, although it leads to great distress, nevertheless is more and love-sick than lethal. Moreover, it has something abandoned, singular, and about it.'

Very few symphonies are written in this key. Haydn's "Farewell Symphony" is one famous example. George Frederick Bristow and Dora Pejačević also wrote symphonies in this key.

Many piano pieces have been written in F-sharp minor.
Mozart's only composition in this key is the second movement to his Piano Concerto No. 23 in A major. 2 of Chopin's 52 mazurkas, and 1 of his nocturnes are in this key, though he seems to have liked the related key C-sharp minor better. Scriabin's Piano Sonata No. 3 is also in this key, and the 3rd movement of Beethoven's "Hammerklavier" Piano Sonata is too.

Both Reger's and Tippett's second string quartets are in this key, and so is Shostakovich's seventh string quartet.


A-flat major

A major or A-flat major is a major scale that starts on A-flat.

Its relative minor is F minor and its parallel minor is A-flat minor.

This is a very peaceful key. It was used often by Franz Schubert. Twenty-four of Frédéric Chopin's piano pieces are in A-flat major, more than any other key.

Charles-Marie Widor considered A-flat major to be the second best key for flute music.

Beethoven chose A-flat major as the key of the slow movement for most of his C minor works. This was also followed by Antonín Dvořák in his only C minor symphony and Anton Bruckner in his first two C minor symphonies. 
Since A-flat major was not often chosen as the main key for orchestral music of the 18th century, passages or movements in the key often kept the timpani tuned the same way as they were in the movement before it. For example, Beethoven's Symphony No. 5 in C minor has the timpani set to C and G for the first movement. With hand-tuned timpani, there is no time to retune the timpani to A flat and E flat for the slow second movement in A flat. In Bruckner's Symphony No. 1 in C minor, however, the timpani are retuned between the first movement in C minor and the following in A-flat major.

Edward Elgar's Symphony No. 1 in A-flat major is probably the best-known symphony in that key. Arnold Bax's last symphony is also in the same key. A-flat major is the major key with the most flats that Domenico Scarlatti used in his keyboard sonatas, though he used it only twice– in K. 127 and K. 130. Felix Mendelssohn and John Field each wrote one piano concerto in A-flat.

F minor

F minor is a minor scale based on F. The harmonic minor raises the E to E. Its key signature has four flats.

Its relative major is A-flat major, and its parallel major is F major.

F minor is a key that people often link with passion. Some famous pieces in the key of F minor are Beethoven's "Appassionata Sonata", Haydn's Symphony No. 49 in F minor, "La Passione", and Vivaldi's The Four Seasons.
In the Baroque period, music in F minor was usually written with a three-flat key signature. Some modern printings of such music keeps it written that way.



The enharmonic equivalent of F minor is E-sharp minor. It is a minor scale based on the musical note E♯. Its key signature has six sharps and one double sharp.

E major

E major is a major scale with a base note of E. Its key signature has four sharps. Its relative minor is C-sharp minor.

E major is hard for wind instruments to play. It is quite good for violin, because two of the open strings are A and E, the tonic and subdominant. Other orchestral string instruments can play well in it, and it is also good for the guitar. When writing in E major, clarinets in A should be used instead of clarinets in B-flat to make it easier to play. This is because clarinets are transposing instruments.

Symphonies in E major are quite rare, but the key is often used for concertos. One of them is Felix Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto.
The bells of the Clock Tower in London's Palace of Westminster are tuned to the key of E major.

C-sharp minor

C-sharp minor or C minor is a minor scale based on C. Its key signature has four sharps.

Its relative major is E major, and its parallel major is C-sharp major.

There are very few symphonies written in this key. One of them is by Joseph Martin Kraus, but he later rewrote it in C minor. Another two are Mahler's Symphony No. 5 (though only the first movement is in C-sharp minor, and the finale is actually in D major) and Prokofiev's Symphony No. 7. Shostakovich's Violin Concerto No. 2 is also in C-sharp minor.

This key occurs more often in piano music. Domenico Scarlatti wrotetwo keyboard sonatas in C-sharp minor, K. 246 and K. 247. But after Beethoven's famous "Moonlight Sonata", the key became more popular for piano. Beethoven used this key again in the outer movements of his String Quartet No. 14 (Op. 131, 1826). However, Johannes Brahms rewrote his C-sharp minor Piano Quartet to be published as Piano Quartet No. 3 in C minor, Op. 60. One of the most famous pieces in this key is Chopin's "Fantaisie-Impromptu". Other works include Chopin's Nocturnes No. 7 (Op. 27, No. 1) and No. 20 (Op. posth.), and his "Raindrop" Prelude in D-flat major (Op. 28, No. 15). Waltz in C sharp minor (op.64 No.2) is another well known musical piece from Chopin that uses this particular key (along with D flat minor key). Another very famous example of a work in C sharp minor is Rachmaninoff's Prelude in C-sharp minor (Op. 3, No. 2).

B-flat minor

B minor or B-flat minor is a minor scale based on B-flat. Its key signature has five flats.

Its relative major is D-flat major, and its parallel major is B-flat major. Its enharmonic equivalent is A-sharp minor.

B-flat minor is often seen as a "dark" key." Tchaikovsky said that the oboe solo in B-flat minor in the second movement of his Symphony No. 4 was "the feeling that you get when you are all alone".

The old valveless horn could not play easily in B-flat minor. In fact, the only example found in 18th century music is a modulation in the first minuet of Franz Krommer's Concertino in D major, Opus 80.



B major

B major is a major scale based on B. Its key signature has five sharps.

B major's relative minor is G-sharp minor, its parallel minor is B minor, and its enharmonic equivalent is C-flat major.

The key signature for B major is the least sharp key signature with three "lines" of sharps. In the treble clef, putting the sharp for A where it looks like it should be, next to the sharp for G, would mean that a ledger line would have to be used. In the bass clef it would be possible to do this without a ledger line, but because sight reading is easier when both staves look the same, it is not usually done in piano music. In the alto clef, used in orchestral music, the B major key signature is usually written in just two "lines" of sharps.

Although B major is usually thought of as a "far away" key because it has many sharps and is quite far from C major in the circle of fifths, Frédéric Chopin thought that it was the easiest scale of all to play, as its black notes fit the natural positions of the fingers well. Because of this, it was often the first scale he taught to beginning piano students, leaving the scale of C major till last because he thought it was the hardest to play.

While B major is not too difficult to play on keyboard instruments and guitar, the key of C-flat major is easier when writing music for the harp, as it is that instrument's home key.

G-sharp minor

G-sharp minor is a minor scale based on G. For the harmonic minor, the F is raised to F.

Its key signature has five sharps.

Its relative major is B major.

The melodic and harmonic versions of the scale are written in with accidentals as necessary.

G-sharp minor is usually not used in orchestral music except to modulate, but it is more common in keyboard music, like Scriabin's sonatas. For orchestration of piano music (writing it so an orchestra can play it), sometimes the music is transposed to G minor or A minor. If G-sharp minor must be used, B-flat wind instruments should have their part written in B-flat minor, not A-sharp minor. 

In a few scores, 5-sharp key signatures in the bass clef are written with the sharp for the A on the top line.

G-flat major

G-flat major is a major scale based on G-flat. Its key signature has six flats.

Its relative minor is E-flat minor, and its parallel minor is G-flat minor. This is usually replaced by F♯ minor because G♭ minor's two double-flats make it generally impractical to use.

Its enharmonic equivalent is F-sharp major, whose key signature also has six accidentals. In writing music in E major for B-flat instruments, it is preferable to use a G-flat rather an F-sharp key signature.
G-flat major is sometimes used as a main key for piano works, such as the impromptus of Chopin and Schubert, but rarely for orchestra.

Austrian composer Gustav Mahler liked to use G-flat major in his symphonies.

E-flat minor

E minor or E-flat minor is a minor scale based on E-flat. Its key signature has six flats.

Its relative major is G-flat major, and its parallel major is E-flat major. Its enharmonic equivalent is D-sharp minor.

This key is not used much in orchestral music, and usually only to modulate. It is used in some keyboard pieces and has been most popular in Russian pieces. If piano music in this key must be arranged for orchestra, some people recommend transposing it into D minor or E minor.

In book 1 of the "Well-Tempered Clavier" by Johann Sebastian Bach, Prelude No. 8 is written in E-flat minor while the following Fugue is written in D-sharp minor. In book 2, both movements are in D-sharp minor.

One of the few symphonies written in this key is Prokofiev's Symphony No. 6. A few other Soviet composers also wrote symphonies in this key, such as Eshpai, Janis Ivanovs (fourth symphony "Atlantis", 1941), Ovchinnikov and Myaskovsky. Rachmaninov's "Elegie", Op. 3 No. 1 is in E-flat minor, as is his Études-Tableaux Op. 39 #5. These pieces are noted for being dark and mysterious, a mood this key has. This mood is shown even in the later jazz music "'Round Midnight" and "Take Five", which are also in the key.

The second movement to Gustav Mahler's Eighth Symphony has a long orchestral and choral introduction in E-flat minor. The dark orchestral introduction to Beethoven's only oratorio, Christ on the Mount of Olives, is also in this key.


F-sharp major

F-sharp major is a major scale based on F-sharp. Its key signature has six sharps.

Its relative minor is D minor, and its enharmonic equivalent is G major.

This key is not used often in orchestral music except to modulate. It is used more often in piano music, like Scriabin's sonatas. When piano music in this key needs to be arranged for orchestra, sometimes it is better to change it to F or G major. If F-sharp major needs to be used, transposing instruments in B flat should have their music written in A-flat major, not G-sharp major.

The Presentation of the Rose scene in Act Two of Richard Strauss's opera Der Rosenkavalier is written in F-sharp major.
F-sharp major is the key of Beethoven's Piano Sonata, Op. 78, of Chopin's Barcarolle, of Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2, of Mahler's unfinished Tenth Symphony, Erich Korngold's Symphony Op. 40, and Scriabin's Fourth Sonata.

In a few scores, the F-sharp major key signature in the bass clef is written with the sharp for the A on the top line.

D-sharp minor

D-sharp minor is a minor scale based on D . For the harmonic minor, the C is raised to C. Its key signature has six sharps.

E-flat minor is its enharmonic equivalent. Its relative major is F-sharp major, and its parallel major is D-sharp major. This is usually replaced by E-flat major, because D-sharp major's two double sharps make it impractical to use.
Since D-sharp minor and its enharmonic equivalent both have key signatures of six accidentals, neither one is clearly used instead of the other. For example, using the melodic minor version of D-sharp minor on the harp is very difficult. The B-pedal can be set to the sharp position, but there is no double-sharp position to set the C-pedal at. In Book I of "The Well-Tempered Clavier", Bach chose to write the eighth prelude in E-flat minor but the accompanying fugue in D-sharp minor. (In Book II, Bach wrote both the eighth Prelude and Fugue in D-sharp minor.)

Music written in this key is considered very difficult to read, which means that little music was written mainly in this key in the Classical era. E-flat minor is easier for many brass instruments and woodwinds.

The most famous work in this key is Scriabin's famous Etude Op. 8, No. 12. Russian composer Lyapunov must also have liked the key because he wrote the second etude of his Op. 11 set in the key, and also fifteen years later his Variations on a Russian Theme, Op. 49. His early Piano Concerto No. 1, Op. 4 was also in the enharmonic key of E-flat minor.

In a few scores, 6-sharp key signatures in the bass clef are written with the sharp for the A on the top line. This is not done often, because it is different from the treble clef.

This key is not used often in orchestral music, but is used more in keyboard music. When arranging this piano music for orchestra, some people recommend transposing the music to D minor or E minor. If D-sharp minor must be used, B-flat wind instruments should have their parts written in F minor, rather than E-sharp minor.

A-flat minor

A-flat minor is a minor scale starting on A. Its key signature has seven flats.

Its relative major is C-flat major, and its parallel major is A-flat major. Its enharmonic equivalent is G-sharp minor.

A-flat minor is rarely used as the main key of a piece of music. 
More often, pieces in a minor mode that have A as the tonic are written in the enharmonic key, G-sharp minor, because it has a simpler key signature. Because of this, there are few works in A-flat minor.

In some scores, the A minor key signature in the bass clef is written with the flat for the F on the second line from the top.


A-flat minor is also used in Frederick Loewe's score to the 1956 musical play "My Fair Lady"; the Second Servants' Chorus is set in A-flat minor.

Another example of popular music in A-flat minor is Walkin' on the Sun by Smash Mouth.


C-sharp major

C major (or C-sharp major) is a major scale based on C. Its key signature has seven sharps.

Its relative minor is A minor, and its parallel minor is C minor. Its enharmonic equivalent is D major.

When a harp is tuned to C-sharp major, it has all its pedals in the bottom position. Because all the strings are made shorter in this way, it makes it less resonant.

Most composers prefer to use the enharmonic equivalent D-flat major because it has just five flats. However, Johann Sebastian Bach actually chose C-sharp major for Prelude and Fugue No. 3 in both books of the "Well-Tempered Clavier". In Hungarian Rhapsody No. 6, Franz Liszt changes key from D-flat major to C-sharp major near the beginning of the piece. Maurice Ravel used C-sharp major as the tonic key of "Ondine" from his piano suite "Gaspard de la nuit". 

Louis Vierne used C-sharp major in the final piece of Messe solennelle.


A-sharp minor

A-sharp minor or A minor is a minor scale based on A-sharp. Its key signature has seven sharps.

Its relative major is C-sharp major. Its parallel major is A-sharp major. This is usually replaced by B-flat major, because A-sharp major's three double sharps in the key signature makes it generally impractical. Exceptions include Chopin's Polonaise-Fantaisie in A-flat major, Op. 61, which has a short passage of about 6 bars actually written in A-sharp major, putting in the necessary double-sharps as accidentals. This is part of a theme in B major, which modulates to A-sharp major for a little while.

A-sharp minor has the enharmonic equivalent of B-flat minor. This is often used in most musical compositions instead of A-sharp minor, because A-sharp minor is not a useful key for compositions and is one of the least used minor keys in music. However, there were some composers in the past that have composed music in this key. Christian Heinrich Rinck wrote his Prelude No. 16 from Op. 15 in A-sharp minor.


F-flat major

F-flat major is a major scale based on F-flat. Its key signature has six flats and one double flat.

Its relative minor is D-flat minor, and its parallel minor is F-flat minor, usually replaced by E minor.

Part of Richard Strauss' "Metamorphosen" uses F flat major, which one commentator has called "a bitter enharmonic parody" of the earlier manifestations of E major in the piece.

To make reading and writing music easier, F-flat major is usually written as its enharmonic equivalent of E major.

D-flat minor

D-flat minor is a theoretical key based on the musical note D. Its key signature has six flats and one double flat.

Because it has so many flats, D minor is usually written as its enharmonic equivalent of C minor. For example, Mahler's thematic motif "der kleine Appell" ("call to order") from his Fourth and Fifth Symphonies is written in D minor in Symphony No.4, but in his Symphony No. 5 it is in C minor. In the "Adagio" of his Symphony No. 9 a solo bassoon theme appears first in D minor, but comes back two more times notated in C minor. The "Adagio" of Bruckner's Symphony No. 8, also has phrases that are tonally in D minor but written as C minor.

G-sharp major

G-sharp major is a major scale based on the musical note G sharp. Its key signature has six sharps and one double sharp.

To make reading easier, G-sharp major is usually written as its enharmonic equivalent of A-flat major. However, it does appear as a secondary key area in several works in sharp keys, for example in the Prelude and Fugue in C sharp major from Bach's Well-Tempered Klavier, Book 1. The G sharp minor Prelude and Fugue from the same set end with a Picardy third in G sharp major. 
G sharp major is used for a short time in several of Chopin's nocturnes in C sharp minor. 

Flat (music)

In music, flat, or Bemolle, means "lower in pitch." In music notation, flat means "lower in pitch by a semitone (half step)," and has the symbol (). The Unicode character " (U+266D) is the flat sign. Its HTML entity is &#9837;.

Under twelve tone equal temperament, "C flat" is the same as, or enharmonically equivalent to, "B natural", and "G flat" is the same as "F sharp".

Double flats also exist, which look like and lower a note by two semitones, or a whole step. Sometimes you will encounter half or three-quarter flats. The Unicode character '𝄫' 𝄫 (U+1D12B) represents the double flat sign.

A triple flat can be found, but it is very rare. It lowers a note three semitones. 

The note "A flat" is shown in musical notation in Figure 1, together with "A double flat". 

In tuning, flat can also mean "slightly lower in pitch". If the same note is played on two instruments at the same time, the lower-pitched one is flat compared to the higher-pitched one.

A half flat, showing quarter tones, is sometimes shown with a flat with a slash () or a reversed flat sign. A three-quarter flat is represented by a half flat and a regular flat.


Sharp (music)

In music, sharp, or Diese, means higher in pitch. In musical notation, sharp means "higher in pitch by a semitone (half step)," and looks like this:().
Under twelve-tone equal temperament, "B sharp", for instance, is enharmonically equivalent to (sounds the same as), "C natural", and "G sharp" is enharmonically equivalent to "A flat".

Double sharps also exist; these have the symbol and raise a note by two semitones, or a whole step. Less often there are half or three-quarter sharps.

Although very rare and used only in modern classical music, a triple sharp ( ) can sometimes be found. This raises a note by three semitones.

The Circle of fifths tells you how many sharps are in a key signature.

In tuning, sharp can also mean "slightly higher in pitch". If the same note is played on two instruments, and one is slightly higher, it is too sharp compared to the other.

In Unicode, the sharp symbol (♯) is at code point U+266F. Its HTML entity is &#9839;. The double sharp symbol () is at U+1D12A. Some fonts do not show these symbols.


Theoretical key

In music theory, theoretical keys or impossible keys are keys with key signatures that contain one or more double-flats or double-sharps.
Double-flats and double-sharps are used in music as accidentals, but they are rarely placed in the key signature (in music that uses equal temperament), because it would make reading the key signature very difficult.

For example, the key of G major is rarely used to write music down, because its key signature has an F. An equal-tempered scale of G major has exactly the same notes as the A major scale. Key pairs like this are called enharmonically equivalent. So the theoretical key of G major is usually written with the key signature of A major.

A piece of Western music usually has a home key, and a passage within it may modulate to another key, which is usually closely related to the home key. (Usually, close to the original around the circle of fifths.) When the key is near the top of the circle (a key signature of zero or few accidentals), the writing of both keys is easy- a small number of extra sharps or flats is added. But if the home key is near the bottom of the circle (a key signature with many accidentals), enharmonic equivalence may need to be used because simply adding accidentals will result in a key with too many accidentals to be easy to play or write in.

In each of the bottom three places on the circle of fifths the two enharmonic equivalents "can" both be written without double-sharps or double-flats and so do not classify as 'theoretical keys':
But when a relative key is on the opposite side of the circle from its home key, then in theory modulating to that key would involve adding so many sharps or flats that double-sharps and double-flats would have to be written in the key signature. The following keys (six of them are the parallel major/minor keys of those above) would require up to seven double-sharps or double-flats:

For example, if a piece in E major were to modulate up a fifth to B major, which is next to it on the circle and on the same side of the circle, the notation is clear and simple; an extra sharp is added to make five sharps. If it was modulated again, it would become F major, written with six sharps. The next modulation, to C has seven sharps. But the next modulation would be to a theoretical key of G which would need an eighth sharp- for the previous F note to become F in the key signature. To avoid theoretical keys, the new section would usually be written in the enharmonically equivalent key signature of A major.

President of Chile

The President of Chile is the chief of state and the head of government in the country. Under the current Constitution (adopted in 1980), the President is elected by popular (by many people) vote, for a period of four years. Immediate re-election is not permitted. The period (previously it was of six years) allows the elections of Presidents to be adjusted in time.

The President has a seat in the Palacio de La Moneda (La Moneda Palace), in the capital of Chile, Santiago.

The current president of Chile is Gabriel Boric.


There are three living former Chilean presidents:

The most recent death of a former President, was Sebastián Piñera on February 6, 2024, who served in the office from 2010 until 2014 and again from 2018 to 2022.


Japanese Regional Leagues

Japanese Regional Leagues is a football league which is fourth division in Japan.


Süper Lig

Süper Lig is a football league which is top division in Turkey.



K League 1

The K League 1, known as the K League Classic until 2017, is a football league which is the top division in South Korea. It is part of the K League.

Swiss Super League

Swiss Super League is a football league which is top division in Switzerland.

The teams competing in the 2022-23 season are


Belgian First Division A

The Belgian First Division A (in the past known as the Belgian First Division and Belgian Pro League, and as the Jupiler Pro League for sponsorship reasons) is a men's football league which is the top division in Belgium.



New Zealand men's national football team

The New Zealand national football team is the national football team of New Zealand. They are commonly known as the All Whites. In New Zealand, football is often called soccer in spoken English.

In the 2010 FIFA world cup, the All whites played in group F, along with Italy, Paraguay and Slovakia. 
The All Whites played Slovakia to start off with and drew 1-1. The All Whites then played Italy, and surprisingly also drew 1-1, taking all of New Zealand by surprise. NZ then played Paraguay as the deciding match, in this game, Paraguay and New Zealand drew 0-0. This is the first world cup where New Zealand has scored a goal and the first world cup where NZ is undefeated.
The All whites have so much help by the fans, Ricki Herbert and Neil Emblen so I would like to celebrate them for all they have done and support.

Aron Nimzowitsch

Aron Nimzowitsch (7 November 1886 – 16 March 1935) was a Jewish Latvian-born Danish chess grandmaster, and a very influential chess writer. He was the foremost figure amongst the "hypermoderns".

He wrote an important text on chess strategy called "My system: a chess treatise", which is still highly regarded. It is a foundation of modern positional chess, and has been read by most chess masters since then. In it he reacted against the more classical views of Siegbert Tarrasch. Later he wrote "Chess praxis" (1929), a collection of his games showing his ideas in practice.

Nimzowitsch was the subject of a chess biography by English grandmaster Ray Keene, which was translated into Russian in 1986.


Yoji Mizuguchi

Yoji Mizuguchi (born 20 July 1944) is a former Japanese football player and manager. He has played for Yanmar Diesel.


Dale's Supermarket Sweep

Dale's Supermarket Sweep (also Supermarket Sweep) is a UK game show based on the American Supermarket Sweep TV show format. Originally hosted by Dale Winton, it ran for exactly between 1993 & 2001 and then revived 12 February and 31 August 2007 on ITV and then it hosted on ITV2 with Rylan Clark-Neal this time as host since 2019. Between 1993 & 2001 it was filmed at Central's Lenton Lane studios. As of 2007 it is filmed at Maidstone Studios.


The Sims Bustin' Out

The Sims Bustin' Out is a 2003 life simulation game released for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, Nintendo GameCube, Game Boy Advance, and N-Gage. It is part of "The Sims" game series. It is the second "Sims" game to be released on a console.


Goliath

Goliath () was a Philistine warrior in the Old Testament. He was the champion of the warriors of town of Gath. The name refers to Greek name Alyattes.

Goliath was unusually large. His height was said to be "six cubits and a span" - some 290 cm - and he fought as armoured charioteer. The Bible describes how he challenged the Israelite warriors for single-handed duel, but nobody dared to fight with him.

David, who was fourteen years old at this time, finally answered to challenge. He was skilled on use of sling, and he found out a way how he could win him. He accurately slung a stone on Goliath's forehead, just below his helmet. The stone knocked Goliath out. He fell to the ground. David then ran to unconscious Goliath, pulled his sword off the scabbard, and cut his head off. Seeing a fourteen-year-old boy killing their champion, the Philistine army demoralized.

The Dead Sea Scrolls say Goliath's height was a more credible "four cubits and a span", in modern measurements 202 cm. At the era when man's average height was some 160 cm, he would still have looked like a giant.

Sukoró

Sukoró is a holiday resort in Hungary on the north coast of Lake Velencei and at the south base of Velencei Hills. The victory at Pákozd-Sukoró in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 established the reputation of the village. The war council before the battle was held in the protected Calvinist Church of Sukoró.


Cyprus (island)

Cyprus is a Mediterranean island off the coasts of Syria and Turkey. It is the third-largest island in the Mediterranean Sea; Sicily and Sardinia are larger. It is slightly larger than Puerto Rico. Geographically, it is part of Asia and in the Middle East, but for political reasons, it is sometimes counted as being part of Europe. Cyprus was part of the Byzantine Empire for hundreds of years. The Greek god Aphrodite was from Cyprus. There are two states on the island:

These states are separated by a buffer zone, which is controlled by the United Nations. In addition to the two countries, there are Akrotiri and Dhekelia, two territories on the south zone which are under British control, and which are used as military bases. 

The island has been Greek for thousands of years of recorded history, many empires have ruled Cyprus. They include Assyria, ancient Egypt Persia, Alexander the Great, the Roman Empire, the Byzantines, Arab caliphates for a short period, France, the Republic of Venice and the Ottoman Empire. Cyprus is often described as an 'unsinkable aircraft carrier' due to its strategic position in the Eastern Mediterranean.

Kápolnásnyék

Kápolnásnyék is a village in Fejér county, Hungary.

The excavations in the surroundings revealed Bronze-Age artefacts, proving that the area was already populated in ancient times.

The name of the settlement originates from the name of the Nyék tribe (coming to Hungary during the settlement of Hungarian tribes). The first residents probably belonged to a subgroup of the tribe. When István I. defeated Koppány, Nyék became a land of the queen. The name of the settlement is mentioned first in 1193 as Neck. Later the names Kápolnás Nyék, Káposztás Nyék, and Fertőfő Nyék are used to mention this rather insignificant place located between Buda and Fehérvár, which is south of the commercial route. As a border village Kápolnásnyék suffered from double taxation during the Turkish occupation (both Hungary and the Turkish Empire collected taxes). Therefore the population of the village decreased considerably and it even became uninhabited during the Turkish campaign of 1543. People returned to the village in 1772. 

During the 19 century Upper and Lower Nyék were differentiated, even after 1861, when the Southem Railway was built. It is mentioned as an independent village first in 1871, to which Pettend was attached in 1898. Mihály Vörösmarty was born here.

The present appearance of the village was formed in the 1930s, when it became a commercial and service background for the booming tourism of Lake Velencei. The phone system, the gendarme patrol, local medical care, the railway station and the mill were established in this period. The settlement was damaged in World War II, when the majority of the population also died. The village was also behind in development, compared to other settlements of the region and it became a part of Velence by the 1970s. Kápolnásnyék declared its independence in 1990 and has gone though considerable development since then. It once again became the background for the tourism of Lake Velencei, where commercial service facilities are established and the infrastructure is developing rapidly.


Areopagitica

Areopagitica is a book written by English poet John Milton in 1644. He wrote it to protest against censorship. Its full title is "Areopagitica: A speech of Mr. John Milton for the liberty of unlicensed printing to the Parliament of England". Today, his book is called a tract. In the tract, Milton tries to defend the freedom of expression. Today, many people see it as one of the best defenses of the freedom of press ever written.

The tract is named after a speech by Isocrates, a Greek orator of the 5th century. The Areopagus is a hill in Athens, where many councils and tribunals were held. Isocrates wanted to restore one of these tribunals when he wrote the speech. In the speech,Milton argued that the Licensing Order of 1643 should be abolished; censorship had not been part of Greek or Roman societies. Milton uses many passages from the Bible to strengthen his argument. Milton had been censored himself when he tried to publish tracts which were in favor of allowing people to get divorced. 

In "Areopagitica", Milton argues that the status that was there before had worked best: By this law, all publications needed an authors name or that of a publisher. According to Milton, it is easy to find the authors or the publishers with this system. So if anything libelous is published, the books can still be destroyed after the fact.

Defamation

Defamation is saying or writing something about another person that hurts their reputation. Usually, when people use the word "defamation", it means that the statement is not true. In this case, it is against the law. A statement that is defamation is called "defamatory".

In order to be defamatory, a statement has to claim to be a fact instead of an opinion. For example, saying, "Mr. Jones is mean" cannot be defamatory, because it is someone's opinion. However, if someone says, "Mr. Jones steals candy from children", then the statement is defamatory "if" it is not true, because it would be a fact, not an opinion.

If a defamatory statement is written, such as in a book or in a newspaper, it is called libel. If it is spoken out loud, it is called slander. Somebody who is the victim of defamation can sue the person who wrote or said it.

Defamation is a tool of bullying.

Defamation laws are not the same in every country. In most countries it is a civil wrong or tort. In some it is a crime. In many countries the burden of proof is on the person claiming that somebody is defaming them. This means they have to prove that the thing that was said about them is false. However, in England, it is the other way around. If somebody claims that a statement is defamation, the person who made the statement has to prove the statement is true.

Seikima-II

Seikima-II (read as "seikimatsu", which means "The End of the Century") is a Japanese heavy metal band formed by Damian Hamada in 1982.

Their music could be described as similar to the music of other heavy metal bands like Iron Maiden and Judas Priest.

Northern United States

The Northern United States, commonly referred to as the American North or simply the North, can be a geographic or historical term and definition.

Geographically, the term includes the U.S. states and regions of the United States of America that are located across the northernmost part of the country. It includes, but is not limited to, states along the Canada–United States border.

The United States Census Bureau divides some of the northernmost United States into the Midwest Region and the Northeast Region. The Census Bureau also includes the northernmost states of the Northwestern United States, that are, within the West Region.

Before 19th century westward expansion, the "Northern United States" was considered the present day New England region. By the 1830s it corresponded to the present day Northeastern United States

During the American Civil War, the Northern United States meant the ones that remained in the United States of America, called the Union states. In this context, "The North" is the Union and "The South" is the states that seceded from the U.S. to form the Confederate States of America. However, some slave-holding states that remained in the Union may be counted on either side.


Radical

Radical, from Late Latin "radicalis" "of roots" and from Latin "radix" "root", may refer to:




Extremism, political standpoints that are perceived as revolutionary or extreme




Rachel Carson

Rachel Louise Carson (born May 27, 1907 – died April 14, 1964) was an American marine biologist and nature writer. Carson worked for 15 years as a biologist, scientist and editor in the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries and then the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. Her books were very important in helping the environmental movement grow. She was famous for writing "Silent Spring". She also wrote a set of three books about the ocean and what lives in and around it.

"Silent Spring" caught the attention of many Americans. Before this not many worried about environmental problems and conservation. The book looked at problems with DDT and other pesticides (chemicals that kill pests, like mosquitoes and flies). It was thought these pesticides were safe, but they were actually causing many birds to die. DDT stayed in insects and fish which were eaten by birds. The birds then laid eggs with thin shells that would break. Some birds, like the Bald Eagle almost disappeared from the United States. In her book Carson said that without changes in how we use pesticides, there may not be birds left at some time in the future. Instead of hearing birds sing in the spring, it would be quiet, and that is how the book got its title.

This book led to a change in the national pesticide policy and a ban on DDT and some other pesticides. This new grassroots environmental movement, inspired by the book, led to the creation of the Environmental Protection Agency. After her death, Carson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Jimmy Carter. There is a National Wildlife Refuge in Maine named after her.

Rachel Carson was born on May 27, 1907 in Springdale, Pennsylvania and grew up on a family farm. It was on the Allegheny River, near Pittsburgh. Carson liked to read, and was a talented writer from a young age. She also spent a lot of time exploring around her farm. She began writing stories (often with animals in them) at age eight, and had her first story published at age eleven. She liked to read the "St. Nicholas Magazine", which published her first stories. It also published stories by Beatrix Potter, and the books of Gene Stratton Porter, Herman Melville, Joseph Conrad and Robert Louis Stevenson. The natural world, particularly the ocean, was a common part of her favorite books. Carson graduated high school in 1925, at the top of her class of forty-four students.

At the Pennsylvania College for Women (now known as Chatham University), as in high school, Carson was a bit of a loner. She originally studied English, but switched her major to biology in January 1928. She continued writing in the school's student newspaper. Though accepted to graduate school at Johns Hopkins University in 1928, she had to remain at the Pennsylvania College for Women for her senior year because of money problems. She graduated "magna cum laude" (highest honors) in 1929. After a summer course at the Marine Biological Laboratory, she continued her studies in zoology and genetics at Johns Hopkins in the fall of 1929.

After her first year of graduate school, Carson worked in a laboratory with rats and "Drosophila", to earn money for tuition. She wrote her dissertation for her master's degree on how the pronephros in fish developed early in their life. She earned a master's degree in zoology in June 1932. She wanted to continue for a doctorate, but in 1934 Carson had to leave Johns Hopkins to find a full-time teaching job to help support her family. In 1935, her father died suddenly, and Carson had to take care of her aging mother. This made the money problem even bigger (this was during the Great Depression, when jobs were hard to find).

Her biology mentor from college helped her get a part-time job with the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries. Here she wrote for a educational broadcast called "Romance Under the Waters" on the radio (this was before television). It was a seven-minute program that ran once a week for a year. It was about aquatic life (mostly fish), to increase public interest in fish biology and in what the Bureau of Fisheries did. This was a job several people before Carson had not been able to do. Carson also began submitting articles on marine life in the Chesapeake Bay to local newspapers and magazines.

Carson's boss liked what she did, and asked her to write the introduction to a public brochure about the fisheries bureau. He also had her apply to the first full-time job that became available. When she took the civil service exam, she outscored all other applicants. In 1936 she became only the second woman to be hired by the Bureau of Fisheries for a full-time, professional position, as a junior aquatic biologist.
Carson worked for 15 years in the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries and then the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.

Her 1951 bestselling book "The Sea Around Us" allowed her to work full-time as a nature writer. People recognized her as a gifted writer. Her next book, "The Edge of the Sea", and the republished version of her first book, "Under the Sea Wind", were also bestsellers. Together, the three books explore all parts of ocean life, from the shores to the surface to the deep sea.

In the late 1950s, Carson became interested in conservation and the environmental problems caused by new pesticides. At first, she did not want to write about it, but nobody else would write about the problems of pesticides. So she studied the problem, and wrote "Silent Spring" (published in 1962). 

Rachel Carson died young, at the age of 56. She had breast cancer earlier. It was treated, but after several years cancer came back. She died April 14, 1964. 

Heterochrony

Heterochrony (= "different time") is any change in the timing of development in an animal or plant. It is a key concept in developmental biology and evolution, introduced by Ernst Haeckel in 1875. It applies to the time a trait appears in the growth of an organism, or to the timing of gene expression in development.

Its importance in biology is to explain the way closely related animals may come to have quite large differences in shape, and size, whilst nevetheless having a rather similar genome. The main components are the time a process starts and stops in development, and the rate at which the process works. 

In his book "Embryos and evolution" (1930) Gavin de Beer stressed the importance of heterochrony, and especially paedomorphosis, in evolution. Changes to the genes which control timing in development can produce quite striking changes in the adult. de Beer also conceived the idea of "clandestine evolution", which helped to explain the sudden changes in the fossil record which were apparently at odds with Darwin's gradual theory of evolution. If a novelty were to evolve gradually in an animal's juvenile form, then its development might not appear in the fossil record at all. Then, if the species were to undergo neoteny, the feature would appear suddenly in the fossil record, despite having evolved gradually. Stephen Jay Gould commented on de Beer's book:


Neoteny

Neoteny is a type of heterochrony. It is a change in the timing of development in an animal. It is where bodily development is slowed, but sexual development goes on at the same rate. At the extreme, this results in a sexually mature juvenile or larval form. A classic example of that is the Axolotl salamander.

It has often been suggested that the human species is an example of neoteny. There are features of adult humans that are more like those of juvenile apes than adult apes. 

These are some of the neotenous traits in humans: 

In some texts these differences may be called paedomorphosis, meaning "like a child". The term "K-selection" is sometimes used to describe this evolutionary process. The process is all part of a situation where the species benefits from the longer-lasting of juvenile features into adult life.

If we continue the list into physiology and behaviour, we find:

This second list shows how the first list becomes the basis for the larger groups of modern man and their better transmission of experiences to later generations.

Gavin de Beer

Sir Gavin Rylands de Beer FRS (1899–1972) was a British evolutionary embryologist. He was Director of the London Natural History Museum, President of the Linnean Society, and received the Royal Society's Darwin Medal for his studies on evolution.

In the First World War he served in the Grenadier Guards. Later, he taught at Oxford University zoology department. In 1938, he was made Reader in Embryology at University College London. During the Second World War de Beer again served with the Grenadier Guards reaching the rank of temporary lieutenant colonel. He worked in military intelligence, propaganda and psychological warfare. Also during the war, in 1940, he was elected Fellow of the Royal Society.

In 1945, de Beer became Professor of Zoology and was, from 1946 to 1949, President of the Linnean Society. Then he was Director of the British Museum (Natural History) from 1950 until his retirement in 1960. He was knighted in 1954, and awarded the Darwin Medal of the Royal Society in 1957.

de Beer wrote 25 books, of which these are still noteworthy:

The Lightning Thief

The Lightning Thief is a 2005 fantasy-adventure novel which is based on Greek mythology. It is the first young-adult book written by author Rick Riordan. It is the first book in the "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" series. The series is about the adventures of a modern 12-year-old named Percy Jackson after he discovers he is a demigod (half-human, half-god). Percy is the son of a mortal woman, named Sally and the Greek god Poseidon. Percy and his friends try to prevent a war between the Greek gods Zeus, 
Poseidon, and Hades.

Rick Riordan finished writing his manuscript in 1994. "The Lightning Thief" was first bought by Bantam Books in 1997. Bantam sold it to Miramax Books. Miramax published it on June 28, 2005. The book sold more than 1.2 million copies in the next four years. The book won many awards. In 2007, it was on "The New York Times" Best Seller list for children's books. It was one of the Young Adult Library Services Association's Best Books for Young Adults. It was made into a movie named "". The movie was first shown in the United States on February 12, 2010. The next book in the series is "The Sea of Monsters".

Planning for both "The Lightning Thief" and the series began when Riordan started making up stories for his nine-year-old son, Haley. He had started studying Greek mythology (stories) in second grade. He wanted his father to tell him stories about them before he went to sleep. Riordan had taught Greek myths as a middle school teacher. He remembered some of the myths, which he then told to his son. Soon, Riordan had told him all the stories. When Haley wanted him to make up new stories using the characters from the myths, Riordan created the character of Percy Jackson. Like Percy, Haley had ADHD and dyslexia. He made up the story of how Percy traveled across the United States to search for Zeus' master bolt. After hearing the story, Haley wanted his father to write a book about Percy and his friends.

In June 1994, Riordan finished the story. He started looking for agents to publish it. He went to many local colleges to find an editor before finding an agent. He gave his manuscript to his agent and editor to review. At the same time, he gave the book to some sixth, seventh and eighth graders to read and tell him what was good or bad about it. They named the book and helped Riordan describe how Percy's sword (Riptide) worked. In June 1997, Riordan signed with Bantam Books to prepare the book for publishing. In 2004, Miramax Books bought the book. The money was enough for Riordan to quit his teaching job and spend his time on writing. The book was published on June 28, 2005. It sold over 1.2 million copies. The book had hardcover, softcover and audio editions. It has been translated into many languages. It has been published all over the world.

"The Lightning Thief" is a fantasy–adventure novel which uses the ideas of ancient Greek mythology in today's world. It is written in a fast-paced, humorous (funny) style.

Percy Jackson is a 12 year old boy. He has ADHD and dyslexia. He has been thrown out of many schools. On a trip with his mother, he meets his friend Grover, a satyr (half-goat, half-human). Grover tells Percy's mother that Percy must go to a camp. When they drive towards the camp, a Minotaur (monster) attacks them and kills Percy's mother. but Grover and Percy escape.

Percy later wakes up. He learns that he is in Camp Half-Blood, which is a secret training camp for demigods. Percy has to live in the Hermes cabin because he does not know which god his father is. He is under the care of Luke Castellan, the cabin counselor (leader). During a game, the children of the war god Ares attack Percy. He is healed when he steps into a river. When Poseidon's trident appears above his head, Percy learns that he is Poseidon's son. After World War II, Poseidon, Hades and Zeus made an oath (promise) not to have any more children because they were too powerful. However, Poseidon broke the oath by having Percy.

Chiron tells Percy to find Zeus' master lightning bolt. Chiron thinks Hades stole the bolt. However, Zeus discovers that Poseidon has broken his oath, and thinks Poseidon told Percy to steal the bolt. He tells Percy that he has ten days until the summer solstice to find it. Before leaving, Luke gives Percy magic shoes. Percy gives them to Grover. Annabeth (a daughter of Athena) and Grover join Percy in his quest to find the bolt.

They decide to travel west to reach the entrance to the Underworld, which is in Los Angeles. They also meet Ares. When they come near the pit of Tartarus, Luke’s shoes try to pull Grover into it, but he escapes. Percy meets Hades, who also thinks Percy stole the Master Bolt. He also thinks Percy stole his Helm of Darkness. Percy knows that Ares has tricked him when he finds the bolt in his backpack. He runs away from the Underworld. He has to leave his mother there. Percy fights and wins. Ares gives Percy the Helm of Darkness. Percy gives it back to Hades. Olympus is now present at the top of the Empire State Building in New York City. Percy arrives there to give the master bolt to Zeus.

Percy goes back to camp after hearing that his mother is alive. He meets Luke, who says that he stole the bolt for Kronos. He calls a poisonous scorpion which stings and nearly kills Percy. Percy kills the scorpion first. Chiron cures Percy, who leaves camp. He goes to a new school and stays with his mother instead of staying at camp.


"The Lightning Thief" received mostly positive reviews. Common Sense Media said "there are two levels of fun in "The Lightning Thief". One is the fast-paced quest of a young hero and his friends to save the world" and added "another level of fun here – laughing at the wicked ways the author has updated the gods and monsters for the 21st century". However, it criticized some parts of the book. They described the prose as "choppy and attitude-filled" and complained that "[t]he characters aren't emotionally involving". Its overall rating was 4 stars out of 5. "The New York Times" praised "The Lightning Thief" as "perfectly paced, with electrifying moments chasing each other like heartbeats". "School Library Journal" said in its starred review (which is given to outstanding books) that the book was "An adventure-quest with a hip edge" and that "Readers will be eager to follow the young protagonist's next move". "Kirkus" praised the book and said, "Packed with humorous (funny) allusions to Greek mythology and clever updates of the old stories, along with rip-snorting <nowiki>[</nowiki>intense<nowiki>]</nowiki> action sequences, the book really shines in the depiction of Percy – wry, impatient, academically hopeless, with a cut-to-the-chase bluntness one would wish for in a hero of old." Eoin Colfer, author of Artemis Fowl, called it "A fantastic blend (mix) of mythology and modern". "Publishers Weekly" also praised the book, regarding it as "swift and humorous" and added that the book would "leave many readers eager for the next installment." On April 8, 2007, "The Lightning Thief" was ranked ninth on "The New York Times Best Seller list" for children's books. When speaking about the various awards, Rick Riordan said:
"The ultimate compliment for a children's writer is when the kids like it."
"The Lightning Thief" was the winner of the "School Library Journal" Best Book of 2005. It was also one of the books in Chicago Public Library "Best of the Best Books List", 2005. It was also in the VOYA Top Shelf Fiction List. The book was the Red House Children's Book Award Winner (UK), 2006, and also won Askews Torchlight Award (UK), 2006, and the Mark Twain Award (Missouri Association of School Librarians), 2008. It was an "ALA" Notable Book, 2006 and a "New York Times" Notable Book (2005). It received the Rebecca Caudill Young Readers' Book Award in 2009.

In June 2004, 20 Century Fox bought feature movie rights to the book. In April 2007, director Chris Columbus was hired to lead the project. Logan Lerman played Percy Jackson, Brandon T. Jackson played Grover Underwood, the satyr, Alexandra Daddario played the role of Annabeth while Jake Abel was cast as Luke Castellan. Pierce Brosnan played Chiron. The movie is titled "Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief" and was first shown in the United States on February 12, 2010. The movie made $226 million combined at the box office.

On June 28, 2005, a 10 hour 25 minute audio book version of "The Lightning Thief", read by actor Jesse Bernstein, was published worldwide by Listening Library.

"Kirkus" said in their review, "the narrator’s voice lends a refreshing air of realism to this riotously paced [fast paced] quest tale of heroism that questions the realities of our world, family, friendship and loyalty". "AudioFile Magazine" praised the audiobook, saying both adults and children will be "spellbound" when they listen to "this deeply imaginative tale unfold." "School Library Journal" both praised and criticized the audio book saying "Although some of Jesse Bernstein's accents fail (the monster from Georgia, for instance, has no Southern trace in her voice), he does a fine job of keeping the main character's tones and accents distinguishable".

"The Lightning Thief" is followed by "The Sea of Monsters". There, Percy and Annabeth rescue Grover, who has been taken prisoner by Polyphemus, the Cyclops. They get the Golden Fleece from Polyphemus' island to save the camp. They are joined by Percy's half brother, Tyson, and Clarisse in this mission.

Like "The Lightning Thief", it won several prizes. It was received well by reviewers too. It sold over 100,000 copies in paperback.

"The Lightning Thief" was published in many languages. It was published in French, German, Spanish, Finnish, Swedish, Hebrew, Brazilian Portuguese, Serbian and Dutch. The French edition is known as "" (OCLC 3199424908). The German name of the book is
' (OCLC 2554901802). These two, along with the Spanish version ' (OCLC 748684882), were published in 2006. The three other translations of the book, ' (OCLC 23120723516), in Finnish, "O ladrão de raios", in Brazilian Portuguese, (in Portugal it is called ' meaning The Thieves of Olympus) and or "Persi G'eḳson ṿe-ganav ha-baraḳ" (OCLC 24382472372) in Hebrew were published in 2008.

Province of Castellón

Province of Castellón () or Castelló (Valencian/Catalan) is a province in the northern part of the Valencian Community, Spain. It is bordered by the provinces of Valencia, Teruel, Tarragona, and the Mediterranean Sea.

Asturias

The Principality of Asturias (, ) is an autonomous community. It is in the kingdom of Spain or the former Kingdom of Asturias in the Middle Ages. It is on the Spanish north coast facing the Cantabrian Sea. The capital of the province is Oviedo. Gijón is the biggest city. There is an airport in Asturias, from where you can fly to a few places in Spain and in Europe. The region has borders with Galicia, León and Cantabria.

Castile and León

Castile and León (), known formally as the Community of Castile and León, is one of the 17 autonomous communities of Spain.

Province of A Coruña

A Coruña (; ; historical ) is the most northwestern Atlantic-facing province of Spain. It is one of the four provinces which make up the autonomous community of Galicia. This province is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the west and north. The Pontevedra Province surrounds it to the south and the Lugo Province to the east.

Province of Córdoba (Spain)

Córdoba (, '), called Cordova in English, is a province of southern Spain. It is bordered by the provinces of Málaga, Sevilla, Badajoz, Ciudad Real, Jaén, and Granada. Its area is 13,769 km². It is majority Muslim with a large Catholic minority.

Law &amp; Order: Special Victims Unit

Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (often shortened to Law & Order: SVU) is an American television spin-off of the original police drama series "Law & Order" which is set in New York City, inside the fictional 16th precinct of Manhattan.



Alfred Waterhouse

Alfred Waterhouse (19 July 1830 – 22 August 1905) was an English architect, particularly associated with the Victorian Gothic revival. He is perhaps best known for his design for Manchester Town Hall and the Natural History Museum in London, although he also built a wide variety of other buildings throughout the country. Financially speaking, Waterhouse was probably the most successful of all Victorian architects. Though expert within Gothic and Renaissance styles, Waterhouse never limited himself to a single architectural style.

OSI model

The Open Systems Interconnection model (OSI model) is a method of thinking of computer networking in terms of abstraction layers. Different communication protocols with similar functions are grouped into different logical layers on the OSI Model. Each layer of the OSI Model makes use of functions provided by the layers below it and provides functions that are used by the layers above it. There are 7 layers. 

The OSI model is a way of thinking about protocol stacks. 

According to the standard OSI Model there are seven layers. Each layer is dependent upon the layers below it to function.
Some aspects of computer networking, such as management and security, use or are used on every layer.

The application layer provides an interface for the end user operating a device connected to a network. This layer is what the user sees, in terms of loading an application (such as Web browser or e-mail); that is, this application layer is the data the user views while using these applications. Examples of application layer functionality include: 


The Presentation Layer would be able to properly interpret a message sent through the network. This layer is responsible for the proper translation or interpretation.

The Session Layer establishes request/response communication. When needed, a session is started with authentication, after which a request is sent. After a response the session might be ended or a new request is sent. This is the first layer where a client/server concept is introduced. Where a specific device might change the role from client to server or vice versa.

The Transport Layer is the level at which system reliability and quality are ensured. This layer manages traffic flow through the network layer to reduce congestion on a network, and performs error checking ensuring quality of service by resending data when data has been corrupted. Some of the most popular methods of encryption and firewall security take place on this layer.

The Routing Layer works to coordinate related parts of a data conversation to ensure that large files are transferred. In other words, while the data link layer deals with the method in which the physical layer is used to transfer data, the network layer deals with organizing that data for transfer and reassembly. This layer also handles aspects of Routing Protocols, finding the available [best] path(s) from one network to another to ensure delivery of the data.

The Data Layer is mainly the method in which information from the network is broken down into and transmitted over the physical layer. This layer is also responsible for some Error detection and correction and some addressing so different devices can tell each other apart in larger systems.

The Physical Layer refers to electrical and physical aspects of devices. In particular, it specifies how a device sends and receives information, such as using copper wires or fiber-optic cables. Examples of this include Ethernet or fiber optic cables, phone cords used for dial-up or DSL services, the coaxial cable used to provide broadband internet, the wires used to connect various components of a computer or even the radio signals used in wireless communication. Other functions of the physical layer include the conversion of signals into something that another layer can use (referred to as a bit), and adjusting the signal to allow for multiple users to use the same connections.

Victoria and Albert Museum

The Victoria and Albert Museum (often abbreviated as the V&A) in London is the world's largest museum of applied art (decorative arts and design). Named after Queen Victoria and Prince Albert, it was founded in 1852.

The V&A has a permanent collection of over 4.5 million objects. It covers and 145 galleries. Its collection spans 5000 years of art, from ancient times to the present day, in virtually every medium, from the cultures of Europe, North America, Asia and North Africa. The museum is sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.

The holdings of ceramics, glass, textiles, costumes, silver, ironwork, jewellery, furniture, medieval objects, sculpture, prints and printmaking, drawings and photographs are among the largest and most comprehensive in the world.

The museum possesses the world's largest collection of post-classical sculpture, the holdings of Italian Renaissance items are the largest outside Italy. The departments of Asia include art from South Asia, China, Japan, Korea and the Islamic world. The East Asian collections are among the best in Europe, with particular strengths in ceramics and metalwork, while the Islamic collection, with the Musée du Louvre and Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, is amongst the largest in the world.

The V&A is in what is called London's "Albertopolis", an area of immense cultural, scientific and educational importance. Near it are the Natural History Museum, the Science Museum, Imperial College, the Albert Hall and the Albert Memorial.

Since 2001, the Museum has embarked on a major £150m renovation program which has seen a major overhaul of the departments including the introduction of newer galleries, gardens, shops and visitor facilities. As with other national UK museums, admission to the museum is free.

Faber Drive

Faber Drive is a Juno award nominated band from Canada. They became a band in 2004 when they were discovered by Nickelback frontman, Chad Kroeger and later released their debut album "Seven Second Surgery". They are signed to 604 records which is the area code of the lower mainland of Vancouver.

Their name comes from the lead singer, Dave Faber's last name.

Their newest album is "can'T keEp A SecrEt" (sylized to say "TEASE"), which came to stores in 2009.


Faber Drive's Official website

Abubakari Yakubu

Abubakari Yakubu (13 December 1981 – 31 October 2017) was a Ghanaian football player. He has played for the Ghanaian national team. He was born in Tema, Ghana.

Yakubu died on 31 October 2017 at the age of 35.

145||0
145||0

!Total||16||0

Gymnocalycium

Gymnocalycium is a genus of plants in the family Cactaceae.

All of these plants are succulents without leaves. The plants grows in South America (Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay). In total, there are 50-80 species.

Stems of these plants are round, their diameter is 7–30 cm, their height is 3–25 cm. The color of stems is grey-green or brown-green or grey-brown.

Plants of this genus are popular houseplants.


Prayer of the Refugee

"Prayer of the Refugee" is the second single from the punk rock band Rise Against's album "The Sufferer & the Witness". It was released worldwide in 2006. The song was first called "Diaspora", with advance copies of the album using that name instead of "Prayer of the Refugee." The song is shown as a re-recorded bonus track in the video game "". The song is also showed in "Slednecks 9" DVD. It's used in "The Compound" segment of the movie.

The album version of the song is available as DLC for the Rock Band series along with "Savior" and "Re-Education (Through Labor)".

Physical fitness

Physical fitness is the ability to be physically active, to move and respond to the environment. People can take various tests to measure their physical performance. Such tests are necessary for some occupations, such as soldiers and firefighters. 

Physical fitness has two components: general fitness (a state of health and well-being) and specific fitness (the ability to perform specific aspects of sports or occupations).

The President's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports — a study group sponsored by the United States Government — declines to offer a simple definition of physical fitness. Instead, it developed the following chart:
Health-related components: those factors that are related to how well the systems of your bodywork.

Body composition is the relative percentage of body fat compared to lean body mass (muscle, bone, water, etc)

Cardiovascular fitness: the ability of the circulatory system (heart and blood vessels) to supply oxygen to working muscles during exercise.

Flexibility: the range of movement possible at various joints.

Accordingly, a general-purpose physical fitness program must address those issues.

Mercè Rodoreda

Mercè Rodoreda i Gurguí (October 10, 1908 – April 13, 1983) was a Spanish Catalan novelist.

Selena (album)

Selena is the first studio album by American singer Selena. It was released on October 17, 1989 by EMI Latin. The album was recorded in San Antonio and Houston, Texas. The album was Selena's first album to be released by EMI Latin. She signed a record deal with them earlier in the year. "Selena" got to number seven on the US Regional Mexican Albums chart. By 1996, 24,000 copies had been sold. The album helped Selena to win "Female Vocalist of the Year" and "Female Entertainer of the Year" at the 1990 Tejano Music Awards.

Selena's brother, A.B. Quintanilla III was the music producer and songwriter for the album. Selena wrote "My Love" on her own. "Sukiyaki" was translated from Japanese to Spanish. This was done by Selena's father and manager Abraham Quintanilla, Jr. and Pete Astudillo. The lead single, "Contigo Quiero Estar" got to number eight on the Hot Latin Tracks chart in 1989.

José Behar, president of EMI Latin, went to the 1989 Tejano Music Awards. He was looking for new musicians. After Selena sang, Behar called his boss and told him about Selena. Behar thought he found the next Gloria Estefan. His boss told him that he was "crazy". He said this because Behar was only in Texas for a week. Selena later signed with EMI Latin later that year. She was the first artist to sign with them. Recording started in late 1988 and went on until early 1989. Selena recorded most of the songs in San Antonio, Texas at AMEN Studios. "Sukiyaki" and "My Love" were recorded in Houston, Texas at Sunrise Studios. Selena wrote "My Love" by herself. She wanted the song to be in the album. Her brother A.B. Quintanilla III was the music producer and main songwriter. Their father and manager Abraham Quintanilla, Jr. gave the job to A.B. He believed A.B. was good at producing music.

The only songs A.B. did not write were "Sukiyaki", "Contigo Quiero Estar", and "No Te Vayas". The original "Sukiyaki" was in Japanese. Selena's lyrics were a Spanish version of an English version of the song by Janice Marie Johnson. "Sukiyaki" had been one of Abraham's favorite songs when he was growing up. "Contigo Quiero Estar" was written by Mexican songwriter Alejandro Montealegre. "No Te Vayas" was written by Reinaldo Ornelas. A.B. wanted "No Te Vayas" on the album because of its reggae sounds. He thought it would make the album "exotic" (different) from other Spanish-language albums. He believed this because of the different music genres they had produced.

"Selena" was released on October 17, 1989 by EMI Latin. In its first week on the US Regional Mexican Albums chart (December 2, 1989), it was at number 17. It got to its highest place on the chart, number 7, on March 24, 1990. It was on the chart for another three weeks. On May 5, 1990, it was on the chart again, at number 14. That was after the release of "Ven Conmigo" (1990). However, it left the charts. It was on the chart again two times in August 1990. "Contigo Quiero Estar", "Mentiras", and "Sukiyaki" were released as singles. The lead single, "Contigo Quiero Estar" got to number eight on the Hot Latin Tracks chart.

At the 1990 Tejano Music Awards, Selena won "Female Vocalist of the Year" and "Female Entertainer of the Year". Her album "Selena" did better than albums from other female singers. As of 1996, 24,000 copies of "Selena" have been sold in the United States. 30,000 copies of "Selena" were shipped. On August 27, 2002, "Selena" was released again. It was part of the "20 Years of Music" series. It had one bonus track ("La Bamba"). It also had commentaries for each track. Selena's family and friends talked about what happened during recordings and choosing songs for the album.

Credits were taken from the album's booklet.




Ven Conmigo

Ven Conmigo (English: "Come With Me"), was the third album released by rising Latina superstar Selena, on November 12, 1990, for the CAPITOL/EMI Latin label. This album, was the first to market Selena as a solo artist, no longer identifying her albums with "Selena Y Los Dinos," though they were still very much a part of the mix. The album itself, sold 50,000 units in America, and was certified Gold by the RIAA. Another 242,802 copies were sold on Amazon.com, verifed from their sellers rank.

The group re-recorded "La Tracalera", a cover version of a song by the original Dinos, as well as "Aunque No Salga El Sol," which they had originally recorded, in 1984. The song "Baila Esta Cumbia," was an instant hit in the U.S., and later crossed over to Mexico. Ven Conmigo, was the group's first Gold album.

A remastered version was released in 2002, with bonus tracks and spoken liner notes by the family and friends, who witnessed the entire production.

The album "Ven Conmigo" was recorded and mixed at "ZAZ Studios" in San Antiono, Texas. The engineer was "Gilbert Velasquez" who also mixed the album. The album's main photo was taken by "Robert Lopez". The album was produced, arranged, and performaned by A.B. Quintanilla III. The co-arranged was "Ricky Vela" and "Jose C. Ojeda". The midi and computer sequencing was made by "Ricky Vela".

A.B. Quintanilla, III, wrote and produced almost every song on Ven Conmigo. David Lee Garza, the accordion player for the title track, "Ven Conmigo, participated in the writing and production, as well.



Nadap

The village of Nadap lies on the eastern slopes of Velencei Hills, it is a well oriented, self-contained settlement, with charming rural atmosphere. It is only two kilometers both from the recreation facilities of Lake Velencei and from the M7 motorway, therefore it is easily accessible from Budapest and from Székesfehérvár, too. Each house in the settlement has a great panorama.

The settlements around Lake Velencei are overwhelmed with the spirit of Mihály Vörösmarty. Nadap is not different either, the poet was baptised in the village on 3 December 1800. The baptistery is still in the church today. The inhabitants of the village expressed their admiration for the memory of the poet with a sculpture erected in the Millenium Park.

Nadap also hosts a key cartographical and architectural specialty; it is the home of the etalon for measuring heights in Hungary, called Nadapi szintezési ősjegy (Levelling mark of Nadap).


Pázmánd

Pázmánd is in the easternmost part of Velencei Hills, at the foot of Zsidó Hill (202m).

Archaeological artefacts prove that the village was already been populated the in Iron Age. The name of the village comes from the period when the State was founded; the area was probably awarded as a gift to Knight Pázmány to function as a summer residence.
Little is known about the history of the settlement in the Middle Ages. One thing is sure: when the Turks were expelled from Hungary the fleeing troops slaughtered the families living here, destroyed the Romanesque church and set the village on fire.
At the beginning of the 18th century Tót people (Slovakians) were settled in the area, the village was even called Tót-Pázmánd for some time. The inhabitants of the village declared themselves Hungarians already in the 19th century but their Slovakian roots are still noticeable in their conventions (Sibálás - Easter lashing).


Socratis Kokkalis

Socratis Kokkalis (born May 27, 1939) is a Greek businessman who has been a member of the Forbes 500 list of the world's 500 richest people. He is the Chairman, CEO and majority shareholder of Intracom Holdings. Intracom is one of the largest multinational technology groups in South-Eastern Europe, and the Chairman and majority shareholder of Intralot S.A., the world's leading gaming technology supplier and lottery licensed operator. He was also the owner and president of Olympiacos CFP, until his retirement in 2010. CFP is the most successful and most supported Greek football club in Greece. He is the President of the Kokkalis Foundation. This is a non-profit organization that promotes education and training, culture and social welfare, medical research and information technology, and athletics, both in Greece and abroad.


Mikhail Botvinnik

Mikhail Botvinnik (17 August 1911 – 5 May 1995) was a Soviet Russian grandmaster and three-time World Chess Champion.

He was an electrical engineer, one of the few chess masters who achieved distinction in another career while playing top-class competitive chess.

Botvinnik was the first world-class player to develop within the Soviet Union. This put him under some political pressure, but also gave him considerable influence within Soviet chess. He played a major role in the design of the World Chess Championship system after World War II. After his retirement as a player he coached a few select pupils. They included three future World Champions Anatoly Karpov, Garry Kasparov and Vladimir Kramnik.

Mikhail Moiseyevich Botvinnik was born near St. Petersburg into a Jewish family. His father was a dental technician, and a cantor ("hazzan") in the local synagogue. His mother was a dentist, which allowed the family to live outside the Pale of Settlement to which most Jews in Russia were restricted at the time. As a result, Mikhail Botvinnik grew up in Saint Petersburg's Nevsky Prospekt.

His father forbade the speaking of Yiddish at home, and Mikhail and his older brother Issy attended Soviet schools. Mikhail Botvinnik later said, "I am a Jew by blood, Russian by culture, Soviet by upbringing".

To test the strength of Soviet chess masters, Nikolai Krylenko organized the Moscow 1925 chess tournament. On a rest day during the event, world champion José Raúl Capablanca gave a simultaneous exhibition in Leningrad. Botvinnik was selected as one of his opponents, and won their game.

Botvinnik was admitted in 1928 to Leningrad University's Mathematics Department. In January 1929, he played for Leningrad in the student team chess championship against Moscow. Leningrad won and the team manager got Botvinnik a transfer to the Polytechnic's Electromechanical Department.

His early progress was fairly rapid. He won the Leningrad Masters' tournament in 1930 with 6½/8, following this up the next year by winning the Championship of Leningrad by 2½ points over former Soviet champion Peter Romanovsky.

In 1931, at the age of 20, Botvinnik won his first Soviet Championship in Moscow, scoring 13½ out of 17. In late summer 1931, he graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering. In 1933, he repeated his Soviet Championship win, in his home city of Leningrad, with 14/19.

Soon afterwards Ilyin-Genevsky, one of the older masters and a member of the Soviet embassy in Prague, arranged a match between Salo Flohr and Botvinnik. Botvinnik fell two games behind by the end of the first six, played in Moscow. However, aided by his old friend Viacheslav Ragozin and coach Abram Model, he levelled the score in Leningrad and the match was drawn. When describing the post-match party, Botvinnik wrote that at the time he danced the foxtrot and charleston to a professional standard.

In his first tournament outside the USSR, the Hastings International Chess Congress 1934–35, Botvinnik achieved only a tie for 5th-6th places, with 5/9. He wrote that, in London after the tournament, Emanuel Lasker said his arrival only two hours before the first round began was a serious mistake and that he should have allowed ten days for acclimatization. Botvinnik wrote that he did not make this mistake again.

Botvinnik came first equal with Flohr, ½ point ahead of Lasker and one point ahead of José Raúl Capablanca, in Moscow's second International Tournament, held in 1935. After consulting Capablanca and Lasker, Krylenko proposed to award Botvinnik the title grandmaster, but Botvinnik objected that "titles were not the point". However, he accepted a free car and a 67% increase in his postgraduate study grant, both provided by the People's Commissariat of Heavy Industry.
An even stronger double-round tournament was played in Moscow in June 1936, and Botvinnik finished second, one point behind Capablanca and 2½ ahead of Flohr.

In early winter, 1936, Botvinnik was invited to play in a tournament at Nottingham, England. Krylenko authorized his participation and, although his Soviet rivals forecast disaster for him, he scored an undefeated shared first place (+6 =8) with Capablanca, ½ point ahead of the then World Champion Max Euwe and rising American stars Reuben Fine and Samuel Reshevsky, and 1 point ahead of ex-champion Alexander Alekhine. This was the first tournament victory by a Soviet master outside his own country. When the result reached Russia, Krylenko drafted a letter to be sent in Botvinnik's name to Stalin. On returning to Russia Botvinnik discovered he had been awarded the "Mark of Honour". Later, in 1937, Botvinnik drew a match of thirteen games against Grigory Levenfish.

Botvinnik won further Soviet Championship titles in 1939, 1944, 1945, and 1952, bringing his total to six – a record he shares with Mikhail Tal. In 1945 he dominated the tournament, scoring 15/17; in 1952 he tied with Mark Taimanov and won the play-off match. In post-Soviet Russia the championship is somewhat less strong, as entrants from the non-Russian countries are lacking. All the same, it is still the strongest national championship in the world, and Peter Svidler has won it six times.

Botvinnik influenced the design of the system which would be used for World Championship competition from 1948 to 1963. Viktor Baturinsky wrote "Now came Botvinnik's turn to defend his title in accordance with the new qualifying system which he himself had outlined in 1946".

On the basis of his strong results during and just after World War II, Botvinnik was one of five players to contest the World Chess Championship 1948, which was held at The Hague and Moscow. He won the tournament convincingly, with a score of 14/20, three points clear, becoming the sixth World Champion. Botvinnik then held the title, with two brief interruptions, for the next fifteen years, during which he played seven world championship matches.

Botvinnik played no formal competitive games after winning the 1948 match tournament until he defended his title. In 1951, he drew with David Bronstein over 24 games in Moscow, +5 =14 -5, keeping the world title. He struggled to draw this match with Bronstein, and had (by his standards) weak tournament results. Botvinnik did not play in the Soviet team that won the 1952 Chess Olympiad in Helsinki: the players voted for the line-up and placed Botvinnik on second board, with Keres on top board; Botvinnik protested and refused to play. Keres' playing record from 1950 to early 1952 had been outstanding.
In 1954, he drew with Vasily Smyslov over 24 games at Moscow, +7 =10 -7, again retaining the title. In 1957, he lost to Smyslov by 9½–12½ in Moscow, but the rules then in force allowed him a rematch without having to go through the Candidates' Tournament, and in 1958 he won the rematch in Moscow; Smyslov said his health was poor during the return match. In 1960, Botvinnik was convincingly beaten 8½-12½ at Moscow by Tal, now 23 years old, but again exercised his right to a rematch in 1961, and won by 13–8 in Moscow. Botvinnik's play was better than in the 1960 match, mainly due to thorough preparation. Botvinnik changed his style in the rematch, avoiding the tactical complications in which Tal excelled and aiming for closed positions and endgames, where Tal's technique was not so outstanding. Also, Tal's health was variable. Finally, in 1963, he lost the title to Tigran Petrosian, by 9½-12½ in Moscow. FIDE had by then changed the rules, and he was not allowed a rematch. The rematch rule had been nicknamed the "Botvinnik rule", because he twice benefited from it.

In 1970, Botvinnik retired from competitive chess, and he worked on chess-playing software. There was no significant result from this, but his work as a coach to top young players bore fruit. He died of pancreatic cancer in Moscow.

Hate speech

Hate speech is communicating in a way that is meant to offend and hurt somebody. It is usually based on a factor such as somebody's race, gender, ethnic group, orientation, identity, disability or religion. Some places have laws that make it illegal to use hate speech. Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights states "Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers." Authoritarian states such as Canada, France and Germany have stricter laws against hate speech than the United States, where hate speech is usually legal because its Constitution says that people have freedom of speech.


Beatification

Beatification (from Latin "beatus", blessed, Greek μακάριος, "makarios" and Latin "facere", make) is a recognition given by the Catholic Church of a dead person's entrance into Heaven and power to help people who pray in his or her name. Beatification is the third of the four steps in the canonization process. A person who is beatified is given the title "Blessed".


Reading railway station

Reading railway station (formerly Reading General) is a major rail junction and station in the English town of Reading. It is on the northern edge of the town centre, close to the main retail and commercial areas, and also the River Thames. Next to the railway station is a bus interchange, served by most of Reading's urban and rural bus services.

Reading was opened on 30 March 1840 by the Great Western Railway. It is a major junction point on the National Rail system, and as a consequence the railway station is a major transfer point as well as serving heavy local traffic. The station is sponsored by the bank ING Direct and the University of Reading. There are many local buses, regional buses and a coach to Heathrow Airport. South West Trains, First Great Western and CrossCountry serve the station.

Dreamworks Records

DreamWorks Records was an American record label. Started in 1996 by David Geffen, Steven Spielberg and Jeffrey Katzenberg as a split from DreamWorks SKG. The label worked until 2005 when it was shut down. The label itself also showed a Nashville, Tennessee based subsidiary, DreamWorks Nashville, which worked specifically in country music and was also shut down in 2005. The company's logo was designed by Roy Lichtenstein and was his last commission before his death in 1997.

The Good Left Undone

"The Good Left Undone" is the third single from the American punk rock band Rise Against's fourth album, "The Sufferer & the Witness". In June 2007, they said that they would be holding a contest to see who could make the best video for the song. They released a bulletin board over their MySpace account giving information about the contest.

The song got to number six on the "Billboard" alternative rock chart, making it the band's second top 10 single (the first being the last single "Prayer of the Refugee") and highest charting single from the album. The song has spent 30 weeks on the chart before its peak, making it the band's slowest climb to the chart's Top 10.

Revolutions per Minute

Revolutions per Minute is the second album by the American punk rock band Rise Against. It has the singles "Heaven Knows" and "Like the Angel" as well as a cover of Journey's single, "Any Way You Want It."

The album had a limited release on vinyl (217 of which were on red vinyl) which is now out of print. It was the band's last release under Fat Wreck Chords before to their move to Geffen Records. This is where they released "Siren Song of the Counter Culture" in 2004. It is interesting to note that inside the album cover, there is a copyright to Transistor Revolt, the band's name before they changed it to Rise Against.


Wicked

Wicked is a Broadway musical. It is loosely based on characters and concepts created by L. Frank Baum in his children's series of Wizard of Oz books, the 1939 MGM movie, "The Wizard of Oz", and the 1995 novel, "Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West" by Gregory Maguire. 

Winnie Holzman wrote the musical's book. Stephen Schwartz wrote the music and lyrics. "Wicked" premiered on Broadway at the Gershwin Theatre in October 2003. It won several awards, including three Tonys. A film of the same name will be released in two parts, The first part will be released in November 2024, with the second part being released a year later in November 2025. 

Fat Wreck Chords

Fat Wreck Chords is a San Francisco, California based independent record label, made for punk rock. It was started by Fat Mike (lead singer and bassist of the punk rock band NOFX) and his wife, Erin, in 1990.

They have made material for bands such as Descendents, Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, Propagandhi, Rise Against, Lagwagon, Strung Out, No Use for a Name, Less Than Jake, Against Me!, Anti-Flag, Facing The Giants, Return To The Wars, Hallowed Ground, and his own band NOFX.

PGL (company)

PGL is an activity holiday company started by Peter Gordon Lawrence in 1957. They run holidays for schools, individual children, youth groups and families, in the UK, France, Spain, Austria and other places.

Minato, Tokyo

The municipality calls itself "Minato City" in English.

On 15 March 1947, the ward of Minato was formed by combining the wards of Akasaka, Azabu, and Shiba.

Minato is on Toyko Bay. It borders Shinagawa on the south. Meguro is southwest of the ward. Shibuya is on the ward's western border. Shinjuku, Chiyoda and Chūō are on the northern border.



Afghan Hound

The Afghan Hound is a dog from Afghanistan. Other names for them are "Kuchi Hound", "Tāzī", "Balkh Hound", "Baluchi Hound", "Barutzy Hound", "Shalgar Hound", "Kabul Hound", "Galanday Hound", or sometimes, incorrectly, "African Hound". This is a very old dog breed, believed to have existed for thousands of years. It is a type of sighthound , a hunting dog which uses its eyes to spot and chase small animals, like rabbits. They are closely related to other sighthounds, like the Greyhound. Afghan Hounds can run very quickly, and can run short distances at up to 75 kilometers per hour. Nowadays, they are kept as pets, compete as show dogs, and participate in a dog sport called lure coursing, which is similar to rabbit hunting.

Their face is long and skinny, with ears that drop down on the sides of their head. The Afghan Hound is tall and thin, with a long tail that curls and is held high up in the air.

The Afghan Hound is one of the most difficult types of dogs to train. Unlike many kinds of dogs, they do not like to listen to commands, and would rather make their own choices. In "The Intelligence of Dogs", the Afghan Hound came in last place for "working intelligence." This does not mean that the Afghan Hound is stupid; it means that it is easier to encourage other dogs to follow instructions than the Afghan Hound.

They like to run, and because they can run very fast, they need to be kept on a leash or in a fenced area. Fences need to be very high to keep the Afghan Hound from escaping, because they can easily jump several meters in the air. Afghan Hounds cannot live in the same house as a cat or any other small animal, as they will try to chase or hunt it.

This is a quiet dog for indoors, but needs to have regular exercise and play time. They need to have the chance to run in a safe, fenced area at least once a week. If an Afghan gets bored, it can tear things up. This is a friendly dog that is not shy with people or other dogs. Many people who own Afghan Hounds say that they are "clownish" and silly, because they are very playful. Afghan Hounds are known to be very sensitive to injuries and complain a lot when they have them.

Afghan Hounds are mostly very healthy dogs, but do get some diseases more often than others. Because their tails are very long and thin, they can hurt them quite easily. These dogs are very sensitive to anesthetic, so if they are getting an operation, the vet must be very careful with the amount of anesthetic given. Their eyes can develop cataracts, which will make the dog blind if they are not removed.

Africanis

The Africanis is a group of rare South African dogs. They are not recognized as a breed. The Swahili name for the breed is "". This means "common" or "mixed-breed" or "traditional dog".

The Africanis is a medium-sized dog. It is well-muscled and is a bit longer than it is tall. It has a short coat of fur that can be of any color. This dog can run very fast and also is trainable.



Earthquake engineering

Earthquake engineering is the study of the behavior of building structures subject to earthquake impacts. It is a subset of civil engineering.

The main goals of earthquake engineering are:
A properly engineered structure does not necessarily have to be extremely strong or expensive.

The most powerful and affordable tools of earthquake engineering are vibration control technologies and, in particular, base isolation.

To test seismic performance of a building structure with experiments, it may be put on a shake-table that behaves like the earth shaking. The earliest shake-table experiments were performed more than a century ago. 

Tsunami or a chain of fast moving waves in the ocean caused, mostly, by powerful earthquakes is a very serious challenge for people's safety and for tsunami protection of buildings and civil infrastructure. Those waves can flood coastal areas, destroy houses and even swipe away whole towns.

Though tsunami can not be prevented, there are warning systems developed recently which warn the population before the big waves reach the land to let them enough time to rush to safety.
Ahmadi Maleki, M., Emami, M. Application of SVM for investigation of factors affecting compressive strength and consistency of geopolymer concretes. "Journal of civil Engineering and Materials Application", 2019; 3(2): 95-101. doi: 10.22034/jcema.2019.92507


Numerical weather prediction

Numerical weather prediction is the way weather forecasts are made. This is done using computer models of the atmosphere. Such models describe the current weather conditions, and how they change over time using equations. Using the current weather conditions, the equations can be solved, or approximated to tell what the weather will be like in the near future. The relevant physical parameters, such as pressure, temperature, the direction and the speed of the wind are taken to be functions of time. These are modelled with a system of partial differential equations. This is a dynamic system that is solved numerically. Most of these equations are implemented using FORTRAN. The equations are approximated. Since the number of calculations is huge, supercomputers usually do them, to finish before it's too late. 

The atmosphere is modelled as a fluid. The basic idea of numerical weather prediction is to sample the state of the fluid at a given time. The equations of fluid dynamics and thermodynamics can then be used to estimate the state of the fluid at some time in the future.

The results are usually too inaccurate to be used for predicting the weather at any place. For this reason, meteorologists check the values, and compare them to historical data. In other words, they use the data to help produce the weather forecast.

Model Output Statistics is a statistical model that was developed in the 1960s and 1970s. It uses regression analysis for a fully automated forecast. With it, historical data is analysed automatically. One of its applications is called Direct Model Output. MOS uses both historical data and statistical modeling. Predictions beyond about six hours are unreliable. 

Another well-known model is called Global Forecast System (GFS), which is run by the US weather service, NOAA. It gives a forecast four times a day. Since the information is free, the GFS is often used, especially by smaller weather stations.

The atmosphere is a chaotic system. A small change of the input values does not necessarily lead to a small change of the output. This is due to the equations of fluid dynamics that are involved. These equations involved are solved or approximated once with the parameters that were observed. This is done several times more, with parameters that are based on the observed values, but which have been changed slightly. Because the computing power is limited, the "resolution" of such a model is more coarse. Once all the calculations are finished, they are compared to one another. Calculated results that are "similar" indicate that the prognosis is relatively good. In some cases, this means that it is possible to accurately predict the weather for a time of about ten days; in other cases a prediction over even a few days may be difficult.


Paul Bunyan

Paul Bunyan is a fictional giant lumberjack. James MacGillivray wrote about Bunyan in 1910, which is the earliest writing about Bunyan that we know about. A few years later, in 1916, William Laughead was writing an advertisement, and decided to use Bunyan in what he was writing, and decided to make him a giant.

James Stevens wrote a book called "Paul Bunyan" in 1925. This book said that French Canadians people made up the Paul Bunyan stories during the Papineau Rebellion of 1837, when they were fighting against England. This would explain why Paul Bunyan's last name is "Bunyan", because "Bunyan" sounds like the French-Canadian slang word "Bonyenne", which is something that they might say when they are surprised, like how people who speak English might say "Good Grief" or "My Goodness". People told other people stories about Bunyan, and the stories would change a little bit as they spread from person to person. Often, Paul Bunyan is shown in pictures with a giant blue ox named Babe. Historians think that Babe was not created until the 20th century for advertising. Other theories is that the Paul Bunyan was based on the legendry "Big Joe Mufferaw" [aka French-Canadian lumberjack Joseph Montferrand [1802-1864]. or on a French-Canadain lumberjack in Michigan named Fabian "Joe" Fournier [1845-1875]

According to legend, when Bunyan was born, it took three storks to carry him. (In some stories storks carry babies and drop them off at their parents' houses.). When he became older, he broke every window in the house when he clapped or laughed. When he was seven months old, he sawed the legs off his parent's bed in the middle of the night. Paul and his friend, Babe the Blue Ox, dug the Grand Canyon when Paul was carrying his axe with a blade made from a locomotive and dragging it behind him. Babe, Bunyan's friend, was a large and very strong animal.

Many different towns say that they are the "home" of Bunyan. Some of these towns are in Minnesota, Michigan, and Wisconsin, although there are towns in other states, too.

In the town of Kelliher, Minnesota, there is a park called Paul Bunyan Memorial Park, where there is a grave site that says that Paul Bunyan is buried there.


Japanese era name

The , also known as , is a traditional calendar system which began during the reign of Emperor Kōtoku in the 7th century. This calendar has been in use in Japan since the beginning of the 8th century.

The historical Japanese calendar system defines and parses time in terms of ordinal numbers.

Each new was usually started soon after the beginning of the reign of a new emperor. Era names were also changed due to other events. Starting in the reign of Emperor Yōzei, the tradition of naming eras because of good omens changed. Instead, the name of an era might be chosen to ward off something bad.

The first day of the started whenever the emperor decided. This first year continued until the next lunar new year, which is understood to be the start of the "nengō's" second year.

To change a Japanese year to a Western or Gregorian calendar year, find the first year of the "nengō" (see list below). When found, subtract 1, and add the number of the Japanese year. For example, the 23rd year of the Shōwa period ("Shōwa 23") was 1948:




Appomattox Court House

Appomattox Court House is a place in Virginia (It is now called Appomattox, Virginia). It is where General Robert E. Lee of the Confederate Army surrendered to Ulysses S. Grant and the Union Army on April 9, 1865, ending the American Civil War. Though the place is called Appomattox Court House, the surrender took place at the McLean House, a private home. 

Base isolation

Base isolation is a collection of a building’s units resting on its foundation to provide separation of the building from shaking ground thus improving seismic performance.

Base isolation system consists of "isolation units" with or without "isolation components", where:

1. "Isolation units" are the basic elements of "base isolation system" which provide the mentioned separation effect to a building structure.

2. "Isolation components" are the connections between "isolation units" and other parts of the building having no separation effect of their own.

From the very beginning, the theory of base isolation rested on two pillars: "heavy damping" and "frequency separation". Unfortunately, nobody paid any attention that the heavy damping was a sort of a strong connection between a "substructure" and "superstructure", and that the idea of decoupling them with the help of such connections was of no good. Anyway, to virtually test-drive any design concept of base isolation, some online help is available now.

Shōō (Kamakura period)

, also spelled as "Shō-ō", was a after "Kōan" and before "Einin". The period started in April 1288 and ended in August 1293. During this time, the emperor was .




Vibration control

In earthquake engineering, vibration control is a set of technical means for decreasing seismic loads and improving seismic performance of building structures.

All vibration control devices may be classified as "passive", "active" or "hybrid". The first kind is the simplest one and, therefore, widespread. Passive control devices represent different types of "base isolators" and "seismic dampers".

"Base isolators" restrict penetration of potentially damaging seismic waves into a building structure while "dampers" decrease destructive effect of those waves.

Telephone card

A telephone card, calling card or phone card for short, is a small plastic card that is used to pay for telephone calls. They usually hold a set value of credit. Some cards can be recharged with more credit.

Vera Menchik

Vera Menchik (Moscow, 16 February 1906 – London, 27 June 1944) was a British-Czech chess player. Menchik was the first women's world chess champion. She also competed in chess tournaments with some of the world's leading male chess masters, defeating some of them, including future World Champion Max Euwe.<ref name="H/W">Hooper, David and Whyld, Kenneth 1992. "The Oxford Companion to Chess" 2nd ed, Oxford University Press, </ref>

The daughter of a Czech father and British mother, Vera Menchik was born in Moscow. In the aftermath of World War I and the Russian Revolution, her family moved to England in 1921. Her father taught her chess when she was nine and, in the year of her arrival in England at the age of fifteen, she won the British girls' championship. The following year, she became a pupil of Géza Maróczy, the leading Hungarian grandmaster at the time.

She won the first Women's World Championship in 1927 and successfully defended her title six times in every other championship in her lifetime, and only lost one game, while winning 78 and drawing four games. These were all-play-all tournaments, mostly run alongside Chess Olympiads.
London 1927 (+10 –0 =1). 
Hamburg 1930 (+6 –1 =1). 
Prague 1931 (+8 –0 =0). 
Folkestone 1933 (+14 –0 =0). 
Warsaw 1935 (+9 –0 =0). 
Stockholm 1937 (+14 –0 =0).
Buenos Aires 1939 (+17 –0 =2).

In addition, Menchik won two matches against her rival Sonja Graf for the Women’s World Champion title; (+3 –1 =0) at Rotterdam 1934, and (+9 –2 =5) at Semmering 1937.
Starting in 1929, she participated in a number of Hastings international tournaments. When, the same year, she entered the tournament in Carlsbad, Viennese master Albert Becker ridiculed her entry by suggesting that any player whom Menchik defeated in tournament play should be granted membership into the "Vera Menchik Club". In the tournament, Becker himself became the first member of the "club". In addition to Becker, the "Vera Menchik Club" eventually included grandmasters such as Max Euwe, Mir Sultan Khan, Samuel Reshevsky, Friedrich Sämisch, Lajos Steiner, and virtually every leading British player of the day.

Menchik's greatest success at international tournaments was at Ramsgate 1929, when she finished tied for second with Akiba Rubinstein, just half a point behind former World Champion José Raúl Capablanca, and ahead of her teacher Géza Maróczy. In 1934 she finished third at Maribor, ahead of Rudolph Spielmann and Milan Vidmar. In 1942 she won a match against international master Jacques Mieses (four wins, five draws, one loss).

Vera was a professional player. From the late 1920s, she was the manager and house professional of the Empire Chess Club, which was situated on the top floor of Whiteleys store in Queensway, West London. In 1939 she was appointed to the new National Chess Centre.

In 1937, at the age of 31, Vera Menchik married R.H.S Stevenson (1878–1943), 28 years her senior, who was a leading chess organiser and patron. Vera Menchik's younger sister Olga was also a tournament chess player. In 1944, in World War II, with 38-year-old Vera still women's world champion, the two sisters and their mother were killed by a V-1 flying bomb, which destroyed their home.

The trophy for the winning team in the Women's Chess Olympiad is known as the "Vera Menchik Cup".


Alexandra Kosteniuk

Alexandra Kosteniuk (born Perm, Volga, 23 April 1984) is a Russian chess Grandmaster and former Women's World Chess Champion. She lost her title in 2010.

Alexandra is married, and lives with her husband and daughter in Key Biscayne, Miami, Florida.

Kosteniuk is now ranked 31st in the current FIDE rating list for women. She is no longer playing regularly. The highest rated woman, Judit Polgar (Hungary), never plays in female events. The second highest rated woman is Humpy Koneru (India); she has never won the women's world championship.



King's Sutton railway station

King's Sutton railway station serves the village of King's Sutton in Northamptonshire, England. It is also the nearest railway station to the town of Brackley. It was opened on 1 December 1873 by the Great Western Railway. The station is managed by Chiltern Railways, who provide services along with First Great Western. It was heavily renovated in 2009, with new fencing, a new shelter and a bridge being added to it.

Akbash

The Akbash Dog is a large breed (type) of dog which comes from Turkey. It has a white coat of fur. It was bred to protect sheep in the field from thieves and predators. While this dog has been used for this job in Turkey for many hundreds of years, it is not often found outside of Turkey. The Akbash Dog is closely related to other large, white dogs used to protect sheep, such as the Komondor and the Aidi.

Clapping

Clapping is when you hit your hands together which makes a sound. The harder you hit, the louder the sound, the softer you hit, less the sound.
If hitting by means of hand to hand contact it will make a different sound than if you were to clap against another object, say, your leg. 

Strung Out

Strung Out is a punk rock band from Simi Valley, California, United States. They formed in 1992. They are known mostly for their musical style, which has both aspects of punk rock and heavy metal to make their main sound. They have made seven albums on Fat Wreck Chords and appeared on many compilations and skate/surf videos. They have played on the Warped Tour and continue to tour around the world.

Reading and Leeds Festivals

The Reading and Leeds Festivals are two yearly music festivals. They take place in Reading and Leeds in the United Kingdom. They are run by Festival Republic (itself owned by Live Nation and MCD). The festivals take place one at a time on the Friday, Saturday and Sunday. They take place on the August of bank holiday weekend. They share the same bill. Between 1998 and 2007, the two festivals were known as the "Carling Weekend", until parting ways with their sponsor Carling in November 2007.

Circa Survive

Circa Survive is a rock band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They formed in 2004. The band has vocalist Anthony Green. He was a singer of Saosin and members of the now-defunct "This Day Forward".

Their first album, "Juturna", was released on April 19, 2005 by Equal Vision Records, which got mixed reviews. However their second album, "On Letting Go", released on May 29, 2007, garnered big reviewer acclaim. Their upcoming album, "Blue Sky Noise", will be released on April 20, 2010 on Atlantic Records as the band has finished their term with Equal Vision Records. 


The Blind Side (movie)

The Blind Side is a 2009 American drama sports movie directed by John Lee Hancock. It is based on the novel "", which was written by Michael Lewis. It stars Sandra Bullock, Tim McGraw, Quinton Aaron, and Kathy Bates.

The movie is based on a true story. The story follows football player Michael Oher's life, from growing up in a very poor neighborhood, to being adopted by a rich family, and then going to play for Ole Miss and eventually the Baltimore Ravens.

Bullock won an Academy Award for Best Actress, Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture Drama and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role.

Lahaul and Spiti district

The district of Lahaul-Spiti in the Indian State of Himachal Pradesh consists of the two formerly separate districts of Lahaul and Spiti.

Presidency division

Presidency Division is a division in the Indian state of West Bengal. It has 5 districts:


Burdwan division

Burdwan Division is a division in the Indian state of West Bengal. It consists of 4 districts:


List of presidents of the United States

This is a list of men who served as the president of the United States.

• List of vice presidents of the United States

• List of first ladies of the United States

• List of second ladies and gentlemen of the United States

Jalpaiguri division

Jalpaiguri Division is a division in the Indian state of West Bengal. It consists of 5 districts:


History of chess

The history of chess goes back almost 1500 years. 

The game originated in northern India in the 6th century and spread to Persia. When the Arabs conquered Persia, chess was taken up by the Muslim world. Later, through the Moorish conquest of Spain, chess spread to Southern Europe. 

In early Russia, the game came directly from the Khanates (muslim territories) to the south.

In Europe, "the moves of the pieces changed in the 15th century". The modern game starts with these changes. In the second half of the 19th century, modern tournament play began. Chess clocks were first used in 1883, and the first world chess championship was held in 1886. The 20th century saw advances in chess theory, and the establishment of the World Chess Federation (FIDE). Chess engines (programs that play chess), and chess data bases became important.


Earlier forms of chess cane from northern India during the Gupta empire, where its early form in the 6th century was known as Chaturanga. This translates as 'the four divisions', meaning infantry, cavalry, elephantry, and chariotry, represented by the pieces that would evolve into the modern pawn, knight, bishop, and rook, respectively.<ref name="H/W">Hooper, David and Whyld, Kenneth 1992. "The Oxford Companion to Chess" 2nd ed, Oxford University Press. </ref>

In Sassanid Persia around 600 the name became "Chatrang" and the rules were developed further, and players started calling "Shāh!" (Persian for 'King') when threatening the opponent's king, and "Shāh māt!" (Persian for 'the king is finished') when the king could not escape from attack. These exclamations persisted in chess as it travelled to other lands.

The game was taken up by the Muslim world after the Islamic conquest of Persia, with the pieces largely retaining their Persian names; in Arabic "māt" or "māta" مَاتَ means "died", "is dead". In Arabic, the game became Shatranj. In all other languages, the name of the game is derived either from "shatranj" or from "shah".

The following table provides a glimpse of the changes in the names and character of chess pieces, as they passed from one culture to another, from India through Persia to Europe:

Changes in the Arabic names of pieces happened over several centuries after the game arrived in Europe. Most changed were the pieces which had no equivalent in Europe, such as the elephant, the visier (an advisor: the firzan or wazir), and the chariot (rukhkh). The greatest variety of names was for the elephant, which was not seen in Europe, and so not used in war. In Spain names derived from Arabic lasted for centuries (alfil, aufin, orfil...). Eventually, all but France used a word for "bishop". In a similar manner, vizir eventually became "queen", and the chariot became a word for "castle". Except, that is, in English, where "rook" is obviously a version of "rukh". Please note: the following table does not capture all these complicated changes.

The game reached Western Europe and Russia by at least three routes, the earliest being in the 9th century. By the year 1000 it had spread throughout Europe. Introduced into the Iberian Peninsula by the Moors in the 10th century, it was described in a famous 13th century manuscript covering shatranj, backgammon and dice named the "Libro de los juegos".

Buddhist pilgrims, Silk Road traders and others carried it to the Far East, where it was transformed into a game often played on the intersection of the lines of the board rather than within the squares. Chinese chess and Shogi are the most important of the oriental chess variants. However, it was the changes made in medieval Europe which led to our modern game.

The game of chess is really two games. There is the original Indo-Arabic game, and there is the modern game, usually called 'international chess'. The transition between the two happened during the change from the medieval world to the modern world, in the Europe of the later 15th century. In fact, the new game of chess was one of the early topics chosen for the new technology of printing.

In early chess the moves of the pieces were:

The game could be won by 1. Mating the king; 2. By giving stalemate; 3. By capturing all the opponent's pieces. This kept down the number of draws.

In Europe some of the pieces got new names:

About 500 years after chess first reached Europe, after some smaller experiments, there were big changes in the way the pieces moved. The effect was to make the start of the game run faster, and get the opposing pieces in contact sooner. The changes were:

These changes made most of the older chess culture obsolete. The slow development in the openings was replaced by gambits and rapid attacks. The relative values of the pieces are changed. The game can now only be won by mate or resignation by one of the players. Originally, this was not seen as a problem, but as technique improved, so did the number of draws. This became a matter for discussion in the early 20th century. The limited number of ways to win changed what players needed to win in the endgame; many endgames which could be won with the old rules now were drawn.

The first printed work on chess to survive to the present day is Luis de Lucena's "Arte de axedres", printed in Salamanca, Spain. It can be dated to 1496 or 1497. It presents a number of chess problems, some of which are in the old rules ("del viejo"), some in the new rules ("dela dama"). This suggests that the transition is not quite complete, and some readers might not know about the new rules. By 1512, when Damiano published his "Questo libro e da imparare giocare a scachi" in Rome, it only included problems with the new rules, and does not mention the medieval game. The same applies to the Gottingen manuscript, probably written in Spain or Portugal. Though it has been claimed to be earlier, its content suggests it was not written before 1500. England and Germany received the reformed game by 1530. After that, the old game was effectively dead—in Europe, at any rate. A version of the old game survived in India until recently.

Modern chess theory was slow in developing. After the new moves of the pieces, players spent their time playing gambits, and trying to mate each other. The games of Gioacchino Greco (1600– ~1634) clearly show this. The first ideas as to how to win indirectly, 'positionally', started with Philidor. Modern chess has a lot of indirect manoeuvering of a kind the old Arabic players would have understood. They could not attack directly, because their Alfil and Firzān (our bishop and queen) had such limited moves.

One interesting fact is that the Arabs divided their game into the same three stages which we do today: opening, middlegame and endgame.

At the start of a game, the Arabic masters took a number of moves before the pieces were in contact with the other side.

The table, based roughly on square control, suggests the modern game deploys about 20% more force on the board than the older game. However, this understates the case, since the table does not allow for castling, nor the initial optional double move of the pawn. Also, the pawn promotion to the new queen is hugely significant when it takes place. No exact value can be placed on these elements, but perhaps the modern game makes use of up to a third more force than in the original game. Also, the fast development of the pieces makes the opening far more important in the modern game.

Single pieces found in archaeology are seldom taken as chessmen; they are more likely to be art objects, or hnefatafl pieces. "Groups" of small objects are more likely chessmen if there are of more than two types. Many board games have used two kinds of pieces, but only chess uses six different kinds. A dig might not turn up all six forms, but more than two is indicative of chess. If the forms have characteristic chess figures (foot soldiers, kings, man on horse) this is even more convincing.

The evidence from archaeology comes mostly from the discovery of early chess sets, and also from rock art: carvings (petroglyphs) and paintings on rock.

The earliest chessmen found are the Afrasiab collection. In 1977 the Uzbekistan Academy of Archaeology conducted a dig at Afrasiab, near Samarkand. Samarkand is one of the oldest inhabited cities in the world, and at times it has been one of the greatest cities of Central Asia. Samarkand is on the trade route between China and the Mediterranean (the Silk Road), and so it is a logical place for a trader to store some of his precious goods.

The Afrasiab finds include seven chess pieces. They are heavily worn, but they include: two foot soldiers with shields and short swords (= our pawns); a war elephant with chain armour and a rider in full battle-dress (= our bishop); a visier (= our queen) with two horses with armed rider; two mounted riders with sword and shield (= knights); and the Shah, on a three-horse chariot, holding a mace-like symbol of power (= our king). That is five out of the six types of piece, and completely convincing as a chess set. The rukh (rook) is also known: it features a three-horse chariot with two men, one driving, and the other armed with sword and shield.

This group is dated to the 7th–8th centuries, and probably come from the end of the Sassanid Empire just before the Arabic conquest. They are "representational", meaning they are small carvings (though somewhat crude) of war men and equipment. Later Arabic sets became abstract shapes, in accordance with their religious teaching.

Shani

Shani is one of the Navagraha which are the nine main celestial beings in Hindu astrology, or Jyotiṣa. Shani is embodied in the planet Saturn. Shani is the Lord of Saturday; the word Shani also denotes the seventh day or Saturday in most Indian languages.

Wolfgang Wagner

Wolfgang Wagner (born 30 August 1919 - 21 March 2010) was a German opera director. He was the grandson of the opera composer Richard Wagner and great-grandson of the composer Franz Liszt. For 42 years he was director of the Bayreuth Festival, which was created by Richard Wagner for the performances of his operas. At first he was director together with his brother Wieland. After Wieland died he continued to be director until he retired in 2008. He tried to get rid of the festival’s Nazi past, and put on productions which were very symbolic: using lighting effects instead of complicated scenery and heavy costumes.

Wagner was born in Bayreuth. His mother, Winifred Wagner (born Williams-Klindworth), was English. She married Richard Wagner’s son Siegfried, who was much older than she was. Although Siegfried was gay they had two sons (Wieland and Wolfgang) and two daughters.

When Siegfried died in 1930 Winifred took over the running of the festival. She was friends with Adolf Hitler who often came to the performances. Hitler became a family friend. The children called him “Uncle Adolf” or “Uncle Wolf” (his nickname). When World War II started, Wieland did not have to fight in the army because Hitler said he was too important for German culture. However, Wolfgang had to fight, and he was wounded in Poland, but got better. He started to produce operas in Berlin. Hitler liked him, but he never joined the Nazi party.

During the war a lot of Bayreuth buildings were damaged, but not the theatre. The Americans used it for religious services. After the war Winifred was not allowed to run the opera house because of her Nazi past, but Wieland became director and Wolfgang looked after the money. The two brothers started the festival again in 1951. They formed the orchestra again, and invited Hans Knappertsbusch and Herbert von Karajan to conduct. They deliberately avoided using lots of scenery and made use of symbolic ideas, especially lighting.

When Wieland died in 1966 Wolfgang was the only director. He continued the modern ideas of his brother, using very simple staging techniques. The production of Wagner’s "Ring Cycle" in 1976 by the opera director Patrice Chéreau was particularly important. Many people loved it, others disagreed with it. The production of the Ring Cycle in 1983 by Peter Hall, conducted by Georg Solti celebrated the 100th birthday of Richard Wagner. People argued about this production, too. Since then, many famous people have visited the festival, including the German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the German President Horst Köhler. In 1982 Grace Bumbry was the first black person to sing at the festival (she sang the part of Venus in "Tannhäuser". Some of the audience thought this was shocking, but she sang so beautifully that everyone applauded for 30 minutes. She had to take 42 curtain calls.

Wolfgang married twice. His first wife was Ellen Drexel. He had two children by this marriage. He argued with them. His son did not like the family’s past Nazi connections, and the daughter Eva argued about the control of the festival. Wolfgang later married Gudrun Mack, with whom he had a daughter Katharina. Eva and Katharina now run the festival.

Wolfgang died aged 90 in Bayreuth in 2010.


American Foxhound

The American Foxhound is a kind of dog breed. The foxhound came from the United States. It is a type of hound.

Mu isamaa, mu õnn ja rõõm

"My Native Land, My Joy and Delight" is the national anthem of Estonia. It became the country's national anthem in 1920. This song has been around since the 19th century. The words of the song were written in 1869 by an Estonian poet named Johann Voldemar Jannsen, and the melody of the song was composed in 1848 by a German-born musician named Friedrich Pacius. This song's tune is the same one used in the national anthem of Finland.

V sign

The V sign is a hand gesture that means victory or peace. It is made by raising the first and second fingers on the hand, and putting down the other fingers. 

Emperor Ankō

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

The "Kojiki" and "Nihon Shoki" record that Ankō was the second son of Emperor Ingyō.

Some accounts report that Ankō murdered his own father.

Very little is known about the events of Ankō's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.

It is believed that Ankō was murdered in the third year of his reign.

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Ankō.

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun"). This emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") which is associated with the burial mound.


Building code

A building code is a set of rules set to govern a a building's design, construction, testing, inspections, and maintenance to protect public health, safety and welfare. Building codes are adopted and enforced by the government, who may inspect buildings to make sure they follow the rules.

A building code may provide rules for many different things and is influenced by materials manufacturers, firefighters, and building officials. The building may need to follow rules about providing parking or affecting traffic. There will be rules about making the building safe during disasters, such as fires, earthquakes, and tornadoes.

The rules used on a specific building may be very different depending on where the building is and what it is used for. For example, a house will have extra rules about making sure people can live there, while a hotel will have extra rules about fire exits. Many public buildings have a "maximum occupancy" for some rooms, which is how many people may be allowed into that room at once.

Building codes can also be accompanied by zoning ordinances that dictate style, building use, etc.

Any building code has either some minimum requirements for seismic loads ("prescriptive code") or some seismic performance rules ("performance-based code").

Seismic design is based on procedures meant to protect structures that may experience earthquake impact. However, a design which blindly follows seismic code rules does not guarantee safety against collapse or serious damage.

Supply-side economics

Supply-side economics or trickle-down economics is a theory that if taxes were cut on the richest people in society, rich people would use their extra money to invest in the economy, but if taxes were increased, the wealthy would leave the country and invest somewhere else where the tax rates are lower. People who support supply-side economics believe that taxes punished productivity and if they were lowered, people would produce more goods and services. Many supporters of supply-side economics also support things such as limited government spending, low inflation, and regulating the economy less.

Economist Arthur Laffer supported supply-side economics with a theory called a . The theory stated that government will get no money if taxes were too high—nobody would pay them—and that the government would not get enough money if taxes were too low. The theory also stated that if taxes were too high, the economy would be less productive and it would give the government less money and that if taxes were low, the economy would be productive and the government would get more money. 

Supply-side economics was used while Ronald Reagan was president during the 1980's. Income taxes on the wealthiest Americans were cut from 70% to 50% to 28% during his two terms. Also, capital gains taxes were cut. Supporters of supply-side economics mention that those tax cuts have resulted in economic recovery during the 1980's and the strong economic boom in the 1990's and first decade of the 21st century.

Critics of supply-side economics say that the wealthy gain a lot of money in the hope that a very small amount of it will trickle down to the poor, and they call it voodoo economics. Many critics say that supply-side economic policies are bad because they result in a bigger gap between the rich and the poor. They also criticize that the reduction in taxes results in the cutting of programs for the poor people who need it. Other critics point out that large supply-cuts tax cuts, in combination with increases in military spending, has resulted in the government being in a large amount of debt.

Vaan

Vaan is a character in the "Final Fantasy" series. He is the main character of "Final Fantasy XII".

In the beginning of the making of "Final Fantasy", Basch was set to be the main character; but it was switched to Vaan. The team who made the game decided that a big, strong man would not be popular to the public.

The person who plays as Vaan in "Final Fantasy XII" is Bobby Edner in the English game and Kouhei Takeda in the Japanese game.

Vaan is the main character in "Final Fantasy XII". He is an orphan. His parents died in from being sick when he was 12. He lost his brother, Reks, two years before the game starts. He makes money by doing things for his friend Migelo. He wants to be a sky pirate when he grows up.

During the game "Final Fantasy Revenant Wings", Vaan owns the ship called "Galbana".

Royal Canadian Mounted Police

The Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP), ( (GRC)), is the national police force of Canada. The force is also called the "Mounties".

RCMP is unique in the world because it is a national, federal, provincial and municipal policing organization:

The RCMP/"GRC" wording is protected under the Canadian Trade-marks Act.

The Northwest Mounted Police (NWMP), was founded 1873. The Mounties were created to establish authority and to make accommodations with the native population in the west before settlers began to arrive. The smaller Dominion Police was founded in 1868 to protect federal government buildings.

The Mounties were given the right to use the term "Royal" by King Edward VII in 1904. Their name was changed to the Royal Northwest Mounted Police (RNWMP).
The modern RCMP was created when the RNWMP merged with the smaller Dominion Police in 1920.

The word "mounted" suggests that the police ride horses. Before 1920, horses were their main method of travel. However, today the RCMP do not ride horses except at special events.

The RCMP are famous for their uniform. The "Review Order" (also "Red Serge") uniform is worn mostly at special events, such as parades. The uniform consists of a red tunic with a large brown belt,(formally known as a “Sam Browne”), a light brown hat, dark blue breeches (trousers) with a yellow stripe and riding boots.

On an ordinary day at work, RCMP officers instead wear a grey shirt, dark blue trousers, ankle boots and a peaked cap (the type worn by most police officers elsewhere). In the winter they may wear a thicker coat, heavier boots and a fur cap.

The ranks of the RCMP are, from highest to lowest:

Ranks marked with an asterisk (*) are only found in a few parts of the RCMP and are usually not part of the chain of command. For most staff sergeants, their superior is an inspector and not a staff sergeant major. While "Cadet" is a term used for RCMP trainees at depot it is not an official rank.



Vielle

The vielle is a bowed stringed instrument. It is a European instrument. It was used in the Medieval period. It is similar to a violin. It has a longer and deeper body than the violin. The vielle was also called a "fidel" or a "viuola". "Vielle" is the French name for the instrument. It was one of the most popular instruments of the Medieval period. The vielle possibly came from the lira. The lira is a Byzantine bowed instrument. It is closely related to the Rebab. The Rebab is an Arab bowed instrument.

Metropolitan Museum of Art

The Metropolitan Museum of Art is an art museum. It is sometimes called The Met. It is found on the eastern edge of Central Park in New York City. It has a collection of more than two million works of art.

The main building is one of the world's largest art galleries, at about in area. The Met is the most popular art museum in the United States with more than 5 million visitors each year. There is also a much smaller second location, the Cloisters. The Cloisters museum and gardens, which opened to the public in 1938, is a branch of the Museum. It is located in Inwood, in northern Manhattan. It has medieval art. The Metropolitan Museum of Art, which includes its Main Building on Fifth Avenue and the Cloisters in northern Manhattan, dates back to 1866.

People are asked to donate to the museum upon admission. However, one can choose not to donate. The museum suggests a $25 donation per person.

In 1866, a group of Americans in Paris, France, agreed to create a "national institution and gallery of art". Their goal was to bring art and art education to the American people.

The Metropolitan Museum of Art was founded in 1870. The founders included businessmen and financiers, as well as leading artists and thinkers of the day, who wanted to open a museum to bring art and art education to the American people. It opened on February 20, 1872, and was originally located at 681 Fifth Avenue.

The museum has art from classical antiquity and Ancient Egypt, paintings and sculptures from European artists, and a large collection of American and modern art. There is also a large number of African, Asian, Oceanic, Byzantine, and Islamic artwork. The museum has collections of musical instruments, costumes and accessories, and antique weapons and armor from around the world.

Stéphane Grappelli

Stéphane Grappelli (26 January 1908 – 1 December 1997) was a French jazz violinist. He was born in Paris, France to a French mother and Italian father. He got into music at a young age. When he was 12 years old, he got his own violin. Later, he met Django Reinhardt. Reinhardt was a guitarist. Together, they founded the Quintette du Hot Club de France.


Be (disambiguation)

Be could mean:



30 Minut

"30 Minut" () is a song by t.A.T.u. It was first released on "200 По Встречной", and released as single in September 2001. It has an English counterpart named "30 Minutes".

The music video starts out with Yulia Volkova in a stall at the fair, while many other girls start talking. They leave, and Yulia comes out, washes her hands, and sighs. She then goes back into the stall. We then see Lena Katina laughing and then a kid walking by with his parents. We then see why Lena is laughing: she is with a man. Yulia is building a time bomb in the stall, while the man puts his hands down her pants, squeezing her butt and her pulling down her pants. Yulia comes out to see Lena putting her unexposed breasts on the man's chest, and then putting her shirt down. Yulia then waits for the bomb to go off, and then we see the bomb explode, and we see bits of the carousel flying into the camera. At the end, bits of the carousel fall to the ground burnt. A censored version of the video was made without the part with Lena's exposed breast. Also, there's less time at the end of the explosion.

MG

MG, Mg, or mg and variants may mean:









He (disambiguation)

He could mean:

Sc

Sc or SC can mean the things below:


ICarly

iCarly is an American comedy series with Miranda Cosgrove, Jennette McCurdy, Nathan Kress , Jerry Trainor and Noah Munck. A revivial was created on June 17, 2021. Jennette McCurdy is not in the revival.

The show is about a teenager, Carly Shay (M. Cosgrove), who lives with her brother Spencer (J. Trainor). Her friends Samantha 'Sam' Puckett (J. McCurdy) and her neighbor Fredward 'Freddie' Benson (N. Kress) play a large part in her life too. Being teenagers, Carly, Sam, and Freddie find they've also become online celebrities with their show, that shows contests, recipes, problem-solving, and random dancing.




A crossover of iCarly was announced that a new show called called Gibby was being worked on. The Pilot was worked on but never aired officially. Gibby does not make an appearance in the revival as well.

On August 29th, 2010 had Dan Schneider, the author of the TV-series iCarly and Victorious about Facebook and Twitter to confirmed, that the script was completed for the crossover. It was to aired on June 11th, 2011 in the USA. On October 1st, 2011 it was to seen in Germany.

Scouting for Girls

Scouting for Girls are a British pop rock band formed in London in 2005 by Roy Stride, Greg Churchouse and Peter Ellard. Stride met Ellard at Cub Scouts and he then met Churchouse at school. In September 2007 Scouting for Girls released their first album "Scouting for Girls". It was number one in the UK Albums Chart for two weeks.

Current members

Current touring members

Session

Personnel


 

Božidar Bandović

Božidar Bandović (; born 30 August 1969) is a Montenegrin professional football manager and former player who played as a defender.











Enthronement

An enthronement is a ceremony of inauguration, involving a person —usually a monarch or religious leader — who is formally seated for the first time upon a throne. 

The throne is seen as a symbol of authority.

This ritual is different from a coronation because there is no crown. However, the term "coronation" and the term "enthronement" are often used to mean the same thing.

Détente

Détente (pronounced day-tont) is a word that means less tension and a better relationship between two countries.

The main example of a détente was during the Cold War. In the 1970s, the United States and the Soviet Union improved relations. Both signed several treaties which reduced the amount of nuclear weapons each country had. During this time period, as China began to dislike the Soviet Union, the United States tried to make friends with China, giving the Soviet Union a disadvantage during the Cold War. This was often called “playing the China card.”

Détente primarily was concerned with relations between the US and USSR but other countries like China, West Germany, and most of the European states also played their role in developing it. Their motives were mixed. The US proposed this because they did not want to have to go to war with USSR which would lead to all out nuclear warfare.

The literal and original use of the word meant to undo a crossbow, the detention of the cord that launched the arrow. 


Castoreum

Castoreum is the liquid released from the castor sacs of the beaver. It is a yellowish liquid. It is mixed together with the beaver's urine. It is used to mark territory. Both male and female beavers have two castor sacs. They have two glands in two empty spaces under the skin. They are between the pelvis and the base of the tail. The castor sacs are not glands.

Today, castoreum is used to trap animals. It is used also to make perfumes. It is also used as a drug.

Castoreum is used in perfume-making. It is used to describe the solution from the alcohol-tinted and dried beaver castor. Dried beaver castor sacs are aged for two or more years. They are aged to soften. They are also aged for their harshness to vanish. In the science of perfume, castoreum is mainly used as a smell for leather. It is often used with other ingredients. There are some classic perfumes that use castor. They are Emeraude, Coty Chanel Cuir de Russie, Magie Noire, Lancôme Caractère, Hechter Madame, Carven, Givenchy III, Shalimar, and many "leather" perfumes.

Modern use of castoreum is rare in medicine. However, the dried pair of castors may still be worth more than the beaver's fur. Castoreum appeared in medicine until the 1700s. It was used to treat many different sicknesses. Some of the sicknesses it helped treat are headache, fever, and hysteria. The Romans believed the smells made by burning castoreum could bring about an abortion. Paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of seizures. Medieval beekeepers used it to make more honey.

Castoreum is also used to add to the flavor and smell of cigarettes.


Fitzwilliam Virginal Book

The Fitzwilliam Virginal Book is an important source of early keyboard music from England. Its name comes from Viscount Fitzwilliam who gave the book to Cambridge University in 1816.

Blue Ridge Mountains

The Blue Ridge Mountains are mountains that go across the eastern United States. They go through Georgia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and West Virginia. Its highest point is Mount Mitchell in North Carolina. The first mountain or best known mountain, is Blue Mountain in Pennsylvania. The Blue Ridge Mountains are a part of the Appalachian Mountains.

The blue haze which covers the mountains is caused by isoprene. It is produced by the trees and other plants.

Mount Mitchell

Mount Mitchell is a mountain in North Carolina. It is tall, the tallest in the Blue Ridge Mountains. The top of the mountain is the highest point in the United States east of the Black Hills in South Dakota. The mountain was named after Elisha Mitchell, a professor at the University of North Carolina, who determined its height in 1835. Mitchell later fell to his death at nearby Mitchell Falls in 1857, having returned to verify his earlier measurements. The ascent of Mount Mitchell is now rather easy, since a 4.6 mile (7.4 km) road (NC 128) off the historic and scenic Blue Ridge Parkway runs nearby, and a 980-foot (300 m) trail leads through a conifer forest to the summit. The 40-foot (12 m) stone observation tower on the summit was torn down in late 2006. A new observation deck was constructed and opened to visitors in January 2009.[3] Also on the summit is the tomb of Dr. Mitchell.

Sweet Home Alabama

Sweet Home Alabama is a song by Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd from the album "Second Helping". It was released in 1974 and reached the #8 spot on the American music charts.

The song was made in response to two songs that Neil Young had made about racism in the Southern United States, called "Southern Man" and "Alabama". The band felt that Young was being unfair to Alabama and the South, so Sweet Home Alabama includes the positive things about the state including the beautiful whether ("where the sky's always blue") and the music heritage (Now Muscle Shoals has got the Swampers / And they've been known to pick a song or two"). The song also protests then-Alabama Governor George Wallace, who was known for his racist views.

Face to Face (band)

Face to Face (first known as "Zero Tolerance") is an American punk rock band from Victorville, California formed in 1991 by frontman Trever Keith.

Geffen Records

Geffen Records is an American record label, owned by Universal Music Group. It was made in 1980 by David Geffen. It is worked as one third of UMG's Interscope-Geffen-A&M label group.

Fast Forward Weekly

Fast Forward Weekly (FFWD) is a news and entertainment weekly which has news, alternative viewpoints, entertainment information, review articles and specialized advertising. It is distributed throughout Calgary, Banff and Canmore. It is owned by Great West Newspapers, LP. With an assessed readership of 70,000 upon a distributed circulation of 30,000, the paper is one of the most widely read and well-liked newspapers in Canada.

Seismic performance

Seismic performance is an execution of a building structure's ability to sustain its due functions, such as safety and serviceability, "at" and "after" a particular earthquake. A structure is, normally, considered "safe" if it does not endanger the lives and wellbeing of those in or around it by partially or completely collapsing. A structure may be considered "serviceable" if it is able to fulfill its operational functions for which it was designed.

Ancient builders believed that earthquakes were a result of wrath of gods (in Greek mythology, e.g., the main "Earth-Shaker" was Poseidon) and, therefore, could not be resisted by humans.

Nowadays, the people's attitude has changed dramatically though seismic loads, sometimes, exceed ability of a structure to resist them without being broken, partially or completely. 


François-André Danican Philidor

François-André Danican Philidor (7 September 1726 – 31 August 1795), often referred to as André Danican Philidor during his lifetime, or to personal friends as "André", was probably the best chessplayer of his time, and a notable composer of light operatic music. He was born into a family of musicians who served at the French court. He became the author of a book on chess which influenced players for many years.<ref name="H/W">Hooper, David and Whyld, Kenneth 1992. "The Oxford Companion to Chess". 2nd ed, Oxford University Press, </ref>

His family name had once been Duncan, until they came from Scotland to Brittany. Danican was then their family name. Then, after their appointment to the court of King Louis XIII in the 17th century, they adopted the name Philidor as a tribute to an Italian court musician called Filidori. Young Philidor was trained in music from an early age, and learnt chess from musicians in intervals between musical numbers. He turned out to be equally good at both activities, though initially the music came first.

Philidor took chess lessons from the leading French master of the time, du Kermeur, Sire de Légall (known as Légall). After three years, he was on equal terms. In 1746 he found himself in Rotterdam without money, after a tour had ended in the death of a young girl harpsichord player. He started to play chess for money, and came to London in 1747 to play a match against the strongest English player, whom he beat. Thus started his new life. He played chess in London, and wrote light operatic scores for the "Comédie-Française" in Paris.

Philidor started playing regularly about 1740 at the Parisian Café de la Régence. It was there that he played with a friend from 'New England', Mr. Benjamin Franklin.

At 21 Philidor met the Syrian Philip Stamma of Aleppo, who was a translator and chess player of note. Philidor won by 8½–1⅓. At 29 he defeated his tutor Légall in a match. Unfortunately, none of these games survive, though we do have a number of games from his later career. In 1744, as a teenager, he could play two games of chess simultaneously blindfold, and in Berlin he played three games without sight of the board. He gave these exhibitions many times. This was thought to be a marvel, though it had been done before, by an Italian priest, Saccheri.

In 1749 he published a book on chess which was to make his name. The first edition, in French, included a subscription list of prosperous sponsors, such as the Earl of Sandwich and the Duke of Cumberland. An edition in English, "Chess analysed", came out in 1750. He revised and extended the book twice, in 1777 and 1790.

Over the years, the book was a steady success. By 1871, it had gone through about 70 editions, and had been translated into English, German, Russian and Italian. Eventually it went through over a hundred editions in ten languages.

As one commentator said:
Philidor's motto "Les pions sont de l'âme du jeu" (Pawns are the soul of chess) is a saying which is still taught to young players today. It sums up the idea that the pawn 'skeleton' gives the game its long-term structure, and influences how a game proceeds.

Philidor’s book was the first that gave (1) detailed annotations on how to play the middlegame, (2) that presented chess strategy as a whole, and (3) that presented the concepts of the Blockade, Prophylaxis, positional sacrifice, and mobility of the pawn formation (though without fully identifying those ideas).

Philidor also studied chess endgames, and the book gives generally accurate information about them. An important chess endgame position that he wrote about is called the "Philidor position".

He gave his name to one of the basic chess openings, Philidor's defence.

Philidor was now received into fashionable society in France and England. He took his mistress with him to Prussia, then back to England. Later, in 1760, he married a singer, and had seven children. Philidor played chess at the Café de la Régence in Paris, and at the Salopian Coffee-house and at Parsloe's chess club in London.

Philidor's contemporaries had some difficulty believing he could be so good at two such different arts, but he was. His work on comic opera ("opéra bouffe") excelled. He wrote 25 such works, four with collaborators (including Rousseau). "His "Tom Jones" (1765) was regarded as the finest work in the theatre... His "Ernelinda, Princess of Norway" (1766) so pleased Louis XV that he gave Philidor a pension of 25 "louis d'or" (French gold coin) from his own purse". The English, however, ignored his music, and after 1792 he never returned home. The French Revolution made his connection with royalty a danger.

Philidor died in 1795, and the "Comédie-Française" held a benefit concert for his widow.

Silent majority

A silent majority is a large group of people who support something, but choose not to express their opinions publicly.

This term was made popular by US President Richard Nixon in a speech he gave on November 3 1969, about the Vietnam War. Nixon said "And so tonight, to you, the great silent majority of my fellow Americans; I ask for your support." The opposite of the silent majority were a noisy minority, a small group of people, who Nixon said tried to get their way by holding demonstrations in the streets.
The speech on this link does not contain these words. Read it for yourself. It only references the term “Silent Majority” which had been described during his campaign in other speeches.
-Sam Molloy

During WWII many German citizens claimed they had no idea of what was happening with the concentration camps. However many citizens felt opposed but did not stand up and fight them.

1960 United States presidential election

The 1960 United States presidential election happened on November 8, 1960. This election was between Senator John F. Kennedy and Vice President Richard Nixon. Kennedy won the election like many people expected, but it was a much closer election than most people thought it would be.

Incumbent President Dwight D. Eisenhower was not allowed to run again due to serving two terms.

This was the first presidential election in American history in which both candidates debated against each other on television. On television, Kennedy appeared calm while Nixon appeared nervous. More television viewers thought that Kennedy won the debate, while more radio listeners thought that Nixon won the debate.

This election was the last to not count District of Columbia as an electoral vote until the 1964 election.

Senator John F. Kennedy announced his candidacy for president on January 2, 1960. Vice President Richard Nixon announced his candidacy on January 9, 1960.

This was the last election where Ohio voted for the losing candidate until 2020.

Democratic candidates
Republican candidates

Emperor Ingyō

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

The "Kojiki" and "Nihon Shoki" record that Ingyō was the fourth son of Emperor Nintoku. He was the younger brother of Emperor Hanzei.

Ingyō made one of his brothers his heir, but this plan did not unfold as planned. Instead, his brother's sons would attain the throne. Ingyō would be followed by his nephews, Emperor Ankō and Emperor Yūryaku.

Very little is known about the events of Ingyō's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.

The earliest recorded earthquake in Japan was in 416. The Imperial Palace in Kyoto was destroyed.

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Ingyō.

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun"). Ingyō is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") in Fujiidera, which is a city near Osaka.


Alien and Sedition Acts

The Alien and Sedition Acts were acts of Congress signed by United States president John Adams in 1798, during a naval (sea) conflict against France. 

There were four acts. 

The first 3 acts were about immigration. They set required time for an immigrant to become a citizen, and allowed the president to send illegal immigrants back to their home country if their home country is at war with the United States or they are considered to be dangerous to the US. The fourth act made it a crime to publish bad things about the government.

The acts were very controversial. Many people did not like them because they felt that they violated the First Amendment. 

The acts made many people dislike John Adams. For that reason, Thomas Jefferson and the Democratic-Republican Party were able to defeat John Adams and the Federalist Party in the elections of 1800. Three of the acts were repealed. The Alien Enemies Act, however, is still United States law. 

Pak Hon-yong

Pak Hon-yong or Park Heon-young (Hangul: 박헌영, Hanja:朴憲永, 28 May 1900 – 18 December 1955) was a Korean independence activist, politician, thinker, Communist, and leader of the Korean Chosen Communist Party. His other names are 'Kim Seongsam' (김성삼) and "Ijeong", () which is his pen name. He served in North Korea as the Foreign Minister and Vice Prime Minister, August 1948 to 1953.

He was executed by the North Korean regime on the accusation of being an American spy.


Shogi

The earliest predecessors of the game, chaturanga, originated in India in the 6th century AD, and spread from China to Japan, where it spawned a number of variants. Shogi in its present form was played as early as the 16th century, while a direct ancestor without the "drop rule" was recorded from 1210 in a historical document "Nichūreki," which is an edited copy of "Shōchūreki" and "Kaichūreki" from the late Heian period (~1120).

According to ChessVariants.com, "Perhaps the enduring popularity of Shogi can be attributed to its 'drop rule'; it was the first chess variant wherein captured pieces could be returned to the board to be used as one's own. This has the consequence that few games are drawn, which is a weakness of international chess. David Pritchard credits the drop rule to the practice of 16th century mercenaries ("ronin") who switched loyalties when captured—no doubt as an alternative to execution".



1964 United States presidential election

The 1964 United States presidential election happened on November 3, 1964. It was between Democrat Lyndon Johnson, President of the United States, and his running mate Hubert Humphrey of Minnesota, against Republican Barry Goldwater, a Senator from Arizona, and his running mate, Congressman William Miller of New York.

In 1963, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated and Johnson (his vice president) became president of the United States.

Lyndon Johnson campaigned to continue many of Kennedy's policies and ideas such as civil rights. He supported a series of programs called the "Great Society" to improve the quality of living for poor people which included programs like Medicare, Medicaid, and environmental programs.

Barry Goldwater had the opposite belief that the government should be smaller and he was against government programs. During his campaign, actor Ronald Reagan made a famous speech called "A Time For Choosing" in support of Goldwater. Goldwater, during the campaign, was portrayed as an extremist who condoned the actions of the KKK and would cause nuclear war. His beliefs were radical at the time, but they would later influence many libertarian and conservative politicians.

Lyndon Johnson won the election by a landslide, and this was the last presidential election where Democrats carried any of 8 particular states.


1980 United States presidential election

The 1980 United States presidential election happened on November 4, 1980. Ronald Reagan, the Republican candidate and former Governor of California, won the election. He defeated the incumbent president, Jimmy Carter, who was a Democrat, and John B. Anderson, a notable third party candidate who was an Independent.

The country had a lot of problems during the election. The economy was bad (it was in a recession). Inflation was very high. There was an energy crisis. Iran, after the Iranian Revolution was holding 52 Americans hostage.

Reagan campaigned for to cut income taxes and to reduce government spending overall while increasing defense spending to challenge the Soviet Union in the Cold War. Carter campaigned for more government programs and mentioned the importance of human rights and preventing nuclear war.

Ronald Reagan won the election by a landslide, meaning that he had a lot more votes than his opponent. 

Ronald Reagan's victory resulted in the Republicans gaining more power for the next few decades.

Democratic candidates:

Republican candidates:

1984 United States presidential election

The 1984 United States presidential election happened on November 6, 1984. Ronald Reagan, the incumbent president and Republican candidate, won the election. He defeated Walter Mondale, the Democratic candidate, who was the vice president of Jimmy Carter.

During the debates, Mondale criticized Ronald Reagan's idea (called Strategic Defense Initiative) to build a missile defense system and also criticized him for making the government borrow too much money.

The bad economy of 1982 ended, and the economy recovered very quickly. During the election, the economy was the greatest it had been in many years. Ronald Reagan called it "Morning In America".

Ronald Reagan won the election by a huge landslide (winning 49 out of 50 states).

This election received the highest electoral votes towards any presidential nominee in American history. It is the lowest electoral vote for a Democratic nominee and the highest for a Republican to date.


Kofun period

The is a time in the history of Japan from around 250 to about 538. This grouping of years is named after the type of Imperial burial mounds called "kofun" which were raised in central Japan.

The Kofun period and the Asuka period are sometimes considered together as the Yamato period.

The word "kofun" is Japanese for the type of burial mounds dating from this era.


Alexis Jordan

Alexis Jordan (born April 7, 1992) is an American singer and actress. Jordan was born in Columbia, South Carolina, as the last child of a mixed race mother and a Puerto Rican father. Her musical career started when she performed the opening act for American singer Smokey Robinson at a Stevie Wonder tribute concert. In 2006, she auditioned for the first season of "America's Got Talent" and sang Whitney Houston's "I Have Nothing". She was later eliminated from the show and moved to Atlanta, Georgia, with her family. Jordan uploaded videos of her cover versions on her official YouTube account. She was discovered by Stargate, which flew Jordan to New York to record a few songs. She met American rapper Jay-Z and signed a recording contract with his new record company, StarRoc/Roc Nation.

In September 2010, Jordan released "Happiness", which peaked at number one on the US Hot Dance Club Songs. It was her first number-one single. "Happiness" was certified triple platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for shipments of 210,000 copies. Jordan released her debut album "Alexis Jordan" a few months later. Around this time, Jordan was appearing in two television series. She was nominated for "Best International Act" and "Best Push Act" and won "International Hit of the Year" for her single "Happiness".

Alexis Jordan was born in Columbia, South Carolina, on April 7, 1992. Jordan was born as the last child, she also has three older siblings. Her mother is of African American, Native American, and European descent, while her father is Puerto Rican. Jordan began writing songs when she was in third grade. When she was eleven years old, her family moved to Santa Clarita, California, so she could have a career in the arts. The following year, Jordan was the opening act for Smokey Robinson at a Stevie Wonder tribute concert.

In 2006, Jordan auditioned for the first season of "America's Got Talent". At the auditions, she sang Whitney Houston's "I Have Nothing" as a cover version. Jordan made it to the next round, but was eliminated from the show during the semi-finals. Jordan and her family then moved to Atlanta, Georgia, to be closer to the music industry. Jordan began uploading cover versions on her official YouTube account, and submitted demos to record companies across the nation. By 2008, Jordan's YouTube page had reached a million views. After seeing her uploaded videos, Stargate asked Jordan to record a few songs with them. They flew Jordan to New York. While Jordan was in the recording studio, rapper Jay-Z entered. After they talked, Jordan became the first artist to be signed with Sony Music label StarRoc/Roc Nation, which is owned by Jay-Z.

After Jordan signed a record deal with Jay-Z's record studio, she released her debut single "Happiness" in September 2010. "Happiness" peaked at number one on the US Hot Dance Club Songs chart, becoming Jordan's first number-one single. The song also peaked at number one in Norway and the Netherlands. It peaked at number three in Australia and the United Kingdom. The single was certified triple platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), for shipments of 210,000 copies. "Good Girl" was Jordan's second single, released in February 2011. It debuted at number six on the UK Singles Chart, giving Jordan her second top-ten hit in the United Kingdom. "Good Girl" peaked at number 15 in Ireland, and later became her second chart-topper on "Billboard"s Hot Dance Club Songs in April 2011. Jordan released her self-titled debut album "Alexis Jordan" on February 25, 2011. The album debuted at number nine on the UK Albums Chart, and number 11 on the Australian Albums Charts.

Jordan's third single, "Hush Hush", was released on May 8, 2011. Jordan became a supporting act for English group JLS' tour in the United Kingdom for a month. She also appeared on T4 on the Beach in the United Kingdom, where she performed "Hush Hush" and "Good Girl" from her first album. Jordan recorded a duet with reggae singer Sean Paul for his single "Got 2 Luv U", which peaked at number one in Switzerland and Bulgaria. The editor of "Take40" called Jordan one of the current "hottest artists", behind Britney Spears and Avril Lavigne.

Jordan was one of many headliners for the Boston Pride Parade in June 2012. The parade is an annual event held in Boston, Massachusetts for LGBT people. Jordan told the "Daily Record" that she is working on her second album. She stated that "It is a big departure from what I have done."



Pico de gallo

Pico de gallo (known in Mexico as "Salsa fresca") is a Mexican garnish that is often placed on tacos or tostadas. It is made with onions, serrano peppers, tomatoes, cilantro and lime juice. There are variations of this garnish such as ones with avocado, nopales (cactus), etc.

Match (disambiguation)

The word "match" can have many meanings:

Lighter

A lighter is a tool that can produce a flame, on demand. It is made of a plastic or metal container, which contains a flammable liquid or gas. There is also a means of producing the flame, and extinguishing it, when it is no longer needed.

One of the first lighters was developed by the German chemist Johann Wolfgang Döbereiner in 1823. The lighter was produced until around 1880. The lighter was named Döbereiner's lamp.

There is often an electric cigarette lighter in cars. When the lighter button is pushed in, a metal heating element is connected to the car's 12 volt electricity supply, and it heats up to a high temperature. The lighter is then removed from the socket and the element is used to light the tip of a cigarette. The socket that the lighter goes in can also be used to power mobile phones and other electronics, and the term "cigarette lighter" is now commonly used to refer to this type of connector even when not being used to light a cigarette.


Bridgit Mendler

Bridgit Claire Mendler (born December 18, 1992) is an American actor and singer. She was born in Washington, D.C. and moved to Mill Valley, California at age eight. She acted in the movie "Alvin and the Chipmunks 2". She played Pamela in "Alice Upside Down" in 2007, and Kristen Gregory in the movie version of "The Clique". She also guest starred in Disney Channel Original Series' "JONAS" and played Juliet Van Heusen on "Wizards of Waverly Place". She plays Teddy Duncan in the Disney Channel Original Series "Good Luck Charlie" and she also played Olivia White on "Lemonade Mouth."

Shake-table

Shake-table in earthquake engineering is a very effective experimental equipment to verify seismic performance associated with the direct damage to individual buildings or their models under specified ground shaking. The best way to do it is to put a structure on a shake-table that simulates the earth shaking and to watch what may happen next (if you have no time to stand out in the field and wait for a real earthquake to strike). The earliest shake-table experiments were performed more than a century ago 


Chiniot District

Chiniot District () is a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is on left bank of the Chenab River on the Sargodha to Faisalabad road. About 1.5 milion people live there. Chiniot is at latitude 31.7200 and longitude 72.9789.

Chiniot is on the bank of River Chenab, and is famous for its furniture industry, and it sells furniture to other places. Its workers are very good at woodwork.

Como La Flor (song)

"Como La Flor" (""Like The Flower"") is a song by American singer Selena. The song was written by Selena's brother, A.B. Quintanilla III. A former Selena y Los Dinos member, Pete Astudillo, co-wrote the song. It was on her third album, "Entre A Mi Mundo" (1992). The song talks about a sad woman who is hurting because she has lost her boyfriend and she is explaining how it hurts to lose his love but she is saying that his love was like a flower that has dried up and died. As he says goodbye he takes her heart with him she hopes someday some other woman or his new woman will give him what he is looking for.

The song was released in the United States and Mexico in October 1992. It was the third single off of the album, following "La Carcacha" ("The Jalopy"). It was the lead single in both countries. The single reached number-one on the Mexican Singles Chart and the "MonitorLatino" charts. This gave Selena her first number-one song as a solo artist. Despite the success, a music video was not produced. "Como La Flor" helped Selena to be accepted into Mexico. She toured there for the first time after the single peaked at number-one. "Como La Flor" also became one of her signature songs.

Various recording artists worldwide have since made their own versions of "Como La Flor", some being non-Hispanic. The song was nominated for several awards at the Tejano Music Awards and the Premio Lo Nuestro awards. It has been certified Diamond in Mexico and Gold in Argentina. It remains one of Selena's most popular songs.

"Como La Flor" was recorded in Q-Productions in Corpus Christi, Texas. Selena's brother, A.B. Quintanilla III had written the song during Selena's Ven Conmigo Tour (1990-92). Pete Astudillo, a former back-up dancer for Selena y Los Dinos, had helped writing the song. A family friend, Brian "Red" Moore, remixed the song after it was recorded.

Quintanilla had wanted to write a song about a sad woman whose ex-boyfriend is in love with another women and wants him back. The message of the song was to show people that you should love your partner if they truly love you back. The song compares love to a flower, which needs love and care.

The band had wanted to write a song that can help Selena crossover into Mexico. After the song was played in radio stations, Selena was in constant demand in venues across Mexico. She had performed to several record-breaking audience records in Mexico. She was also the biggest act in the Tejano market during her tour. Selena was declared "Una artista del pueblo" ("An Artist of The People") when she had arrived in Mexico. The song was also covered among young children in Mexico, who competed in several "Selena look-alike" competitions.

"Como La Flor" was released in the United States and Mexico as the lead single for the album "Entre A Mi Mundo" (1992) on October 4, 1992. It was the second single to be released from "Entre A Mi Mundo" (1992). "Como La Flor" was positioned at number ten on the Mexican Singles Chart, when it was released. It was also at number ten on the US Latin Regional Mexican Airplay chart. The song peaked at number-one on the Mexican Singles Chart on November 22. It knocked off Luis Miguel's song "Inólvidable" from the number-one spot. The song remained at number-one for eight weeks, breaking Tejano artist Emilio Navaira's record. The song also peaked at number-one on "MonitorLatino"s Top 20 Latin Hits the following year.

"Como La Flor" peaked at number nine on the Latin Regional Mexican Airplay chart on April 15, 1995. It also peaked at number four on the Latin Songs Airplay chart on December 27. The remix version found on "Dreaming of You" (1995), peaked at number seventeen on the Italian Singles Chart. The song peaked at number eleven on the Spanish Singles Chart. In Mexico, the single was certified Diamond for selling over 80,000 copies in 1994. In 2005, the single was certified Diamond in digital sales. In Argentina, the single was certified Gold for selling over 50,000 copies. In 2005, the single was certified Gold in digital sales.

"Como La Flor" was nominated for "Song of the Year" and "Single of the Year" at the 1993 Tejano Music Awards.<ref name="certifications/awards"></ref> The song was also nominated for "Pop Ballad of the Year" at the 1994 Premio Lo Nuestro awards. The single was also nominated for the same two categories at the following Tejano Music Awards. Quintanilla, was nominated for "Songwriter of the Year" at the 1994 Tejano Music Awards.

Raúl Manuel Rodríguez of "El Dictamen" said that "Selena displayed an instinctive voice on catchy melodies". He also said that "Como La Flor" helped build awareness for Selena and her band. He also stated that the song "best fits with Mexico" because of its Tejano sounds. Victoria Díaz of "Grupo Reforma", believed that the song was one of the biggest hits in Tejano history. She also said that "Como La Flor" helped younger people to like Tejano music, which was never done before. She finished her rating with a 5 out of 5 score. Carmen Lopez of "Novedades de México", stated that "Como La Flor" showcases Selena's "exotic voice". Lopez also stated that the song was given positive responses from fans when it was released. She ended her review with "[...] a song that will never die".

Antonio Morales of "Gringo Gazette", liked the song's message and meaning. Morales also reported that "Como La Flor" is a "dance-cumbia song that is contagious when you hear it". Castro Fernando, of "¡Alarma!" wrote that the song surpassed expectations when it was released onto radio stations. Esmeralda Rivera of "Nuestro Diario", praised the songs rhythms. Daniel Rodriguez of "Grupo Reforma", believed Jennifer Lopez's performance was "incredible" while also stating that in the movie "[...] she captures Selena's every dance move precisely". Ramiro Burr of "San Antonio Express-News" stated that "songs such as "Baila Esta Cumbia," "La Carcacha," "Como La Flor" and "Amor Prohibido" had that instant appeal (liking), that memorable melodic hook that had everyone dancing". Cathy Ragland of "Austin American Statesman", stated that "Como La Flor" was one of Selena's popular songs.

Selena always had performed "Como La Flor" first in her concerts. The song became Selena's opening song for two years. At the Amor Prohibido Tour (1994-95), "Como La Flor" was performed as the last song. The song was always performed in every venue. Selena performed the song on the "Veronica Castro Show" in September 1993. She had wore a black-stylish pants with golden chains she had designed. She also wore her signature bras. On October 3, 1993, Selena had performed "Como La Flor" to a crowd of 40,000 in her hometown. The following day, she performed the song during the Lo Nuestros Awards ceremony in Miami, Florida. On the following three days, Selena performed the song in a Austin, Texas concert. She performed to a crowd of 100,000.

The next day, she performed the song in San Antonio, Texas to a crowd of 78,000. Selena also performed the song at the 1993 Tejano Music Awards. The following week, Selena performed the song at the Houston Astrodome to a record-breaking audience. The next day, she performed the song at the "Furia Musical Show". Selena performed "Como La Flor" once more in her hometown in December 1992. The following two days, she had performed the song for a free concert she had organized. The free concert was held in Corpus Christi. The free concert was for an upcoming live album that was to be released in 1993. The concert Selena had performed, was another record-breaking audience.

Selena performed "Como La Flor" in Houston, Texas on January 12, 1994 to a crowd of over 100,000. The following two days, she performed the song in Denver, Colorado to a crowd of over 87,000. The following week, she had performed the song in Los Angeles, California to over 60,000 fans. The following day, she had performed the song in North Hollywood, California. From February 21-27, 1994, Selena performed the song at a Monterrey, Mexico tour, each averaging from 100,000-200,000 fans. On March 10, 1994, she had performed the song at the Houston Astrodome to another record-breaking audience. The concert out performed country stars such as George Strait, Vince Gill and Reba McEntire.

In March she was the lead act at Miami's Calle Ocho Festival, which attracted over 100,000 fans. In June 1994, she performed the song at the 1994 Festival Acapulco in Mexico to a record-breaking 300,000 audience. The song was performed at Selena's most famous concert at the Houston Astrodome on February 26, 1995, which broke the record audience record once more. Selena performed the song seven more times before she was killed.

A music video was not produced. However, a music video was done for "La Carcacha". After the "Selena" movie was released, a promotional video of "Como La Flor" was released. The video had Jennifer Lopez, who was portraying "Selena" in the movie, singing to a crowd. The concert was one of Selena's record-breaking audience of 300,000 fans in Mexico. The promotional video used a softer (slower) version of "Como La Flor". The video was shown on Spanish-language television channels for two years.







American Idol runner-up singer David Archuleta had covered the song during his tour. He also covered the song at the 2010 Tejano Music Awards. Phuong Thanh, recorded the song in Vietnamese. Kelly Hensen, recorded the song in Dutch. Baby Karen, covered the song in raggaeton. At the Selena ¡VIVE! tribute concert, the song was performed at the grand finale. It had all the singers (who had done a cover that night) coming together and singing along with Selena. Also, a 55-member children's choir sang along to the song as well.



Spyware removal software

As spyware has turned into a worse threat, a number of ways to get rid of spyware have been used to remove it. These include programs designed to remove or to block spyware, as well as various user practices which reduce the chance of getting spyware on a system.
Nonetheless, spyware remains a costly problem. When a large number of pieces of spyware have infected a Windows computer, the only way to get rid of them may involve backing up user data, and fully reinstalling the operating system. For instance, some versions of Vundo cannot be completely removed by Microsoft, PC Tools, Symantec and others because it infects Internet Explorer, and Windows' lsass.exe (Local Security Authority Subsystem Service) with a randomly-filenamed dynamic link library (or dll). These can be very helpful.

Thul Tehsil

Thul is an administrative subdivision of Jacobabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The subdivision is administratively divided into 19 Union Councils, two of which form the capital, Thul.

Kamakura, Kanagawa

In 1250, Kamakura was the 4th largest city in the world with 200,000 people. The other two large cities in Japan at this time were Kyoto and Nara.

Kamakura was made a municipality on November 3, 1939. 

Today, Kamakura is famous as an upper-class area for people to live. This is because of the history and because it is close to the mountains and the sea.





Kamakura has many Buddhist temples. The huge outdoor bronze statue of Buddha at Kamakura is world famous. 
The city has many Shinto shrines, including 

Tsurugaoka Hachimangu Shrine is one of the three major Hachimangu located in Kamakura. It is the most popular spot in Kamakura, especially, Yabusame in September is very famous. Tsurugaoka Hachimangu was built in 1063 and became the capital and center of Kamakura Government established by Minamoto no Yoritomo. Turugaoka Hachiman-gu has many beautiful maple and ginkgo trees. In autumn, the vew at this shrine is nice. In June, hydrangeas grow. Many temples have beautiful gardens of hydrangeas. The Hase temple is the most well-known of these temples.

Kamakura has international sister cities. 


Concepción

Concepción is the second city in importance of the Republic of Chile with 889,725 inhabitants (2002 census).

Concepción was founded by Pedro de Valdivia in 1550 north of the Bío-Bío River, at the site which is today known as Penco. At that time it was given the name "Concepción del Nuevo Extremo". The new settlement of Concepción was just a few kilometers north of La Frontera (The Frontier), the boundary between Spanish territory and the land of the Mapuche, an American Indian ethnic group that remained independent until the 1870s. The settlement was formally recognized by the Spanish authorities as a town two years later by a royal decree. It was given a coat-of-arms that is still in use today.

Earthquakes and tsunamis, which razed the town in 1570, 1657, 1687, 1730 and 1751, led the authorities to move the town to its current site in the Valle de la Mocha, alongside the Bío-Bío River.

On February 27, 2010, an 8.8 magnitude earthquake struck the city of Concepción, killing more than 700 people and injuring thousands nationwide. Following the earthquake, geologists relying on global positioning satellite (GPS) data concluded that the city had been displaced roughly 3 meters (10 feet) to the west as a result of the event. Fortunately, the city avoided the tsunami that followed the earthquake.

The climate of Concepción is classified as Köppen climate classification "csb", with a dry summer nadir in February. It has an oceanic influence which keeps temperatures mild throughout the year. Wet snows are possible in winter, but snow does not remain for long.
The chart at right provides a climate summary for Concepción.

To an outsider, there may be confusion between the demonyms of the inhabitants of Concepción and the nearby city of Penco. Due to the previous location of Concepción being where Penco currently stands, inhabitants of Concepción are called "penquistas" while inhabitants of Penco are known as "pencones".

Concepción is one of the most active cities in Chilean rock music and many famous rock groups in Chile started up in Concepción.
cepción has the second largest concentration of universities in Chile, and is home to three major universities. Concepción currently has four traditional universities:




Mass versus weight

In the physical sciences, mass and weight are different. The mass of an object is a measure of the amount of matter in the object. Weight is a measure of the force on the object caused by a gravitational field. In other words, weight is how hard gravity pulls on an object. This means the mass of an object will remain at wherever it is on the earth's surface, but if it is moved from the equator to the North Pole, its weight will grow by 0.5% because of the increase in the earth's gravitational field.
Mass is measured in kilograms or pounds. A one-liter volume of water has a mass of one kilogram. Weight is measured in newtons, the standard unit for force. A one-kilogram mass placed on a bench presses down on the bench with almost ten newtons of force. 

The weight of something is the value measured at the Earth's surface. Unfortunately the common terms used to describe the weight of an object are units of mass such as kilograms or pounds. For almost all of human history weight has been measured on the surface of the Earth. Here, the weight is proportional to the mass. Objects which have the same mass have the same weight. An object with the twice the mass of another will also have twice the weight. As a consequence it is common practice to use the two words, mass and weight, as if they mean the same thing, and to use kilograms or pounds as the units for both mass and weight. Using the same terms to describe and measure the two different properties has led to confusion between these two properties, mass and weight. Mass and weight are not the same thing.

Generally, mass refers to how "heavy" something is. However, mass is really an "inertial" property; that is, the tendency of an object to remain at constant velocity unless acted upon by an outside force. According to Newton's second law of motion, as expressed in the formula an object with a mass, "m", of one kilogram will accelerate, "a", at one meter per second per second (about one-tenth the acceleration due to Earth's gravity) when acted upon by a force, "F", of one newton.

It is possible to feel the difference between weight and mass by suspending an object with a mass of over ten kilograms on a rope with a length of two or more meters. If a person pushes upwards against the underneath of the object with one finger they will feel the weight of the object. If they push momentarily against the side of the suspended object with one finger they will feel the mass of the object. (It is important that they do not push the object sideways far enough to begin to raise it.)

Microsoft Security Essentials

Microsoft Security Essentials (MSE) is a free antivirus software created by Microsoft that provides protection against computer viruses, rootkits, spywares, and trojans for Windows XP. MSE x86 (32-bit) replaces Windows Live OneCare, a commercial subscription-based antivirus service and the free Windows Defender, which only protected users from adware and spyware. It is geared for consumer use, unlike Microsoft's upcoming enterprise-oriented product Microsoft Forefront.


Down by Law (band)

Down By Law is a punk rock band made in or around 1990. Frontman Dave Smalley of "Dag Nasty" fame teamed up with the members of "Chemical People" for their first album and went through many changes all around over the years. Starting on Epitaph records with their first self called LP, DBL continued on Epitaph until "Last of the Sharpshooters" in 1997. A brief stint on Go Kart Records saw the release of "Fly the Flag", and now with their newest release of "Windward Tides and Wayward Sails" in 2003 finds them on Union Label Group.

Bhagat Singh

Bhagat Singh ( — 23 March 1931) was an Indian socialist revolutionary. He is considered to be one of the most influential revolutionaries of the Indian Independence Movement.

Singh was born to Vidyavati Kaur and Sardar Kishan Singh, in a Sikh Jat family on 28 September 1907 at Lyallpur in Punjab Province of British India.

His family had earlier been involved in revolutionary activities against the British government. His uncle, Swaran Singh, had participated in the freedom struggle against the British. When in 1907, an another uncle of Bhagat, Ajit Singh was arrested and exiled to Rangoon in Burma, Swaran asked the people of Punjab to force the government to release him and due to his efforts Ajit Singh was released from Rangoon Jail in October 1907. After coming back from jail, Ajit Singh decided to start a major revolt against the British. He began agitating the farmers and peasants to start a movement against them. The movement called 'Pagdi Sambhal Jatta' was launched in 1908. The British came to know of his intentions and arrested him on 13 January 1911, when he was attending the Lohri festival celebration at his relative's house. In February, Ajit Singh escaped from jail and ran away home, only to tell them about his planning to start a mass struggle abroad. Ajit Singh fled to Persia in March.

In 1912, Bhagat joined the District Primary School in Lyallpur and received his elementary education there till class 5th. In 1917, his family shifted to Lahore for his higher education. In Lahore, he was admitted to the Dayanand Anglo-Vedic School. When he was in the 8th standard, the Jallianwala Bagh massacre (13 April 1919) took place. The very next day (on 14 April) he went to the bagh telling them at his home that he was going to school. After running about 30 miles from Lahore, Bhagat reached Amritsar. At 2 pm, as Bhagat entered the compound he saw blood scattered all over the ground. The turbans and torn clothes of panic-stricken people were on the ground. The walls of the compound were red with blood. There was a curfew in Punjab so the blood hadn't been cleaned. Bhagat had taken a glass bottle with him. He took a handful of blood-stained soil and put it in the bottle. He reached home and put the bottle in front of the Sikh Guru's portrait and prayed to him for peace and solace for the victims of the massacre and he pledged to teach the British a lesson.

In 1920, Mahatma Gandhi launched the Non-cooperation movement to encourage a mass protest against the British and to boycott their trade in India and to end their cooperation with the British rule. Many people joined the movement and stopped the use of foreign goods and clothes. The people boycotted schools and colleges. Lawyers such as Motilal Nehru boycotted law courts and other government institutions. They publicly burnt their lawyers' dress in protest.

Bhagat Singh also actively participated in the movement. He along with a group of people used to burn foreign clothes publicly and boycott government-funded schools. He was only 14 years old.

In February 1922, In Chauri Chaura village of Gorakhpur in United Provinces, non-violent activists of the town lead a march to a nearby liquor shop to picket it. Some policemen began thrashing the activists. The protesters became angry and they burnt down the police station where the policemen had taken refuge, killing all 22 policemen inside. Mahatma Gandhi was shocked to hear about the incident and he suspended the non-cooperation movement realising that the people had still not understood the message of non-violent protest against the British. This created much chaos as people thought that if Gandhi had not suspended the movement they would have easily achieved independence. When Bhagat came to know about this, he was disappointed with Gandhi's decision to suspend the movement and he lost confidence in the philosophy of non-violence.

In 1923, He joined the National College in Lahore. There he studied as well took part in many extracurricular activities. In August 1923, an essay competition was held at the college by Punjab Hindi Sahitya Sammelan. The topic was to write about any of the special acknowledgements about Punjab. Bhagat Singh wrote an essay on the following topic:
A month later he joined a Dramatic Society near the college campus and began to organize functions and shows. In late October, the society organized a show for the governor of Punjab. When the governor Edward Douglas Maclagan arrived at the theatre, the audience present there consisting mainly of college students didn't show courtesy to him. He became so angry with the lack of respect that he walked out of the theatre. Bhagat Singh didn't mind and performed the show in front of the limited audience.

While studying in the National College, he used to spend most of his time in the college library reading books about armed revolution in foreign countries. He was inspired by the Russian revolutionaries who believed that only armed revolt can bring freedom. In March 1924 it is said that one of his friend's bullock cart drivers was beaten harshly by some English officials as the sign the outside the office of the officials read - 'Dogs and Indians are not allowed'. He took revenge and along with Sukhdev he attacked the officials car and beat them with "lathis" (wooden sticks) and escaped unnoticed in the night.

In April, his father asked him to get married which he refused. His father pressurised him for it, so one night, he quietly left his home and went to Kanpur. Before leaving he wrote a letter to his father:
Bhagat Singh worked for Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi in the newspaper Pratap Press in Kanpur for some months. Then he met Chandra Shekhar Azad and they began to work together for freedom struggle.

In early 1925, his father called him home as his grandmother was very ill. He wrote to him for coming home, promising he would not force him to get married:
In March 1925, he accepted his father's wish returned to Lahore but had to soon escape from there as police had came to know of his whereabouts. He went to Delhi and started publishing the Daily Veer Arjun Newspaper for 6 months.

In October, he returned to Kanpur to free the Kakori prisoners who had been arrested after the train robbery in Kakori (9 August) along with their leader Ram Prasad Bismil. The prisoners were temporarily detained at Kanpur police station before being shifted to different central jails across United Provinces.

On 22 November, along with Azad, Bhagat went to the police station unnoticed and broke the lockups and freed one of their comrades but the police soon arrived and they had to run away. Their plan had failed.

In March 1926, he organized the Naujawan Bharat Sabha to encourage the young men of his country to fight for their freedom. He began to address big public meetings and asked them to overthrow the British rule in India. He also used the dramatic society for the purpose of spreading his message.

On 16 October, when the Dussehra festival fair was held in Lahore Maidan at 7 pm, a bomb exploded in a crowded section of the maidan when the Ramleela play was held. 12 people died in this explosion and about five times of that were injured. People rushed out of the maidan to save their lives.

Next day, "The Tribune" was published as follows-

The British Government took advantage of the incident and arrested Bhagat on the pretext that he was involved in the bomb incident on 29 May 1927. The real reason for his arrest was to stop him from instigating people against the British rule. It was later found that the bomb explosion was caused by a man named Channa Din who was bribed by the Lahore police to get an excuse for arresting the revolutionaries. He was released for a security deposit of ₹ 60,000 with no evidence against him, about a month later.

He became involved in numerous revolutionary activities. He quickly gained prominence in the Hindustan Republican Association and became one of its leaders. The name of the organization was changed to Hindustan Socialist Republican Association on 9 September 1928.

A Commission known as the Simon Commission was appointed by the British Government to consider political reforms. The commission which reached India on 3 February 1928 decided to tour the whole India to gain first hand information of the administrative system. There were no Indians in the commission. This angered many Indian political leaders who lead protests against the commission. The nationalist leaders lead protest marches wherever the commission went with the slogan 'Simon Go Back'.

The Commission reached Lahore on 30 October 1928. Here, the protest march was being lead by Lala Lajpat Rai. As the members of commission got down from the train at Lahore Railway Station the protesters began yelling 'Simon Go Back'. Soon the protest turned violent and the police used a lathi charge to stop the protest. The superintendent of police of Lahore James A. Scott began to beat Lalaji with a baton. Lalaji was wounded by the batoning but he continued to yell 'Simon Go Back...Simon Go Back...Simon Go Back...' Lalaji was wounded and he fell to the ground. Before he fell he is said to have announced:
18 days later, Lalaji succumbed to his wounds. Bhagat Singh who was also in the protest march was witness to this incident and decided to take revenge. Bhagat made a plan by calling a meeting at Mozang House (an Hindustan Socialist Republican Association hideout). On the night of 10 December the plan to kill superintendent Scott was made. Jaigopal was asked to keep a watch on Scott for five days and make a plan. On 15 December, the meeting was held in which Sukhdev presented a map of the Police Headquarters of Lahore where Scott worked. Bhagat and Rajguru were chosen to execute the plan. Jaigopal was told to signal Bhagat and Rajguru when he saw Scott coming out of the office. The plan was now ready to be executed.

On 17 December, Bhagat along with Rajguru & Chandrashekhar Azad went to the area of Police Headquarters. Bhagat and Rajguru hid behind a tree nearby. Jaigopal also came riding on his bicycle and acted as if he was repairing it to wait for Scott. At 1620 hours, as another police officer Assistant Superintendent of Police Saunders came out of the office Jaigopal mistook him for Scott and signaled Bhagat and Rajguru. As soon as Saunders approached the tree, Rajguru came out and shot him in the head which wounded him and Bhagat shot thrice in his chest and killed him. The Head Constable Chanan Singh chased Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Azad but was wounded by Azad's covering fire. The traffic inspector Fern who was standing there controlling the traffic saw them running and started chasing them. Bhagat fired at Fern but he ducked down to prevent the shot and thus the shot missed. The four then escaped through the Dayanand Anglo-Vedic School backdoor to arranged safehouses.

Next day, Posters appeared all over the walls of Lahore informing the public about the revenge action against the British-

The rest of the poster contained the motives behind the murder of the officer and warning given to the Intelligence Department and bureaucracy. It was signed by Balraj (a pseudonym of Chandrashekhar Azad). 

When the news of Saunder's murder reached the British government, it launched a search operation in the whole of Lahore. The Criminal Investigation Department was asked to keep a watch on every person departing and arriving in Lahore. On 18 and 19 December many people were arrested on suspicion of the murder. Many people were beaten mercilessly and caught and jailed without warrant.

The HSRA decided that it was not safe for Bhagat to be in Lahore as he would be soon caught by the police if so. So they planned Bhagat's escape from Lahore to Calcutta.

On the evening of 19 December Sukhdev requested Durga Bhabhi (wife of Bhagwati Vohra, a member of HSRA) to accompany Bhagat to escape from Lahore. Durga Bhabhi agreed willingly. To avoid recognition Bhagat had shaved his beard and cut his long hair (a violation of Sikh customs) and wore an English outfit. He asked Durga Bhabhi to wear an English outfit too. Rajguru was asked to be their porter at the station. At about 6:00 am, Bhagat along with Durga Bhabhi and Rajguru, who acted as their porter and Azad reached the railway station and boarded the first train from Lahore to Calcutta.

At Calcutta, Bhagat and Chandra Shekhar Azad met Jatindranath Das, a scholar and a scientist in January 1929. Jatin was asked to make bombs, and other weapons for the HSRA. The HSRA set up a bomb factory in Agra for the purpose. In March, the arsenals were tried and tested in secret near the Yamuna River.

In April, the British Government introduced two bills: the Public Safety Bill and the Trade Dispute Bill. The first was for the purpose of curbing mass protests that were taking place in many parts of the country and the second was for lowering the pension of the mill workers and farmers by 10%.

The Bombay Textile Mill workers announced a strike on 15 February to protest against low wages paid by Sir Nusserwanjee Wadia, the owner of the mill. The workers remained on strike for many days. They also barred the Wadia's entry in the mill. Wadia reported the problem to his friend who was a British officer. The officer agreed to help him. On 1 April, he came with a large cavalry force to disperse the protesting workers to make way for Wadia. First the officer requested the workers to end the strike but they refused to do so. The officer then ordered the cavalry to lathi-charge on the workers. Many were injured in this lathi-charge.

To put a stop on the strikes of workers, the government decided to pass the bills as soon as possible. They decided to pass the bills on 8 April with the special powers of the Viceroy Lord Irwin in the Central Assembly. Bhagat Singh decided to protect the rights of the farmers of his country to protest against unjust laws of the government and decided to halt the passing of bills. He made a plan to bomb the Central Legislative Assembly in New Delhi with Batukeshwar Dutt. On 8 April the Speaker Vithalbhai Patel stood up to announce the passing of the bills at 1230 hours. They threw two small bombs into the Assembly chamber from the public gallery. Nobody was killed.. They were shouting slogans of revolution and threw pamphlets. They surrendered. 

Bhagat and Dutt were jailed. They were kept in Delhi Central Jail (present day Maulana Azad Medical College, Delhi) from 22 April to 13 June. The trial for Delhi Assembly Bomb case began on 7 May. The lawyer Asaf Ali defended Dutt. Bhagat defended himself. On 12 June, both were sentenced to life imprisonment for: "causing explosions of a nature likely to endanger life, unlawfully and maliciously".

In the Court hearings, Bhagat Singh and Batukeshwar Dutt made a statement to clarify their motives for bombing and about the repressive action of government against the labourers and farmers of the country:

The next day, the police came to know about his involvement in the murder of ASP Saunders. They police took him to Mianwali jail. Bhagat got to know that the English prisoners and thieves were treated with dignity and were given healthy food but Indian prisoners weren't. He and other revolutionaries began a hunger strike which lasted from 15 June to 5 October 1929.

The demands that Bhagat placed before the Jailor Major Pindi Das Chopra were:


The demands were refused many times by the jail authorities. The police tried to get the prisoners to break their hunger strike. Jawaharlal Nehru and Muhammad Ali Jinnah supported the hunger strike. It got popular support.

The Lahore Conspiracy Case trial began on 10 July 1929, in the Lahore Jail court house. The Presiding Judge was Justice Rai Sahib Pandit Sri Kishen. There were 14 accused.

Jatin Das who had begun his hunger strike 28 days after Bhagat, died on 13 September 1929 due to weakness. Thousands of people attended his funeral procession in Lahore and felt proud for the brave revolutionary Jatin Das. He was cremated at Calcutta on 16 September.

On 5 October the Jail authorities agreed to the prisoners' demands and they ended their hunger strike.

Rajguru was arrested at a motor garage in Pune on 30 September 1929 and was presented in the court hearing on 18 October. Kundan Lal and Bejoy Kumar Sinha were also arrested in September.

The Conspiracy Case trials went on with no decision for months. Jaigopal betrayed the HSRA by telling that Bhagat was involved in the murder of Saunders. On 21 October 1929, as Jaigopal spoke the truth a revolutionary Prem Dutt became so angry he insulted him and threw his shoes towards him. Jaigopal fainted and collapsed in the witness box. Prem Dutt was handcuffed but the revolutionaries protested so Magistrate Rai Saheb ordered all of them to be handcuffed. They refused to cooperate. The police then started to beat them and forced them to be handcuffed. They were badly wounded. Many had to be taken away from the court on stretchers. To speed up the slow-moving trial, Lord Irwin declared an emergency on 1 May 1930. The arrested people were to go to trial by the special tribunal appointed by the Viceroy on 30 April. The tribunal consisted three senior judges – Justice Coldstream, Justice G. C. Hilton and Justice Agha Hyder.

The trials of the special tribunal began on 5 May 1930 at the court of special magistrate in Poonch House. The location had been shifted from the Lahore Jail. On 12 May, the revolutionaries were again harshly beaten with sticks and were dragged to the court for trial. The revolutionaries boycotted the trials from that day on and did not present themselves in the court. They demanded that Justice G. C. Hilton be removed and an Indian judge preside the case. But the government refused. In June, they removed Justice Agha Hyder (who had tried to stop the police from beating the revolutionaries as he had sympathy for them) and presiding judge Justice Coldstream and made Justice G. C. Hilton the presiding judge and appointed Justice Abdul Qadir and Justice Tapp instead.

The trials continued in the absence of the accused. They were only conducted on the basis of testimonies of the 3 government approvers Jaigopal, Hans Raj Vohra & Phonindra Nath Ghosh. The testimonies were utilised as prime evidence against the accused and were thus used to give the judgement in the case.

On 7 October 1930, the special tribunal of three judges pronounced their judgement as follows —
Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev Thapar, Shivaram Rajguru

Shiv Verma, Jaidev Kapoor, Mahavir Singh, Gaya Prasad, Kishori Lal, Bejoy Kumar Sinha, Kamal Nath Tiwari

Prem Dutt – 5 Years; Kundan Lal – 7 Years

Desh Raj, Ajoy Kumar Ghosh, Jatindra Nath Sanyal

Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev and Rajguru were ordered to be hanged on 27 October 1930 at 8 am, but the sentence was delayed. Finally the date was decided as 24 March 1931.

Many nationalist leaders appealed to the government to reduce the punishment, including Madan Mohan Malaviya, Mohammed Ali Jinnah and Subhash Chandra Bose who had positive views about the revolutionaries. Mahatma Gandhi asked the Viceroy Lord Irwin to revoke the death sentence of the three revolutionaries but he refused to do so.

On 22 March, the Jailor decided to bring forward the hanging time 11 hours earlier to prevent public protest outside the jail. The families of the three were not allowed to meet them on 23 March. The father of Bhagat, Kishan Singh with his wife waited outside for a long a time to get a last glimpse of their son but even they were denied. At 7:20 pm, the Jailor P. D. Chopra arrived with other officers to take them to the gallows. At that time, Bhagat was reading the biography of Russian communist leader Vladimir Lenin. He called out to Bhagat to get ready as they were getting late. He replied 'wait a minute, one revolutionary is meeting the other'. He read for a few minutes and came out of the cell. While going towards the gallows, Bhagat, Sukhdev and Rajguru weren't even slightly afraid. They were singing the patriotic song 'Mera Rang De Basanti Chola'. At 7:28, the three arrived at the execution site where several members of the jail staff including Jail Doctor Narinder Singh Sodhi, IG Prisons Fredrick Barker, Senior officer Charles Stead and District magistrate Allan Arbuthnot Lane Roberts, were waiting for them. Jail warden Chhatar Singh was also present. Bhagat said to Lane Roberts 'Sir, today you will see how bravely the great sons of India embrace death'. So at 7:30 pm, the three were hanged till death by the Lahore Central Jail authorities.

After hanging, their bodies were carried away secretly to Ferozepore through the backdoor of the jail. Late at night, the authorities reached the Sutlej river banks at Ferozepore where they burnt the three bodies. Soon a big crowd armed with fire torches arrived the river banks. The authorities were frightened and they fled. The people in the crowd then informed Bhagat's father Kishan Singh about the incident who along with Vidyawati came rushing to Ferozepore. Kishan Singh wept with grief along with pride at the same time for his brave son. The next day, the people and Kishan Singh cremated the bodies of Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev and Rajguru.

In the memory of their martyrdom the day 23 March is celebrated every year as 'Martyrs Day'.

The "Government of India" has made memorials and released postage stamps to honour these brave martyrs of India.

Wisdom teeth

Wisdom teeth are a set of four teeth, farthest back in a person's mouth. Most people get them late in their teenage years or in their early twenties. Many people have to have surgery to get rid of them because they often grow in a crooked way, or because there is no room for them. 

Sebastián Piñera

Miguel Juan Sebastián Piñera Echenique; December 1, 1949 – February 6, 2024) was the President of Chile from 2010 to 2014 and again from 2018 until 2022. He was elected once again in the 2017 presidential election. 

He won the second round of the presidential election that took place on January 17, 2010, and subsequently took office on March 11, 2010. He was a well-known economist, investor, businessperson, politician, former Senator, and leader of the presidential and parliamentary electoral coalition Coalition for Change. He was a billionaire and one of the richest people in Chile.

Piñera died in a helicopter crash on Ranco Lake on 6 February 2024. He survived the crash itself, but unable to remove his seat belt, he drowned as a result. The other three people on board were his sister Magdalena, businessman Miguel Ignacio Guerrero with his son Bautista Guerrero, all of whom survived. His body was later recovered from the sunken helicopter in the lake by the Chilean Navy.

Piñera ran for President of Chile in the 2009-2010 election. Since August 2009, he led in opinion polls, competing with Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, Marco Enríquez-Ominami and Jorge Arrate; all of whom are left-of-center candidates. In the election of December 13, 2009, Piñera placed first in the results by obtaining 44.05 % of the votes, while Frei placed second by obtaining 29.6 % of the votes. Since neither candidate received more than half of the total votes, Chileans returned to the polls for a final run-off election on Sunday, January 17, 2010.

Actor Bob Gunton portrays Piñera in the 2015 movie "The 33", which is about the 2006 Copiapó mining accident.


Kamakura period

The is a time in the Japanese history from 1185 through 1333 in the history of Japan. This grouping of years is named after city of Kamakura which was the center of power of the Kamakura shogunate.

The government of shoguns which was functionally established in 1192 by Minamoto no Yoritomo.

The Kamakura period ended in 1333 with the destruction of the shogunate. Imperial rule was re-established under Emperor Go-Daigo.

Mongol Invasions of Japan (1274, 1281) also happened in this period. 

Buddhism expanded during this period. A number of monks founded separate Buddhist sects, including

The older Buddhist sects such as Shingon and Tendai continued to thrive.




Modulation

Modulation can mean:


American Football Conference

The American Football Conference (AFC) is one of the two conferences of the National Football League (NFL), the other being the National Football Conference (NFC). Every year, the winner of the AFC Championship Game receives the Lamar Hunt Trophy and gets to play against the winner of the NFC Championship Game in the Super Bowl. As of 2010, the Pittsburgh Steelers, who have won the AFC Championship Game seven times, have won the most AFC Championship Games. The most recent champion is the Kansas City Chiefs. 

Tuned mass damper

After seismic waves make a structure vibrate, a tuned mass damper (or seismic damper) can decrease their damaging effect and improve the building's seismic performance. Vehicles use small dampers and buildings use large ones. Some examples of dampers' design and implementation are presented in the images below:


Nelsinho Baptista

Nelsinho Baptista (born 22 July 1950) is a Brazilian football manager. Most recently, he managed Kashiwa Reysol.


Cesare Prandelli

Cesare Prandelli (born 19 August 1957) is a former Italian football player. He has played for some Italian clubs (e.g. Atalanta, Juventus). He manages for Fiorentina.

Gerhard Domagk

Gerhard Johannes Paul Domagk (October 30 1895 – April 24 1964) was a German doctor. He won the 1939 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for discovering the antibacterial effect of protonsil.

Henrik Dam

Carl Peter Henrik Dam (February 21 1895 — April 17 1976) was a Danish chemist. He won the 1943 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Edward Doisy, for the discovery of Vitamin K.

Josip Kuže

Josip Kuže (13 November 1952 – 16 June 2013) was a Croatian football manager. He manages for Albania national team.

Cairo International Book Fair

The Cairo International Book Fair is one of the biggest book fairs in the world with hundreds of book sellers and about two million visitors every year. It is the largest book fair in the Arab world, as well as the oldest. In 2006 it was the second largest book fair in the world after the Frankfurt Book Fair. It is held every year in the last week of January in Cairo, Egypt, at the Cairo International Fair Grounds in Madinat Nasr, near Al-Azhar University. It is organised by the General Egyptian Book Organisation.

Cairo publishers make 60% of Arabic language books printed in the world. The state owned General Egyptian Book Organisation, is the largest book publisher in the Arab world. The fair has displays and speakers from publishers and government agencies from around the world, as well as sellers of books, video, and other media. Lectures, readings, and other public events take place during the three weeks the of the book fair, with items in Arabic, English, and other languages. The fair brings in ordinary Egyptians, with media on a range of topics, outdoor events, and even fireworks to entertain the large crowds.

The CIBF was started by the General Egyptian Book Organisation, a government publishers and retailers group, in 1969 as part of the celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the start of the city of Cairo. The 41st fair was held from 21 January to 5 February 2009.

The CIBF has had problems in recent years. Leftist and Muslim militant authors, works critical of the government, and works with sections or topics that are seen as sexually or culturally controversial have been banned from the book fair. During the 2000 book fair, Islamist protests became violent. That year, more than 2000 members of Muslim student groups protested outside Al-Azhar University. This led to rare public protests against the Egyptian government, violence, 75 arrests and a number of injuries. The students were protesting an Egyptian Ministry of Culture publisher printing and selling copies of the 1983 novel "A Banquet for Seaweed" by the Syrian writer Haidar Haidar. After the protests, two members of the government printing house were also arrested for "disparaging religion" and publishing a work "offensive to public morals".

In later years a number of books from foreign publishers have been taken by Egyptian authorities. These have included works by Czech Milan Kundera, Moroccan Mohamed Choukri, Saudi Ibrahim Badi, Lebanese Hanan al-Sheikh, and fellow Lebanese novelist Elias Khoury In 2005, Egyptian police arrested a number of book sellers and activists at the book fair. Two Egyptian journalists were arrested for giving out "false propaganda against the government" and others for presenting socialist work.



Park Kyung-hwan

Park Kyung-Hwan (박경환 born 29 December 1976) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0


Alexander Alekhine

Alexander Alekhine (31 October 1892 – 24 March 1946) was the fourth World Chess Champion, and the only one to die holding the title.

By the age of twenty-two, he was already one of the strongest grandmasters. During the 1920s, he was one of the hypermoderns, and won many tournaments. In 1927, he became World Champion by beating Capablanca. The match of 34 games was the longest world championship match held until 1985.

In the early 1930s Alekhine dominated tournament play, and won top-class tournaments by large margins. He also played first board for France in four Chess Olympiads, winning prizes in each. His tournament record became less good from the mid-1930s onwards; alcoholism is often blamed for this. Although Alekhine offered Capablanca a rematch on the same terms that Capablanca had set for him, negotiations dragged on for years. It became clear that Alekhine would never let the match take place. Meanwhile, he defended his title with ease against Bogolyubov in 1929 and 1934.

Alekhine was defeated by Euwe in 1935, but regained his crown in the 1937 rematch. His tournament record was now uneven, and rising stars (such as Keres and Botvinnik) threatened his title. Negotiations for a title match were halted by the start of World War II in 1939.

Alekhine was known for his attacking style: he was good at turning an initiative into a win. He was the first world champion to work hard on opening theory. Alekhine was the first to be a full-time dedicated professional of the modern type. He said he spent eight hours a day studying the game, and produced many innovations in chess openings.

Alekhine was declared an "Enemy of the Soviet Union" after making anti-Bolshevik statements in 1927. However, after his death, the Soviet chess leaders called him "one of the founders of the Soviet School of Chess". He is still highly regarded as a chess writer. His finest works were his collections of his own games, which influenced many players.

Alekhine was a brilliant player with a poor character: "Not everyone liked his personal character, but all admired his chess genius". That he sometimes lied, and was often half-drunk is mentioned by all his biographers. He married a Russian baroness in 1920, which legitimised their seven-year-old daughter. The following year he married a Swiss woman, and obtained permission to leave Russia. 

The marriage, which was probably bigamous, broke up soon after. Later he married twice more. He settled in Paris, becoming a naturalised French citizen. He studied law at the Sorbonne, and claimed to have got a doctorate there in 1925: he was known widely as 'Dr. Alekhine'. Researchers have failed to find any trace of this in the records of the Sorbonne. Having at last won the world title, Alekhine used every device to avoid giving Capablanca a return match. He remarked to a friend "Somehow the match will never take place".

Alekhine stayed in Nazi-occupied Europe during the war, where he played in tournaments organised by the Nazis. Anti-Semitic articles appeared under his name. Although he later claimed they were forged by the Nazis, the original manuscripts in his hand were found amongst his last wife's effects when she died.<ref name="H/W">Hooper, David and Whyld, Kenneth 1992. "The Oxford companion to chess" 2nd ed, Oxford University Press. </ref> Whether Alekhine was personally anti-semitic is not so clear. He had good relationships with some Jewish chess players, and his fourth wife was Jewish. Negotiations with Mikhail Botvinnik for a world title match were proceeding in 1946 when Alekhine died in Portugal. "It is not too callous to say that he was fortunate to have died at that time. Feeling was very strong in France against those who came under suspicion of collaboration with the enemy".

Alekine wrote over twenty books on chess. Some of the best-known are:

Smoke grenade

A smoke bomb or smoke grenade is a bomb that produces a cloud of smoke. It can be used as a toy to make large clouds of colored smoke. It is normally used in the military though. Smoke bombs are used to hide positions and objects from sight behind a thick cloud of smoke. Armies also use smoke grenades to hide soldiers from the enemy. Smoke grenades can be used to mark a spot on the ground (for example, a spot where you want a helicopter to land). Smoke bombs can be thrown or shot. They normally contain a powdered chemical that is ignited. It produces a large cloud of smoke quickly. Then something else starts burning, keeping the smoke cloud thick.


Kōan (Kamakura period)





Elevated building foundation

Elevated building foundation (EBF) is a kind of seismic base isolation technology which is made a major part of a building superstructure. It is made to protect the building's superstructure against damage from the shaking caused by an earthquake.
This goal can be met with the right building materials, size, and setup of elevated building foundation for the building site and local soil conditions.

As a result of multiple wave reflections and diffractions, as well as energy dissipation of the seismic waves as they move up through the elevated building foundation, any movement of seismic wave energy into the building superstructure will be decreased, which will lower seismic loads and improve seismic performance of the structure.

In other words, the building does not shake as much because it is sitting on the elevated building foundation, and will probably take less damage from the earthquake.

Seismic load

Seismic load is one of the basic concepts of earthquake engineering which means application of an earthquake-generated agitation to a building structure or its model. It happens at contact surfaces of a structure either with the ground, or with adjacent structures, or with gravity waves from tsunami.

Seismic loading depends, primarily, on:


Sometimes, seismic load exceeds ability of a structure to resist it without being broken, partially or completely. Due to their mutual interaction, seismic loading and seismic performance of a structure are intimately related.

Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (February 27, 1807 – March 24, 1882) was an American teacher and poet. Some of his poems are "Paul Revere's Ride", "The Song of Hiawatha", and "Evangeline". He was also the first American to translate Dante Alighieri's "The Divine Comedy". He was one of the five Fireside Poets. He was one of the most influential persons in the culture of the 1800s in the USA.

Longfellow was born in Portland, Maine and studied at Bowdoin College. He then spent time in Europe. He returned and became a professor at Bowdoin and, later, at Harvard College. His first major books of poetry were "Voices of the Night" (1839) and "Ballads and Other Poems" (1841). Longfellow retired from teaching in 1854 to spend more time writing. He lived the rest of his life in Cambridge, Massachusetts, living in George Washington's old headquarters building. His first wife, Mary Potter, died in 1835 after a miscarriage. His second wife, Frances Appleton, died in 1861 after her dress caught fire. Longfellow had difficulty writing poetry for a time after she died. He mostly worked on his translation. He died in 1882.

Longfellow mainly wrote lyric poems which are known for their musicality. His poems often told stories of mythology and legend. He became the most popular American poet while he was alive. He was also successful in other countries. Some criticized him for imitating European styles and for writing poems for everyday people. In 1884, Longfellow became the first non-British writer for whom a commemorative bust was placed in Poet's Corner of Westminster Abbey in London. He is the only American poet represented with a bust.

Longfellow was born in Maine. One of his grandfathers was a state Senator and the other grandfather had been a Revolutionary War general and a Congressman. Then following his graduation in 1826 from Bowdoin College, where he was a classmate of Nathaniel Hawthorne, Longfellow went to Europe to study.

When he returned to the United States three years later, he taught European languages, first at Bowdoin and then at Harvard.

After 18 years of teaching at Harvard, he resigned his position because he felt it interfered with his writing.

He was a commanding person in the culture life of 19-century America, a romantic who identified with the great traditions of European literature and thought. Also at the same time, he was rooted in American life and history that charged his imagination with amazing themes and made him ambitious for success.

During the last years of his life, Longfellow received many honors, including honorary degrees from Cambridge and Oxford Universities in England. After his death, a bust of Longfellow was placed in the Poet’s Corner of Westminster Abbey—the first American to be so honored. In the late 19th century, Longfellow was without a doubt the most popular American poet.



Sources
Other

Boston Police Strike

The Boston Police Strike happened in Massachusetts during 1919. Over a thousand police officers went on strike. They wanted to be paid more money. The Governor of Massachusetts, Calvin Coolidge, said it was wrong to "strike against the public safety". Coolidge fired the police officers who went on strike. He hired veterans from World War I to replace them and gave them same bonuses that the striking policemen asked for to the veterans. This was the event which made Coolidge popular enough to become Vice President of the United States and then President of the United States of America after the death of Harding.

Panama City

Panama City is the capital of Panama. 813,097 people live there. It is now a popular place for older people or senior citizens to retire.

Nobuyuki Uenoyama

Nobuyuki Uenoyama (born 26 May 1957) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Yanmar Diesel.

Josep María Comadevall

Josep María Comadevall (born 24 November 1983) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Badalona.

Henk ten Cate

Henk ten Cate (born 9 December 1954) is a former Dutch football player.

181||29
21||5
202||34

Edson (footballer, born 1962)

Edson Aparecido de Souza (born November 29, 1962) is a former Brazilian football player.

Edson Rodrigues

Edson Rodrigues (born March 13, 1967) is a former Brazilian football player.

52||4||5||0||13||0||70||0
52||4||5||0||13||0||70||0

Dan Ito

Dan Ito (born 3 November 1975) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Churchill Brothers.


Noriyuki Kawamata

Noriyuki Kawamata (born 9 May 1967) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Hitachi.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Takeshi Satouchi

Takeshi Satouchi (born 11 January 1957) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Sumitomo Metals.


Billy Budd (opera)

Billy Budd is an opera by Benjamin Britten. It was first performed at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, London on 1 December 1951. It is based on the short novel "Billy Budd" by Herman Melville. The libretto for the opera was written by E.M.Forster and Eric Crozier.

Britten originally wanted the part of Billy Budd to be sung by Geraint Evans, but Evans found that the notes were too high for his voice, so he sang a different role, and the role of Billy Budd was sung by Theodor Uppman. The first performance was a great success.

In the original version the opera had four acts, but in 1960 Britten made some changes to the opera, making the story fit into two acts. Not everybody agrees about which version is the better one.

Famous baritones who have sung the role of Billy Budd include Thomas Allen, Simon Keenlyside, Richard Stilwell, and Thomas Hampson. There are no women in the opera at all.

The story takes place on board the battleship HMS "Indomitable" in 1797 during the French Revolutionary Wars. There is a short prologue at the beginning, and an epilogue at the end, during which the old captain is thinking back about the story which happened many years earlier. The rest of the opera tells that story.

Captain Vere, an old man, is thinking back on his life and his time in the navy. He thinks about what happened to Billy Budd some years earlier, and he feels sad because he was not able to save him.

The crew of the Indomitable are working on deck. There is a new man working there (the Novice). He slips and bumps into an officer. The novice is cruelly flogged (beaten) for this. At the same another crew member comes with three new young men who have been pressed (forced) into coming to work on the ship. One of these three men is Billy Budd.

Billy Budd is very happy at his new job. He does realize how cruelly he is going to be treated. The man in charge of the crew is Claggart. He is the Master-at-Arms, and he is very cruel. He says he thinks Billy Budd is a fine young man, although he has a stammer. Billy happily says goodbye to the ship he used to work on, called "Rights of Man". He does not see the irony in that ship’s name (there he did at least have some rights, but now he is to be treated badly. The word “indomitable” means: “something that cannot be defeated”.) Claggart does not like Billy’s attitude, and tells Squeak to watch him carefully.

The Novice comes back from his flogging. He is in such pain that he cannot walk. Billy is shocked, but thinks he himself will not be treated like that so long as he obeys the ship’s rules.

Dansker tells the new men that Captain Vere's nickname is "Starry Vere,". Billy thinks that he must be a good man and swears loyalty to him, although he has not seen him yet. In the four-act version Captain Vere comes on deck and encourages the men to do well in battle.

In his cabin, Captain Vere talks with his officers about the French revolution. They talk about the mutinees that have happened in the British Navy. The officers say that Billy might cause trouble, but Vere thinks his men are all good.

When Billy finds Squeak looking through his belongings he becomes angry and his stammer gets worse. He knocks Squeak to the ground. Claggart seems to be on Billy’s side, so he is not punished. However, Claggart wants to be evil to Billy. He gives some money to the Novice and tells him he should persuade Billy to start a mutiny, and that he should give Billy the money as a bribe. The Novice does not dare to refuse. Billy refuses the bribe and thinks he will be rewarded, but Dansker warns him that Claggart is dangerous. Billy is too naïve to understand what Dansker is saying. They sing a duet in which Billy sings how wonderful life is on the ship, and Dansker is trying to warn Billy about Claggart: “Jemmy-legs is down on you”.

Claggart begins to tell Vere that Billy could cause trouble, but is interrupted when a French ship is seen. The Indomitable attacks, but loses sight of the enemy in the mist. Claggart returns, and tells Vere that Billy poses a threat of mutiny. Vere does not believe him and sends for Billy so that Claggart may talk to him.

Later, in Vere's cabin, Claggart repeats the false charge in Billy’s presence. Once again, Billy begins to stammer because he is so angry. Unable to speak, he hits Claggart and kills him. The Captain has to get the officers together. They decide Billy is guilty and sentence him to be hanged. Billy begs Vere to save him, and the officers ask him what they should do, but Vere stays silent. He goes into the cabin where Billy is being held. The music suggests that the captain is telling Billy about his death sentence.

Dansker brings Billy a drink. He tells him that the crew are willing to mutiny for his sake, but Billy accepts his fate. In the early morning the crew gather on deck and Billy is executed. Just before he dies he praises Vere, singing: "Starry Vere, God Bless you!", and the rest of the crew echo his words.

Vere, as an old man, remembers Billy's burial at sea. He thinks about how the young man had blessed him as he died, and he realizes that this was real goodness. Vere is now at peace with himself. The orchestra stops playing and Vere’s voice is heard as the lights fade.



Toru Yoshida

126||1||6||1||28||0||160||2
126||1||6||1||28||0||160||2

Matsuichi Yamada

Matsuichi Yamada (born 21 February 1961) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Honda.

Motoaki Inukai

Motoaki Inukai (born 5 July 1942) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Mitsubishi Motors. He is currently the President of Japan Football Association.


Kōan (Muromachi period)





Samarkand

Samarkand It is the second-largest city in Uzbekistan and the capital of Samarqand Province.

The city is on the old Silk Road between China and the West, and is an Islamic centre for scholarly study. In the 14th century, it became the capital of the empire of Timur (Tamerlane), and is the site of his mausoleum, the Gur-e Amir. The Bibi-Khanym Mosque remains one of the city's most famous landmarks. The Registan was the ancient centre of the city.

Most of the inhabitants of this city are Persian-speaking and speak the Tajik Persian dialect. This city is one of the historical centers of the Tajik people in Central Asia, which in the past was one of the important cities of the great empires of Iran.

In 2001, UNESCO added the 2,750-year-old city to its World Heritage Site list as "Samarkand – Crossroads of Cultures".

Samarkand is one of the oldest inhabited cities in the world, prospering from its location on the trade route between China and the Mediterranean (Silk Road). At times Samarkand has been one of the greatest cities of Central Asia.

Started about 700 BC by the Persians, Samarkand has been one of the main centres of Persian civilization from its early days. Maracanda was the ancient Greek name for it Alexander the Great conquered the city in 329 . 
At the start of the 8th century, Samarkand came under Arab control. Under Abbasid rule, the legend goes, the secret of papermaking was learned from two Chinese prisoners in 751. This led to the first paper mill in the Islamic world being founded in Samarkand. The invention then spread to the rest of the Islamic world, and from there to Europe.

Samarkand was sacked by the Mongols under Genghis Khan in 1220. Some of the people survived, but later, Samarkand suffered at least one other Mongol attack. The town took many decades to recover from these disasters. In "The Travels" of Marco Polo, where Polo records his journey along the Silk Road, Samarkand is described as "a very large and splendid city..." He also writes about a Christian church in Samarkand, which miraculously remained standing after a portion of its central supporting column was removed.

In 1370, Timur the Lame, or Tamerlane, decided to make Samarkand the capital of his empire, stretching from India to Turkey. During the next 35 years, he built a new city and populated it with artisans and craftsmen from all of the places he had conquered. Timur gained a reputation as a patron of the arts, and Samarkand grew to have a population of about 150,000.

In 1499, the Uzbek Turks took control of Samarkand. They moved the capital to Bukhara and Samarkand went into decline. The city came under Russian rule in 1868. The Russian section of the city was built after this point, largely to the west of the old city.

The city later became the capital of the Samarkand Oblast of Russian Turkestan and grew in importance still further when the Trans-Caspian railway reached the city in 1888. It became the capital of the Uzbek SSR in 1925 before being replaced by Tashkent in 1930.

Arovell Verlag

Arovell Verlag is an Austrian publishing house for modern literature. It was founded in 1991 by the Austrian writer, artist and musician, Paul Jaeg. Today, Jaeg is still the director.

Each year, Arovell prints between ten and twenty new books. Some authors, such as Peter Paul Wiplinger, have already published several books with Arovell, but others use Arovell to publish their first book(s).

Arovell publishes modern literature in the German language. They include short prose, stories and poetry. The covers of all books show a painting by Paul Jaeg.

Arovell also publishes a magazine about literature, music and art, which gives information about new books and public events. The magazine prints sometimes short texts from the books by Arovell.

The publisher organizes literary, musical and artistic events, especially in Upper Austria and Salzburg, but also in Vienna.

Arovell's headquarter is in Gosau in Upper Austria and has branch offices in Vienna and Salzburg.



Powder monkey

Powder monkeys were boys or young teenagers who used to work on board the old sailing ships when they went to war. When there was a battle it was the powder monkeys' job to carry bags of gunpowder from the place where it was stored to the people who were operating the guns. This had to be done quickly, so young boys were ideal because they could run fast and they were small. It was not unknown for girls to disguise themselves as boys and get a job as a powder monkey.


Seismic analysis

Seismic performance analysis or seismic analysis is an intellectual tool of earthquake engineering which breaks the complex topic into smaller parts to gain a better understanding of seismic performance of building and non-building structures or their models.

In general, seismic analysis is based on the methods of "structural dynamics". For decades, the most prominent instrument of seismic analysis has been the earthquake "response spectrum method" which, also, contributed to the proposed building code's concept of today.

However, those "response spectra" are good, mostly, for single-degree-of-freedom systems. Numerical "step-by-step integration", applied with the "charts of seismic performance", seems to be a more effective method of analysis for multi-degree-of-freedom structural systems at severe process of earthquake excitation.

The design of structures rests on authorized engineering procedures, principles and criteria meant to design or retrofit structures subject to earthquake exposure. Those criteria are consistent just with the contemporary state of the knowledge about building structures. Therefore, the building design which blindly follows some seismic code regulations does not guarantee safety against collapse or serious damage.

The price of poor seismic analysis may be enormous. Nevertheless, seismic analysis has always been a trial and error process no matter it was based upon physical laws or empirical knowledge.

Wiener Werkstattpreis

The international Wiener Werkstattpreis is a literary prize in Austria and has been founded in 1992. Since the year 2000, the prize is given every year. The organizers want to promote writers who are not well-known yet.

The prize is 1,100 EUR. In 2007, the authors could send in their texts in three categories: short story, poetry and essay.

Supported and partly paid by the Austrian government and the city administration of Vienna, the prize is organized by the publishing house FZA.



Petting, Germany

Petting is a village near Traunstein, in Bavaria. It is next to the Waginger See, Lake Waging. The village was built on what was once an island, during the last Ice Age. The island was known as safe, and secure, and was inhabited even at that time. According to the records, the place name means "place where there is water, at times". There used to be a church in the village, around 800 AD. Unfortunately, this church was destroyed by the Hungarians around the year 900. There had been a castle in what was then the churchyard; the owners of the castle can be traced back to the 6th century. It is believed that Petting had already existed during the time of the Romans, with the same name. 

The part of the village called "Ringham" can be traced to 788 AD, when it's mentioned by a chronicle of the bishop of Salzburg. In 1970, about 1,700 people lived in Petting; in 2000 they were about 2,200.

Japanese American internment

Japanese American internment happened during World War II when the United States government forced about 110,000 Japanese Americans to leave their homes and live in internment camps. Many of the people who were sent to internment camps had been born in the United States.

On December 7, 1941, Japan attacked Pearl Harbor in Hawaii and declared war on the United States. Many Americans were furious, and some blamed all Japanese people for what had happened at Pearl Harbor. They spread rumors that some Japanese people knew about the attack ahead of time and had helped the Japanese military. The FBI and other parts of the United States government knew that these rumors were not true, but did not say anything. 

Japanese Americans began to feel that other Americans were becoming upset with them. For example, John Hughes, a man who read the news and listened to the radio in Los Angeles, California, spoke about Japanese Americans. There were reports of businesses that had anti-Japanese signs. For example, a barber shop put up a sign saying "Free shaves for Japs" and "not responsible for accidents." A funeral home hung a sign saying "I'd rather do business with a Jap than an American."

In February 1942, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066. This order said that people who lived in some parts of the country could be taken out of those areas for any reason. While the order did not use the exact words "Japanese Americans", people knew that those were the people who would be taken out of those areas. The areas included all of California and the western parts of Oregon, Washington, and Arizona. (See the area marked "exclusion zone" on the map on this page.) This was where most Japanese Americans lived at that time.

To keep Japanese Americans from leaving these areas on their own, the government stopped many of them from taking money out of their bank accounts. This made it harder for them to move. 

Japanese Americans were given only 48 hours to leave for internment camps in other states. They were only allowed to carry one bag with them, and could not bring radios or cameras.

In total, the United States forced over 110,000 Japanese Americans into internment camps.

About 80% of the Japanese-American people who lived in the continental United States were forced to leave their homes and live in internment camps. More than three out of every five of these people were born in the United States, and were United States citizens. About half of the people sent to the camps were children.

Most of the Japanese Americans who were interned lived in the continental United States. About 160,000 Japanese Americans lived in Hawaii, but only a little over 1,000 of them were interned. Because there were so many Japanese American people living in such a small territory, interning them would have been almost impossible. 

There were three government agencies that ran camps. Ninety percent of the Japanese Americans were in camps run by the War Relocation Authority (WRA). Only Japanese Americans lived in the WRA camps. 

Ten percent of the Japanese Americans were in mixed-race camps. These were either run by the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) or the United States Army. Many different people were interned in INS and Army camps. These people were included:

WRA camps were surrounded by barbed wire. They were also guarded by soldiers who waited in watchtowers holding guns.
Some people were shot. For example, James Wakasa, who stepped outside the barbed wire fence, was shot and killed. The guard who shot him said that Wakasa was trying to escape, but the Japanese Americans in the camp did not believe the guard. Most of the camps were many miles away from the coast, and often in rural areas. Many of the camps were in the desert, which was uncomfortable for many of the Japanese Americans who were not used to that type of climate. This also meant that even if somebody escaped, there would be nowhere for them to go. 

In the camps, people had to stand in line to eat or to go to the bathroom.

One famous camp was Manzanar, which was in California. Many Japanese from Los Angeles and San Francisco were sent there. Other camps included Poston in Arizona and Minidoka in Idaho. There were a few camps outside of the western U.S., such as Jerome in Arkansas. Japanese Americans were often crowded into small spaces, such as race tracks, before being sent to the camps.
The camps tried to provide medical care. Many of the people who worked in the camp hospitals were Japanese American doctors and nurses who lived in the internment camps. However, there were not enough doctors and nurses, and not enough medical supplies. Also, conditions at the camps helped cause some diseases. For example:
A total of 1,862 people died from medical problems while in the internment camps. About one out of every 10 of these people died from tuberculosis.

By 1943, the government allowed some Japanese Americans to leave the camps to work or go to school. However, the government would not let them return to the West Coast. Some Japanese Americans were even allowed to serve as soldiers in the U.S. Army, and many served with honor in Europe. 

In 1944, the United States government said that it would stop putting Japanese Americans in internment camps. The people who were placed in the camps were given $25 and a bus ticket home. However, it would take more than 40 years for the government to apologize to Japanese Americans for what had happened. In 1988, the government apologized and paid a check $20,000 to people who had been sent to internment camps. However, some people had problems getting their checks. 


Feldkircher Lyrikpreis

The "Feldkirch Poetry Prize", in German Feldkircher Lyrikpreis, started by Erika Kronabitter, an Austrian artist and writer, is given every year by the theater "Theater am Saumarkt" in Feldkirch, Vorarlberg/Austria. Among the sponsors, there are the Austrian government, the local administration of Vorarlberg and private banks. In 2003, the poetry prize was organized for the first time.

Poets from all countries may send in their poems. German philologists and poets are the jury. The winners are presented to the public during Fall. The winning poems are archived in the Library of Vorarlberg.













Inferno Metal Festival

Inferno Metal Festival is an annual extreme metal festival in Oslo, Norway. The festival take place at Rockefeller Music Hall.


Sailing ship

A sailing ship is a big boat with sails attached to the mast, to catch the wind. The wind pushes the boat along. A sailing ship had a rig of at least three masts, square rigged. 

Sailing ships have been used since prehistoric times. They were greatly improved around the 15th century, and were the main kind of ship until the middle 19th century. They were very important for trade and war. All large boats became known as "ships", so when steam power was invented people talked about "steam ships" to distinguish them from "sailing ships".

Small boats with sails are called "yachts" or sailboats. They are used today for leisure activities.

Weather radar

A weather radar is a type of radar used to show where precipitation is. Weather radar data can be analyzed to tell the movement of precipitation, what type it is (rain, snow, hail, etc.), and forecast its future.

Modern weather radars are mostly Doppler radars, which can find the direction and speed of rain drops and the intensity of the precipitation. Both types of information can be used to find the structure of storms and tell if they signify any severe weather (tornadoes, flash floods, etc.).


Hominid (novel)

Hominid is a novel by Austrian writer Klaus Ebner. The story takes place millions of years ago and tells some days in the life of a group of hominids who live in Central Africa. The book was published by the Viennese publisher FZA Verlag in October 2008.

"Hominid" takes place several million years ago in the Central African region between rainforest and savanna. The main characters are australopithecus afarenses, a hominid mostly living on trees that existed before the use of tools and fire. The story is told in the first person by the main character, Pitar. In thinking about his social and natural environment, Pitar decides to lead his family to civilization: "Hence I decided to shed some light on the darkness, to light a candle following the motto Let there be light and so on". His linguistic knowledge, thoughts and sayings are those of modern man, including a big knowledge about history, politics, philosophy and literature. Several comments made by Pitar about a particular object that has not been invented or developed yet, add to the funniness of the scenario. Pitar's close friends are Carpediem, who says Latin phrases and quotes the writers of Classical Antiquity, and Lao, who often refers to Chinese philosophy.

Although it is difficult to convince the other characters to follow him, Pitar manages to persuade the patriarchal leader of the clan, Costello, who has taken over leadership from Thorn, who had died shortly before. The group builds windbreaks so that they may descend more often from the trees, which has a higher risk of being attacked by wild animals on the ground. Costello and Re are rivals. Re not only questions the leading abilities of Costello, but also wants to possess Costello's females. To calm down the arising quarrel, Pitar tries to found a parliament in order to settle conflicts peacefully. Whereas Costello thinks the parliament would be a forum in which he can strengthen his power, quoting from famous speeches by Winston Churchill and Abraham Lincoln, the other members ruin the idea because they have no discipline and feel indifferent.

One of the subplots of the novel shows the love between Pitar and Maluma, a female member of the group. Costello pretends the group of females would be his personal harem, but when Maluma falls in love with Pitar, she breaks off her relationship with the leader. On each day, the characters discover new things. On the seventh day, everyone is exhausted from their work and needs rest. However, the calm is broken by the attack of a saber-toothed cat. Several members of the family are killed, including Costello, which allows Re to come to power. Pitar and Maluma decide to leave the group, saying: “We should leave in time, leave Re and his new Reich, which, when I'm taking into account Thorn's previous reign, would be the Third over here.” Pitar and Maluma leave toward the savanna in a move that remembers both the expulsion from paradise and the Out of Africa theory.

The novel has seven chapters, "Day 1" to "Day 7", with the action of each chapter taking place on consecutive days. The chapter titles refer to the seven days of the biblical Creation. Only odd-numbered chapters tell the love story. Writer Karin Gayer mentions in her review that the love story of Pitar and Maluma, and its positioning within the text, offers "a second interpretation of the beginning and the end".

In conversation with the Viennese regional leader of publisher Arovell, Ebner talked about the hidden meanings of his characters' names.


The idea to give prehistoric characters present-day knowledge and a modern language already arose in 2006. Since the author believed that this topic would not be enough for a longer novel, he did not continue working on it at first. The final impulse came with the literature prize Wiener Werkstattpreis in February 2008. The publication of a book offered by publisher FZA was an integral part of the award, and the publisher limited this book to 100 pages. For this purpose Ebner wrote and finalized his story and published the book in October of the same year. Publisher FZA introduced the work to the public in Vienna.

Heinz Gerstinger means the book would be a “history of the awakening of the spirit of mankind”. The author has the events glided “into the playful by his gently irony”. Several reviewers underline the novel's ironic and satirical aspect. The names of the characters, Latin quotations and idioms add to this as much as the parallelism between the seven days of Creation and scientific hominization. Ingrid Reichel points out the perfect publication date, just in time for the 150th anniversary of Charles Darwin's evolution theory. Like other reviewers, who had written about Ebner's earlier books she underlines the complex use of a detail rich language which is “steeped in subtle insensitive humor”.

The many expressions in foreign languages, mostly in Latin, are untranslated in the first edition. In her review, Ingrid Reichel invites the publisher to add a glossary to a new edition. The author published such a glossary on his own website.

Despite many clear allusions to several world religions, Ingrid Reichel says that the novel is a book for “readers with humor, for reasoners (…), for darwinists, on no account for creationists, to a lesser extent for people of faith, but rather for atheists, … and fundamentalists drop out entirely”. Another aspect is identified by Karin Gayer when mentioning the parallel evolution of the patriarchal hierarchy in the story's society and the social matriarchy, the first resembling Chimpanzee communities and the second those of Bonobos. In addition, she points out the strength of the women characters. With regard to these underlying comparisons she says: “On another level we are struck by the permanent verbal mix of the ape-like and the human, a combination which leaves us pensive and asks the legitimate question where we, who consider ourselves sapiens in a double sense, should finally classify man.”.




Impressment

Impressment (the Press) was the act of forcing men to serve in the navy. The people who were "pressed" to join the navy were usually young men. A naval officer would lead a press gang and force men onto warships where they were made to serve as sailors. Their families (if they had families) seldom knew where they had been taken.

This was a normal practice in the Royal Navy during the 17th, 18th and early 19th centuries. Many people said that it should be stopped, but the Navy said it was a good way to get sailors who were needed to defend their country. After the Napoleonic Wars the need for sailors was less and the Navy stopped impressing them. 


Naïve

Naïve (pronounce: "na-EEV") is a French word which is used in English to mean that someone is very simple and does not understand about the dangers around them. Someone who is naïve does not have enough experience of life to know about things he or she ought to know; for example, they may be very trusting, not realizing that some people in the world are evil and that some situations are perilous.

The word is sometimes spelt in English without the French double dot on the letter i, "naive", due to the default settings for typing in English lacking it. It is an adjective. The noun is naïveté, but is sometimes spelt naïvety in English. It is similar in meaning to the word "innocent" and is not always a negative quality in that being naïve implies a lack of acquired prejudice.

The word naïve is used in other special ways in the arts and sciences. It often means "lack of experience", but it does not necessarily mean it in a critical way.



Miodrag Božović

Miodrag Božović (born 22 July 1968) is a former Montenegrin football player.

Kenichi Sugano

Kenichi Sugano (born 8 August 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

Lawar

Lawar is a traditional food in Bali, Thailand. It contains young jackfruit, pork and pig's blood.

Strength training

Strength training is the use of resistance to muscular contraction to build the "physical strength" and "endurance". There are many different methods of strength training, the most common being the weight/gravity training and the training with the help of resistive equipment.

When properly performed, strength training can provide significant functional benefits and improvement in overall health and well-being, including increased bone, muscle, tendon and ligament strength, improved joint function, reduced potential for injury, increased bone density, a temporary increase in metabolism, improved cardiac function.

Training commonly uses the technique of progressively increasing the force output of the muscle through incremental increases of weight, elastic tension or other resistance, and uses a variety of exercises and types of training equipment to target specific muscle groups. Strength training is primarily an anaerobic activity.

Strength training differs from "bodybuilding", "weightlifting", "powerlifting", and "strongman", which are sports rather than forms of exercise, although training for them totally depends on strength training. Many other sports use strength training as a part of their training regimen, notably football, lacrosse, basketball, hockey and track and field.

Some samples of strength training exercises in a gym are presented in the picture gallery below.
The basic principles of strength training involve a number of repetitions (reps), sets, tempo, exercises and force to cause desired changes in strength, endurance, size or shape by overloading of a group of muscles. Specific combination of reps, sets, exercises, resistance and force depend on the purpose of the individual performing the exercise: sets with fewer reps can be performed using more force, but have a reduced impact on endurance.


Naohiko Minobe

101||4||3||0||9||1||113||5
101||4||3||0||9||1||113||5


Hitoshi Nakata

Hitoshi Nakata (born 17 January 1962) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Fujita and Otsuka Pharmaceuticals.


Karin Gayer

Karin Gayer (born 1969 in Mödling near Vienna) is an Austrian writer. She published poetry and fiction.

Karin Gayer was born in May 1969 in Mödling and lives today in Vienna. She began to study psychology but ended her studies before the end because she “could not find what she was looking for″. Then she worked in several social professions. Karin Gayer began to write literature at school. In the beginning she only published in Austrian literary magazines, for example in "Zenit" and "Wienzeile". Her first book made was printed in 2002 by the publisher Arovell Verlag.



Franzobel

Franzobel is the pseudonym of the Austrian writer Stefan Griebl. He was born on March 1, 1967 in Vöcklabruck. He now lives in Vienna.




German National Library

The German National Library (German: "Deutsche Nationalbibliothek", abbreviated DNB) is the central library and national bibliographic center for the Federal Republic of Germany. Its task is to collect, archive, document and record bibliographically all German and German language publications from 1913 on, foreign publications about Germany, translations of German works, and the works of German-speaking emigrants published abroad between 1933 and 1945, and to make them available to the public. The German National Library maintains co-operative external relations on the national and international level. For example, it is the leading partner in developing and maintaining bibliographic rules and standards in Germany and plays a significant role in the development of international library standards. The cooperation with publishers is regulated by law since 1935 for the Deutsche Bücherei Leipzig, since 1969 for the Deutsche Bibliothek Frankfurt. Duties are shared between the facilities in Leipzig and Frankfurt am Main, with each center having a specific specialty area. A third facility, the Deutsches Musikarchiv (founded 1970), deals with all music-related archiving (both printed and recorded materials).

In 1848, there were plans for a German national library. After 1850, they were not followed. The stock of books already in existence was stored at the Germanisches Nationalmuseum in Nuremberg. In 1912, the town of Leipzig, seat of the annual Leipzig Book Fair, the kingdom of Saxony and the Börsenverein der Deutschen Buchhändler (Association of German booksellers) agreed to found a German National Library located in Leipzig. Starting January 1, 1913, all publications in German language were systematically collected (including books from Austria and Switzerland). Dr. Gustav Wahl was elected as the first director. In 1946 Dr. Georg Kurt Schauer, Heinrich Cobet, Vittorio Klostermann and Professor Hanns Wilhelm Eppelsheimer, director of the Frankfurt University Library, started a German archive library based in Frankfurt am Main. The federal state representatives of the book trade in the American zone agreed to the proposal. The city of Frankfurt agreed to support the planned archive library. The US military government gave its approval. The Library began its work in the tobacco room of the former Rothschild library, which served the bombed university library as accommodation. As a result there are two libraries in Germany, which assumed the duties and function of a national library for the later GDR and the Federal Republic of Germany, respectively. Two national bibliographic catalogues appeared, which are almost identical in content.

In July 2000, the Deutsches Musikarchiv also assumed the role as repository for GEMA, Gesellschaft für musikalische Aufführungs- und mechanische Vervielfältigungsrechte, a German music copyright organization. Since then, music publishers only have to submit copies to DMA, which covers both national archiving and copyright registration. The 210,000 works of printed music previously held by GEMA were transferred to DMA.

With the unification of Germany on 3 October 1990, the Deutsche Bücherei Leipzig and the Deutsche Bibliothek Frankfurt am Main were merged in the new institution Die Deutsche Bibliothek. The "Law regarding the German National Library" came into force on 29 June 2006. The expansion of the collection brief to include online publications set the course for collecting, cataloguing and storing such publications as part of Germany's cultural heritage. The Library's highest management body, the Administrative Council, was expanded to include two MPs from the Bundestag. The law also changed the name of the library and its buildings in Leipzig, Frankfurt am Main and Berlin into "Deutsche Nationalbibliothek".

The Deutsche Musikarchiv Berlin (DMA, German Music Archive) is the central collection of printed and recorded music and the music-bibliographic information centre for Germany. It is a federal agency founded in 1970 with the task to collect all music published in the country. Its precursor was the Deutsche Musik-Phonothek (1961–1969). In Berlin's Lichterfelde, the DMA is a department of the German National Library (Deutsche Nationalbibliothek). It moved to Leipzig in 2010, to be in an extension of the Deutsche Nationalbibliothek in Leipzig. Publishers of printed and recorded music in Germany are required by law (since 1973) to deliver two copies of every edition to the archive. One copy is kept at the DMA in Berlin, the second is deposited in the music collection of the Deutsche Nationalbibliothek in Leipzig.

The main building of the German National Library in Leipzig was built 1914–1916 after plans of the architect Oskar Pusch. The impressive facade is 160 m long and faces the "Deutscher Platz". The building was opened on October 19, 1916, one day after the monument for the Battle of the Nations. Emperor Wilhelm II had already left in a huff, as the Leipzig citizens did not conform to Prussian Imperial ideology. The building lot of the library had been donated by the city of Leipzig, while Friedrich August III, king of Saxony provided the funds for the building.
On the facade, the portraits of Otto von Bismarck, Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Johannes Gutenberg are displayed. Statues represent Technology, Justice, Philosophy, Medicine etc. The central reading room contains a picture by Ludwig von Hofmann, depicting Arcadia in Art Nouveau-style. The Library includes a museum for books and letters as well.

24.1 million items




Intonation (linguistics)

In linguistics, intonation is variation of pitch while speaking which is not used to distinguish words. (Compare tone.) Intonation and stress are two main elements of linguistic prosody.

All languages use pitch semantically, that is, as intonation, for instance for emphasis, to convey surprise or irony, or to pose a question. Tonal languages such as Chinese and Hausa use pitch to distinguish words in addition to intonation. 

"Rising intonation" means the pitch of the voice increases over time; "falling intonation" means that the pitch decreases with time. A "dipping intonation" falls and then rises, whereas a "peaking intonation" rises and then falls.

The classic example of intonation is the question-statement distinction.
For example, northeastern American English, like very many languages (Hirst & DiCristo, eds. 1998), has a rising intonation for echo or declarative questions ("He found it on the street?"), and a falling intonation for "wh-" questions ("Where did he find it?") and statements ("He found it on the street."). Yes or no questions ("Did he find it on the street?") often have a rising end, but not always. Some languages like Chikasaw and kalaallisut have the opposite pattern: rising for statements and falling with questions.

Dialects of British and Irish English vary substantially, with rises on many statements in urban Belfast, and falls on most questions in urban Leeds.

In the International Phonetic Alphabet, "global" rising and falling intonation are marked with a diagonal arrow rising left-to-right and falling left-to-right , respectively. These may be written as part of a syllable, or separated with a space when they have a broader scope:

Here the rising pitch on "street" indicates that the question hinges on that word, on where he found it, not whether he found it. 

Here, as is common with "wh-" questions, there is a rising intonation on the question word, and a falling intonation at the end of the question. 

Heinz Gerstinger

Heinz Gerstinger (born October 13, 1919 in Vienna; died April 28, 2016 in Vienna) is an Austrian writer, playwright and historian.

Heinz Gerstinger studied history and dramatics at the University of Vienna. He has worked for the universities of Graz and Vienna, as well as for theaters in Graz, Augsburg and Vienna. As he published in literary magazines and newspapers, he worked for the Austrian radio and television. Heinz Gerstinger was a member of the Austrian P.E.N. and the writers' association Österreichischer Schriftstellerverband.




Ingrid Reichel

Ingrid Reichel (born 1961 in St. Pölten, Lower Austria) is an Austrian artist, painter, essayist, and a reviewer of arts and literature.

Ingrid Reichel has grown up in Kabul, Afghanistan and between 1967 and 1981 in Paris, France. Then she moved to St. Pölten, the capital of Lower Austria, where she still lives with her family. She had her first art exhibitions in 1991. Her works address sociopolitical topics. Ingrid Reichel is very active in the cultural life of St. Pölten and introduces children to arts and literature. Since 2005 she writes critical reviews, essays and portraits of artists. She is a directing member of the Literary Society St. Pölten (Literarische Gesellschaft) and writes also for its literary magazine "etcetera".



Absurdism

Absurdism is a type of philosophy. People who support and argue for absurdism are known as 'absurdists'. Absurdists think that the human condition is essentially absurd because humans are always looking for meaning, but are completely unable to find meaning because no such meaning exists. In philosophy, this is called ‘the Absurd’. In this case "absurd" means that it is not possible to be done by humans.

Absurdists, most notably Albert Camus, believe that when human beings realize this fundamental absurdity they have different reactions. One reaction is suicide, but this is not generally considered to be a viable solution by Absurdists; suicide is in and of itself the most absurd action possible. Another reaction is to believe in something higher (Camus gave religion as an example of this, although he went on to criticize its merit as a solution to fundamental absurdity) when they see that there is no meaning they can find in the universe (which is what absurdism says is the basic state of human experience). The final reaction is to accept the absurd, and also to keep trying to overcome it. Camus believed that a human being could become happy by finding meaning in their relationship with the absurdity of their existence.

Perhaps the most notable absurdist philosopher is Albert Camus. Søren Kierkegaard's ideas contributed to the development of Absurdist philosophy, although he was himself an existentialist.


Elpídio Silva

Elpídio Pereira Silva Filho (born 19 July 1975), known as Silva, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a striker.


Takahiro Shimada

Takahiro Shimada (born 9 February 1965) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Gamba Osaka.

131||4||8||0||25||1||164||5
131||4||8||0||25||1||164||5

Ryuji Ishizue

Ryuji Ishizue (born 22 July 1964) is a former Japanese football player.

107||0||11||0||16||0||134||0
107||0||11||0||16||0||134||0


Shuichi Mase

Shuichi Mase (born 22 October 1973) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for North American, Central American, and Croatian clubs. He is currently a football coach and interpreter.


Tropical Storm Grace (2009)

Tropical Storm Grace was an unusual tropical cyclone that formed in the Atlantic Ocean. It was the 7th named storm of the 2009 Atlantic hurricane season. Grace began over the Azores on October 4, and had wind speeds of 65 mph (100 km/h). However, the storm did not last very long, and cold water temperatures caused it to weaken. The storm died out on October 6 over England. The storm was farther north and east in the Atlantic than most tropical storms.

Grace had only minor effects on land. While it was passing through the Azores, islands near the storm felt strong winds and some rain. In Portugal, the storm partly caused heavy rain that caused flooding. What was left of Tropical Storm Grace hit parts of Ireland and the United Kingdom. In this area, of rain fell and winds became strong, although there was no bad damage.

Tropical Storm Grace came from a large extratropical cyclone that formed on September 27, 2009, to the east of Newfoundland. It began to show signs of becoming a tropical cyclone. By October 1, convection began to form near the center of the storm. The next day, the convection began to disappear, and the National Hurricane Center (NHC) stopped watching it. The storm moved in a loop near the Azores for the next two days. During October 4, convection formed again near the center of the storm. It became a tropical storm near São Miguel Island. However, the NHC first thought it did not become a tropical storm until later.

The NHC named the storm "Grace" at 11:00 AST on October 4. It was the seventh named storm of the 2009 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm had some strong convection and an eye-like feature (a clearing at the center). Grace was over waters that are normally too cold for tropical storms to exist. However, because there was not much wind shear, it was able to stay together. Grace moved towards the northeast. The storm became slightly stronger as it moved over colder waters. Winds in the storm were estimated at 70 mph (110 km/h) early on October 5. However, the NHC found later that Grace's highest winds were actually a little weaker, at 65 mph (100 km/h).

A large cyclone near Grace caused the storm to weaken. By this time, the storm was over waters, likely stopping further strengthening. Early on October 6, Grace merged with a weather front over the northeastern Atlantic Ocean. Just before this, the lowest air pressure in the storm was recorded at 986 mbar (hPa; 29.12 inHg). What was left of Grace continued for about 18 hours before dissipating in the Celtic Sea early on October 7. Although the NHC officially called Grace a tropical storm, the French meteorological service said it should not have been called a tropical cyclone. They argued that the formation of Grace was more like a non-tropical storm than a tropical one.

When Grace was over the Azores, a few islands had light rain and high winds. Wind gusts reached on Ponta Delgada. On October 6, the storm's rainbands caused heavy rain and strong winds in parts of Portugal. This flooded some streets. In the mountains, wind gusts may have been stronger than .

Because the storm was moving so fast when it reached the United Kingdom, the rain was not heavy. In Ireland, of rain fell in the city of Cork. Winds in the city were . Rainfall in the country peaked at in Wexford. The strongest winds were Force 8 on the Beaufort scale, meaning gale-force. Near the coast of Wales, a buoy recorded winds of , as strong as a small tropical storm. Late on October 6, Grace moved over Wales, bringing heavy rain and high winds. A ship called the "Cap Castillo" recorded winds of on October 5. At that time, the ship was about south of the storm's center.

In real time, Grace was not named as a tropical storm until it reached the latitude 41.2°N. This would have been the second farthest-north that a tropical storm formed in the Atlantic. Only Tropical Storm Alberto of 1988 had formed farther north. However, at the end of hurricane season, it was found that Grace actually became a tropical storm 12 hours earlier than people first thought. As a result, it formed at 38.5°N, which is further south. However, the storm's location was still unusual.

The NHC said that the formation of Grace was not predicted by meteorologists (weather men). The first mention of the low pressure area that became Grace said it would not become a tropical or subtropical storm. For three days, it was not mentioned in the NHC's tropical weather outlooks until just before it became a tropical cyclone. The lack of forecasts was blamed on the storm's unusual location.



Amar Osim

Amar Osim (born 18 July 1967) is a Bosnia and Herzegovina former football player. He is one of the most successful Bosnian-Herzegovinian football managers.

Željezničar 

JEF United Chiba 

Individual

Be Good to Me

"Be Good to Me" is a song on Ashley Tisdale's first album, "Headstrong". "Be Good to Me" was the first song released off the album. It was released in the United States on December 25, 2006 and in South America in January 2007. The album version has rap vocals by David Jassy.

Emperor Kameyama

Before he became the monarch, his personal name ("imina") was . The posthumous name of Kameyama comes from the place name of the emperor's tomb, in a section of Kyoto.

He was the seventh son of Emperor Go-Saga and the younger brother of Emperor Go-Fukakusa.

Kameyama was the father of 36 children, including the son and heir who became Emperor Go-Uda.


The Imperial Household Agency say the mausoleum ("misasagi") of Kameyama is in Kyoto. The emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine there.

The years of Kameyama's reign cover more than one era name.


National Diet Library

The is the only national library in Japan. It was established in 1948.

The purpose of the library is to assist members of the . The library is similar in purpose and scope to the U.S. Library of Congress.
The National Diet Library has two main facilities. One is in Tokyo and the other is in Kyoto. There are also several branch libraries in Japan.



Weight training

Weight training is a common type of strength training. It uses the force of gravity in the form of weighted bars, dumbbells or weight stacks to oppose the force generated by muscles. Weight training uses many different special things to help certain areas of muscle and different kinds of body motions.

"Weight training" is not bodybuilding, Olympic weightlifting, or "power-lifting"; these are sports and not training. Weight training is a part of these sports' training.

Weight training has many similarities with other kinds of strength training. Each uses the ideas of "repetitions" (or "reps"), "sets", "tempo", and "rest" in different kinds of body motions to increase strength.

For a certain body motion or exercise, "reps" are doing the motion again and again with no rest between.

A "set" is a number of reps and a time of rest. 3 sets of 10 reps would be doing the motion 10 times, resting, doing it again 10 times, resting, and doing it ten more times, then resting.

The "tempo" of an exercise means the speed one motion is done. A particular exercise may require you to move down then up, but one person may go down and come up in 2 seconds, while someone else may move slower and take 10 seconds. So 10 reps will take 20 seconds for the first person, but 100 seconds for the second. Most times slower motion is more difficult.

Rest has a no different meaning for weight training, but it is very important. During rest no motion is necessary. Different kinds of weight training use different rest times between sets. Some use as little as 30 seconds and others can use as much as 8 minutes.

Weight training has a similarity to bodybuilding, but they have different objectives. Bodybuilding uses weight training to help make muscles larger and good looking, without care for more strength. They train to make their muscles larger and get low levels of body fat. Many weight trainers train differently and for the result of being strong and doing difficult things for a long time while not thinking about dropping body fat far under normal.

Weight training is a safe kind of exercise when the motion is slow, controlled, and careful. In similarity to many things, doing it wrong or without care can result in hurting oneself.

Each different weight training exercise is used only for a certain muscle area or group of muscles. This muscle area is the "primary" muscle area for that certain exercise or motion. After several reps in a set, the motion will become difficult. People will then sometimes try to use other muscle areas to help the primary muscle area with the motion by jerking or making a small change in the motion. This is bad form. The reason this may hurt somebody is that these other areas may not be strong enough to move the same weight as the primary area, and they may be strained if used.

An example: in the squat exercise the person may sometimes use the back muscles if they are bent too far forward at the bottom of the motion. The squat exercise will use only the leg muscles if the person carefully keeps his back straight.

Many people who use weight training spend 5 minutes stretching their muscles using special stretching motions and body positions. There is scientific work that says stretching helps make the chance of hurting oneself smaller.

"Warming up" is also used to make the chance of hurting oneself smaller. A "warm-up" is a few sets of an exercise done before other exercises that are done at the much easier weight. These sets help move blood into the muscles and make lifting higher weight safer.

Good use of breath is another thing to think about. There is a very small chance of blackout or stroke if the person exercising is straining too much and they hold their breath while doing the motion of an exercise. This is why many advise breathing out during the difficult part of the motion (for example, when lifting breath out and breath in when coming down for many exercises).

As with many kinds of exercise, weight training people should drink enough water. Some say a weight training person should drink about 200ml of water every 15 minutes. Drinking a "sports drink" similar to Gatorade does not help more than water for water needs but may help with some kinds of salts that you may need after exercise. If a very large amount of water is used it is possible to drink too much water, so the use of care is important.

Some kinds of weight training exercise need a helper or "spotter" to help make the motion safe. For example the bench press. Because the weight is directly above the body, a "spotter" or helper is used by many people in this exercise. The helper will stand behind the head of the person doing the exercise. If after doing some of the exercises the person doing the exercise cannot move the weight, the "spotter" will help the person move the weight back up to the starting position by taking hold of the bar and lifting together with the person.

It is safe to do many exercises without a spotter. Many exercise machines are made to be safe for use alone. But it is always safer to do weight training exercise with other people near who can help if you get hurt.

If an exercise causes sudden very sharp pain, with similarity to being cut with a knife, that is bad pain and you should stop the exercise. But all weight training exercises will slowly cause muscles to be tired and cause small strain in the muscle area they use. When some people say "no pain no gain" they mean the tired feeling and small strain will help make you stronger. But sharp sudden pain is bad and may mean someone was hurt (this will not help you be stronger).

Being hurt this way may mean no "warm-up" was done.

Many people will get medical advice before starting weight training to make certain they are healthy enough to do the exercises. People who are old or who have needed medical help in the past should get medical advice before weight training.

Most people mean isotonic weight training when they talk about weight training. Isotonic lifting is done with a smooth tempo during the reps.

Plyometric weight training uses sudden motions to help people do things like jump higher or strike with more power. These are motions which must be done quickly and with power. Because these types of exercise may use jerking motion, it is more important to do a long warm-up and stretch before attempting these exercises.

An "isolation" exercise is made to use only one muscle or a small muscle area. A compound exercise is made to use a larger muscle area that uses more muscles. It is still good form to do a compound exercise that uses more than one muscle area if the exercise is made to use the other areas.

For example, a pull-up uses the muscles on top of the arm to help the back muscles in this exercise. It is a compound. A bicep curl uses only the muscles on the top of the arm. This is an isolation exercise.

Most isolation exercises are very special and need a special apparatus to help them. Compound exercises are more natural. An isolation exercise may be used when one muscle is less strong than others it is used within a compound motion. Also bodybuilders use isolation exercises to make good looking muscles.

Weight training strengthens bones, helping to prevent bone loss and osteoporosis. By increasing muscular strength and improving balance, weight training can reduce falls by elderly persons as well.

Weight training also is important to keep muscle strong when on a diet to drop fat. Without weight training or other strength training a person on a diet may lose muscle with the fat when they go down in weight.



Gang

A gang is a group of people who do things together. The word "gang" comes from the Old English "gan", which means "to go". It is also related to Old Norse "gangr" "a group of men". In modern times the word "gang" is often used to refer to a group of people who commit crimes together. Members of criminal gangs may be called gangsters.

There are several reasons why people join gangs. Lots of people who join gangs are young people. One reason that people join gangs is a chance to make money through doing things like selling illegal drugs, stealing and sex trafficking. Another reason, especially for younger people, is a chance to have a place where they belong. A third reason is boredom.

Gang members often use graffiti to tell other gangs that an area is part of their "territory" and that other gangs should stay away. Marking territory, usually with spray paint, is sometimes called "tagging," however tagging usually means messages by one person, called a tagger. Tagger graffiti promotes the individual and is usually more artistic. As well as being a “no trespassing” sign telling rival crews to stay away, gang graffiti can send other messages. Gang graffiti may be a message about future violence or criminal activity. Members of a gang often dress similarly or have the same tattoos.

Gang violence refers to illegal acts of violence performed by gangs. The violence may be against innocent people, property, or other gangs. Gang violence is extremely prevalent across the world in cities like Moscow, Detroit, Chicago and Los Angeles. Nearly every major city has seen gang violence at some point in its history.


Folk metal

Folk metal is a type of heavy metal music that started in Europe in the 1990s. This music is a mixture of heavy metal and traditional folk music. Many times, folk instruments are used in it. Sometimes traditional singing styles are also used.

The earliest example of folk metal was the English band Skyclad. Their first album, "The Wayward Sons of Mother Earth" was made in 1990. In 1994 and 1995 more folk metal bands appeared in Europe and Israel. Some of these early bands were the Irish band Cruachan, the Israeli band Orphaned Land, and the German band Subway to Sally. Each band started to develop their own type of folk metal. These styles became Celtic metal, Oriental metal and Medieval metal.

In the 1990s, folk metal was not well known and there were not many folk metal bands. In the early 2000s, folk metal became a lot more popular. It was very popular in Finland. Some folk metal bands in Finland were Ensiferum, Turisas, Korpiklaani, Finntroll and Moonsorrow.

Different bands play folk metal music in different ways. A lot of different instruments are also used. Many bands have six or more members so they can play many different instruments at the same time. A few bands also use keyboards to make the sound of folk instruments. Lyrics in folk metal are normally about nature, fantasy, mythology and history.

Ensiferum

Ensiferum is a folk metal band from Helsinki, Finland. The name comes from the Latin word "ensĭfĕrum" which means "sword bearer". (someone who carries a sword) The members of the band call their music "heroic folk metal." Ensiferum has made four albums, one EP, one compilation, three singles, and three demo albums.

Ensiferum's music has harsh vocals. They are normally mixed with clean vocals for choruses and bridges. The band often plays Metal and folk tunes on lead guitar or keyboard with heavier traditional heavy metal sounds such as gallop rhythm. It is common for them to use acoustic guitar at the start of songs. Their lyrics often deal with fantastical, or historic stories. These stories usually have heroic themes.


Kenichiro Tokura

Kenichiro Tokura (born 31 May 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

91||0||3||0||6||0||80||0
91||0||3||0||6||0||80||0

Gahkuch

Gahkuch is the capital city of the Ghizar District in Pakistan. It is at 36°10′N, 73°45′E.

Sicilian defence

The Sicilian defence, usually called just "the Sicilian", is a chess opening, which starts with these moves: 
In competitive chess, it is by far the most frequently played reply to the King's Pawn opening (1.e4).
Now Black decides where to put his KB: on e7 or g7; his QN will probably go to c6.

Instead of 3.f4, a slower game with 3.g3 followed by Bg2 and d3 could be chosen by White.


King's Gambit

The King's Gambit is a chess opening which starts with these moves:

The opening is called a gambit because White sacrifices a pawn. In exchange for the pawn, White gets better development and opens up lines that can be used to attack/checkmate the black king. It was more popular in the 1800s, when many Black players did not know good ways to play against it.


Celtic Sea

The Celtic Sea (; ; ; ) is the area of the Atlantic Ocean off the south coast of Ireland. To the east of it are the Saint George's Channel, the Bristol Channel, the English Channel, and the Bay of Biscay, as well as adjacent portions of Wales, Cornwall, Devon, and Brittany. The southern and western boundaries are based on the continental shelf.


Réti opening

The Réti opening (or just "the Réti") is a hypermodern chess opening. It starts with 1.Nf3. It was originally devised for sequences like

Now 2.g3 is as usual as 2.c4 in this opening. The opening can change into many others as pieces develop. This is called transposition.


Barbed wire

Barbed wire (also called barb wire) is a kind of wire that is used to make cheap fences. It has sharp metal points (barbs), which make climbing over it painful.

The first patent in the United States for barbed wire was issued in 1867 to Lucien B. Smith of Kent, Ohio, who is regarded as the inventor. Joseph Glidden of DeKalb, Illinois, received a patent for the modern invention in 1874 after he made his own modifications to previous versions. 

It was first used for controlling cattle and later in trench warfare, and in other places to stop people. Improvements led to the creation of Razor wire, in the 1960's.

Balanced budget amendment

A balanced budget amendment is a rule in the United States Constitution that requires the government's yearly budget to spend no more than it earns, so the government does not have to borrow money.

Some proposals of the balanced budget amendment allow the government to borrow money (spending more than it earns) during a time of emergency such as war, or if most people in Congress agree it is necessary.

Faggot

Faggot might mean:


Howard Staunton

Howard Staunton (1810 – 22 June 1874) was an English chess master. He was the world's strongest player from 1843 to 1851. This is based on his 1843 match victory over the strongest French player, Saint-Amant. Staunton was the main organizer of the first international chess tournament in London 1851. It was organised to help celebrate the 1851 Exhibition at Hyde Park. These events helped to make London the world's leading chess centre. The winner of the tournament, Anderssen, then became recognised as the world's strongest player.

Staunton ran a chess column in the "Illustrated London News" from 1845 to his death in 1874. He edited the "Chess Player's Chronicle", the first important chess magazine in English, from 1841 to 1854. He won matches against all the top players of the 1840s. 

In 1847 he entered a parallel career as a Shakespearean scholar. Ill health and his two writing careers led him to give up competitive chess after 1851. In 1858 attempts were made to organise a match between Staunton and Morphy, but they failed. Morphy's biographer alleged that Staunton misled Morphy to avoid the match, but Staunton said he had retired from serious play.

Staunton's understanding of positional (strategic) play was far ahead of his rivals. His chess articles and books were widely read, and encouraged the development of chess. His "Chess-Player's Handbook" (1847) was a standard text-book for decades. He played and popularised two of the most important modern openings, the Sicilian Defence, and the English Opening. Staunton was a controversial figure in his time, and his chess writings could be spiteful. There is no doubt that he was the supreme figure in the chess world of the mid-19th century. His books, and his writing for newspapers and magazines, had world-wide influence.

Nothing is known about his early life. It is not even known whether 'Howard Staunton' was his name at birth. Staunton's birth certificate has never been found; he claimed 1810 as his year of birth. His parents and his place of birth are unknown.

On 23 July 1849 Staunton married Frances Carpenter Nethersole, who had eight children by a previous marriage.

In 1849 Nathaniel Cook registered a chess set design, and Jaques of London got the manufacturing rights. Staunton advertised the new set in his "Illustrated London News" chess column, pointing out that the pieces were easily identifiable, very stable, and good-looking. At the start, the label for each box was signed by Staunton in ink; later, his signature was printed on the Jacques label. He was paid by Jaques not just for his signature, but also for the plugs he put in the Illustrated London News. Each set sold brought him a fee. The design became popular, and 'Staunton pattern' sets been the standard for competitive events ever since.

Staunton was twenty-six when he took a serious interest in chess. In 1838 he played many games with Captain Evans, the inventor of the Evans Gambit, and also lost a match against the German chess writer Aaron Alexandre. He had improved sufficiently by 1840 to win a match against the German master H.W. Popert. From May to December 1840 Staunton edited a chess column for the "New Court Gazette". He then became chess editor of the magazine "British Miscellany", and his chess column developed into a separate magazine, the "Chess Player's Chronicle", which Staunton owned and edited until the early 1850s.

Early in 1843 Staunton prevailed in a long series of games against John Cochrane, a strong player. A little later that year he lost a short match (2½-3½) in London against the visiting French player Saint-Amant, who was the best French player at that time.

Staunton challenged Saint-Amant to a longer match to be played in Paris at the Café de la Régence for a stake of £100 (equivalent to about £75,000 today). Staunton took Thomas Worrall and Harry Wilson to Paris as his assistants; this is the first known case where seconds were used in a chess match. Staunton gained a seven-game lead but then struggled to keep it before winning the match 13-8 (eleven wins, four draws, and six losses) in December 1843.

Saint-Amant wanted a third match, but Staunton was initially unwilling as he had developed heart trouble during the second match. After a long, difficult negotiation, which he reported in the "Chess Player's Chronicle", Staunton went to Paris intending to start their third match in October 1844, but he caught pneumonia while traveling and almost died; the match was postponed and never took place.

Several modern commentators regard Staunton as "de facto" World Champion after his match victory over Saint-Amant, although that title did not yet formally exist.<ref name="H/W">Hooper D. and Whyld K. 1992. "The Oxford companion to chess". 2nd ed, Oxford. p390 </ref>
In 1845 Staunton began a chess column for the "Illustrated London News", which became the most influential chess column in the world and which he continued for the rest of his life. Although his articles mostly focused on over-the-board play, a significant number featured correspondence chess. Some followed with enthusiasm the progress of promising youngsters, including Paul Morphy. Staunton produced over 1,400 weekly articles for the "Illustrated London News".
The first chess match by electric telegraph took place in 1844, between Washington and Baltimore. In April 1845 Staunton and Captain Kennedy travelled to Gosport to play two games by telegraph against a group in London. Staunton took a long-term interest in this solution to the difficulties of travel, and reported telegraph games in the "Illustrated London News". In 1871 his report of a telegraphic match between Sydney and Adelaide calculated that the 74 moves of the longest game had traveled a total of 220,000 miles (not much less than the distance between Earth and Moon).

In 1847 Staunton published his most famous work, "The Chess-Player's Handbook", which is still in print. It contained over 300 pages of opening analysis, and almost 100 pages of endgame analysis. He still found time for two matches in 1846, comfortably beating two professionals.

Staunton proposed and then took the lead in organizing the first ever international tournament in 1851. He thought the Great Exhibition of 1851 presented a unique opportunity, because the difficulties that blocked international participation would be greatly reduced.

The committee had also organized a 'London Provincial Tournament' for other British players, and promoted some of the entrants to play in the International Tournament to get the right number of players for a knock-out tournament.

The tournament was a success, but disappointing for Staunton personally; in the second round he was knocked out by Anderssen, who won the tournament convincingly; and in the play-off for third place Staunton was narrowly beaten by Elijah Williams. Perhaps Staunton over-stretched himself by acting as both a competitor and the Secretary of the organizing committee. In 1852 Staunton published his book "The Chess Tournament", which recounted in detail the efforts required to make the London International Tournament happen and presented all the games with his comments on the play.

The London Chess Club, which had fallen out with Staunton and his colleagues, organized a tournament that was played a month later and had a multi-national set of players, many of whom had competed in Staunton's tournament. The result was the same – Anderssen won.

In the mid-1850s Staunton got a contract to edit the text of Shakespeare. This edition appeared in parts from 1857 to 1860; the work was praised in reviews.

While Staunton was busy with the Shakespeare edition, he received a courteous letter from the New Orleans Chess Club, inviting him to that city to play Paul Morphy, who had won the first American Chess Congress. Staunton replied, thanking the Club and Morphy "for the honour implied in your selection of me as the opponent of such a champion". Staunton pointed out that he had not competed for several years and was working six days a week (on editing Shakespeare), and so he could not possibly travel across the Atlantic for a match. He also wrote in the "Illustrated London News" that he 
Chess historian H.J.R. Murray wrote that Staunton's letter and article should have been interpreted as a courteous refusal of the offer, but that Morphy interpreted them differently, and one of the main reasons for his visit to Europe in 1858 was the hope of playing a match with Staunton.

Upon arriving in England in June 1858, Morphy promptly challenged Staunton to a match. At first, Staunton declined Morphy's offer saying that the challenge came too late. Morphy did not give up negotiations and urging Staunton to play. In early July Staunton agreed provided he was given time to get back into practice, and provided that he could manage all this without breaking the publication contract for his Shakespearean work. In early August, Morphy wrote asking Staunton when the match could occur, and Staunton asked again for a delay of some weeks. Just before Staunton left London for Birmingham, his old enemy George Walker published an article accusing him of trying to delay the match indefinitely, and Staunton received another letter from Morphy pressing him to name a date for the match. Staunton and Morphy met socially in Birmingham and, after a tense discussion, Staunton agreed to play in early November. In September the "Illustrated London News" printed both a complimentary full-page article about Morphy and a complimentary mention of him in its chess column. On 6 October 1858, while in Paris Morphy wrote Staunton an open letter which was also circulated to several publications, in which Morphy complained about Staunton's conduct. Staunton replied on 9 October, re-stating the difficulties he faced, but now giving them as reasons to cancel the match. On 23 October, Staunton published his entire reply along with a partial copy of Morphy's open letter. The main criticism against Staunton was never his failure to play Morphy. As Lord Lyttleton put it in a letter to Morphy:

Staunton continued writing the chess column in "Illustrated London News" until his death in 1874, greeting new developments with enthusiasm. In 1860 he published "Chess Praxis", a supplement to his 1847 work "The Chess Player's Handbook". The new book devoted 168 pages to presenting many of Morphy's games and praised the American's play. Five years later Staunton published "Great Schools of England" (1865), whose main subject was the history of major English public schools but which also presented some progressive ideas: learning can only take place successfully if the active interest of the student is engaged; corporal punishment is to be avoided and fagging should be abolished. Most of his later life was spent in writing about Shakespeare, including: a photo lithographic reproduction of the 1600 "Much Ado about Nothing" in 1864 and of the first folio of Shakespeare in 1866. He wrote articles on "Unsuspected corruptions of Shakespeare's text", published from 1872 to his death. All these works were highly regarded at the time. When he died suddenly of heart disease, on 22 June 1874, he was at his desk writing one of these papers. At the same time he was also working on his last chess book, "Chess: theory and practice", which was published posthumously in 1876.

A memorial plaque now hangs at his old residence of 117 Lansdowne Road, London W11. In 1997 a memorial stone bearing an engraving of a chess knight was raised over his grave at Kensal Green Cemetery in London, which had previously been unmarked and neglected.

Syncope

Syncope is the medical term for fainting or blacking out. It is a sudden loss of consciousness, usually for a short time. It is mostly because there is not enough oxygen in the brain. It can be for other reasons. 

Fainting is quite common. It usually happens in two age ranges: the teenage years, and during older age. The chance of a person fainting at least once in a lifetime is about 40 to 50 percent. Syncope causes 1 to 3 percent of all attendances to emergency departments and 1 to 6 percent of all hospital admissions.

English opening

The English Opening, usually just called "the English", is a chess opening for White. It has become the third most popular opening move, after 1.e4 and 1.d4. The opening was developed by the English master Howard Staunton and played in his match against Saint-Amant.
As a first move, this may transpose into a Queen's Pawn Game: 1.c4 Nf6 2.d4. That would not be the English opening. The English is a flexible system that includes some or all of these moves:
1.c4 Nf6 2.Nc3 g6 3.g3 Bg7 4.Bg2 0-0 5.d3 d6 6.Nf3 e5 7.0-0 Nc6 8.Rb1 a5 9.a3 h6 10.b4 axb4 11.axb4 Be6 12.b5 This sequence shows the system fully in operation. White operates in the centre and Q-side; Black operates more on the K-side.

1.c4 e5 2.g3 Nf6 3.Bg2 d5 4.cxd5 Nxd5 5.Nf3 Nc6 6.d3 This has the character of a Sicilian defence reversed.

1.c4 Nf6 2.Nc3 e6 3.e4 d5 4.cxd5 exd5 5.e5 Here 5...d4, 5...Ne4 and 5...Nfd7 are most often played. This is a quite different line, where the two sides clash early in the centre. Since White does not have to play 3.e4, he could avoid this line.

Each of these lines has its own distinct character, and needs to be learnt by the player.

Sebastián Pardo

Sebastián Pardo (born 1 January 1982) is a former Chilean football player. He has played for the Chilean national team.

57||3
87||11
144||14

!Total||1||0

Goran Rubil

Goran Rubil (born 9 March 1981) is a Croatian football player. He plays for Hajduk Split.

19||1
11||0
65||5
95||6


Carlos Alberto Dias

Carlos Alberto Costa Dias (born 5 May 1967) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

113||20
42||20
155||40

!Total||1||0

Claiton (footballer, born 1978)

Claiton Alberto Fontoura dos Santos, (born 25 January 1978) better known as Claiton, is a Brazilian football manager and former player who played as a midfielder.







Reinaldo Vicente Simão

Reinaldo Vicente Simão (born 23 October 1968) is a former Brazilian football player.

50||10||2||0||20||1||72||11
50||10||2||0||20||1||72||11

Ovidiu Burcă

Ovidiu Burcă (born 16 March 1980) is a Romanian football player. He plays for Energie Cottbus.

6||0
20||1
110||2
7||0
15||1
158||4


Jussiê

Jussiê Ferreira Vieira (born 19 September 1983) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Girondins Bordeaux.

58||13
17||5
126||21
201||39


Oh Jang-eun

Oh Jang-Eun (born 24 July 1985) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

13||0||1||0||8||0||colspan="2"|-||22||0
103||15||9||3||35||0||4||2||151||20
116||15||10||3||43||0||4||2||173||20

!Total||10||0

Caíco

Caíco (born 15 May 1974) is a Brazilian football player.

13||1||0||0||11||3||24||4
13||1||0||0||11||3||24||4

Argélico Fuchs

Argélico Fuchs, previously Argélico Fucks, (born 14 September 1974) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

73||5
32||0
93||7
2||0
22||1
222||13

!Total||1||0

Henrique (footballer, born 1966)

Henrique Arlindo Etges (born 15 March 1966) is a former Brazilian football player.

20||0||0||0||3||0||23||0
20||0||0||0||3||0||23||0

Moacir Rodrigues Santos

Moacir Rodrigues Santos (born 21 March 1970) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil's national team.

Emerson Orlando de Melo

Emerson Orlando de Melo (born 2 March 1973) is a former Brazilian football player.

7||0||3||0||0||0||10||0
7||0||3||0||0||0||10||0

Claudio Ubeda

Claudio Ubeda (born 17 September 1969) is a former Argentinian football player.



Christoffer Andersson

Christoffer Andersson (born 22 October 1978) is a Swedish football player. He plays for Helsingborg.

255||27
63||3
7||0
325||30

!Total||24||0

Kengen

, also known as "Kangen" or "Ken'ei," was a after "Shōan" and before "Kagen." This period started in November 1302 and ended in August 1303. During this time, the emperor was .




Jimmy Connors

James Scott "Jimmy" Connors (born September 2, 1952, in East St. Louis, Illinois, also known as "Jimbo") is an American retired tennis player. He was the World No. 1 tennis player. He won the Australian Open, Wimbledon and the US Open. He was coached by Pancho Segura.

Westport, Connecticut

Westport is a town in South Western Connecticut, United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 27,141 people lived there.

Wofford College

Wofford College is a liberal arts college in Spartanburg, South Carolina and currently has about 1,500 students. Wofford's motto is ""Intaminatis fulget honoribus"" which means in English (""She shines with untarnished honor""). Wofford's mascot is the terrier and their colors are old gold and black.


Net

Net can refer to:

In computing and communications, it can also refer to

Enkyō (Kamakura period)

, also known as "Enkei" or "Enkyū", was a after "Tokuji" and before "Ōchō." This period started in October 1308 and ended in April 1311. During this time, the emperor was .

The "nengō" "Enkyō" means "Becoming Prolonged" because of the tail of the great comet which was seen in the night sky of 1308.

Retired former-Emperor Fushimi administered the court up through the time he took the tonsure as a Buddhist monk, which happened after this "nengō" ended.

An early version of The Tale of the Heike ("Heike monogatori") has been traced to a draft written during this era.



Preparatory school

A preparatory school (or "prep school") is a term in school education. Its use varies in different parts of the world.

OR gate

The OR gate is a logic gate that outputs 1 (true) when at least one of its inputs is 1 (true). That means that if both of its inputs are 0, the output will be 0.

The best way to remember an OR operation is "one or the other, or both."

There are three symbols for the OR gate:

Ōchō

Retired former-Emperor Fushimi administered the court up through the time he took the tonsure as a Buddhist monk, which happened after this "nengō" ended.

After this era, the Fujiwara clan influence becomes so powerful that they are able to keep others below them in rank.



NOR gate

The NOR gate is a logic gate that outputs 1 (true) when both of its inputs are 0 (false). That means that if at least one of its inputs is 1 (true), the output will be 0.

The best way to remember a NOR operation is "neither one or the other, nor both."

There are three symbols for the NOR gate:

XOR gate

The XOR gate (Exclusive OR) is a logic gate that outputs 1 (true) when exactly one of its inputs is 1 (true). That means that if both of its inputs are the same, the output will be 0 (false). The XOR gate does what is called an exclusive disjunction in logic.

There are three symbols for the XOR gate:

Income tax

Taxes that are based on how much money a person earns are called income taxes. There are many other sorts of taxes on businesses and property.

Now most countries have some sort of income tax. It is usually only for people who live in the country. How it is done varies a great deal both between countries and over time. Income tax can only work in a money economy, with reasonably accurate accounts and in an orderly society with reliable records. Income tax is generally worked out a percentage of a persons income. There may be an amount of income which is not taxed. The rate may be higher for people who have income above a set amount. It is usually worked out on a yearly basis. 

For people who are employed the income tax is generally taken out of their pay by their employer who pays it to the government. People who run their own business have to produce accounts. 

The first modern income tax was started in 1799 in Great Britain by Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger in his budget of December 1798, to pay for weapons and equipment for the French Revolutionary War. Pitt's income tax began at 2 old pence in the pound () on incomes over £60 (worth about £5,500 in ), up to 2 shillings in the pound (10%) on incomes of over £200. Pitt hoped that the new income tax would raise £10 million a year, but in1799 it only raised a little over £6 million.

Hollywood Undead

Hollywood Undead is a rap rock band from Los Angeles, California. They became a band in 2005 when members Aron Erlichman (Deuce) and Jorel Decker (J-Dog) released the song "The Kids" on their MySpace account. Their first album "Swan Songs" was released in 2008 and became a hit claiming Gold in the United States. 



Studio albums:


Erik Edman

Erik Edman (born 11 November 1978) is a Swedish football player. He plays for Helsingborg and the Swedish national team.

82||1
0||0
8||0
91||1
41||1
68||0
290||3

!Total||57||1

Magnus Hedman

Magnus Hedman (born 19 March 1973) is a former Swedish football player. He has played for Sweden national team.

127||0
134||0
26||0
3||0
290||0

!Total||58||0

Ludovic Magnin

Ludovic Magnin (born 20 April 1979) is a former Swiss football player. He played as a left-back for the Switzerland national team, Yverdon Sport, FC Lugano, Werder Bremen, VfB Stuttgart, and FC Zürich. He is now manager of SC Rheindorf Altach in the Austrian Bundesliga.

143||2
148||6
291||8

!Total||62||3

Takashi Umeda

Takashi Umeda (born 30 May 1976) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Oita Trinita.

303||21||27||3||26||1||356||25
303||21||27||3||26||1||356||25


Yohei Fukumoto

54||0||5||0||11||0||2||0||72||0
54||0||5||0||11||0||2||0||72||0

Marcelo Chamusca

Marcelo Chamusca (born 7 October 1966) is a Brazilian football manager. His brother is Péricles Chamusca. From 2004 until 2009, he was a coach at the club Péricles Chamusca managed (São Caetano, Goiás, Botafogo, Oita Trinita).







Manabu Komatsubara

Manabu Komatsubara (born 2 April 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

Shinichi Terada

Shinichi Terada (born 10 June 1985) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Yokohama.

62||5||14||5||13||2||6||0||95||12
62||5||14||5||13||2||6||0||95||12


Naruyuki Naito

253||8||17||2||45||2||315||12
253||8||17||2||45||2||315||12

Július Bielik

Július Bielik (born 8 March 1962) is a former Slovak football player. He has played for Czechoslovakia national team.

304||9
20||1
54||3
378||13

!Total||18||0

Tigran Petrosian

Tigran Petrosian (Tbilisi, Georgia, 17 June 1929 – Moscow, 13 August 1984) was World Chess Champion from 1963 to 1969. He was born to Armenian parents, and brought up in the capital of Armenia, Yerevan. Before his chess career, he was a street cleaner.

Petrosian got the USSR national master title in 1947, and his chess improved rapidly when he moved to Moscow that year. By coming second in the 1951 USSR championship he qualified for the FIDE Interzonal tournament in Stockholm next year. There, he qualified for the World Championship Candidates tournament in Zurich 1953. He came fifth, and was awarded the title of International Grandmaster.<ref name="H/W">Hooper D. and Whyld K. 1992. "The Oxford companion to chess". 2nd ed, Oxford University Press.</ref>

Years followed when he made no visible progress, and others had the chance to challenge for the world title. Vasily Smyslov and Mikhail Tal both won the world title, yet lost it back to Botvinnik in return matches. At last, in 1962, Tigran won the Candidates tournament, and became the new challenger to Botvinnik. Petrosian also won the very strong Soviet Championship four times, in 1959 (Tbilisi), 1961 (Moscow), 1969 (Moscow), and 1975 (Yerevan).

Before the title match started, FIDE changed the rules so that somebody who lost the world championship in a match would not automatically get a return match. The rule that allowed for return matches had been criticised for giving Botvinnik too great an advantage over his rivals.

In the match Petrosian started shakily, losing the first game and just escaping with a draw in the second game. From then on he was in control, and won the match (best of 24 games) by +5 –2 =15. In 1966 he defended the title against Boris Spassky, and won 12½–11½. The victory was rather more emphatic than the score suggests. In 1969 Spassky was again the challenger, and this time Petrosian lost 10½–12½.

Petrosian played in every world championship cycle from 1951 to 1980, when he lost a quarter-final match against his old enemy, Viktor Korchnoi.

Petrosian's record in Chess Olympiads was unsurpassed. He played for the USSR in nine Olympiads, and this is a summary of his overall results: +79 –1 =50.

Petrosian was one of those players who set out to stifle the opponent's chances before they take action themselves. He was a student of Nimzovich's ideas of prophylaxis. Capablanca was another such player, but his chess was pure and simple. Petrosian's was profound and complex. He has been much admired by grandmasters, but was not so popular with lesser players. Like Capablanca, he was somewhat lazy, and did not strive to win every game. At his peak, he was the best player in the world at manoeuvring in complex positions, and an outstanding endgame player.


Mikkel Kessler

Mikkel Kessler (born March 1, 1979 in Copenhagen) is a Danish professional boxer. His nickname is "The Viking Warrior". Kessler won the WBA Super Middleweight regular title on June 21, 2008, beating Dimitri Sartison by a 12th round knockout. Kessler defended his title against Danilo Häussler, on October 25, and against Gusmyl Perdomo on 12 September 2009. On November 21, 2009 Kessler lost his championship to Andre Ward in the Super Six World Boxing Classic tournament. Kessler's next fight will be against Carl Froch.


Line-item veto

A line-item veto is the power of the president (or any leader of an executive branch) to reject (veto) certain individual parts ("line items") of a piece of legislation (a bill) without rejecting the whole thing.

In the United States, almost all governors (leaders of the U.S. states) are able to use the line item veto. Currently, the President of the United States is not able to use the line-item veto; however, the Presidents of Brazil and Belarus can. President Bill Clinton was given the line-item veto by the United States Congress for a few years until the Supreme Court said that it was unconstitutional.

People who like the line-item veto say that it is good because it allows the President to remove unimportant waste from important legislation. For example, it would be too dangerous to completely veto big pieces of legislation (like the budget for the military or the budget for other government departments), but with the line-item veto, the President could choose to keep what he or she thinks are the good parts of the bill and reject the bad parts of the bill.

People who do not like the line-item veto say that it is bad because it gives the President too much power over Congress and believe that it goes against the checks and balances created by the U.S. Constitution. Other criticisms include the possibility that the president's individual vetoes of line items make the bill different than what Congress voted for.


Milton Friedman

Milton Friedman (July 31, 1912 – November 16, 2006) was an American economist. He believed in monetarism. Monetarism is the theory that how much money the government prints each year has a huge effect on the economy. He supported the government printing the same low rate of money each year rather than a different amount each year.

Friedman was born in Brooklyn, New York to a Hungarian-Jewish family. He was raised in Rahway, New Jersey. Friedman studied at Rutgers University, at Columbia University, and at the University of Chicago. He worked thirty years in Chicago with George Stigler as a leader of the Chicago school of economics.

During the 1970s, Milton Friedman's idea of monetarism gained popularity and he became an economic advisor to President Ronald Reagan.

Friedman believed that the government control over the economy should be limited. He supported cutting taxes, lowering government spending, getting rid of government rules that limited the economy and letting parents choose which school their taxes paid for. His political views were libertarian. He was against forcing people to join the army, and said that getting rid of United States military conscription was the thing he was most proud of doing.

Throughout several decades, Friedman made many documentaries, books, and interviews to express his views to the public. The main books he wrote were "Capitalism and Freedom" and "Free to Choose".

Friedman married Rose Director in 1938. Together, they had a son and a daughter. He was agnostic.

Friedman died of heart failure in San Francisco, California, aged 94. He was survived by his wife and his two children. His remains were cremated and scattered over the San Francisco Bay area.


Electron configuration

An electron configuration is the arrangement of electrons within an atom. The electron configuration describes where the electrons are inside orbitals. The structure of the Periodic table of elements is partly based on electron configuration.

There are four kinds of electron configurations: s, p, d, and f orbitals. Each orbital can house a maximum of 2 electrons. S orbitals are roughly sphere-shaped, p orbitals are polar and shaped like a dumbbell, d orbitals are usually shaped like a four-leaf clover, and f orbitals form a mathematically complex shape. Orbitals can have different energy levels. For example 1s is a low energy sphere-shaped orbital while 3s is a higher energy sphere-shaped orbital. An atom can have more than one orbital; in fact, all except hydrogen do. Similarly, atoms can have more than one of each kind of orbital.

The electron configurations fill up with electrons in an unchanging order. They describe how the electrons behave and orbit the nucleus.

Asuka period

The , sometimes called "Suikochō-jidai" ("period of the Suiko court"), was a time in the history of Japan which lasted from around 538 through about 710. There is some overlap with the Kofun period which came before. There is also some overlap with the Nara period, which comes after. 

The Asuka period is named after the Asuka region, about 25 km south to the modern city of Nara. 




Marie Byrd Land

Marie Byrd Land is a part of Antarctica. It is between the Unclaimed Ross Ice Shelf and the Ross Sea to the west and the Pacific Ocean to the north. It goes towards the east to a line between the head of the Ross Ice Shelf and Eights Coast. It stretches between 158°W and 103°24'W. The area between the Rockefeller Plateau and Eights Coast is included. This is because Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd had an important role in its exploration. Admiral Byrd named the territory in 1929. It was in honour of his wife. He applied the name to the territory that was explored in that year.

The area is very remote, even for Antarctica. Because of this, most of it (the east part of 150°W) has not been claimed by any country. The territory is not a nation itself. Because of this, it is the largest single unclaimed territory on Earth. Together with Eights Coast, immediately to the east of Marie Byrd Land, it has an area of 1,610,000 km².

In 1939, US President Franklin D. Roosevelt told members of an Antarctic expedition to claim some Antarctic territory. Members of this expedition and later ones seemed to do so, but no official claims were made before 1959, when the Antarctic Treaty System was set up. Some maps in the United States have shown this as US territory. The Defense Department of the US Government has also said that there was a solid basis for a claim for the territory. This was because of the activities there before 1959. 

The portion west of 150°W is part of Ross Dependency.

There are five areas, which are listed from west to east:

Marie Byrd Land hosted the Operation Deep Freeze base Byrd Station (NBY; 80°S, 119°W). This began in 1957, in the hinterland of Bakutis Coast. Byrd Station was the only big base in the interior of West Antarctica for many years. In 1968, the first ice core to fully go through the Antarctic Ice Sheet was drilled here. The year-round station was left in 1972. Between 1972 and 2008, the station was only occupied during the summer months. It was named again as Byrd Surface Camp. Byrd Station was opened again in 2009-2010. This was to support operations in northern West Antarctica.

Byrd Station provided a template for the doomed Antarctic base in the horror movie "John Carpenter's The Thing".

In 1998 and 1999, a camp was operated at the Ford Ranges (FRD) in western Marie Byrd Land. The camp supported a part of an US Antarctic Program (USAP) airborne survey. The survey was started by UCSB. It was supported by the University of Texas Institute for Geophysics.

In 2004-05, a large camp, Thwaites (THW), was made by the USAP 150 km north of NBY. This was in order to support a large airborne geophysical survey of eastern Marie Byrd Land by the University of Texas Institute for Geophysics.

In 2006, an important encampment, WAIS Divide (WSD) was made on the divide between the Ross Sea Embayment and the Amundsen Sea Embayment. This was in easternmost Marie Byrd Land. This was made in order to drill a high resolution ice core over the next three years.

On Ruppert Coast of Marie Byrd Land is the Russian station Russkaya. It was occupied 1980-1990. It is also used as a summer-only station. 

American Ornithologists' Union

The American Ornithologists' Union (AOU) is an ornithological organization. It is found in the USA. Its members are mainly professional ornithologists. It is similar to the National Audubon Society, except its members are mainly amateur birders. It is a member of the Ornithological Council.

It was founded in September 1883 by Elliott Coues, Joel Asaph Allen, and William Brewster.

It has a journal, called "The Auk". It is published four times a year. It has been published since January, 1884. Some of its other big publications are the "AOU Checklist of North American Birds" and a series, "Ornithological Monographs". The AOU Checklist of North American Birds is the standard reference for the field.

The South American Classification Committee (SACC) is a committee under the AOU. It deals with creating a standard classification, with English names. This is for the bird species of South America.


Freedom, New Hampshire

Freedom is a small town in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. It is near the Ossipee lake shores.


Constantinople Conference

The 1876–1877 Constantinople Conference (or ‘Shipyard Palace Conference’, from the conference venue) of the Great Powers (Britain, Russia, France, Germany, Austria-Hungary and Italy) was held in Istanbul (Constantinople) from 23 December 1876 until 20 January 1877. Following the Herzegovinian Rebellion started in 1875 and the Bulgarian Uprising in April 1876, the Great Powers agreed on a project for political reforms both in Bosnia and in the Ottoman territories with a majority Bulgarian population.

The Great Powers were represented at the conference respectively by:


Of these, Lord Salisbury, Count de Chaudordy and Baron von Calice were Ambassadors Plenipotentiary to the conference, while Count Ignatyev, Sir Henry Elliot, Count de Bourgoing, Baron von Werther, Count Zichy and Count Corti were the resident Ambassadors of their countries in Constantinople.

The US Consul General in Constantinople, Eugene Schuyler also took an active part in drafting the conference decisions.

The Ottoman Empire was represented at the conference by:

Mithat Pasha was the Grand Vizier (First Minister), and Saffet Pasha the Foreign Minister of Turkey. Although the Turkish representatives participated in the plenaries of the conference, they were not invited to the preceding working sessions at which the Great Powers negotiated their agreement.

Lord Salisbury and Count Ignatyev played a leading role in the process. Ignatyev was trying to dispel British misgivings about Russia’s assumed role of a protector of the Orthodox Slavs being but a disguise of its drive to take over the Bosporus and Constantinople itself and thus – as Prime Minister Disraeli feared – potentially threaten the vital Mediterranean routes to British India. On his part, Salisbury saw the conference as a promising opportunity for mapping out a comprehensive deal with Russia over their conflicting territorial ambitions in Central Asia.

The conference envisaged the creation of an autonomous province including Bosnia and most of Herzegovina, while a southern part of the latter was to be ceded to Montenegro.

The Great Powers agreed on a substantial Bulgarian autonomy to take the form of two new Ottoman provinces (vilayets) established for the purpose: Eastern, with capital Tarnovo, and Western, with capital Sofia.

The conference determined that, as of the late 19th century, the Bulgarian ethnic territories within the Ottoman Empire extended to the Danube Delta in the northeast, Kastoria in the southwest, Kirklareli and Edirne in the southeast, and Niš in the northwest. These territories were to be incorporated into the two Bulgarian autonomous provinces as follows:

The Great Powers elaborated in detail the constitutional, legislative, executive, defense and law enforcement arrangements, cantonal administrative system, taxation, international supervision etc. for the proposed autonomous provinces.

The agreed decisions of the six Great Powers were formally handed over to the Ottoman Government on 23 December 1876, dismissing the opening Turkish suggestions that the Conference's mission might have been obviated by a new Ottoman Constitution approved by Sultan Abdul Hamid II that same day. In the subsequent conference plenary sessions Turkey submitted objections and alternative reform proposals that were rejected by the Great Powers, and attempts to bridge the gap did not succeed. Eventually, on 18 January 1877 Grand Vizier Mithat Pasha announced the definitive refusal of Turkey to accept the conference decisions.

The failure of the Ottoman Government to implement the decisions of the Constantinople Conference triggered the 1877–1878 Russo-Turkish War, depriving at the same time Turkey – in contrast to the preceding 1853–1856 Crimean War – from Western support.

Tsarigrad Peak in Imeon Range on Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after the conference (‘Tsarigrad’ being the old Bulgarian name for Constantinople).



Demetri Martin

Demetri Martin (born May 25, 1973) is a Greek-American comedian, actor, artist, musician, writer and humorist. He was born in New York City and grew up in Toms River, New Jersey. 

Martin is best known for his work as a stand-up comedian and as a contributor on "The Daily Show". He hosted his own show on Comedy Central called "Important Things with Demetri Martin".

Indian Removal Act

The Indian Removal Act was a law in the United States that was passed in 1830. It was introduced by Hugh White and became a law when President Andrew Jackson signed it. It gave the President the power to force Native American tribes to move to land west of the Mississippi River. Not all American citizens liked the law. Davy Crockett, a Congressman from Tennessee, hated the law. Some tribes signed treaties with the United States and moved; others fought with the government, including the Cherokee Nations, which was forced to march west in 1838. Their trip west is now called the "Trail of Tears".


John Wall

John Wall (born September 6, 1990) is an American basketball player who plays the position of point guard for the Washington Wizards of the NBA. He is 6'4", and played college basketball for the University of Kentucky before joining the NBA. On April 7, 2010, he announced that he will enter the 2010 NBA Draft after playing in college for one year. The Washington Wizards chose Wall with the first pick in the NBA Draft on June 24, 2010.

The hip-hop group, Troop 41 released the single, "Do the John Wall" which features the "John Wall dance", where the person flexes their arms and twists their wrists.


Don Goodman

Don Goodman (born 9 May 1966) is a former English football player.

Ricardo Cabanas

Ricardo Cabanas (born 17 January 1979) is a Swiss football player. He plays for Grasshopper Zürich. He played with the national teams of Switzerland (official games) and Galicia (friendly matches)

251||53
17||0
41||2
309||55

!Total||51||4

Yuki Maki

Yuki Maki (born 26 June 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Nagoya Grampus Eight.

41||3||6||1||16||5||5||1||68||10
41||3||6||1||16||5||5||1||68||10


Casting Crowns

Casting Crowns is a Grammy Award winning Christian rock band. Casting Crowns was started in 1999 by a pastor named Mark Hall in Downtown Daytona Beach, Florida as part of a youth group. Later, they moved to Georgia and more members joined, creating the band that is now known as Casting Crowns. Some members of the band currently work as ministers for Eagles Landing First Baptist Church.

Shigeyoshi Suzuki

Suzuki was born in Fukushima Prefecture on October 13, 1902. He was a founding member of the football team at Waseda University High School in 1921, and a founding member of the Waseda University football team in 1924. At Waseda, he played with many Japan national team players including Haruo Arima, Misao Tamai, Tamotsu Asakura, Shigeru Takahashi, Shojiro Sugimura, Nagayasu Honda, Ko Takamoro and Michiyo Taki.

In August 1927, Suzuki was selected the Japan national team at the Far Eastern Championship Games in Shanghai. At this competition, on August 27, he debuted as captain against the Republic of China. On August 29, he also played and scored a goal against the Philippines, and Japan won this match, its first victory in an "International A Match". Suzuki played 2 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1927.

In 1930, Suzuki became manager for the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo. He led Japan to the champions. In 1936, he became manager for Japan again and managed at 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin. Japan completed a come-from-behind victory against Sweden. The first victory in Olympics for the Japan and the historic victory over one of the powerhouses became later known as "Miracle of Berlin" () in Japan. In 2016, this team was selected to the Japan Football Hall of Fame.

After World War II, Suzuki became an executive in the insurance industry. He died on December 20, 1971 at the age of 69. In 2007, he was selected to the Japan Football Hall of Fame.

!Total||2||1


Danny Blind

Danny Blind (born 1 August 1961) is a former Dutch football player. He played for Netherlands national team. Blind is the father of professional footballer Daley Blind, who has played for Ajax and Manchester United. His son is also a Dutch international, and is one of their ten most featured players of all time with over 100 caps.

Individual


The Zephyr Song

"The Zephyr Song" is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. It is the second single from the band's eighth studio album, "By the Way". It was released on August 17, 2002.

Amtrak

Amtrak (AMTK, AMTZ) is a passenger train company in the United States. It uses many different types of trains to carry people between more than 500 cities. The United States Government owns and created this company. Originally started on May 1st, 1971 as the National Railroad Passenger Corporation (NRPC), any railroad operating intercity passenger service could contract with the NRPC, and join it.

When Amtrak was first formed, they received no railroad tracks, nor any right-of-way as of its formation. All railroad services were continuations of previous services.

Dirk Lehmann

Dirk Lehmann (born 16 August 1971) is a former German football player.

Zé Roberto (footballer, born 1980)

José Roberto de Oliveira (born 9 December 1980) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Schalke.

"according to sources on."

Robert (footballer, born 1985)

Robert Pereira da Silva (born 10 April 1985) is a former Brazilian football player.

1||0||0||0||1||0||2||0
1||0||0||0||1||0||2||0

Atlético Clube Goianiense

Atlético Goianiense is a Brazilian soccer club.

Ricardinho (footballer, born May 1984)

José Ricardo dos Santos Oliveira (born 19 May 1984) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Botafogo-SP.

Paulo Jamelli

Paulo Roberto Jamelli Júnior (born 22 July 1974) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.


Eugène Terre'Blanche

Eugène Ney Terre'Blanche (January 31, 1941 – April 3, 2010) was a Boer-Afrikaner who founded the Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging (AWB). He was born in Ventersdorp, South Africa. During the apartheid regime, and afterwards, he fought for Afrikaner separatism. He had convictions for illegally possessing weapons, assault and attempted murder. He was murdered in Ventersdorp at age 69 by two black males in 2010 while he was taking a nap. He left behind a widow named Martie and a daughter Bea.

Other South African politicians, whites and blacks, have reacted to the killings in shock. Black politicians have send their condolences to the family of Terre'Blanche. The murder resulted in racial tensions, but the AWB asked its members not to use violence and stay calm.

The murderers of Terre'Blanche said they worked for him on his farm. They claimed he could not pay them and so they killed him and took his money. They hit him with machetes, knobkiris and iron pipes, and pulled down his trousers.

Emperor Kōshō

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

The "Gukanshō" records that Kōshō ruled from the palace of "Ikekokoro-no-miya" at Waki-no-kami in what will come to be known as Yamato province.

Kōshō is almost certainly a legend. The "Kojiki" records only his name and genealogy. The "Nihonshoki" includes Kōshō as the fourth of .

Emperor Kōshō was the oldest son of Emperor Itoku. "Jinnō Shōtōki" records that his mother was Amanotoyototsu-hime, and his grandmother by his mother's side was Okishimimi-no-kami.

The absence of information about Kōshō does not show that he was not real. Very little information is available for study before the rule of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei (509?-571).

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Kōshō.

The actual site of his grave is not known. According to the Imperial Household Agency, this emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Nara.


Emperor Kōan

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty. 

The "Gukanshō" ruled from the palace of "Akitsushima-no-miya" at Muro in what will come to be known as Yamato province. 

Kōan is almost certainly a legend. The "Kojiki" records only his name and genealogy. The "Nihonshoki" includes Kōan as the fifth of .

Emperor Kōan was the second son of Emperor Kōshō. "Jinnō Shōtōki" records that his mother was Yosotarashi-no-hime, who was the daughter of Okitsuyoso, and ancestress of the Owari.

The absence of information about Kōan does not imply that no such person ever existed. Very little information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei. 

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Kōan. 

The actual site of his grave is not known. According to the Imperial Household Agency, this emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Nara.


Emperor Kōrei

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty. 

The "Gukanshō" records that Kōrei ruled from the palace of "Ihoto-no-miya" at Kuroda in what will come to be known as Yamato province. 

Kōrei is almost certainly a legend. The "Kojiki" records only his name and genealogy. The "Nihonshoki" includes Kōrei as the sixth of .

Kōrei was the eldest son of Emperor Kōan. "Jinnō Shōtōki" records that his mother was Oshihime, who was the daughter of Ametarashihiko-Kunio-shihito-no-mikoto.

Some scholars question the existence of the first nine emperors. These critics consider Kōrei's great-grandson (Emperor Sujin) to be the earliest to have actually existed.

The absence of information about Kōrei does not imply that no such person ever existed. Very little information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei. 

The "Kojiki" notes that it was during Kōrei's reign that Kibi Province was conquered.

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Kōrei. 

The actual site of his grave is not known. According to the Imperial Household Agency, this emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Nara.


Roanoke Island

Roanoke Island is an island that is part of Dare County, North Carolina.

Roanoke was first settled around 8,000 B.C. At time of European Contact the island was home to Algonquian Natives.

The Roanoke Colony was an early settlement in what would become the United States. It was located on what is now the coast of North Carolina. Walter Raleigh and others lived there from 1585 to 1587. After a few years the people left, and nobody knows why. Virginia Dare, the first English child born in the New World, was born on Roanoke.

A battle of the American Civil War battle was fought on this island in February 1862. Union forces had the advantage because they outnumbered the Confederate defenders. The Confederate Army believing that the swamps on the island were impassable did not post guards there. Union soldiers then approached the Confederate defenders on their sides, forcing the Confederate commander Henry Shaw to surrender. Union soldiers stayed on the island until the war. It was during these years (1862-1865) the Freeman's colony of black slaves was founded and created. After the war the freeman's colony was dispersed. Some of the African Americans on Roanoke Island today trace their heritage or descent back to freeman's colony.

In 1870 the town of Manteo was formally founded and chartered or established with the state of North Carolina. Manteo first grew as a small harbor prospering from trade with larger towns in North Carolina like Elizabeth City.

Manteo is the largest town on the island and the county seat of Dare County. To the south of the island there is a town called Wanchese, which is not incorporated unlike Manteo. These towns are named after the Indians who first met the English expeditions that took place in the 1570s and 1580s.

Transcontinental Railroad

The Transcontinental Railroad was a railroad built across the United States of America. The building of it started when Abraham Lincoln signed the Pacific Railroad Act of 1862 into law during the American Civil War. 

Much of it was built by the Central Pacific Railroad, building east from Sacramento, California, and the Union Pacific Railroad building West from Omaha, Nebraska. The two railroads met at Promontory Summit, Utah on May 10 in the year 1869. Much of it was built by people who came to the U.S. from China and Ireland. It cut the time to go across the United States from months to weeks and later days. At the time of its completion, it was one of the longest railroads in the world.

Emperor Kōgen

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty. 

The "Gukanshō" records that Kōgen ruled from the palace of "Sakaihara-no-miya" at Karu in what will come to be known as Yamato province.

Kōgen is almost certainly a legend. The "Kojiki" records only his name and genealogy. The "Nihonshoki" includes Kōgen as the seventh of .

Kōgen was the eldest son of Emperor Kōrei.

Some scholars question the existence of the first nine emperors. These critics consider Kōgen's grandson (Emperor Sujin) to be the earliest to have actually existed.

The absence of information about Kōgen does not imply that no such person ever existed. Very little information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei. 

The Abe clan are said to have descended from a son of Emperor Kōgen. 

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Kōgen. 

The actual site of his grave is not known. According to the Imperial Household Agency, this emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Nara.


Gukanshō

In "Gukanshō", Jien created a chronicle of the lives of the emperors. Jien wrote about political and military conflicts within the Imperial court. He wrote about disputes with others outside the court.

The text is composed of three major sections:



Emperor Kaika

No certain dates can be assigned to the emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty. 

The "Gukanshō" records that Kaika ruled from the palace of "Isakawa-no-miya" at Kasuga in what will come to be known as Yamato province.

Kaika is almost certainly a legend. The "Kojiki" records only his name and genealogy. The "Nihonshoki" includes Kaika as the eighth of .

Kaika was the second son of Emperor Kōgen.

Some scholars question the existence of the first nine emperors. These critics consider Kōgen's son (Suijin) to be the earliest to have actually existed.

The absence of information about Kaika does not imply that no such person ever existed. Very little information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Kaika. 

The actual site of his grave is not known. According to the Imperial Household Agency, this emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") in Nara.


Emperor Sujin

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

The "Gukanshō" records that Sujin ruled from the palace of "Mizogaki-no-miya" at Shiki in what will come to be known Yamato province.

Sujin is almost certainly a legend; but the "Kojiki" and "Nihonshoki" record his name and genealogy. He was the second son of Emperor Kaika.

Some scholars question the existence of the first nine emperors. These critics consider Sujin to be the earliest to have actually existed.

The limited information about Sujin does not imply that no such person ever existed. Very little information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.

Sujin was interested in agriculture and irrigation. He established a system of taxation.

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Sujin.

The actual site of his grave is not known. According to the Imperial Household Agency, this emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Nara.


Soda bread

Soda bread is a kind of soft, golden bread made with baking soda. In its most basic form it contains only four ingredients; flour, salt, baking soda, and buttermilk. It can be changed when you add other ingredients. For instance, if you add a little sugar, some raisins, then cut in some butter, it may become a "Raisin" soda bread.

Soda bread does not use yeast to get its rise, instead the rise comes from baking soda reacting with the acid (soured milk or buttermilk). This makes it a 'quick' bread that can be made in under 15 minutes. The important thing to remember is to have mix and knead the dough quickly and lightly. This will give you a bread that is dense, but not doughy, with a tender, slightly moist interior. Once the dough is formed into a round, a cross is cut on the top of the bread, which divides it into quarters called farls.

Anne of Denmark

Anne of Denmark (12 December 1574 – 2 March 1619) was queen consort of Scotland, England, and Ireland. She was the wife of King James VI and I.

Anne, the second daughter of King Frederick II of Denmark, married James in 1589 when she was 15 years old. She gave birth to seven children but only three lived to become adults. One of these children was the future Charles I. She often used Scottish politics when she fought with James about her son, Prince Henry. She also used them in her arguments about his treatment of her friend Beatrix Ruthven. Anne seems to have loved James at first. However, they later became cooler towards one another and lived separately. However, though they both had respect and even some love for one another.

In England, Anne was more interested in art than politics. She built a beautiful and culturally rich court of her own. After 1612, she became ill and later stopped being in the center of court life. She was said to have died a Protestant. However, some proof suggests that she may have been a Catholic at some time in her life.

Historians have often thought of Anne as a queen who was light, selfish, and not very important. Recently, however, many people point out Anne's independence and importance as an encourager of the arts in the Jacobean age.

Anne was born on 12 December 1574 at the castle of Skanderborg. Her birth came as a blow to her father, King Frederick II of Denmark, who had been hoping for a son. Anne's mother, Sophie of Mecklenburg-Güstrow, however, was only 17. Three years later she did give birth to a son. He was the future Christian IV of Denmark.

Anne was sent with her older sister Elizabeth to Güstrow, in Germany. She was to be raised there by her grandparents on her mother's side. They were the Duke and Duchess of Mecklenburg. This was because the Danish court was very wild at this time. King Frederick was famous for heavy eating and much drinking. He was also unfaithful to the Queen. Compared to this, in Güstrow, Anne enjoyed a quiet and stable life in her early years. Christian was also sent to be brought up at Güstrow. However, two years later, in 1579, the Rigsraad, or Danish Privy Council, successfully asked him to move to Denmark. Anne and Elizabeth came back with him.

Anne enjoyed a close and happy family education in Denmark. This was mostly because of Queen Sophie. She took care of the children herself when they were ill. A great number of people from all over Europe wanted to marry Anne and her older sister. Among these people were James VI of Scotland. He liked Denmark because he thought of it as a kingdom with good religion and a good trading partner. Scottish ambassadors had at first tried to make him marry the oldest daughter. However, Frederick betrothed Elizabeth to Henry Julius, Duke of Brunswick. He promised the Scots instead that "for the second [daughter] Anna, if the King did like her, he should have her."

Sophie's position became harder after Frederick's death in 1588. She had to join in a power struggle with the Rigsraad for control of King Christian. However, she worked harder than Frederick in making people marry. She was able to overcome difficult points about the dowry and the position of Orkney. She sealed the agreement by July 1589. Anne seems to have been very excited about the match. On 28 July 1589, the English spy Thomas Fowler said that Anne was greatly in love with James. He said that "it were death to her to have it broken off". He added that she proved her love in a great number of ways. However, Fowler also suggested that James did not return Anne's love, and he liked men better than women. This would not have been told to the 14-year-old Princess. At this time, she was faithfully embroidering shirts for her fiancé. Meanwhile, 300 tailors worked on making her wedding dress.

Even if these rumors were true, James needed a royal marriage. This was because he needed to keep up the Stuart line. "God is my witness," he explained, "I could have abstained longer than the weal of my country could have permitted, [had not] my long delay bred in the breasts of many a great jealousy of my inability, as if I were a barren stock." On 20 August 1589, Anne and James were married separately, but to one another. This is called a "proxy marriage". Their marriage took place in Kronborg Castle. The ceremony ended with James's representative, George Keith, 5th Earl Marischal, sitting next to Anne on the bridal bed.


Henry Frederick, Prince of Wales

Henry Frederick, Prince of Wales (19 February 1594 – 6 November 1612) was the oldest son of King James I & VI and Anne of Denmark. His name comes from grandfathers Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley and Frederick II of Denmark.

Prince Henry was widely seen as a bright heir to his father's throne. However, he died before his father because of typhoid fever. Because of this, the English and Scottish thrones' power went to his younger brother Charles.

Several places in Virginia Colony were named in honor of Prince Henry before and after his death.

He was born at Stirling Castle and became Duke of Rothesay, Earl of Carrick, Baron of Renfrew, Lord of the Isles and Prince and Great Steward of Scotland when he was born. His father made Alexander Erskine, Earl of Mar, take care of him. He did not let his mother take care of him. This was because James worried that the mother's slight liking for Catholicism might have some effect on the son. Although this made lots of fights between Anne and James, Henry was kept under the care of Mar's family until 1603. This was when James became King of England and his family moved south.

Sir George Lauder of The Bass was his teacher until he went to England. Sir George was a Privy Counsellor – described as the King's "familiar councillor" – and he was also taught in music by Alfonso Ferrabosco the younger.

Maurício (footballer, born 1978)

Maurício Rodrigues Alves Domingues (born 3 July 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.

Donald-Olivier Sié

Donald-Olivier Sié (born 3 April 1970) is a former Côte d'Ivoire football player. He has played for Côte d'Ivoire national team.

16||1||1||0||2||0||19||1
46||5||||||||||46||5
62||6||1||0||2||0||65||6

!Total||||

Adriano Pimenta

Adriano Pimenta (born 14 November 1982) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Sport Recife.

Marc Wilmots

Marc Wilmots (born 22 February 1969) is a Belgian football manager and former football player. He played for the Belgian national team.

KV Mechelen


Standard Liège


Schalke 04

Belgium


Taro Ichiki

Taro Ichiki (born 1 September 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

Oséas

Oséas Reis dos Santos (born 14 May 1971) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

150||55||||||||||150||55
56||23||1||1||5||4||62||28
206||78||1||1||5||4||212||83
!Total||2||0

Hidetoki Takahashi

Takahashi was born in Fukushima on April 11, 1916. He played for Waseda University. He won 1938 Emperor's Cup with Sei Fuwa, Sekiji Sasano, Kunitaka Sueoka, Shogo Kamo and so on. After graduation from university, he played for Hitachi from 1941 to 1958.

From 1955, Takahashi started managering career too. In 1957, he became manager for Japan national team as Shigemaru Takenokoshi successor for tour for China. In 1959, he became manager for Japan U-20 national team for 1959 AFC Youth Championship and won the 3rd place. In 1960, he managed for Japan national team as Takenokoshi successor again. He managed at 1962 World Cup qualification and 1962 Asian Games until 1962. After that, he managed for Hitachi.

On February 5, 2000, Takahashi died of pneumonia in Meguro, Tokyo at the age of 83. In 2009, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.


Flavio Elias Cordeiro

Flavio Elias Cordeiro (born 23 April 1975) is a Brazilian football player.

11||1||2||0||13||1
11||1||2||0||13||1

Kim Geun-chol

Kim Geun-Chol (born 24 June 1983) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

74||6||2||0||0||0||76||6
74||6||2||0||0||0||76||6

Censorship by Google

Censorship by Google refers to Google's removal of information from its services to comply with censorship laws, company policies, etc. In 2002, Google censored search results about Scientology.

Myoglobin

Myoglobin is a protein that is able to bind oxygen. Myoglobin, which is similar to haemoglobin, is the main oxygen-carrying pigment of muscle tissues. Like haemoglobin, it has a porphyrin ring with an iron atom at its centre. It is in the muscle tissue of most mammals. Seals and other marine mammals have more myoglobin in their muscles than land animals. 

In humans, increased level of myoglobin in the serum of the blood can be an indication of myocardial infarction. Other factors for a higher level can be damage to the muscles, epileptic seizures, polytrauma. If the value is much too high, this can lead to kidney failure.

Myoglobin belongs to the globin superfamily of proteins, and as with other globins, consists of eight alpha helices connected by loops. Myoglobin has 153 amino acids.

Proxy marriage

A proxy marriage is when two people are getting married separately, but are getting married to one another. It was common for European kings and nobles to be wed by proxy marriage. Napoleon I of France was wed by proxy marriage to Marie Louise, Duchess of Parma. Catherine of Aragon wed Prince Arthur by proxy. A famous 17th-century painting by Peter Paul Rubens shows the proxy marriage of Marie de Medici. 

Today, this form of marriage is illegal in most countries, or it requires a special permit. It is still legal in some US states, and in a few Islamic countries 

Hyperkalemia

Hyperkalemia is a medical term to indicate that the level of potassium in the blood is too high. Depending on the level of potassium in the blood, this can be a medical emergency. A level that is too high can lead to abnormal hearth rhythms. 

Many medications can cause hyperkalemia, and it is much more likely to occur in people kidney problems.

Although hyperkalemia often doesn't cause symptoms, doctors worry about hyperkalemia because it can cause a sudden change of heart rhythm in people who had not been having any symptoms. These abnormal heart rhythms can be deadly.

In the cases where death penalty is carried out using lethal injection, a hyperkalemia may be provoked atificially. Some of the mixtures used in the injections contain potassium chloride which will raise the level of potassium in the blood considerably.

Sophie of Mecklenburg-Güstrow

Sophie of Mecklenburg-Güstrow (4 September 1557, Wismar – 14 October 1631, Nykoping) was a German queen of Denmark and Norway. She was the mother of King Christian IV of Denmark and Anne of Denmark.

She was the daughter of Duke Ulrich III of Mecklenburg-Güstrow and Princess Elizabeth of Denmark (a daughter of Frederick I and Sophie of Pomerania). Sophie married her cousin, Frederick II of Denmark, when she was 14. He was 37. The marriage was arranged by the Danish Council, who wished the King to marry. Though their ages were very different, their marriage was usually quiet and even happy. Queen Sophie was a loving mother, nursing her children herself when they were ill. Because her husband drank lots of wine and led an unfaithful life, she sent her three oldest children to live with her parents in Güstrow when they were young. She showed a great interest in science and visited the astronomer Tycho Brahe. She was also interested in the old songs of folklore. Her daughter, Anne of Denmark, would marry James VI of Scotland and become Queen Consort in 1589. She arranged the marriage against the will of the Council.

She died on 4 October 1631 at Nykøbing, Jylland, Denmark.

Frederick II of Denmark

Frederick II (1 July 1534 – 4 April 1588), was the king of Denmark-Norway and duke of Schleswig from 1559 until his death. He was the son of King Christian III of Denmark and Norway and Dorothea of Saxe-Lauenburg. He is often seen as the typical Renaissance ruler of Denmark. As a person Frederick was described as hot-headed, proud, brave, and ambitious. He loved hunting, wine and feasts. At his death lots of people thought that he had drunk himself to death.

He built Kronborg castle in Elsinore again between 1574 and 1585. In 1567 he began Fredrikstad in Norway. This was a time of wealth and growth in Danish history.

Emperor Suinin

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty. 

The "Gukanshō" records that Suinin he ruled from the palace of "Tamaki-no-miya" at Makimuku in what will come to be known as Yamato province.

Suinin is almost certainly a legend; but the "Kojiki" and "Nihonshoki" record his name and genealogy. He was the third son of Emperor Sujin.

The limited information about Suinin does not imply that no such person ever existed. Very little information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei. 

One of Suinin's daughters was Yamatohime-no-mikoto. She established a site for ceremonies honouring the Shinto sun goddess (Amaterasu Omikami). In the region of Ise, she founded the Ise Shrine. She became the first Saiō at Ise.

The records of Asama Shrine at the base of Mount Fuji describe events in this time frame. The earliest Shinto ceremonies in honour of Konohanasakuya-hime were in the 3rd year of the reign of Emperor Suinin (垂仁天皇3年).

"Nihonshoki" describes a wrestling match during his era. This was the origin of Sumo wrestling.

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Suinin. 

The actual site of his grave is not known. According to the Imperial Household Agency, this emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Nara.



Freudenberg

Freudenberg can refer to several things:




Lisa Della Casa

Lisa Della Casa (born Burgdorf, Switzerland, 2 February 1919 – 10 December 2012 Münsterlingen, Switzerland) was a Swiss soprano. She was famous from the 1950s to the mid- 1970s for singing some of the great roles in the operas of Mozart and Richard Strauss. She was known for the naturalness of her singing as well as for her beauty.

Della Casa’s father was an Italian-Swiss doctor. Her mother came from Bavaria.
She studied singing with Margarete Häser at the Zürich Conservatory. Her first performance in opera was singing Madame Butterfly in Puccini's "Madama Butterfly" at Solothurn-Biel Municipal Theater in 1940. She joined the ensemble of the Zürich Municipal Opera House in 1943 and stayed there until 1950. 

In 1946 Della Casa sang the part of Zdenka in Richard Strauss's opera "Arabella" in Zürich, and again the following year when she sang for the first time at the Salzburg Festival where she was to sing many times during her career. After the performance, Richard Strauss himself said: "That girl will be "the" Arabella someday!" In the same year, she sang for the first time at the Vienna State Opera House, singing Gilda in Verdi's "Rigoletto". Soon she moved to Vienna and joined the ensemble of the Vienna State Opera House. In 1949, she sang at La Scala Opera House in Milan as Sophie in Richard Strauss's "Der Rosenkavalier" and Marcelline in Beethoven's "Fidelio". She was invited to move to Milan, but she chose to stay in Vienna.

Della Casa appeared in Britain for the first time singing the part of Countess Almaviva in Mozart's "Le nozze di Figaro" at the Glyndebourne Festival. She sang the part of Arabella for the first time at the Bavarian State Opera House in Munich in 1951. She was to become most famous for this role. She sang Eva in Wagner's "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg" at the Bayreuth Festival in 1952, but she did not like the atmosphere there with all the arguments, so she never returned to Bayreuth. From 1953 to 1968 she sang regularly at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York where she was extremely popular.

When the Vienna State Opera House was restored in 1955 there was a special performance of "Der Rosenkavalier". She sang the part of the Marschallin, so she had sung all three famous soprano roles in that opera: the Marschallin, Octavian and Sophie.

She continued to sing many great operatic roles at the Salzburg Festival, including the part of the Marschallin in 1960 under the conductor Herbert von Karajan, celebrating the newly-built Salzburg Festspielhaus.

She sang a few dramatic roles, such as Salome in "Salome" at the Bavarian State Opera House in Munich in 1961, but mostly she sang lyrical roles. When the famous soprano Elisabeth Schwarzkopf first sang at the Met she sang the part of the Marschallin in "Der Rosenkavalier" with Della Casa singing Octavian..

After singing Arabella in Salzburg in 1974, she surprised everyone by announcing her retirement. She gave up her musical career and enjoyed a quiet, domestic life.

She made several complete opera recordings including her singing of Countess Almaviva in "Le nozze di Figaro" (Erich Kleiber conducting) and the role of Arabella in "Arabella" (Georg Solti conducting). These recordings are still thought of as among the finest ever made. She made a wonderful recording of Richard Strauss' "Vier letzte Lieder" "(Four Last Songs)" (Karl Böhm conducting) in 1953.

In 1947, she married Yugoslavian-born journalist Dragan Debeljevic. They had one daughter, who became very ill when she was young. Her daughter says that, later in life, when Lisa had her own health problems, she was able to give back to her mother some of the love and care that she herself had received as a child. Casa died on December 10, 2012 in Münsterlingen, Switzerland from natural causes, aged 93. A black flag was hung in her honor.


Samoyed dog

The Samoyed is a dog breed that are usually white in color but they can be grey or cream too. They can get between 2-3 feet in height. The Samoyed breed is known for having a curled tail, much like a Husky. They have a thick coat of fur to protect them from the cold because they were used to drag sleighs in the cold. Samoyeds are really friendly, so they will not make good guard dogs because they are too cute and fluffy and are really friendly.

Emperor Hanzei

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

According to "Nihonshoki" and "Kojiki", he was a son of Emperor Nintoku. The eldest son would become known as Emperor Richū.

Hanzei was the brother of Richū. Hanzei's enthronement by-passed Richū's two sons. Few other details have survived.

Very little is known about the events of Hanzei's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.
Hanzei's reign is described as a time of peace. He died quietly in his palace.

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Hanzei.

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun") at Sakai. Hanzei is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") which is associated with the burial mound.


Title role

The title role in a play or an opera is the role (the part) which is also the title of the play or opera. 
We say that the actor, singer or dancer who performs that part has the "title role". For example: in the opera "Carmen" by Georges Bizet the part played by the girl called Carmen is the "title role". We may say that a singer took the title role in the opera "Carmen". That means that she sang the part of Carmen in the opera.

The title role is not necessarily the most important role in the play or opera, although it often is.

A few other well-known examples in which the performance is named after one of the characters include the operas "Aida" (by Giuseppe Verdi), "Madame Butterfly" (by Giacomo Puccini) and "Peter Grimes" (by Benjamin Britten), the ballets "Coppélia" (by Léo Delibes) or "Petrushka" (by Stravinsky), or the plays "Othello" or "Hamlet" (by William Shakespeare).

The title character is the character whose name is in the title (or suggested in the title), such as "Harry Potter" in Harry Potter books by J.K. Rowling, or Simba in Disney's "The Lion King" (Simba is the Lion King).

"Title character" always refers to a character.


Character actor

A character actor is an actor who plays a particular kind of character in a play, movie, television program, opera or ballet. The character actor is not the main part. He is not the lover or hero. He has a character which helps to support the main characters and therefore the story.

Character roles may be roles such as: the faithful servant, the maid, the villain, the mother-in-law, the priest etc. They may or may not be comic characters.

For example, in "The Wizard of Oz" the main character is Dorothy. The Scarecrow, the Lion and the Tin Man are character roles.

Some actors or singers prefer character roles to main roles. It may be because this kind or role suits their personality or their singing voice. Some people nearly always play the same kind of character role. We say that people like that are "typecast". Some actors are happy to remain typecast. Others may wish to broaden their repertoire and take on different roles.


Giulio Caccini

Giulio Caccini (born Rome, 8 October 1551; died Florence, 10 December 1618), also known as Giulio Romano, was an Italian composer and singer. He lived at the very end of Renaissance period and the beginning of the Baroque period. It was the time when opera was starting, and he was one of the first composers to write an opera. His daughter, Francesca Caccini, also became a composer.

We do not know much about his life. He was born in Rome. His father was a carpenter. He learned to play the lute, the viol and the harp, and soon became known as a singer. In the 1560s, Francesco de' Medici, Grand Duke of Florence, was impressed with his talent, so he took him to Florence to study.

By 1579, Caccini was singing at the Medici court. He was a tenor, and he was able to accompany himself on the viol or the archlute; he sang at weddings and other important occasions. He worked closely with the Florentine Camerata, a famous group of people who met at the home of Count Giovanni de' Bardi, and tried to bring the tradition of Greek dramatic music back to life. They liked monody, which means a tune with a simple accompaniment. This was different from polyphony in which several things are being sung at once. Monody made it easy to tell a story because the words could be heard clearly. This was necessary for opera, where it became heard in a simple form called recitative.

Caccini went to Rome, but in Rome the musicians were not so interested in change.

Caccini often got involved in arguments because he was envious and jealous. He often got people into trouble, and he rushed his own opera "Euridice" into print before Peri's opera on the same subject could be published, while telling his own singers not to have anything to do with Peri's opera.

He died in Florence and is buried in the church of St. Annunziata.



Free Soil Party

The Free Soil Party was, for a short duration, a political party in the United States. It was active in the 1848 and 1852 president elections, and in some state elections. It got lots of its strength from New York. Most of the important party members were former anti-slavery members of the Whig Party and the Democratic Party. Its main purpose was stopping slavery from spreading into the western lands, arguing that free men on free soil had a morally and economically better system than slavery. Also, many workers feared that slave labor would take away work for white workers.

The party membership was largely taken over by the Republican Party in 1854.


The Jungle

The Jungle is a 1906 novel written by journalist Upton Sinclair. Inspired by the Union Stock Yards in Chicago, Sinclair wrote this book to show the sufferings of the working class and to show the corruption of the American meatpacking industry during the early-20th century. The book writes about the poverty, bad living and working conditions, and sorrow among the working class. The sad state of turn-of-the-century work is placed for the American public to see, suggesting that something needed to be changed to get rid of American "wage slavery". The novel is also an important example of the "muckraking" tradition begun by journalists such as Jacob Riis.
Upton Sinclair came to Chicago with hopes of writing "The Jungle". When he came to the lobby of the Chicago Transit House, a hotel, he was quoted as saying, "Hello! I'm Upton Sinclair, and I'm here to write the "Uncle Tom's Cabin" of the Labor Movement!". He rented living quarters and immediately began walking its streets, talking to its people and taking pictures. One Sunday afternoon, he worked his way into a group of Lithuanian immigrants getting together for a wedding party, "Behold, there was the opening scene of my story, a gift from the gods". He was welcomed there and was with them until two in the morning.

"The Jungle" was first published in a series in 1905. "After five rejections", its first edition as a book was published by Doubleday, Page & Company on February 28, 1906, and it became an immediate best seller and has been in print ever since.
The main character is Jurgis Rudkus, a Lithuanian man who emigrates to the United States with his fifteen year old fiance Ona Lukoszaite and their extended family. He marries her in Chicago and then soon gets a job at Durham's, a factory in Chicago. The factory mistreats him and Ona and their family. Eventually Ona dies of blood loss because the greedy midwife will not help her because the Rudkus family do not have enough money. Stanislovas, a child in the family who worked in a factory, is killed by an accident while working. Jurgus turns to drinking and Marija Barynczykas, a member of his extended family, becomes a prostitute.

Emperor Keikō

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty. 

Keikō is almost certainly a legend; but the "Kojiki" and "Nihonshoki" record his name.

The limited information about Keikō does not imply that no such person ever existed. Very little information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei. 

In "Kojiki", Keikō sent his one of his sons to Kyūshū to fight battles on his behalf. In "Nihonshoki", Keikō fought and won these battles against local tribes. According to both sources, he sent Yamatotakeru to Izumo province and eastern provinces to expand his territory.

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Keikō.

The actual site of his grave is not known. According to the Imperial Household Agency, this emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Nara. The "kami" of Emperor Keikō is also venerated at Anaho jinja in Anaho, Ōmi province.

Empress (first): Harima no Inabi no Ooiratsume (播磨稲日大郎姫), daughter of Wakatakehiko (若建吉備津日子)

Empress (second): Yasakairihime (八坂入媛命), daughter of Yasakairihiko (八坂入彦命)

Mizuhanoiratume (水歯郎媛), daughter of iwatsukuwake (磐衝別命), younger sister of Iwakiwake (石城別王)

Ikawahime (五十河媛)

Abe no Takadahime (阿倍高田媛), daughter of Abe no Kogoto (阿倍木事)

Himuka no Kaminagaootane (日向髪長大田根)

Sonotakehime (襲武媛)

Himuka no Mihakashihime (日向御刀媛)

Inabinowakairatsume (伊那毘若郎女), daughter of Wakatakehiko, younger sister of Harima no Inabi no Ooiratsume

Igotohime (五十琴姫命),　daughter of Mononobe no Igui (物部胆咋宿禰)



James Francis Edward Stuart

James, Prince of Wales (known as James Francis Edward Stuart; "The Old Pretender" or "The Old Chevalier"; 10 June 1688 – 1 January 1766) was the son of James II of England (James VII of Scotland) and his second wife, Mary of Modena. Because of this, he claimed the English, Scottish and Irish thrones (as James III of England and Ireland and James VIII of Scotland) from the death of his father in 1701. He was proclaimed king of England, Scotland and Ireland by his cousin Louis XIV of France. When he died in 1766 in Rome, his son, Charles Edward Stuart, followed him in the Jacobite Succession. 

Prince of Orange

Prince of Orange is a title of nobility.

The title is used by members of the House of Orange-Nassau, as heirs to the crown of the Netherlands. It also used by members of the House of Hohenzollern. At the moment, the title is used by Prince Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands (Orange-Nassau), Georg Friedrich, Prince of Prussia (Hohenzollern) and Guy, Marquis de Mailly-Neslé, Prince d'Orange.

The title was at first related to a self-ruling state called the Principality of Orange. It lies in the south of what we now call France. The land was the property of the house of Orange and from 1544 of the house of Orange-Nassau. 

The last of the original princes, René of Nassau, left the principality to his cousin William the Silent after he died. William the Silent was not related to the original house of Orange, but was the legal heir.

In a war in 1673, Louis XIV of France took over the lands of the principality and added them to his own royal domain. This was part of the war against the stadtholder William III of Orange. Louis XIV then gave the principality to Louis of Mailly-Nesles, marquis of Nesles (1689–1764), a very remote relation of the original princes of Orange. His descendant still claims the title today. In 1714, Louis XIV allowed Prince Louis Armand of Bourbon-Conti to use the land of the Principality to make money. Prince Louis Armand died in 1727 and the principality was merged in the Crown in 1731.

William III died without legitimate children. This meant that the principality was seen as inherited by his closest cognate relative on the basis of the testament of Frederic-Henry, Frederick I of Prussia . He handed over the principality's lands but not the title to France in 1713. France supported his claim. In this way, the territory of the principality was no longer a separate state, but became a part of France. Through the Treaty of Utrecht. A new "Principality of Orange" was created by the King of Prussia as part of the duchy of Gelderland.. The kings of Prussia and the German emperors styled themselves Princes of Orange till 1918.

John William Friso of Nassau was chosen as the heir to the princes of Orange in the Netherlands by the last will of William III. John William Friso was also related to William the Silent through the female line. Several of his descendants became stadtholders. They claim the principality of Orange on the basis of agnatic inheritance (inheritance of lands to the brother rather than the sons of the king) . This way of inheriting is similar to the way William the Silent inherited from his cousin René. The claim to the title is also on basis of the testament of Philips William, Maurice and William III. Although they claimed the title "Prince of Orange", France never allowed them to obtain anything of the lands of the principality itself. It is from this tradition that later stadtholders of the Netherlands, and the present-day royal family of the Netherlands, also hold the title.

Until 1340, it was customary for all sons of the prince of Orange to inherit the title. 
Only the direct line of descent to Raimond V is shown here.

As personal title of nobility:

As royal title for the heir apparent:






Danny Jacobs (actor)

Daniel Charles Jacobs, Jr. (born July 7, 1968) is an American actor, singer, voice artist, and comedian, best known as the voice of King Julien in the "Madagascar" franchise, substituting for Sacha Baron Cohen since 2008. In "" (2012), he provided Julien's singing voice in the .

Jacobs was born Daniel Charles Jacobs, Jr. in Detroit, Michigan on July 7, 1968 to Danny Jacobs, Sr. (?–2011). He is the sixth of seven children.

Jacobs attended St. Matthew Elementary School and Bishop Gallagher High School (which later merged with St. Florian High School to become Trinity Catholic High School). For 2 years, he pursued business school at Wayne State University. In 1988, he transferred to the University of Arizona and switched his major to musical theatre.

After graduating from the University of Arizona, Jacobs had acted in regional theaters across the country. He had established himself as a national voice-over talent with clients, including Bissel, Blockbuster, Bud Light, Ford Dealers, GMAC, and KFC, among others.

In 1999, Jacobs appeared in his first live-action role in "Get the Hell Out of Hamtown".

In 2003, he began to tour the nation with "Triple Espresso: A Highly Caffeinated Comedy."

In "Epic Movie" (2007), Jacobs portrayed Borat Sagdiyev and made a cameo appearance as a Pirate with an Eye Patch. When portraying the role of Borat, he impersonated Sacha Baron Cohen, which was praised by the public.

In 1999, Jacobs landed a voice role as Curt in "Full Blast", though he was not credited.

From 2008 to 2015, Jacobs was a substitute for Sacha Baron Cohen as the voice of King Julien in "The Penguins of Madagascar", again as an impression of Baron Cohen; Jacobs also provided additional voices in the series. In 2011, he won a Daytime Emmy Award for the role. Jacobs reprised his role in "Merry Madagascar" (2009) and "Madly Madagascar" (2013). From 2014 to 2017, he returned to the role in "All Hail King Julien". In "Penguins of Madagascar" (2014), Jacobs once again reprised his role as King Julien. He had also provided voice-overs in various commercials.

In addition to the performances that led to "All Hail King Julien", Jacobs had been doing voice work for animated television series, including "Phineas and Ferb" (in which he provided additional voices) and "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (in which he voiced Snake / Snakeweed), as well as several video games. He had said that animation, much like the theater, gives actors a chance to play a wide range of roles. He said: He had personally stated that King Julien is his favorite voice role and would gladly reprise his role if ever asked. Jacobs' performance had received more recognition than the character's predecessor Baron Cohen. In "" (2012), he provided Julien's singing voice for the soundtrack.

He provided the voice of Raam and Yeppau in the "Lego Star Wars" franchise. On September 20, 2017, Jacobs and his co-star John DiMaggio (who voiced Baash) also appeared as guests on "The Star Wars Show". He had a voice role in "Teen Titans Go!" as George Washington and Kiril in "The Lion Guard".

In 1993, Jacobs originated the role of Chico Fernández in Jeff Daniels' comedy "The Vast Difference" at the Purple Rose Theatre.

In 1996–97, he won acting awards in Michigan, Florida, and Wisconsin for his portrayal of Aram in Richard Kalinoski's "Beast on the Moon."

On July 16, 2018, Jacobs paid tribute to his late cousin Michael Anthony Risk via a Facebook video.

On July 13, 2015, Jacobs donated to Kids Kicking Cancer and had entertained some children with his King Julien voice.

Jacobs was nominated for the 2010 Annie Award for Voice Acting in a Television Production for his voice role of King Julien in "Merry Madagascar" (2009), but lost the award to Tom Kenny.

He won a 2011 Daytime Emmy Award and 2015 Daytime Emmy Award for his voice role of King Julien in "The Penguins of Madagascar" (2008–2015) and "All Hail King Julien" (2014–2017).


Invitation to William

The Invitation to William was a letter sent by seven famous Englishmen. They were later named the Immortal Seven. They sent this letter to William III, Prince of Orange, received by him on 30 June 1688 (Julian calendar, 10 July Gregorian calendar). In England a Catholic male heir to the throne, James Francis Edward Stuart, had been born. The letter asked William to force the ruling king, his father-in-law James II of England to make William's Protestant wife Mary, James's oldest daughter, the heir. This might possibly be done by saying that the newborn Prince of Wales was not really James' son.

The letter told William that if he were to land in England with a small army, they would rise up and support him. The Invitation shortly told him about their complaints against King James. They said that the King's son was not really the King's son and that the English people generally believed him to be false. They complained that William had sent a letter to James congratulating him on the birth of his son. It was carried to William in The Hague by Rear Admiral Arthur Herbert (the later Lord Torrington) disguised as a common sailor. It was read by a secret code.

The invitation made William decide to carry out his existing plans to land with a large Dutch army. This ended in the Glorious Revolution. James was allowed to escape and was replaced by William and Mary as joint rulers.

Those who signed the invitation were: 


Válber Costa

Válber da Silva Costa (born 6 December 1971) is a former Brazilian football player.

80||35||5||1||15||6||100||42
80||35||5||1||15||6||100||42

Royal house

A royal house or royal dynasty is a family title, or family name of sorts. It is used by royalty. It usually means the members of a family in old and young people, who are loosely related. Unlike most western people, a great number of the world's royal families do not have family names, and those that have them do not use them often. They are referred to instead by their titles, often related to an area ruled or once ruled by that family. Royal Houses still exist today.
The majority of these nations are now republics or part of republics. The Princely Houses of Germany often have given their own names to the states they ruled.

Andre Luis Neitzke

Andre Luis Neitzke (born 24 November 1986) is a Brazilian football player.

48||2||1||0||0||0||49||2
48||2||1||0||0||0||49||2

Yu Hasegawa

Yu Hasegawa (born 5 June 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Montedio Yamagata.

84||24||3||0||5||0||92||24
84||24||3||0||5||0||92||24


Alex Oliveira

Alexandro Marques de Oliveira (born 17 June 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.

8||2||0||0||8||2
8||2||0||0||8||2

Lê (footballer, born 1979)

Leandro Cesar de Souza (born 6 July 1979) is a former Brazilian football player.

6||0||0||0||6||0
6||0||0||0||6||0

Hiroshi Hirakawa

Hirakawa was born in Kanagawa Prefecture on January 10, 1965. After graduating from Juntendo University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Nissan Motors (later "Yokohama Marinos") in 1987. From 1988 to 1990, the club won all three major title in Japan; Japan Soccer League, JSL Cup and Emperor's Cup for two years in a row. During the 1990s, the club won the 1990 JSL Cup, 1991 and 1992 Emperor's Cup. In Asia, the club won the 1991–92 and 1992–93 Asian Cup Winners' Cups. Toward the end of his career, he played for Yokohama Flügels in 1995 and Consadole Sapporo in 1996. He retired in 1996.

In March 1985, Hirakawa was selected the Japan national team for 1986 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on March 21, he debuted against North Korea. After he joined Nissan Motors, he was selected Japan again in 1988 and 1989. In 1992, he also played 1 game for the first time in 3 years. He played 13 games for Japan until 1992.

128||5||3||0||26||4||157||9
128||5||3||0||26||4||157||9

!Total||13||0

Satoshi Tezuka

Tezuka was born in Tochigi Prefecture on September 4, 1958. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Fujita Industries in 1981. The club won the league champions in 1981. He retired in 1991. He played 167 games and scored 42 goals in the league.

On June 11, 1980, when Tezuka was a Chuo University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against China. He played at 1986 World Cup qualification, 1986 Asian Games and 1988 Summer Olympics qualification. He played 25 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1988.

After retirement, Tezuka started coaching career at Fujita Industries (later "Bellmare Hiratsuka", "Shonan Bellmare") in 1991. In 2003, he moved to Mito HollyHock and became an assistant coach. In 2005, he moved to Thespa Kusatsu and became a manager. In 2007, he signed with Japanese Regional Leagues club Fagiano Okayama. He promoted the club to Japan Football League in 2008 and J2 League in 2009. In 2010, he moved to Fukushima United FC and managed until 2011.

167||42
167||42

!Total||25||2

Hiromitsu Horiike

138||0||15||0||4||0||157||0
138||0||15||0||4||0||157||0

Toshihiro Uchida

Toshihiro Uchida (born 12 August 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

Kim Yong-sik

Kim Yong-Sik (July 25, 1910 - March 5, 1985) was a South Korean professional footballer and coach. He was a member of the Japan national team and the Korean national team. He competed in two Summer Olympic Games.

Kim was in the Japan team at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin.
!Total||3||0

After Korean independence, Kim was a member of the Korean team at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.


Understudy

In theater, an understudy is an actor or singer who studies the part of one of the main actors or singers in cases when they can't perform.

If a main performer is unable to perform, the understudy will take their place. The understudy is often a member of the chorus who might have had a small part in the performance anyway. Sometimes an understudy is called a "standby". A standby is usually not a member of the chorus or ensemble. They may be required to be present in the theatre during the performance, or part of it, in case of a problem.

Sometimes an understudy will become famous when they unexpectedly have to perform instead of the usual lead person.

Lady Anne Hyde

Lady Anne Hyde, Duchess of York (22 March 1638 – 31 March 1671) was the first wife of James, Duke of York (the future King James II of England and VII of Scotland). She was also and the mother of two queens, Mary II of England and Scotland and Anne of Great Britain.

She was born on 12 March 1638 (Old Style) or 22 March 1638 (New Style), at Windsor, Berkshire of the Hyde family.

The royal family stayed in exile after the English Civil War. Anne's father served as the Royalist chief adviser to the future King Charles II of England, James's older brother. Anne was Maid of Honour to Mary, Princess Royal and Princess of Orange, sister of Charles and James. It was during this time that James seduced Anne while she was in his sister's service and Charles forced James to marry Anne. He said that her strong character would be a good influence on his weak-willed brother.

The couple went through an official marriage ceremony on 3 September 1660, in London, after the English Restoration of the monarchy. Anne was not a beautiful woman. In fact, Samuel Pepys slights her as being quite plain. However, the French Ambassador described her as having "courage, cleverness, and energy almost worthy of a King's blood".

Bill of Rights 1689

The Bill of Rights (a short title) is an act of the Parliament of England. Its full name is The Act Declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject and Settling the Succession of the Crown. It is often called the English Bill of Rights. The Bill of Rights was passed by Parliament in December 1689. It provides many of the rights requested in the Petition of Right in February after the overthrow of James II of England in the Glorious Revolution, and is still in effect today. The Bill of Rights influenced the United States Constitution.

The Declaration of Rights was made by an Act of Parliament, the Bill of Rights 1689, which received royal assent in December 1689. 

The Act explained "certain ancient rights and liberties" by declaring that: 

The Act declared James's leaving England following the Glorious Revolution to be an abdication (giving up) of the throne. It listed twelve of James's policies, which James designed to "endeavour to subvert and extirpate the protestant religion, and the laws and liberties of this kingdom." These were:

all of which were declared to be completely and directly contrary to the known laws and statutes and freedom of the realm.

In a prelude to the Act of Settlement to come twelve years later, the Bill of Rights barred Roman Catholics from the throne of England as "it hath been found by experience that it is inconsistent with the safety and welfare of this Protestant kingdom to be governed by a papist prince"; thus William III and Mary II were named as the successors of James II and that the throne would pass from them first to Mary's heirs, then to her sister, Princess Anne of Denmark and her heirs (and, thereafter, to any heirs of William by a later marriage).


Wilhelm Steinitz

Wilhelm (later "William") Steinitz (Prague, 17 May 1836 – New York, 12 August 1900) was an Austrian chess grandmaster who emigrated first to London, then to the USA.

He was the first undisputed World Chess Champion and held it from 1886 to 1894, unofficially from 1872.

Steinitz won the title by beating Johannes Zukertort in a match in 1886. He lost it to Emanuel Lasker in 1894. He also lost a rematch with Lasker in 1897.<ref name="H/W">Hooper D. and Whyld K. 1992. "The Oxford companion to chess". 2nd ed, Oxford University Press.</ref>

Born a Jew in Bohemia, Steinitz studied mathematics at the Vienna Polytecnic, and won the Vienna chess championship in 1861 with a score of 31/32. After playing in the London 1862 tournament, he stayed in London as a professional player in clubs and coffee houses. He won a series of matches against all the best English and other players living in London. This established him as one of the best player in the world.

Steinitz beat Adolf Anderssen in 1866 and some think he should be regarded as world champion from this date however at the time Zukertort was the stronger player.

Apart from the chess, this match was a landmark in chess organisation. It was the first event to be timed by clocks. The time for each move was recorded by hand. The totals for each player could then be added. This was the first practical step taken to make sure each player had the same total thinking time available. It had always been a problem that some players took much longer than others, unfairly so. Timing also helped to keep the total time for play within bounds. Eventually, special chess clocks were designed, and the idea has spread to other two-person games such as Go.

Steinitz beat Johannes Zukertort in 1872, and again later in 1886. This last match all agree was for the world championship. Zukertort was a brilliant and boastful player, who was also resident in London for many years. Both the men wrote for chess magazines, and there was a good deal of rivalry.

Steinitz did not win a really strong tournament until London 1872, and did not finish above Andersson until Vienna 1873. He came equal first at Vienna 1882, and second (to Zukertort) in London 1883, both top-class events. In general, his tournament play was not so outstanding as his match play. In match play he was the best of his day: he won 24 matches running until Lasker beat him.

As a younger man, Steinitz played in the all-out attacking style that was common in the 1860s. Later, he developed a new positional style of play and demonstrated that it was superior to the previous style. His new style was controversial, and some even branded it as 'cowardly'. Some of Steinitz's games showed that it could also set up attacks as ferocious as those of the old school.

Steinitz was argumentative, and was often in disputes with other chess writers. He was a prolific writer in chess magazines, and defended his ideas vigorously. The debate was bitter and sometimes abusive: it became known as the 'Ink War'. By the early 1890s, Steinitz' approach was more widely accepted and the next generation of top players acknowledged their debt to him, especially his successor as world champion, Emanuel Lasker.

Lasker summed up the new style as: 

Steinitz left England for the United States in 1886, and became an American citizen in 1888.

He was given an enthusiastic reception, played several exhibitions, many casual games, a match for stakes of £50 with a wealthy amateur, and slightly more serious matches with New World professionals. The match with the Cuban champion Celso Golmayo Zúpide was abandoned when Steinitz was leading (eight wins, one draw, one loss). His hosts even arranged a visit to New Orleans, where Paul Morphy lived.

While based in New York he played matches against Zukertort (St Louis 1883), twice against Russia's Mikhail Chigorin (Havana 1889 & 1892), Isidor Gunsberg (New York 1890/91). Finally, there were the two losing matches against Emanuel Lasker, (Philadelphia/New York/Montreal 1894 and Moscow 1896/97). These were all for the world championship. There were also a dozen matches against lesser masters, including four against J.H. Blackburne, the leading English professional.

The book of the Hastings 1895 chess tournament, written collectively by the players, described Steinitz as follows:

Steinitz died in poverty, having spent some of his last years in a New York mental institution. His second wife and their two young children survived him, and a fund of $1050 was raised to help them.


Steinitz

Steinitz is the surname of several notable people:

Emperor Seimu

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty. 

Seimu is almost certainly a legend; but the "Kojiki" and "Nihonshoki" record his name.

The limited information about Seimu does not imply that no such person ever existed. Very little information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei. 

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Seimu.

The actual site of his grave is not known. According to the Imperial Household Agency, this emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Nara.


List of chess terms

List of chess terms: in alphabetical order.

When the game is paused temporarily. Less common today, as most games are played to a finish. If a game is adjourned, a Sealed move is necessary so the player to move does not have any advantage.

Method to decide the result of an unfinished game. It is done by an expert who judges the position on the board. The expert is often appointed before the tournament or match starts. The method is only used if games are not played to a finish, and there are no adjournments.

See "J'adoube"

System of chess notation in which each square has one name. From White's left to right, each file is labelled from a to h. From White's bottom to top, each rank is labelled 1 to 8. Thus the left bottom square is a1, and the right top square is h8.

Commentary on a game using a combination of written comments and chess notation.

An assault on part of the opponent's position. May be short-term (e.g., after 1.e4 Nf6, Black attacks White's pawn on e4), or long-term. Examples of long-term attacks: a sustained mating attack against the enemy king or a minority attack against the opponent's queenside pawn structure. See also: defence and initiative

Pawn on an otherwise open file, on the 2nd or 3rd rank, which cannot be supported by another pawn, or advanced.

Bishop blocked long-term by pawns on squares of its own colour.

Endgames with few pawns or pieces. Set positions and ideas which can be taught to learners, and which every player should know. 

A bind is a hold on the opponent's position which stops him from freeing it. Usually by means of pawns; a severe type of restraint.

The term used to describe the retention of both bishops. This term is usually used after one of both knights has been exchanged for one of both bishops. The player with the 'bishop pair' theoretically has the advantage over an opponent with two knights, or a bishop and a knight.

Chess played by a strong player without being able to see the board. The player is not blind, but sits with his back to the boards, or wears a blindfold. Moves are called out in notation.

Defined by FIDE (Appendix C) as a game where all the moves must be made within a set time of less than 15 minutes for each side. They are always played with clocks. Some special rules are required. Players need not write down the moves; touch & move does not apply. Instead, a move is completed only when the player starts the opponent's clock. There is usually a provision for a player to stop the clock and claim a draw when there is no way for the opponent to win. Wins on time must be claimed by the player; games are drawn if both flags fall.

The obstruction of an enemy pawn by placing a piece in front of it so that it cannot move.

Also, more generally, the severe restraint of an opponent's position so that it is difficult for him to find active play.

A type of chess played by four players on two boards. Pieces can be moved from one board to another. A checkmate on either board wins the game.

A simultaneous move (the only one in chess) whereby king and rook move past each other. See page for details.

The earliest form of chess. See History of chess.

Any deliberate violation of the Laws of Chess. The most frequent accusations of cheating include violations of the touch and move law (Article 4) and 'no outside help' (Article 12) rules.

A move which attacks the opposing king.

A move which attacks the opposing king, and which the opponent cannot get out of.

Clocks control the timing of chess games. They show separately the time taken by each player. Electronic clocks can also count the moves made, and apply the set time limits for a game.

Chess960, also called Fischer Random Chess, is a variant of chess invented and advocated by former world chess champion Bobby Fischer, announced publicly on June 19, 1996, in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

A forcing sequence of moves, usually has a sacrifice, to gain the advantage. In the diagram White wins with 1.Nh6+ Kh8 2.Qg8+ Rxg8 3.Nf7#. This is both a combination and a smothered mate.

Chess with moves sent by mail. Once popular, especially in remote areas, but now not so popular. It has been hurt by the invention of computer chess engines.

Where a player defends by attacking his opponent instead of making defensive moves. Example: when players castle on opposite wings, both attack each other's king, making as few defensive moves as possible.

A bishop which moves on the dark squares.


An older form of notation, each half of the board describes its squares based in relevance to prices of the board. An E4 opening could be described as King’s Pawn 4 or Queen’s Knight to queen’s Bishop 3. Although this method is very uncommon and superseded by Algebraic Notation, it is still encountered in several chess books. 

A fundamental concept of opening theory. The number of pieces in active play. Can be assessed comparatively, by counting the number of active pieces developed by each side. To some extent, development is reactive. What one player does is affected by what the opponent does. Therefore, development proceeds differently in different openings.

The squares on which bishops move, at 45 to the ranks and files.

A check given by a line-piece when a shielding piece or pawn is moved out of the way. 

The basis of all tactics. It occurs when one move attacks two places at the same time, as might happen with a discovered check, or a fork.

Two pawns of the same colour on the same file which do not have a pawn of the same colour on either of the adjacent files.

Two pawns of the same colour on the same file. Can only happen after a capture by one of the pawns.

One of three potential outcomes of a chess game, the others being Win and Loss. Draws may occur by agreement, by stalemate, or by the expiration of a player's time when the opponent does not possess sufficient material to cause checkmate, i.e. a lone king. In tournament play, a draw results in a score of 0.5 for each player; otherwise the players score 1.0 for a win, and 0.0 for a loss.

A style of play which is "double-edged". Typically, long-term pawn weaknesses may be counterbalanced by piece activity. Dynamism stemmed from the teachings of the 'Hypermodern movement', which challenged the dogma found in more classical teachings, such as those of Wilhelm Steinitz and Siegbert Tarrasch.

The rating system invented by the late Professor Arpad Elo, and used by FIDE since 1970. The system gives a four-figure number which shows how well a player has scored in those games which have been entered into the database. It is an estimate of strength based on results, and is widely used to place players into categories. 2500 and above is grandmaster level.

The stage of the game with few pieces or when queens are exchanged and the middle game is over.

A special method of capturing, only available to a pawn on its fifth rank. See "En passant" rule.

When neither player has an advantage.

May mean:

Developing the bishop at the squares b2, g2, b7 or g7. Also, moving a pawn one square forward to allow this. It is a hallmark of the hypermodern openings: the bishops there do not occupy the centre, but influence it.

"Fédération Internationale des Échecs": the International Chess Federation. The overall governing body of the game.

The game is drawn if 50 moves are played "with no captures and no pawn moves". This is to prevent a player forcing his opponent to play on in a position where no win is possible, yet where three-fold repetition has not happened. The rule is ancient: the Arabic version of the game, Shatranj, had a 70-move rule.

There is an exception to the 50-move rule. There are some positions which require more than 50 moves to win, yet have no captures or pawn moves. They are rare, and many players never see such an event in their lifetime. The circumstance is as follows. Suppose a computer study has shown that a particular position can be won in 58 moves (without pawn moves or captures), but not fewer. This is proved because a computer can try out every alternative. Then the case is published (so FIDE can list it for arbitrators). The cases listed by FIDE in 1988 were:

What FIDE did for these cases was to extend the 50-move rule to 75 moves. However, still more cases were found, many with far more moves needed. At that, FIDE decided to cancel the extension. Now the 50-move rule applies to all games without exception.

Little images of pieces used in diagrams and printed chess scores (moves). Software is available which permits chess authors to compose text with diagrams and figurines. Together with standard symbols, this makes texts available for international sale. For this to apply, the text should have little or no prose, or use a widely understood language like English.

The eight vertical columns on the board, numbered a to h. The phrase "open file" is used when no pawn blocks a file. The phrase "semi-open file" is used when only one pawn blocks a file.

A double attack when one piece, such as a knight, attacks two or three pieces at once.

A method for recording positions. The board is read from a8 to h8, and rank by rank from the black side to the white side. Then the result is written down by hand, putting numbers for blank squares. 
Upper case letters (capitals) are used for white pieces; lower case letters for black pieces. * rnbqkbnr/pppppppp/8/8/8/8/PPPPPPPP/RNBQKBNR is the starting position.

A chess opening in which a player offers a pawn (or more) for fast development and an attack. Examples:

Grading or rating: a number which indicates how likely one player is to beat another. A competitive ranking list based solely on results.

The situation where a player, in error, moves a piece to where it can be captured without an exchange. For instance, player A. just hung his or her bishop.

A group of players in the early 1920s who had new ideas on openings; and any of the openings they promoted.

The situation where one player is making threats, and his opponent must respond to them. The attacking player is said to "have the initiative" and can often dictate the way the game develops.

Isolated pawns do not have a pawn of the same colour on either of the adjacent files. An Isolated Queens Pawn, or 'IQP' for short, is one of the most common types of Isolated Pawns. Openings with an IQP lead to distinctive <nowiki>middlegame</nowiki> strategies.

Means 'I adjust'; said before adjusting a piece on the board during a game. Usually occurs when a player has made a move, and carelessly left the piece overlapping the square.

Kriegspiel ('War game') is an unorthodox chess game in which the players only know for certain the moves of their own pieces. They have to deduce where the opponent's pieces are by questioning an umpire. It is played on three boards with partitions between them. The umpire sits with the middle board with the true position. Players are permitted to ask two kinds of question. "Can I move here?" and "Are there any?" (meaning pawn captures). The umpire replies accordingly. Checks and captures are announced by the umpire, and provide more clues. The game was invented by Henry Michael Temple (1862–1928).

Chess played with human beings as pieces on a giant board. A spectacle which has been performed since the 15th century. Usually, masters or other celebrities decide the moves, and a steward with a stick instructs the 'pieces' where to move.

Luft, the German word for "air" (sometimes also "space" or "breath"), is sometimes used for a space made by a pawn move. Especially it means a space made for the king to avoid a back rank checkmate. 

Queen or rook.

Not a game, but a series of games. Used of team events or a series of games between two players.

Material refers to the chess pieces other than the king, and their respective values. Traditional material values given to the pieces are: Queen (9); Rook (5); Bishop and Knight (3.0); Pawn (1.0), although the values are the subject of substantial discussion.

The part of the game which follows the opening. Plans are formed, based on the position, and put into action.

Bishop or knight.

The method of writing down chess moves. See also Forsyth notation.

The start of the game, about a dozen moves. Openings have names, and extensive theory has been worked out by masters. Traditionally, the opening ends when minor pieces (knights and bishops) have been developed, and players have castled. However, modern openings go much further, into the early middlegame. See development.

A line in a particular opening. For example, in the Sicilian defence there are many different lines which are called variations.

Outpost

A position on the chess board where a piece is close to the enemy but difficult for the opponent to remove. There is no reason it has to be a knight, nor does it have to be protected by a pawn.

Overworked, also known as overloaded, is a tactical weakness in chess where a piece is tasked to defend multiple threats at the same time. In many cases, this results in the overworked piece being unable to move and/or being forced to prioritize which task it can preform in order to mitigate loses.

A situation arising from opposite-side castling. One, or both players, advance their pawns towards their opponent's king. This is usually not done on same-side castling, as advancing the pawns in front of one's own king is generally unsafe.

Checking someone seemingly infinitely, forcing a draw by checking someone indefinitely with no way of avoiding the checks.

When a piece does not move because to do so would expose a more valuable piece to capture. Pins against the king are absolute because it is illegal to move the pinned piece.

Play dominated by long-term manoeuvring, not short-term attacks and threats. It needs judgement more than calculation. The term is contrasted with tactics.

A chess problem is an artificial construction, not part of the game, but using a board and pieces. It is a separate intellectual activity. Chess problems have a history as long as the game itself, and their own terminology. The Arabs (9th/10th centuries) used specially composed positions ("mansurbat") as teaching devices; the idea of specifying a set number of moves to mate is European. Problem solving tournaments are held, and there is a World Championship for problem solvers. There are also international prizes for problem composers.

Promotion is what happens when a pawn reaches the other side of the board (that is, the 8th rank) and cannot move further. Then it becomes any other piece on the board, except the king. Players usually promote their pawns to a queen (called "queening") because it is the most powerful piece on the board. There are cases where a player might want to promote a pawn to a knight, rook, or bishop instead. This is called an "underpromotion", but they almost never happen, as almost all promotions are made to a queen.

A key concept of positional chess. It is a move, or sequence of moves, to deal with an opponent's plan before it starts. Sometimes one can completely stop the threat; sometimes one just makes the plan relatively harmless. The idea was spelled out in detail in Nimzovich's books "My system" and "Chess praxis". Prophylactic moves are often seen in games by Capablanca, Petrosian and Karpov.

The idea of choosing the layout of the pieces on the back row at random. The point is to avoid opening knowledge. White picks the pieces out of a bag and places them left to right; Black places his pieces on the corresponding squares. Alternatively, each player places his own pieces at random, producing two different arrays. The idea has been tried several times in the last 200 years, but has never caught on. There are problems. Usually special rules are needed for the king (castling?) and the bishops (no two bishops on the same colour squares). More serious is the great difficulty players experience in getting the pieces to work together.

The horizontal eight lines on the board, labelled 1 to 8.

Rapidplay (FIDE Laws, Appendix B) is a game where each player has a set time for all the moves. That time can be from 15 to 60 minutes. Players need not record the moves. The touch & move rule is usually put aside by the organiser; if so starting the opponent's clock is the official end of a move. In other words, a player can change his mind so long as his own clock is running.

Removing the defender, also known as removing the guard, is a chess tactic where a chess piece is either captured or forced to move in order to eliminate the protection of an opponent's piece.

To concede loss of the game. A resignation is usually done by stopping the clock, and sometimes by offering a handshake or saying "I resign".

The intentional loss of material to get a more important result. Often the start of a combination.

The intentional exchange of piece of greater value for a piece of smaller value in order to get a more important result. For instance, the exchange of a rook for a minor piece (bishop or knight), or the exchange of a queen for a rook.

The sheet of paper used to write down the moves of a game in progress. During formal games both players must record the game using a score sheet.

Made when a game is adjourned. Score sheet with move and position are placed in an envelope, and played on the board when the game is resumed.

When a master plays a number of opponents at the same time. Usually arranged as a ring of tables, with the master moving round inside, and the opponents outside. Players move when the master arrives at their board, master replies and moves on.

Like a pin, but the valuable piece is in front. So black B, white K and white R on a diagonal in that order wins the rook.
Unlike the fork, a skewer only works with a line piece (B, R, Q).

Where a player is not in check, but has no legal moves. It is a draw in modern chess.

A chess or endgame study is a position which is made to show an interesting point. It is usual for studies to be endgame positions. Unlike chess problems, studies are connected to the game.

A term in positional chess, where a player loses ground because he/she has to make a move. See Zugzwang.

A series of symbols are in wide use. They help annotate games of chess.

Short-term attacks requiring exact calculation, sometimes called 'forcing sequences'. It is contrasted with positional play, which is long-term strategy.

In chess, a single move. A loss of a tempo would be taking two moves where one would do. This may, or may not, be critical in the early stages of a game.

Article 4 of the Laws of Chess. If the player to play touches a piece, it must be moved if possible. If there is no legal move, then the player may make any legal move. See also J'adoube, which permits adjustment of pieces without penalty.

To arrive at the same position from different move orders. Common in certain openings, such as the Modern defence.

A trebuchet is a type of reciprocal zugzwang occurring in pawn endgames, where each King is attacking the others pawn and whoever it is to move loses.

A position, usually in an ending, where the player to move loses because he/she must move. A more complex definition is given by Hooper:

An "in between move", where a player, instead of playing the expected move, first inserts a move which the opponent must answer, before making the expected move.

Emperor Chūai

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

Chūai is almost certainly a legend; but the "Kojiki" and "Nihonshoki" record his name. He was a grandson of Emperor Keikō.

Chūai's wife is known as Empress Jingū. Her son would become known as Emperor Ōjin.

The limited information about Chūai does not imply that no such person ever existed. Very little information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Chūai.

The actual site of his grave is not known. According to the Imperial Household Agency, this emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Fujiidera of Osaka Prefecture.


Empress Jingū

, also known as was a legendary empress of Japan. Although her name was once included in the traditional order of succession, she is now considered as a regent.

Historians consider details about the life of Empress Jingū to be mythical; and the name Jingū"-tennō" was created for her posthumously by later generations.

No certain dates can be assigned to this empress's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

Jingū is almost certainly a legend; but the "Kojiki" and "Nihonshoki" record her name.

Jingū was the principle wife of Emperor Chūai. Her son would become known as Emperor Ōjin. The "Gukanshō" mentions her, but she is not included on the list of persons born within the line of Imperial descent.

The limited information about Jingū does not imply that no such person ever existed. Very little information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.

After the death of Chūai, Jingū also served as regent, according to the oracle of Sumiyoshi-jinja, until her son was old enough to be emperor. 
This empress' official name after her death (her posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Jingū.

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the empress's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun"). Jingū is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Nara.

In the centuries before the Meiji period, Jingū was known as the 15th Japanese imperial ruler, according to the traditional order of succession. However, Jingū's name is now removed from the official list of emperors of Japan. Jingū's son, Emperor Ōjin, is today considered to have been the 15th emperor in the order of succession.



Hypermodern

The hypermoderns were a school of chess players who set out to rethink some of the principles of chess openings. The name was given to them by the Polish-French grandmaster Tartakower.

The key idea was, in reaction to the older ideas of Siegbert Tarrasch, to dispute control of the centre by more subtle methods. Whereas old theory was to occupy the centre with two or three pawns immediately, the hypermoderns concentrated more on attacking the opponent's centre. A characteristic first move was 1Nf3 with White, or 1...Nf6 with Black, especially in reply to 1d4. To 1e4 they favoured an asymmetric defence such as 1...e6 or 1...c5 rather than the classical reply 1...e5. 

Nimzovich was the founder, and Alekhine, Tartakower, Réti, Grünfeld, and Bogolyubov all took part. All were top grandmasters of the 1920s and 30s. Several modern openings owe their popularity to this group: Alekhine's Defence (1e4 Nf6); Réti's Opening (1Nf3); the King's Indian Defence (1d4 Nf6 2c4 g6 3Nc3 Bg7); the Grünfeld Defence (1d4 Bf6 2c4 g6 3Nc3 d5) and the Modern Defence (1...g6).

Confidence interval

In statistics, a confidence interval, abbreviated as CI, is a tool that people use when they collect data in order to estimate a certain parameter, such as the mean (average) of a population. A confidence interval gives a range of values that tells others how good we think our estimate is. 

Each confidence interval depends on certain properties of the sample(s) that we use to make it. For example, a confidence interval that is made from a sample of 5000 people is going to be much better than a confidence interval made from a sample of only 5 people. 

We usually give confidence intervals as a percentage, such as 95%. These percentages are called confidence levels. 

The term "confidence" has a similar meaning in statistics, as in common use. In common usage, a claim to 95% confidence in something is normally taken as indicating near certainty. In statistics, a claim to 95% confidence simply means that the researcher has seen one possible interval from a large number of possible ones, from which 19 out of 20 intervals contain the true value of the parameter. 

A machine fills cups with margarine. It is adjusted so that the content of the cups is 250g of margarine. As the machine cannot fill every cup with exactly 250g, the content added to individual cups shows some variation, and is considered a random variable X.

This variation is assumed to be normally distributed around the desired average of 250g, with a standard deviation of 2.5g. To check if the machine is adequately calibrated, a sample of "n" = 25 cups of margarine is chosen at random, and the cups are weighed. The weights of margarine are "X", ..., "X", a random sample from "X".

To get an impression of the expectation μ, an estimate is needed. The appropriate estimator is the sample mean: 

The sample shows actual weights "x", ...,"x", with mean:

If we take another sample of 25 cups, we could easily expect to find values like 250.4 or 251.1 grams. A sample mean value of 280 grams, however, would be extremely rare if the mean content of the cups is in fact close to 250g. 

There is a whole interval around the observed value 250.2 of the sample mean within which, if the whole population mean actually takes a value in this range, the observed data would not be considered particularly unusual. Such an interval is called a confidence interval for the parameter "μ". 

To calculate such an interval, the endpoints of the interval have to be calculated from the sample, so they are statistics, functions of the sample "X", ..., "X", and hence are random variables themselves.

In our case, we may determine the endpoints by considering that the sample mean from a normally distributed sample is also normally distributed, with the same expectation "μ", but with standard error "σ"/√"n" = 0.5 (grams). By standardizing, we get a random variable

which depends on the parameter μ to be estimated, but with a standard normal distribution independent of the parameter "μ". Hence it is possible to find numbers −"z" and "z", independent of "μ", where "Z" lies in between with probability 1 − α, a measure of how confident we want to be. We take 1 - α = 0.95. So we have:

The number "z" follows from the cumulative distribution function:

and we get:

This might be interpreted as: with probability 0.95, we will find a confidence interval in which we will meet the parameter "μ" between the stochastic endpoints 

and

This does not mean that there is 0.95 probability of meeting the parameter μ in the calculated interval. Every time the measurements are repeated, there will be another value for the mean of the sample. In 95% of the cases, "μ" will be between the endpoints calculated from this mean, but in 5% of the cases, it will not be. The actual confidence interval is calculated by entering the measured weights in the formula. Our 0.95 confidence interval becomes:

As the desired value 250 of "μ" is within the resulted confidence interval, there is no reason to believe the machine is wrongly calibrated.

The calculated interval has fixed endpoints, where μ might be in between (or not). Thus this event has probability either 0 or 1. We "cannot" say: "with probability (1 − α), the parameter "μ" lies in the confidence interval." We only know that by repetition in 100(1 − α) % of the cases, μ will be in the calculated interval. In 100α % of the cases, however, it does not. And unfortunately we do not know in which of the cases this happens. That is why we say: "with confidence level 100(1 − α) %, "μ" lies in the confidence interval."

The figure on the right shows 50 realisations of a confidence interval for a given population mean μ. If we randomly choose one realisation, the probability that it contains the parameter is 95%. However, it is also possible that we may have unluckily picked the wrong one as well.


Emperor Richū

Some scholars identify him with King San in the Book of Song. King San sent messengers to the Song Dynasty at least twice in 421 and 425; and this historical person was succeeded by his younger brother.

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty. 

According to "Nihonshoki" and "Kojiki", he was the first son of Emperor Nintoku.

Richū had two sons; but he was followed on the throne by his brother, who would become known as Emperor Hanzei. The enthronement of Hanzei by-passed Richū's two sons. Few other details have survived.

Two of Richū's grandsons would attain the throne as Emperor Kenzō and as Emperor Ninken.

Very little is known about the events of Richū's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei. 

In his sixth year of his reign, Richū died. 

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Richū. 

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun") at Sakai. Richū is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") which is associated with the burial mound.


Jacobitism

Jacobitism was (and, to a much smaller extent, is) the political movement that tried to put the Stuart kings back onto the thrones of England, Scotland, and Kingdom of Ireland. The movement took its name from the Latin form "Jacobus" of the name of King James II and VII.

Jacobitism began after the deposition of James II and VII in 1688. He was replaced by his daughter Mary II jointly with her husband and first cousin William of Orange. The Stuarts lived on the European mainland after that, sometimes trying to get back the throne with the help of France or Spain. The most important places of Jacobitism were Ireland and Scotland, especially the Scottish Highlands. In England, Jacobitism was strongest in the north, and some support was also in Wales.

A great number of Catholic people liked Jacobitism. They hoped the Stuarts would end bad laws. Lots of different helped the military campaigns for all sorts of reasons. In Scotland the Jacobite cause became a lasting romantic memory.



Tadao Horie

Horie was born in Hamamatsu on September 13, 1913. He played for Waseda WMW, which was consisted of players from his alma mater, Waseda University. At that club, he played with many futures Japan national team players, such as Motoo Tatsuhara, Yasuo Suzuki, and others.

In May 1934, when Horie was a Waseda University student, he was selected by the Japan national team for the Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At that competition, on May 15, he debuted against Philippines. In 1936, he was also selected by Japan for the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin. At the 1936 Summer Olympics, he played against Sweden, and Japan completed a come-from-behind victory. It was the first victory in the Olympics for Japan and a historic victory over one of the powerhouses, the team became later known as the "Miracle of Berlin" () in Japan. In 2016, the team was selected for the Japan Football Hall of Fame. However, he fractured his right arm in the match, and could not play in the next game against Italy. He played three games for Japan until 1936.

After 1936 Summer Olympics, Horie retired from his playing career and joined the Asahi Shimbun. In 1951, he became a professor at his alma mater, Waseda University. He also became a manager for Waseda University and instructed many international players like Shigeo Yaegashi, Saburo Kawabuchi, Masakatsu Miyamoto, Kunishige Kamamoto, and others.

On March 29, 2003, Horie died of pneumonia in Nakano, Tokyo at the age of 89.

!Total||3||0


Maksim Shatskikh

Maksim Shatskikh (born 30 August 1978) is a Uzbekistani football player. He plays for Arsenal Kyiv and Uzbekistan national team.

84||23
213||97
15||9
312||129

!Total||46||30

Dynamo Kyiv

Uzbekistan

Pakhtakor

Individual

John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough

John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough (26 May 1650 – 16 June 1722) was an important English soldier and statesman. He lived through the rules of five monarchs through the late 17th and early 18th centuries. Rising from a lowly page at the court of the House of Stuart, he faithfully served the Duke of York through the 1670s and early 1680s. This gave him military and political advancement through his brave, clever skill. Churchill helped secure James on the throne. 

However, just three years later he left his Catholic teacher for the Protestant Dutchman, William of Orange. For his help in the Glorious Revolution, William at his coronation made him Earl of Marlborough (pronounced /'mɔ:l bɹə/). He served in the early years of the Nine Years' War and became famous. However, charges of Jacobitism made him fall from office. For some time, he was imprisoned in the Tower. When Queen Anne came to throne in 1702, however, Marlborough secured his fame and lots of money.

His marriage to the quick-tempered Sarah Jennings – Anne's close friend – helped Marlborough's rise. He first became the Captain-Generalcy of British forces. Then he became a duke. Later, he became the richest of all Anne's subjects. Although in the end he could not completely crush his enemies, his victories allowed Britain to rise to very great power. Through him, the country grew more and more rich through the 18th century.



Pierre Njanka

Pierre Njanka (born 15 March 1975) is a Cameroonian football player. He has played for Cameroon national team.

24||0
120||0
5||0
149||0

!Total||37||2

Rigobert Song

Rigobert Song Bahanag (born 1 July 1976) is a former Cameroonian football player. He played for Trabzonspor and the Cameroonian national team. He is the first African who has played in four World Cups. He is regarded as one of the greatest African football players of all time.

186||6
4||1
57||0
16||0
136||4
399||11

!Total||137||5

Wolfgang Feiersinger

Wolfgang Feiersinger (born 30 January 1965) is a former Austrian football player. He has played for Austria national team.
Wolfgang Feiersinger started playing football at his local club 1. Saalfeldner SK. 1986 he went to Austria Salzburg, now known as FC Red Bull Salzburg. With this club he became runner up of the Austrian Bundesliga in 1992 and 1993. His first championship he reached 1994. He was part of the team which reached the UEFA Cup final in the 1993/94 season. In 1996 he went on to Borussia Dortmund where he played in the Championsleague due to the injury of Matthias Samer. But in the final he was not even part of the team which won the UEFA Championsleague. Then he came back to Austria playing for LASK Linz and again for Austria Salzburg. In 2002 he finished his professional career but played for the amateur squad of PSV Schwarz-Weiß Salzburg.

He played 46 matches for the national football team as defender but also as offensive midfielder. He was member of Austrias teame for the FIFA World Cup 1998 in France. Since 2009 he works as host in an alpine hut (Hochwildalmhütte Aurach). His daughter Laura plays for FC Bayern München in the German women league.

248||7
57||0
305||7

!Total||45||0

Ernst Happel

Ernst Franz Hermann Happel (29 November 1925 – 14 November 1992) was a former Austrian football player and football coach. He played for SK Rapid Wien, RC Paris and the Austria national team.
Happel started professionally at the age of 17 with SK Rapid Wien as defender. He played only from 1955 till 1956 for another club. In 1999 he was elected for Rapids team of the century.

He played his first match for Austria in September 1947 against Hungary. He was a member of the squad for the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland and and the 1958 World Cup in Sweden. His last match was in September 1958 against Yugoslavia. He played 51 times in the team and shot 5 goals.



240||25
42||9
282||34
!Total||51||5

Baboon

Baboons are monkeys of the genus Papio. They are one of the largest kinds of monkey. It is an intelligent Old World monkey. It lives on the ground in groups called troops. Troops can be as small as a few baboons or as big as several hundred members.

Baboons live in forests and on savannahs in Africa and on the Arabian Peninsula. As they move into the open land, the family groups come together into groups several hundred strong, led by adult males that work together to protect the others from predators.

Baboons are omnivores (they eat both plants and meat). They eat grasses, roots, insects and other small animals, like lizards, small mammals, fish, birds, and snakes. In some places, they steal food from humans.

Leopards, cheetahs, African wild dogs, lions, hyenas and people hunt the baboon. To scare the predator away, baboons can show their eyelids, show their teeth, chase the predator, and make noise.

To understand their lives, one must see them in their natural environment.

Friedrich Koncilia

Friedrich (Friedl) Koncilia (born 25 February 1948) is a former Austrian football player mainly for FK Austria Wien. He has also played for Austria national team.
At the age of 14 he came to KAC, an icehockeyclub, but the coach of the football department brought him to football. He played in Austria for Austria Klagenfurt, SSW Innsbruck and Austria Wien. Abroad he played for RSC Anderlecht. He is one of the most successful goalkeepers in Austria. During his career he was 8 times Austrian Champion and six times Cup winner and played 526 league matches, 76 Cup matches and 51 matches in European cups.

For Austria he played 85 matches, his first international match was on 27 September 1970 versus Hungary. His last match was in 1985. For Austria he played in the FIFA World Cup 1978 where he played in the legendary match versus Germany in Cordoba and 1982.

He was chosen as goalkeeper for a FIFA-selection playing versus Argentinia on 25 June 1979 He was goalkeeper in the 2nd half time. He was also goalkeeper in an UEFA-team playing versus CSSR, which celebrated the 70th anniversary.

After the end of his playing career he became coach for Austria Wien, Gamba Osaka and Brandl-Bau Ischl.

459||0
8||0
467||0

!Total||84||0

Toni Polster

Toni Polster (born 10 March 1964) is a former Austrian football player. He has played for Austria national team.

159||121
27||9
171||83
189||94
546||307

!Total||95||44

Daisuke Saito (footballer, born 1980)

Daisuke Saito (born 29 August 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vegalta Sendai.

254||8||11||0||17||0||282||8
254||8||11||0||17||0||282||8


Daisuke Saito

Daisuke Saito can refer to:

Naohito Hirai

Hirai retired in 2010.
208||0||8||0||25||0||241||0
208||0||8||0||25||0||241||0


Emperor Nintoku

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

According to "Nihon Shoki", Nintoku was the fourth son of Emperor Ōjin and the father of three emperors — Richū, Hanzei, and Ingyō .

Very little is known about the events of Nintoku's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.
Nintoku's reign is marked by Japan's first large-scale engineering projects.

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Nintoku.

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun") at Sakai. Nintoku is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") which is associated with the burial mound.


Irukandji jellyfish

The Irukandji Jellyfish, "Carukia barnesi", is a species of jellyfish. It lives in the waters of northern Australia. It is a very deadly jellyfish. The Irukandji is only 2.5 centimeters (with bell and tentacles) in diameter. This makes it hard to find. The Irukandji is believed to be the most poisonous creature in the world. Some people are not sure if that is true.

The Irukandjis' name comes from an Australian Aboriginal tribe. The tribe lived in the Palm Cove region of North Queensland. When the Irukandji people were stung by the Irukandji, there are many symptoms. This includes:

Sometimes, people may also get fluid on their lungs (pulmonary oedema), hypertension, and heart failure.

The Irukandji has killed at least two swimmers in Australia. In 2002, Richard Jordon came to Australia as a tourist. He was a 58 year old British man. He was stung while swimming off Hamilton Island. Jordon died a few days later. There may have been more deaths which doctors did not know were caused by the jellyfish.

The Irukandji is related to another jellyfish. This is the box jellyfish, "Chironex Fleckeri". Irukandji was identified in 1964 by a Cairns doctor, Jack Barnes. Because of this, its scientific name is named after him. When people were getting hurt in the sea, Barnes was sure it was because of a jellyfish. He put on diving equipment and lay on the sea floor for six days until he discovered it. When Barnes discovered the Irukandji jellyfish, he tested its sting on himself, his son, and a lifeguard. They all had to be taken to the hospital.

Irukandji has stingers – not only on its tentacles, but also on its bell. It is very small and weak. Because of this, sudden force may kill it. So, it cannot be kept in a normal aquarium. The first Irukandji jellyfish in captivity was born in Townsville, Queensland.

Emperor Yūryaku

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

According to the "Kojiki" and "Nihonshoki", Yūryaku was the fifth and youngest son of Emperor Ingyō.

He was the brother of Emperor Ankō.

Yūryaku was followed on the throne by his son, who would come to be known as Emperor Seinei.

Very little is known about the events of Yūryaku's life and rule. Only limited facts can be studied before the rule of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.

After Ankō's death, Yūryaku overcame others in the struggle for power. He became the new emperor.

Yūryaku is known as a patron of silk. It is said that he encouraged growing mulberry bushes for silkworms to eat.

Poems that are said to be Yūryaku's are included in the "Manyōshū". A number of his verses are kept in the "Kojiki" and the "Nihonshoki."

He is credited with bringing many artisans from Korea to Japan.

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Yūryaku.

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun"). This emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") which is associated with the burial mound.


Kia Carens

The Kia Carens is a MPV produced by Kia Motors in 1999 and 2019. It is now in its Third generation, and is called Kia Rondo on the North American market.

Renault FR1

The Renault FR1 is a bus produced by Renault from 1987 to 1997. 

The FR1 has a 9.8 litre 6-cylinder turbo diesel engine with 223 kW/303 hp or 250 kW/340 hp respectively.

In 1997, the FR1 received a facelift and were renamed Renault Iliade.

Kia Soul

The Kia Soul is a car produced by Kia since 2008. It is based on the Hyundai i20 and Kia Venga's platform. It entered its second generation in 2013. 

The Soul is available with 1.6 and 2.0 litre petrol engines with 93 kW/126 hp and 106 kW/144 hp respectively, and a 1.6 litre turbo diesel engine with 94 kW/128 hp.

Kia Rio

The North American Kia Rio was a car produced by Kia Motors from 1999 to 2023.

The first generation was produced from 2000 to 2005, and was available with 1.3 and 1.5 litre petrol engines with 55 kW/75 hp and 72 kW/98 hp respectively.

The second generation was produced from 2005 to 2011, and was available with a 1.4 litre petrol engine in two versions with 55 kW/75 hp and 71 kW/97 hp respectively, a 1.6 litre petrol engine with 82 kW/112 hp and a 1.5 litre turbo diesel engine with 81 kW/110 hp. It was based on the Hyundai Getz's platform.

Both generations were available as 4-door saloon and 5-door hatchback.

The third generation was produced from 2011 to 2017, and the fourth generation was produced from 2017 to 2023. Currently, the Kia Rio continues in production, except in North America, where it is replaced by the Kia K3.

Kia Magentis

The Kia Magentis is a car produced by Kia Motors. It is the successor of the Kia Clarus, and is based on the Hyundai Sonata's platform.

The first generation were produced from 2000 to 2006. It is available with a 2.0 litre 4-cylinder petrol engine with 100 kW/136 hp and a 2.5 litre 6-cylinder petrol engine with 124 kW/169 hp.

The second generation were launched in 2006. It were until 2009 available with 2.0 and 2.4 litre 4-cylinder petrol engines with 106 kW/144 hp and 120 kW/163 hp respectively, a 2.7 litre 6-cylinder petrol engine with 139 kW/189 hp and a 2.0 litre 4-cylinder turbo diesel engine with 103 kW/140 hp.

In 2009, the Magentis received a facelift. The engines available are now 2.0 and 2.4 litre 4-cylinder petrol engines with 121 kW/164 hp and 130 kW/175 hp respectively, a 2.7 litre 6-cylinder petrol engine with 142 kW/193 hp and a 2.0 litre 4-cylinder turbo diesel engine with 110 kW/150 hp.

In some counties, the first generation Magentis is known as Kia Lotze, and the second generation as Kia Optima.

Kia Carnival

The Kia Carnival is a minivan produced by Kia Motors.

The first generation was launched in 1999, and was based on the Ford Windstar's platform. It was available with a 2.5 litre 6-cylinder petrol engine with 121 kW/165 hp and a 2.9 litre 4-cylinder turbo diesel engine with 93 kW/126 hp.

It got a facelift in 2001, and was available until 2006 with a 2.5 litre 6-cylinder petrol engine with 110 kW/150 hp and a 2.9 litre 4-cylinder turbo diesel engine with 106 kW/144 hp.

In 2006, the second generation was launched, and was based on the Hyundai Entourage's platform. It was available with 2.7 and 3.8 litre 6-cylinder petrol engines with 139 kW/189 hp and 187 kW/254 hp respectively, and a 2.9 litre 4-cylinder turbo diesel engine with 136 kW/185 hp. This generation was available until 2015.

The third generation was launched in 2015 and was available until 2021, and it is now currently in its fourth generation as of 2021, and has room for 11 passengers. The Kia Carnival is also now available in North America replacing the Kia Sedona.

Kia cee'd

The Kia cee'd is a car produced by Kia since 2006.

It is based on the Hyundai i30's platform, and is available as 3- and 5-door hatchback and 5-door station wagon.

The engines available is 1.4, 1.6 and 2.0 litre petrol engines with 80 kW/109 hp, 92 kW/125 hp and 105 kW/143 hp respectively, a 1.6 litre turbo diesel engine in two versions with 66 kW/90 hp and 85 kW/115 hp respectively, and a 2.0 litre turbo diesel engine with 103 kW/140 hp.

The cee'd received a facelift in 2009. The 1.4 litre petrol engine was changed to 66 kW/90 hp instead of 80 kW/109 hp.

Volkswagen Touran

The Volkswagen Touran is a car produced by Volkswagen, launched in 2003.

It is based on the platform of the fifth generation Volkswagen Golf, and were from start available with a 1.6 litre MPI petrol engine with 75 kW/102 hp, 1.6 and 2.0 litre FSI petrol engines with 85 kW/115 hp and 110 kW/150 hp respectively, and 1.9 and 2.0 litre TDI diesel engines with 74 kW/100 hp and 100 kW/136 hp respectively.

The diesel engines received an update in 2004. The 1.9 litre TDI engine are now available in 66 kW/90 hp and 77 kW/105 hp versions, and the 2.0 litre TDI engine has now 103 kW/140 hp.

The Touran received an facelift in late 2006. Both the 1.6 and 2.0 litre FSI petrol engines were replaced by a 1.4 litre TSI petrol engine in 103 kW/140 hp and 125 kW/170 hp versions. The 2.0 litre TDI engine were now also available in a 125 kW/170 hp version.

Rade Bogdanović

Rade Bogdanović (born 21 May 1970) is a former Serbian football player. He has played for the Serbian national team.

147||50
16||8
14||6
13||6
75||15
265||85

!Total||3||2

Atsushi Katagiri

Atsushi Katagiri (born 1 August 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Ventforet Kofu.

135||36||13||4||5||1||153||41
135||36||13||4||5||1||153||41

Carlos Gamarra

Carlos Gamarra (born 17 February 1971) is a former Paraguayan football player. He has played for Paraguay national team.

109||5
8||0
127||11
13||0
32||1
24||0
27||0
340||17

!Total||110||12

Flávio Conceição

Flávio Conceição (born 12 June 1974) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

74||7
142||10
14||1
27||2
14||1
271||21

!Total||45||4

Nariyasu Yasuhara

19||0||3||1||2||0||24||1
19||0||3||1||2||0||24||1

Masafumi Nakaguchi

Masafumi Nakaguchi (born 10 April 1972) is a former Japanese football player. He manages Sagawa Shiga.


Emperor Ankan

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

According to "Kojiki" Ankan was the elder son of Emperor Keitai.

Ankan died childless, and the throne passed to his brother, who would become known as Emperor Senka.

Very little is known about the events of Ankan's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.

Ankan attained the Imperial throne when his father, Emperor Keitai, abdicated in his favor.

The construction of state granaries in large numbers throughout Japan was a demonstration of the broad reach of Imperial power and concerns.

His death ended his reign after only four years.

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Ankan.

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun"). Ankan is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") which is associated with the burial mound.


Emperor Senka

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

According to "Kojiki", Senka was a son of Emperor Keitai. 

When Emperor Ankan died childless, the throne passed to his brother Senka.

Very little is known about the events of Senka's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei. 

During this reign, Soga no Iname became the first verifiable "Great Minister" or "Omi" (also identified as "Ō-omi").

The reign of Emperor Senka lasted for three years. 

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Senka. 

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun"). Senka is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") which is associated with the burial mound.


Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging

The Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging (AWB) is a South African political party for the white Afrikaner people, the Boers. It was formed in 1973 by Eugène Terre'Blanche. He led the party until his death in 2010. It is now led by Steyn van Ronge.

They are a party for the white South Africans who want their own nation. They want to name it "Boerestaat". The party is not as extreme as other parties who want to kick out all the black South Africans. The AWB simply wants a state within SA borders.

The AWB also wants to go back to apartheid, or at least some of them want it. And they want to end the killing of white people by black people. The organisation is not violent, but it used to be back in the 1990s.

XNOR gate

The XNOR gate is a logic gate that outputs 1 (true) when both of its inputs are equal. If only one output is high(1) the output is low (0).
It is opposite of XOR GATE.

There are three symbols for the XNOR gate:

Efim Bogolyubov

Efim Bogolyubov (14 April 1889 – 18 June 1952) was a Ukrainian–German chess grandmaster who won numerous events and played two matches with Alexander Alekhine for the world championship. His weak point, it is said, was over-optimism, but at his best he was one of the world's leading players.

After the World War I, he won international tournaments at Berlin 1919, Stockholm 1919, Stockholm 1920, Kiel 1921, and Pistyan (Pieštany) 1922. He tied for 1st–3rd at Karlsbad (Karlovy Vary) 1923.

In 1924 Bogoljubow briefly returned to Russia, which had since become the Soviet Union, and won consecutive USSR championships in 1924 and 1925. He also won at Breslau (Wroclaw) 1925, and in Moscow 1925, ahead of a field which included Emanuel Lasker and José Raúl Capablanca.

In 1926, he emigrated to Germany. He won, ahead of Akiba Rubinstein that year at Berlin. At Bad Kissingen 1928, he triumphed (+6 –1 =4) over a field which included Capablanca, Nimzovich and Savielly Tartakower. Bogoljubov won two matches against Max Euwe (both 5.5–4.5) in 1928 and 1928/29 in Holland. He played matches for the World Chess Championship twice against Alekhine, losing 15.5–9.5 in 1929, and 15.5–10.5 in 1934.

He represented Germany at first board in the 4th Chess Olympiad at Prague 1931, winning the individual silver medal (+9 –1 =7). Bogoljubov continued to have good tournament results throughout the 1930s.

During World War II, he lost a match to Euwe (+2 –5 =3) at Krefeld 1941, and drew a mini-match with Alekhine (+1 –1 =0) at Warsaw 1943. He also played in numerous tournaments held in Nazi-held territory throughout the war. After the war, he lived in West Germany. In 1947, he won in Lüneburg, and Kassel. In 1949 he won in Bad Pyrmont (3rd West GER-ch), and tied for 1st-2nd in Oldenburg. In 1951, he won in Augsburg, and Saarbrücken.

He was awarded the grandmaster title by the World Chess Federation (FIDE) in 1951.

The Bogo-Indian Defence (1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nf3 Bb4+) is named after Bogolyubov.


Imperial Household Agency

The is a government agency of Japan. This bureaucracy is concerned with Imperial House of Japan (Japan's imperial family).

"Kunaichō" keeps the Privy Seal of Japan and the State Seal of Japan.

In the 18 centuries before the Second World War, it was named the .

The current Grand Steward is Shingo Haketa.

The organization and functions of the Imperial Household were established in the eighth century. The fundamental elements of this system evolved during the course of centuries.

The main focus of attention is the living Imperial family. At the same time, the agency looks 890+ sites which may contain the remains of imperial family members.

The Grand Steward is charged with overseeing all activities of today's agency. 

The basic structures remained in place until the Meiji Restoration; and some elements of the ancient organizing template remain:

Imperial Household Agency became an external agency of the Cabinet Office.____________________

Imperial Household Office was organized under The Imperial Household Law of 1947 along with the current The Constitution of Japan which was adopted in the post-war period____________________

Imperial Household Ministry was organized under the Imperial House Law of 1889 and the Meiji Constitution which was proclaimed in the course of the Meiji Restoration____________________

Ministry of the Imperial Household was organized under the Taiho Code, which was adopted in during the reign of Emperor Monmu.




Operating environment

In computers, an operating environment is the environment in which you can use the operating system with, but is not the whole operating system on its own. For example, Windows 3.x was not considered a full operating system since it ran on top of MS-DOS.


Adelong, New South Wales

Adelong is a small town in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia. It is a part of the Tumut Shire. About 1400 people live in the Adelong district, and 829 people live in the town. The town is about 160 kilometres west of Canberra on the Snowy Mountains Highway. The town's name comes from an Aboriginal word meaning "along the way" or "plain with a river".

Hamilton Hume and William Hovell were the first Europeans in to visit the area on their way back to Sydney in 1825. They described it as "rough and difficult country."
Adelong was settled between 1840 and 1850. Gold was discovered at Adelong by a William Williams in 1857. The gold was on the top of Victoria Hill and was part of the Old Hill Reef. Alluvial gold was found in both Adelong Creek and Golden Gully in the same year. Adelong quickly became an important goldfield. Adelong Post Office opened on 1 January 1859.

By 1859 a number of gold reefs were being mined, including the Old Reef and the Great Victoria Mine. Between 1859 and 1876, 3,798 kilograms of gold was mined. During the gold rush the population grew to more than 30,000 people. Over 25 tonnes of gold was mined from 1857 to the close of the mines in 1914. The National Trust of Australia has listed the main street of Adelong and a number of buildings as being important historical places.

A number of narrow tramway tracks were built in the mine area. Adelong is one of the only two gold mining areas in New South Wales known to have used a steam locomotive on its tramways.
During the gold rush many Chinese people worked in the mines. Many died and were buried in a special part of the Adelong cemetery. The Chinese part of the cemetery was destroyed in the early 1900s. One or two old Chinese and Indian people still lived in Adelong in the 1950s. A small town, Cornishtown, was about a mile west of Adelong till the 1940s.

After the gold rush, farming became the main business in the area. This was mainly Merino sheep and beef cattle. Over the last 20 years a tourists have come to visit because of the pleasant scenery and gold mining history. The famous Adelong Falls, with its rich gold-mining past, is an ideal spot to for a picnic or to explore the local area.

Cole Porter

Cole Albert Porter (June 9, 1891 – October 15, 1964) was an American composer and songwriter. He wrote musical comedies like "Kiss Me, Kate," "Fifty Million Frenchmen", "DuBarry Was a Lady" and "Anything Goes". He also wrote songs like "Night and Day," "I Get a Kick out of You," "Well, Did You Evah!" and "I've Got You Under My Skin." He was well known for his clever lyrics and rhymes. He wrote a lot of songs that are in the Great American Songbook.

Porter was born in Peru, Indiana, to a rich Baptist family.
One of his grandfathers made a lot of money from coal and timber. He had control over the family. Porter started learning music when he was very young. He learned the violin at age six and the piano at eight. He and his mother wrote an operetta when he was 10. His mother, Kate, was very supportive. His grandfather J.O. Cole wanted him become a lawyer,
He went to Worcester Academy in Worcester, Massachusetts in 1905 and then Yale University in 1909.

When he was at Yale, he wrote 300 songs, including football fight songs that are still played at Yale today.

Porter went to Harvard Law School in 1913 for a year. He then moved into Arts and Sciences.

In 1915, his song, "Esmeralda", was played on Broadway. He had a musical on Broadway in 1916, but it did not do well.

Porter was not doing very well with his music so he went to Paris, France. He was working there when World War I started. He travelled all over Europe, and then joined the French Foreign Legion in 1917. He was a soldier in North Africa, and then he taught American soldiers how to shoot.

Porter was married to Linda Lee Thomas (1883-1954) from 1919 until her death. Some writers have said that Porter also had some gay relationships.

Porter started having musicals on Broadway again in 1926. He wrote some famous songs like "Let's Do It, Let's Fall in Love", "What Is This Thing Called Love?" and "Night and Day".

He threw lots of parties and had an exciting social life in the 1920s and 1930s. He became very successful with his musicals and songs.

In 1937, Porter had an accident when he was horse-riding. He had a lot of pain and had to have many operations. He became depressed after that. He kept working and in 1948 he wrote a very popular musical called "Kiss Me, Kate". He won a Tony Award for the musical. He also wrote music for movies.

In 1952, Porter's mother died. In 1954, his wife died. In 1958, he had to have his injured leg amputated (cut off). After all these bad things happened, he retired. He died of kidney failure in 1964 in Santa Monica, California. He was 73.

Jan van Riebeeck

Johan Anthoniszoon "Jan" van Riebeeck (April 21, 1619 – January 18, 1677) was a Dutch colonial administrator and founder of Cape Town, a city in South Africa.

Van Riebeeck was born in Culemborg in the Netherlands as the son of a surgeon. He grew up in Schiedam, where he married 19-year old Maria de la Quellerie on 28 March 1649. (She died in Malacca, now part of Malaysia, on 2 November 1664, at the age of 35). The couple had eight children, most of whom did not live through infancy. Their son Abraham van Riebeeck, born at the Cape, later became Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies.

Joining the Dutch East India Company (VOC) in 1639, he served in many posts, like an assistant surgeon in the Batavia in the East Indies. He then went to Japan. His most important position was that of head of the VOC trading post in Tonkin, Vietnam. However, he was called back from this post as it was found that he was working trade for his own account.

In 1651 he was asked to undertake the command of the initial Dutch settlement in the future South Africa. He landed three ships "Drommedaris", "Reijger" and "Goede Hoop" at the future Cape Town on 6 April 1652 and strongly make the site as a way-station for the VOC trade route between the Netherlands and the East Indies. The "Walvisch" and the "Oliphant" came later, having had 130 burials at sea.

Measles

Measles is an infectious disease, caused by a virus. People catch measles from other people. It is passed on in tiny drops of water when people breathe. People with measles have a sore throat, a fever, a cough, red eyes and a runny nose. They also have a bumpy red rash all over their body. These rashes will cause a high irritation of itching.

Measles is very infectious, which means it is easy to catch. If someone in a house has measles, it is very likely that other people in the house will also get it. In developed countries, lots of children have a vaccination (injection) to stop them from getting measles. Often they are given the MMR vaccine, to stop them getting measles, mumps and rubella. The three vaccinations are all in one injection.

Measles is sometimes also called "rubeola", but it is not the same as rubella (German measles). The German Measles (rubella) was discovered by German scientists.

There is no specific cure for measles. People with measles may rest and take medicines to make them feel better, to stop pain and make fevers go away. Most people recover from measles, but some people die from it. In the 19th century, measles epidemics killed many Polynesian people.


Emperor Seinei

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

According to "Kojiki" and "Nihonshoki", Seinei was a son of Emperor Yūryaku. 

Seinei fathered no children. He adopted two grandsons of Emperor Richū. Each would attain the throne; and they would become known as Emperor Ninken and as Emperor Kenzo

Very little is known about the events of Seinei's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei. 

After the death of his father, Seinei overcame others in the struggle for power. 

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Seinei. 

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun"). This emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") which is associated with the burial mound.


Xiphactinus

Xiphactinus (from Latin and Greek for "sword-ray") was a large, 4.5 to 5 m (15 to 20 feet) long predatory bony fish that lived in the Western Interior Sea, over what is now the middle of North America, during the Late Cretaceous. Skeletal remains of "Xiphactinus" have come from Kansas, Alabama, and Georgia in the United States, as well as Europe and Australia.
Above all else, "Xiphactinus" was a great swimmer, able to speed towards or away from virtually anything else in the seas of the time. It may have been able to leap above the waves at times to help dislodge parasites from its skin. It was not however immune from attack. If injured, its large size meant it was easy to spot and could become prey for sharks, mosasaurs, and other Xiphactinuses. 






Emperor Kenzō

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

Kenzō was a grandson of Emperor Richū; and he was adopted as heir by the childless Emperor Seinei.

Very little is known about the events of Kenzō's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei. 

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Kenzō. 

According to the Imperial Household Agency, Kenzō final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun"). This emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") which is associated with the burial mound.


Kofun

These burial mounds give their name to the Kofun period (middle 3rd century - early-middle 6th century). 

Many of the kofun have a keyhole-shaped mound () which is unique to ancient Japan. 




Chess and computers

Chess and computers have been connected since the earliest days of the computer. In the 19th century Charles Babbage had thought of the idea, and in the 20th century Alan Turing, the mathematician and Bletchley Park codebreaker, put some thought into the idea. He was not a very good chess player, but was one of the creators of the first British computer. 

There are two types of chess programs. One are chess engines that play against an opponent. And the other one are chess databases that help the user become a better player. The two types can be made to work together, though they have different functions and work in different ways.

Chess engines are computer programs that can play chess games against human opponents. Many have been created; they can play at master level, though their processes are quite different from those of a human being.<ref name="H/W">Hooper D. and Whyld K. 1992. "The Oxford companion to chess". 2nd ed, Oxford University Press.</ref> The best engines on the fastest computers have won matches against former chess world champions Kasparov and Kramnik, but the software can be used at an easier level for a learner.

Competitions are run by putting engines against each other, and the results are published. At all times and live over the Internet are broadcast the Top Chess Engine Championship and the Chess.com Computer Chess Championship. Although they are made for entertainment, their engine ratings are quite good.

However, for very good engine ratings (they are called 'statistically significant') a huge amount of chess games needs to be played. Such results are provided by rating lists. Here are a few links to them:

As of 2023, the best chess engines are Stockfish and Dragon by Komodo. Very good is also Leela Chess Zero. However, the Leela engine needs a powerful GPU.

Lichess is a website where players of all play strengths are welcome and can play against each other. Registration and use is not charged. It has also apps for various mobile telephones.

There are also websites which a player can join for a fee and play on line. Here, the subscriber will play against other subscribers, not a computer. All standards of players are amongst the members, and various events are on offer at different rates of play. The two leaders in this market are:

Chess databases do not actually play. They give access to the recorded history of master chess. There are two components. First, there is the software, which lets one search and organise the database material. Then there is the actual database, typically one to four million games.

In practice, databases are used for two purposes. First, for a player to train his/her ability at specific openings. Second, to look up specific opponents to see what they play, and prepare against them beforehand.

Using databases is one way that young players can achieve mastery at an early age.

ChessBase is the biggest database, and widely used by masters. Although it can be used online, most users download the software and data onto their laptop. Then they take the laptop to tournaments, to help prepare for games. Players may not use computers or any other aid during games, but much preparation goes on behind the scenes. ChessBase has to be purchased, and it is not cheap.

This is a Dutch magazine for advanced players, which runs an on-line database called NicBase as part of its services. NicBase is free, and has over a million games.

Chessgames.com runs an on-line database of games. It is partly free, but requires registration. Full access to all its facilities is by a fairly modest subscription. It has over half a million games on its database.

Romerito

Julio César Romero (born 28 August 1960) is a former Paraguayan football player. He has played for Paraguay national team.

99||34
78||19
7||1
13||2
197||57

!Total||34||13

Lee Jong-min (footballer, born 1987)

Lee Jong-Min (born 21 May 1987) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

 || || || || || 


Sin Byung-ho

Sin Byung-Ho (born 26 April 1975) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

28||11||3||2||0||0||31||13
114||30||9||5||36||5||159||40
142||41||12||7||36||5||190||53

!Total||2||0

Fernando (footballer, born 1978)

Fernando Almeida de Oliveira (born 18 June 1978) is a Brazilian football player.

77||12||||||||||||||77||12
102||19||9||1||16||5||3||2||130||27
179||31||9||1||16||5||3||2||207||39

Derlis Florentín

Derlis Florentín (9 January 1984 - 28 March 2010) was a former Paraguayan football player.

36||9||0||0||36||9
36||9||0||0||36||9

An Sun-jin

An Sun-Jin (born 19 September 1975) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

Joseph-Désiré Job

Joseph-Désiré Job (born 1 December 1977) is a Cameroonian football player. He plays for Lierse and Cameroon national team.

115||26
93||17
28||9
23||7
8||0
0||0
267||59

!Total||49||7

Terry Venables

Terry Venables (6 January 1943 – 25 November 2023) was an English football player. He played for England national team.

Venables died after a long illness, aged 80, on 25 November 2023.

Chelsea

Tottenham Hotspur

Queens Park Rangers

Crystal Palace

Queens Park Rangers

Barcelona

Tottenham Hotspur

Australia

Individual


Shingo Hyodo

Shingo Hyodo (born 29 July 1985) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Yokohama F. Marinos.

58||3||6||1||17||1||81||5
58||3||6||1||17||1||81||5


Takayuki Nishigaya

Takayuki Nishigaya (born 12 May 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

100||0||21||1||5||1||126||2
100||0||21||1||5||1||126||2

Chess notation

Chess notation is a method for writing down chess moves: after a player makes a move, both players write it down. This is compulsory in all organized chess events.

The system must have these elements: the move number, the piece moved, the square it starts from (optional), the square it goes to, and other relevant information such as captures, and castles.<ref name="H/W">Hooper D. and Whyld K. 1992. "The Oxford companion to chess". 2nd ed, Oxford University Press.</ref> There are other notations for recording positions.

There have been ways of describing moves from quite early on. Manuscripts with move descriptions are known in Arabic (9th century) and from Europe (13th century). These early notations are usually quite cumbersome; "The pawn of the king forward two houses". This kind of notation is called "descriptive". In a descriptive notation each player describes squares from his own point of view, e.g. 1 P–K4 P–K4. A notation which uses labels for the ranks and files is called "algebraic". In this notation a square has only one label, e.g. 1 e4 e5.

The moves of a chess game are written down by using a special notation. Usually algebraic chess notation is used. In algebraic notation, each square has one and only one name (whether you are looking from White's side of the board or Black's). Here, moves are written in the format of: abbreviation of the piece moved – file where it moved – rank where it moved. For example, Qg5 means "queen moves to the g-file and 5th rank" (that is, to the square g5). If there are two pieces of the same type that can move to the same square, one more letter or number is added to show the file or rank from which the piece moved, e.g. Ngf3 means "knight from the g-file moves to the square f3". The letter P showing a pawn is not used, so that e4 means "pawn moves to the square "e4"".

If the piece makes a capture, "x" is written before the square in which the capturing piece lands on. Example: "Bxf3" means "bishop captures on f3". When a pawn makes a capture, the file from which the Pawn left is used in place of a piece initial. For example: exd5 means "pawn captures on d5."

If a pawn moves to its eighth rank, getting a promotion, the piece chosen is written after the move, for example e1Q or e1=Q. Castling is written by the special notations 0–0 for kingside castling and 0–0–0 for queenside. A move which places the opponent's king in check normally has the notation "+" added. Checkmate can be written as # or ++. At the end of the game, 1–0 means "White won", 0–1 means "Black won" and ½-½ is a draw.

Chess moves can also be shown with punctuation marks and other annotation symbols. For example: ! means a good move, !! means a very good move, ? means a bad move, ?? a very bad move (sometimes called a "blunder"), !? a creative move that may be good, and ?! a doubtful move. For example, one kind of a simple "trap" known as the Scholar's mate, as in the diagram to the right, may be recorded in full notation:

1. e2-e4 e7-e5<br>
2. Qd1-h5?! Nb8-c6<br>
3. Bf1-c4 Ng8-f6?? (3...Qe7 is better)<br>
4. Qh5xf7# 1–0

Here is a famous short game in the more usual short notation:

This is algebraic notation with little figurines instead of initial letters for the pieces. Figurine notation is used in print and computer chess. Since it avoids initial letters for pieces, it is more international.


In addition to the Forsyth notation, positions may be recorded in this simple fashion:

Akiba Rubinstein

Akiba Rubinstein (Stawiski, Poland, 12 December 1882 – 15 March 1961, Antwerp, Belgium) was a Polish chess Grandmaster in the first part of the 20th century. Around 1910 he was one of the three best players in the world.

Rubinstein was Jewish, and his family planned for him to become a rabbi. However, he did not finish his studies, and chose to devote himself to chess entirely. The decision came in 1903 after he won fifth place at a tournament in Kiev. He learned to play chess when he was 16,<ref name="H/W">Hooper D. and Whyld K. 1992. "The Oxford Companion to Chess". Oxford.</ref> and played with the strong master Gersz Salwe in Łódź.

Rubinstein's best period was from 1907 to 1912. It began with his win at Karlovy Vary in 1907, and a shared win at St. Petersburg in the same year. It closed in a string of wins in 1912. He won five consecutive major tournaments that year: San Sebastian, Piešťany, Breslau (the German championship), Warsaw and Vilnius (although none of these events included Lasker or Capablanca). Some believe that he was better than World Champion Emanuel Lasker at this time. Ratings from "Chessmetrics" support this conclusion, placing him as world #1 between mid 1912 and mid 1914. Others believe he was not quite so strong as Lasker, and was eclipsed by José Raúl Capablanca after 1911.

Rubinstein was never given a chance to play Lasker for the world chess championship: he was unable to raise enough money to meet Lasker's financial demands. In the 1909 St. Petersburg tournament, he had tied with Lasker and won his individual encounter with him. However, he had a poor result at St. Petersburg tournament 1914, not reaching the final pool of five players. A match with Lasker was arranged for October 1914, but it never took place because of the outbreak of World War I.

After the war Rubinstein was still an elite grandmaster, but his results lacked their previous formidable consistency. Nevertheless, he won at Vienna in 1922, ahead of future world champion Alexander Alekhine, and was the leader of the Polish team that won the Chess Olympiad at Hamburg in 1930 with a superb record of thirteen wins and four draws. A year later he won an Olympic silver.

After 1932 he withdrew from tournament play, mostly because his symptoms of schizophrenia prevented normal life. He suffered from a fear of people and society. He lived then in a sanitorium, and later rejoined his family.

Rubinstein lived on for almost 30 years afterwards. He left behind no literary works (perhaps because of his mental problems), but a great heritage in his games. During World War II he was placed in an asylum. One account says that when the Nazis eventually arrived to haul the aged Jewish grandmaster from his asylum to the death camps, he was so patently insane that they abandoned the attempt.

He was one of the earliest chess players to take the endgame into account when choosing and playing the opening. He was exceptionally talented in the endgame, particularly in rook endings, where he broke new ground. Silman ranks him as one of the five best endgame players of all time, and a master of rook endgames.

He originated the Rubinstein System against the Tarrasch variation of the Queen's Gambit declined: 1.d4 d5 2.Nf3 c5 3.c4 e6 4.cxd5 exd5 5.Nc3 Nc6 6.g3 Nf6 7.Bg2 cxd4 8.Nxd4 Qb6 (Rubinstein - Tarrasch, 1912). He is also credited with inventing the Meran variation, which stems from the Slav defence.

Today, he certainly has no shortage of lines named for him. 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nc3 Bb4 4.e3. is the Rubinstein variation of the Nimzo-Indian defence.

The Rubinstein Trap, a trap in the Queen's Gambit declined is named after him because he fell into it twice. One version of the trap runs 1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6 3.Nc3 Nf6 4.cxd5 exd5 5.Bg5 Be7 6.e3 0-0 7.Nf3 Nbd7 8.Bd3 c6 10.0-0 Re8 11.Rc1 h6 12. Bf4 Nh5? 13. Nxd5! Now 13...cxd5?? is met by 14.Bc7, winning the queen, while 13...Nxf4 14.Nxf4 leaves White a pawn ahead.

The Rubinstein Memorial tournament in his honor has been held annually since 1963 in Polanica Zdroj, with a glittering list of top-flight winners.




Martín Chambi

Martín Chambi Jiménez, (Puno, Peru November 5, 1891 – Cuzco, September 13, 1973) was a photographer who came from the south of Peru. He was also known as Martín Chambi de Coaza. He was the only well known indigenous Latin American photographer of his time.

He is considered one of the great figures of American photography.

Chambi is famous for the historic and social value of his photographs. He was a portrait photographer in the cities and the countryside of the Peruvian Andes. He was the leading portrait photographer in the Andean city of Cusco. Chambi also took many landscape photographs, and he sold these photographs as postcards. He was one of the first to use the postcard format in Peru.

In 1979, MOMA in New York had a Chambi exhibition. The exhibition later moved to various locations. It inspired other international exhibitions of his work.

"It is wrong to focus too much on the "testimonial" (historical) value of his photos. They have that, indeed, but, in equal measure they express the "milieu" (society) in which he lived and they show (...) that when he was behind a camera, he became a giant, a true inventor, a force of invention, a recreator of life."
- Mario Vargas Llosa

"I've read that in Chile they think that the indigenous South American peoples have no culture, that they are not civilised, that they are intellectually and artistically inferior to European white peoples. The artworks are a graphic testament that is more eloquent than my own opinion, always. I hope that this testament will be examined fairly and objectively. I feel I am representing my race; my people will speak through the photographs."
- Martín Chambi, 1936

Martín Chambi was born in a poor Quechua family. He was born in one of the poorest parts of Peru, at the end of the nineteenth century. His father worked in a gold mine by the River Inambari. Martín sometimes went to work with his father too. He saw his first photographer there at the mine. Chambi learned the basic techniques from a photographer at the Santo Domingo Mine. This meeting fired his ambition.

Chambi tried to work as a professional photographer after this. He traveled to the city of Arequipa in 1908, where photography was more developed. Many professional photographers lived in Areqiupa. They had developed individual photographic styles and professional techniques.

Chambi was an apprentice in the studio of Max T. Vargas. After nine years he created his own studio in Sicuani in 1917. He published his first postcards in November 1917.

In 1923 he moved to Cusco and opened a studio there. In Cusco he photographed rich society people and poor indigenous people. During his career, Chambi also travelled all over the Andes. He photographed the landscapes, Inca ruins, and local people. Chambi was with the American explorer Hiram Bingham when Bingham "discovered" Machu Picchu, the great Inca monument.


Martín Chambi, Photographs 1920-1950 (Smithsonian Institution Press 1993) 

Martín Chambi and the Heirs of the Incas 

Kia Venga

The Kia Venga is a car produced by Kia from 2009 to the year 2019, basically a decade. It is based on the Hyundai i20 and Kia Soul's platform.

The Venga is available with 1.4 and 1.6 litre petrol engines with 66 kW/90 hp and 92 kW/125 hp respectively, a 1.4 litre turbo diesel engine in 55 kW/75 hp and 66 kW/90 hp versions, and a 1.6 litre turbo diesel engine in 85 kW/115 hp and 94 kW/128 hp versions.

Reception history of Jane Austen

The reception history of Jane Austen shows how Austen's works, at first having modest fame, became wildly popular. Her books are both the subject of great study and the center of various fan culture. Jane Austen, the writer of such works as "Pride and Prejudice" (1813) and "Emma" (1815), has become one of the most famous novelists in the English language.

During her lifetime, Austen's books did not make her very famous. Like a great number of women writers at that time, she chose to publish her books secretly. Only among people in the aristocracy, her writing was an open secret. At the time they were published, Austen's works were thought fashionable by members of high society. However, they received only a few good reviews. By the mid-nineteenth century, her works were respected by people who were learned in literature. They thought that liking her works was a sign that they were clever. In 1870, her nephew published "Memoir of Jane Austen". This showed her to a wider public as "dear, quiet aunt Jane". After this, her works were published again in popular editions. By the twentieth century, lots of groups had formed. Some praised her and some defended her from the "teeming masses". However, they all claimed to be true Janeites, or people who really appreciated Austen.

Early in the twentieth century, scholars made a collection of her works (the first for any British novelist). But it was not until the 1940s that Austen was widely accepted as a "great English novelist". In the second half of the twentieth century, people began studying Austen more and more, and in different ways. For example, they studied her works artistically, ideologically, and historically. The university English departments began developing in the first half of the twentieth century. As they grew, criticism of Austen split into remarkable high culture and popular culture trends. In the late twentieth century, fans made Jane Austen societies and clubs. They praised Austen, her time, and her works. In the early twenty-first century, Austen fans support an industry of printed sequels and prequels. They also support Austen's work in television and film.

Jane Austen lived her entire life as part of a large and close family. Her family was in the lower part of the English gentry. Her family's steady support was very important to Austen's development as a writer. For example, Austen read her first drafts of all of her books to her family. In this way, she received encouragement and help. In fact, it was her father who first tried to put her book in print. Austen's training as a writer lasted from when she was a teenager until she was about 35. During this time, she experimented with different literary forms. This included the epistolary novel (novel in letters), which she tried and did not like. She wrote and revised three important novels and began a fourth. When "Sense and Sensibility" (1811), "Pride and Prejudice" (1813), "Mansfield Park" (1814) and "Emma" (1815) came out in print, she became a successful writer.

However, novel-writing was not easy for women in the early nineteenth century. This was because it made them famous. It also made people think them unfeminine. So like a great number of other female writers, Austen published her books secretly. In time, though, her writing became an open secret among the aristocracy. In one of her visits to London, the Prince Regent invited her to his home. His librarian showed her around and said that the Regent liked her books very much. The librarian added that "if Miss Austen had any other Novel forthcoming, she was quite at liberty to dedicate it to the Prince". Austen did not like the prince, who spent a lot of money. She did not want to follow this suggestion. However, her friends persuaded her to follow it. Therefore, "Emma" was dedicated to him. Austen refused the librarian's suggestion after that to write a historical romance for the prince's daughter's marriage.

In the last year of her life, Austen revised "Northanger Abbey" (1817) and wrote "Persuasion" (1817). She also began another novel, which was later titled "Sanditon". She could not finish it before her death. Austen did not have time to see "Northanger Abbey" or "Persuasion" through the press. However, her family published them as one book after she died. Her brother Henry included a "Biographical Notice of the Author". This short biography made people think of Austen as a quiet aunt who wrote in her free time. "Neither the hope of fame nor profit mixed with her early motives (purposes) ... [S]o much did she shrink from notoriety, that no accumulation of fame would have induced (made) her, had she lived, to affix (put) her name to any productions of her public she turned away from any allusion to the character of an authoress." However, Austen shows excitement in her letters about getting her books in print. She was also interested in how much money the books would make. Austen was a professional writer.

Austen's works are noted for their realism, biting social commentary, and clever use of free indirect speech. They are also remarkable for their burlesque and irony. They criticize the novels of sensibility of the second half of the eighteenth century. They are part of the change to nineteenth-century realism. As Susan Gubar and Sandra Gilbert explain, Austen laughed at "love at first sight, the primacy (first importance) of passion over all other emotions and/or duties, the exploits of the hero, the vulnerable sensitivity of the heroine, the lovers' proclaimed (declared) indifference to financial considerations, and the cruel of parents". Austen's stories, though comic, focus on the way women depend on marriage to secure social standing and economic security. She was also concerned with moral problems, like Samuel Johnson, who strongly influenced her.

Austen's books quickly became fashionable. Aristocrats who liked to set the fashion and taste of the day especially liked them. Henrietta Ponsonby, Countess of Bessborough wrote about "Sense and Sensibility" in a letter to a friend. She said: "it is a clever novel.  ... tho' it ends stupidly, I was much amused by it." The 15-year-old daughter of the Prince Regent, Princess Charlotte Augusta, compared herself to Marianne Dashwood. She remarked, "I think Marianne & me are very like in "disposition", that certainly I am not so good, the same , &tc". "Pride and Prejudice" was enjoyed by Richard Sheridan, a person who wrote plays. He told a friend to "[b]uy it immediately" for it "was one of the cleverest things" he had ever read. Anne Milbanke, future wife of Lord Byron, wrote that "I have finished the Novel called Pride and Prejudice, which I think a very superior (good) work." She added that "is the most "probable" fiction I have ever read" and had become "at present the fashionable novel". The Dowager Lady Vernon told a friend that "Mansfield Park" was "[n]ot much of a novel, more the history of a family party in the country, very natural". Lady Anne Romilly told her friend, the writer Maria Edgeworth, that "["Mansfield Park"] has been pretty generally admired here". Edgeworth later said that "we have been much entertained with Mansfield Park".

High society liked and approved of Austen's novels. However, they received few reviews while she was alive. There were two for "Sense and Sensibility". "Pride and Prejudice" received three. "Mansfield Park" received none. There were seven for "Emma". Most of the reviews were short, careful, and approving. They mostly focused on the moral lessons of her books. Brian Southam writes about these reviewers: "their job was merely to provide brief (short) notices, extended with quotations, for the benefit (good) of women readers compiling their library lists and interested only in knowing whether they would like a book for its story, its characters and moral".

Famous writer Walter Scott wrote the longest and deepest of these reviews. He was asked by publisher John Murray to review "Emma". "Emma" had come out in print (without saying who the writer was) in the March 1816 issue of the "Quarterly Review". Using the review as a way to praise the novel, Scott praised Austen's works. He praised her ability to copy "from nature as she really exists in the common walks of life, and presenting to the correct and striking representation of that which is daily (every day) taking place around him". Modern Austen scholar William Galperin has noted that "unlike some of Austen's lay readers, who recognized her divergence (difference) from realistic practice as it had been prescribed and defined at the time, Walter Scott may well have been the first to install Austen as the realist par excellence". Scott wrote in his private journal in 1826 about Austen. This later became a widely quoted comparison:

Also read again and for the third time at least Miss Austen's very finely written novel of "Pride and Prejudice". That young lady had a talent for describing the and feelings and characters of ordinary life which is to me the most wonderful I ever met with. The Big Bow-wow strain I can do myself like any now going, but the exquisite touch which renders (makes) ordinary commonplace things and characters interesting from the truth of the description and the sentiment is denied to me. What a pity such a gifted creature died so early!

"Northanger Abbey" and "Persuasion" were published together in December 1817. They were reviewed in the "British Critic" in March 1818 and in the "Edinburgh Review and Literary Miscellany" in May 1818. The reviewer for the "British Critic" felt that Austen's great use of realism was proof of a limited imagination. The reviewer for the "Edinburgh Review" thought differently. He praised Austen for her " invention". He was also pleased with Austen's stories because they mixed familiar scenes with surprising twists. Austen scholars have pointed out that these early reviewers did not know what to make of her works. For example, they wrongly understood her use of irony. Reviewers thought "Sense and Sensibility" and "Pride and Prejudice" were stories of virtue overcoming vice.

In the "Quarterly Review" in 1821 another review came out. Richard Whately was an English writer and theologican. He published the most serious early review of Austen's work. Whately compared Austen and great writers such as Homer and Shakespeare with favor. He praised the dramatic quality of her stories. He also said that the novel was a real, respectable genre of literature. He argued that imaginative literature, especially narrative, was very valuable. He even said they were more important than history or biography. When it was well done, as Austen's works were, Whately said that novels wrote about human experience that the reader could learn from. In other words, he believed that it was moral. Whately also addressed Austen's position as a female writer. He wrote: "we suspect one of Miss Austin's ["sic"] great merits in our eyes to be, the insight she gives us into the peculiarities of female heroines are what one knows women must be, though one never can get them to acknowledge (admit) it." No better criticism of Austen was put in print until the late nineteenth century. Whately and Scott had begun the Victorian era's view of Austen.

Austen had a great number of readers who liked and respected her in the nineteenth century. According to critic Ian Watt, they liked her " to ordinary (usual) social experience". However, Austen's works were not exactly what her Romantic and Victorian British audience liked. They wished for "powerful emotion [be] authenticated by an egregious display of sound and color in the writing". Victorian critics and audiences liked the work of writers like Charles Dickens and George Eliot. Compared to them, Austen's works seemed narrow and quiet. Austen's works were put in print again beginning in late 1832 or early 1833. Richard Bentley printed them in the "Standard Novels" series, and remained in print for a long time after that. However, they were not bestsellers. Southam describes her "reading public between 1821 and 1870" as "minute beside the known audience for Dickens and his contemporaries".

The people who read Austen saw themselves as clever readers. They were the cultured few. This became a well-known theme of Austen criticism in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. George Henry Lewes was a philosopher and literary critic. He spoke about this theme in a series of articles in the 1840s and 1850s. "The Novels of Jane Austen" was put in print in "Blackwood's Magazine" in 1859. In there, Lewes praised Austen's books for "the economy of easy adaptation of means to ends, with no aid (help) from superfluous elements". He also compared her to Shakespeare. He argued that Austen was not good at making up plots. However, he still enjoyed the dramatic quality of her works. He said: "The reader's pulse never throbs, his curiosity is never intense (very strong); but his interest never wanes (stops) for a moment. The action begins; the people speak, feel, and act; everything that is said, felt, or done tends towards the entanglement or disentanglement of the plot; and we are almost made actors as well as spectators (viewers) of the little drama."

Writer Charlotte Brontë liked Austen's writing because they were truthful about everyday life. However, Brontë called her "only shrewd (clever) and observant". She said there was not enough passion in her work. To Brontë, Austen's work seemed formal and narrow. In a letter written to G.H. Lewes in 1848, Brontë said that she did not like "Pride and Prejudice". She said:

Soon after Austen's works were printed in Britain, they appeared in some European countries. They began appearing in 1813 with a French translation of "Pride and Prejudice". It was quickly followed by German, Dutch, and Swedish editions. They were not always easy to get in Europe. Austen was not well known in Russia. The first Russian translation of an Austen novel did not appear until 1967. Austen’s works were translated into various European languages. However, Europeans did not see her works as part of the English novel tradition. This was partly because of the changes made by translators. They put in sentimentalism into Austen's works. They also failed to put in her humor and irony. Therefore, European readers more often thought of Walter Scott's style as the English novel.

The great changes made by her translators made the Continent receive Austen differently than in Britain. For example, the French writer Isabelle de Montolieu translated several of Austen's novels into the French sentimental novel. In Montolieu's "Pride and Prejudice", lively conversations (talks) between Elizabeth and Darcy were replaced by calm, proper ones. In Jane Austen's work, Elizabeth said that she has "always seen a great similarity in the turn of [their] minds" (her and Darcy's). She says this is because they are "unwilling to speak, unless [they] expect to say something that will amaze (surprise) the whole room". However, this becomes "Moi, je garde le silence, parce que je ne sais que dire, et vous, parce que vous aiguisez vos traits pour parler avec effet." ("Me, I keep silent, because I don't know what to say, and you, because you excite your features for effect when speaking.") Cossy and Saglia explained, "the equality of mind which Elizabeth takes for granted is denied (not given) and gender distinction introduced". Austen’s works were seen in France as part of a sentimental tradition. Because of this, people were more interested in the works of French realists like Stendhal, Balzac, and Flaubert. Austen was also treated as a romantic writer in Germany.

For years, people thought the same of Austen as Scott and Whately. Only a few people actually read her novels. In 1870 the first important Austen biography, "A Memoir of Jane Austen", was written by Jane Austen's nephew, James Edward Austen-Leigh and printed. This changed the way people thought of Austen. When it came out in print, Austen's popularity and critical standing increased greatly. The "Memoir" made people think of an untrained writer who wrote masterpieces. People thought Austen was a quiet, middle-aged unmarried aunt. This made them feel that her works were safe for respectable Victorian families to read. The "Memoir" made Austen's books be printed again in great numbers. The first popular editions came out in 1883. They were a cheap series printed by Routledge. This was followed by editions with pictures, collectors' sets, and scholarly editions. However, critics still said that only people who could really understand the deep meaning of Austen's books should read them. However, after the "Memoir" was printed, much more criticism about Austen was printed. More came out in two years than had come out in the last 50 years.

In 1913, William Austen-Leigh and Richard Arthur Austen-Leigh printed a family biography. It was titled: "Jane Austen: Her Life and Letters—A Family Record". William and Arthur were both part of the Austen family. It was based mostly on family papers and letters. It is described by Austen biographer Park Honan as "accurate, staid (steady), reliable, and at times vivid and suggestive". The authors moved away from the sentimental tone of the "Memoir". However, they did not go much beyond the family records and traditions they always had. Therefore, their book offers only facts. It does not offer much interpretation.

In the last part of the nineteenth century, the first critical books about Austen's works were printed. In 1890 Godwin Smith printed the "Life of Jane Austen". This began a "fresh phase in the critical heritage". This began "formal (official) criticism". People began focusing on Austen as a writer and analyzing the ways that made her writing special. Southam said that there was much more Austen criticism around 1780. He also said that the reviews became better. However, he was troubled at the "certain uniformity" in them:

We see the novels praised for their elegance of form and their surface 'finish'; for the realism of their fictional world, the variety and vitality (strength) of their characters; for their pervasive humour; and for their gentle and undogmatic morality and its unsermonising delivery. The novels are prized for their 'perfection'. Yet it is seen to be a narrow perfection, achieved within the bounds of domestic comedy.

Richard Simpson, Margaret Oliphant, and Leslie Stephen were some of the best reviewers. In a review of the "Memoir", Simpson said Austen was a serious but ironic critic of English society. He began two interpretative themes: using humor to criticize society and irony as a means of moral study. He continued Lewes's comparison to Shakespeare, and wrote that Austen:

began by being an ironical critic; she manifested her by direct censure, but by the indirect method of imitating and exaggerating the faults of her , humour, irony, the judgment not of one that gives sentence but of the mimic who quizzes while he mocks, are her characteristics.
Simpson's essay was not well-known. It did not a lot of influence until Lionel Trilling quoted it in 1957. Margaret Oliphant was another important writer whose criticism of Austen did not have much influence. She described Austen as "armed with a 'fine vein of feminine cynicism,' 'full of subtle power, keenness, finesse, and self-restraint (control),' with an 'exquisite sense' of the 'ridiculous,' 'a fine stinging yet soft-voiced contempt,' whose works are very 'calm and cold and keen'". This kind of criticism was not fully developed until the 1970s. This was when feminist literary criticism began.

Austen's works had been in print in the United States from 1832. However, it was only after 1870 that Americans began seriously considering Austen's works. As Southam says, "for American literary nationalists Jane Austen's cultivated scene was too pallid, too constrained, too refined, too downright unheroic". Austen was not democratic enough for Americans. Also, her books did not have the frontier themes that often came out in American literature. The way Americans thought about Austen was represented in an argument between William Dean Howells and Mark Twain. Through his essays, Howells helped make Austen much more popular. Twain, however, used Austen to argue against the Anglophile tradition in America. In his book "Following the Equator", Twain described the library on his ship: "Jane Austen's absent from this library. Just that one omission alone would make a fairly good library out of a library that hadn't a book in it."

The "Encyclopædia Britannica's" changed the way they described Austen as she became more and more popular. The eighth edition (1854) called her "an elegant novelist". The ninth edition (1875) praised her as "one of the most distinguished (remarkable) modern British novelists". Austen novels began to be studied at universities. Her works also began to come out in histories of the English novel. Most people still thought of her as "dear aunt Jane", the way she was first presented in the "Memoir". Howells had made this picture of Austen famous by his essays in the "Harper's Magazine". Writer and critic Leslie Stephen described a mania for Austen that grew in the 1880s as "Austenolatry". It was only after the "Memoir" was printed that readers grew to like Austen as a person. Until then, literary elites had said their enjoyment of Austen showed how clever they were. However, around the 1990s, they grew troubled at how popular Austen's works became. They began calling themselves "Janeites". They wanted to show that they were different from the people who they thought did not understand Austen properly.

American novelist Henry James liked Austen. Once he said she was as great as Shakespeare, Cervantes, and Henry Fielding - "the fine painters of life". But James thought Austen was an "unconscious" artist who was "instinctive and charming". In 1905, James said he did not like the public interest in Austen. He said it was more than Austen's "intrinsic merit (worth) and interest" deserved. James said that this was mostly because of the "stiff breeze of the special bookselling body of publishers, editors, illustrators, producers of the pleasant twaddle of magazines; who have found their 'dear,' our dear, everybody's dear, their material pretty reproduction in every variety of what is called tasteful, and in what seemingly proves to be salable, form."

Reginald Farrer, a British travel writer, did not like the sentimental image of "Aunt Jane". Instead, he wanted to study Austen's fiction in a new way. In 1917, he published a long essay in the "Quarterly Review". Jane Austen scholar A. Walton Litz called it the best single introduction to her works. Southam calls it as a "Janeite" piece without the worship. Farrer claimed that Jane Austen was not unconscious (disagreeing with James). He said that she was a writer of great concentration and a sharp critic of her society. He called her "radiant and remorseless", "dispassionate yet pitiless", with "the steely quality, the incurable rigor of her judgment". Farrer was one of the first critics who saw Austen as a writer.

The light of Austen scholarship was beginning to shine through several important early works. These works helped Austen become well accepted in the academy. The first was Oxford Shakespearean scholar Andrew Cecil Bradley's 1911 essay. This essay was "generally (largely) regarded (seen) as the starting-point for the serious academic approach to Jane Austen". Bradley pointed out Austen's ties to eighteenth-century critic and writer Samuel Johnson. He argued that she was a moralist as well as a humorist. According to Southam, this argument was "totally (completely) original". Bradley separated Austen's works into "early" and "late" novels. Scholars still separate Austen's works as Bradley did today. The second original early-twentieth-century critic of Austen was R. W. Chapman. His edition of Austen's works was the first scholarly edition of the works of any English novelist. The Chapman edition has been the basis for all editions of Austen's works after that.

After Bradley and Chapman, Austen scholarship grew very quickly in the 1920s. British writer E. M. Forster pointed out Austen's works for his idea of the "round" character. It was with the 1939 publication of Mary Lascelles' "Jane Austen and Her Art"—"the first full-scale historical and scholarly study" of Austen—that the academic study of her works matured. Lascelles included a short essay about her, a study of the books Austen read and their influence on her writing, and a study of Austen's style and "narrative art". Lascelles felt that critics before her had all worked in a way "so small that the reader does not see how they have reached their conclusions until he has patiently found his own way to them". She wished to study all of Austen's works, style, and techniques together. Critics after Lascelles agreed that she studied them well. Lascelles was interested in Austen's connection to Samuel Johnson and her desire to discuss morality through fiction. In this she was much like Bradley before her. But around this time, some fans of Austen began to worry that her works were being enjoyed by only a few people. They were fearful that Austen was being criticized only by academics. This was an argument that continued to the beginning of the twenty-first century.
Mid-century revisionist views started to become popular, and scholars began studying Austen more sceptically. D. W. Harding, adding to Farrer, wrote an essay called "Regulated Hatred: An Aspect of the Work of Jane Austen". He argued that Austen did not support society's customs, and that her irony was not funny but bitter. He also claimed that Austen wanted to show the faults of the society she wrote about. Through her use of irony, Austen tried to protect herself as an artist and a person from the behavior and practices she disliked. Almost at the same time, British critic Q. D. Leavis printed "Critical Theory of Jane Austen's Writing" in "Scrutiny" in the early 1940s. In there, Leavis argued that Austen was a professional, not an amateur (untrained), writer. Harding's and Leavis's articles were followed by "Jane Austen: Irony as Defense and Discovery" (1952). This was written by Martin Mudrick, who saw Austen as lonely, defensive, and critical of her society. He carefully described the connection between Austen's attitude towards the literature of her time and how she used irony to show the difference of how society was, and how she thought it could be. An important British critic, F. R. Leavis, said in "The Great Tradition" (1948) that Austen was one of the great writers of English fiction. Ian Watt agreed, and helped shape the arguments about the genre of the novel. The revisionist views and Leavis's words helped Austen to have a great reputation among academics. They agreed that she "combined (put together) <nowiki>[</nowiki>Henry Fielding's and Samuel Richardson's<nowiki>]</nowiki> qualities of interiority and irony, realism and satire to form an author superior to (better than) both".

After the Second World War, people began studying Austen more deeply, and in different ways. A great number of people have studied Austen as a political writer. Critic Gary Kelly explains, "Some see her as a political 'conservative' because she seems to defend the established social order. Others see her as sympathetic to 'radical' politics that challenged the established order, especially in the form of critics see Austen's novels , criticizing aspects of the social order but supporting stability and an open class hierarchy." In "Jane Austen and the War of Ideas" (1975), perhaps the most important of these works, Marilyn Butler argues that Austen was greatly influenced by the principal moral and political arguments of her time, and that she had a partisan, firmly conservative and Christian position in these arguments. Alistair M. Duckworth in "The Improvement of the Estate: A Study of Jane Austen's Novels" (1971) argues that Austen used the concept of the "estate" to symbolise all that was important society, which should be conserved (kept), improved, and passed down to future generations. As Rajeswari Rajan notes, "the idea of a political Austen is no longer seriously challenged". The questions scholars now study include: "the Revolution, war, nationalism, empire, class, 'improvement' [of the estate], the clergy, town versus (against) country, abolition, the professions, female emancipation; whether her politics were Tory, Whig, or radical; whether she was a conservative or a revolutionary, or occupied (kept) a reformist position between these extremes".

In the 1970s and 1980s, Austen studies was influenced by Sandra Gilbert and Susan Gubar's "The Madwoman in the Attic" (1979). "The Madwoman in the Attic" explores the "explosive anger" of nineteenth-century female English writers under their "decorous (proper) surfaces". This work, together with other feminist criticism of Austen, has made people see her as a "woman" writer. The interest these critics showed in Austen made people discover and study other women writers in Austen's time. Also, when Julia Prewitt Brown's "Jane Austen's Novels: Social Change and Literary Form" (1979), Margaret Kirkham's "Jane Austen: Feminism and Fiction" (1983), and Claudia L. Johnson's "Jane Austen: Women, Politics and the Novel" (1988) were printed, scholars were no longer able to argue that Austen was firmly "apolitical, or '". Kirkham, for example, said that Austen's thought and that of Mary Wollstonecraft were quite similar. She called them both "Enlightenment feminists". Johnson also places Austen in an eighteenth-century political tradition. However, she notes the influence Austen received from the political novels of the 1790s written by women.

In the late-1980s, 1990s, and 2000s ideological, postcolonial, and Marxist criticism dominated Austen studies. Generating heated debate, Edward Said devoted a chapter of his book "Culture and Imperialism" (1993) to "Mansfield Park", arguing that the peripheral position of "Antigua" and the issue of slavery demonstrated that colonial oppression was an unspoken assumption of English society during the early nineteenth century. In "Jane Austen and the Body: 'The Picture of Health"', (1992) John Wiltshire explored the preoccupation with illness and health of Austen's characters. Wiltshire addressed current theories of "the body as sexuality", and more broadly how culture is "inscribed" on the representation of the body. There has also been a return to considerations of aesthetics with D. A. Miller's "Jane Austen, or The Secret of Style" (2003) which connects artistic concerns with queer theory.


List of chess openings

Chess openings are listed and classified according to their first few moves. There are interesting statistics on the frequency of chess openings from chess databases.

The table shows how common each opening was for each era. It shows movement away from symmetrical defences and an increase in asymmetrical defences. In reply to 1.e4, the Sicilian and French Defence, and to 1.d4 the Indian defences become more common. It also shows an increased use of the English Opening for White.






There are few opening book for beginners. Some degree of understanding is needed before the details of an opening can be grasped. The endgame and middlegame should be studied before opening theory. The following books show complete games with elementary explanations of the moves:

None of these are suitable for beginners, but might be used by chess teachers and players of intermediate strength. Tip for teachers: always check the book's reviews.


Emperor Ninken

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

Ninken was a grandson of Emperor Richū; and he was adopted by the childless Emperor Seinei.

Very little is known about the events of Ninken's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei. 

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Ninken. 

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun"). Ninken is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") which is associated with the burial mound.


Emperor Buretsu

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

Buretsu was a son of Emperor Ninken. Buretsu was childless; and he became been the last monarch of the first Imperial dynasty of Japan.

Very little is known about the events of Buretsu's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.

As emperor, Buretsu is described as wicked in the "Nihonshoki," but this assessment is not mirrored in the text of the "Kojiki."

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Buretsu.

The "kami" of Emperor Buretsu was venerated at a Shinto shrine in Takaichi, Yamato province.

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun"). Buretsu is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") which is associated with the burial mound.


Prefectures of Japan

The former provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures between 1876 and 1879.

The word "todōfuken" combines the suffixes of the names of the 47 prefectures. The four suffixes are: 

Before World War II, different laws applied to "fu" and "ken," but now two types of prefecture are the same, outside of their names.

The prefectures are often grouped into these nine regions ("Chihō"). The regions are not formally specified, they do not have elected officials, and they are not corporate bodies. However, the practice of ordering prefectures based on their geographic region is traditional. This ordering is mirrored in Japan's International Organization for Standardization (ISO) coding. From north to south, the prefectures of Japan and their commonly associated regions are listed in traditional and in order:
Okinawa Prefecture is traditionally thought of as part of the Kyūshū region of Japan. Okinawa Prefecture is made up of islands which are southwest of the island of Kyushu. The Japanese government recognizes the prefecture as its own region in new 9-region, 11-region and 13-region systems.




List of provinces of Japan

The List of Provinces of Japan changed over time. The number and borders of provinces evolved from the 7th century through the Meiji Period. In the 1870s, the provinces were replaced by prefectures.

The traditional way of parsing the land of Japan was "five provinces and seven circuits" ("go-shichidō").

The traditional five core provinces of Japan were called "goki". 


The traditional seven core circuits of Japan were called "shichidō".








The island was changed from Ezo to Hokkaidō, and 11 provinces were established in 1869-1882.



Gilberto Kassab

Gilberto Kassab ( or ; born 12 August 1960 in São Paulo) was the mayor of São Paulo, the biggest city in Brazil. He is a member of the right-wing Democrat party. Kassab became famous when he brought in laws to stop billboard advertising, which he said were "visual pollution".

Terra nullius

Terra nullius means unclaimed territory. It is the correct term in international law. It means land which does not (at present) belong to any state. The term comes from the Latin, meaning "Nobody's thing". There is also an expression "no man's land", but that does not have a formal legal meaning.

Rule over "terra nullius" can be got by occupying the territory. There are various legal problems about this concept, but in practice it is often the business of neighbouring states to decide by negotiation. Diplomacy may sometimes be replaced by warfare.

Two territories that are currently "terra nullius" are Bir Tawil between Egypt and Sudan, and Marie Byrd Land, in Antarctica.

Free State (province)

The Free State (Afrikaans: Vrystaat, Sotho: Foreistata; before 1995, the Orange Free State) is a province of South Africa. Its capital is Bloemfontein, which is also South Africa's judicial capital, because the Supreme Court is there. The current borders of the province date from 1994 when the Bantustans were dissolved and were merged into the provinces of South Africa. It is also the only one of the older provinces of South Africa not to undergo border changes, not counting the incorporation of the Bantustans. It borders on six other provinces, and on Lesotho.

Orange Free State

The Orange Free State () was a country in southern Africa. It was ruled by the Afrikaners. It was defeated by the British Empire and its colonies, the British Cape Colony and the Natal Colony, in the Second Boer War. It became the Orange River Colony and later joined with other colonies to make the Union of South Africa.

Bir Tawil

Bir Tawil or Bi'r Tawīl (بيرطويل in Arabic; Bi'r or بير, meaning water well), is a small, , area. It is along the border between Egypt and Sudan. It is claimed by neither country right now. It is sometimes given the name the Bir Tawil Triangle, because even though it's not an exact triangle, it's made out of two triangles that share a border. The longer side is in the north of the area. It runs along the 22° north circle of latitude.

The administrative boundary of Sudan and Egypt was made in 1902. Their political boundary was set in 1899. It was set as the 22° north circle of latitude. This area lies south of the 22° parallel. East-to-west, the area is between long in the south. It is long in the north. It is between and wide north-to-south. It is also in size.

The Bir Tawil area came under Egyptian administration in 1902. This was because it was grazing land of the Ababda tribe based near Aswan, Egypt. At the same time, the Hala'ib Triangle north of latitude 22° north, and northeast of the area, came under Sudanese administration. This was because the tribes of this area were based in Sudan. The two "triangles" border at one point, a quadripoint.

In 1899, the Anglo-Egyptian Condominium Agreement for Sudan set the border between the territories at the 22nd parallel. At that time, the United Kingdom ruled the area. In 1902 the UK drew a separate "administrative boundary". Using this boundary, a triangle of land north of the parallel was placed under Sudanese administration. It was because its inhabitants were closer to Khartoum than Cairo, both geographically and culturally. The area was ruled by the British Governor in Khartoum. 

Egypt claims the original border from 1899, the 22° north circle of latitude. This would place the Hala'ib Triangle within Egypt and the Bir Tawil area within Sudan. Sudan claims the administrative border of 1902. This would put Hala'ib within Sudan, and Bir Tawil within Egypt. As a result, both states claim the Hala'ib Triangle. Neither state claims the much less valuable Bir Tawil area, which is only a tenth the size and is landlocked. There is no basis in international law for Sudan or Egypt to claim both territories. It would also be difficult for any other state to claim the area. This is because only Sudan or Egypt border the land. As a result, Bir Tawil is one of the few land areas of the world which is not claimed by any state. The offical currency is the but this is no longer circulated.

Bir Tawil is probably one of only two areas in the World which aren't claimed by any state. The other such area is Marie Byrd Land in Antarctica. There are a few private people who claim Bir Tawil.

In the north of the area is the mountain Jabal Tawil (جبل طويل in Arabic, located at ). It has a height of 459 meters. In the east is Jabal Ḩajar az Zarqā'. It has a height of 662 meters.

In the south is the Wadi Tawil (وادي طويل in Arabic, also called "Khawr Abū Bard", located at ), near Nogaem Valley.


Hebe Camargo

Hebe Maria Camargo (March, 8 1929 – September 29, 2012) is a Brazilian television host, actress and singer. 


Sam Bradford

Samuel Jacob Bradford (born November 8, 1987, in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is an American football quarterback for the Arizona Cardinals. He played for the Oklahoma Sooners college football team. He was drafted by the St. Louis Rams with the first overall pick in the 2010 National Football League (NFL) Draft. Bradford was the 2011 NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year.

Bradford is a Cherokee. (The Cherokee Nation is a Native American tribe.)

Olmedilla Photovoltaic Park

The Olmedilla Photovoltaic Park in Olmedilla de Alarcón, Spain, is the world’s largest photovoltaic plant. Built in 2008, the plant uses more than 160,000 solar photovoltaic panels to generate 60 megawatts (peak). It produces enough electricity to power more than 40,000 homes.


Strasskirchen Solar Park

The Strasskirchen Solar Park is a power station in Straßkirchen, Germany. It is the second-largest photovoltaic power station in the world, with an installed capacity of 54 MW.

Hiroshi Noguchi

Hiroshi Noguchi (born 25 February 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

252||28||13||2||26||0||291||30
252||28||13||2||26||0||291||30

Siegbert Tarrasch

Siegbert Tarrasch (Breslau, now Wrocław, 5 March 1862 – Munich, 17 February 1934) was a German doctor, and one of the strongest chess grandmasters of the day.

Tarrasch was born in Breslau, in Prussian Silesia. He left in 1880 to study medicine, and qualified as a physician. He lived most of his life in Nuremberg, Bavaria, and later in Munich. Tarrasch was born Jewish, and converted to Christianity in 1909. He was a patriotic German, who lost a son in World War I, but he faced antisemitism in the early stages of Nazism.
Tarrasch won more strong tournaments in the 1890s than any other player, and drew a 22-game match against Mikhail Chigorin, the leading Russian player. Tarrasch was also an influential chess writer, who summarised the chess ideas of the 1890s. It was his ideas against which the hypermoderns reacted in the early 1920s.<ref name="H/W">Hooper D. and Whyld K. 1992. "The Oxford companion to chess". 2nd ed, Oxford.</ref>

Occupied with his profession, Tarrasch did not challenge Steinitz, and turned down the young Emanuel Lasker's request for a match. This turned out to be a mistake, for Lasker then challended Steinitz, and won the world chess championship. Later Tarrasch unsuccessfully challenged Lasker for the world championship, in 1908. He was by then past his best, though he continued to play in tournaments for many years. His best result in later years was to reach the final pool in the strong St. Petersburg 1914 tournament. He came fourth, behind Lasker, Capablanca and Alekhine.

Tarrasch was a highly esteemed chess writer. His "Dreihundert Schachpartien" (1895; 300 chess games) was a landmark; it was the first 'best game collection' with in-depth annotations. The notes were readable and could be understood by ordinary players. This led to his being described as the "praeceptor mundi", which is Latin for 'teacher of the world'. The book was called by the American grandmaster Reuben Fine "One of the monuments of our game".

Tarrasch regularly wrote tournament reports and notes for games in the "Deutsch Schachzeitung", the German-language chess magazine. These annotations were read throughout the world, since that was the leading chess magazine of the day.

In his later elementary textbook "The game of chess" (1931) he wrote 


Tetsuya Takada

Tetsuya Takada (born 31 July 1969) is a former Japanese football player.

134||6||9||0||6||2||149||8
134||6||9||0||6||2||149||8

Tadamichi Machida

Tadamichi Machida (born 23 May 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

51||10||1||0||9||0||61||10
51||10||1||0||9||0||61||10

Branko Hucika

Branko Hucika (born 10 July 1977) is a former Croatian football player.

Goran Vasilijević

Goran Vasilijević (born August 27, 1965) is a former Serbian football player.

32||4||0||0||0||0||32||4
32||4||0||0||0||0||32||4

Owusu Benson

Owusu Benson (born 22 March 1977) is a Ghanaian football player. He has played for Ghana national team.

18||0
287||40
23||2
328||42

!Total||1||0

Massimo Taibi

Massimo Taibi (born 18 February 1970) is a former Italian football player.

561||1
4||0
565||1

Noureddine Naybet

Noureddine Naybet (born 10 February 1970) is a former Moroccan football player. He has played for Morocco national team.

34||1
54||5
211||10
30||1
39||17

!Total||115||2

Kim Hyun-seok (footballer)

Kim Hyun-Seok (born 5 May 1967) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

25||16||0||0||4||1||29||17
25||16||0||0||4||1||29||17

!Total||23||5

Kwanzaa

Kwanzaa is a week long celebration held in the United States to honor universal African heritage and culture. People light a kinara (candle holder with seven candles) and give each other gifts. It takes place from December 26 to January 1 every year. It was created by Maulana Karenga and was first celebrated in 1966 - 1967. Non-African Americans also celebrate Kwanzaa. The holiday greeting is "Joyous Kwanzaa".

Kwanzaa is a celebration that started in the black nationalist movement of the 1960s. It was created as a way to help African Americans reconnect with their African cultural and historical heritage. 

The name Kwanzaa comes from the Swahili phrase "matunda ya kwanza", meaning first fruits of the harvest. 

During the early years of Kwanzaa, Karenga said that it was meant to be an alternative to Christmas, that Jesus was psychotic, and that Christianity was a white religion that black people should shun. However, as Kwanzaa became more popular, Karenga changed his position so that practicing Christians could also feel included. He stated in the 1997 "Kwanzaa: A Celebration of Family, Community, and Culture", "Kwanzaa was not created to give people an alternative to their own religion or religious holiday."

Many Christian African Americans who celebrate Kwanzaa do so in addition to observing Christmas.

Kwanzaa celebrates what its founder called the seven principles of Kwanzaa, or "Nguzo Saba" (originally "Nguzu Saba"—the seven principles of blackness). Karenga said that this "is a communitarian African philosophy," . It consists of what Karenga called "the best of African thought and practice in constant exchange with the world." These seven principles comprise "Kawaida", a Swahili term for tradition and reason. Each of the seven days of Kwanzaa is dedicated to one of the following principles, as follows:

Kwanzaa symbols include a decorative mat on which other symbols are placed, corn and other crops, a candle holder with seven candles, called a kinara, a communal cup for pouring libations, gifts, a poster of the seven principles, and a black, red, and green flag. The symbols were designed to convey the seven principles.

During Kwanzaa, families also decorate their households with objects of art. They use colorful African cloth such as kente, especially the wearing of kaftans by women. Fresh fruits that represent African idealism are also used. It is normal to include children in Kwanzaa ceremonies and to give respect and gratitude to ancestors. Libations are shared, generally with a common chalice ("a shared cup"), "Kikombe cha Umoja", passed around to all people present. A Kwanzaa ceremony may include drumming and musical selections, libations, a reading of the African Pledge and the Principles of Blackness, reflection on the Pan-African colors, a discussion of the African principle of the day or a chapter in African history, a candle-lighting ritual, artistic performance, and, finally, a feast (Karamu). The greeting for each day of Kwanzaa is "Habari Gani?" which is Swahili for "What's the News?"

Cultural exhibitions include the Spirit of Kwanzaa, an annual celebration held at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts featuring interpretive dance, African dance, song and poetry.




Interventional Radiology

Interventional radiology is defined as the branch of medicine that diagnoses and treats a wide range of diseases using actions that are performed through the skin (for example an injection) or carried out with the least damage by x-rays, sonography, and so on.

Some of these procedures are done only for diagnostic purposes, while others are done for treatment purposes. Images are used to direct these procedures, which are usually done with needles or other tiny instruments like small tubes called catheters. The images provide road maps that allow the Interventional Radiologist to guide these instruments through the body to the areas containing diseases.

Chess Olympiad

Chess Olympiads are chess events open to all national teams. They have been run since 1927 by the world chess organisation, FIDE. Since 1950, they have been run every two years. Earlier events were all-play-all. Then, as numbers grew, a system of qualifying sections were used. In recent times, the format has been a Swiss system. This, in chess terms, is a method whereby opponents are chosen each round to have similar scores. It has been widely used for individual tournaments. 

Chess is a recognized sport by the International Olympic Committee with FIDE being the recognized International Sports Federation for chess since June 1999.
As a member of the International Olympic Committee, FIDE adheres to its rules, including controversially having doping tests. The prospects of chess becoming an Olympic sporting event at some future date remain unclear. The naming of FIDE's team championship as the "Chess Olympiad" is of historical origin and implies no connection between this event and the Olympic Games.

The next Chess Olympiad will be held in 2014 in Norway.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> In 1936 FIDE refused its approval on grounds of Nazi anti-semitism; however, the organisers accepted Jewish players, and many did play in the event.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> In 1976 the USSR and other communist countries did not compete for political reasons.

Cassandra Austen

Cassandra Elizabeth Austen (9 January 1773 – 22 March 1845) was the older sister of Jane Austen. She was Jane's best friend and a beauty. Her fiancé died; she never married.

Austen was born in 1773 in Steventon, Hampshire. Her father was the Rev. George Austen (1731–1805), and her mother was Cassandra, "née" Leigh (1739–1827). There were 8 Austen children. As Cassandra and Jane were the only girls they kept up an especially close friendship through their entire lives. Over 100 letters addressed to Cassandra from Jane are still kept. These letters have helped historians to find out more details about the life of Jane Austen. When Cassandra went to school, Jane followed her. At first it was arranged that Jane was not to go, as she was considered to be too young for schooling. However, she ended up going with Cassandra. In their mother's words, "if Cassandra's head had been going to be cut off, Jane would have hers cut off too".

When Jane died in 1817, Austen is reported to have destroyed many of her letters, most of them dated after 1795. Austen herself lived alone until her death on 22 March 1845, aged 72. She was buried at St. Nicholas' Church in Chawton, Hampshire.

Lord Mayor

The Lord Mayor is the title of the Mayor of a major city, with special recognition.

In Australia, the title of Lord Mayor is a political position, which means people vote for people to take the position. There are 10 Australian cities that have a Lord Mayor: Adelaide, Brisbane, Darwin, Hobart, Melbourne, Newcastle, Parramatta, Perth, Sydney and Wollongong. 

In Canada, the only town with a Lord Mayor is Niagara-on-the-Lake, which has a Lord Mayor as recognition of its role as the first Capital of Upper Canada.

Before the 2006 Fijian coup d'état, Fiji had several municipal councils, which were local government bodies. However, they were all dismissed after the coup and not restored. During the period that Fiji had municipal councils, the city of Suva had a Lord Mayor.

In the Republic of Ireland, the title of Lord Mayor is a symbolic title, as in the United Kingdom. Cork and Dublin both have Lord Mayors.

Kuala Lumpur has a Lord Mayor.

In England, Wales and Northern Ireland it is a ceremonial position. This means the person is not in charge of the day to day work of the city, but represents the city at important events. These positions are given to a person by letters patent, which are a special letter from the monarch.



Henry Dyck

Henry Dyck (September 5, 1912 – November 15, 1993) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left wing who played one game in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers.

Steve Wochy

Stephen Wojciechowski (born December 25, 1922), also known as Steve Wochy, is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player, who played 54 games for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League. He was born in Fort William, Ontario.

Prior to playing in the NHL, Wojciechowski was a member of the Port Arthur Bearcats in 1942 appearing in the 1942 Allan Cup. Wojciechowski played 10 seasons in the American Hockey League after leaving the NHL, with the Indianapolis Capitals, Philadelphia Rockets, Cleveland Barons and Buffalo Bisons. Wojciechowski was named a first team AHL All-star in 1952.

Fort William, Ontario

Fort William was a city in Northern Ontario. It was on the Kaministiquia River, at its entrance to Lake Superior. It amalgamated with Port Arthur and the townships of Neebing and McIntyre to form the city of Thunder Bay in January 1970. Ever since then it has been the largest city in Northwestern Ontario.




Port Arthur Bearcats

The Port Arthur Bearcats were an amateur men's senior ice hockey team based in Port Arthur, Ontario, now part of the city of Thunder Bay. Port Arthur were champions Canadian Amateur Hockey Association four times, and were chosen twice as represent Canada as the Canada men's national ice hockey team at international competitions.

The Port Arthur team played several season without a nicknames over its history, with several generic names applied to the team including the Port Arthur Ports, Port Arthur Hockey Club, and the Port Arthur Seniors. The team ceased due to World War II in 1943.

There was a revival in 1945 with a new Port Arthur Bearcats club that operated until the merger of Port Arthur and Fort William and creation of the Thunder Bay Twins in 1970. 

Allan Cup

The Allan Cup is the trophy awarded to the national senior amateur men’s ice hockey champions of Canada. The trophy was donated in 1908 by Sir H. Montagu Allan as a trophy for amateur teams, to replace the Stanley Cup, whose tournament had become a professional competition. 

"Only listed are the final champions of the season, some teams may have carried the Allan Cup through winning challenges halfway through these seasons, but finishing the season with the trophy is what counted. For those teams who did not finish the season with the cup, they can be viewed by looking at articles for the first few Allan Cups."

"{*} denotes event held in multiple locations. Applicable locations are listed on the event's specific article."

"(*) Saskatchewan totals include championships won by teams from Lloydminster."


Pokémon Black and White

Pokémon Black Version and White Version are two role-playing games (RPGs) in the "Pokémon" series made by Game Freak for the Nintendo DS. The games were released in Japan on September 18, 2010, in Europe on March 4, 2011, in North America on March 6, 2011, and in Australia on March 10, 2011. The games have 156 new Pokémon, which brings the total to 649. These games introduce the largest amount of Pokémon in any generation.

"Pokémon Black" and "White" are role-playing games where the player captures creatures called Pokémon. They can use them to battle against other Pokémon. One of the new features in the games are triple battles, which allows players to battle three Pokémon against three Pokémon. Alongside triple battles are Rotation Battles. Players still send out three Pokémon, but only one can battle at a time. The player can switch the position of their Pokémon during their turn. Also new is that the seasons change, and areas in the game have falling leaves in the fall, and snow in the winter.

"Pokémon Black" and "White" take place in the Unova region, which is based on New York City and its surrounding area, unlike past games being based on regions of Japan. The plot of the game follows a new Pokémon trainer who is on a journey to become a Pokémon master. They do this by battling other trainers such as Gym Leaders, and finally the Elite Four. During this journey, the player meets an evil team known as Team Plasma, who look like knights. 

Team Plasma wants to make a new world where Pokémon are no longer owned by trainers. The player has numerous encounters with the king of the organization, a young man simply known as "N". Through those encounters, the player learns that N truly believes in separating Pokémon from their trainers (later proved in the sequels by the player being able to find the Pokémon that N has released during the events of the game in the wild).

After the player beats all eight Gym Leaders in the region, they go to the Pokémon League. There, they challenge the Elite Four. After beating the Elite Four, the player goes to challenge the Champion of Unova, only to find that N had beat him. Suddenly, Team Plasma's castle rises from the dirt, surrounding the Pokémon League. The player goes in to find that N has summoned the Pokémon of (Ideals in Black Version (Zekrom) or Ideals in White Version (Reshiram)), before he has the player summon the other Pokémon. Once these Pokémon are summoned and N is defeated again, the leader of Team Plasma, Ghetsis, reveals that he used N for his own personal gain. The player beats Ghetsis, and the credits begin.


Adolf Anderssen

Karl Ernst Adolf Anderssen (Breslau, 6 July 1818 – Breslau, 13 March 1879) was a German chess master, and a teacher of mathematics. He was recognised as the best player in the world for much of the time between 1851 and 1870. 

Anderssen won three great international tournaments: the first in London 1851, then London 1862 and Baden-Baden 1870. Anderssen lost matches in 1858 to Paul Morphy and, narrowly, to Steinitz in 1866. He was also a chess problem composer.

Anderssen became the most successful tournament player in Europe, winning over half the events he entered—including the Baden-Baden 1870 tournament, which is comparable to modern strong GM tournaments. His last success was at Leipzig in 1877 where he came second equal with Zukertort, behind Paulsen. He was then nearly 60.

He is still famous for his brilliant sacrificial attacking play, particularly in the 'Immortal Game' (1851) and the 'Evergreen Game' (1852). He was also one of the most likeable of chess masters and became an elder statesman of the game, to whom others turned for advice or arbitration.

Anderssen was never world champion because "there was as yet no concept of a formal championship, or of the means by which one might be awarded... The world championship proper was the creation of Wilhelm Steinitz (18361900)... The first match for the world championship was in 1886"... Also: "Wilhelm Steinitz... was the first person to use the title of Champion of the world...".

Anderssen was a teacher of mathematics in Breslau (now Wroclaw). He became a professor in about 1862, and in January 1865 was awarded honorary degrees of PhD and MA. These honours were not for chess, but not much is known about the teaching part of his career.


Bayesian network

A Bayesian network is a kind of graph which is used to model events that cannot be observed. This can then be used for inference. The graph that is used is directed, and does not contain any cycles. The nodes of the graph represent random variables. If two nodes are connected by an edge, it has an associated probability that it will transmit from one node to the other.

Bayesian networks are mainly used in the field of (unassisted) machine learning. They have been used where information needs to be classified. Examples are image, document, or speech recognition, and information retrieval.

It is based on Reverend Thomas Bayes' discovery in the 1740s called Bayes' theorem.

The term "Bayesian networks" was made by Judea Pearl in 1985 to emphasize three aspects:

In the late 1980s "Probabilistic Reasoning in Intelligent Systems" and "Probabilistic Reasoning in Expert Systems" summarized the properties of Bayesian networks and helped to establish Bayesian networks as a field of study.

Informal variants of such networks were first used by legal scholar John Henry Wigmore, in the form of Wigmore charts, to analyse trial evidence in 1913. Another variant, called path diagrams, was developed by the geneticist Sewall Wright and used in social and behavioral sciences (mostly with linear parametric models).

M1 Abrams

The M1 Abrams is a modern main battle tank used by the United States. It is also exported to many countries. It is a well armed, well protected, and fast tank designed for modern armored ground warfare. Notable features of the M1 Abrams include the use of a powerful engine, layered armor, and a low profile. It is one of the heaviest tanks in service(use), weighing almost 70 short tons.

The M1 Abrams entered U.S. service in 1980, replacing the M60 Patton. Three main versions of the M1 Abrams have been used, the M1, M1A1, and M1A2, incorporating improved armament, protection and electronics. These improvements, as well as periodic upgrades to older tanks have allowed this long-serving vehicle to remain in front-line service. The M1A3 is currently under development. It is the principal (main) main battle tank of the United States Army and Marine Corps, and the armies of Egypt, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Australia, and in 2010 Iraq.It thought likely to be in U.S. service until the 2050s.


Sexual intercourse

Sexual intercourse (or simply called sex) is the insertion and thrusting of a male's penis into a female's vagina. People and animals that sexually reproduce use sexual intercourse to have an offspring. Sometimes sexual intercourse is called coitus, copulation, mating, or fornication, and is more casually known as having sex or sleeping together. The two animals may be of opposite sexes or they may be hermaphroditic, as is the case with snails. Sexual intercourse may also be between individuals of the same sex.

Humans sometimes engage in behaviors that do not include the penetration of sexual organs, such as oral intercourse or anal intercourse or by non-sexual organs (fingering, fisting). These behaviors are sometimes included in the definition of sexual intercourse. Sex is usually teleiophilic (between adults).

Two animals coming together for the purposes of sexual reproduction is called mating. Most mammals only mate when the female is at the point of estrus, which is the most fertile period of time in its reproductive cycle. In certain animals, sexual intercourse is not only used for reproduction, but has taken other functions as well. These animals include bonobos, dolphins, and chimpanzees which also have sexual intercourse even when the female is not in estrus, and to engage in sex acts with same-sex partners. In most instances, humans have sex primarily for pleasure. This behavior in the above mentioned animals is also presumed to be for pleasure, which in turn strengthens social bonds.

Many governments have laws relating to sex. Forcing someone to have sex who does not want to, called rape, is a serious crime in many countries. There are other forms of sex that may also be against the law, such as incest, sex with minors, sex outside of a marriage, prostitution, homosexual sex, sex with animals, as well as others.

Sexual intercourse is the natural and most common way to make a baby. It involves a man and woman having sex without birth control until the man ejaculates, or releases, semen from his penis into the woman's vagina. The semen, which has sperm in it (which is made in his testicles), moves to the Fallopian tubes, and if it finds an ovum on its way, it will try to fertilize it. If this works, the now fertilized ovum sticks to the side of the uterus and the woman becomes pregnant. The fertilized ovum then develops into a human. Medically, it is called a pregnancy until birth.

Certain species of animals also have sex for other purposes than to bear offspring. These include Humans, bonobos, chimpanzees and dolphins. These species also are among those known to engage in homosexual behaviors.
In both humans and bonobos, the female has a relatively concealed ovulation. Neither male or female partners commonly know whether she is fertile at any given moment. One reason for this may be that sex partners of these species form strong emotional bonds. The partners come together for more than just sexual intercourse. In the case of humans, long-term partnership is more important than immediate sexual reproduction.

Humans, bonobos and dolphins show cooperative behavior. In many cases, this behavior has shown better results than what an individual can achieve alone. In these animals, the use of sex has evolved beyond reproduction and has taken additional social functions. Sex reinforces intimate social bonds between individuals. Overall, such cooperation also benefits each member of the group in that they are better able to survive.

In humans, sexual intercourse seems to serve three types of purposes, which do not exclude one another:

In the late 20th century, very effective forms of contraception (birth control) were developed allowing a man and women to help prevent a baby from being made when they have sex. One type of contraception is a condom. This is a piece of rubber that covers the penis that a man can wear during intercourse, which stops the man's semen from going into the woman's vagina. This does not always work though because the condom may rip or tear. Another well-known type of contraception is called the Pill, which a woman takes every day. When a woman is "on the Pill," she and her partner may have sex any time they wish with very little chance of making a baby. It is recommended that a couple who have a sexual relationship use two forms of contraception. That way if one fails the other is a 'backup'. 
Contraception allows people to keep "sex for fun" separate from "sex to make children". For example, a fertile couple may use contraception to experience sexual pleasure (recreational). At the same time, this experience may strengthen their relationship, and a stronger relationship may mean that they will better be able to raise children in the future.

Who people like to have sex with depends on their sexuality. Men who like to have sex with women, and women who like to have sex with men are heterosexual or straight. Men who only like to have sex with other men, and women who only like to have sex with other women are homosexual or "gay". A different word to describe a woman who only likes to have sex with other women is "lesbian". Some people like both men and women, which is called being bisexual. Others do not feel sexual attraction at all, and are referred to as asexual.

Some diseases can be caught by having sex. These diseases are called sexually-transmitted infections (STIs).

Some examples of STIs include chlamydia infection, syphilis and gonorrhea. A virus called HIV causes AIDS, which cannot be cured and can lead to death.

Using Latex condoms or oral dams reduce the chance that a few types of diseases will be passed on, but it is not entirely effective for all STIs. Birth control (like "the Pill") can prevent pregnancy, but won't prevent sexual infections.

Some STIs can also be spread in ways other than having sex. For example, herpes simplex and hepatitis B could be caught by a virgin without having sex, but can also be caught through sex. Some types of STIs can spread from contact between the genitals, mouth, anus, skin, eyes, and (rarely) infected surfaces; this depends a lot on the type of STI and how it spreads. Some common diseases like HPV can cause warts and cancer in the genitals or anus or throat.

There exists an HPV vaccine that prevents some sexually-transmitted strains of HPV; however, the vaccine only works if you get vaccinated before becoming infected. The vaccine is approved of for both men and women, but is often not required in the U.S. due to politics.

There are many other kinds of sex. Two of them are oral sex and anal sex.

Oral sex is when one partner uses the tongue, mouth, or throat to excite the other partner's sex organs.

Slangs for oral sex is common in Western cultures, for example: "going down on", "giving a blowjob", "giving head", or "eating out". The technical term for oral sex is fellatio if performed on a male and cunnilingus if performed on a female. When a man performs fellatio on himself, it is called autofellatio, and autocunnilingus if a woman performs cunnilingus on herself. Few men and women are able to do this.

People can get sexually transmitted infections from oral sex, such as herpes (which can be passed between the mouth and groin), HIV and even oral cancer.

Anal sex is when an erect penis or other device made for sexual pleasure is inserted into a sexual partner's anus. Anal sex with a female does not lead to pregnancy by itself, however, semen can leak out of the anus and enter into the vagina, and pregnancy may rarely occur. Anal sex can still pass sexually transmitted diseases from one partner to another. Anal sex comes with some risks since the skin is delicate. For safety and pleasure, partners often use condoms, female condoms and/or lubrication.

A painful sexual act is a condition of repeated or persistent genital pain before, during, or after sexual intercourse due to physical and/or emotional causes. Doctors call the condition "dyspareunia". It occurs in women and men. The condition affects up to one-fifth of women at some point in their lives.



Gerontology

Gerontology (from Greek: γέρων, "geron", "old man" and -λογία, "-logy", "study of") is the study of the social, psychological and biological aspects of aging created by Ilya Mechnikov. It is distinguished from "geriatrics", which is the branch of medicine that studies the disease of the elderly. 

Gerontology includes these and other endeavors:

"Biogerontology" is the subfield of gerontology dedicated to studying the biological processes of aging. It includes "Biomedical gerontology," also known as "experimental gerontology" and "life extension", is a sub discipline of biogerontology that endeavors to slow, prevent, and even reverse aging in both humans and animals. Curing age-related diseases is one approach, and slowing down the underlying processes of aging with the help of physical exercises is another. Most "life extensionists" believe the human life span can be altered within the 21st century.

"Social gerontology" is a multi-disciplinary sub-field that specializes in studying or working with older adults. Social gerontologists may have degrees or training in social work, nursing, psychology, sociology, demography, gerontology, or other social science disciplines. Social gerontologists are responsible for educating, researching, and advancing the broader causes of older people by giving informative presentations, publishing books and articles that pertain to the aging population, producing relevant films and television programs, and producing new graduates of these various disciplines in college and university settings.



George Lowe

George Lowe is an American voice actor. He is best known for voicing Space Ghost on the adult swim program . He also voices Brak's Dad on The Brak Show. 


Andy Merrill

Andy Merrill is an American voice actor best known for voicing Brak and Oglethorpe for adult swim. He used to be a writer for . 


Dana Snyder

Dana Snyder (born November 14, 1973) is an American voice artist and comedian. He is best known for voicing Master Shake in the "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" franchise and Alistair in "Open Season 3".

Snyder was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania. He was raised in , Pennsylvania. He still lives in , Pennsylvania.

Todd Hanson

Todd Hanson (born October 10, 1968) is a writer for "The Onion". He voices Dan Halen on the Adult Swim program "Squidbillies". 

Hanson has lived in Wisconsin and New York City, New York.


Unknown Hinson

Unknown Hinson (born November 7, 1954) is a singer and voice actor. He is best known as the voice of Early Cuyler on the adult swim program "Squidbillies". His real name is Stuart Daniel Baker.

Emperor Kinmei

, also written as "Kimmei", was the 29th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. His reign started in 540 and ended in 571. Historians consider details about the life of Emperor Kinmei to be possibly legendary, but probable. The name Kimmu"-tennō" was created for him posthumously by later generations. 

The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

Emperor Kinmei's father was Emperor Keitai and his mother was Emperor Ninken's daughter, . He was the third son; and his older brother was Emperor Senka.

Kinmei had six wives and 25 Imperial children (16 sons and 9 daughters).




Kinmei established his court at in Yamato.

Kinmei's reign was marked by the introduction of Buddhism in Japan. The King of Kudara in Korea sent the emperor gifts of Buddhist scripture and a statue of the Buddha. 

In this reign, the emperor's chief ministers were:

This emperor's official name after his death (his posthumous name) was regularized many centuries after the lifetime which was ascribed to Kinmei. 

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the emperor's final resting place is in an earthen tumulus ("kofun"). Kinmei is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") which is associated with the burial mound.


Don Kennedy

Donald J. Kennedy (March 2, 1930 – June 29, 2023) was an American radio and television personality and voice talent, whose career began in the late 1940s with a radio announcer spot on Pennsylvania station WPIC. He is known for voicing Tansit on the adult swim program "". He is also known for voicing Morlun on The Brak Show. 
Kennedy died on June 29, 2023, at the age of 93. His daughter Rebecca Maple reported that he had been suffering from dementia following a stroke in 2015.

Complex sentence

A complex sentence is a sentence with two or more of dependent sentences and independent sentences mixed together by subordinating conjunctions, such as "although," "after," "until," "while," or "when'".

For example:
"Before the curtain rose, Nick came out and took a bow."

In this sentence, "before" is a subordinating conjunction. "Before the curtain rose" is a dependent sentence. With its subordinating conjunction, it joins the independent sentence by being smoothly contacted by its meaning. But without this independent sentence,"Nick came and took a bow", the dependent sentence cannot stay by itself. "Before the curtain rose" cannot stay by itself without an independent sentence joined together by adding a subordinating conjunction. Charlie Waldron invented the complex sentence. Dylan Mahoney made the 2nd most famous complex sentence.

Emperor Keitai

, also known as "Keitai okimi", was the 26th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. Historians consider details about the life of Emperor Keitai to be possibly legendary, but probable. The name Keitai"-tennō" was created for him posthumously by later generations.

No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign. The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

Some modern reference works of history call Keitai the "King Ohoto of Koshi". Koshi was a small regional entity in what would become Koshi Province in northern Japan.

According to the "Kojiki" and "Nihon Shoki", Ketai was a fifth generation grandson of Emperor Ōjin.

When Emperor Buretsu died without a successor, Ketai attained the throne.

There was a period of disputes over the succession after Keitai's death. One branch of the Yamato clan supported sons who would become Emperor Ankan and Emperor Senka. Another branch supported the third son who would become known as Emperor Kimmei.

Very little is known about the events of Keitai's life and reign. Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.

Keitai confronted rebellion in Kyūshū, which was then known as the . The emperor sent forces to calm the unrest.

