All warm things give off thermal radiation, which is electromagnetic radiation. For most things on Earth this radiation is in the infra-red range, but something very hot (1000 °C or more), gives off visible radiation, that is, light. In the late 1800's many scientists studied the wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation from black-body radiators at different temperatures.

Lord Rayleigh first published the basics of the Rayleigh-Jeans law in 1900. The theory was based on the Kinetic theory of gasses. Sir James Jeans published a more complete theory in 1905. The law relates the quantity and wavelength of electromagnetic energy given off by a black body radiator at different temperatures. The equation describing this is: 

For long-wavelength radiation, the results predicted by this equation corresponded well with practical results obtained in a laboratory. However, for short wavelengths (ultraviolet light) the difference between theory and practice were so large that it earned the nickname "the ultra-violet catastrophe".

in 1895 Wien published the results of his studies into the radiation from a black body. His formula was:

This formula worked well for short wavelength electromagnetic radiation, but did not work well with long wavelengths.

In 1900 Max Planck published the results of his studies. He tried to develop an expression for black-body radiation expressed in terms of wavelength by assuming that radiation consisted of small quanta and then to see what happened if the quanta were made infinitely small. (This is a standard mathematical approach). The expression was:

If the wavelength of light is allowed to become very large, then it can be shown that the Raleigh-Jeans and the Planck relationships are almost identical.

He calculated "h" and "k" and found that

The values are close to the modern day accepted values of and respectively. The Planck law agrees well with the experimental data, but its full significance was only appreciated several years later.

It turns out that electrons are dislodged by the photoelectric effect if light reaches a threshold frequency. Below this no electrons can be emitted from the metal. In 1905 Albert Einstein published a paper explaining the effect. Einstein proposed that a beam of light is not a wave propagating through space, but rather a collection of discrete wave packets (photons), each with energy. Einstein said that the effect was due to a photon striking an electron. This demonstrated the particle nature of light.

Einstein also found that electromagnetic radiation with a long wavelength had no effect. Einstein said that this was because the "particles" did not have enough energy to disturb the electrons.

Planck suggested that the energy of each photon was related to the photon frequency by the Planck constant. This could be written mathematically as:

Planck received the Nobel Prize in 1918 in recognition of the services he rendered to the advancement of Physics by his discovery of energy quanta. In 1921 Einstein received the Nobel Prize for linking the Planck constant to the photoelectric effect.

The Planck constant is of importance in many applications. A few are listed below.
In 1913 Niels Bohr published the Bohr model of the structure of an atom. Bohr said that the angular momentum of the electrons going around the nucleus can only have certain values. These values are given by the equation

where

The Bohr model of the atom can be used to calculate the energy of electrons at each level. Electrons will normally fill up the lowest numbered states of an atom. If the atom receives energy from, for example, an electric current, electrons will be excited into a higher state. The electrons will then drop back to a lower state and will lose their extra energy by giving off a photon. Because the energy levels have specific values, the photons will have specific energy levels. Light emitted in this way can be split into different colours using a prism. Each element has its own pattern. The pattern for neon is shown alongside.

In 1927 Werner Heisenberg published the uncertainty principle. The principle states that it is not possible to make a measurement without disturbing the thing being measured. It also puts a limit on the minimum disturbance caused by making a measurement.

In the macroscopic world these disturbances make very little difference. For example, if the temperature of a flask of liquid is measured, the thermometer will absorb a small amount of energy as it heats up. This will cause a small error in the final reading, but this error is small and not important.

In quantum mechanics things are different. Some measurements are made by looking at the pattern of scattered photons. One such example is Compton scattering. If both the position and momentum of a particle is being measured, the uncertainty principle states that there is a trade-off between the accuracy with which the momentum is measured and the accuracy with which the position is measured. The equation that describes this trade-off is: 
where

In the electric circuit shown on the right, the voltage drop across the light emitting diode (LED) depends on the material of the LED. For silicon diodes the drop is 0.6 V. However for LEDs it is between 1.8 V and 2.7 V. This information enables a user to calculate the Planck constant.

The energy needed for one electron to jump the potential barrier in the LED material is given by 
where

When the electron decays back again, it emits one photon of light. The energy of the photon is given by
the same equation used in the photoelectric effect. If these equations are combined, the wavelength of light and the voltage are related by

The table below can be calculated from this relationship.

Since its discovery, measurements of h have become much better. Planck first quoted the value of h to be erg·sec. This value is within 5% of the current value.

As of 3 March 2014, the best measurements of h in SI units is  J·s. The equivalent figure in cgs units is  erg·sec. The relative uncertainty of h is .

The reduced Planck constant (ħ) is a value that is sometimes used in quantum mechanics. It is defined by

Planck units are sometimes used in quantum mechanics instead of SI. In this system the reduced Planck constant has a value of 1, so the value of the Planck constant is 2π.
Plancks constant can now be measured with very high precision. This has caused the BIPM to consider a new definition for the kilogram. The international prototype kilogram is no longer used to define the kilogram. Instead the BIPM defines the Planck constant to have an exact value. Scientists use this value and the definitions of the metre and the second to define the kilogram.

The Planck constant can also be mathematically derived:

formula_11

Here, formula_12 is the permeability of free space, formula_13 is the speed of light, formula_14 is the electric charge of electron, formula_15 is the Bohr's radius, and formula_16 is the frequency of revolution of the electron in a hydrogen atom formula_17. When these constant values are substituted to the theoretical Planck constant, the theoretical Planck constant value is exactly equal to the experimental value.
The Planck's constant elementary formula in terms of proton-to-electron mass ratio, the charge of electron, speed of light and vacuum permittivity is derived in. It is expressed as follows:

formula_18

where formula_19 is the elementary charge of an electron, formula_20 the mass of a proton, formula_21the mass of an electron, formula_22 the vacuum permittivity, and formula_13 the speed of light.


Sebastian Coe

Sebastian Newbold Coe, Baron Coe (born 29 September 1956, and often nicknamed Seb Coe) is a former athlete and politician from the United Kingdom. A middle distance runner, Coe won the 1500 m gold medal at the Olympic Games in 1980 and 1984, and set eight outdoor and three indoor world records. He is widely considered to be amongst the greatest middle distance runners of all time. Following his retirement from athletics, he served as a Member of Parliament for the Conservative Party from 1992-97. He became a life peer in 2000. He is the head of the London bid to host the 2012 Summer Olympics. After the International Olympic Committee awarded the games to London, he became the chairman of the London Organising Committee for the Olympic Games. In 2007, he was also elected a vice-president of the International Association of Athletics Federations.

Coe was born in Hammersmith, London. He grew up in Warwickshire and Sheffield. His mother, Tina Angela Coe, died in Hammersmith and Fulham, London, in 2005, aged 75. His mother was half Indian, born to a Punjabi father Sardari Lal and an English mother Vera. His father, Peter Coe (born Percy N. Coe in Kingston upon Thames), died on 9 August 2008, aged 88, while Coe was in Beijing.

Coe married Nicky McIrvine, a former Badminton three-day-event champion, in Surrey, in 1990. They have two sons and two daughters, all of whom were born in Surrey:


The marriage ended in divorce in 2002 after twelve years and Coe moved out of the family home. Coe married Carole Annett in summer 2011.

On 12 February 2010, Coe was the 19th runner on the 106th day of the Vancouver Olympic Torch Relay. Coe's leg was along the Stanley Park Seawall, and he exchanged a "torch kiss" with the previous runner, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and the next runner, a 19 year old member of the Squamish community.

He was awarded with the first Prince of Asturias Award in sports category in 1987.

Coe was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire in 1982 and an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1990. He was created a life peer in 2000 as Baron Coe, of Ranmore in the County of Surrey.

In December 2005, Coe was given a Special award at the BBC Sports Personality of the Year awards ceremony. He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 2006 New Year's Honours List for services to sport.




Theme restaurant

Theme restaurants are.restaurants in which the idea for the restaurant takes priority. It influences the architecture, food, music, and overall "feel" of the restaurant. The food usually takes a backseat to the presentation of the theme. These restaurants generally attract customers only because of the theme itself.

One example is the "Rainforest Cafe" restaurants which have the obvious theme of a "Tropical Rainforest". "Medieval Times" has its theme of "Medieval Europe". The "Jekyll & Hyde Club" has an atmosphere of Jack the Ripper and Victorian horror novels. One strange but famous theme restaurant in Berlin, Germany is called "das Klo" (German for "The toilet"). It shows the insides of a toilet.

Many people consider the Rainforest Cafe to be biggest example of a theme restaurant. They also consider it the restaurant which kicked off the theme restaurant trend. Theme restaurants may be experiencing a decline in popularity, given the closings of several Planet Hollywood, Jekyll & Hyde Club, and Wilderness Cafe locations in recent years. Theme restaurants often depend on tourist business, since the theme soon becomes stale to locals. The focus is not necessarily placed on good food and service. Certain tourist destinations such as the Mall of America or Orlando, Florida have better chances of supporting theme restaurants. Theme restaurants are generally common at theme parks, such as Universal Studios.


John Laing plc

John Laing plc is a British developer and operator of privately financed, public sector infrastructure projects such as roads, railways, hospitals and schools. Before being bought by Henderson Private Equity in December 2006, John Laing plc was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was part of the FTSE 250 Index.

The business started in 1848. James Laing (born in 1816), along with his wife Ann Graham, and some employees whom they had hired, built a house on a plot of land that they had bought for £30 in Cumberland. The £150 proceeds from the first house financed the building of the next two houses on the same plot of land. One of these houses was kept by the Laing Family to live in. The family and the business later moved near Carlisle.

When James Laing died in 1882, his son, John Laing (born in 1842) took over the running of the company. John began to take larger contracts but kept the business in the Carlisle area.

John's son, John William Laing, (born in 1879) was working for the business before he was 20 years old, and so it became John Laing and Son. By 1910, John William Laing was running the business. More employees were recruited and larger projects were undertaken, including factory construction.

In 1920 the firm became a limited company, and two years later moved its headquarters from Carlisle to a thirteen acre (5 ha) site at Mill Hill in north-west London.

William Kirby Laing and John Maurice Laing, the fifth generation of the founding family, joined the company in 1950.

John Laing & Sons (Holdings) Ltd was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1952. The family and its trusts and charities held the majority of the shares. John William Laing became the chairman, and his sons became joint managing directors. By this time, the number of employees was around 10,000, and every site had a quality supervisor. John William Laing retired in 1957.

Under William Kirby Laing and James Maurice Laing, the company continued to expand. They gained contracts for power stations. They also worked on road construction while continuing to build houses. In 1985, Martin Laing, of the sixth generation of the founding family, became chairman.

Martin Laing determined that the company should begin to diversify. Home construction in the United Kingdom, Saudi Arabia, Oman, the United Arab Emirates, Iraq, Spain, and California was now one of the major sources of the company's growth.

As the company celebrated its 150th anniversary in 1998, it faced falling profits caused by cost overruns on the Millennium project and continuing problems within its construction division, related to competition and overcapacity.

In 1999 John Laing plc purchased a controlling interest in the Chiltern Rail franchise and by 2002 had structured itself into two main divisions, namely Homes and Investments. It underwent yet another change when Sir Martin Laing retired in early 2002. Bill Forrester took over as executive chairman. For the first time in its history Laing did not have a member of the founding family at the head of the company.

The business expanded rapidly in the late 1990s, such that for the year ended 31 December 2001 its turnover was in excess of £1 billion. Following significant losses on certain construction contracts it adopted a new policy of having the PPP / PFI businesses, in which it had been quite successful, as core activities. As a consequence it disposed of its construction division, which was sold to O'Rourke in 2001, its property developments divisions, which were sold to Kier Group, and its house building arm which was sold to George Wimpey in 2002.

In December 2006 John Laing plc was acquired by the Private Equity arm of Henderson Group.

The Laing Rail division - operators of Chiltern Railways and London Overground (with MTR Corporation), and holders of a stake in the open-access railway operator Wrexham & Shropshire - was put up for sale by in September 2007. The division was purchased by German rail operator Deutsche Bahn in January 2008, subject to approval by authorities.

In June 2008 John Laing formed a consortium with Hitachi and Barclays Private Equity called Agility Trains to bid for the contract to design, manufacture, and maintain a fleet of long-distance trains for the Intercity Express Programme. The bid was successful and the contract was awarded to the consortium on the 12 February 2009.

John Laing now has operations in the UK, North America, Europe and Asia.

John Laing’s former construction division, Laing Construction, undertook a number of landmark projects including:

The M1 motorway completed in 1959, Coventry Cathedral completed in 1962, Clifton Cathedral completed in 1973, the Sizewell B nuclear power station completed in 1995, the Second Severn Crossing completed in 1996, the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff completed in 1999 and Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital completed in 2001.

The subsidiary Laing Rail owned and operated Chiltern Railways and was joint operator of London Overground (with MTR Corporation) and Wrexham & Shropshire (with Renaissance Trains). In 2008 Laing Rail was sold to Deutsche Bahn.


Christian Eriksen

Christian Dannemann Eriksen (born 14 February 1992) is a Danish footballer who plays for the English team Manchester United and the Denmark national team as an midfielder. He made his debut for the Denmark national team in March 2010, and was the youngest player of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. 

In 2011, Eriksen was named Danish Football Player of the Year, Dutch Football Talent of the Year, Ajax Talent of the Year (Marco van Basten Award), and made the UEFA Euro U-21 Team of the Tournament. He won the Eredivisie with Ajax in 2010–11, 2011–12, and in 2012–13 before signing with Tottenham Hotspur in August 2013. He won the Tottenham Hotspur Player of the Year award for the 2013–14 season and in 2015, he won the Danish Football Player of the Year award for the second year in a row.

Eriksen started playing football in his hometown Middelfart before his third birthday. In 2005 he switched to Odense Boldklub, who competed in the Danish youth championships. His team lost the semi-final against Brøndby IF, but afterwards he was named "Best Technical Player" of the tournament. The following year OB won the tournament, when Eriksen scored the only goal in the final. After some good performances for OB's U-16 team and later on U-19 team and the Danish U-17 team, major European football clubs including Chelsea and Barcelona began to take notice. The player had trials with Barcelona, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Manchester United and Milan, but finally decided to move to Ajax, stating ""My first step should not be too big. I knew that playing in the Netherlands would be very good for my development. Then Ajax arrived and that was a fantastic option"".

On 17 October 2008 it was announced that Eriksen had signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with Amsterdam-based Ajax. The transfer fee received by OB was estimated at €1 million (£847,199). He worked his way through the youth teams, and was promoted to the first team squad in January 2010, where he was given the number 51 shirt. Within the month, he made his first team debut for the Dutch team in the Eredivisie on 17 January 2010 against NAC Breda. Ajax manager Martin Jol compared him to the likes of Ajax youth products Wesley Sneijder and Rafael van der Vaart and described him as a good reader of the game in the traditional "number 10" role like the two Dutch internationals and Danish legend Michael Laudrup, who also played for Ajax.
On 25 March 2010 he scored his first goal for Ajax in a 6–0 win against opponent Go Ahead Eagles in the Dutch Cup. On 10 April 2010, Eriksen extended his contract with Ajax until the summer of 2014, stating ""I can still learn a lot here, I'm not finished yet and I hope I can mean a lot for the club."" On 6 May 2010, Eriksen played in the second match of the final of the 2009–10 Dutch Cup as Ajax beat Feyenoord 1–4, with 1–6 on aggregate. At the end of his first professional season at Ajax, Eriksen had played 21 competitive matches, scoring one goal, and had made his international debut for Denmark. For his second season in the first team of Ajax, Eriksen was given the number 8 shirt.

Eriksen started the 2010–11 season well, scoring his first Ajax league goal on 29 August 2010 in an away victory over De Graafschap. On 11 November 2010, Eriksen scored his first goal at the Amsterdam ArenA a 3–0 Cup victory over BV Veendam. In December, Eriksen was named Danish "Talent of the Year". Several days after receiving this award, Eriksen once again proved his value to Ajax by scoring the only goal in a 0–1 away league victory over Vitesse. On 17 February 2011, Eriksen scored his first goal in a European tournament, the Ajax goal to 2–0, when Ajax beat Anderlecht 3–0 in the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League. On 13 March 2011, Eriksen scored a solo goal, running from the half way line to finish it off with a strike to secure a 3–1 win over Willem II.
During the rest of the season, Eriksen became more and more important for Ajax, due to his growing capabilities as the team's playmaker, providing many assists. After a good season during which he developed himself into an undisputed starter in the side that won the 2010–11 Eredivisie (Ajax's first Eredivisie title in seven years), he was named Ajax's Talent of the Year. On 23 May 2011 he was named Dutch Football Talent of the Year, the second Danish player to win the award since Jon Dahl Tomasson in 1996. He was elected by a jury under command of Holland's all-time best player Johan Cruyff. ""He's a player I really like with all my heart,"" Cruyff praised Eriksen. ""This prize is just the beginning, a stimulus to get the maximum out of his career. The talent is there, the recognition also; now it is up to the player himself. He is a typical product of the Danish school. You can compare him with Brian and Michael Laudrup. Only time will tell if Eriksen can reach the same level as them."".

On 18 October 2011, Eriksen scored his first goal in the UEFA Champions League when Ajax beat Dinamo Zagreb 2–0 in the group stage, making him the 2nd youngest player to score in the 2011–12 season. In the second match versus Dinamo Zagreb on 2 November he provided assists to Gregory van der Wiel and Siem de Jong as well as being involved with the third goal, as Ajax cruised to a 4–0 victory. He was named Danish Football Player of the Year on 7 November after helping Ajax win the Eredivisie the previous year and guiding the national team to a successful Euro 2012 qualification campaign, after receiving the award Eriksen said, ""I am extremely honoured to be standing here tonight. I did not expect it, it really means a lot to me. I would like to thank my team-mates in the national team as well as my team-mates at Ajax"". Following the success of Eriksen's third consecutive Eredivisie title in the 2012–13 season, he opted not to renew his contract with Ajax, and with one year still remaining on his current contract he was permitted to search for a new club. Having come to terms with Tottenham Hotspur in England, Eriksen left Ajax having appeared in 113 league matches, scoring 25 goals and 41 assists. He played in 16 matches for the KNVB Cup, scoring four goals and making four assists. He made 30 appearances on the continental stage for Ajax, scoring three goals, and making 9 assists all together. Having also competed in the Johan Cruijff Shield three years in a row.

On 30 August 2013, Tottenham Hotspur announced that they had completed the transfer of Eriksen from Ajax, in a deal believed to be worth £11 million (€13.5 million), after Eriksen passed a medical at the club. Eriksen joined the club on the same day as Erik Lamela, who joined from Roma, and Vlad Chiricheș, who joined from Steaua București, and took the club's total spending for the 2013 summer transfer window to £109.5 million.

On 14 September 2013, he made his Premier League debut against Norwich City, providing an assist for Gylfi Sigurðsson. "Spurs" manager André Villas-Boas commented: ""It was a great debut for Christian, he is a pure number 10, a creative player and his individual quality made all the difference.""

On 19 September 2013, Eriksen "clipped a wonderful dipping shot" over the goalkeeper to score his first Tottenham goal and complete a 3–0 win over Tromsø IL in the Europa League. He added to his Tottenham goal tally with a goal from a free kick in a 1–1 draw against West Bromwich Albion on Boxing Day 2013, and the second goal in "Spurs"' 2–1 win against Manchester United on 1 January 2014. On 23 March, after goals from Jay Rodriguez and Adam Lallana had given Southampton a 2–0 lead against Tottenham at White Hart Lane, Eriksen scored twice to level the score and assisted Gylfi Sigurðsson to score the winning goal.

On 12 April 2014, he scored a stoppage-time equalizer as "Spurs" came from 3–0 down to draw 3–3 at West Bromwich Albion. By the end of the season, Eriksen had scored 7 goals in the Premier League.

Throughout the 2014/15 campaign, Eriksen played an integral part in many Spurs victories. The Danish international had a habit of scoring late winners, most notably against Swansea City, Sunderland, Hull City and many others.

On 10 January 2015, Eriksen was voted Danish Football Player of the Year twice in a row, making him the first player to do so since William Kvist.

On 28 January 2015, Eriksen completed his greatest performance of the campaign in the Capital One Cup semi-final second leg against Sheffield United to send Tottenham into the League Cup Final. His first goal, a 30-yard curling free kick, was plauded by the likes of Michael Owen and Gary Neville among others on Twitter. Despite a late threat from the Blades, Eriksen then scored a second late-on to send Spurs to Wembley.

Eriksen completed the 2014/15 campaign having featured in every Premier League game for Mauricio Pochettino. The Dane became the third Spurs player to reach double figures in the league, alongside Nacer Chadli and Harry Kane, scoring 10 goals.

On 9 June 2015, Eriksen confirmed to Danish media whilst on international duty that he would stay at Tottenham for the foreseeable future. Eriksen was quoted as saying: "I feel right at home at Tottenham and I haven't thought about leaving yet."

Eriksen was called up to the Denmark national under-17 football team in July 2007, and impressed in his debut for the team on 31 July. In 2008, he scored 9 goals in 16 games for the U-17s, and was named Danish "U-17 Talent of the Year" by the Danish FA. He was also one of four nominees for the 2008 Danish "Talent of the Year" award, which was won by Mathias Jørgensen. He played 27 games for the under-17 team until February 2009. He played a total of 8 games for the Denmark U-18 and Denmark U-19 teams during 2009. Eriksen was also called up for the Danish U-21 squad to the European championship in Denmark in 2011, the Danish team only participated in the group stage and Eriksen scored a goal against Belarus.

He received his first senior Denmark call-up in February 2010, making his debut in Denmark's friendly match against Austria in March, to become Denmark's fourth youngest full international, being the youngest debutant since Michael Laudrup.

On 28 May 2010, Denmark coach Morten Olsen announced that Eriksen would be part of the final squad of 23 participating in the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. He was the youngest player participating in the tournament. At the World Cup, Eriksen played two matches, against the Netherlands and Japan, but Denmark were unable to progress beyond the group stage.

On 9 February 2011, in a 1–2 friendly loss at home against England, Eriksen was named Man of the Match, and was praised for his performance by a number of prominent footballing figures, including Chelsea star Frank Lampard, Man Utd star Rio Ferdinand (on Twitter), manager Morten Olsen and several media experts in Denmark and England. On 4 June 2011 Eriksen scored his first national team goal, to give Denmark a 2–0 lead over Iceland in their Euro 2012 qualifier. In doing so, he became the youngest Danish player ever to score a goal in European qualification, being 9 days younger than Michael Laudrup when he scored his first goal in 1983.

On 10 January 2015, Eriksen was voted Danish Football Player of the Year twice in a row, making him the first player to do so since William Kvist.

In 2012, Eriksen signed a sponsorship kit deal with American sportswear and equipment supplier, Nike. He appeared in an advert for the new Nike Green Speed II alongside Raheem Sterling, Stephan El Shaarawy, Mario Götze, Eden Hazard and Theo Walcott in November 2012.

Christian then transitioned from Nike's Mercurial range, to the more 'creative' orientated Magista.




Norman Foster, Baron Foster of Thames Bank

Norman Robert Foster, Baron Foster of Thames Bank, (born 1 June 1935) is an English architect. His company, Foster and Partners, has an international design practice. He is the United Kingdom's biggest builder of landmark office buildings.

He is one of Britain's most prolific architects of his generation. In 1999, he was awarded the Pritzker Architecture Prize, often referred to as the Nobel Prize of architecture. In 2009 Foster was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award in the Arts category.

Early life

Foster was born to Robert Foster and Lilian Smith in 1935 in Reddish, Stockport, Cheshire. They moved, soon after his birth, two miles to 4 Crescent Grove in Levenshulme, Manchester, which they rented for fourteen shillings (70p) a week: Foster has no recollection of Reddish. Foster's parents were diligent, hard workers – so diligent that Foster, as an only child, felt their heavy workload restricted his relationship with them and he was often looked after by neighbours or other family members. He attended Burnage Grammar School for Boys in Burnage. In a "Guardian" interview in 1999, Foster said he always felt 'different' at school and was bullied and he retired into the world of books. He considered himself quiet and awkward in his early years often making faux pas.

Foster described Manchester as "one of the workshops of the world" and "the embodiment of a great city", his father, Robert, worked at Metropolitan-Vickers, Trafford Park which fuelled Foster's interest in engineering and design. He was fascinated with engineering and the process of designing. He says that caused him to pursue a career designing buildings. Specific interests included aircraft, a hobby he maintains today; and trains, generated by viewing passing trains on the railway outside his terraced home during his childhood.

He left school at 16 and worked in the Manchester City Treasurer's office. Next, he joined the National Service in the Royal Air Force. After he was discharged, in 1956 Foster attended the University of Manchester's School of Architecture and City Planning. He graduated in 1961. Later, Foster won the Henry Fellowship to the Yale School of Architecture, where he earned his Master's degree Foster also met Richard Rogers at Yale. He then travelled in America for a year. He returned to the UK in 1963. Then he set up an architectural practice as Team 4 with Rogers and the sisters Georgie and Wendy Cheesman. Georgie (later Wolton) was the only one of the team that had passed her RIBA exams. This allowed them to set up in practice on their own. Team 4 quickly earned a reputation for high-tech industrial design.

Education

Foster took a job as assistant to a contract manager with John Bearshaw and Partners, a local architectural practice.  The staff advised him, that if he wished to become an architect, he should prepare a portfolio of drawings using the perspective and shop drawings from Bearshaw's practice as an example. Bearshaw was so impressed with the drawings that he promoted the young Foster to the drawing department of the practice.

In 1956 Foster won a place at the University of Manchester School of Architecture and City Planning. Foster was not eligible for a maintenance grant so took up a number of part-time jobs to fund his studies, becoming an ice-cream salesman, night-club bouncer and working night shifts at a bakery to make crumpets. He combined these with self-tuition via visits to the local library in Levenshulme. Foster took a keen interest in the works of Frank Lloyd Wright, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, Le Corbusier and Oscar Niemeyer and graduated from Manchester in 1961.

Foster won the Henry Fellowship to the Yale School of Architecture, where he met future business partner Richard Rogers and earned his master's degree. Vincent Scully encouraged Foster and Rogers to travel in America for a year. After returning to the UK in 1963 he set up an architectural practice as Team 4 with Rogers and the sisters Georgie and Wendy Cheesman. Georgie (later Wolton) was the only one of the team that had passed her RIBA exams allowing them to set up in practice on their own. Team 4 quickly earned a reputation for high-tech industrial design.

After Team 4 went their separate ways, Foster and Wendy Cheesman founded Foster Associates, which later became Foster and Partners in 1967. A long period of collaboration with American architect Richard Buckminster Fuller began in 1968 and continued until Fuller's death in 1983. They collaborated on several projects that became catalysts in the development of an environmentally sensitive approach to design – including the Samuel Beckett Theatre project.

Originally they concentrated on industrial buildings. The turning point was the 1969 administrative and leisure center for Fred. Olsen Lines in London Docklands, where workers and managers are not separated any more. Foster and Partners' breakthrough building in the UK was the Willis Faber & Dumas headquarters in Ipswich, of 1974. The client was a family run insurance company which wanted to restore a sense of community to the workplace. Foster created open plan office floors long before open-plan became the norm. In a town not over-endowed with public facilities, the roof gardens, 25 metre swimming pool and gymnasium enhanced the quality of life for the company's 1200 employees. The building has a full-height glass façade moulded to the medieval street plan and contributes drama, subtly shifting from opaque, reflective black to a glowing backlit transparency as the sun sets. The design was inspired by the Daily Express Building in Manchester a work Foster admired in his youth. The building is now Grade I* listed.

The Sainsbury Centre for Visual Arts, an art gallery and museum on the campus of the University of East Anglia, Norwich, was one of the first major public buildings to be designed by Foster, completed in 1978, and became grade II* listed in December 2012. In 1990 Foster's design for the Terminal Building at London Stansted Airport was awarded the European Union Prize for Contemporary Architecture / Mies van der Rohe Award.

Foster gained a reputation for designing office buildings. In the 1980s he designed the HSBC Main Building in Hong Kong for HSBC. The building is marked by its high level of light transparency, as all 3500 workers have a view to Victoria Peak or Victoria Harbour. Foster said that if the firm had not won the contract it would probably have been bankrupted. Foster believes that attracting young talent is essential, and is proud that the average age of people working for Foster and Partners is 32, just like it was in 1967.

Today, Foster + Partners works with its engineers to use computer systems. They pay attention to basic physical laws such as convection. They have created efficient buildings like the Swiss Re London headquarters in London. The walls let in air for passive cooling and then let it out as it warms and rises.

Foster's earlier designs reflected a sophisticated, machine-influenced high-tech vision. His style has evolved into a more sharp-edged modernity. In 2004, Foster designed the tallest bridge in the world, the Millau Viaduct in Southern France, with the Millau Mayor Jacques Godfrain stating; "The architect, Norman Foster, gave us a model of art."

In January 2007, "The Sunday Times" reported that Foster had called in Catalyst, a corporate finance house, to find buyers for Foster + Partners. Foster does not want to retire, but wants to sell his 80-90% holding in the company valued at £300M to £500M.

Foster is a member of the board of Trustees for the architectural charity Article 25. They design, construct and manage safe, sustainable buildings in dangerous parts of the world. He has also been on the Board of Trustees of The Architecture Foundation.
The reason for his wealth is he receives 15% of the building cost.

In 2007, he worked with Philippe Starck and Sir Richard Branson of the Virgin Group for the Virgin Galactic plans.

Foster designed the Apple Campus in Cupertino and is currently designing most of their Apple stores. He is also designing Bloomberg's headquarters in London. He also recently designed the Monaco Yacht club and the McLaren technology centre.

Foster currently sits on the board of trustees at architectural charity Article 25 who design, construct and manage innovative, safe, sustainable buildings in some of the most inhospitable and unstable regions of the world. He has also been on the Board of Trustees of the Architecture Foundation.

He has recently set up the Norman Foster Foundation which promotes interdisciplinary thinking and research to help new generations of architects, designers and urbanists to anticipate the future.

Foster recently set up his personal Instagram account under the username @officialnormanfoster where he publishes photos of his everyday life

Foster was knighted in 1990 and appointed to the Order of Merit in 1997. In 1999, he was created a life peer, as Baron Foster of Thames Bank, of Reddish in the County of Greater Manchester. He was a Crossbencher; he resigned from the House of Lords in 2010 because he refused to pay UK taxes on his foreign earnings.

Norman Foster is the second British architect to win the Stirling Prize twice: the first for the American Air Museum at the Imperial War Museum Duxford in 1998, and the second for 30 St Mary Axe in 2004.

Foster was awarded the Pritzker Architecture Prize in 1999.

He is also a Fellow of the Chartered Society of Designers and winner of the Minerva Medal, the Society's highest award. In Germany Lord Foster received the Order Pour le Mérite.

Most recently, in September 2007, Foster was awarded the Aga Khan Award for Architecture, the largest architectural award in the world, for the University of Technology Petronas, in Malaysia.

It was announced in January 2008 that Foster was to be awarded an honorary degree from the Dundee School of Architecture at the University of Dundee. In 2009 Foster was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award in the category "Arts".

In 2012, Foster was among the British cultural icons selected by artist Sir Peter Blake to appear in a new version of his most famous artwork – the Beatles' "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" album cover – to celebrate the British cultural figures of his life that he most admires.

In 2017, he was awarded the Freedom of the City of London for his contribution to contemporary architecture.

Foster married business partner Wendy Cheesman. She died in 1989, leaving him with four sons. whilst he was greiving, he was also diagnosed with bowel cancer. He next married Indian-born Begum Sabiha Rumani Malik. Sabiha was married to Andrew Knight when she and Foster met. Knight was Chairman of News International. Foster and Sabiha divorced in 1998. Foster is now married to Elena Ochoa, Chairman of the Tate International Council, and founder of Ivory Press. He has five children and three grandchildren.

Foster flies his own private jet and helicopter between his homes in London, France, Switzerland, Marthas Vineyard, New York and Madrid.

Foster has established an extremely prolific career in the span of four decades. The following are some of his major constructions:





The Bow, Calgary, Canada, 500 Centre Street SE
London, UK (1993–2001)







Foster's other design work has included the Nomos desk system for Italian manufacturer Tecno, and the motor yacht "Izanami" (later "Ronin") for Lürssen Yachts.



Cessna 152

The Cessna 152 is a single-engine airplane. It can carry up to two people including the pilot. Many pilots throughout the world have gotten their training with C152s.

Thomas Heatherwick

Thomas Heatherwick (born 17th February 1970) is an English designer and artist. He is known for innovative use of engineering and materials in public monuments and sculptures. He heads the Heatherwick Studio, which he founded in 1994.

Born in London, he studied three dimensional design at Manchester Polytechnic and at the Royal College of Art, winning several prizes. Shortly after graduating from the Royal College of Art after a two-year furniture MA course in 1994, he was commissioned by Harvey Nichols department store in Knightsbridge to design a temporary structure for the shop's facade. His design was a ribbon of laminated wood that wound through the storefront windows. The design was widely acclaimed and won him a D&AD yellow pencil (the gold award) in 1997.

He founded Thomas Heatherwick Studio (now called just Heatherwick Studio) in 1994. His aim was "to bring architecture, design and sculpture together within a single practice". Originally based at Camden Mews, the studio moved to larger premises in Kings Cross in 2000. It presently comprises a thirty-strong team which includes architects, landscape architects, designers and engineers. Work is carried out from a combined studio and workshop where concept development, detailing, prototyping and small scale fabrication take place. The studio's work spans commercial and residential building projects, masterplanning and infrastructure schemes as well as high profile works of public art. 
Heatherwick is a Senior Fellow and external examiner at the Royal College of Art. He is a fellow of the Royal Academy and was recently chosen to become a Royal Designer for Industry. He has served on numerous judging and advisory panels and has given talks at various institutions including the RIBA, Bartlett School of Architecture, the South Africa Design Indaba conference and the Royal Academy. 

In 2004 he curated an exhibition at the Design Museum consisting of 1,000 'every day' design objects that he had collected.

The "B of the Bang" was a £1.42 million 56m-high sculpture of 180 giant spikes, erected outside the City of Manchester Stadium to celebrate the 2002 Commonwealth Games. Safety problems happened soon after it was completed in 2004 when one spike came apart. Eventually 22 more were removed as a safety measure. The object was rewelded and fenced off. It continued to cause concern and debate over its future. Finally Manchester City Council took legal action against Heatherwick studio and their subcontractors, who in November 2008 agreed to pay £1.7 million in damages. The installation was removed in 2009.

The 'East Beach Café' is a building on Littlehampton Sea Front, West Sussex, UK created by Heatherwick. Commissioned in 2005, the large steel structure houses a Café by daytime and restaurant in the evening. The concept allowed the steel to rust and the colours to develop over time before being fixed in a transparent oil. It won the 2008 RIBA Award in the South East region.


Thomas Heatherwick was awarded an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Arts by Manchester Metropolitan University - his alma mater - on July 21, 2007. It is in recognition of his design work across a broad spectrum of architecture, engineering and public art, achieving national and international acclaim for his innovative use of materials, his eclectic range of projects, and the resolution of them in new and exciting ways.


Louver

A louver (American English) or louvre (British English), from the French "l'ouvert"; "the open one") is a window, blind or shutter with horizontal or, less often, vertical slats. They are angled to allow light and air in. They also keep out rain, direct sunshine, and noise. The angle of the slats may be adjusted.

Louvers come from the Middle Ages as lantern-like constructions in wood that were fitted on top of roof holes. They were put in large kitchens to allow ventilation while keeping out rain and snow. They were originally rather rough constructions consisting only of a barrel. Later they became more elaborate designs made of pottery. They took the shape of faces where the smoke and steam from cooking would pour out through the eyes and mouth. They also became more like modern louvers, with slats that could be opened or closed by pulling on a string.

More modern louver windows are made of slats of glass, opened and closed with a metal lever. They may also be shutters of wood, plastic or other material.

Some modern louver systems serve to improve indoor daylighting. Fixed mirrored louver systems can limit glare and of redirect diffuse light. Such louvers may be put in between two panes of double glazing.

Louvers are rarely seen as primary design elements in the language of modern architecture. They are rather simply a technical device. However, there are examples of architects who use them as part of the overall aesthetic effect of their buildings. The most well-known example is Finnish modernist architect Alvar Aalto who would create aesthetic effects in the facades of his buildings through the combination of different types and sizes of louvers. Some are fixed and some are moveable. They are made mostly from wood (e.g. the various buildings of the Helsinki University of Technology). A second example, taking influence from Aalto, is the second-generation modernist architect Juha Leiviskä.

Additionally, louvers are used as semi-passive means of thermal control on spacecraft. They are also available as an accessory for some automobiles.


Lost (season 6)

The sixth and final season of the American television series "Lost" began broadcast in the United States and Canada on February 2, 2010. In the final 18 TV episodes, the writers showed the fate of the remaining survivors, and explained the powers which the Island held in their lives. The sixth-season premiere was the first to climb in the ratings year-over-year since the second season, drawing 12.1 million viewers. The series finale aired on May 23, 2010. The final episode ran 2.5 hours starting at 9/8 CDT, pushing the late-night news back a half-hour. It was followed by the previously announced post-finale special, "Jimmy Kimmel Live: Aloha to Lost", at 12:05 a.m. (11:05 CDT). The season continued the stories of the survivors of the fictional September 22, 2004 crash of Oceanic Airlines Flight 815, on an unknown island in the South Pacific. The survivors must deal with two outcomes of the explosion of a nuclear bomb on the island in the 1970s. While the on-island story continues, a set of "flash sideways" scenes show a second timeline, in which Flight 815 never crashes. The season was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 24, 2010, alongside a complete series boxset.
For a summary of the final season's storyline, see below: ""Season 6 plot summary"".

On May 7, 2007, ABC Entertainment President Stephen McPherson announced that "Lost" would end during the 2009–2010 season with a "highly anticipated and shocking finale". "We felt that this was the only way to give "Lost" a proper creative conclusion," McPherson said. Beginning with the 2007–2008 television season, the final 48 episodes would have been aired as three seasons with 16 episodes each, with "Lost" concluding in its sixth season. Due to the 2007-2008 writers' strike, the fourth season featured 14 episodes, and season 5 had 17 episodes. Season six was planned to have 17 episodes, too. However, on June 29 it was announced that the final season would feature an additional hour, making the number of episodes 18.

Executive producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse stated that they "always envisioned "Lost" as a show with a beginning, middle, and end," and that by announcing when the show would end that viewers would "have the security of knowing that the story will play out as we've intended." Lindelof and Cuse stated that securing the 2010 series-end date "was immensely liberating" and helped the series rediscover its focus. Lindelof noted, "We're no longer stalling." The producers also planned to wrap up long-standing mysteries, such as the nature of the smoke monster, the reason the Dharma periodic resupply drops continue after the purge, and the "bird" from "Exodus Pt. 2" and "Live Together, Die Alone Pt. 1". While the destruction of the four-toed statue of Taweret was revealed in the ninth episode of the final season, Lindelof hinted that the identity of the statue's builders would not be addressed. The producer also indicated that Walt's unusual abilities may be explained, although not necessarily with the character's direct involvement. In a podcast, Cuse and Lindelof stated that they would explain the "Rules" first stated in an episode in season four, but only those that are "important for the narrative they are telling." Matthew Fox said in an interview that in the final season, the characters of Jack Shephard and John Locke "will come head to head." It was also claimed that a third of the way through the final season, the two timelines would be "solidified into one" and "will be very linear – no more flashbacks, nothing;" however this was still not the case by the season midpoint. He also claimed to be the only cast member to know the ending of the series, though Lindelof has clarified that Fox only knew things that were relevant to his character.

During Comic-Con 2009, numerous sixth-season reports were made. Carlton Cuse stated both the time travel and flash-forward seasons were over, and they were moving into something different for the sixth season. Josh Holloway stated his character Sawyer would revert to his old self after the loss of Juliet. Though Cuse and Lindelof stated that the Dharma Initiative would no longer play a large role in the show, they have said that the "Dharma-Michigan connection" would play a significant role in season six. Lindelof stated that the producers had a direct hand in the production of the season six promotional poster that was first displayed at Comic-Con, and that everything in it was intentional; he also made a reference to the Abbey Road cover in connection to the poster. Season six was the first and only season of Lost ever to not feature any kind of preview or official promotional material such as sneak peeks and promo pictures for future episodes since the Lost producers considered any single frame from the first episodes to be too revealing. According to Lindelof, "even a single scene from the show would basically tip what it is we're doing this year, and what it is we're doing this year is different than what we've done in other years." Lindelof has also emphasized that the flashes-sideways are important, stating "People are saying [they] don't need these stories and all we can say is they're absolutely 100 percent necessary to tell the story of Lost, and hopefully by the end of the season it will be more obvious as to why." He also noted that the term "flash-sideways" was deliberately used instead of "alternate reality" because viewers might otherwise "infer that one of them isn't real, or one of them is real and the other is the alternate to being real." When asked to describe the last three episodes, Lindelof said "Water." 

ABC charged advertisers $900,000 USD for a 30-second commercial during the series finale, in contrast to the standard 2010 season price of $214,000.

The cast features fifteen major roles with star billing: eleven return from the fifth season, one returns from the fourth season after a year's absence, and three are new regular cast members. Unlike the latter half of the previous season, in which the cast was divided into two groups following two separate storylines, Season Six features an alternate universe scenario which the producers call "flash-sideways," and almost all the main characters participate in both storylines. Returning from the fifth season are the survivors' leader Dr. Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox); former fugitive Kate Austen (Evangeline Lilly); millionaire Hugo "Hurley" Reyes (Jorge Garcia); former torturer Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews); con artist James "Sawyer" Ford (Josh Holloway); medium Miles Straume (Ken Leung); former mob-enforcer Jin-Soo Kwon (Daniel Dae Kim) and his privileged wife Sun Kwon (Yunjin Kim); leader of the island's native population (known as the "Others") Ben Linus (Michael Emerson); and deceased crash survivor John Locke, who lives on in the sideways timeline but has been possessed in the original timeline by the mysterious Man In Black. Emilie de Ravin returns in her role as Claire Littleton, a new mother who was absent for one season after disappearing on the Island, and Henry Ian Cusick also returns as Desmond Hume, who starts the season off the Island. The new main cast roles go to pilot Frank Lapidus (Jeff Fahey), Richard Alpert (Nestor Carbonell), an ageless advisor to the Others, and mysterious Flight 316 leader Ilana Verdansky (Zuleikha Robinson). Carbonell was named a main cast member by the executive producers at Comic-Con 2009, after guest starring in the previous three seasons, and Fahey and Robinson were confirmed after appearing in recurring roles in the fourth and fifth seasons.

Several former cast members are scheduled to return to the show, or have been asked back. Elizabeth Mitchell returns as fertility specialist Dr. Juliet Burke. Mitchell has stated that her return is "instrumental to the story". Dominic Monaghan returned as rock star Charlie Pace in four episodes. Jeremy Davies returned as physicist Daniel Faraday in multiple episodes. Ian Somerhalder also returned as Flight 815 crash survivor Boone Carlyle in several episodes. Rebecca Mader, who portrays anthropologist Charlotte Lewis, also returned. The producers have also confirmed that Harold Perrineau and Cynthia Watros, who portray Michael Dawson and Libby Smith, respectively, returned in the second half of the season. About the return of Libby, Cuse stated, "Finally, all of your questions [about Libby] will be answered", however, Lindelof jokingly responded, "No, they will not". Michelle Rodriguez, another second season star, returned as police officer Ana Lucia Cortez, following a brief cameo in the fifth season. Maggie Grace, who portrays Shannon Rutherford, Boone's stepsister, was asked to return at the beginning of the season, but Grace was unable due to her schedule; she appeared later in the season, instead. Furthermore, the producers wished to bring back the character of Walt Lloyd, however Malcolm David Kelley, who portrays Walt, has aged significantly and the producers are working to overcome this obstacle.

Recurring characters who returned include: Jack and Claire's father, Dr. Christian Shephard (John Terry), wealthy industrialist and former Other Charles Widmore (Alan Dale), Desmond's wife Penny Widmore (Sonya Walger), former Other Eloise Hawking (Fionnula Flanagan), Locke's ex-girlfriend, Helen Norwood (Katey Sagal), Hurley's former boss, Randy Nations (Billy Ray Gallion), mysterious Flight 316 passenger Bram (Brad William Henke), Sayid's wife, Nadia (Andrea Gabriel), deceased Frenchwoman Danielle Rousseau (Mira Furlan), science teacher Leslie Arzt (Daniel Roebuck), the Others' doctor Ethan Rom (William Mapother), Ben Linus' father Roger (Jon Gries), mercenaries Martin Keamy (Kevin Durand) and Omar (Anthony Azizi), and Vincent, a dog who survived the crash of Flight 815 and lives on the island. Mark Pellegrino returns in his role as Jacob, the mysterious figure in charge of the island, while Titus Welliver also reprises his role as the mysterious unnamed character, known only as "The Man in Black", who appeared to be antagonistic to him in the season 5 finale. L. Scott Caldwell and Sam Anderson returned in their roles as Rose and Bernard respectively, as does Kimberley Joseph who plays 815 stewardess-turned-Other Cindy. Also, Academy Award-winner Fisher Stevens returns as communications officer George Minkowski from the first few episodes of the fourth season in the eleventh episode. Kevin Tighe returns as Anthony Cooper, Locke's father.

Several new recurring characters were introduced in the sixth season. "Deadwood" actor John Hawkes was cast to portray a character named Lennon and Japanese actor Hiroyuki Sanada obtained the role of ; both men are Others stationed at the temple. Also, William Atherton was cast in a guest role as the principal of the school where Ben works. Sheila Kelley has been cast in a recurring role that was initially described as "Kendall" and later confirmed to be "Zoe".

The season premiered on February 2, 2010, with a double-length episode (two hours including commercials) preceded by a one-hour clip show, entitled "Lost: Final Chapter". The show continued from February 9 at its new timeslot of Tuesdays at 9 pm, with a total of 18 episodes airing in 16 broadcasts, ending with a two and a half hour, two-part series finale, the latter part of which aired Sunday, May 23, 2010. Additionally, the first hour of the premiere episode was screened to an estimated 15,000 fans on Waikiki Beach on January 30. In the following table, "Series #" refers to the episode's number in the overall series, whereas "Season #" refers to the episode's number in this particular season. "U.S. viewers in millions" refers to the number of Americans in millions who watched the episodes live or recorded them and watched them within seven days of broadcast.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

The sixth season followed two timelines, each an outcome of the explosion of a hydrogen bomb in the previous season finale. In the first timeline (referred to as "flash sideways"), Oceanic Flight 815 never crashes but lands with all leaving the airplane at Los Angeles LAX airport. In the second timeline, the remaining survivors return to the present day (on the Island) and must deal with the demise of "Jacob", whose death has been caused by the mysterious Man in Black, the Smoke Monster. According to show producer Damon Lindelof, the term "flash-sideways" was deliberately used instead of "alternate reality" because it might then imply "that one of them isn't real, or one of them is real and the other is the alternate to being real."

On the island, it is revealed that, long long ago, infant "Jacob" and his brother were stolen, from their birth mother, by a woman who raised them to become protectors of the island, after her. At the hidden center of the island, is a waterfall cave containing a bright power source. "Jacob" (with blond hair) and his brother (with black hair, symbolizing white and black) grow up with opposing viewpoints. "Jacob" stays loyal to his adoptive mother, but his brother joins with outsiders on the island. When the brother reveals that they have dug into the core of the island, tapping an underground power to escape, the mother hits the brother with a rock, and she destroys the people in their village. She then chooses "Jacob" to drink the water of immortality. His brother awakens to see the burned village, and seeking revenge, he finds and kills his adoptive mother. "Jacob" discovers her dead body, and in turn, throws his brother into the waterfall cave, transforming him into the black Smoke Monster.

Now centuries later, among the survivors, the Smoke Monster assumes the form of "John Locke", returned to the island in a coffin. This "Locke" had convinced "Ben" to enter the seaside cave and stab "Jacob", who fell into the fire and died. With many survivors believing that "Locke" has been resurrected, they follow him in various plans to leave the island. In one plan, they overthrow the guards at "Widmore's" submarine, and leave the island, unaware that a time bomb is inside the submarine. "Jack" (the doctor) discovers the time bomb, advising them not to disarm it while reasoning that the Smoke Monster cannot kill anyone directly. Instead, "Sawyer" (Ford) refuses to listen and pulls the bomb wires, which, instead, causes the bomb to count down faster. "Sayid" grabs the bomb and runs through the submarine, sacrificing himself to shield the others from the bomb blast. However, the bomb splits the submarine walls, and while sinking, "Sun-Hwa" is trapped in the wreckage, but "Jin" stays with her, vowing to never leave her side again, as they both die underwater.

"Jack" swims, with a breathing tube, to the surface and back to shore. He tells the rest that "Sun" and "Jin" did not escape. In anger, "Kate" vows to kill "John Locke", for what he has done to their friends. "Sayyid" (the Iraqi guard), "Richard", and "Miles" (son of the DHARMA leader) go to the other island to destroy the airplane. However, crossing at sea, they find the pilot adrift, who convinces them to repair the airplane to escape later.

The spirit of "Jacob" asks who among them would become Protector of the island, and "Jack" volunteers. At the waterfall cave, "Jack" drinks the water of immortality and returns to the group. "Jack" says they must meet with "Locke" and "Desmond" to settle the dispute and kill "Locke". The 2 groups meet on the hilltop, and just the 3 proceed toward the waterfall cave. There, "Desmond" descends on a rope into the cave, but pulls a rock from the bottom, which puts out the light of the power source. The island begins a series of earthquake tremors, to fall into the sea, with rocks tumbling into the water. "Locke" flees the area, now needing to get the sailboat to the other island: he has lost his immortality when the light source was put out. "Jack" chases him to the sea cliffs to stop him from leaving, and a long fight begins. "Locke" grabs a knife and stabs "Jack" in the side, then forces the knife up to "Jack's" neck. Before plunging the knife, a gunshot is heard: "Kate" as promised, has shot "Locke" (the Smoke Monster) in the back, and "Jack" pushes him off the sea cliff, to die on the rocks below.

"Jack" tells them he must return to the island core, as he promised Jacob, to restore the light at the waterfall cave. He instructs "Kate" to leave with "Sawyer" to get "Claire" into the airplane on the other island. "Kate" in turmoil kisses "Jack" goodbye, fearing it will be the last time. "Kate" and "Sawyer" jump into the sea and swim to the sailboat at anchor.

"Hurley" and "Ben" help "Jack" return to the waterfall cave. They lower "Jack" into the cave, where he revives and ties "Desmond" to the rope. "Jack" then puts the missing stone back into the floor, and restarts the light power source. When "Hurley" and "Ben" pull the rope, they find only "Desmond". They call below, but "Jack", overcome by the knife wound and rushing water, never answered, so they take "Desmond" away from the area. Some time later, Jack awakens, alone, outside the cave, as if lifted from the depth of the cave by an unseen force. Dazed, he wanders through the jungle, but he is losing strength. Just as with "Locke's" death, "Jack" also lost his immortality, and protection, at the first time the light source was put out. "Jack" falls to the ground, looking up to the blue sky. At that point, he sees "Kate's" plane flying far overhead, and then closes his eyes, for the last time.

Meanwhile, in the "flash-sideways" view of events, everyone has returned on Oceanic Flight 815, and all have resumed their original lives:
Soon after returning on Flight 815, "Desmond" has been tasked to ensure that bandmember "Charlie" stays sober to appear at a benefit concert for Charles Widmore. "Charlie" keeps talking about some imaginary, profound romance with a blonde girl, as if in some dream. Trying to rebel against "Desmond", he grabs the steering wheel, and the car goes into the harbor. Underwater, looking back inside the car to save "Charlie", he remembers seeing "" written on "Charlie's" hand, but not actually, then pulls him to the surface. They get rescued to the hospital, and Desmond asks, "Who is Penny?". Some memories come back, and Desmond begins to orchestrate a plan: at the school, he hits "John Locke" with his car, causing him to need surgery, led by "Jack Shephard" at the hospital. "Desmond" turns himself in to the police station for "Sawyer", who puts him in a jail cell near "Kate" and "Sayid".

Meanwhile, "Hurley" has been hired to free "Kate", "Sayid" and "Desmond" by paying Officer "Ana Lucia" to detour the prison van to the harbor. They get in 2 cars, and make plans to attend the benefit concert. "Desmond" and "Kate" drive to the church, where "Desmond" meets the funeral van, to accept the casket of "Christian Shephard" ("Jack's" father) into the chapel. This same day, "John Locke" has a 2nd spinal surgery, by "Jack", and regains feeling in his legs. Coming to the hospital to visit "Sun-Hwa", the police officer "Sawyer (Ford)" meets "Juliet" at the snack machines, where they both suddenly remember their parallel life, 3 years together on the island.

Now nighttime, "Hurley" drives "Sayid" to a backstreet, saying that he knows he is really a good guy: a fight breaks out in the alley, and a girl shouts, "Don't hurt my brother!" "Sayid", instinctively, jumps out to rescue her. When he sees her face, he remembers her: ""Shannon?"" Her stepbrother, "Boone" goes to the van and tells "Hurley", he is glad "Sayid" finally arrived because he was getting tired of staging the alley fight for them. "Desmond" attends the concert, where "Daniel Faraday's" mother talks to "Desmond" about the secret plan. While performing on stage, "Charlie" recognizes "Claire" in the audience, as the girl of his dreams, when she leaves to give birth to her son, assisted by "Kate" to get to the hospital.

Finally, "Kate" has convinced "Jack" (only partially aware of his parallel memories) to drive to the church, intended for his father's funeral. There, he enters the chapel, and upon touching his father's casket, he too begins to remember "everything" from the Island, all of them, including his years spent with "Kate". However, upon opening the casket, he finds it empty: his father has assumed a spirit form, and reminds him that he, too, died on the island, in his other life, which was as real as the present day. They both enter the church, where all the former islanders have gathered: "Sun" with "Jin"; "Sawyer" with "Juliet"; "Sayid" with "Shannon"; "Rose" with "Bernard"; "Hurley" with "Libby" (etc.). Even "Desmond" and "Penny" are together there, remembering their parallel life and birth of their child. Everyone who recently landed with Oceanic Flight 815, now greet and hug each other as if old friends, remembering how, once, they all were "lost" but now they have found each other.

Weather map

A weather map is a tool. It shows facts about the weather quickly. Weather maps have been used from the mid-19th century, for study and for weather forecasting. Some maps show differences of temperature, and weather fronts. 
A station model is a symbolic picture showing the weather at a reporting station. Meteorologists made the station model to put down many weather elements in a small space on weather maps. Maps thickly filled with station-model plots can be hard to read. However, they help meteorologists, pilots, and mariners to see important weather patterns. A computer draws a station model for every place of observation. The station model is mostly used for surface-weather maps. It can also be used to show the weather in the sky, though. A complete station-model map lets people study patterns in air pressure, temperature, wind, cloud cover, and precipitation.

People first began using weather charts in a modern way in the mid-19th century. They began using them to make a theory about storm systems. When a telegraph network developed by 1845, it was possible for people to collect information about the weather. They could get the information from many different places far away quickly enough for the information to be useful. In the 1840s, Joseph Henry took charge. He helped the Smithsonian Institution focus most of its observers on the center and the eastern part of the United States during the 1840s and 1860s. The U.S. Army Signal Corps kept up this network between 1870 and 1874 by an act of Congress. It later expanded to the Western United States.

At first, all the data on the map was not taken from these analyses. This was because there was not enough time standardization. People first tried to standardize time in Great Britain in 1855. The entire United States was not influenced by time zones (areas with different times) until 1906. This was when Detroit had made the standard time at last. Over all the earth, other countries began taking weather observations at the same time. This started in 1873.

Junpei Shinmura

Junpei Shinmura (born 13 October 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for General Caballero.

1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0

Sandro Hiroshi

Sandro Hiroshi (born 19 November 1979) is a Brazilian football player.

Takumi Oguri

Takumi Oguri (born 5 June 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Honda.

40||2||1||0||41||2
40||2||1||0||41||2

Kimitoshi Nōgawa

Kimitoshi Nōgawa (born 6 February 1984) is a Japanese football player.

Yoshiaki Shimojo

Yoshiaki Shimojo (born 10 May 1954) is a former Japanese football player.

Matteo Ferrari

Matteo Ferrari (; born 5 December 1979) is an Italian former footballer who played as a defender. He played top-flight football for several Italian clubs in Serie A, Everton of the Premier League, and for the Montreal Impact in Major League Soccer.

253||5||29||1||colspan="2"|-||36||0||318||6
8||0||||||||||1||0||9||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
261||5||29||1||0||0||37||0||327||6

!Total||11||0

Hiroaki Kumon

Hiroaki Kumon (born 20 October 1966) is a former Japanese football player.

244||2||20||1||32||0||296||3
244||2||20||1||32||0||296||3

Tsuneyuki Ueda

Tsuneyuki Ueda (born 3 July 1985) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Honda Lock.

42||3||7||0||49||3
23||1||3||1||26||2
65||4||10||1||75||5

Shunsuke Iwanuma

Shunsuke Iwanuma (born 2 June 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Consadole Sapporo.

5||1||0||0||0||0||5||1
5||1||0||0||0||0||5||1


Yasuaki Okamoto

Yasuaki Okamoto (born 9 April 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Consadole Sapporo.

45||6||1||0||5||0||51||6
45||6||1||0||5||0||51||6


Tomotaka Kitamura

Tomotaka Kitamura (born 27 May 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Montedio Yamagata.

254||30||15||1||1||1||270||32
254||30||15||1||1||1||270||32


Hatem Trabelsi

Hatem Trabelsi (born 25 January 1977) is a former Tunisian football player. He has played for Tunisia national team.

99||2
20||1
119||3

!Total||56||1

Takuya Matsuura

Takuya Matsuura (born 21 December 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Júbilo Iwata.

21||1||3||0||4||0||28||1
21||1||3||0||4||0||28||1


Ryu Okada

Ryu Okada (born 10 April 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Júbilo Iwata.

19||1||4||0||6||0||29||1
19||1||4||0||6||0||29||1


Ryohei Yamazaki

Ryohei Yamazaki (born 14 March 1989) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Júbilo Iwata.

6||0||0||0||2||0||8||0
6||0||0||0||2||0||8||0


Yohei Kurakawa

Yohei Kurakawa (born 10 August 1977) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kashiwa Reysol.

145||14||16||4||10||1||171||19
145||14||16||4||10||1||171||19


Koki Yonekura

Yonekura was born in Chiba on May 17, 1988. After graduating from Yachiyo High School, he joined J1 League club JEF United Chiba in 2007. JEF was relegated to J2 League first time in the club history end of the 2009 season. From 2011, he played many matches as defensive midfielder. In 2013, he was converted to right side back. In 2014, he moved to J1 club Gamba Osaka. In 2014, Gamba won all three major title in Japan; J1 League, J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup. Gamba also won the champions in the 2015 Emperor's Cup. In July 2019, he moved to his first club JEF United Chiba.

In July 2015, Yonekura was selected the Japan national team for 2015 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted against China on August 9. He played 2 games for Japan in 2015.

295||28||22||4||38||3||16||2||371||37
295||28||22||4||38||3||16||2||371||37

!Total||2||0

Kazushige Kirihata

Kazushige Kirihata (born 30 June 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kashiwa Reysol.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0


Takahiro Takagi

116||0||2||0||6||0||124||0
116||0||2||0||6||0||124||0


Kazuya Kawabata

74||3||2||0||76||3
74||3||2||0||76||3

Ryota Takasugi

83||5||2||0||85||5
83||5||2||0||85||5

Shinsaku Mochidome

16||0||0||0||16||0
16||0||0||0||16||0

Kenichi Ego

197||24||12||1||209||25
197||24||12||1||209||25

Chaetognatha

Chaetognatha, commonly known as arrow worms, are a phylum of small predatory marine animals. They are present in huge numbers in plankton worldwide.

About 20% of the known species are benthic and can attach to algae or rocks. They are found in all marine waters from surface tropical waters and shallow tide pools to the deep sea and polar regions. Most chaetognaths are transparent and are torpedo shaped, but some deep-sea species are orange. They range in size from .

Despite the huge numbers, there are only about 120 modern species in 20 genera. Some species are known to use the neurotoxin "tetrodotoxin" to subdue their prey.

Chaetognaths appear to have originated in the Cambrian Period. Complete body fossils have been described from China, Greenland and the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale of British Columbia.

These animals are usually considered a type of protostome, closely related to rotifers.

Pepper spray

Pepper spray (also called OC spray, from Oleoresin capsicum) is a spray used for self-defence, by spraying it into an attacker's face. It makes eyes water and causes intense pain, sometimes even leading to temporary blindness. Pepper spray is an inflammatory agent. When someone is sprayed with pepper spray, their eyes will close and they will have difficulty breathing, a runny nose, and cough. The stronger the spray is, the longer the effects last, but the average full effect lasts around thirty to forty-five minutes, with longer effects lasting for hours. Pepper spray is mostly used by police forces for riot control, but in some countries people can use it for self-defence. 

The active ingredient in pepper spray is capsaicin, a chemical found in capsicums, chillis and other members of the pepper family. 

Pepper spray usually comes in canisters and can be sprayed up to twenty-five metres.


Lord of the Rings: Conquest

Lord of the Rings: Conquest is a video game based off the award-winning science-fiction movie "The Lord of the Rings". It is a real-time strategy game. The game was produced by Pandemic Studios and published by EA Games. This game released on PC, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and a version was also released on Nintendo DS.


The player can choose between single player and multiplayer. The tutorial of the game is where the player will get trained in the moves of every unit class. It is set in the Battle of the Last Alliance, where elves and men have to fight against Sauron and his forces.

The game's "campaign" mode has 16 levels, 8 good and 8 evil, but the player must finish the good campaign before being able to unlock the evil one. The campaign's plot follows the movies closely. The campaign can be played in either single player or in multiplayer. It can also be set to 4 different difficulty modes: easy, normal, difficult or heroic.

"Instant action" is another playable mode. It allows the player about 16 different scenarios, plus 2 more downloadable ones. There are several different game types that can be played:

Instant action can also be played online with anybody else, whenever anybody is online. The campaign mode, however has to be played with a friend, someone that the player knows and has consciously added. This way, if the friend with the game is not online, then the campaign cannot be played.


Roy Lichtenstein

Roy Lichtenstein (October 27, 1923 – September 29, 1997) was an American artist. He is famous for his work in the "pop art" style around the late 1950's to early 1960's. He was friends with artist Andy Warhol.

He was born and grew up in New York City. After serving in the United States Army during World War II, he finished his education at Ohio State University and began teaching in colleges.

Lichtenstein was interested in mens ballbags popular culture, including comic books and advertising. He made his art about topics like these. He liked to make his art colorful and with bright lines.

Lichtenstein died of pneumonia, aged 74.

Sodor (fictional island)

Sodor is a fictional island in the Irish Sea used as the setting for "The Railway Series" books by the Rev. W. Awdry, and later used in the Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends television series.

Tomoki Suzuki

Tomoki Suzuki (born 8 June 1985) is a former Japanese football player.

78||2||5||1||0||0||83||3
78||2||5||1||0||0||83||3

Yuki Kaneko

Yuki Kaneko (born 29 May 1982) is a former Japanese football player.

74||1||12||0||11||0||1||0||98||1
74||1||12||0||11||0||1||0||98||1

Jorge Sebastian Nunez

Jorge Sebastián Núñez (born 10 December 1986) is a former Argentine football player.

2||0||0||0||1||0||3||0
2||0||0||0||1||0||3||0

Hiroshi Kichise

Hiroshi Kichise (born 10 July 1983) is a former Japanese football player.

57||1||3||0||6||0||66||1
15||0||1||0||colspan="2"|-||16||0
72||1||4||0||6||0||82||1

Zheng Zhi

Zheng Zhi (born 20 August 1980) is a Chinese football player. He plays for Celtic and China PR national team.

122||45||10||3||4||4||9||7||145||59
67||9||2||1||1||1||colspan="2"|-||70||11
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
189||54||12||4||5||5||9||7||215||70

!Total||49||12

Shinya Tokuni

Shinya Tokuni (born 8 April 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||1||0||0||0||1||0
0||0||1||0||0||0||1||0

Shogo Ebisawa

Shogo Ebisawa (born 29 July 1985) is a former Japanese football player.

13||0||0||0||13||0
13||0||0||0||13||0

Michihisa Date

Date retired in 1997. 
166||5||6||2||18||1||190||8
166||5||6||2||18||1||190||8

Dejan Petković

Dejan Petković (born 10 September 1972) is a Serbian football player. He has played for Serbia national team.

59||17
93||29
22||1
230||78
13||1
22||7
0||0
439||133

!Total||6||1

Alexei Shirov

Alexei Shirov (born 4 July 1972 in Riga, Latvia) is a chess grandmaster. He has consistently ranked among the world's top players since the early 1990s, and reached a ranking as high as number four in 1998. Shirov is also a well-regarded chess author.

Shirov became the World Champion (under 16) in 1988, and achieved the title of grandmaster in 1990. He is the winner of numerous international tournaments.

In 1998 Shirov's ranking rose to number four in the world. On the basis of his rating, he was invited to play a ten-game match against Vladimir Kramnik to select a challenger for World Champion Garry Kasparov. Shirov won the match with two wins, no losses and seven draws. However the plans for the Kasparov match fell through when funds could not be raised. When Kasparov played Kramnik for the world title in 2000, Shirov maintained that the match was invalid and he was the rightful challenger.

In 2000, Shirov reached the final of the FIDE World Chess Championship, losing to Viswanathan Anand.

In May/June 2007 he played in the Candidates Tournament of the FIDE World Chess Championship. He won his first round match against Michael Adams (+1-1=4, won in rapid playoff), but was eliminated when he lost his second round match to Levon Aronian (+0-1=5). In November/December 2007 Shirov played in the Chess World Cup. He lost in the final 2.5-1.5 to Gata Kamsky.

In May 2009, Alexei Shirov achieved the greatest triumph of his career by placing 1st in the high Category 21 M-Tel Masters 2009 tournament, a double round tournament held in Sofia, Bulgaria. He was undefeated, and scored 6.5/10—seven draws and three victories, two against Vassily Ivanchuk and the other against Magnus Carlsen in the final round. By this success he was given entry to the Grand Slam Chess Final 2009 in Bilbao where he met Levon Aronian, Sergey Karjakin (winner of Corus 2009), and Alexander Grischuk (winner of Linares 2009).

In 1994 Shirov married, and later divorced, Verónica Alvarez, moved to Tarragona, and became a citizen of Spain. He married, then later divorced, Lithuanian IM/WGM Viktorija Čmilytė from 2001 to 2008. Although he still plays for Spain, he now lives in Latvia.

Shirov is noted for his attacking style and for seeking complications, a tendency which has led to comparisons with fellow Latvian and former world champion, Mikhail Tal, under whom he studied in his youth.

During the 1998 Linares chess tournament Shirov played black against future FIDE world champion Veselin Topalov and won with a piece sacrifice in a bishop and pawn ending.

1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 g6 3.Nc3 d5 4.cxd5 Nxd5 5.e4 Nxc3 6.bxc3 Bg7 7.Bb5+ c6 8.Ba4 O-O 9.Ne2 Nd7 10.O-O e5 11.f3 Qe7 12.Be3 Rd8 13.Qc2 Nb6 14.Bb3 Be6 15.Rad1 Nc4 16.Bc1 b5 17.f4 exd4 18.Nxd4 Bg4 19.Rde1 Qc5 20.Kh1 a5 21.h3 Bd7 22.a4 bxa4 23.Ba2 Be8 24.e5 Nb6 25.f5 Nd5 26.Bd2 Nb4 27.Qxa4 Nxa2 28.Qxa2 Bxe5 29.fxg6 hxg6 30.Bg5 Rd5 31.Re3 Qd6 32.Qe2 Bd7 33.c4 Bxd4 34.cxd5 Bxe3 35.Qxe3 Re8 36.Qc3 Qxd5 37.Bh6 Re5 38.Rf3 Qc5 39.Qa1 Bf5 40.Re3 f6 41.Rxe5 Qxe5 42.Qa2+ Qd5 43.Qxd5+ cxd5 44.Bd2 a4 45.Bc3 Kf7 46.h4 Ke6 47.Kg1 Bh3!! (see diagram) 48.gxh3 Kf5 49.Kf2 Ke4 50.Bxf6 d4 51.Be7 Kd3 52.Bc5 Kc4 53.Be7 Kb3 0-1

Shirov has written two books of his best games:

Tweenies

The Tweenies is an British TV show for children shown on BBC in the United Kingdom. The show is set in a preschool attended by the four Tweenies: Milo, Jake, Bella and Fizz, also with two adults Max and Judy, and two dogs, Doodles and Izzles. The theme song is "Hey, hey, are you ready to play". It was first shown on September 6, 1999. It is made by Tell-Tale Productions and Nick Jr. Productions. Hit songs from the show include "I Believe In Christmas", "Number 1" which went into the Top 10, "Best Friends Forever", "Do The Lollipop", "Have Fun, Go Mad!" which went into the Top 20. They also have a number 56 hit album and a number 34 hit Christmas album. Video games include an action game by BBC Multimedia/Tell-Tale called "Tweenies: Doodles' Bones" which was released in 2005 and a compilation game by BBC Multimedia/Various called "Tweenies: Game Time" which was released in 2003.
Series 7 would be the last series after the BBC decided to cancel the series. The final episode aired on 25 July 2002. The final two special episodes aired in 2003.


Pavel Eljanov

Pavel Eljanov (born 1983) is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster.
Eljanov's most notable tournament result to date was winning Corus B tournament 2007 in Wijk aan Zee, Holland with a score of 9/13. This result enabled him to qualify for the category 20 tournament Corus A 2008.

On the September 2010 FIDE rating list, Eljanov had a rating of 2761, making him number 1 in Ukraine and number 6 in the world. His results in the Russian premier league had been exceptional. Since then he has slipped to #21.

Lactase

Lactase is an enzyme which acts on lactose, breaking it down so it can be digested. 

Mammals in their infancy usually make lactase: they need it for digesting the lactose found in their mother's milk. Mammalian adults usually lose the capacity to produce lactase. Thus, if you give milk to an adult cat it causes discomfort and diarrhea.

Humans are somewhat different. Some humans continue to produce lactase, and some do not. It is a type of polymorphism.

The ability to digest lactose into adulthood ('lactase persistence') was useful to humans after the development of animal husbandry. This created a system providing a consistent supply of milk. 

Hunter-gatherer populations before the Neolithic revolution were overwhelmingly lactose intolerant. So are modern hunter-gatherers. 

A mutation on chromosome #2 stops the shutdown in lactase production, making it possible for those with the mutation to continue drinking fresh milk (and eating other dairy products) throughout their lives.

This appears to be a recent adaptation to dairy consumption. It has occurred independently in both northern Europe and East Africa in populations with a pastoral lifestyle. Lactase persistence, allowing lactose digestion to continue into adulthood, is a dominant allele, making lactose intolerance a recessive trait. 

Genetic studies suggest that the oldest mutations associated with lactase persistence only reached appreciable levels in human populations in the last ten thousand years. Therefore, lactase persistence is often cited as an example of recent human evolution. As lactase persistence is genetic, but animal husbandry a cultural trait, this is gene–culture coevolution.


Tanduay

Tanduay Rhum is an alcoholic drink from the Philippines. It is produced by Tanduay Distillers Inc., and with origins dating from 1854. 


Asia Brewery

Asia Brewery is a brewery founded in 1982 in Makati City, the Philippines. It is one of only two breweries in the Philippines, and is the smaller of the two, with only 10% market share. It is owned by Lucio Tan, listed by Forbes Magazine as the second richest Filipino in the Philippines, with assets worth $1.5 billion.

It produces malt beverages like beer, shandy, iced tea, bottled water and carbonated soft drinks. Its sister company Tanduay Distillers, Inc. produces hard liquor. It somewhat mimics the structure of its bigger rival San Miguel Corporation, except that ABI has no food and agribusiness divisions.

It offers eight beers in the Philippines with its flagship brand Beer na Beer launched in 1988 as Beer Pale Pilsen. It changed its name to Beer na Beer after lawsuits by other breweries using the term pale pilsen. In 2001, Beer na Beer was reformulated and now has 6.0% alcohol volume.

ABI's seven other beers are sold on a somewhat limited scale, but its Colt 45 brand, launched in 1995, is the biggest among them. This malt liquor's biggest competitor is Red Horse Extra Strong from San Miguel. ABI's other licensed brands are Carlsberg (the brewery's first beer in 1987), Lone Star (launched in 2000), Lone Star Light (2002), Colt Ice (2003), Lone Star ULTRA (the country's first low-carb beer, launched in 2004, Stag (either cancelled or it's just hard to find in the country), and Coors (2008).

The company also offers Absolute distilled drinking water, the second biggest-selling bottled water brand in the market behind SMC's Wilkins, and Summit mineral water. They are both launched in 1992.

In 1995, Q Shandy was launched to compete with SMC's Cali. In 1999, Pacific Sun iced tea was launched. In 2009, Asia Brewery introduced Feelgood, the first juice drink in the Philippines to contain prebiotics. 

Asia Brewery entered the low-priced carbonated soft drinks market by acquiring a license to produce Virgin Cola from Virgin Drinks. They are responsible in distributing products such as Summit Vitaminwater, ZeroCal and 100Plus.

In 2008, Asia Brewery partnered with Cobra International Beverage Holdings, Inc. introduced the Philippine version of Cobra Energy Drink, is the ready-to-drink energy drink now in the Philippine market.



Ginebra San Miguel

Ginebra San Miguel, Inc. (GSMI) is a Philippines-based alcoholic drink company. It is owned by San Miguel Corporation, then called La Tondeňa Distillers, Inc. (LTDI) from 1987 to 2003. Founded originally by the late Carlos Palanca, Sr. as La Tondeña, Inc. (LTI) in 1902 in the district of Tondo, Manila (where its name come from), it manufactures a range of products and carries packaging innovations that satisfy the needs of its target consumers. Its main product is hard liquor.


Fox (Asian TV channel)

Fox was a Asian pay television channel. It was owned and operated by Fox Networks Group Asia Pacific, a compsny owned by Disney International Operations.

The network operated six subnetworks. All of them were named as Fox. It had one feed for East Asia and individual feeds for Japan, Thailand, The Philippines, Taiwan, and Vietnam. All of the networks had programming with the original English audio along with either subtitling or second audio feeds in each nation's main language. It also had a deal with Tcast until the end of 2020 for a version of Fox in South Korea.

In Japan, the channel launched in February 1998. Other Fox channels such as Fox Crime and Fox Life (now FOX bs238) also launched at that time.

In Asia, the channel began testing in December 2009. It broadcast US TV series on loop. The first Asian provider who carried Fox was SkyCable. This was in the Philippines. It launched the channel on 4 January 2010. Next was StarHub TV in Singapore on 1 February 2010. 

Fox Taiwan was officially launched on 1 September 2012, as FOX Showbiz (). It replaced Channel V Taiwan. They broadcast Asian programming and some of American series reruns with Chinese subtitles. The feed was renamed Fox in January 2014 and broadcast both local and foreign programmes.

In 2020, Tcast announced that it had ended its license agreement with Disney's domestic division. It changed the name of its channels after 31 December 2020. Fox in South Korea then became Ch.NOW (채널 나우).

On 31 August 2021, the Fox Networks Group channels ended operations in Hong Kong. The entire group of Fox networks in Asia ended operations on 30 September 2021. This did not include networks in Taiwan and Japan. Its content transferred to Disney+ and Hotstar.

On 1 January 2022, Fox Taiwan was renamed to Star World. This marked the return of Star World in Taiwan.

 

Warner TV

Warner Channel (often shortened to WBTV) is an Asian and Latin American TV channel owned by HBO (along with company Warner Bros.) that focuses on airing American-made series and films. Most of the shows air in their original English language audio with subtitles in different languages.

WarnerTV headquarters are located in Brazil, Venezuela, Chile, Singapore and Malaysia, however the broadcasting is based in Miami.

 

All Sports Network

All Sports Network is an Asian sports television channel. It covers some of the biggest sports in the United States and other events from around the world. Some of these sports are the U.S. National Football League (up to 4 live games per week), the National Hockey League (up to 5 live games per week), and NCAA college basketball and football. They also cover motor sports (such as Formula Drift, Touring Car, GT racing), Extreme sports, Pro Bull Riding, and UFC (Ultimate Fighting Championship).


RHTV

DZRH News Television is a 24-hour cable television channel of Manila Broadcasting Company in the Philippines. Its programs are mainly from MBC's AM station DZRH. DZRH-TV can be seen on Cignal Digital TV channel 18, Cablelink channel 9, and 54 cable TV affiliates nationwide, as well as live internet TV streaming on their official website.

On October 1, 2008 DZRH-TV began as an Interactive Radio/Cable TV channel. It was first seen on SkyCable, later on Dream Satellite TV & other cable TV Channels nationwide with 300 cable affiliates. It was first called TV Natin, then DZRH RadyoVision. It was later changed to DZRH Television or RHTV. RHTV is now available in satellite Measat 3 platform along with other MBC Radio stations.

RHTV airs the live video feed of DZRH programs, except Ang Dating Daan and selected radio dramas. RHTV also airs its produced programs.

- With 300 cable affiliates nationwide.



NBA TV

NBA TV is a television specialty channel. It is dedicated to showcasing the sport of basketball in the United States. The network is financially backed by the National Basketball Association (NBA), which also uses NBA TV as a way of advertising their out of market package NBA League Pass.

Started in 1999 as nba.com TV, the channel, which had its studios at NBA Entertainment in Secaucus, New Jersey, began a multi-year deal with American television companies Cox Communications, Cablevision, and Time Warner on June 28, 2003, allowing the network to expand to 45 million American homes, and 30 different countries. NBA TV replaced Time Warner's CNN/SI on many cable systems after that network shut down a year earlier.

NBA TV offers basketball news every day, as well as programming showcasing basketball players' individual lifestyles, life as a basketball team during an NBA season, famous games of the past, and live games typically four days a week during the NBA season. Live games on NBA TV are subject to local blackout restrictions, since NBA TV does not have exclusive broadcast rights to any of its games. Games carried by NBA TV are always also carried by each team's local rights holder.

The channel also shows international games, typically on Saturday evenings, with special emphasis on the Euroleague and the Maccabi Tel Aviv team from Israel. In April 2005, the channel televised the Chinese Basketball Association finals for the first time.
NBA TV carries at least 90 regular-season games per season, all broadcast in high definition, as well as some first-round playoff games. It also broadcasts WNBA games nationally (subject to local blackout).

The channel's flagship program is "NBA Gametime Live", a show in which a host and studio analysts go over the latest news, highlights, and look in at games in progress. The show is live six days a week, not airing on most Thursdays due to NBA's coverage of "The NBA on TNT". An edited one hour/thirty minute version of the broadcast is repeated throughout the late night/early morning hours.


The studio host and analysts vary every night on NBA Gametime Live.



On October 8, 2007, it was reported that Turner Sports, a division of Time Warner, was to take over the channel's operations, according to
Hoopsworld:
"NBATV: Surprisingly there has been little said about the NBA's decision to sell off NBATV to one of its media partners. Talks had gone on for as ESPN/ABC and Turner both explored scenarios with the league. Ultimately it seems Turner has won out, and will take over operation of the league's flagship cable channel, that reaches some 12 million subscribers. The exact changeover date is not clear, but several months ago a Bloomberg report cited sources saying senior level producers were offered contract buyouts in September."

Turner Sports relaunched the channel on October 28, 2008, using analysts carried over from NBA on TNT.

In 2001, Raptors NBA TV begin airing in Canada. Although quite similar to NBA TV, there is a larger focus on the Toronto Raptors basketball team, due to Canadian content requirements and restrictions on foreign ownership (the channel is owned by Raptors parent company Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment, not the league).

As of 2010, NBA TV coverage can be seen in 40 countries via the following partners:

NBA TV HD is a 1080i high definition simulcast of NBA TV. All studio programs and original shows are shot in HD, and all live games and recent game rebroadcasts are shown in HD. For programs not available in HD (such as older game footage), unique stylized pillarboxes are used, the NBA logo with "NBA TV" under it, or alternately, just "NBA TV" sideways. Both are in black and gray

On April 16, 2009, it was announced that DirecTV and the NBA reached a new carriage agreement. NBA TV was moved from the satellite television provider's add-on Sports Pack (and premium subscription package NBA League Pass) to its lower priced base package Choice Xtra on October 1, 2009. DirecTV believes the move will make the channel available to an additional 8 million subscribers.

On June 4, 2009, it was announced that the NBA and Comcast have reached a deal to move the channel from the cable company's add-on Sports Entertainment Package to its basic level Digital Classic package, by the start of the 2009-10 NBA season. Comcast believes an additional 8 million customers will now have access to the channel.

Verizon FiOS added the channel and NBA League Pass for the first time on September 23, 2009.

The channel also signed new multiyear agreements with Time Warner Cable, Cablevision, and Dish Network on October 22, 2009. They also reached a new deal with Cox Cable earlier this year.

With all of the above carriage deals, the NBA believes it will now reach 45 million viewers.



HBO Asia

HBO Asia is a television network in Asia. It is a franchise of HBO. HBO Asia is now a joint venture of media giants Viacom (25%) and Time Warner (75%). Sony Pictures Entertainment and Universal Studios exited the fifteen year-old HBO Asia premium movie joint venture on January 16, 2008.

Launched in 1992, Singapore-based HBO Asia is a commercial-free 24-hour subscription movie channel. It also offers some original movies and series that are produced by the Emmy and Golden Globe award winning American channel, HBO.

HBO Asia has five channels under its multi-channel strategy (HBO, HBO Signature, HBO HiTS, HBO Family and Max). HBO launched its first subscription Video-On-Demand service, HBO On Demand, in Hong Kong, it was launched in Singapore a year later. 

HBO recently launched its first regional HD channel, HBO HD, in Singapore, Hong Kong, the Philippines,Thailand and Malaysia. HBO is available in twenty-two countries throughout Asia and has closed-captioned subtitling in several local languages.

HBO Asia has licensing deals with two major Hollywood conglomerates and their film studios: Time Warner (Warner Bros. Pictures; New Line Cinema, HBO Films, Castle Rock Entertainment; Warner Independent Pictures, Franchise Pictures) and Viacom (Paramount Pictures, DreamWorks; Paramount Vantage). It also licenses movies from Columbia Pictures and many independent distributors such as Village Roadshow Pictures, Morgan Creek, Screen Gems and Universal Studios


The HBO multiplex channels are divided into special packages. In Hong Kong, now TV's package is HBO/MAX PAK Premium while in the Philippines, SkyCable Platinum's package is THE HBO PAK. In Indonesia, First Media's package is HBO MAX PAK In Singapore, StarHub TV's package is called HBO PAK.

Since HBO Asia headquarters is in Singapore, HBO Asia has to follow Singapore Law, which means that cuts have to be made to programs such as "Sex and the City" and "The Sopranos".

The HBO-made series "Entourage" was taken off-air for three weeks by one cable operator in the Philippines pending clearance by MTRCB. The entire series continued to air without disruption on all other Philippines cable operators.

Every movie with content which is considered to oppose or distort the Vietnam War, the Vietnam Communist Party or Communism is replaced by a black screen. In addition, if the Ministry of Culture and Information considers a movie has contents of a serious sexual or horrific nature not conforming with Vietnamese society, it will not be aired.

HBO Asia airs a separate PAY TV feed with commercial breaks for viewers in South Asia. The channel is labeled as HBO South Asia and often referred to as HBO India since it specifically caters to the Indian market. All movie promos in this beam are according to IST The channel is also available to viewers in Bangladesh and the Maldives. HBO South Asia took over the rights for DreamWorks movies from STAR Movies in June 2008.
In Pakistan, HBO is available as HBO Pakistan. It is a simulcast of HBO India with slight modifications and running in PST. Diwali ads and other adverts targeted towards India are filtered out in this beam. This beam can also be called the +0.30 version of HBO South Asia since all the programs aired on this beam are aired with a thirty minute delay.



Discovery Channel (Southeast Asian TV channel)

Discovery Channel (formerly The Discovery Channel, and often referred to as simply Discovery) is the Southeast Asian version of Discovery Channel operated by Warner Bros. Discovery Asia-Pacific, a division of Warner Bros. Discovery, a publicly traded company run by CEO David Zaslav. which provides documentary programming. Its documentaries focused mainly on popular documentary genre similar to that of the Al Jazeera English, Radio Philippines Network, Smithsonian Channel, Special Broadcasting Service, Australian Broadcasting Corporation, Investigation Discovery, History2 Channel, History Channel, Crime and Investigation Network, Nigerian Television Authority, South African Broadcasting Corporation, Public Broadcasting Corporation of Jamaica, TVNZ, People's Television Network, Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation, Philippine Broadcasting Service, Educational Broadcasting System, Channel 4, National Geographic Channel, CBS, Raidió Teilifís Éireann, American Broadcasting Company, National Public Radio, China Central Television, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, British Broadcasting Corporation and Public Broadcasting Service.



National Geographic (Asian TV channel)

The National Geographic Channel, also known as Nat Geo, is an Asian subscription television channel. It has non-fiction, programming involving nature, science, culture, and history. These programs are made by the National Geographic Society, just like Educational Broadcasting System, History Channel, the Discovery Channel and British Broadcasting Corporation.
The channel was launched on August 1, 1994 in partnership with STAR TV. Star TV is a Hong Kong-based satelite television service for Asia and the Pacific. It is owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation. Nat Geo replaced the NBC Asia channel on July 1, 1998. , the Asian version of National Geographic Channel was available in over 56 million homes. NGC Asia has eight different channels feeds.




Gifted education

Gifted education is a term for special ways to educate (teach) children who have been identified as gifted. There is no definition of a gifted student which everyone agrees on.

Gifted and talented education has a long history of thousands of years. Plato (c. 427–c. 347 BCE) was in favour of providing specialized education for intellectually gifted young men and women. In China's Tang Dynasty (580-618 CE), child prodigies were summoned to the imperial court for specialized education. Throughout the Renaissance, those who showed creative talent in art, architecture, and literature were supported by both the government and private patronage.

In 2011, the National Association for Gifted Children published a position paper that stated what a gifted student is. The word "gifted," describes people who demonstrate outstanding aptitude or competence in one or more domains. An "aptitude" is defined as an exceptional ability to learn or reason. "Competence" is defined as documented performance or achievement in the top 10% of the population.

Sport England

Sport England is the name for the English Sports Council. It is a non-departmental public body under the Department for Culture, Media and Sport. It works with national governing bodies of sport to grow the number of people in sports. Their goal is to keep these people in the sports. Sport England also helps more talented people do well by identifying them early, nurturing them, and helping them move up to the top level.

Sport England has two statutory, functions: (1) a lottery distributor for sport; and (2) it must be consulted on planning applications that affect playing fields. The funding it distributes comes from both H.M. Treasury and the National Lottery. Since 1994, it has invested over £2bn of lottery funds and £300 million from the Exchequer into sports in England.


Manic Street Preachers

Manic Street Preachers (often referred to as the Manics) are an alternative rock band from Blackwood, Wales, formed in 1986. They are James Dean Bradfield (vocals, guitars), Nicky Wire (bass, occasional vocals) and Sean Moore (drums, backing vocals, occasional trumpet). The band is part of the Cardiff music scene. Their biggest success was during the 1990s.

The band were originally a four piece band: lyricist and rhythm guitarist Richey Edwards mysteriously vanished on 1 February 1995. In November 2008, 13 years after his disappearance, he was officially declared presumed dead.

The Manics released their debut album "Generation Terrorists" in 1992. Their combination of androgynous glam punk imagery, outspoken
invective and songs about "culture, alienation, boredom and despair" soon gained them a loyal following and cult status. The band's later albums kept a politicized and smart lyrical style. They also adopted a broader alternative rock sound. Enigmatic lyricist Richey Edwards gained early notoriety by carving the words "4 REAL" into his arm with a razor blade (narrowly missing an artery and requiring seventeen stitches) in response to the suggestion that the band were less than authentic. The dark nature of 1994's "The Holy Bible" showed the result of Edwards' instability.

Following Edwards' disappearance, Bradfield, Moore, and Wire kept with the Manic Street Preachers and went on to gain critical and commercial success. They became one of Britain's top rock bands. They have had eight top ten albums and fifteen top ten singles. They have reached number one three times, with their 1998 album "This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours" and the singles "If You Tolerate This Your Children Will Be Next" (1998) and "The Masses Against The Classes" (2000). They have also won the Best British Album and Best British Group accolades at the BRIT Awards in 1997 and 1999, and were lauded by the NME for their lifetime achievements in 2008. Their ninth studio album, "Journal For Plague Lovers", was released on 18 May 2009 and features lyrics Edwards had left behind to the band weeks before his disappearance.
In 2010 their tenth album "Postcards from a Young Man" was released. Their eleventh album "Rewind the Film" was released on 16 September 2013. Their next album "Futurology" is going to be released in 2014.


Turnstile

A turnstile, also called a baffle gate, is a type of gate. It only allows one person to pass at a time. It can also be made so as to make one-way traffic of people. It can also make passage only to people who put in a coin, a ticket, a pass, or similar. A turnstile can be used for paid access (sometimes called a faregate when used for this). For example, it can be used in public transport as a ticket barrier or at a pay toilet. 

Turnstiles are used at a variety of places. This includes stadiums, amusement parks, museums, and mass transit stations.


Toroid (geometry)

A toroid is a geometric shape that resembles a torus. A toroid is constructed by rotating a geometrical shape around an axis which is outside the shape. If this is done to a circle, a torus results.

Ashburys railway station

Ashburys railway station in Openshaw serves Beswick and West Gorton in Manchester, England. It is located on the Manchester-Glossop Line at its junction with the branch line to and and the freight-only line to Phillips Park Junction (on the Huddersfield Line).

Regional casino

A Regional Casino, more commonly known as a Super Casino (or occasionally known as Mega Casino), is the term given to the largest category of casino that was to have been permitted under UK law. It is meant to be the same size as the larger casinos in Las Vegas. The first Regional Casino was proposed to be in the City of Manchester. This was stopped by the UK government soon after Gordon Brown became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

The Gambling Act 2005 revised many regulations relating to gambling in England. Amongst the most controversial provisions was the establishment of a number of 'destination casinos' in the style of Las Vegas, commonly referred to in the media as 'Super Casinos'

Initial drafts of the act proposed eight regional casinos but concerns expressed in the national media and by a range of addiction related social and religious groups meant that the final revision of the act permitted only one casino of the largest size, referred to as a 'Regional Casino', with a further eight 'large' and eight 'small' casinos of a smaller sizes and with reduced Jackpot limits.

Prior to the act there were 140 casinos in the UK, the largest of which in Star City, Birmingham had a floor area of around 950 square metres. Customers were required to register twenty-four hours prior to gaming.

Under the terms of the Gambling Act the Secretary of State is able to define each type of Casino, with reference to any matter he or she chooses; although the act specifically mentions as facts to consider the number, location and concentration of gaming tables, and the floor area designated for a specific purpose.

Definitions have been determined such that the 'super casino' will have a minimum customer area of 5000 square metres and at most 1250 unlimited-jackpot slot machines.

'Large casinos' will have a minimum area of 1000 square metres and up to 150 slot machines with a maximum jackpot of £4000.

The 'small casinos' will have a minimum customer area of 750 sq metres, up to 80 slot machines and a jackpot of £4000.

In May 2006, a short-list of eight sites, selected from various ones submitted by local councils, was announced for the location of the Regional Casino. These were:

On 30 January 2007 it was announced that the first Regional Casino would be built in East Manchester near the City of Manchester Stadium. This was a shock to the Blackpool and The O (formerly the Millennium Dome) bids. Both of them were thought of as the favourites. However, the Blackpool bid organisers pledged to continue the work in getting government approval for a 'supercasino'.


Royal Institute of British Architects

The Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA) is a professional organisation for architects in the United Kingdom.

It was originally named the Institute of British Architects in London and formed in 1834. The group was started by several important architects, including Philip Hardwick, Thomas Allom, William Donthorne, Thomas Leverton Donaldson, John Buonarotti Papworth and Thomas de Grey, 2nd Earl de Grey. It was awarded a Royal Charter in 1837, becoming the Royal Institute of British Architects in London, eventually dropping the reference to London in 1892.

The RIBA is a member organisation, with 44,000 members. Chartered Members are allowed to call themselves chartered architects and to add the post-nominals RIBA after their name; Student Members are not permitted to do so. In the past, fellowships of the institute were given, but this has stopped; those who continue to hold this title instead add FRIBA.

RIBA is based at 66 Portland Place, London—a 1930s Grade II* listed building designed by architect George Grey Wornum with sculptures by Edward Bainbridge Copnall and James Woodford. The Institute also maintains a dozen regional offices around the United Kingdom. Parts of the London building are open to the public, including the exhibition galleries and Library. It has a large architectural bookshop, a café, restaurant and lecture theatres. Rooms are hired out for events.



Institution of Structural Engineers

The Institution of Structural Engineers (IStructE) is an organisation for structural engineering based in the United Kingdom. It has 23,600 members in 105 countries. The Institution is a learned body and provider of professional accreditation for structural engineers. The Institution publishes a monthly journal, "The Structural Engineer".


Bahrain International Circuit

The Bahrain International Circuit (BIC) is a motorsport track opened in 2004 and used for auto racing. The main race is the Bahrain Grand Prix. The 2004 Grand Prix was the first held in the Middle East. In 2006, Australian V8 Supercar started racing at the BIC. 24 Hour endurance races also hosted at BIC.

Building the Bahrain circuit (track) was important for Bahrain, and was started by the Crown Prince, Shaikh Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa. The Crown Prince is the Honorary President of the Bahrain Motor Federation.

In the track became the first Grand Prix circuit to be awarded the distinguished (important) FIA Institute Centre of Excellence award. The award was given for having and keeping high race safety and medical facilities.

The track was designed by German architect Hermann Tilke. Tilke also designed the Sepang circuit in Malaysia. The track cost approximately US $150 million to build. It can be set-up as six different tracks, including a test oval and a drag strip.

The track had a special problem. The track was located in the middle of a desert. There were concerns that sand would blow onto the track and disrupt the race. Organizers (the people who run the race) were able to keep the sand off the track by spraying an adhesive (glue) on the sand around the track.

The surface of the track has a high level of grip. The same surface is used at the Yas Marina Circuit for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.

The Bahrain International Circuit hosts a number of races, including the FIA Formula One World Championship, the Australian V8 Supercar Championship Series, the GP2 Series, GP2 Asia, Chevrolet Lumina Series, Speedcar Series, Thunder Arabia and Radical.

In the past the track has hosted the FIA GT Championship, and a one-time Bahrain Superprix involving Formula Three cars, following from the failure of the Korea Super Prix. The first Formula BMW World Final took place in Bahrain. Every year there is the 24 Hours of Bahrain race.

The first Bahrain Grand Prix took place on 4 April 2004, making history as the first Formula One Grand Prix to be held in the Middle East. Other countries, including Egypt, Lebanon and the United Arab Emirates wanted to host the Formula One Grand Prix.

The Bahrain Grand Prix is usually the third race on the Formula One schedule. In the 2006 season, Bahrain traded places with the usual first race, the Australian Grand Prix. The Australian Grand Prix date was changed to avoid interfering with the Commonwealth Games. In , Bahrain was moved to the fourth race on the schedule. In , Bahrain was the first race of the season. For 2010, the Formula One cars raced on the full "Endurance Circuit".

Starting in 2011, Formula One will return to the original track layout. This is the layout that was used in 2004.


Phase 10

Phase 10 is a card game for people to play, somewhat similar to Uno, or Skip-Bo.

Muharraq Governorate

The Muharraq Governorate is one of the five governorates of Bahrain. It is together with the municipality of Al Muharraq and with Muharraq Island and with outlying islets. It includes the former municipality of Al Hadd at the southern end of that island. 

Muharraq is Bahrain's second largest city and is also called the "Place of Ashes".

1997 Qayen earthquake

The 1997 Qayen earthquake was a large earthquake that struck in Northern Iran's Khorasan Province on May 10, 1997. It was also known as the Quayen, Ardekul or Qaen earthquake. It was the largest in that area since 1990 and measured 7.3 on the moment magnitude scale. It was the third earthquake in 1997 that caused a lot of damage. It killed 1,567 people and injured over 2,300. It also left 50,000 homeless by damaging over 15,000 homes. There were 155 aftershocks that added to the damage, which was guessed to cost about $100 million.

The United States Geological Survey said that it was the most deadly earthquake in 1997.

Wind turbine

A wind turbine is a rotating machine that transfers kinetic energy from the wind into mechanical energy. If the mechanical energy is used directly by machinery, such as for pumping water, cutting lumber or grinding stones, the machine is called a windmill. If the mechanical energy is instead converted to electricity, the machine may be called a wind turbine generator (WTG), wind power unit (WPU), wind energy converter (WEC), or aerogenerator.

The wind turbine's blades are turned by the wind. This turns a shaft turning slowly, at about 10-20 rpm with a high torque. The shaft goes into a reduction gearbox with a ratio of about 1:50, although some wind turbine gearboxes can have a ratio of 1:100 or more. Some wind turbines may have no reduction gearbox at all, and have a ratio of 1:1. The gearbox turns the generator more quickly, at around 1000 rpm, at a low torque. The generator creates electricity. This electricity is combined with any other wind turbines that may be in the same wind farm. This combined electricity may be used locally, or adjusted to match the electricity in the power grid and sent to the power grid.

Although wind turbines are a renewable source of energy and don't pollute the environment as a result of generating power, they have an environmental impact. Some people think that wind turbines create a lot of noise and look unappealing. However, wind turbines are placed no closer than 300 meters from residential homes. At that distance, a wind turbine is no louder than an average household air conditioner.

Wet-tail

Wet-tail or proliferative ileitis, is a disease in rodents kept in cages, mainly hamsters, but can include rabbits, gerbils, rats, and mice. It is caused by stress. Even with treatment, the animal can die within 24–48 hours. Baby hamsters are much more likely to get the disease than older hamsters. It commonly is found when the hamster is being weaned at about four weeks of age.

Wet-tail is a disease in the animal's intestines caused by the bacteria, "Lawsonia intracellularis". Wet-tail is stress related. The stress can be caused by:


The symptoms may not appear for several days. The main symptom is the animal has a wet tail, matted with faeces. Other signs of the disease are: 

There are drugs to treat wet-tail which can be bought from pet shops. A vet may choose to give the animal other drugs. The sick animal should be kept in a cage by itself so that others do not catch the disease.

Luxury box

The luxury box or luxury suite is the North American term for a special seating section in arenas, stadiums and other sports venues. In the United Kingdom and Australia the terms used are corporate box, executive box, sky box and private box. They are usually in the mid-section of the stadium. The seats have usually the best views of the sporting event. Some have glass panels that can be opened, in order for the spectators to feel closer to the action of the sporting event. The inside of a luxury box usually has a bar, several televisions sets, a row of seats and a private bathroom. The boxes are usually catered. The lease to a box also comes with a personal parking space, and a private entrance. The boxes usually generate more revenue than regular seating.

Contactless smart card

A contactless smart card is a kind of smart card with integrated circuits that can process and save data. Most cards are as big as a credit card. They can receive information which is processed and delivered through radio. There are two main kinds of contactless smart cards. 

Many people believe contactless smart cards have a read-only RFID inside it. This is not true, but they do have a re-writable smart card microchip inside them. Contactless smart cards can be used for identification, authentication, and saving data.


Pericles' Funeral Oration

Pericles' Funeral Oration is a famous speech from Thucydides' "History of the Peloponnesian War". The speech was delivered by Pericles at the end of the first year of the Peloponnesian War (431 - 404 BCE). He was a famous Athenian politician. The speech was a part of the yearly public funeral for the people who died in the war.

At that time, people in Athens had a custom of holding a public funeral for the people who died in war. The bodies of the dead were left out for three days in a tent, where offerings could be made for the dead.

"Funeral Oration" was recorded by Thucydides in book two of his "History of the Peloponnesian War". Thucydides records the speech as if every word in the record was what Pericles said. However, people agree he did, at least, correct or change the speeches a little. Thucydides says in his "History" that the speeches are not completely the same as what was really said, but written to show the main ideas of what was said. It is quite certain that Pericles delivered a speech at the end of the first year of the war. However, people are not sure how much Thucydides' record is the same as Pericles' actual speech.

The Funeral Oration is important because the speech was different from usual Athenian funeral speeches. David Cartwright describes it as "a eulogy (description) of Athens itself...". The speech is about what great things Athens did, delivered to encourage the people.

American Civil War scholar Garry Wills calls Abraham Lincoln's famous Gettysburg Address the modern parallel to Pericles' Funeral Oration.

Gorgoneion

In Ancient Greece, the Gorgoneion () was originally a magic pendant showing the Gorgon's head. (The use of magic against evil, or bad luck is generally called Apotropaism). 
The gorgoneion was linked with the gods Zeus and Athena; both are said to have worn it as a pendant. It was also popular as a royal symbol, worn on shields and capes. These can be seen on the Alexander Mosaic and the Gonzaga Cameo.

Homer wrote about the Gorgon on four occasions, but only about the head, as if the creature had no body. Jane Ellen Harrison notes that "Medusa is a head and nothing more...a mask." The body was added many years later. Up to the 5th century BC, the head was shown as being very ugly, with her tongue sticking out, boar tusks, puffy cheeks, her eyeballs staring straight ahead and the snakes twisting all around her.

The direct frontal stare was highly unusual in ancient Greek art. In some cases a beard, (probably representing streaks of blood) was added to her chin, making her appear as a wild and sexual god, like Dionysus.

Gorgoneia painted on the shields of warriors on mid-5th century Greek vases are not as ugly, strange or frightening. By that time, the Gorgon had lost her tusks and the snakes were rather stylized. The Hellenistic marble known as the Medusa Rondanini shows how the Gorgon changed over time into a beautiful woman.

Gorgoneia are first seen in Greek art at the beginning of the 8th century BC. One of the earliest is on a coin found during an archaeological dig at Parium. Other early 8th-century examples were found at Tiryns. There is a similar image from the Knossos palace, dating from the 15th century BC. Marija Gimbutas even argues that "the Gorgon extends back to at least 6000 BC, as a ceramic mask from the Sesklo culture illustrates".

In the 6th century BC, gorgoneia of a basic type of "lion mask" were found all over Greek temples, especially in and around Corinth. Pedimental gorgoneia were common in Sicily; probably the earliest one is in the Temple of Apollo in Syracuse. Around 500 BC, they stopped being used to decorate monumental buildings, but were still shown on parts of the roof tiles (antefix) of smaller buildings throughout the next century.

As well as temples, the Gorgon image can be found on dress, dishes, weapons, and coins across the Mediterranean region from Etruria to the Black Sea coast. The Gorgon coins were made in 37 cities, making her image on coins second only to some of the main Greek gods. On mosaic floors, the gorgoneion was usually near the door, as if guarding it. On Attic kilns, a gorgoneion over the kiln door protected from accidents.

The Gorgon image remained popular even in Christian times, especially in the Byzantine Empire, including Kievan Rus (now the Ukraine). The image was used in Western Europe by the Italian Renaissance artists. In the 20th century, the gorgoneion was used by Gianni Versace as a logo for his fashion company.

Gimbutas says the gorgoneia are part of the Mother Goddess cult linked to "dynamic life energy". She said the gorgoneion is a typical European image. Jane Ellen Harrison, on the other hand, claims that many primitive cultures use similar ritual masks. These are meant to scare the owner from doing something wrong, or, as she terms it, to make an ugly face at him.



Ryosuke Nakajima

Ryosuke Nakajima (born 28 April 1988) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Marquinhos Paraná

Antônio Marcos da Silva Filho known as Marquinhos Paraná or just Marquinhos (little Marcos; born 20 July 1977), is a former Brazilian right-back or defensive midfielder. He last played for Ventforet Kofu in the J. League Division 1.


Phil Younghusband

Phil Younghusband (born 4 August 1987) is a Filipino football player. He has played for Philippines national team.

!Total||6||7

Carlo Zotti

Carlo Zotti (born 3 September 1982) is an Italian football player. He plays for Bellinzona.

15||0
15||0

Alex Song

Alex Song (born 9 September 1987) is a Cameroonian football player. He plays for Arsenal and Cameroon national team.

32||0||||||||||||||32||0
59||1||4||0||10||1||17||1||90||3
91||1||4||0||10||1||17||1||122||3

!Total||15||0

Katsumi Yusa

Katsumi Yusa (born 2 August 1988) is a Japanese football player.

9||0||0||0||2||0||11||0
9||0||0||0||2||0||11||0

Ricardo Faty

Ricardo Faty (born 4 August 1986) is a French football player. He plays for Roma.

48||3
11||0
2||0
61||3

Masayuki Miura

Masayuki Miura (born 4 November 1966) is a former Japanese football player.

2019      

Team Manager: Khon kaen FC Thailand League 2

2018      

Team Manager: Ayutthaya United Thailand League 3 (Promoted)       

2016      

Team Manager: Khon Kaen FC Thailand League 3 （Promoted）

2011-2015 

Team Manager/General Manager: NORDDEA Hokkaido,Hokkaido,Japan

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Contributed to the promotion to upper league (Plenus challenge league)

2007-2009 

Top Team Coach: CONSADOLE Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Contributed to the promotion to the top league

2003-2006 

Team Manager: CONSADOLE Asahikawa, Hokkaido, Japan

2001-2002 

Top Team Coach: CONSADOLE Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan

1997-2001 

Team Manager: CONSADOLE Sapporo Youth (U-15), Hokkaido, Japan


Yasuyuki Akaike

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Mariano González

Mariano Nicolás González (born 5 May 1981) is a retired Argentine professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder or as a winger.

64||14
65||4
45||6
174||24

!Total||9||0

Racing Club

Inter

Porto

Argentina

Evaldo (footballer, born 1983)

Evaldo Silva dos Santos (born 4 January 1983) is a Brazilian football player.

Atsushi Inoue

Atsushi Inoue (born 28 May 1977) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gainare Tottori.

153||0||3||0||0||0||156||0
153||0||3||0||0||0||156||0


Alberto (footballer, born 1975)

Alberto Luiz de Souza (born 27 April 1975) is a Brazilian football player.

51||13||||||||||51||13
22||2||||||||||22||2
15||3||1||0||2||1||18||4
88||18||1||0||2||1||91||19

Georgios Samaras

Georgios Samaras (born 21 February 1985) is a Greek football player. He plays for Celtic and Greece national team.

88||25
55||8
47||20
190||53

!Total||31||5

 

Gustave Courbet

Jean Désiré Gustave Courbet (10 June 1819 – 31 December 1877) was a French painter. He was the leader of the Realist movement in 19th-century French painting. Courbet was prepared to try out new ideas and ways of painting. His paintings made social comment on the world around him.

Courbet's paintings were an inspiration to many other painters, particularly the French Impressionists and Post-Impressionists. Edouard Manet, Edgar Degas, Vincent van Gogh and Henri Toulouse-Lautrec were all inspired by Gustave Courbet's paintings of people. His landscape paintings were an inspiration to Claude Monet, Seurat, Cezanne and many other painters.

Courbet was born in 1819, and was the son of Régis and Sylvie Oudot Courbet in Ornans, Doubs. Courbet's sisters, Zoé, Zélie and Juliette, were his first models for drawing and painting.

When Courbet was twenty he went to Paris in 1839, and worked at the studio of two other painters, Steuben and Hesse. He was not happy there, and wanted to work on his own. He studied the works of many great masters, including Goya, Velazquez and Titian. He painted several self-portraits at this time. He often returned home to Ornans to hunt, fish and find inspiration in the countryside and country life.

In 1846–1847 Coubet travelled to the Netherlands and Belgium where he studied the paintings of Rembrandt, Franz Hals and Jan Steen who all painted in the 1600s. The paintings by these artists often showed realistic scenes and portraits of everyday life. They showed ordinary people at the table together, dancing, writing, cooking, working at trades and in businesses and in the fields. There were many pictures of soldiers. Courbet decided that he wanted to paint scenes of ordinary life the way that these artists did. He did not want to paint scenes from literature, history or mythology like most other artists in France at that time.

Courbet painted a large picture of everday-life at Ornans. The painting, called "After Dinner at Ornans", shows four men who have just finished a meal at a little table, which is perhaps in an inn. One man is playing his violin, one man is lighting his pipe. Courbet sits listening, with his head leaning on his hand. A large dog is curled under a chair. Courbet showed the painting at the Salon Exhibition in Paris. It was a great success. It won a Gold Medal and was bought by the French Government. Because of the gold medal, Courbet could hang his pictures at the Salon Exhibitions without having them checked by a jury first. This rule was changed in 1857. Courbet's work, and the work of Honoré Daumier and Jean-François Millet, became known as "Realism". Like the Dutch painters he admired, Courbet often painted in broad, rough brush strokes. He often used dark earthy colours, particularly brown, in his paintings.

In 1849 Courbet saw two people working by the roadside, using small hammers to break large rocks into gravel. One was an old man and the other was a young boy. Courbet painted a picture of this scene. He explained it to a friend ""It is not often that one meets with so complete an expression of poverty and so, right then and there I got the idea for a painting. I told them to come to my studio the next morning.""

The picture soon became one of the most famous scenes of the life of poor people that has ever been painted. It was destroyed during World War II in Dresden.

Courbet's other important painting that was shown at the Salon of 1850 was a scene of life at his village. Beginning in 1849, he painted the funeral of his great-uncle who had died the previous year. Courbet got all the village people who had been at the funeral to come to his studio and pose for him, one by one, until the painting was complete. The painting was very large, 10 by 22 feet (3.1 by 6.6 meters). The famous artist Jacques Louis David had once painted a very large picture in the same way. David's picture was of the "Coronation of Napoleon" and showed all the people who were present.

Some people praised "The Funeral at Ornans" but other people were very angry about it. They thought that it was wrong to show the burial of an ordinary man in a huge painting, as if he was as important as an emperor. They thought that it was wrong to show the poor people of a village, with their old clothes and dirty boots, as if they were all as important as lords and ladies. Some of the critics said that Courbet was deliberately trying to paint ugliness. Many people came to see the picture and liked the new Realist way of painting. Courbet said: ""The Burial at Ornans was ... the burial of Romanticism.""

Courbet became a celebrity. (He became famous and written about in the newspapers- like a film star.) People said he was a genius, a "terrible socialist", and a "savage". 
Courbet wrote to a friend in 1850:
During the 1850s Courbet painted many other pictures using common folk and friends as his subjects, such as "Village Damsels" (1852), the "Wrestlers" (1853), "Bathers" (1853), "The Sleeping Spinner" (1853), and "The Wheat Sifters" (1854).

Courbet then painted another huge picture. This painting is called "The Artist's Studio" and is about seven years in his life as a painter. He shows himself at the centre of the picture, working on a large landscape painting. Behind him is an artists' model, who is naked. All around Courbet are his friends and people from his village. His mother stands to one side of the picture. Another woman is sitting on the floor feeding her baby. A little boy watches the artist, while a white cat plays on the floor.

In 1855 Coubet took this picture, with "Burial at Ornan" and twelve other paintings to be shown in a big international exhibition in Paris called "Exposition Universelle". The two biggest paintings and another one were sent away because there was not enough room. Courbet was angry. He had his own building put up, and showed forty of his paintings. Many other artists praised Courbet, but some people laughed at him, and the public did not buy very many of his pictures. Because of what he had done, younger artists heard about him and admired him. These included James McNeill Whistler in the United States as well as Édouard Manet in France.

In 1857 Courbet showed six pictures in the Salon exhibition. One was a hunting scene and one was a picture of two prostitutes lying under a tree on the banks of the River Seine in Paris. Many people came to the exhibition. The hunting scenes were very popular for decorating the halls and dining rooms of large houses.

For the rest of his life, Courbet painted erotic pictures like the picture of the prostitutes, and also many more hunting scenes. His last erotic painting was called "The Origin of the World" and was a close-up painting of female genitals. This painting was not shown in a public exhibition until 1988. He also painted many landscapes, which he began by doing outdoor sketches, then made into large paintings in his studio. By the 1870s Courbet was thought of as one of the leading artists in France. The emperor offered to make Courbet a member of the Légion d'honneur which was the highest honour in France, but Courbet refused to accept it. He believed that he belonged to the poor and ordinary people, not to the high and mighty.

At this time, there were many political problems in France. Courbet became involved in the political problems. In 1871, he was blamed because a public monument called the Vendôme Column had been demolished. He was put in prison for six months. In 1873, the new government expected him to pay to have the monument restored and put back. He did not have enough money so left France to live in Switzerland. The government decided to make terms so that Courbet could pay for the column in yearly payments of 10,000 francs for 33 years. Courbet died at La Tour-de-Peilz, Switzerland, on 31 December 1877, one day before the first payment was due. He was 58 and died of liver disease, made worse by heavy drinking.




Paul Le Guen

Paul Le Guen (born 1 March 1964) is a former French football player. He has played for France national team.

478||23
478||23

!Total||17||0

Kohei Matsushita

61||2||3||0||0||0||64||2
61||2||3||0||0||0||64||2

Hideo Tanaka

Hideo Tanaka (born 1 March 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vissel Kobe.

129||12||8||0||16||0||153||12
129||12||8||0||16||0||153||12


Oswaldo de Oliveira

Oswaldo de Oliveira (born 5 December 1950) is a former Brazilian football manager.

Yasuki Ishidate

Yasuki Ishidate (born 24 September 1984) is a former Japanese football player. He played for Tochigi UVA.

69||8||3||0||0||0||72||8
69||8||3||0||0||0||72||8


Benoît Assou-Ekotto

Benoît Assou-Ekotto (born 24 March 1984) is a Cameroonian football player. He plays for Tottenham Hotspur and Cameroon national team.

66||0||||||||||7||0||73||0
46||0||2||0||7||0||8||0||63||0
112||0||2||0||7||0||15||0||136||0

!Total||5||0

Yuki Tazawa

Yuki Tazawa (born 16 July 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

36||13||0||0||0||0||36||13
36||13||0||0||0||0||36||13

Ibrahima Bakayoko

Ibrahima Bakayoko (born 31 December 1976) is a Côte d'Ivoire football player. He has played for Côte d'Ivoire national team.

!Total||39||22

Kazunori Hiraoka

Kazunori Hiraoka (born 27 July 1965) used to be a Japanese football manager.

Tadashige Teranishi

Tadashige Teranishi (25 April 1926 – 14 January 1999) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0
0||0

Tomotaka Fukagawa

Tomotaka Fukagawa (born 24 July 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

159||15||13||4||14||2||186||21
159||15||13||4||14||2||186||21

Akihiro Tabata

Akihiro Tabata (born 15 May 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

112||5||5||0||14||1||131||6
112||5||5||0||14||1||131||6

Mark Delaney

Mark Delaney (born 13 May 1976) is a former Welsh football player. He has played for Wales national team.

58||3
184||2
242||5

!Total||36||0

Ricardo Vaz Tê

Ricardo Vaz Tê (born 1 October 1986) is a Portuguese football player. He plays for Bolton Wanderers.

64||3||11||2||4||1||5||1||83||7
64||3||11||2||4||1||5||1||83||7

Naoki Kurimoto

Naoki Kurimoto (born 29 March 1950) is a former Japanese football player.

Craig Beattie

Craig Beattie (born 16 January 1984) is a Scottish football player. He plays for Swansea City.

50||13||4||0||4||2||6||1||64||16
64||10||4||0||6||3||colspan="2"|-||74||13
114||23||8||0||10||5||6||1||138||29

!Total||7||1

Masayuki Nomura

Masayuki Nomura (born 11 December 1966) is a Japanese football manager.

Minoru Takenaka

Minoru Takenaka (born 19 November 1976) is a Japanese football player.

35||20||0||0||35||20
35||20||0||0||35||20

Amauri

Amauri Carvalho de Oliveira (born 3 June 1980), known as Amauri, is an Italian former footballer who played as a striker.

Masaki Yanagawa

Masaki Yanagawa (born 1 May 1987) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Ventforet Kofu.

42||1||1||0||2||0||45||1
42||1||1||0||2||0||45||1


Yoshihiro Uchimura

Yoshihiro Uchimura (born 24 August 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Consadole Sapporo.

151||30||6||2||6||0||163||32
151||30||6||2||6||0||163||32


Yusuke Murayama

Yusuke Murayama (born 10 June 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Oita Trinita.

146||4||5||1||6||0||157||5
146||4||5||1||6||0||157||5


Naoya Tamura

Naoya Tamura (born 20 November 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vegalta Sendai.

74||4||4||0||78||4
74||4||4||0||78||4


Tomonobu Hayakawa

207||11||6||0||3||0||216||11
207||11||6||0||3||0||216||11

Takanori Nakajima

Takanori Nakajima (born 9 February 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Avispa Fukuoka.

187||2||10||0||4||0||201||2
187||2||10||0||4||0||201||2


Shu Abe

Shu Abe (born 7 June 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Avispa Fukuoka.

31||0||3||0||7||0||41||0
31||0||3||0||7||0||41||0


Takanobu Komiyama

Takanobu Komiyama (born 3 October 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kawasaki Frontale.

85||10||6||0||19||1||110||11
85||10||6||0||19||1||110||11


Dispute

A dispute/disagreement is a continuing disagreement carried on between two or more parties. The parties may be people, or they may be organisations or countries. Disputes can last a long time, and they can have serious results. Dispute may happen from controversy. Disputes may become conflicts or polemic. Disputes between individual people may lead to violence. Disputes between organisations may lead to legal action. Disputes between countries may lead to war.

Several factors make disputes more serious. Serious disputes may do a lot of damage to the people involved, and to their societies.

Disputes may last for long periods, and the longer they last, the more damage they may do. Where disputes involve religions, or hostile countries, they may last for more than a lifetime. Generations of children may be taught that their side is completely right, and the other wrong.

Disputes arise when there are conflicting needs, values or ideas. Differences of religion and culture are a common cause of disputes. Self-interest is a common cause of disputes between individuals.

A second factor is the use of books, newspapers, radio and television by each side to promote their side of the argument. This propaganda helps to continue and spread the dispute.

Laws may prevent freedom of speech, and prevent discussion in print or other media. This makes it difficult for either side to see merit in the other point of view. In turn, this makes it difficult for compromise or tolerance to dissolve the dispute.

The study of disputes and conflicts reached its peak during the Cold War. Then the West versus East conflict seemed to threaten world peace, and many ideas were put forward to use negotiation as a tool to calm the tension. Negotiation about the reduction of nuclear weapons was successful.

The tension was finally reduced by the unexpected end of the Soviet Union, and the withdrawal of Soviet troops from Eastern Europe. This was not achieved by negotiation. The reasons for the end of the Soviet Union are still being debated.

Professional help may be available. Between people, there are counsellors; between organisations there are specialists in conflict resolution; between countries there is the United Nations.

Some disputes do fade with the passage of time, though the time may be much longer than a human lifetime. Conflict between religions may fade only after centuries, and there is no known process of mediation.

All legal systems have provisions for making decisions in disputes. Usually the cases are based on claims about money, between individual people or between 'corporate entities'. These are companies or other organisations. Usually, the law can only be used if it can reach a decision based on evidence. Law textbooks list which disputes which may be addressed by law, and which can not.

Force has been used many times to enforce one side of the other to submit. Wars have been based on disputes, or disputes have been used as an excuse for wars. However, force has also been used to keep warring groups apart, and calm people down. Both the European Union and the United Nations have used peace-keeping forces in areas under violent dispute.

Education may be used to harden opinion and make a dispute worse, or it may be used to open people's minds to unpopular ideas. Education which helps people to think for themselves and keep an open mind is thought to reduce prejudice and conflict.

Democracy is one way of easing conflict within a country. It is not a perfect solution, for small groups may feel they are permanently excluded from power. Free speech and freedom from censorship exist to some extent in democracies. These freedoms are valuable to minority groups inside a country. Countries that have these freedoms are called open or liberal democracies.

Of course, there are many disputes between individual people, but disputes between large groups or nations are of very great importance.

Seating capacity

Seating capacity is the highest number of people who can sit in a specific space. This limit can be either from the amount of space available, or from a law saying how many people are allowed to be there at a time.

Seating capacity can be for different kinds of things. It can be the number of people who can fit in a vehicle, for example an automobile or an airplane. It can also be for a stadium. The largest sports building in the world, the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, has a permanent seating capacity of more than 257,000 people. Seats can be added on the field to raise that number to about 400,000.

Apotropaic magic

Apotropaism or apotropaic magic is the use of magic rituals against evil or harmful influences like the evil eye or "invidia", which was thought to cause injury or bad luck. This can be a long ritual, or it can take the form of simply wearing an amulet or other token, "against bad luck".

Possession Island, Queensland

Possession Island is a small island in the Torres Strait, near Cape York in far northern Queensland, Australia.

The island is called Bedanug or Bedhan Lag by the indigenous Australian people, the Kaurareg people. During his first voyage of discovery James Cook sailed north along the east coast of Australia, landing at Botany Bay. Reaching the tip of Queensland, he named and landed on Possession Island, just before sunset on Wednesday 22 August 1770. He said that the east coast was now British territory under the control of King George III.

He wrote in his journal:

In 2001, the Kaurareg successfully claimed native title rights over the island (and other nearby islands).

Possession Island is located at the centre of the Possession Island National Park. This park has an area of 5.10 km², and was made a protected area in 1977. It is looked after by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service.

Commelinaceae

The Commelinaceae is a family of 40 genera and over 600 species of monocotyledonous flowering herbs, distributed from Northern temperate to tropical climates.

Martin Gardner

Martin Gardner (October 21, 1914 – May 22, 2010) was an American writer. He had many interests, so he wrote about many topics. He wrote about mathematics, magic, literature, philosophy, skepticism, and religion. He wrote the "Mathematical Games" column in the "Scientific American" magazine from 1956 to 1981. After that, he wrote the "Notes of a Fringe Watcher" column in the "Skeptical Inquirer" magazine. He published over 70 books.

Gardner also sometimes wrote under pen names. As "Uriah Fuller" he wrote "Confessions of a Psychic". As "George Groth", he criticized his book, "The Whys of a Philosophical Scrivener".



Note: Gardner also wrote some books on magic for professional magicians. These books are not listed here.

Martin Gardner's columns from "Scientific American" are printed in 15 books. Don Knuth calls these books "the Canon".

Three other books print some or all of Martin Gardner's columns from Scientific American:


Holes (novel)

Holes is a novel written by Louis Sachar. It was published on August 20, 1998 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux, with cover art by Vladimir Radunsky. It won the Newbery Medal in 1999.

The novel is about Stanley Yelnats, a 15-year old boy who is sent by mistake to a camp for young criminals. At the camp, boys must dig 5 foot wide and 5 foot deep holes in a dried up lake in the middle of a hot desert. Stanley starts to have suspicions that the camp's warden is looking for something. This story is told alongside two others stories: one about Stanley's great-great-grandfather, and another about the area where the camp is located. These side stories include links to the present including some of the characters ancestors.

In 2003, Disney released a movie also titled "Holes" which was based on this novel. "Holes" was directed by Andrew Davis and written by the author of "Holes" himself, Louis Sachar. In 2006, Sachar also published a companion novel called "Small Steps", which is about two of the side characters from "Holes". The movie is currently found on Disney+.

Nuclear fuel

Nuclear fuel is a material that can be consumed to take over nuclear energy, by analogy to chemical fuel that is burned for energy. Nuclear fuels are the most dense sources of energy available. 

Most nuclear fuels contain heavy "fissile" elements which to undergo a nuclear fission chain reaction in a nuclear reactor. The most common nuclear fuels are uranium and plutonium but not all nuclear fuels are used in reactors. Some of them power radioisotope thermoelectric generators.


Manicure

A manicure is the act of beautifying one's hands or fingernails. Manicures can be done at home or by a professional in a nail salon.
During a manicure, the nail is filed with a nail file; the free edge of the nail is cut, the cuticle is treated, the person's hand is massaged and nail polish is put on.

5000 years ago, manicures were first used. Henna was used in India for manicure. The word mehendi, another word for henna, derives from the Sanskrit mehandika. Cixi, the Dowager Empress of China, had very long naturally-grown nails.


Dietitian

A dietitian or dietician is an expert in food and nutrition.
Dietitians help promote good health through proper eating. They often write custom diets for people.
In a medical setting they can give food supplements for those people who cannot get what they need because of swallowing problems.
Dietitians want to find, cook and serve tasty, attractive and healthy food to patients, their families and healthcare providers.

In many countries only people with specific degrees or certifications can call themselves dietitians. 
The term nutritionist is widely used as it is not controlled like the title dietitian, but the word nutritionist can be used without having the qualifications of registered dietitians.
A nutritionist is not a dietitian as he is not registered to a national board and does not have the same qualifications.
Dietitians are important in the medical multidisciplinary team because they are experts in nutrition and can give advice to doctors, nurses, and other health care workers.
Dietitians supervise the preparation and service of food, help in research, and teach people on how to eat well.

Mycology

Mycology is the study of fungi. This includes their genetics, their biochemical properties (the chemical processes in them), their classification, their use to humans and their dangers (poisonous or infectious). Fungi are a source of tinder (easily combustible material to light fires), medicines, food, and psychoactive substances. 
A biologist who studies mycology is called a mycologist. 

Mycology is closely related to phytopathology (the study of plant diseases), because most plant diseases are caused by fungi. 
Historically, mycology was a branch of botany (plant biology). Now fungi are thought to be more closely related to animals than to plants.

Fungi are fundamental (perhaps essential) for life on Earth. They are symbionts. They can break down complex organic biomolecules, and so they are a link in the global carbon cycle.


Andoni Iraola

Andoni Iraola (born 22 June 1982) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Athletic Bilbao and Spain national team.

278||30
278||30

!Total||4||0

Takeshi Saito

Takeshi Saito (born 6 May 1982) is a Japanese football player.

Doni (footballer)

Doniéber Alexander Marangon (born 22 October 1979) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Roma.

85||0||22||0||27||0||134||0
126||0||7||0||29||0||162||0
211||0||29||0||56||0||296||0

!Total||10||0


Luciano Spalletti

Luciano Spalletti (born 7 March 1959) is a former Italian football player who now coaches Russian football club Zenit from Saint-Petersburg.

Yoichi Kamimaru

Yoichi Kamimaru (born 30 June 1984) is a former Japanese football player.

11||0||2||0||13||0
11||0||2||0||13||0

Ryosuke Sasagaki

Ryosuke Sasagaki (born 13 January 1985) is a former Japanese football player.

8||0||2||0||10||0
8||0||2||0||10||0

Kengo Kawamata

Kawamata was born in Saijo on October 14, 1989. When he played for Komatsu High School, he also played for J2 League club Ehime FC in 2006. After graduating from the high school, he joined J1 League club Albirex Niigata in 2008. He played many matches from 2011. In 2012, he moved to J2 club Fagiano Okayama on loan. He scored 18 goals in the 2012 season. In 2013, he returned to Niigata. In 2013, he scored 23 goals and was selected J.League Best Eleven. In August 2014, he moved to Nagoya Grampus and played in 3 seasons. In 2017, he moved to Júbilo Iwata. Although he scored many goals until 2018, he could not play in the match in 2019 and Iwata was relegated to J2 end of the 2019 season. In 2020, he moved to J2 club JEF United Chiba.

On March 27, 2015, Kawamata debuted for the Japan national team against Tunisia. He played 9 games and scored 1 goals for Japan until 2018.

280||94||17||7||29||6||326||107
280||94||17||7||29||6||326||107

!Total||9||1

Tiko

Tiko (born 15 September 1976) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for the national football team of Spain.

253||28
253||28

!Total||1||0

Daniel Aranzubia

Daniel Aranzubia (born 18 September 1979) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Deportivo La Coruña.

242||0
242||0

!Total||1||0

Tatsuya Asanuma

Tatsuya Asanuma (born 13 July 1970) is a former Japanese football player.

33||4||3||1||6||0||42||5
33||4||3||1||6||0||42||5

Ippei Saga

Ippei Saga (born 20 May 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

34||1||4||1||0||0||38||2
34||1||4||1||0||0||38||2

Ryuhei Niwa

Ryuhei Niwa (born 13 January 1986) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sagan Tosu.

101||1||2||0||7||0||110||1
101||1||2||0||7||0||110||1

Kim Nam-il

Kim Nam-Il (born March 14, 1977) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

137||7||10||2||26||1||173||10
8||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||8||0
54||1||2||0||3||0||59||1
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
199||8||12||2||29||1||240||11

!Total||90||1

Srečko Katanec

Srečko Katanec (born 16 July 1963) is a former Slovenian football player. He played for Yugoslavia and Slovenia national team.

Partizan

VfB Stuttgart

Sampdoria

Takahiro Kuniyoshi

Takahiro Kuniyoshi (born 28 May 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Ventforet Kofu.

12||5||2||0||1||0||15||5
12||5||2||0||1||0||15||5


Kim Dong-jin

Kim Dong-Jin (born 29 January 1982) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

99||12||6||0||20||1||colspan="2"|-||125||13
68||3||4||0||colspan="2"|-||15||2||87||5
167||15||10||0||20||1||15||2||212||18

!Total||58||2

Keisuke Shimizu

Keisuke Shimizu (born 25 November 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Oita Trinita.

0||0||1||0||0||0||1||0
0||0||1||0||0||0||1||0


Tatsuya Ikeda

Tatsuya Ikeda (born 18 May 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Oita Trinita.

0||0||1||0||1||0||2||0
0||0||1||0||1||0||2||0


Kyohei Sugiura

1||0||1||0||0||0||2||0
1||0||1||0||0||0||2||0

Takafumi Mikuriya

Takafumi Mikuriya (born 11 May 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Thespa Kusatsu.

17||0||1||0||0||0||18||0
17||0||1||0||0||0||18||0


Webster-Hayne debate

The Webster-Hayne debate was a famous debate in the United States between Senator Daniel Webster of Massachusetts and Senator Robert Y. Hayne of South Carolina. It happened on January 19-27, 1830. It was about protectionist tariffs. The speeches between Webster and Hayne themselves were not planned. They had burst forth from arguments about a decision by Connecticut Senator Samuel Foote. Foote had temporarily stopped land surveying until land already on the market was sold. Webster's "Second Reply to Hayne" (1830) was widely seen as "the most eloquent speech ever delivered in Congress."

Webster described the US government as "made for the people, made by the people, and answerable to the people". This influenced Abraham Lincoln later. He spoke the words "government of the people, by the people, for the people" in his Gettysburg Address.

Point Hicks

Point Hicks, once called Cape Everard, is a coastal headland on the east coast of Victoria, Australia. It is now a part of the Croajingolong National Park.

Point Hicks is where, on 19 April 1770, the continent of Australia was first sighted by the men on Captain Cook's "Endeavour" voyage. Cook wrote that it was Lieutenant Zachary Hickes who first saw land, and Cook named the point after him. Hickes spelt his name with an "e", Cook wrote both "Hicks" and "Hickes" in different places. The spelling "Hicks" is now in use for the point.

When George Bass sailed past the area at the end of 1797 he did not locate the point. It did not appear on the charts Matthew Flinders made of their voyages, and the name fell into disuse.

The point came to be known as Cape Everard. The first use of that name is said to be by hydrographer John Lort Stokes who surveyed the coast in the "Beagle" in 1843. It is thought he named it after fellow naval officer John Everard Home, but his maps do not use the name.

The first map showing Cape Everard was by surveyor George Douglas Smythe, made in 1852 and published in 1853. If he thought of the name, he may have named it after William Everard, commissioner of crown lands.

The name Cape Everard was used until 1970. There has been doubt and arguments about exactly what Cook saw. The actual latitude and longitude he gave () is a location many miles out to sea.

Point Hicks was renamed as part of Cook's bicentenary. Victorian Premier Henry Bolte announced the new name in a ceremony at the point on 20 April 1970 (this was the 200th anniversary; Cook's 19 April was by nautical time, i.e. not adjusted for the International Date Line).

A lighthouse was built on the point in 1887/8 and started operation in 1890. It was built from concrete and with wooden lighthouse keepers houses. It was connected to mains electricity in 1965, and then to solar power recently. The keepers' cottages are today used as holiday houses. With 37 metres of height it is the tallest lighthouse on Australia's mainland. Its light is a double white flash every ten seconds, from a height of 56 metres above sea level.




Hobo spider

A Hobo Spider is a spider like funnel-web spiders. Their bite are not dangerous. It can be found in North America, Europe and Central Asia.

Fethullah Gülen

Muhammed Fethullah Gülen (born 27 April 1941), better known as Fethullah Gülen, is a Turkish preacher, author, educator and Muslim scholar. He lives in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania, United States. 

Gülen teaches a moderate version of Sunni / Hanafi Islam, derived from Said Nursi's teachings and modernizing them. Gülen condemns terrorism, supports communication between people of different religions, and has initiated dialogue with the Vatican and some Jewish organisations. Until 2013 he was an ally of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who later blamed him for the 2016 Turkish coup d'état attempt. He operates a worldwide organisation called the Gülen Movement also known as FETÖ.

Fethullah Gülen's attitude towards hijab has changed over time. In the past, Gülen, who regarded the unwinding of even a strand of women's hair as a great sin, suggested that women should cover their whole body by using veils and gloves. In his last speeches, Gülen evaluated the headscarf as a füruat (minor details).

Creationism: According to Gülen, the Universe is a work of creation that has a purpose, and the purpose of existence is to know Allah and science can gain value if it serves this purpose.

For him, to allow views opposed to belief in creation is a devastating delusion and evolution is a Darwin fallacy.

According to Gülene, the creation of Adam as the first human and Eve from Adam's file bone are miracle creations that should not be addressed in the context of cause-effect relationship.

He wrote his anti-evolutionary ideas in his book "The Truth of Creation and Evolution". This book was prepared by compiling his speeches at the meetings he held against Darwinism and evolution. In the book he states that biology science is a "fantasy" and that the greatest biology fantasy is the theory of evolution.

Thrace

Thrace (: "Thráke"; ; "Trakiya", ) is a historical and geographic area in Southeastern Europe. It was bounded by the Balkan Mountains on the north, the Rhodope Mountains and the Aegean Sea on the south, and by the Black Sea and the Sea of Marmara on the east. Thrace included areas that are now southeastern Bulgaria, northeastern Greece, and the European part of Turkey.

The Thracians were an ancient Indo-European people. They lived in Central, Western, and Southeastern Europe.

The indigenous population of Thrace was a people called the Thracians. They were divided into many tribal groups. Thracian troops were known to be used in the Persian army. Many of them went with neighbouring ruler Alexander the Great when he crossed the Hellespont (which is next to Thrace) during his invasion of the Persian Empire.

The Thracians were divided into separate tribes. They did not form a lasting political organization until the Odrysian state was founded in the 4th century BC. Like Illyrians, Thracian tribes of the mountainous regions had a warrior tradition. The tribes based in the plains were more peaceable. Recent funeral mounds in Bulgaria suggest that Thracian kings did rule regions of Thrace with distinct Thracian national identity.

Thrace was conquered by Alexander. It later regained its freedom. It was conquered after several attempts by the Romans in 46 AD, in the reign of Claudius. They became a province, and later four provinces, of the Roman Empire. Finally, as the Empire crumbled, Thrace suffered more than a thousand years of conflict and conquest by stronger forces. It never regained its independence.

The Thracians did not describe themselves as such and "Thrace" and "Thracians" are simply the names given them by the Greeks.

David Draiman

David Draiman (born March 13, 1973) is singer and founding member of the hard rock band Disturbed.





"Forsaken" (2002) – a song released on the Queen of the Damned soundtrack


Al Jackson Jr.

Alan "Al" Jackson, Jr. (November 27, 1935 - December 1, 1975) was an American jazz musician and drummer. He formed the funk and jazz group, Booker T. & the M.G.'s.

Jackson was born in Memphis, Tennessee in 1935. He played drums in recording sessions for many other musicians, including Otis Redding and Wilson Pickett. Booker T. & the MG's had several successful records including "Green Onions", "Hip Hug-Her", "Hang 'Em High" and "Time Is Tight".

Jackson was murdered at his home in 1975.

A few months before his death, he was attacked and wounded by his girlfriend and manager, Denise LaSalle.

Jackson was shot dead in his home at 3 am. His wife, who before this had shot him in the chest, said that a burglar came into their house, tied her up, and shot him when he came home. Police said that nothing had been taken from the house, and Jackson's wallet was still on his body. Official investigations ruled out robbery.

Police believe the person who shot Jackson was killed after a gun battle with police on July 15, 1976.

Tatsuyuki Tomiyama

Tatsuyuki Tomiyama (born 27 August 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gainare Tottori.

95||3||3||1||98||4
95||3||3||1||98||4


Takatoshi Matsumoto

Takatoshi Matsumoto (born 5 September 1983) is a Japanese football player.

66||1||2||0||0||0||68||1
66||1||2||0||0||0||68||1

Junya Kuno

23||4||1||1||1||0||25||5
23||4||1||1||1||0||25||5

Zesh Rehman

Zesh Rehman or Zeshan Rehman (born 14 October 1983) is a Pakistani former football player. He has played for Pakistan national team.

111||2||3||0||9||1||123||3
111||2||3||0||9||1||123||3

!Total||3||0

Hiroshi Ichihara

Hiroshi Ichihara (born 24 April 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sagan Tosu.

9||0||1||0||1||0||11||0
9||0||1||0||1||0||11||0

Kazuhiro Kawata

Kazuhiro Kawata (born 11 June 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Akita Cambiare.

52||5||6||0||4||0||62||5
52||5||6||0||4||0||62||5

Abdoulaye Méïté

Abdoulaye Méïté (born 6 October 1980) is an Ivorian former professional footballer. He represented Ivory Coast internationally and was awarded a total of 48 caps.

130||1||||||||||25||4||155||5
74||0||4||1||5||0||6||1||89||2
204||1||4||1||5||0||31||4||244||7

!Total||46||1

Marseille

Ivory Coast

Istanbul Park

Istanbul Park, also known as the Istanbul Racing Circuit or initially "Istanbul Otodrom", is a motor sports racetrack(a place where cars drive with each other to see who is fastest) in Akfırat County east of Istanbul, Turkey. It opened on 21 August 2005. It has been called "the best race track in the world" by Formula One(a type of sport) leader Bernie Ecclestone. The main use of the circuit (track) is the Formula One Turkish Grand Prix.

Istanbul Park is in Pendik district on the Asian side of Istanbul(a city). It is close to the TEM motorway (a highway), that connects Istanbul to Ankara, the capital of Turkey. It is near the new Sabiha Gökçen International Airport(a place where planes(stuff that can fly) fly to and from). It is in an area with a lot of trees and fields.

The track is long, and has an average width of . The main straight is over in length. The track has 14 corners. 

Istanbul Park were designed by the racetrack architect Hermann Tilke. It can hold 155,000 people to watch a race. The main grandstand(a place where people sit) has seats for 25,000 people. 

The track does have some critics(people who do not like it). After qualifying(a thing in Formula One, which is a type of sport), Jenson Button(a person who is doing Formula One, a sport) said the track was too bumpy. Jarno Trulli(also a person doing Formula One, a sport) did not think the track as hard enough to challenge(making it hard for people) the drivers.

Designer - Hermann Tilke <br>
Capacity - 26,250 permanent covered seats, 125,000 temporary seats <br>
Building Area - 220 hectare (10,000 square metres) <br>
Race Track Area - 8 hectare (10,000 square metres) 

The main race at Istanbul Park is the Formula One Turkish Grand Prix. The track also hosts the GP2 series, and the Turkish motorcycle Grand Prix.

The track has also hosted FIA World Touring Car Championship, Formula-G, Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters (DTM) and the Le Mans Series 1,000 km race.

The track is included in the 2008 video game(a thing where people can play against each other and make as if it is real life), from Codemasters, as well as in the 2008 PC simulator GTR Evolution by SimBin.


Raphael Botti

Raphael Jose Botti (born 23 February 1981) is a former Brazilian football player.



David Jarolím

David Jarolím (; born 17 May 1979 in Čáslav) is a Czech former footballer and manager of Ústí nad Labem.

12||1
252||17
264||18

Bayern Munich

Hamburger SV


Tomoki Ikemoto

99||38||2||1||1||0||102||39
99||38||2||1||1||0||102||39

Noriyuki Sakemoto

Noriyuki Sakemoto (born 8 September 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Cerezo Osaka.

126||8||14||0||9||0||149||8
126||8||14||0||9||0||149||8


Shogo Tokihisa

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Kota Fujimoto

Kota Fujimoto (born 2 April 1986) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Cerezo Osaka.

80||10||4||0||4||0||88||10
80||10||4||0||4||0||88||10


Masaru Matsuhashi

Masaru Matsuhashi (born 22 March 1985) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Ventforet Kofu.

30||5||3||0||9||0||42||5
30||5||3||0||9||0||42||5


Mu Kanazaki

Kanazaki was born in Tsu on February 16, 1989. After graduating from Takigawa Daini High School, he joined J1 League club Oita Trinita in 2007. He played many matches as offensive midfielder from first season. Oita won the champions in the 2008 J.League Cup with young players, Shusaku Nishikawa, Masato Morishige and Hiroshi Kiyotake. Kanazaki was also selected "New Hero award". However Oita was relegated to J2 League end of 2009 season and Oita released their main players including Kanazaki due to their financial problems. Kanazaki moved to Nagoya Grampus in 2010. Nagoya won the champions in 2010 season and the 2nd place in 2011 season. In January 2013, he moved to German Bundesliga club Nürnberg. In summer 2013, he moved to Portuguese Segunda Liga club Portimonense. In February 2015, he moved to J1 club Kashima Antlers on loan. He played many matches as forward. Although he returned to Portimonense in January 2016, he moved to Kashima after a month. Kashima won the J1 champions in 2016 and the 2nd place in 2017. In July 2018, he moved to Sagan Tosu. In March 2020, he re-joined Nagoya Grampus.

In January 2009, Kanazaki was selected the Japan national team for 2011 Asian Cup qualification. At this qualification, he debuted against Yemen on January 20. He played 11 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2017.

324||70||19||7||35||8||26||12||404||97
4||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||4||0
49||16||6||1||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||55||17
377||86||25||8||35||8||26||12||463||114

!Total||11||2

Human penis size

Human penis size is talked about by length and circumference of penis. It is longer than in other primates except for the chimpanzee. The chimpanzee's penis is about the same length. 

The average human erect penis is about in length, the circumference is about . There is no scientific relation between either penis size or race, and shoe size or stretched penis size. At birth the penis is between , at the beginning of puberty, it is 6 cm. Penis size does not change much during adulthood.
A review about penis size was published in 2015 by Veale et al. This review analyzes many studies which published in past 30 years.
By this review the average length of soft(not erect) penis is 9.16 cm, stretched soft penis length is 13.24 cm, erect penis length is 13.12 cm. And the average circumference of soft penis is 9.31 cm and erect penis is 11.66 cm.

In these studies erect penis length is measured from the root of the penis to the tip of the glans along the upper side of the penis. The fat pad at the root of the penis is pushed to the pubic bone. The circumference of the penis is measured at the base or mid-shaft of the penis.


Widespread private concerns have led to a number of folklore sayings and popular culture reflections related to penis size. There is belief that it is possible to predict the size of someone's penis by observing other bodily features such as the hands, feet, nose or height. The media has equated a man's penis size with both power and masculinity. The perception of having a large penis is linked to higher self-esteem.

Many men exaggerate the importance of deep vaginal penetration in stimulating a woman to orgasm. 
The most sensitive area of the female genitals includes the vulva, clitoris, and the section of vagina closest to the outside of a woman's body (G-spot). The vagina is roughly in length. The majority of penises are likely of sufficient length to fully satisfy their partners.

Some women find stimulation of the cervix by penis as uncomfortable or painful, others report it to be key to orgasm. The cervix may be confused with the deepest point of the vagina, above and below the cervix, respectively making it possible for there to be indirect and/or simultaneous stimulation between them. During arousal, the vagina lengthens rapidly to an average of about 10 centimetres, but can continue to lengthen in response to pressure. The walls of the vagina are composed of soft elastic folds of mucous membrane skin which stretch or contract (with support from pelvic muscles) to the size of the penis. With proper arousal, the vagina stretches or contracts to accommodate virtually any size penis, from small to large.

Ancient Romans admired the large penis of Priapus. Ancient Greek art was not obsessed with penis size. A passage from Aristophanes lists broad shoulders, tiny tongue, strong buttocks, and a little penis as the most desirable masculine features. In medieval Arabic literature, a longer penis was preferred, but Afro-Arab author Al-Jahiz wrote: "If the length of the penis were a sign of honor, then the mule would belong to the (honorable tribe of) Quraysh".

An adult penis with an erect length of less than , but otherwise formed normally, is referred to as having the micropenis condition. Some of the causes are deficiency of pituitary growth hormone and/or gonadotropins, mild degrees of androgen insensitivity, a variety of genetic syndromes, and variations in certain homeobox genes. Some types of micropenis can be addressed with growth hormone or testosterone treatment in early childhood. About 0.6% of males are in the micropenis condition.


Shun Nagasawa

Shun Nagasawa (born 25 August 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Shimizu S-Pulse.

6||0||5||1||2||0||13||1
6||0||5||1||2||0||13||1


Scantron

Scantron is a company from Eagan, Minnesota, USA, that makes and sells machine-readable papers on which students mark answers to test questions, the machines to check those answers, survey and test scoring systems, systems for school attendance (with a mark meaning a missing student) and image-based data collection software and scanners.

A Scantron test scoring system is a multiple-choice, fill-in-the-bubble form. It can have different length and width, from one column, 15-answer tests, to several 8.5×11-inch pages used in standardized testing, such as the SAT and the ACT.

Students often use Scantrons on finals, midterms, standardized tests, such as the SAT and ACT, etc. Students fill in the appropriate bubble corresponding to their answer. Scantrons are then fed through a machine that grades them. The Scantron is a very progressive form of grading. It eliminates human error on the grader's behalf, and takes much less time. 

The technology of this system dates back to the nineteenth century using optical mark recognition, telegraph lines, and punch tape. Students ranging from elementary school through college know how to use these forms. However, Learner Response Systems are becoming more popular in the college setting and may soon make scantrons a thing of the past.



Kara (South Korean group)

Kara (; ; often stylized in all caps) was a South Korean girl group. Its members were Gyuri, Seungyeon, Hara and Youngji. They debuted through the M.net M! Countdown in 2007 and belong to DSP Media. Kara means sweet melody and adds 'CHARA' in Greek, a feeling to want to give joy through music is put. From 2010, they began activity in Japan. They appeared on NHK Red and White Singing Contest in 2011 (第62回NHK紅白歌合戦). They had a big concert at TOKYO DOME on January 6, 2013. In 2014, Jiyoung and Nicole left and were replaced by Heo Youngji, who was selected via a reality show made to give Kara a new member. The contracts with Gyuri, Seungyeon and Hara expired and they decided not to renew their contracts, resulting in Kara's breakup.

In 2022, 5 members of Kara reunited to release a new album called "Move Again".

Current members

Former members
Korean studio albums

Japanese studio albums

Compilation albums

Box sets


Reissues



Jerry West

Jerry West (born May 28, 1938) is a former American basketball player. He is thought to be one of the best guards who ever played in the NBA. He played from 1960 to 1974, all with the Los Angeles Lakers. He wore number 44, which was retired by the Lakers. He had scored the most points in a Laker jersey before Kobe Bryant ended his record in 2010. He is the model for the NBA logo. After playing, he was a coach and general manager for the Lakers. He was also the general manager of the Memphis Grizzlies and organized golf tournaments. He was originally from West Virginia. His most famous nicknames are "The Logo", "Mr. Clutch", "Zeke from Cabin Creek" and "The Rover".

Notes

Noida

Noida () also known as New Okhla Industrial Development Authority is newly emerged and one of the most important city of Uttar Pradesh. The name has been essentially derived from New Okhla Industrial Area (Noida). It is at the border of Uttar Pradesh and New Delhi. It comes under the Delhi-NCR region. With many IT Parks growing, it is one of the major contributor for Uttar Pradesh state revenue. The city is comparatively new, it started developing in early1980s. It now has all major facilities including hospitals, schools, shopping malls, markets, offices, active police force, well maintained roads and well built residential areas. Noida's connectivity to Delhi was improved by Delhi-Noida Direct Flyway or DND which was completed by 2001. By 2009, Noida was connected to New Delhi via metro lines which made the commute for locals much easier.

Mahesh Sharma is the present Lok Sabha MP of Gautam Buddha Nagar and Pankaj Singh is the present MLA of Noida.

Akira Kajiwara

Akira Kajiwara (born 4 June 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for V-Varen Nagasaki.

21||0||4||0||0||0||25||0
21||0||4||0||0||0||25||0

Carlos Diogo

Carlos Diogo (born 18 July 1983) is an Uruguayan football player. He has played for Uruguay national team.

90||3
11||1
72||4
173||8

!Total||22||0

Taku Ishihara

Taku Ishihara (born 3 October 1988) is a former Japanese football player.

1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0


Fumiya Yamamoto

Fumiya Yamamoto (born 12 July 1988) is a Japanese football player.

14||3||1||0||0||0||15||3
14||3||1||0||0||0||15||3

GMA Network

GMA Network is the leading television network in the Philippines in Quezon City. It was started in the 1950s by Robert Larue Stewart.


Ken Yorii

Ken Yorii (born 26 April 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sagawa Express Chugoku.

12||1||0||0||0||0||12||1
12||1||0||0||0||0||12||1

Tsubasa Oshima

Tsubasa Oshima (born 9 December 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Matsumoto Yamaga.

26||2||2||0||0||0||28||2
26||2||2||0||0||0||28||2


Gai Assulin

Gai Assulin (; born 9 April 1991) is an Israeli football player. He has played for Israel national team.

0||0||1||0||0||0||1||0
0||0||1||0||0||0||1||0

!Total||1||0

Serginho Baiano

Elisérgio da Silva (born 5 January 1978), commonly known as Serginho Baiano, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a left winger.

Iñaki Lafuente

Iñaki Lafuente (born 24 January 1976) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Numancia Soria.

203||0
203||0

Claudio Biaggio

Claudio Biaggio (born 2 July 1967) is a former Argentine football player and current manager. He has played for Argentina national team.

San Lorenzo

Ferro Carril Sud

Shota Kimura

Shota Kimura (born 17 October 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Matsumoto Yamaga.

33||5||5||1||0||0||38||6
33||5||5||1||0||0||38||6


Martín Vilallonga

Martín Vilallonga (born 7 October 1970) is a former Argentine football player.

7||0||0||0||2||2||9||2
7||0||0||0||2||2||9||2

Eisei Tomioka

Eisei Tomioka (born 1 July 1984) is a former Japanese football player.

12||1||0||0||0||0||12||1
13||0||||||||||13||0
25||1||0||0||0||0||25||1

Eduardo Bustos Montoya

Eduardo Bustos Montoya (born 3 October 1976) is a former Argentine football player.

Montoya has played for a number of clubs in Argentina, most notably Rosario Central where he was part of the squad that won the Copa CONMEBOL in 1995.

Bustos Montoya has played for a number of clubs outside Argentina, including Feyenoord in the Netherlands, Atlas of Mexico, Avispa Fukuoka of Japan, 12 de Octubre of Paraguay and Levadiakos of Greece.

28||9||2||0||3||0||33||9
28||9||2||0||3||0||33||9

Daishiro Miyazaki

Daishiro Miyazaki (born 21 April 1983) is a former Japanese football player.

46||4||3||1||49||5
46||4||3||1||49||5

Patrick Müller

Patrick Müller (born 17 December 1976) is a Swiss football player. He has played for Switzerland national team.

180||5
161||3
6||0
247||8

!Total||81||3

Ulrich Ramé

Ulrich Ramé (born 19 September 1972) is a French football player. He plays for Girondins Bordeaux.

465||0
465||0

!Total||11||0

David Jemmali

David Jemmali (born 13 December 1974) is a Tunisian football player. He has played for Tunisia national team.

316||5
316||5

!Total||10||0

Chickpea

The chickpea "(Cicer arietinum)" is a yellow edible legume (bean). It can be used for cooking. The peas can be bought canned or dried. It was one of the earliest fruits to be grown. The first chickpea was grown in the Middle East about 7,500 years ago. 

The most popular place for chickpeas to grow is in Pakistan. In 2008, nearly 6 million tonnes of chickpeas were produced there. Because the growth is so popular there, it is also known as the Indian pea. 

Chickpeas contain a great deal of protein, zinc and folic acid. They can be an important part of a vegetarian or vegan diet, since they come from a plant. 

The dried bean is boiled and served whole or mashed, such as in the popular dish hummus. Chickpeas are ground into a flour, called "besan" or "gram" flour, used in South Asian cooking.

Philippe Christanval

Philippe Christanval (born 31 August 1978) is a former French football player. He has played for France national team.

121||1
31||0
36||1
187||2

!Total||5||0

Hexameter

Hexameter is a metrical line of verse. It is usually made of six parts, called feet. It is the standard verse form used in Ancient Greek and Latin literature. The Iliad and Aeneid use it, and so do Ovid's Metamorphoses. English poetry rarely uses hexameter.

The meter consists of lines made from six ("hex") feet. In strict dactylic hexameter, each of these feet would be a dactyl, but classical meter allows for the substitution of a spondee (two long syllables) in place of a dactyl in most positions. Specifically, the first four feet can either be dactyls or spondees more or less freely. The fifth foot is frequently a dactyl (around 95% of the time in Homer). 

Because of the strong pause at the end of the line, it is traditionally regarded as a spondee. Thus the dactylic line most normally looks as follows:

As in all classical verse forms, the last syllable can actually be short or long.

Viktor Orbán

Viktor Orbán (31 May 1963) is a Hungarian politician who has served as the Prime Minister of Hungary for three non-consecutive terms since 1998. He is the founder and leader of the ruling right-wing party, Fidesz.

Orbán was born on May 31, 1963, in Székesfehérvár, Hungary. He studied law at Eötvös Loránd University in Budapest and became involved in politics in the 1980s, when he helped found Fidesz, a youth organization that later evolved into a political party.

Orbán first served as Prime Minister from 1998 to 2002, during which time he implemented a series of economic and social reforms that helped to stabilize Hungary's economy and modernize its infrastructure. He was reelected in 2010 and has since been reelected twice, in 2014 and 2018.

As Prime Minister, Orbán has pursued a populist, nationalist agenda that has been controversial both domestically and internationally. He has been criticized for his crackdown on civil society, media freedom, and academic independence, as well as his handling of the refugee crisis and his opposition to the European Union.

Orbán's government has been accused of corruption and of using its power to undermine democratic institutions and the rule of law. His efforts to centralize power and weaken the judiciary and the media have drawn criticism from the European Union and human rights organizations.

Despite these criticisms, Orbán remains popular among his supporters, who credit him with improving Hungary's economy and promoting its national interests. He has been successful in mobilizing a loyal base of supporters and has built a reputation as a strong, decisive leader.

Orbán's vision for Hungary is based on what he has described as "illiberal democracy," a model of governance that emphasizes national sovereignty, traditional values, and economic self-sufficiency. He has argued that this model is better suited to the challenges of the 21st century than traditional liberal democracy, which he sees as outdated and unsustainable.

Orbán's legacy as a leader is a matter of debate. While he has been credited with bringing stability and prosperity to Hungary, his authoritarian tendencies and controversial policies have raised concerns about the future of democracy and human rights in the country.

Viktor Orbán is a Hungarian politician who has been the country's Prime Minister since 2010. He was born on May 31, 1963, in Székesfehérvár, Hungary, and grew up in a middle-class family. Orbán showed an early interest in politics and was a member of various student organizations during his high school years. He went on to study law at Eötvös Loránd University in Budapest, where he became involved in anti-communist activism and co-founded the Federation of Young Democrats, a liberal youth organization. After graduation, Orbán began his political career and was first elected to parliament in 1990, following the fall of communism in Hungary.

Viktor Orbán's early political career was defined by his role in the Hungarian democratic opposition and his leadership of the Federation of Young Democrats. In 1988, he was a key figure in organizing a demonstration in Budapest that called for free elections and greater political freedoms. He was first elected to parliament in 1990 and quickly rose through the ranks of the Hungarian Democratic Forum, serving as the party's chairman from 1993 to 2000. Orbán became Prime Minister of Hungary in 1998, following a landslide victory for his conservative Fidesz party. During his first term in office, Orbán pursued a program of economic liberalization and introduced a series of reforms aimed at modernizing Hungary's political and economic institutions.

During his first premiership from 1998 to 2002, Viktor Orbán pursued a pro-market economic policy, implemented tax cuts and privatization measures, and oversaw an increase in foreign investment in Hungary. However, his administration was criticized for its lack of transparency, and Orbán faced accusations of nepotism and corruption. Orbán also pursued a controversial media policy, introducing laws that restricted press freedom and gave the government more control over public media. His administration was also marked by tensions with neighboring countries, particularly Slovakia and Romania, over issues related to Hungarian minority rights. In the 2002 election, Orbán's party was defeated by the Hungarian Socialist Party, and he subsequently went into opposition.

Following his defeat in the 2002 election, Viktor Orbán became the leader of the opposition in the Hungarian parliament. During this period, he worked to reshape his party's image and ideology, moving it away from its previous liberal stance and towards a more conservative, nationalist platform. Orbán also focused on building a stronger party organization and cultivating ties with conservative and populist movements in Europe and the United States. His opposition to the Hungarian Socialist Party government and its austerity measures helped him to regain popularity with voters, and his party won a decisive victory in the 2010 election, returning him to the position of Prime Minister. During his time as opposition leader, Orbán continued to advocate for pro-market economic policies and criticized the government's handling of issues related to national identity and minority rights.

Viktor Orbán began his second term as Prime Minister of Hungary in 2010, following his party's landslide victory in the general election. During his second premiership, Orbán pursued a program of far-reaching constitutional and institutional reforms, which drew criticism from both domestic and international observers. His government implemented a new constitution, which was widely criticized for limiting the power of the judiciary, undermining the independence of the media, and restricting the rights of minorities. Orbán's government also introduced controversial laws regulating media ownership and limiting political advertising. Despite criticism from the European Union and other international bodies, Orbán's Fidesz party remained popular among Hungarian voters, winning a two-thirds majority in the 2014 parliamentary election.

Viktor Orbán is known for his populist and nationalist political views, which prioritize Hungarian interests and emphasize traditional values. His policies have been controversial both domestically and internationally, with critics accusing him of eroding democratic institutions and human rights. Orbán has also been criticized for his government's handling of the refugee crisis and for its perceived authoritarian tendencies. Nevertheless, Orbán remains popular among many Hungarians, who see him as a strong leader who is willing to stand up to foreign influence. His policies have also influenced other populist movements in Europe and beyond, making him a prominent figure on the international stage.

Viktor Orbán was born on May 31, 1963, in Székesfehérvár, Hungary. He is married to lawyer and economist Anikó Lévai, and the couple has five children. Orbán is a devout Catholic and has been active in promoting traditional family values and Christian identity in Hungary. He is also a sports enthusiast, and he played basketball for the Hungarian national team in his youth. Orbán's personal life has been relatively private, and he has not spoken extensively about his hobbies or personal interests.

Vetus Latina

Vetus Latina is the name given to a collection of Biblical texts that were translated into Latin before the Vulgate became the standard version used in the Latin-speaking world. The texts themselves are written in Late Latin, not in Old Latin. They often use different words than the Vulgate. No complete manuscript survives, only fragments are known. Many text passages are known because Church fathers such as Augustine of Hippo cited from them. 

Since the Council of Trent, held in the 16th century, the Vulgate is the official Bible translation for the Roman Catholic Church. 

Some of the Vetus Latin texts survives in the Liturgy, however:
The Old Latin text means, "Glory [belongs] to God among the high, and peace [belongs] to men of good will on earth". The Vulgate text means "Glory [belongs] to God among the most high and peace among men of good will on earth".

Probably the best known difference between the Old Latin and the Vulgate is in the Pater Noster, where the phrase from the Vetus Latina, "quotidianum panem", "daily bread", becomes "supersubstantialem panem", "supersubstantial bread" in the Vulgate.

J. C. Bailey

Joseph Carl Bailey, Jr. (August 23, 1983 – August 30, 2010) was an American professional wrestler. He was better known as J. C. Bailey. He has wrestled for numerous American-based professional wrestling promotions, including Combat Zone Wrestling , IWA Mid-South and IWA East Coast. He has been known as a hardcore wrestler.

Bailey made his debut in 2001. In June 2003, along with the owner of the promotion IWA Mid-South Ian Rotten and Corporal Robinson, he "invaded" CZW on behalf of IWA Mid-South. In the same year, he competed in the 2nd CZW Tournament of Death where he lost to Nick Mondo in a deathmatch involving light tubes, and the 5th IWA Mid-South King of the Deathmatch where he lost to Mad Man Pondo after defeating 2 Tuff Tony, Necro Butcher and Ian Rotten.

In 2004, he competed in the 3rd CZW Tournament of Death where he lost to Wifebeater after defeating Chri$ Ca$h, and the 6th IWA Mid-South King of the Deathmatch where he lost to Mad Man Pondo and Toby Klein.

Since then, he competed in many deathmatch tournaments including the 4th CZW Tournament of Death, 7th IWA Mid-South King of the Deathmatch, 8th IWA Mid-South King of the Deathmatch, 5th CZW Tournament of Death and 6.5th CZW Tournament of Death titled "Fast Forward".

On December 11, 2004, he teamed with Chri$ Ca$h, Nate Webb and Sexxxy Eddy, winning the CZW World Tag Team Championship.

On February 5, 2005, he became the first-ever CZW Ultraviolent Underground Champion. On August 13, 2005, he won his second CZW Ultraviolent Underground Championship.

On August 20, 2006, he went to Japan and competed in the professional wrestling tournament WRESTLE EXPO 2006 where he lost to 2 Tuff Tony after defeating Mad Man Pondo. On September 16, 2006, he competed in the 1st IWA East Coast Masters of Pain where he lost to Jun Kasai after defeating 2 Tuff Tony and Corporal Robinson.

In 2007, Bailey was arrested for stealing a television set from a Bardstown, Kentucky Walmart. He made his official return to CZW in early 2010.

On August 30, 2010, Bailey was found dead. He died in his sleep. Before he died, Bailey complained that he had been getting headaches and numbness in his hands. The cause of his death was later determined to be because of a brain aneurysm that was caused by complications from multiple concussions and traumas to his brain. His brain is expected to be donated for research at Boston University.


Historical rankings of presidents of the United States

Historians (and sometimes political scientists) are surveyed and asked to give presidents of the United States number ratings on their overall performance or on different aspects of their leadership.

Several different factors are considered in deciding what makes one a good or bad president. These include their character, their vision for the country, their relations with congress, their relations with foreign leaders (diplomacy), how they managed the economy, how they managed the military, and their overall political skill.

To make sure the rankings are fair, many surveys equally balance the opinions of Democrats and Republicans.

It is sometimes difficult to accurately rank a president because all of the presidents faced completely different challenges.

Historical opinions of U.S. presidents may change over time. For example, Harry S. Truman had very low approval ratings after he left office, but many historians now consider him among some the greatest presidents.

The following presidents are usually ranked highly:

Some presidents have mixed ratings. For example, Andrew Jackson stood for the common man, but was criticized for implementing the Trail of Tears. Ulysses S. Grant is thought to be a bad leader since he had corruption surrounding him, but he helped African-Americans to have more rights in the Reconstruction Era.

Examples of presidents with mixed opinions include:











Reconstruction era

The Reconstruction was after the American Civil War. It was the remaking of the Southern United States, after it had lost its war of rebellion and slavery was ended. The southern states were occupied territory. Andrew Johnson became President of the U.S. after the assassination of Abraham Lincoln in 1865. He wanted to make it easy to restore local rule in the previously rebellious states, and he permitted some of them to hold elections in 1865. Former leaders of the Confederate States of America who ran as Democrats were elected to Congress, and states passed laws that denied rights to former slaves.

Many members of the Republican Party wanted stricter terms before local rule was returned to the South. After the Republicans won a large majority of the Congressional seats in the 1866 elections, they refused to let former Confederate leaders take seats in the United States Congress. The Republicans passed laws that former leaders of the rebellion were temporarily denied suffrage, the right to hold office or vote in elections. Three new amendments to the U.S. Constitution were passed that ended slavery, made former slaves citizens, and gave them the right to vote. Some newly freed black slaves won elected offices. Many Northern carpetbaggers also went to the occupied territories to lead the people. Some became rich.

Many white people in the Southern United States resisted allowing former slaves to have equal rights and to vote. The Ku Klux Klan was formed to force black people out of political and economic power. After Reconstruction ended in 1877, white people in the South used their regained political rights to pass Jim Crow Laws. These laws enforced segregation (keeping blacks and whites separate) and took the vote away from African Americans whose parents or grandparents were slaves. After Reconstruction, white Southerners voted mostly for the Democratic Party for about 80 years.


Lena Meyer-Landrut

Lena Meyer-Landrut (born 23 May 1991 in Hanover) is a German singer. She won the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with the song "Satellite". After publishing her first Album "My Cassette Player" she used the stage name Lena.

Lena Meyer-Landrut grew up in Hanover. She was the only child of her parents. When she was two years old, her father deserted the family. Moreover, she has got political relatives.

She absolved the school with the diploma from German secondary school qualifying for university admission in 2010. She began to study African cultures and philosophy in 2011.

Before becoming famous she danced ballet and jazz. 2007 she founded her first school band "Stenorette 2080" and got the first experiences of singing. Thus she wrote her first songs.

2009 Meyer-Landrut applied for the German contest Unser Star für Oslo, the preliminary decision of the Eurovision Song Contest. She reached the final decision and won the contest with her own song "Satellite". The song entered the first position and sold over 100,000 downloads in its first week. So it became Germany's fastest selling digital release ever. Lena followed her success and won also the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 and became famous all over the world. Her album "My Cassette Player" and her single "Satellite" were sold in many Europe countries. One year later she tried to defend her victory and competed against other singers of the Eurovision Song Contest 2011. There she reached the 10th position with the song "Taken by a Stranger".

In April 2011 Meyer-Landrut absolvated her first tour (Lena Live Tour 2011). The locations were nine cities: Berlin, Hanover, Frankfurt, Dortmund, Hamburg, Leipzig, Munich, Stuttgart and Cologne. She presented 21 songs taken from her albums "My Cassette Player" and "Good News". About 75,000 visitors came to all her concerts. Moreover, she had three opening acts. The Concert in Frankfurt was recorded because of a DVD. It was released in 9. May 2011 and is called "Good News – Live DVD"

On 24 May, Meyer-Landrut performed as part of the interval act during the second semi-finals of the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan. She was joined by the last five Eurovision winners from 2007 to 2011 which included Marija Šerifović, Dima Bilan, Alexander Rybak, and Ell & Nikki, performing a medley of their winning song entries and a rendition of classic "Waterloo".

During the year she announced the work on a new album based on her own songs and collaborations with other artists like Miss Li and Johnny McDaid. On 21 September the single "Stardust" was released as first single from her new album Stardust, which followed on 12 October. Both single and album debuted at No.2 on the German Album and the German Single charts and certified finally for Gold 

Since October 2012 she is performing the theme song in the opening credits of "Sesamstraße", the German version of "Sesame Street". and took part on the children carity album "Giraffenaffen" with the song "Sjörövar Fabbe" ("Seeräuber-Opa Fabian").

In March "Neon" was released as the second single from the album Stardust. The single version is a dance remix that is different from the version previously released on the album.

On ECHO Award 2013, Meyer-Landrut was twice nominated (winning "Best National Video" for "Stardust") and part of the show program with her single "Neon".

In April 2013, Lena went on her second tour through clubs in thirteen German cities. The last concert was streamed live on the Internet. The tour title "No One Can Catch Us Tour" was derived from lyrics of the song Stardust.

The third single from "Stardust" Mr. Arrow Key was released immediately after the tour. The video is based on tour impressions of artist, band and fans.

Since April 2013 Lena Meyer-Landrut is one of the three coaches of the newly created casting show The Voice Kids. It's the children's version of The Voice of Germeny and aired in April/May. The other two coaches are Tim Bendzko and Henning Wehland.

During Eurovision Song Contest 2013 Lena Meyer-Landrut was jury president and spokesperson of the German jury and presented the German voting results at the Grande Finale on May 18.

She is the German voice of Jane in the motion capture animated film Tarzan 3D. She also continued her engagement for the charity "Giraffenaffen" in several audiobooks.

In June she appered in a viral commercial for a shower head ("Doosh") invented by her former mentor Stefan Raab. The soundtrack of the commercial, "Revolution" by Raabs band "Dicks on Fire" featuring Lena Meyer-Landrut, was later released as Music download in October.

Since autum 2013 she is testimonial for several cosmetics products of L'Oréal.

In March 2014 she continued her coaching work for "The Voice Kids" 

Early 2014 she also announced starting principal work on her 4th studio album, including continued work with Israeli-American singer-songwriter Rosi Golan who already wrote the song "Stardust".




Troodontidae

Troodontidae is a family of bird-like theropod dinosaurs. They were found mainly in Mongolia, China and North America. The first specimen, just a single tooth, was found in central Montana in 1855 by Ferdinand Hayden.

For a long time, troodontid fossils were few and scrappy. Recently more complete specimens have been found. There are now complete and articulated specimens, including feathers, eggs and embryos, and complete juveniles. In 1994 a fossil of an adult "Troodon" was found sitting on a nest with eight eggs.

Anatomical studies of the most primitive troodontids, like "Sinovenator", demonstrate striking similarities with "Archaeopteryx" and primitive dromaeosaurids. This proves they are relatives: they are a clade called Paraves. 

The family have relatively large brains, a skull with many air pockets, a retractable second toe claw (it could be pulled in) and many teeth. The number of teeth ranges from 96 in "Saurornithoides mongoliensis" to 120 in the "Troodon".


Sinovenator

Sinovenator is a small troodontid dinosaur, about the size of a chicken. It is from the early Cretaceous period, 128.2 million years ago. Two fossils were found in the older (lower) portion of the Yixian Formation in China. It was part of the Jehol biota.

The type specimen of "Sinovenator changii" was described in 2002. The specimen is a partial skull and disarticulated skeleton. A second specimen has connected bones, but lacks the skull. Both are in the collection of the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology in Beijing, China. 

"Sinovenator" was a basal troodontid. It shares features with the most primitive dromaeosaurids and Avialae. This shows the common descent of these three members of the Paraves. 

Paraves

Paraves is a branch-based clade containing birds (clade Aves) and other closely related dinosaurs. The paravians include the Avialae, such as "Archaeopteryx", and the Deinonychosauria, which includes the dromaeosaurids and troodontids.

The name Paraves was coined by Paul Sereno in 1997. The clade was defined by Sereno in 1998 as a branch-based clade containing all Maniraptora closer to modern birds than to "Oviraptor".

The work of Xu and colleagues provide examples of basal and early paravians with four wings, including members of the Avialae ("Pedopenna"), Dromaeosauridae ("Microraptor"), and Troodontidae ("Anchiornis").

The cladogram presented below follows a study by Zhang and colleagues.

Stan (dinosaur)

Stan is the nickname given to a fossil of the dinosaur species "Tyrannosaurus rex". It was found in Hell Creek Formation, South Dakota, close to Buffalo in 1987 by Stan Sacrison, who also discovered the "Tyrannosaurus" specimen nicknamed "Duffy". The original specimen is housed at the Black Hills Institute of Geological Research. 

It is a well known specimen, and one of the most complete, with 199 bones recovered. About 30 casts of the original fossil has been sold worldwide, each for a price of about $100 000. Stan measures 10.9 metres long.


Treponema pallidum

Treponema pallidum is a parasitic spirochaete bacterium. There are different kinds of "Treponema pallidum", which cause diseases like syphilis, bejel, pinta and yaws.

The most common disease caused by "Treponema pallidum" is syphilis, a serious sexually transmitted infection. 

Syphilis is treated and cured by taking antibiotics. Usually, the first treatment used is penicillin. Antibiotic resistance has developed to a number of agents. Ceftriaxone, a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic, may be as effective as penicillin-based treatment.

Pennicilin is still effective, but "the potential of this spirochete to develop additional antibiotic resistance could seriously compromise syphilis treatment and control".

Persuasion (novel)

Persuasion is Jane Austen's last finished novel.

"Persuasion" is the story of a second chance of lost love. Anne Elliot is the second daughter of Sir Walter Elliot, a proud and foolish baronet. Sir Walter Elliot is a widower with no son, so his land will go to a cousin, William Elliot. Eight years before the story begins, Anne had been engaged to a young naval officer, Frederick Wentworth. However, her mother's friend Lady Russell persuaded her to break off the engagement because he had no fortune. Sadly, she had done so, and Wentworth had angrily left her. Austen writes: "She had been forced into prudence in her youth, she learned romance as she grew older–the natural sequel (following) of an unnatural beginning." Later, Cassandra Austen wrote beside it in her copy of "Persuasion", "Dear, dear Jane! This deserves to be written in letters of gold." Eight years later, her younger sister Mary has married a neighbor, Charles Musgrove. Anne is growing older, her family does not care about her, and she greatly regrets breaking off the engagement.

Sir Walter is forced to stop spending so much money. Therefore, he decides to let his house to Admiral Croft and move to Bath for a while. Anne goes to stay with Mary. Anne discovers that Mrs. Croft, Admiral Croft's wife, is Captain Wentworth's sister. He is introduced to the Musgrove family. He has made much money, and is now a very desirable husband. When he and Anne meet, Anne feels deeply unhappy. He does not seem to care any more about her. He flirts with the two Musgrove sisters. Most people think that he will marry one of them.

They all go to visit Lyme Regis, where Wentworth's friend Captain Harville is staying. Captain Harville had been mourning for his sister, who died young, and comforting Captain Benwick, who had been engaged to marry her. In Lyme, Louisa Musgrove falls from the Cobb while playing with Captain Wentworth on the steps and is seriously injured. Captain Wentworth feels very guilty, and realizes everyone thinks he will marry her if she becomes well again.

Anne joins her father and sister in Bath. They are both being flattered by a widow, Mrs. Clay, the daughter of their family lawyer. William Elliot joins the family. Lady Russell encourages his attentions to Anne, but Anne feels unsure about him. Suddenly, news comes that Louisa is better, and that she and Benwick are engaged.

Wentworth appears in Bath, and becomes jealous of Mr. Elliot. Wentworth believes that Anne and Mr. Elliot are engaged to be married. However, Anne did not answer Mr. Elliot's marriage proposal. She later learns from an old friend, Mrs. Smith, that Mr. Elliot is a bad person. Mr. Elliot is afraid that Sir Walter and Mrs. Clay will have a son, who would then inherit Sir Walter's land. Mr. Elliot wants to marry Anne because he is attracted to her, but also make Mrs. Clay his mistress. Anne is shocked by this news.

Anne and Captain Harville talk about love, and whether women or men love for a longer time. After hearing them talk about this, Wentworth writes a letter to Anne. He tells Anne that he still loves her, and asks her to marry him again. She joyously says yes.


Praetorian Guard

The Praetorian Guard was a force of bodyguards used by Roman Emperors. The title was first used for the guards of generals in the Roman Republic. Their commander, the Praetorian Prefect, was often an important figure in the political planning in Rome. The Guard was stopped and disbanded by Emperor Constantine I in the fourth century AD.

The term "Praetorian" derived from the tent of the commanding general or praetor of a Roman army in the field, known as the "praetorium". It was a habit of many Roman generals to choose from the ranks a private force of soldiers to act as guards of their person. This elite group of Roman citizens consisted of both infantry and cavalry. In time, this cohort came to be known as the "cohors praetoria", and various notable figures had one of those guard groups, including Julius Caesar, Mark Antony and Augustus (Octavian). 

As Caesar discovered with the 10th Legion "Equestris", a powerful mounted unit was desirable in the field. When Augustus became the first ruler of the Roman Empire in 27 BC, he decided such a formation was useful not only on the battlefield but in politics also. Thus, from the ranks of the legions throughout the provinces, Augustus recruited the Praetorian Guard. 

Through the cunning of their ambitious prefect, Sejanus, the Guard was brought from their Italian barracks into Rome itself. In AD 23, Sejanus convinced Tiberius to have the Praetorian fort built just outside Rome. One of the cohorts held the daily guard at the imperial palace. Henceforth the entire Guard was at the disposal of the emperors, but the rulers were now equally at the mercy of the Praetorians. The reality of this was seen in AD 31 when Tiberius was forced to rely upon his own "cohors praetoria" against partisans of Sejanus. Although the Praetorian Guard proved faithful to the aging Tiberius, their potential political power had been made clear.

While campaigning, the Praetorians were the equal of any formation in the Roman Army. Seldom used in the early reigns, they were quite active by AD 69. Under Domitian and Trajan, the guard took part in wars from Dacia to Mesopotamia, while with Marcus Aurelius, years were spent on the Danube frontier. Throughout the 3rd century, the Praetorians assisted the emperors in various campaigns.

The relationship between the Guard and their Emperor was always sensitive. Bribing the Guard was a common theme in Imperial history. Sejanus almost took over the running of the Empire, before Tiberius overcame, and later executed, him. A number of Roman Emperors were murdered or otherwise deposed by the Guard, or with their knowledge. The first was Caligula. 

Claudio Pizarro

Claudio Pizarro (born 3 October 1978) is a Peruvian football player. He has played for the Peruvian national team.

85||36||||||||||||||85||36
256||117||37||20||colspan="2"|-||66||29||359||166
21||2||3||0||4||0||3||0||31||2
362||155||40||20||4||0||69||29||475||204

!Total||55||13

Edílson José da Silva

Edílson José da Silva (born 8 December 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.

Individual

Dragan Đukanović

Dragan Đukanović (born 29 October 1969) is a former Serbian football player.

15||1||0||0||0||0||15||1
15||1||0||0||0||0||15||1

Petri Pasanen

Petri Pasanen (born 24 September 1980) is a Finnish football player. He plays for F.C. Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga and the Finland national team.
He plays as central defender but also can play left or right back.
He started with Kuusysi Lahti and soon raised the interest of European top teams. In 2000 he went to Ajax Amsterdam and became a regular player in the first squad. In August 2001 he broke his leg and missed most of the 2001/02 season. After his injury he came back to the team. With Ajax he reached the quarterfinals of the UEFA Champions League in the 2003/04 season. During the second half of the 2003/04 season he was on loan at English club Portsmouth in the Premier League. Portsmouth manager Harry Redknapp was interested in buing Pasanen at the end of the season, but the price was to high. So Pasanen signed with SV Werder Bremen in the German Bundesliga. After the end of his contract on 30 June 2011 he left Werder Bremen and signed for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He became a regular player from the beginning.

Pasanen is also a regular for the Finland national team. He made his international debut on 15 November 2000 against the Republic of Ireland. Pasanen has mostly played at right back for Finland, and has also served as the national team's captain, when Sami Hyypiä and Jari Litmanen have not played.

Pasanen has also played in Finland national futsal team, where he has six caps and two goals.

Ajax

Werder Bremen

79||2
59||7
11||0
101||3
250||12

!Total||57||0

Tsuyoshi Yoshitake

Tsuyoshi Yoshitake (born 8 September 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Crystal Palace Baltimore.

138||10||12||4||1||0||151||14
26||6||3||2||colspan="2"|-||29||8
164||16||15||6||1||0||180||22

Caçapa

Cláudio Roberto da Silva (born 29 May 1976), commonly known as Cláudio Caçapa or simply Caçapa (), is a Brazilian football coach and former player who played as a central defender. He currently is the head coach of Belgian Pro League club RWD Molenbeek.

61||2
125||7
25||1
211||10

!Total||3||0

Anthony Réveillère

Anthony Réveillère (born 10 November 1979) is a French football player. He plays for Olympique Lyonnais.

301||4
18||2
319||6

!Total||5||0

Sébastien Squillaci

Sébastien Squillaci (born 11 August 1980) is a French football player. He plays for Sevilla and France national team.

254||21
33||0
287||21

!Total||18||0

Julien Faubert

Julien Faubert (born 1 August 1983) is a French-Martiniquais football player. He plays for West Ham United.

142||13||||||||||142||13
27||0||3||0||2||0||32||0
2||0||||||||||2||0
171||13||3||0||2||0||176||13

!Total||1||1

Henrik Pedersen

Henrik Pedersen (born 10 June 1975) is a former Danish football player. He played as a striker for Silkeborg IF, Bolton Wanderers and Hull City and played three games for Denmark national team.

149||74
164||26
313||100

!Total||3||0

Jonílson

Jonilson Clovis Nascimento Breves or Jonilson (born 28 November 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.

80||0
42||0
122||0

Willian (footballer, born 1983)

Willian Xavier Barbosa, known simply as Willian, (born 22 September 1983) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Botafogo (SP).

David Kaufman (actor)

David Kaufman (born July 23, 1961) is an American voice actor. He is best known as the voice of Danny Phantom on the series of the same name.

Leonardo Moreira

Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira (born 4 February 1986) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Tochigi.

84||23||8||0||92||23
84||23||8||0||92||23


Yasuharu Kurata

Kurata was born in Fujieda on February 1, 1963. After graduating from University of Tsukuba, he joined Japan Soccer League club Honda in 1986. He played 77 matches and scored 5 goals for the club. In 1991, he moved to Yomiuri and played in 1 season. The club won 1991 JSL Cup and 1991/92 Japan Soccer League. He retired in 1992.

In September 1986, Kurata was selected the Japan national team for 1986 Asian Games. At this competition, on September 20, he debuted against Nepal. In 1987, he played at 1988 Summer Olympics qualification. He played 6 games for Japan until 1987.

In 1989, Kurata selected Japan national futsal team for 1989 Futsal World Championship in Netherlands.

After retirement, Kurata started coaching career at Avispa Fukuoka in 1995. He mainly served as an assistant coach until 2006. In 2007, he moved to Vissel Kobe. In 2010, he moved to J2 League club FC Gifu and became a manager. In 2012, he moved to China and signed with Dalian Aerbin. In 2014, he became a manager at the club. He returned to Japan in 2015 and he became a manager for J2 club Tochigi SC in July and managed the club until end of 2015 season. In 2021, he signed with J3 League club Fujieda MYFC.

79||5||9||2||12||4||100||11
79||5||9||2||12||4||100||11

!Total||6||0

Yosuke Saito

Yōsuke Saito (born 7 April 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Yokohama F. Marinos.

12||0||1||0||5||1||18||1
12||0||1||0||5||1||18||1


Non-penetrative sex

Non-penetrative sex is a form of sexual activity which does not involve penetration of the vagina, anus, or mouth, unlike doing penetration in sex. 
Medical professionals accept the term of non-penetrative sex. It is a way to practice safer sex and of birth control as bodily fluids are not exchanged between partners. The form of sex is practised between partners who do not feel ready, are not physically able, cannot or simply do not want to have socially appropriate penetrative sex, but still wish to do a sexual act.



Masakazu Tashiro

5||0||0||0||5||0||10||0
5||0||0||0||5||0||10||0

Ariajasuru Hasegawa

31||1||6||0||11||1||48||2
31||1||6||0||11||1||48||2


Greatest common divisor

The greatest common divisor (gcd) or highest common factor (HCF) of two integers "x" and "y", usually written as formula_1, is the greatest (largest) number that divides both of the integers evenly. GCDs are useful in simplifying fractions to the lowest terms. Euclid came up with the idea of GCDs.

The GCD of any two positive integers can be defined as a recursive function: formula_2

In fact, this is the basis of Euclidean algorithm, which uses repeated long division in order to find the greatest common factor of two numbers.

The GCD of 20 and 12 is 4, since 4 times 5 equals 20 and 4 times 3 equals 12. And since 3 and 5 have no common factor, their GCD is 1.

As another example, the GCD of 81 and 21 is 3.


The Penguins of Madagascar

The Penguins of Madagascar is an American computer-animated television series. It was produced by DreamWorks Animation and Nickelodeon. It stars nine characters from DreamWorks' animated movie "Madagascar". The characters include the penguins Skipper (voiced by Tom McGrath), Rico (John DiMaggio), Kowalski (Jeff Bennett) and Private (James Patrick Stuart), the lemurs King Julien (Danny Jacobs), Maurice (Kevin Michael Richardson) and Mort (Andy Richter) as well as Mason (Conrad Vernon) and Phil the chimpanzees. Characters new to the series include Marlene the otter (Nicole Sullivan) and a zookeeper named Alice (Mary Scheer). 

This is the first Nicktoon produced with DreamWorks Animation. The series was executive-produced by Bob Schooley and Mark McCorkle. They were the creators of the animated series "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" and Disney Channel's "Kim Possible".


Season 1

Season 2

Season 3

Some of the original movie actors were not available to play their roles again. Chris Miller, who had voiced Kowalski, is replaced by Jeff Bennett, Christopher Knights is replaced by James Patrick Stuart as the voice of Private, Danny Jacobs takes over from Sacha Baron Cohen as the voice of King Julien, and Cedric the Entertainer's character, Maurice, is replaced by Kevin Michael Richardson.


Power of two

In mathematics, a power of two is any number which is an integer power of two. Powers of two are important in binary just as powers of ten (like 1, 10, 100, etc.) are important in decimal. The numbers one less than powers of two are called Mersenne numbers.

Piecewise function

In mathematics, a piecewise function is a function that is defined using multiple rules. Each rule specifies the function values for a portion of the domain, and the rules are conjoined together using the formula_1 symbol. For example, there might be a function which gives formula_2 when formula_3, and formula_4 when formula_5.

The absolute value function, floor function and step function are some common functions which are usually defined piecewise.


Elgin Marbles

The Elgin Marbles or Parthenon Marbles are a series of ancient Greek sculptures of relief made from marble. They were originally part of the Parthenon temple in Athens but they were taken by Thomas Bruce, 7th Earl of Elgin in the early 1800s. 

Many people, including the Greek government, have argued that Elgin stole the marbles and did not take them legally. They are on display in the British Museum. The Greek government asked to have them back many times. In 2014 UNESCO offered to mediate but the museum declined. 
In Britain, the acquisition of the collection was supported by some, while others, such as Lord Byron, likened Elgin's actions to vandalism or looting. A UK parliamentary inquiry in 1816 decided that Elgin had got the marbles legally. Elgin sold them to the British government in that year, after which they passed into the trusteeship of the British Museum.

Mockumentary

A mockumentary is a movie that pretends to be a documentary. It pretends to tell a true story, but is really a work of fiction. The word is a combination (a portmanteau word) of "mock" (meaning fake or false) and "documentary". 


Waiting for Guffman

Waiting for Guffman is a musical mockumentary movie made in 1997. It was directed by Christopher Guest, who also stars in the movie. The movie is set in the small town of Blaine, Missouri, which is not a real town. The town decides to perform a musical called "Red, White and Blaine" to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the town, and invites a famous theater critic named to see it, hoping that he will make the play famous.

The name of the movie is a reference to the play "Waiting for Godot" by Samuel Beckett. In that play, the two main characters are waiting for a man named Godot, who never shows up. In "Waiting for" , never shows up, either.URL

Abundant number

An abundant number is a number formula_1 for which its sum of divisors is greater than formula_2. 12 is an abundant number because formula_3.
18 is also an abundant number because formula_4. The series is in the Online Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences (Sloane) as . 945 is the first odd abundant number.

If a number is not abundant, it is called either deficient or perfect.
List of the first 90 abundant numbers:

Ant mill

An ant mill is a small group of army ants away from the other ants. They lose the pheromone track and begin to follow each other, making a spinning circle. This circle is also known as a "death spiral" because the ants will eventually die of exhaustion. People can make this happen easily. This is a side effect of the self organizing structure of ant colonies. Each ant only knows to follow the ant in front of it. This will work until something goes wrong and an ant mill forms. An ant mill was first seen by William Beebe who saw a mill 1,200 feet in circumference. It took each ant 2.5 hours to go around.

Acanthomyops

Acanthomyops is a genus of ant in the family "Formicidae". It has the following species:


Acanthomyops latipes

Acanthomyops latipes is a species of ant in the family Formicidae. It is endemic to North America.


Felipe de Almeida Gomes

Felipe de Almeida Gomes (born 5 January 1988) is a Brazilian football player.

5||7||0||0||5||7
5||7||0||0||5||7

Leandro (footballer, born August 1987)

Leandro Teixeira Dantas (born 17 August 1987) is a Brazilian football player.

Enílton

Enílton Menezes de Miranda (born 11 October 1977) is a Brazilian football player.

54||17
92||30
0||0
11||0
157||47

Lady-in-waiting

A lady-in-waiting (also called waiting maid) is a female personal helper at a noble court. A lady in waiting would be in charge of waking, dressing and accompanying a lady in her daily activities She helps a queen, a princess, or other noblewoman. A lady-in-waiting is often a noblewoman of a lower rank than the one she attends. She is not thought to be a servant. Their duties are different depending on the court. People with artistic talents were usually chosen. In Russia, girls between "fourteen or twenty ["sic"]" were chosen, and left the court when she married. People like Anne Boleyn, Jane Seymour, Catherine Howard, and Catherine Parr were all ladies-in-waiting.

The Countess of Valentinois (Lady-in-waiting to the French-Italian Countess of Provence)

Leandro Euzébio

Leandro da Fonseca Euzébio (born 18 August 1981) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Fluminense.

58||3||3||0||6||0||67||3
58||3||3||0||6||0||67||3

Paulo Nunes

Paulo Nunes (born 30 October 1971) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

164||49
5||2
169||51

!Total||2||0

Shizuo Takada

Shizuo Takada (born 5 August 1947) is a former Japanese football player and referee.

Medical microbiology

Medical microbiology, also known as ‘’’clinical microbiology’’’, is the study of microbes, such as bacteria, viruses, fungi and parasites, which cause human illness and their role in the disease.

The microbes and the branch of microbiology are the most studied due to their great importance to medicine.

Medical microbiology studies development and progress of the infectious disease in a patient and in human population (epidemiology). It is related to the study of disease pathology and immunology. It is a branch of medicine and microbiology and includes five sciences: bacteriology, virology, parasitology, immunology and mycology.

In 1546, Girolamo Fracastoro proposed that epidemic diseases were caused by transferable seed like entities through direct, indirect contact and contact over long distances with an infection.

Louis Pasteur and Robert Koch are the founders of medical microbiology. Louis Pasteur is famous for his experiments when he disproved the theory of spontaneous generation. He offered method for food preservation (pasteurization) and vaccines against anthrax, fowl cholera and rabies. Robert Koch contributed to the germ theory of disease, provided that specific diseases were caused by specific microbes. He developed criteria known as the Koch's postulates and was among first to isolate bacteria in pure culture resulting in his description of several bacteria including "Mycobacterium tuberculosis", the causative agent of tuberculosis.


A medical microbiologist is a specialist in medical (clinical) microbiology.

He provides clinical consultations on the investigation, diagnosis, and treatment of patients suffering from infectious diseases. He establishes and directs infection control programs across public health care, infectious disease prevention and epidemiology.

He provides the scientific and administrative direction of a clinical microbiology laboratory. Such laboratory receives almost any clinical specimen, including swabs, feces, urine, blood, sputum, cerebrospinal fluid, synovial fluid, possible infected tissue. The work here is mainly concerned with cultures, to look for suspected pathogens which, if found, are identified based on biochemical tests. In addition, sensitivity testing is carried out to determine whether the pathogen is sensitive or resistant to a suggested medicine. Results are reported with the identified organism(s) and the type and amount of drug(s) that should be prescribed for the patient.

Medical microbiologist is also involved in teaching at all levels, and in research. It provided the development of vaccines against invading organisms. Deadly and debilitating diseases such as small pox, polio, and tuberculosis have been either eradicated or become more treatable.
There are claims that consuming probiotics (bacteria potentially beneficial to the digestive system) and/or prebiotics (substances consumed to promote the growth of probiotic microorganisms) contributes to human health. Microorganisms could be useful in the treatment of cancer. Strains of non-pathogenic clostridia can infiltrate and replicate within solid tumors, deliver therapeutic proteins.

Ranieli Jose Cechinato

Ranieli Jose Cechinato (born 19 December 1970) is a former Brazilian football player.

1||0||1||0||0||0||2||0
1||0||1||0||0||0||2||0

Marcos Aurélio (footballer, born 1977)

Marco Aurélio Fernandes da Silva (born 23 September 1977) is a former Brazilian football player.

Koichiro Nagatomo

Koichiro Nagatomo (born 7 December 1982) is a former Japanese football player.

2||0||0||0||0||0||2||0
2||0||0||0||0||0||2||0

Noritomo Harada

Noritomo Harada (born 14 July 1984) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0

Keisuke Shuto

Keisuke Shuto (born 5 October 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Honda Lock.

59||26||4||1||63||27
59||26||4||1||63||27

Daisuke Nitta

Daisuke Nitta (born 11 May 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

1||0||0||0||1||0||2||0
1||0||0||0||1||0||2||0

Masashi Uramoto

Masashi Uramoto (born 11 October 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Ismaïl Aissati

Ismaïl Aissati (born 16 August 1988) is a Dutch former football player.

PSV

Ajax

Denizlispor

Netherlands U21

Joe Bizera

Joe Émerson Bizera Bastos (born 17 May 1980 in Artigas) is a Uruguayan former football player, who last played for Liverpool Montevideo.

120||11
35||0
16||2
10||0
0||0
181||13

!Total||23||1

Jaroslav Plašil

Jaroslav Plašil (; born 5 January 1982) is a Czech former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.

Notes

Monaco

Bordeaux

Otto Rehhagel

Otto Rehhagel (; born 9 August 1938) is a German former football coach and player. 

Rehhagel is one of two people to have played in more than 1,000 Bundesliga matches as a player and coach (the other being Jupp Heynckes). In the Bundesliga, he holds the records for most wins (387), most draws (205) and most losses (228), with his team scoring more goals (1,473) and conceding goals (1,142) than any other team. From 1981 to 1995 he worked as manager for Werder Bremen, winning the Bundesliga twice with them and the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1992. After a rather unfortunate intermezzo at Bayern Munich, he sensationally won the Bundesliga with promoted team 1. FC Kaiserslautern.

Born in Altenessen, Rehhagel began his career with local club TuS Helene Altenessen in 1948, then transferred to Rot-Weiss Essen (1960–63) and then played the Bundesliga at Hertha BSC (1963–65) until 1972 for Kaiserslautern. He played 201 games in the Bundesliga.







Omar Bravo

Omar Bravo Tordecillas (born 4 March 1980) is a Mexican former professional footballer who played as a striker. He is Guadalajara's all-time leading scorer.

228||93
9||1
237||94

!Total||63||15

Neoclassicism

Neoclassicism is the name given to movements in the arts that draw upon Western classical art and culture (usually that of Ancient Greece or Ancient Rome). Traditionally, Classicism is about the art made in antiquity (very long ago, in ancient times) or later art inspired by that of antiquity. But Neoclassicism is always about the art made later but inspired by antiquity. So, Classicism and Neoclassicism are often used together. It often means clearness, elegance, harmony, and rest made by careful attention to traditional forms.

Examples of Neoclassicism in architecture include the White House and Neue Wache.


Atsushi Kimura

Atsushi Kimura (born 1 May 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gamba Osaka.

0||0||1||0||0||0||1||0
0||0||1||0||0||0||1||0


Yusuke Shimada

Yusuke Shimada (born 19 January 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Tokushima Vortis.

207||28||18||1||5||0||230||29
207||28||18||1||5||0||230||29


Robert Todd Lincoln

Robert Todd Lincoln (August 1, 1843 – July 26, 1926) was an American lawyer and Secretary of War. He was the first son of President Abraham Lincoln and his wife, Mary Todd Lincoln. Born in Springfield, Illinois, United States, he was the only one of Lincoln's four sons to live to be an adult. He was a bright lawyer, and mostly served railroad interests. He was (1897–1911) president of the Pullman Company. He was quiet and shy. Because of this, he never tried to be a president, but he was minister to Great Britain (1889–93). Most of his last 20 years were spent at Hildene, his estate near Manchester, Vermont.

Lincoln did not have a very close relationship with his father. This was partly because Abraham Lincoln often spent months away from home. Robert would later say his clearest memory of his father was when he was packing for a trip to Illinois. Abraham Lincoln was proud of Robert. He thought Robert was clever. Though they were not close, Robert respected and loved his father. He wept openly at his deathbed.

Following his father's assassination, in April 1865, Robert Lincoln moved with his mother and his brother Tad to Chicago, where Robert completed his law studies at the Old University of Chicago (a school different from but later assumed by the university presently known by that name). He was admitted to the bar on February 25, 1867.

Lincoln was also present during the assassinations of James A. Garfield and William McKinley. He is the only man to have been present in the area where three US Presidents were assassinated.

On September 24, 1868, Robert Lincoln married Mary Eunice Harlan (September 25, 1846 – March 31, 1937). They had two daughters and one son. The last person who was directly related to Lincoln was Robert's grandson "Bud" Beckwith. He died in 1985.


Kazuki Sakurada

Kazuki Sakurada (born 1 August 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Thespa Kusatsu.

153||4||7||1||160||5
153||4||7||1||160||5


Kazuto Tsuyuki

19||0||0||0||0||0||19||0
19||0||0||0||0||0||19||0

Tom Starke

Tom Peter Starke (born 18 March 1981) is a German former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played for six German Bundesliga clubs throughout his career that lasted for 18 seasons.

Sejanus

Sejanus (Lucius Aelius Seianus 20 BC – October 18, AD 31), was an ambitious soldier, friend and confidant of the Roman Emperor Tiberius. An equestrian by birth, Sejanus rose to power as Praetorian Prefect. He commanded the Roman imperial bodyguard, the Praetorian Guard, from AD 14 until his death in 31.

After the Praetorian Guard was established under Augustus, Sejanus introduced reforms which saw the unit go from a mere bodyguard to an influential branch of the government. It controlled public security, and influenced civil administration. Most important of all, it influenced the succession of emperors: all needed the goodwill and support of the Guard. These changes would have a lasting impact on the Empire.

During the 20s, Sejanus gradually accumulated power by influencing Tiberius and eliminating potential political opponents, including the emperor's son, Drusus. When Tiberius withdrew to Capri in 26, Sejanus was left in control of the entire state mechanism as "de facto" ruler of the empire. For a time the most influential and feared citizen of Rome, Sejanus suddenly fell from power in 31, the year his career culminated with the consulship. Amidst suspicions of conspiracy against Tiberius, Sejanus was arrested and executed, along with his followers.

In 29 Sejanus began a series of purge trials of senators and rich equestrians in the city, removing those capable of opposing his power, adding to the imperial (and his own) treasury. Networks of spies and informers brought the victims to trial with false accusations of treason, and many chose suicide over the disgrace of being condemned and executed. Only Caligula, the last remaining son of Germanicus, managed to survive the purges of Sejanus. He had moved to Capri to be with Tiberius in 31.

Through years of crafty intrigues and indispensable service to the emperor, Sejanus had worked himself up to become the most powerful man in the empire. Exactly what caused his sudden downfall is unclear: According to Josephus, it was Antonia, the mother of Livilla, who finally alerted Tiberius to the growing threat Sejanus posed. She sent a letter to Capri in the care of her freedman Pallas.

By the end of 31, he would be arrested, summarily executed. His body unceremoniously cast down the Gemonian stairs, which were a flight of steps in the ancient city of Rome. Nicknamed the Stairs of Mourning, they are infamous in Roman history as a place of execution. 

It was done like this. Tiberius resigned his post of Consul, which forced Sejanus to do likewise. This removed much of Sejanus' legal powers and protection. Another man, Macro, was appointed as Praetorian Prefect. Sejanus was summoned to a meeting of the Senate, where a letter from Tiberius was read condemning Sejanus and ordering his immediate execution. 
Following an issue of "damnatio memoriae" by the Senate, his statues were torn down and his name obliterated from public records. Although Rome at first rejoiced at the death of Sejanus, the city quickly plunged into more extensive trials, as Tiberius relentlessly persecuted all those who could in any way be tied to the schemes of Sejanus or had courted his friendship. This included all the children of Sejanus.

Je ne sais quoi (song)

Je Ne Sais Quoi is a song by Hera Björk from Iceland. She sang it in Eurovision Song Contest 2010. Je Ne Sais Quoi is French, and it means "I don't know what". The song got to 19th place.

Hera Björk

Hera Björk Þórhallsdóttir (born 29 March 1972 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic singer. She sang "Je Ne Sais Quoi" in Eurovision Song Contest 2010.

Ovo je Balkan

Ovo je Balkan (, "This is Balkan") is a song by Serbian Milan Stanković. He sang it at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010. It got to 13 place with 72 points.


Milan Stanković

Milan Stanković (Serbian: Милан Станковић), born September 9, 1987 Yugoslavia (today's Serbia), in the Belgrade city. He sang the song "Ovo je Balkan" in Eurovision Song Contest 2010. He got to the final where he placed 13th out of 25 entries scoring 72 points.

Toni Kroos

Toni Kroos (born 4 January 1990) is a German football player. He plays for Real Madrid and the Germany national team.

Bayern Munich

Real Madrid

Germany

Individual

Al Jolson

Al Jolson (May 26, 1886 – October 23, 1950) was a Lithuanian-American Jewish singer, comedian, actor, and vaudevillian. His career lasted from 1911 until his death in 1950. He was called "the world's greatest entertainer”. 

His singing style was "sentimental [and] melodramatic". This style made many songs popular. Jolson influenced many famous singers. Some of these singers were Bing Crosby Judy Garland, rock and country entertainer Jerry Lee Lewis, and Bob Dylan. Dylan said Jolson was "somebody whose life I can feel".

Jolson was America's most famous and highest paid entertainer in the 1930s. Jolson sang and acted in the first (full length) talking movie, "The Jazz Singer" in 1927. He starred in many other musical movies in the 1930s. A movie about Jolson's life, "The Jolson Story", won Oscars in 1946. Larry Parks played Jolson, but Jolson sang the songs himself. A sequel, "Jolson Sings Again," was released in 1949, and was nominated for three Oscars. After the attack on Pearl Harbor, Jolson became the first star to entertain troops overseas during World War II. Again in 1950 became the first star to perform for GIs in Korea. He did 42 shows in 16 days.

He sometimes performed in blackface makeup. This was a theatrical convention in the mid-19th century. With his unique and dynamic style of singing black music, like jazz and blues, he was later credited with single-handedly introducing African-American music to white audiences. As early as 1911 he became known for fighting against anti-black discrimination on Broadway. Jolson's well-known theatrics and his promotion of equality on Broadway helped pave the way for many black performers, playwrights, and songwriters, including Cab Calloway, Louis Armstrong, Duke Ellington, Fats Waller, and Ethel Waters.




Holger Badstuber

Holger Badstuber (born 12 March 1989) is a German football player. He plays for FC Bayern Munich and Germany national team.

Bayern Munich

Germany

Zhytomyr

Zhytomyr () is a city in Ukraine, the administrative center of Zhytomyr Oblast. Nearly 271 000 people live here ().

Zhytomyr is a big transportation center. The city lies on a historic way that connects the city of Kyiv with the west through Brest. Today it connects Warsaw with Kyiv, Minsk with Izmail, and several major cities of Ukraine. Zhytomyr was also the location of Ozerne, an important Cold War strategic plane base that was situated southeast of the city.

Zhytomyr is divided into two districts. It is located on the Teteriv River.

As a legend says, Zhytomyr was founded about 884 by Zhytomyr, prince of a Slavic tribe of Drevlians. This date, 884, is cut in the large stone of the ice age times, that stands on the hill where it was founded.

 

Media center

The term media center refers either to a dedicated computer appliance or to a specialized application software designed to run on standard personal computer hardware which then becomes a so called ""HTPC"" (""Home Theater PC"", also sometimes referred to as a ""Media PC""), both of which are adapted for playing various kinds of media (music, movies, photos etc.). A media center usually has a GUI (Graphical User Interface) designed to be used with a living-room TV using a remote control. This remote control is commonly known by their designers as a 10-foot user interface. A media center typically allows one to watch movies (DVD, Blu-ray, and other digital video formats) and watching and recording television broadcasts, playing audio (CD as well as MP3, WMA, and other audio formats).

The media itself may be stored, received by terrestrial, satellite or cable broadcasting or streamed from the internet. Stored media is kept either on a local hard drive or on a (wireless) network attached storage. Some software is capable of doing other tasks, such as finding news (RSS) from the Internet. Media centers are often operated with a remote control, connected to a television set for video output, and can sometimes function as a normal personal computer.

A media center can be purpose-built, modified or created individuals by adding media center software to a PC or some other computer, for example a Home Theater PC or an Xbox. Lately, some video game consoles (such as PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360) with their network services can also act as a basic media center device by default.

Typically, complete media centers offer the following functions to the user:


Though media centers are often built using similar components to personal computers, they are often smaller; media centers sometimes have hardware that is not usually seen in personal computers, such as receivers for remote controls, or television tuner cards. Media centers have not seen widespread popularity but are starting to take hold in the UK and the United States.

There are several common applications for which media centers are beginning to gain popularity. Simply put, any application requiring the playback of digital media based files, but not requiring the full features and flexibility of a personal computer stands to benefit from the reduced size, reduced complexity and reduced cost of media centers when compared to similarly equipped PCs.

Common applications include :




Doctor-patient relationship

The relationship between a doctor and a patient is a very important part of medicine. Only when there is a good relationship between the two is it possible to have high-quality healthcare. This relationship is also at the base of medical ethics. Many medical schools teach the doctors to be to keep a professional relationship with their patients, to respect the patients' dignity and privacy. 

This relationship has asymmetric information though. The doctor knows more than the patient, but has to explain the patient's situation, and has to ask the patient what treatments should be done. There is a very similar relationship between the patient and nurses, psychologists.

There are different legal norms that regulate this relationship. Examples of such norms are the Hippocratic oath, the Declaration of Geneva. Professional responsibility may also govern such a relationship.

Ideally, patient and doctor trust each other. If they do, this can have a positive influence on the development of disease or condition. Healing can be hindered if the patient does not take the prescribed drugs, of if these drugs are not taken in the doses prescribed.

If the relationship is too good this can preclude efficiency. In certain cases, it may be good to get the opinion of a second doctor, regarding a condition.


Corm

A corm is a modified plant stem some plants use as a storage organ or for hibernation. Corms are structurally plant stems, and can produce roots. On the top of the corm, one or a few buds grow into shoots that produce normal leaves and flowers.

Some plants with corms regularly replace their older corms with a stack of younger ones. In other species their corms simply grow larger in most seasons. Yet others split when multiple buds or stolons on a large corm sprout independently.

Corms can be dug up and used to multiply or redistribute the plant (see, for example, taro). Plants with corms generally can be propagated by cutting the corms into sections and replanting. 

Plants that form corms include the following species:

Army ant

Army ant (or legionary ant or "Marabunta") means over 200 ant species. They are called army ants due to their aggressive predatory groups looking for food, known as "raids", in which many ants look for food at the same time in one place, attacking other animals collectively.

Army ants do not build a nest like most other ants. Instead, they build a living, temporary nest with their bodies. All army ant species are part of the ant family, Formicidae. There are several kinds that have evolved on their own the same behavior. This is called "legionary behavior", and is convergent evolution.

Before, "army ant" meant ants from 5 different ant subfamilies: in two of these subfamilies, the Ponerinae and Myrmicinae, it is only a few species that show legionary behavior; in the other three subfamilies, Ecitoninae, Dorylinae, and Leptanillinae, "all" of the species are legionary. Now, another subfamily Leptanilloidinae, is called army ants.

A 2003 study of thirty species (by Sean Brady of Cornell University) shows that the ecitonine and doryline army ants evolved from one group in the mid-Cretaceous period in Gondwana, and so the two subfamilies are now one called Ecitoninae, but not everyone says this.

These are army ants:









Hematuria

Hematuria is the presence of blood in the urine. It may have a benign cause, but in some cases can be caused by an illness that could cause death. 


Bladder cancer

Bladder Cancer is cancer arising in the Urinary bladder. It is much more common in men than in women. People who are between 65 to 74 years are mostly affected by this disease.

Streptococcus mutans

Streptococcus mutans is a gram-positive bacteria that lives in the mouth. This bacteria grows optimally in the range of 18-40 degrees Celsius. The microbe was first described by Clarke in 1924.

Commutative property

The commutative property says that the order of the numbers when adding or multiplying can be changed without changing the answer. For example, both formula_1 and formula_2 are equal to 10, and both formula_3 and formula_4 are equal to 35. This can be done with any numbers, or with more than two numbers.
The definition of commutative property of addition is formula_5. "a" and "b" are variables and can be any number.

Some operations like dividing are not commutative. For instance, formula_6 is 2, but formula_7 is formula_8. Subtraction is not commutative either: formula_9 is 4, but formula_10 is negative 4.

In higher mathematics like calculus, there are other commutative operations besides adding and multiplying. Commutative property must hold for each two elements of an Abelian group.

Irrational number

In mathematics, an irrational number is a real number that cannot be written as a complete ratio of two integers. 

An irrational number cannot be fully written down in fraction or decimal form. It would have an infinite number of digits. In addition, these digits would also not repeat. The set of irrational numbers is sometimes written as formula_1 or formula_2. 
Irrational numbers often occur in geometry. For instance, if a square has sides of 1 meter, the distance between opposite corners is the square root of two meters. This is an irrational number. In decimal form it is written as 1.414213... Mathematicians have proved that the square root of every natural number is either an integer or an irrational number.

One well known irrational number is pi (π). This is the circumference of a circle divided by its diameter. This number is the same for every circle. The number pi is approximately 3.14159265358979323… .

Other examples of irrational number include the numbers formula_3 and formula_4. A number for which irrationality is not known is the Euler–Mascheroni constant formula_5.


Shogo Yoshizawa

Shogo Yoshizawa (born 26 July 1986) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Laranja Kyoto.

18||1||2||0||0||0||20||1
29||4||3||0||colspan="2"|-||32||4
47||5||5||0||0||0||52||5

Hideya Tanaka

Hideya Tanaka (born 25 June 1986) is a former Japanese football player.

9||0||0||0||0||0||9||0
24||2||2||0||colspan="2"|-||26||2
33||2||2||0||0||0||35||2

Ryusuke Ofuchi

Ryusuke Ofuchi (born 1 October 1956) is a former Japanese football player.

Robert Earnshaw

Robert Earnshaw (born 6 April 1981) is a Welsh football player. He plays for Nottingham Forest and Wales national team.

325||138||22||15||14||15||361||168
3||2||1||0||0||0||4||2
328||140||22||15||14||15||365||170

!Total||46||14

Paul Jones

Paul Jones (born 19 April 1967) is a former Welsh football player. He has played for Wales national team.

379||0
379||0

!Total||50||0

Southampton

Kidderminster Harriers

Stockport County

Individual


Júnior Maranhão

Júnior Maranhão (born 22 March 1985) is a Brazilian football player.

11||0||0||0||6||0||17||0
11||0||0||0||6||0||17||0

Frank Rost

Frank Rost (born 30 June 1973) is a retired German football player. His last club was the American soccer club New York Red Bulls. His former clubs were Werder Bremen, Schalke 04 and Hamburger SV.

Werder Bremen

Schalke 04

Hamburger SV

Antonio Langella

Antonio Langella (born 30 March 1977) is an Italian football player. He plays for Bari.

376||68
376||68

!Total||3||0

Luis Diego López

Luis Diego López (born 22 August 1974) is an Uruguayan football player. He plays for Cagliari.

37||2
62||3
296||6
395||11

!Total||||

Diego Pérez

Diego Pérez (born 18 May 1980) is an Uruguayan football player. He plays for Monaco and Uruguay national team.

145||14
123||2
268||16

!Total||48||0

Mitsunori Yamao

Mitsunori Yamao (born 13 April 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

195||7||16||1||5||0||216||8
195||7||16||1||5||0||216||8

Lucas Bernardi

Lucas Bernardi (born 27 September 1977) is Argentine former football player and manager.

Bernardi began his playing career with Newell's Old Boys before joining French team Olympique de Marseille in 2001. After one season with Marseille he joined AS Monaco where he played over 200 games for the club. He was part of the team that reached the final of the 2003–04 UEFA Champions League. In 2009, he returned to Argentina to rejoin Newell's.

Monaco

Newell's Old Boys

Gonzalo Vargas

Gonzalo Vargas (born 22 September 1981) is an Uruguayan football player. He plays for Atlas.

94||43
55||27
12||0
32||10
193||80

!Total||10||3

Hisanori Ogawa

Hisanori Ogawa (born 22 May 1984) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0

Kentaro Yano

Kentaro Yano (born 22 September 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Norita Ochiai

Norita Ochiai (born 2 September 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Kazuhiro Ninomiya

Kazuhiro Ninomiya (born 23 November 1982) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||2||0||0||0||2||0
0||0||2||0||0||0||2||0

Sebastián Riep

Sebastián Riep (born 20 February 1976) is a former Argentine football player.

11||0||0||0||5||1||16||1
11||0||0||0||5||1||16||1

Marcelo Carracedo

Marcelo Carracedo (born 16 April 1970) is a former Argentine football player.

Shinya Shirakawa

Shinya Shirakawa (born 7 August 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Honda Lock.

145||0||10||0||0||0||155||0
145||0||10||0||0||0||155||0

Yusuke Nakamura

Yusuke Nakamura (born 6 October 1986) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Ryukyu.

54||3||1||0||0||0||55||3
54||3||1||0||0||0||55||3

Masaki Iwamoto

Masaki Iwamoto (born 30 October 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for HOYO Atletico ELAN Oita.

40||26||3||1||43||27
40||26||3||1||43||27

Luís Augusto

Luis Augusto Osorio Romao (born 20 November 1983) is a Brazilian football player.

49||8||2||1||4||2||55||11
49||8||2||1||4||2||55||11

Oxfordshire Ironstone Railway

The Oxfordshire Ironstone Railway (the O.I.R.) was a standard gauge railway that served an ironstone quarry near the village of Wroxton in Oxfordshire. It linked to the Great Western Railway about to the east, just north of the town of Banbury. Both the quarry and line opened in 1917 and closed in 1967, when the Ironstone ran out. It never became part of British Rail and was run by the quarry's owners.

The quarry was heavily worked in the Second World War, due to extra war needs. A newer quarry close by is now served by trucks only.

The OIR operated its own fleet of steam locomotives: 0-6-0T, 0-6-0ST and 0-4-0ST's.

Heavy clay and Ironstone deposits surround Banbury.



Tomasz Radzinski

Tomasz Radzinski (born 14 December 1973) is a former Polish-Canadian soccer player.

Germinal Ekeren

Anderlecht

Lierse

Individual

Zat Knight

Zat Knight (born 2 May 1980) is an English football player. He plays for Bolton Wanderers.


Yuji Okuma

Yuji Okuma (born 19 January 1969) is a retired Japanese football player.

163||8||8||1||28||1||199||10
163||8||8||1||28||1||199||10

Motonobu Tako

Motonobu Tako (born 22 April 1972) is a Japanese football player.

3||0
3||0

Shoji Ikitsu

Shoji Ikitsu (born 20 May 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

28||0
28||0

Danilo (footballer, born 1979)

Danilo Gabriel de Andrade (born 11 June 1979), simply known as Danilo, is a Brazilian professional football coach and former player who played as an attacking midfielder. He is the current head coach of Corinthians' under-20 squad.





Shuta Sonoda

Shuta Sonoda (born 6 February 1969) is a former Japanese football player.

98||10||5||1||13||0||116||11
98||10||5||1||13||0||116||11

Jesús Navas

Jesús Navas (born 21 November 1985) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Sevilla and Spanish national team.

162||13||10||2||40||0||212||15
162||13||10||2||40||0||212||15

!Total||2||0

Michael Thwaite

Michael Thwaite (born 2 May 1983) is an Australian soccer player. He has played for Australia national team.

52||0
34||0
6||0
2||0
94||0

!Total||6||0

Tomoyasu Asaoka

Asaoka was born in Tokyo Metropolis on April 6, 1962. After graduating from the University of Tsukuba, he joined Japan Soccer League club Nippon Kokan in 1985. Starting in 1985, the club won second place for three years in a row. He played 63 matches and was selected Best Eleven 1985/86. He moved to Yomiuri in 1988. The club won the league championship in 1990/91. He retired in 1991.

In April 1987, Asaoka was selected the Japan national team for 1988 Summer Olympics qualification. At this qualification, on April 12, he debuted against Singapore. He played 8 games for Japan until 1989.

Asaoka died on 6 October 2021 in Tokyo, aged 59.

102||8||15||1||14||2||131||11
102||8||15||1||14||2||131||11

!Total||8||0

Lee Myung-bak

Lee Myung-bak () ; born 19 December 1941) was President of South Korea from 2008 to 2013. He was the CEO of Hyundai Engineering and Construction. In 2002 Lee declared his candidacy for Seoul Mayor, and won the election. After he became president, he said, "I will give Seoul a complete makeover." He was elected the President of South Korea on 19 December 2007. This was the same day as his birthday. It was also the same day he married his wife, Kim Yoon-ok. So, on their 37th wedding anniversary and his 67th birthday, Lee became President of South Korea. He finished his service in February 2013. Lee has three daughters and one son.

Lee Myung-bak was born on December 19, 1941 in Japan. After the end of World War II in 1945, his family came back to his father's hometown Pohang, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea. Lee went to night school at Dongji Commercial High School.

On March 26, 2010 an explosion destroyed the South Korean warship Cheonan. This killed 40 men. Six men also disappeared. They are thought to be dead. An investigation into the sinking blamed North Korea. They said that a torpedo fired by a North Korean submarine had sunk the ship. North Korea said it had nothing to do with the Cheonan's sinking. They said they were not guilty. Lee said their denial was "laughable". He stopped all trade between the north and south. He also asked the United Nations to help them against North Korea. He also began sending radio messages to North Korean people.

Lee Myung-bak is a Christian and goes to the Somang Presbyterian church. When he was a mayor, he once declared that Seoul was a "holy place governed by God". He has been much criticized for his beliefs. Buddhist people protested that Lee was a threat to their religion.

Lee has also been criticized for not giving enough political freedom to the people. For example, the police limited demonstrations. But Lee said, "I fully understand the protestors' point of view on the matter". He added, "Protesting culture has a deep root in democracy of Korea and despite the ongoing political upheaval of this country, the enthusiasm that the protesters showed is one embrace (approve) and this a positive (good) drive of Korea's development."


Fernando Redondo

Fernando Redondo (born 6 July 1969) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for the Argentinian national team.

Tenerife

Real Madrid

Milan

Argentina
Individual

Eddie Johnson

Edward Abraham Johnson (born March 31, 1984) is an American former soccer player. He played the majority of his fourteen-year club career in the U.S. with FC Dallas, Kansas City Wizards, Seattle Sounders FC, and D.C. United. Johnson also spent three and a half years with several European clubs.

Johnson also played for the United States men's national soccer team from 2004 to 2014

United States

Individual

Ryosuke Matsuoka

Ryosuke Matsuoka (born 23 October 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vissel Kobe.

57||1||4||0||11||0||72||1
57||1||4||0||11||0||72||1


Toru Hasegawa

Toru Hasegawa (born 11 December 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Nagoya Grampus Eight.

1||0||0||0||2||0||1||0||4||0
1||0||0||0||2||0||1||0||4||0


Shinta Fukushima

Shinta Fukushima (born 28 January 1989) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Nagoya Grampus Eight.

3||0||0||0||0||0||1||0||4||0
3||0||0||0||0||0||1||0||4||0


Thomas Müller

Thomas Mueller (born 13 September 1989) is a German football player. He plays for the FC Bayern Munich and Germany national team. Müller can play as both a forward and midfielder. Mueller is known for his great positioning, team work and stamina.


!Total||56||22

3. Liga

The 3. Liga is the 3rd division of football in Germany. It replaced the Regionalliga as the 3rd division of Germany in 2008.

 SSV Ulm will play at least five games in Aalen cause their own stadium has no Under-soil heating.<br>


VfL Osnabrück

The VfL Osnabrück is a football club which plays in Germany.

1. FC Union Berlin

The 1. FC Union Berlin is a football club which plays in Berlin, Germany. It was founded in 1966.

 Karim Benyamina (87)

TuS Koblenz

The TuS Koblenz is a football club which plays in Germany.

1. FSV Mainz 05

The 1. FSV Mainz 05 is a football club which plays in Germany.

FC Augsburg

Fußball-Club Augsburg 1907 e. V., commonly known as FC Augsburg () or Augsburg, is a German football club based in Augsburg, Bavaria. FC Augsburg play in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. The team was founded as Fußball-Klub Alemania Augsburg in 1907 and played as BC Augsburg from 1921 to 1969. With over 18,800 members, it is the largest football club in Swabian Bavaria.

The team was founded as Fußball-Klub Alemania Augsburg in 1907 and played as BC Augsburg from 1921 to 1969. The merging of the clubs TSV Schwaben and BC Augsburg was discussed since the late 1940s. In 1969 BC Augsburg had problems in the 3rd division and so had TSV Schwaben. The new FCA played its first game on 30 July 1969, when it met 1. FC Nuremberg in Augsburg in front of 13,000 and lost 3-0 in extra time.

After the formation of the club in 1969, the club played mostly in the 2nd and 3rd division of German football. From 1983 to 1994 they played in Bavaria's highest league, the Bayernliga. At this time it was the third division of league football in Germany. From 1994 to 2000 they played in the Regionalliga Süd which was the name of the new 3rd stage of German league system. In 2006/07 they played for the first time in the 2.Bundesliga and in the 2010/11 season they reached the second place. They were promoted to the German Bundesliga.

Augsburg's kits are predominantly white, with red and green kits also appearing from time to time.



Recent managers of the club:

The last five season-by-season performance of the club:





Phonon

In physics, a phonon is a quantized lattice vibration. The word quantized is used in physics to mean that only certain values of something are allowed. Something that is quantized can be thought of as stairs; you can only move from step to step and you can't stand in between steps. Something that is not quantized can be thought of as a ramp or smooth incline; you can move any distance up or down. A lattice is the repeating or periodic structure of a crystal. A crystal is made up of atoms or molecules in a certain pattern. The points on the pattern at which the atoms or molecules are located is the lattice. Solids, liquids, and gases can all experience vibrations. A vibration being quantized means that only certain frequencies of vibrations are allowed.

Intuitively, there is no reason for lattice vibrations to be quantized. The macroscopic or large-scale vibrations of a material are not quantized and can take on essentially any frequency. It is only when we consider the tiny vibrations of the particles that make up a material—atoms and molecules—that the concept of quantization and phonons becomes important. To understand why phonons exist, complicated quantum mechanics is needed. Without going into too much detail, the interactions between the constituent atoms or molecules of a crystal are analyzed quantum mechanically. Because of their arrangement in a pattern that repeats, when one arrives at a mathematical expression for the frequency of oscillation, one finds that there are only distinct quantized values allowed.

Dynamo Moscow

Dynamo Moscow may refer to one of the following Dynamo sports clubs in Moscow. In Soviet time all of them were parts of the All-Union Dynamo Sports Club.


HC Dynamo Moscow

Dynamo Moscow () is a Russian professional ice hockey club based in Moscow. They are members of the Bobrov Division in the Kontinental Hockey League.

 Soviet League Championship "(5)": 1946–47, 1953-54, 1989–90, 1990–91, 1991–92

 Gagarin Cup "(2)": 2011–12, 2012–13

 IIHF European Champions Cup "(1)": 2006


Thunder Bay Thunder Cats

The Thunder Bay Thunder Cats was the name of the Rockford IceHogs of the UHL (now the International Hockey League) prior to moving to Rockford. The team went through a number of different names prior to being the Thunder Cats, including the Thunder Bay Thunder Hawks and the Thunder Bay Senators.

After the success of the 5-time Allan Cup champion Thunder Bay Twins, the Colonial Hockey League took interest in expanding to the Northwestern Ontario city. In 1991, the Colonial league introduced the Thunder Bay Thunder Hawks, spelling the end of the 21-year Twins franchise that stepped aside for the new Semi-Pro team. In 1993, the team changed its name to the Thunder Bay Senators to reflect the teams affiliation with the National Hockey League's Ottawa Senators. Soon after, the CoHL changed its name to the United Hockey League and in 1996 the team became the Thunder Bay Thunder Cats.

After eight seasons in Thunder Bay, the Thunder Cats were bought, moved to Rockford, Illinois, and renamed the Rockford IceHogs in 1999.


Parser

In computer science, a parser is a program that checks to see if a text is valid according to the rules of a grammar.

Lymington Branch Line

The Lymington branch line is a short line running between Brockenhurst and Lymington Pier. The line is operated by South West Trains. There is a station in between called Lymington Town. The short length of track between Lymington Town and Lymington Pier has a line speed of 20mph.

The two preserved 421cig units make the line a popluar destination for rail-fans. Unit 1497 "Freshwater" was painted in British Rail White and Blue while 1498 "Farringford" was painted in BR Green. The units were given names of places on the Isle of Wight as they only ran on this line. Until 22 May 22 2010 they were the only EMU slamdoor units still in operation anywhere in Britain.

The line is now operated by 158/9 sprinter units. This means the 750Volt DC electric has no longer got a use. This may seem strange as most parts of the country are electrifiying lines. The reason for this is that "450 units" have 4 cars which are too long for Lymington Town Station. And South West Trains are not willing to remove a coach from a 450 unit. The only solution then is to use DMU 3 car sprinter units.

HQ9+

HQ9+ is a joke programming language made by Cliff L. Biffle in 2001. It has four "operations":


Quine (computing)

A quine is a special kind of computer program, which accepts no inputs and outputs its own source code. They are named after the philosopher Willard Van Orman Quine.

Quine was very interested in the "liar paradox", "this statement is false", which can't be either true or false. This paradox appears in lots of other places. In the mathematics of set theory it is called Russell's paradox, it is a set which contains sets which don't contain themselves. 

All of those examples before Quine were 'self-referential'. This means that they define an object in terms of itself, like the liar paradox starting with the words "this statement". Lots of people thought that you could ignore the liar paradox if you just decided to ignore all self-referential statements. Quine saw that you would also have to ignore "quotation", which is the process that happens when you put a phrase in quote marks. When you "say" a phrase, you are talking about its meaning; but when you "quote" a phrase, you are talking about that phrase, and not what it means.

Quine's paradox was, '"Yields falsehood when preceded by its quotation" yields falsehood when preceded by its quotation.' This is a more complicated liar paradox which is not self-referential. It is a simple statement about some phrase, telling you what happens when you write a statement where you write the phrase in quote marks and then write the phrase again outside of them.

Most programming languages have quotation too: you can put quotes around some code and then the computer does not "run" that code, but instead just "stores" it as a string.

The trick to writing a quine involves writing a string which somehow has a "hole" in it, then outputting that string, with the "hole" filled in with its own quotation. For example in Python the function which quotes a string is called codice_1, and the codice_2 operator fills in a hole which is written as codice_3 in the string, while converting codice_4 to codice_2:
def quine():
Or in JavaScript, we can use codice_6 to quote an array, and the "hole" can be the space between the two array elements:
function quine() {
In CoffeeScript you can write a quine as a phrase followed by its own quotation, which looks a lot like Quine's paradox:
quine = -> ((t) -> t + JSON.stringify t) "quine = -> ((t) -> t + JSON.stringify t) "

ELIZA

ELIZA is an early program able to process natural language. ELIZA operated by processing users' responses to "scripts". The most famous script was called DOCTOR. It was a simulation of a Rogerian psychotherapist. Eliza didn't know much about thought or emotion. However, DOCTOR sometimes provided conversation like a human. ELIZA was written at MIT by Joseph Weizenbaum between 1964 and 1966.

When the person used words that were not in the very small list,
DOCTOR might say, for example, responding to "My head hurts", "Why do you say your head hurts?" The response to "My mother hates me" might be "Who else in your family hates you?" ELIZA was programmed using simple pattern matching techniques, but was taken seriously by several of its users, even after Weizenbaum explained to them how it worked. It was one of the first chatterbots in existence.





GNU Emacs

GNU Emacs (short for Editing Macros) is thought to be text editor that is common on many UNIX-based operating systems, Mac and Windows Operating systems but it's actually a extendable elisp editor that can be made to be just about anything 

Emacs is primarily used by just about everyone from programmers to home desktop users. This is because emacs can do just about anything you can think of. Some of the uses of Emacs include:

Emacs is made powerful by Emacs Lisp, a built-in programming language that lets the user extend the capabilities of the editor.

A common Emacs joke is that all of the functions of the editor are crazy weird keystrokes (such as "control-meta-4 shift-left-P-semicolon-F1" to do something simple like cut and paste text). In reality, though, these keystrokes are relatively simple, though they can take some getting used to.

There is an Internet turf war between programmers that prefer Emacs and programmers that prefer Vim (or Vi), another common text editor.

Bacillus anthracis

Bacillus anthracis is a gram-positive rod-shaped bacterium, 11.2µm in width and 3–5µm in length. It is the agent which causes anthrax.

The bacillus lives in soils worldwide at moderate temperatures. It can be grown in aerobic or anaerobic conditions (it is a facultative anaerobe) in a medium with essential nutrients, including carbon and nitrogen sources. In 1877, this organism was the first to be shown to cause disease by Robert Koch and verified by Louis Pasteur.

George Bancroft

George Bancroft (October 3, 1800 – January 17, 1891) was an American historian and statesman. He was important in promoting secondary education both in his home state and at the national level. He made the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis in 1845. Among his best-known writings is "History of the United States, from the Discovery of the American Continent". He was known as the "father of American History". He was born into a Whig family. Later his studies led him to become a Democratic.

<br>

Christadelphians

The Christadelphians are a Christian denomination that developed in the United Kingdom and the United States in the 19th century. Other names for them include Brothers of Christ and Christ's Brethren. They were in effect founded by John Thomas, but do not consider him greater than any other teacher. Today, there are about 55,000-60,000 Christadelphians. Many of them live in Britain, Australia, Africa and the United States.

Their ideas are close to other Restorationist movements such as the Anabaptist movement. They say that when Christianity came in contact with the Hellenic world, it was spoiled. Therefore, they only accept teachings that can be found in the Bible. They think that the Bible was inspired by God and they accept no other texts. 

Today almost all Christadelphians belong to the main "Central" fellowship. But, following some disagreements, there have been different groups of Christadelphians. Among those still in existence today are Unamended Fellowship which has 1,800 members in North America, the Dawn Fellowship, and the Berean Fellowship.

They do not have priests or pastors, instead each local church has a group of elders who are chosen by the members each year. Most male members take turns to speak each week.


Quezon City

Quezon City, or Q.C., is the largest city of the Philippines. It is just south of Manila. In 2015, it had a population of 2.936 million people. The city, on Luzon island, was named after Manuel L. Quezon, the former president of the Commonwealth of the Philippines.


Robert Larue Stewart

Robert "Uncle Bob" Larue Stewart (1917-2006) is the founder, former owner and broadcaster of the GMA Network (formerly known as Republic Broadcasting System).

Gaza flotilla raid

The Gaza flotilla raid happened on 31 May 2010. It was in the international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. Israeli naval forces seized an aid flotilla of six ships carrying 663 or 682 pro-Palestinian activists from 37 nations, known as the "Gaza Freedom Flotilla". The activists were trying to breach the blockade of Gaza and deliver humanitarian supplies. 
During the event, Israeli military forces seized a convoy of six ships carrying goods which should be brought to the Palestinian territories in the form of aid. There were 663-682 people on board these ships. The ships were headed to the port of Gaza. Israel had offered them to land at a different port, so that the aid could be inspected, but the crew had declined this offer. During the incident, at least nine people were killed.

The Gaza strip is part of Palestine. It is amongst the most densely populated areas on Earth. About 1.5 million people live on a surface of roughly 493 km².

The Palestinian Authority says that this is an occupied territory. They say, Israel is the occupation force, and it should withdraw, and give the territory back to the Palestinians. Israel has attacked and bombed Gaza several times.

Israel does not see things this way, since they gave over the territory to Palestinian administration in 2005, and have pulled back their troops over time . Meanwhile, Hamas, the Palestinian group which controls the territory, has launched rockets at Israel.

Hamas took over the Gaza Strip after the Fatah–Hamas conflict that was after the 2006 Palestinian elections Israel said Hamas to be a terrorist movement. Egypt did not agree with Hamas removing the Palestinian Authority officials from Gaza.

The Israeli blockade of the Gaza Strip was said to be a safety measure by Israel, but the Free Gaza Movement are opposed. Hamas, along with other groups had been causing trouble there and in southern parts of Israel. The blocked started in 2007. Many countries (like Egypt) feel sorry for the Gaza Strip, a few others (like Iran) hate or some how fear Israel and some (like the USA) agree with Israel.

The Turkish passenger ship Cruse Liner MV Mavi Marmara was trying to take Turkish and Cypriot aid to the Gaza Strip on May the 31st, when the Israeli Navy found it. The 3 year old blockade was upheld by Flotilla 13. The Mavi Marmara was 40 miles from the Gaza Strip when it was raided. 27 British activists, 9 Palestinian, 8 Turks, 2 Irish, 1 Swedish, 1 South African, 1 American and 1 Albanian were on the Mavi Marmara, along with a few others. The Mavi Marmara was followed by the Irish passenger ship MV Rachel Corrie and 4 other minor vessels. The ships carried a total of 663-682 activists and aid workers, including several Turks, several Malaysians another American, an Australian, and a Belgian.
There were in total 663 or 683 people from 37 nations on board the 6 ships in the civilian flotilla. Notable people included Nobel Peace Prize laureate Mairead Corrigan, former UN Assistant Secretary-General Denis Halliday, Israeli-Arab member of Knesset Haneen Zoubi, leader of the northern branch of the Islamic Movement in Israel Raed Salah, Swedish novelist Henning Mankell, and a number of politicians from European and Arab national governments and the European Parliament.

Israel said that the other 5 ships were boarded and taken over peacefully, and that the only incidents took place in the "Mavi Marmara", but many reports that several people from the other ships were also wounded.

The flotilla had planned to break through the Gaza blockade, ignoring Israel's plan for the activists to stop at the port of Ashdod and transfer the cargo through there. After they ignored repeated calls to give in, soldiers from the Shayetet 13 (Flotilla 13) unit boarded the ships at around 04:00 IST

The convoy organizers Arafat Shoukriof, of the Free Gaza Movement (FGM), said the Israeli military story was not true. One of the co-organizers of the flotilla convoy, said those on board one ship had called them by telephone to say that Israeli helicopters had arrived to do a surprise raid.

The boarding of the "Mavi Marmara" resulted in violent clashes between activists and Israeli soldiers, though the details are disputed.

Apparently an Israeli helicopter dropped 30 specialist soldiers on to the ship. Fighting then broke out. An Israeli trooper was thrown over the side of the ship, some aid workers rioted and threw chairs at the Israelis. The Israelis then used tear gas, tasers, stun grenades and smoke bombs. Later several gun shots were fired by both sides. Finally, at the end of it all, an Albanian woman fell over the side of the ship. The soldiers, who used stun grenades, then asked for government permission to use their firearms, which they then received.

The Israeli military said that the troops were suddenly attacked after climbing down ropes from helicopters onto the deck of the ship. Soldiers were reportedly beaten badly, one was stabbed, and one was thrown in to the sea Two Israelis had their guns taken away. An Israeli commando said that there was live fire at some point against them from below deck. Stun grenades and tear gas were used in an attempt to disperse activists. When this did not work the commandos requested and received permission to use shoot the resisting activists. The commandos then shot activists in the legs, which forced them to disperse. The commandos reached the bridge and took over the ship after 30 minutes. Some fighting can be seen in videos released by the Israeli military and Free Gaza activists. The Israeli military released 20 videos of the incident,
According to Major Avital Leibovich of the IDF Spokesperson's Unit, the activists attacked the soldiers with knives, slingshots, spikes, and clubs, and with pistols that were found by the Israeli troops. Adam Shapiro, a board member of the Free Gaza Movement, said that according to the Al Jazeera correspondents on the ship, the soldiers opened fire immediately as they came down the ropes.

The wife of the Mavi Marmara captain, Nilüfer Ören, stated that IDF began tracking them after . There were 40 Israeli ships following and snooping on the convoy until the troopers were boarding the ships from helicopters at 04:45 am. She also said that stun grenades and smoke bombs were used. Therefore activists and crewmembers used gas masks. Norman Paech, a former member of the German parliament Left Party who was aboard the Mavi Marmara said he only saw three activists resisting on his part of the boat and said "They had no knives, no axes, only sticks that they used to defend themselves."

Reporters for Iranian TV and Al Jazeera TV news told of the use of tear gas/CS gas and stun grenades. The Israeli solders said that the activists wore gas masks and ski masks. Neither side were fully believed by the United Nations, who tried not to take sides.

The MV Rachel Corrie gave in and hoisted the white flag of truce when boarded by the Israeli navy.

The ship Challenger One sped up to allow journalists to take their photos of the ongoing raid. Huwaida Arraf, an American activist who was on the "Challenger One" reported that Israeli soldiers attacked any one who tried to block them from taking over the vessel with kicks, tasers, and stun grenades. Activist Huwaida Arraf reported that once on board the Challenger One, Israeli troops seized all communication equipment, cameras, mobile phones, radios and memory cards from activists.

Former UK diplomat Ed Peck, who was on board the ship Sfendoni, said that the Israelite troopers were well-trained, and behaved well. The soldiers scuffled with a few activists trying to block their access to the wheelhouse, but there were no major injuries, Peck said. Paul Larudee, a 64-year-old former language professor from El Cerrito, California on board the "Sfendoni", was beaten and tasered according to his family by the US Consul General and his lawyers; his family has reported that Israeli consular officials informed them that Larudee, a pacifist, was beaten after not following the orders of troops.

Crewman Shane Dillon reported that Israeli troops used stun guns, broke the nose of a Belgian woman among them, and beat another passenger. Australian photojournalist Kate Geraghty was attacked and tasered by Israeli troops aboard the "Challenger One", while attempting to photograph the raid.

Kutlu Tiryaki, a captain of the other vessel in the flotilla, said that the passengers did not have weapons at all, but only came to bring aid in a peaceful manner.

The final ship in the convoy gave in as it was raided and hoisted a white flag.

9-19 were said to be dead and 32-50 were said tobe injured. 10 of the injured were Israelis and 1 of the dead was a Turkish politician . Israel has confirmed four being dead. Among the dead was İbrahim Bilgen, a Turkish politician from the Felicity Party.

At least 32 activists who had been aboard the ships were arrested and incarcerated by the Israel Prisons Service, after they refused to sign deportation orders, including two who were wounded but refused hospital treatment.

Israel said that the navy forces "found weapons ready in advance and used against our forces." IDF photos displayed knives, metal and wooden poles, flares, wrenches and slingshots with marble projectiles said to have been used against the soldiers. The activists were said to have also lobbed stun grenades at IDF soldiers, and the IDF showed video illustrating this. The Israeli searches of the ship found bulletproof vests, night-vision goggles, and gas masks. A press-release by the Foreign Affairs Minister of Israel said that violence against the soldiers was already planned, and that "light weaponry" was found on the ships, including pistols that would have been seized from activists on the "Mavi Marmara" by the Israel Defence Forces (IDF) soldiers.

A close-up picture presented to readers of "Jerusalem Post" as "The array of equipment found on board the ships that made up the Gaza aid flotilla was as divergent as the flotilla’s stated aims", showed some knives and clubs. Israeli troops also admitted to finding wheelchairs, cleaning supplies and baby milk onboard both the ships. A high ranking Norwegian officer stated after watching pictures that "This is not military equipment", and that most of the tools and kitchen knives would belong on a ship. High ranking Officials in the Customs Undersecretariat called the Israeli "complete nonsense".

For the most part, the diplomatic result was harsh on Israel.

Egypt opened its Rafah Border Crossing with the Gaza Strip to allow medical aid to enter after world criticism of the raid. Hamas's leader Khaled Meshaal call for the border to be opened.

The Israeli blockade against Gaza itself is not illegal, and it's okay for Israeli ships to operate in international waters to enforce it," said Allen Weiner, former U.S. State Department 

The German newspaper "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung", said international law says countries are not allowed to extend their rule on areas outside of their coastal waters. In Israel’s case, from the coast.

South Africa's Ambassador left Israel and returned to South Africa as a form of protest.

Turkey's deputy parliament speaker, Guldal Mumcu, said "[t]his attack was an open violation of United Nations rules and international law," and that "Turkey should seek justice against Israel through national and international legal authorities. The parliament expects the Turkish government to revise the political, military and economic relations with Israel, and to take effective measures." Lawyer Dr. Turgut Tarhanlı of the University of Istanbul cited the ideal of innocent passage, under which vessels are given safe travel rights in a manner which is not "prejudicial to the peace, good order or the security" of the state.

Cyprus stated its belief that NGOs must be allowed to do their work freely and lawfully. Further, it called for the lifting of the blockade of Gaza.

North Korea's Foreign Ministry condemned Israel, which "mercilessly killed or wounded dozens of civilians aboard the boats." It went on to call the attack "crime against humanity perpetrated at the U.S. connivance and under its patronage and a blatant challenge to the Arabs including Palestinians and the Mideast peace process". The statement also "expresses full support and solidarity with the cause of the Palestinians and other Arab people"

Iran Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Sayyid Ali Khamenei condemned the savage attack of the Zionist regime against an international aid convoy heading towards Gaza, and said the Israeli regime proved that it is more brutal than fascists. Iran president Mahmoud Ahmedinejad said that the incident was an "inhuman action of the Zionist regime against the Palestinian people" and that it would bring the regime "closer than ever to its end." The Iranian government called for a boycott of Israel. Iran's Supreme National Security Council (SNSC) Secretary Saeed Jalili high lighted the need among regional and Islamic states to confront the Zionist regime of Israel effectively. Iran's Foreign Ministry condemned the raid, saying "the incident once again revealed the criminal and war-mongering nature of the Zionist regime." Iran also on the UN Security Council and the OIC to take swift punitive action against Israel.

The Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen described the attacks as "very serious" and stated that he feels the blockade action was a violation of international law. He also stated that people are allowed to receive humanitarian assistance.Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheál Martin said he was "gravely concerned"

French President Nicolas Sarkozy condemned "the out sized use of force" against the flotilla.

Belgium's foreign minister, Steven Vanackere, called the use of Israeli force "disproportionate" and "invited the Israeli ambassador to explain how things happened."

The Bosnian representative at the UN Security Council, Ivan Barbalić, condemned the Israeli attack, called for an investigation and wanted Israel to lift the blockade of Gaza.

China Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu condemned Israel's raid on the international convoy and urged Israel to carry out UN Security Council resolutions and improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.

The Bulgarian Foreign Ministry demanded the quick release of two Bulgarian journalists travelling in the convoy. In addition, Bulgaria condemned the attack, saying "nothing can justify the violence that resulted in the killing of over 10 people on board one of the ships." It called for an investigation.

Protest rallies hit the streets of Tottenham, Paris, Germany, Italy, Turkey, Egypt and Malaysia.

The Czech Republic had gone out in support for Israel and declared that the Turkish flotilla was made to provoke Israel in to a military or political trap.

The USA also expressed pro-Israeli opinions, while Nauru said Hamas was wrong.

The Cuban Ministry of Foreign Affairs condemned the Israeli action, calling it a "criminal attack" and expressed its "most energetic condemnation." Cuba called for the lifting of the Gaza blockade and reaffirms its solidarity with the Palestinian people. The former Cuban President Fidel Castro had condemned Israel's attack on the Freedom Flotilla as "Nazi fascist fury." He added that the Israeli commandos who boarded the ships fired at the aid workers.

Montenegro, China, Zambia and the UK called for a peaceful solution to the situation.

The representative of Gabon at the UN Security Council expressed his shock at the events. He further called upon Israel to lift the blockade of Gaza, and called all parties to end the violence.

Switzerland called for an international inquiry and summoned the Israeli ambassador.

The Holy See expressed "great concern and pain" about the incident.

Israel planned to deport all of the captured passengers within 48 hours of their arrival into Israel. On of 2 June 2010 Israel had decided to release over 600 of the detained activists.




Far Eastern Republic

Far Eastern Republic (; romanised: "Dalnevostochnaya Respublika, DVR"), sometimes called the Chita Republic, was a nominally independent state established at Blagoveshchensk, covering the former Russian Far East and Siberia east of Lake Baikal on April 6, 1920.

Acanthomyops murphii

Acanthomyops murphii is a species of ant in the family Formicidae. It is endemic to the United States.


Adelomyrmex boltoni

Adelomyrmex boltoni is a kind of ant. It was first found on October 25, 1982 by F. Baud in Paraguay. It was described by Fernandez, F. in 2003. More data has been put out by Wild, A. L. in 2007.

Bryology

Bryology is the study of Bryophytes: Mosses, liverworts and hornworts. They are the most primitive land plants. Bryologists are people who work on observing, and classifying bryophytes.

Internet Message Access Protocol

Internet Message Access Protocol(or IMAP) is a communication protocol, a set of rules that e-mail client programs, like the one in your computer, use to download email from a mail server. An older protocol which does the same thing is called Post Office Protocol but IMAP has additional features. 

Yuji Sugano

Sugano was born in Aichi Prefecture on April 14, 1961. After graduating from Osaka University of Commerce, he joined his local club Toyota Motors (later "Nagoya Grampus Eight"). In 1992, Japan Soccer League was folded and founded new league J1 League. However, he retired in 1992 without playing in J1 League.

On February 2, 1988, Sugano debuted for the Japan national team against Oman.

!Total||1||0

Nobuyo Fujishiro

Fujishiro was born in Chiba Prefecture on January 25, 1960. After graduating from Juntendo University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Nippon Kokan (later "NKK SC") in 1982. Starting in 1985, the club won second place for three years in a row. The club also won the 1987 JSL Cup. He played 172 matches und scored 41 goals until 1990/91 season. He joined Sumitomo Metal in 1992. He retired in 1992.

On January 27, 1988, Fujishiro debuted for the Japan national team against the United Arab Emirates. He played two games for Japan in 1988.

188||46
188||46

!Total||2||0

Kuniharu Nakamoto

Nakamoto was born in Hiroshima Prefecture on October 29, 1959. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Nippon Kokan (later "NKK") in 1982. From 1985, the club won the 2nd place for 3 years in a row. In 1987, the club won JSL Cup. He played for 168 matches for the club. He retired in 1991.

In August 1979, when Nakamoto was a Chuo University student, he was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 1979 World Youth Championship. He played 3 matches. In September 1987, he was selected the Japan national team for 1988 Summer Olympics qualification. At this qualification, on September 2, he debuted against Thailand. He played 5 games for Japan in 1987.

168||0||19||0||17||0||204||0
168||0||19||0||17||0||204||0

!Total||5||0

Katsuhiko Sano

Katsuhiko Sano (born 30 April 1988) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Kentaro Sakai

Kentaro Sakai (born 20 May 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

25||0
25||0

Masashi Miyamura

Masashi Miyamura (born 18 February 1969) is a former Japanese football player.

105||2||7||0||4||0||116||2
105||2||7||0||4||0||116||2

Horticulture

Horticulture is the practical botany of gardens. It includes both decorative and vegetable aspects of gardens. A horticulturist is a person who works and conducts research in the science and skill of growing flowers, fruits, vegetables or ornamental plants. Plant breeding is an important part of horticulture.


Ryujiro Ueda

Ryujiro Ueda (born 29 January 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Fagiano Okayama.

31||0||0||0||0||0||31||0
31||0||0||0||0||0||31||0

Cauê (footballer, born 1986)

Cauê Santos da Mata (born 1 May 1986) is a Brazilian football player.



Davi (footballer, born March 1984)

Davi José Silva do Nascimento (born 10 March 1984) is a Brazilian former football player.

Shinya Chiba

Shinya Chiba (born 3 May 1983) is a former Japanese football player.

96||7||1||0||97||7
96||7||1||0||97||7

Kazunari Okayama

, also known as Kang Il-Sung (Ko: 강일성, 康一成), is a Japanese football player.

268||26||16||4||10||2||294||32
268||26||16||4||10||2||294||32

Hitoyoshi Satomi

Hitoyoshi Satomi (born 13 May 1983) is a former Japanese football player.

75||7||5||1||80||8
75||7||5||1||80||8

Naoki Takahashi

Naoki Takahashi (born 8 August 1976) is a Japanese football player. He has played for Albirex Niigata.

141||4||15||1||11||0||167||5
141||4||15||1||11||0||167||5

Anderson Batatais

Anderson Luis da Silva (born 22 December 1972) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Ponte Preta.

51||2||2||2||3||0||56||4
51||2||2||2||3||0||56||4

Ryuji Sueoka

Since 2009, he has been active in India's professional football league. In 2011, coaches in the I-League named Sueoka as the best player.
110||26||9||2||0||0||119||28

Yasuhiro Tanaka

Yasuhiro Tanaka (born 2 August 1984) is a Japanese football player.

0||0||1||0||1||0
0||0||1||0||1||0

Koichi Sugiyama (footballer)

Koichi Sugiyama (born 27 October 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

175||2||17||0||25||0||217||2
175||2||17||0||25||0||217||2

Eiichiro Ozaki

Eiichiro Ozaki (born 7 December 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gainare Tottori.

57||3||1||0||58||3
87||21||5||1||92||22
144||24||6||1||150||25


Mikito Nishihara

Mikito Nishihara (born 10 June 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

49||5||0||0||49||5
49||5||0||0||49||5

Hayato Mizuki

Hayato Mizuki (born 1 November 1984) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0

Shoji Yamada

Shoji Yamada (born 6 December 1984) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||1||0||1||0
0||0||1||0||1||0

Tatsuyuki Okuyama

Tatsuyuki Okuyama (born 30 January 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

Keiichiro Nakano

Keiichiro Nakano (born 29 March 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

92||1
92||1

Takefumi Sasaki

Takefumi Sasaki (born 5 July 1978) used to be a Japanese football player.

Takanobu Kondo

Takanobu Kondo (born 8 August 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

Daiji Nii

Daiji Nii (born 28 February 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

Bill Foulkes

Bill Foulkes (5 January 1932 – 25 November 2013) was an English footballer-turned-manager. He played for England national team.

The League Cup began in 1960–61.


Bert Patenaude

Bert Patenaude (4 November 1909 – 4 November 1974) is a former American soccer player. He played for United States national team in the first-ever FIFA World Cup in 1930.

Fall River F.C.

St. Louis Central Breweries

United States

Individual

Gianpiero Combi

Gianpiero Combi (20 November 1902 – 12 August 1956) is a former Italian football player. He has played for Italy national team. Nicknamed Fusetta for his remarkable agility, despite being little used to flashy interventions, his confidence and leadership made him a highly reliable goalkeeper for his coaches. He boasted a great sense of position, especially in exiting his own goal to block opponent's crosses and assists. In the course of his career he gave up his starting position in just nine occasions out of a total of 398, due to his excellent physical condition, despite having suffered criticism on the strictly athletic side; he also became a specialist in blocking penalty kicks, sensing the direction of the ball after staring at the shooter. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time.

351||0
351||0

!Total||47||0

Pak Doo-Ik

Pak Doo-Ik (; Hanja: 朴斗翼; born 17 March 1942) is a North Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the North Korean national team.

Tatsuhiko Kubo

Kubo was born in Chikuzen, Fukuoka on June 18, 1976. After graduating from Chikuyo Gakuen High School, he joined J1 League club Sanfrecce Hiroshima in 1995. He debuted in 1996 and became a regular striker as Takuya Takagi successor from 1998. However the club was relegated to J2 League in 2002. He moved to Yokohama F. Marinos in 2003. In 2003, the club won the champions J1 League. He was also selected Best Eleven and "Japanese Footballer of the Year award". However his opportunity to play decreased for low back pain from 2004. He moved to Yokohama FC in 2007. However the club was relegated to J2 and he also did not play many matches. After that, he returned to Sanfrecce Hiroshima in 2008 and moved to Japan Football League club Zweigen Kanazawa in 2010. He retired end of 2011 season.

After 1998 World Cup, in October 1998, Kubo was selected the Japan national team by new manager Philippe Troussier. On October 28, he debuted for Japan against Egypt. Although he played at 2000 Asian Cup and 2001 Confederations Cup, his opportunity to play in the matches was few and he was not selected Japan for 2002 World Cup. After 2002 World Cup, in December 2003, he was selected Japan for 2003 East Asian Football Championship and he scored 2 goals against China. This goals were his first goal for Japan. In the first half of 2004, he played as striker and scored 6 goals in 9 games. However, he did not play for low back pain from late 2004. From February 2006, he came back to Japan and he scored 3 goals in 6 matches, however he was not selected Japan for 2006 World Cup. He played 32 games and scored 11 goals for Japan until 2006.

351||112||28||12||41||13||6||2||426||139
351||112||28||12||41||13||6||2||426||139

!Total||32||11

Varkala

Varkala () is a city in the Indian state of Kerala. It is on the west coast of India near the far south of the mainland. It is the only region in the southern Kerala that has cliffs. Geologists call these cliffs the Varkala Formation.

Varkala is a famous tourist place. The town has great telecommunication facilities, an average-rated water supply system, fire station, several post offices and a police station. The town has a government-run modern medicine, ayurveda, and nature cure hospital. Also there are about 10 private hospitals, clinics and some dental clinics.

Butch Huskey

Butch Huskey was a professional baseball player for the New York Mets. He started playing Major League Baseball in 1993. He was born in Anadarko, Oklahoma. He weighs around 244 pounds and 6'03 in height.

Mesut Özil

Mesut Özil (born 15 October 1988) is a German football player of Turkish descent. He plays for Fenerbahçe and the German national team. 

Özil is often praised for his skill at being an attacking midfielder. He is known for making plenty of assists. In 2011, he made the second most assists with Real Madrid in La Liga with 17 and the most assists in major European competitions with 25.

In 2005, he went to the youth department of FC Schalke 04. He was a midfielder, and his number was 17. He soon played in the Ligapokal, against teams such as FC Bayern Munich and Bayer Leverkusen. He was thought to be the "next big thing," but soon left the club.

In 2008, Mesut Özil moved to Werder Bremen for a reported amount of €4.3 million, signing a contract with the German club until June 30, 2011. He soon became popular in the club, leading them to the 2009 DFB-Pokal final with the winning goal against Bayer Leverkusen. He helped the team make it to the UEFA Cup, but lost to Shakhtar Donetsk. 

Because of his impressive performance in the 2010 FIFA World Cup, he made his place as one of the best young football athletes in Europe. Teams such as FC Barcelona, Manchester United. and Arsenal wanted him in their squad. Werder Bremen made an agreement with Real Madrid. The transfer amount was believed to be near €15 million. After signing, Özil said, "When the offer came in to join Real Madrid, there is no decision to make. Let's be honest – you don't refuse this club. I was in no rush to leave Werder Bremen, but this is one club you say yes to. They are an institution, a club with a fantastic history, stadium and squad full of world-class players. The prospect of performing at the Bernabeu is so awesome you jump straight in."

His first game was against Hércules, which the team won the game 3-1. His first goal was against Deportivo de La Coruña, which the team won 6-1.

Mesut Özil performed many assists, and in the 2011-12 season he was nominated for the FIFA Ballon d'Or award. Real Madrid maintained its success, and finished in 1st place in the 2011-12 La Liga.

Arsenal

Ozil joined Arsenal in September 2013 at a transfer fee believed to be around €50 million. His first game for Arsenal was against Sunderland in which the team won 3-1, with him making an assist. He was a top performer in his first season, however his form has went down since then.

Őzil stopped playing for the German National Team in July 2018 citing "racism and disrespect".

Queen's Gambit

The Queen's Gambit is a chess opening which starts with 1.d4 d5 2.c4. It is not really a gambit, because the pawn taken cannot be held. For example (simplest line):


Since the pawn can't be kept, Black (by taking the c-pawn) has given up the centre. The standard strategy then is for Black to mount a counter-attack on the White centre.

Now the white centre is balanced by the black counter-attack.

Wheel loader

A wheel loader or a shovel uses a controlled arm to put materials into a dumptruck, onto a conveyor belt or a feed hopper. Possible materials are: asphalt, demolition debris, dirt, feed, gravel, logs, raw minerals, recycled material, rock, sand, wood chips, etc.
There are many types and brands of wheel loaders. The most popular brands are Caterpillar, Volvo, Case, Ahlmann and Komatsu. The type most used is a front end loader.

Corollary

A corollary is something that can be figured out from other things. In mathematics a corollary usually follows on from a theorem.

Yusuke Minoguchi

Minoguchi was born in Chiba Prefecture on August 23, 1965. After graduating from Kokushikan University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Furukawa Electric (later "JEF United Ichihara") in 1988. He played 67 games and scored 14 goals in Japan Soccer League. From 1993, he played for Japan Football League club PJM Futures (1993-1994), Fukuoka Blux (1995) and Oita Trinity (1996).

In 1988, Minoguchi was selected the Japan national "B team" for 1988 Asian Cup. At this competition, he played 2 games. However, Japan Football Association don't count as Japan national team match because this Japan team was "B team" not "top team".

67||14||0||0||7||2||74||16
67||14||0||0||7||2||74||16

Takashi Kawamura

Takashi Kawamura (born 20 June 1968) is a former Japanese football player.

Kepa Blanco

Kepa Blanco (born 13 January 1984) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Getafe.

56||11
8||1
64||12

Teruo Nimura

Nimura was born in Kyoto on May 2, 1943. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined Toyo Industries in 1966. The club won Japan Soccer League champions 4 times (1966, 1967, 1968, 1970) and Emperor's Cup 2 times (1967, 1969). This was the greatest era in the club history. He retired in 1976. He played 151 games and scored 16 goals in the league.

In December 1970, Nimura was selected the Japan national team for 1970 Asian Games. At this competition, on December 10, he debuted against Malaysia. He played 5 games for Japan in 1970.

After retirement, Nimura became a manager for Mazda (former "Toyo Industries") as Aritatsu Ogi successor in 1981. However, in 1983 season, the club finished at the bottom place and was relegated to Division 2 first time. He resigned end of 1983 season.

!Total||5||0

Yoshinori Shigematsu

Shigematsu was born in Hiroshima on April 2, 1930. When he played for Keio University, he won 1952 Emperor's Cup as a member of All Keio. After graduating from Keio University, he joined his local club Toyo Industries in 1954. He won the 2nd place at 1954 and 1957 Emperor's Cup. At 1954 Emperor's Cup, it was first Emperor's Cup finalist as a works team.

In May 1958, Shigematsu was selected the Japan national team for 1958 Asian Games. At this competition, on May 28, he debuted against Hong Kong.

After retirement, in 1974 Shigematsu became a president of his local baseball club Hiroshima Toyo Carp. In 1981, he moved to Fujita Industries (later "Bellmare Hiratsuka") and became a president of the club in 1997. In 1999, he left the club.

In 2018, Shigematsu died at the age of 88.

!Total||1||0

Takuya Muro

Takuya Muro (born 2 November 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sagan Tosu.

71||0||3||0||74||0
71||0||3||0||74||0

Yuzuki Ito

107||4||5||0||10||0||122||4
107||4||5||0||10||0||122||4

Kensuke Kagami

Kensuke Kagami (born 21 November 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

112||20||14||4||5||3||131||27
112||20||14||4||5||3||131||27


Hideki Katsura

124||8||18||3||11||0||153||11
124||8||18||3||11||0||153||11

Miguel Torres Gómez

Miguel Torres Gómez (born 28 January 1986) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Getafe.

52||0||8||0||7||0||67||0
52||0||8||0||7||0||67||0

Takayuki Kuwata

Kuwata was born in Hiroshima on June 26, 1941. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined his local club Toyo Industries in 1965. The club won Japan Soccer League champions for 4 years in a row (1965-1968). The club also won 1965, 1967 and 1969 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1969. He played 62 games and scored 34 goals in the league. He was selected Best Eleven in 1966 and 1967.

On May 28, 1961, when Kuwata was a Waseda University student, he debuted and scored a goal for the Japan national team against Malaya. In 1962, he also played and scored a goal at 1962 Asian Games. He played 5 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1962.

62||34
62||34

!Total||5||2

Juan Mata

Juan Manuel Mata (born 28 April 1988) is a Spanish football player. He plays for the Turkish Süper Lig club Galatasaray and Spain national team.

61||16||10||5||7||1||78||22
61||16||10||5||7||1||78||22

!Total||7||3

Ricardo Costa

Ricardo Miguel Moreira da Costa (; born 16 May 1981) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played mainly as a central defender but occasionally as a full-back.

Porto

VfL Wolfsburg

Orders

Zdeněk Grygera

Zdeněk Grygera (born 14 May 1980) is a former Czech football player.

139||6
78||8
55||3
272||17

!Total||65||2

Sparta Prague

Ajax

Rafinha (footballer, born 1987)

Rafael dos Santos de Oliveira (born 30 June 1987) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Thespa Kusatsu.

2||0||0||0||2||0
2||0||0||0||2||0


Kenji Koyano

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0


Yasushi Endo

Yasushi Endo (born 7 April 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kashima Antlers.

4||0||1||0||3||0||1||0||9||0
4||0||1||0||3||0||1||0||9||0


Goto

goto is a statement in many programming languages. It is a combination of the English words "go" and "to". It is a way to jump to another line of code.

Many languages support the goto statement, and many do not. In Java, goto is a reserved word, but cannot be used. (A "reserved word" is a word that is a "part" of the programming language and cannot be used for other things like naming variables.)

In Computer Science, there is a theory called the structured program theorem. This theory says that any program can be written in such a way that things are done with "functions" and "methods" (smaller sub-programs) instead of in one very big program and "goto" statements. The theory proves that the goto statement is not needed to write programs.

A goto statement is usually used with a "label". A label is a word that identifies a place in a piece of code. A goto statement in code usually looks like this:

In this example, the computer would jump to the location of "LABEL".

Many times the goto statement is, combined with the if statement. In this case, the computer will only jump to another place in the code if something is true. For example:

This can be read as "if "some condition is true", then go to the location of "LABEL"."

Different programming languages have different restrictions or limits on the use of goto statements. For example, the C programming language does not allow a goto to jump to a location inside of another function (subprogram).

Lisa M. Buttenheim

Lisa M. Buttenheim, a national of the United States, was appointed by the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon as his Special Representative and Head of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP)on 2 June 2010.She has extensive experience with the United Nations in political affairs and peacekeeping.

Buttenheim replaces Tayé-Brook Zerihoun of Ethiopia, who held the same function from May 2008 to April 2010. The Secretary-General expressed his gratitude to Zerihoun for his devotion and leadership of UNFICYP. In addition, Zerihoun served as the acting Deputy to the Special advisor of the Secretary-General on Cyprus. During his tenure, he provided assistance to the Secretary-General’s mission of good offices.

Before the appointment of Buttenheim, she was Director of the Middle East and West Asia Division in the Department of Political Affairs from January 2009. She previously served in the same department as Director of the Asia and Pacific Division from January to December 2008. She was Director of the Asia and Middle East Division in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations from April 2004 to December 2007. She served as Director and Head of the United Nations Office in Belgrade from March 2003 to March 2004.

Between May 1997 and February 2003, Buttenheim was Senior Political Adviser in the Office of the Director-General of the United Nations Office at Geneva.During the same period, she was also the acting Chief of Staff, Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General in the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK), Director and Senior Adviser in the Office of the Special Envoy for the Balkans in Geneva.

She joined the United Nations in March 1983 and held a number of positions in the Executive Office of the Secretary-General, the Office of the Under-Secretaries-General for Special Political Affairs in New York, and the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO) in Jerusalem.
Buttenheim holds a Master's degree in international economics and Middle East studies from Johns Hopkins University’s School of Advanced International Studies, in Washington, D.C., and a bachelor's degree in political science and English from Stanford University.
She was born in 1954 and is married to Jean-Claude Aimé, a former United Nations official.


Theanine

Theanine is a chemical that you find in tea and in some mushrooms. Theanine is an amino acid. The chemical theanine can change your mood, behavior and the way you see or feel things. It lowers stress and it is also an antioxidant. This is a good chemical that fights aging. Theanine helps the immune system. This protects your body against diseases.

Bichon Frisé

A Bichon Frise is a small, breed of dog, originally from Tenerife, then to France. The dog's coat is solid white. It is also very playful and friendly.

30 (number)

Thirty is a number. It is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 10, 15, and 30. It is a composite number. It is the number between 29 and 31. In roman numerals it is XXX.

80 (number)

Eighty is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 5, 8, 10, 16, 20, 40, and 80.

90 (number)

Ninety is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 9, 10, 15, 18, 30, 45, and 90.

Yazman Tehsil

Yazman Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Bahawalpur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Birdo

Birdo is a character in the Mario series. Birdo first appeared in "Super Mario Bros. 2". She is available as a trophy in "Super Smash Bros. Melee" and "Super Smash Bros. Brawl". In "Super Smash Bros. Melee", Birdo appears in the Mushroom Kingdom II stage. There, she shoots three eggs from either side of the stage. The eggs damage any character they hit. She is a playable character in games such as "" and "Mario Party 8". Birdo was originally a boy who thought he was a girl, but now is mostly considered a girl.

Tyler Fredrickson

Tyler Fredrickson (born February 26, 1981 in Santa Barbara, California) is an American football placekicker who used to play in the National Football League. He most recently played for the Oakland Raiders in some pre-season games in the 2007 season but was cut on September 2 of that year before the start of the regular season.

While at University of California, Berkeley, he created a film entitled "Countdown to Kickoff 2003" for his master's thesis in Education. Fredrickson is featured prominently in the Stefan Fatsis book "A Few Seconds of Panic".


Classless Inter-Domain Routing

Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) is a way of allocating IP addresses and routing Internet Protocol packets.

Typically CIDR is written like 10.0.0.0/8 or 192.168.1.0/24. 

Pa

Pa can mean any of the following:





Importance sampling

Importance sampling typically refers to a Monte Carlo method for sampling from a (target) distribution that cannot be sampled from directly. The method works by sampling from a proposal distribution (P(x)), which is ideally similar to the target distribution (Q(x)), and weighting each sample by the ratio of the likelihoods at the sampled point: w(x) = Q(x)/P(x).
The Rage: Carrie 2

The Rage: Carrie 2 is a 1999 American horror science fiction sequel movie. It follows classic 1976 horror movie "Carrie".

The director said that the movie shows how difficult it is to be a young woman today.

Rachael/Rachel, like Carrie, is a high school outcast who attends Bates High School, except that it is a new building because Carrie destroyed the first one. Also like Carrie, she has telekinetic powers, the ability to move things with your mind, powers. Throughout the movie, there is flashbacks to events that happened in the first movie. Unlike Carrie, the prom violence is graphic impalings with flying CDs and fireplace pokers. Rachael's telekinetic powers are first shown when her Lisa commits suicide by jumping off of the roof of the school.

Rob Nelson, of City Pages, said that the movie's obsessive focus on predatory teen-male sexuality — and female fragility in the face of it — clearly pegs this as the work of a feminist. Marc Savlov, of Austin Chronicle said that the movie does not even deliver one good shock.

John Doe

The name "John Doe" is used as a name in a legal action, case or discussion for a male person, whose true identity is unknown, anonymous or must be withheld for legal reasons. Male corpses or hospital patients whose identities are unknown may also be called "John Doe". The name "Jane Doe" is used for females.

John or Jane Doe is also use an example when a name is needed, for instance when showing how a form should be completed. "Joe Bloggs" is sometimes used in such a case.

AK-74

The AK-74 is a Russian made assault rifle. The letters AK stand for Avtomat Kalashnikova, which is Russian for Mikhail Kalashnikov's Automatic Rifle. The AK-74 is a later version of the AK-47 that has a few new features. The most important of these is that it fires a smaller cartridge, the 5.45x39.5mm Soviet.

Ambient occlusion

Ambient occlusion is a technique or series of techniques used in 3D computer graphics to estimate how light behaves more accurately. Inner crevices of objects (or space where two objects are close to each other) have less light and appear darker (have more shadow).

Imagine being inside a matte world with even light; the surface color is exactly the same everywhere, so you shouldn't be able to see any corners or edges; because of the described effect, you can. 

Bedbug

A bedbug (or bed bug) is a small, elusive, parasitic insect of the family Cimicidae. They live by feeding on the blood of humans and other warm-blooded animals.
The name 'bed bug' is used as the bug likes to live in houses, and especially in beds or other areas where people may sleep. Bedbugs are mainly active at night and can feed without people noticing. They leave a small itchy bite, like a mosquito.

Antonio Adán

Antonio Adán Garrido (born 13 May 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Portuguese club Sporting CP.

Real Madrid

Betis

Atlético Madrid

Spain U19

Yosuke Niwa

Yosuke Niwa (born 10 October 1940) is a former Japanese football player.

Simon Davies

Simon Davies (born 23 October 1979) is a Welsh football player. He plays for Fulham and Wales national team.

315||29||26||3||23||3||3||0||367||35
315||29||26||3||23||3||3||0||367||35

!Total||57||6

Takayuki Toyomitsu

Takayuki Toyomitsu (born 2 April 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Volca Kagoshima.

16||4||1||0||0||0||17||4
16||4||1||0||0||0||17||4

Gabriel (footballer, born 1987)

Gabriel Donizete de Santana (born 8 September 1987) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Sanat Naft.

16||2||2||0||3||1||20||3
16||2||2||0||3||1||20||3

Maya Yoshida

Yoshida was born in Nagasaki on August 24, 1988. He joined J1 League club Nagoya Grampus Eight (later "Nagoya Grampus") from their youth team in 2007. he played many matches as center back from first season. The club won the 2nd place in the 2009 Emperor's Cup. In January 2010, he moved to Dutch Eredivisie club VVV-Venlo. He played many matches from the 2010/11 season. In summer 2012, he moved to English Premier League club Southampton. He played 154 matches for the club in 8 seasons. In January 2020, he moved to Italian Serie A club Sampdoria.

In 2008, Yoshida was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2008 Summer Olympics. In January 2010, he was selected the Japan national team for 2011 Asian Cup qualification. At this qualification, he debuted against Yemen on January 6. He participated 2011 Asian Cup. He played 5 matches and Japan won the champions. After the 2011 Asian Cup, he became a regular player as center back. In 2012, he was selected the Japan U-23 national team as over aged player for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played all 6 matches as captain and Japan won the 4th place. He also played at 2013 Confederations Cup, 2014 World Cup and 2015 Asian Cup. In 2018, he participated 2018 World Cup. He played all 4 matches and Japan qualified to the knockout stage. After the 2018 World Cup, he became a captain as Makoto Hasebe successor. In 2019, he played at 2019 Asian Cup and Japan won the 2nd place.

71||5||11||3||8||1||11||2||101||11
54||5||1||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||55||5
154||6||11||1||19||2||10||0||194||9
14||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||14||0
293||16||23||4||27||3||21||2||364||25

!Total||104||11

Oribe Niikawa

Oribe Niikawa (born 16 July 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Ryukyu.

1||0||1||0||2||0||1||1||5||1
1||0||1||0||2||0||1||1||5||1

Shohei Yamamoto

Shohei Yamamoto (born 29 August 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for V-Varen Nagasaki.

187||6||7||0||0||0||194||6
187||6||7||0||0||0||194||6

Abraão Lincoln Martins

Abraão Lincoln Martins (born 14 June 1983) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Oriente Petrolero.

64||22||2||2||66||24
64||22||2||2||66||24

Cristian Brocchi

Cristian Brocchi (born 30 January 1976) is an Italian football player. He plays for Lazio.

325||23||39||2||36||0||400||25
325||23||39||2||36||0||400||25

!Total||1||0

Nicklas Bendtner

Nicklas Bendtner (born 16 January 1988) is a Danish football player. He plays for Rosenborg BK and Denmark national team. He is also the best player in the world

100||25||9||3||14||5||18||4||141||37
100||25||9||3||14||5||18||4||141||37

!Total||31||10

Mbo Mpenza

Mbo Mpenza (born 4 December 1976) is a former Belgian football player. He has played for Belgium national team.

303||113
35||3
0||0
0||0
338||116

!Total||56||3

Marco Streller

Marco Streller (born 18 June 1981) is a Swiss football player. He plays for Basel and Switzerland national team.

112||55
69||12
181||67

!Total||31||11

Oscar B. Cintas

Oscar Benjamin Cintas, (born Sagua la Grande, Cuba, 1887; died New York City, N.Y. 1957) was an important sugar and railroad magnate. He served as Cuba’s ambassador to the United States from 1932 until 1934.

Cintas used to be a Cuban Ambassador to the United States. Cintas liked to collect art and manuscripts. He had bought the Bliss Copy for $54,000 at a public auction in 1949. It "set a new high record for the sale of a document at public auction". The Castro government claimed Cintas' properties after it became powerful in 1959. Cintas had willed the Gettysburg Address to the American people if it would be kept at the White House. Cintas died in 1957. It was moved there in 1959 and is still there today.

Hyperopia

Hyperopia (also called hypermetropia or far-sightedness) is a problem with the focusing ability of the eye. People with hyperopia have an easier time seeing things that are far away than seeing things that are up close. Inside the eye is the lens which can change shape to change the focusing power of the eye and make things look clear. Someone who is not far-sighted only needs to use their lens to make far objects look clear. But for someone with hyperopia, their lens has to do that even when they're looking far away, and it has to work extra hard to make close objects look clear. 

Many people with small amounts of hyperopia don't have any problems seeing up close because it's easy for their lens to focus all the time, especially when they're children. But if they have more hyperopia, they often get headaches and eyestrain when they read for a long time because the muscle that controls the lens gets tired.

Hyperopia can be corrected with glasses, contact lenses, or surgery.

Dispersion

Dispersion is the idea that the frequency of a wave influences its velocity (speed). Dispersion is most easily seen in the refraction of light, when all the colors inside white light become separated by a prism. 

When a white beam is shone at the prism, all the colors in the light (color spectrum) are slowed when they meet the prism. Each color then refracts (bends) at a different angle, making us see a rainbow.

Dispersion is also important in telecommunication when different parts of a signal arrive at different times.

Absorption spectroscopy

Absorption spectroscopy is a technique used to find out what makes up a sample of a substance – in other words, a chemical analysis.

When a full spectrum of light (light with all the colours, like light from the sun) passes through the sample (which is often a gas) some specific colours do not show up on the other side. These colours of light are being absorbed by the sample. An image is created of the spectrum of light with black breaks where the light has been absorbed. These breaks are called absorption lines, and every element has its characteristic pattern of absorption lines.

On an atomic scale, this happens because of the electrons in the atoms of the sample - an electron can absorb light to gain energy. From experiments, electrons only ever absorb certain amounts of energy, suggesting an electron's energy must fit onto set, quantised, discrete "energy levels". The process of an electron going to a higher energy level is called "excitation". For any atom of a particular element, the energy needed to excite an electron from one specific energy level to another will be the same. This is important because it allows us to compare the absorption lines of say, the atmosphere of a far away planet, to the absorption lines of elements we know to exist in a lab. We can then reach a conclusion about what the distant planet's atmosphere may be made of.

The missing colours give us information about the energy of the photons that cause excitation. Note that the energy gained by the excited electron is equal to the energy of the incident photon (a particle of light), so only photons with fitting energies will cause an excitation. The energy of a photon is proportional to its frequency:" "

formula_1

Where "E" is the energy of a photon, "h" is Planck's constant (a constant is a set number that doesn't change) and "f" is the frequency of the photon. Since a colour can be described as a specific frequency of light, this is why the black breaks can be used to identify element(s) which the light is passing through.

The intensity of the absorption varies as a function of frequency, and this variation is the absorption spectrum.

In chemistry, the technique is used to detect and measure concentrations of a particular metal element within a solution. The scientists atomise the sample (make it turn to individual atoms) and then see what light wavelengths it absorbs. Each type of chemical (element) absorbs a particular wavelength, so scientists can tell which chemicals are in the sample. Every element has a different atomic absorption spectrum because of the different light wavelengths it absorbs.

Kim Jung-nam

Kim Jung-Nam (, Hanja: 金正男, born January 28, 1943) is a South Korean association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team, including the 1964 Summer Olympics.

He was a K-League manager; and he served as K-League Vice President.

Jun Sonoda

3||0||1||0||0||0||1||0||5||0
3||0||1||0||0||0||1||0||5||0

Takefumi Toma

Takefumi Toma (born 21 March 1989) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kashima Antlers.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0


Yuji Funayama

34||8||2||0||2||0||0||0||38||8
34||8||2||0||2||0||0||0||38||8

Kosuke Yoshii

95||8||2||1||97||9
95||8||2||1||97||9

Atsushi Ichimura

Atsushi Ichimura (born 18 November 1984) is a Japanese professional athlete. He is best known as a Association football or soccer player.

198||8||10||1||208||9
198||8||10||1||208||9

Tadayo Fukuo

116||7||5||0||0||0||121||7
116||7||5||0||0||0||121||7

Snowy River National Park

Snowy River National Park is a national park in Victoria (Australia), 323 km east of Melbourne. The park includes much of the Snowy River.

A lot of the park is a protected wilderness area, with no access for vehicles. The park in the Little River Gorge area, has one of the last natural habitats for the endangered Brush-tailed Rock Wallaby. Numbers for this species are estimated as extremely small, with the rugged terrain making it difficult to count the population. Over 250 species have been found in the park, 29 are rare or threatened in Victoria. These include the Long-footed Potoroo, Spotted Quoll (Tiger Quoll), Giant Burrowing Frog and Eastern She-oak Skink.

Little River Gorge is Victoria's deepest gorge. The Little River drops 610 metres from the Wulgulmerang plateau over a distance 14 km to where it joins the Snowy River at a height of 122 metres above sea level.

McKillops Road is the northern park boundary, with the Alpine National Park to the north of the road. The road is not suitable for caravans, trailers and large trucks because it is steep and winding. At McKillops Bridge the road which crosses the Snowy River near its junction with the Deddick River. A camping site near McKillops Bridge has excellent spots for swimming. It is also a good place to begin canoe and raft trips through the rugged gorges downstream. It is the start for the 18km Silver Mine Walking Track and the short Snowy River Trail.

Kill.switch

kill.switch is a shooting video game for many platforms. It was released on Oct 28, 2003. Created by Namco. It is rated T for Teenager.

Croissant

The croissant is a type of bread shaped like a crescent moon. It is usually eaten for breakfast in various countries. It can be called a crescent or a crescent roll. Although a crescent roll may be smaller. It is made of a variant of puff pastry. A croissant can be eaten with savory or sweet fillings thats what makes it good

Breads shaped like crescents have been around since the Medieval times. Before the croissant, there was a version of the croissant called a "feteer meshaltet". It came from Egypt. Many years later, a crescent-shaped version of feteer meshaltet was made. It was called "feteer halali" (crescent feteer). The feteer halali became popular throughout Europe, especially France. Later, feteer halali became known as a croissant. 

Croissants used to be only available to aristocrats. Marie Antoinette is believed to have introduced it to the French elites. Now they are available in any supermarkets. 

So Cold (Breaking Benjamin song)

"So Cold" is a very successful song by alternative metal band, Breaking Benjamin. "So Cold" came off from their album "We Are Not Alone".

Suguru Hino

Suguru Hino (born 29 July 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Tokushima Vortis.

76||0||6||0||3||0||85||0
76||0||6||0||3||0||85||0


Grizzly Rage

Grizzly Rage is a Syfy (used to be called The Sci-Fi Channel) television movie.

Four high school friends go to the woods to celebrate their graduation. When they break into a part of the woods that is closed, they hit and kill a grizzly cub with their car. Now the mother of the cub tries to attack and kill the four teenagers.

The movie is widescreen, has a Dolby Digital English 5.1 stereo track, and has no extras.

David Johnson, of DVD Verdict, said that there are better ways to spend your time instead of watching this movie. Paul Mavis, of DVD Talk, said that the movie fulfills none of the requirements of a bear attack exploitationer. A Bloody Disgusting review says that the movie is a pretty silly but satisfying flick.


Trapezius muscle

In human, trapezius muscle or trapezius is a large muscle that extends longitudinally on the upper portion of a human spine. Its functions are to move the scapulae and support the arm.

The trapezius has three functional regions: the superior region, which supports the weight of the arm; the intermediate region, which retracts the scapulae; and the inferior region, which rotates and depresses the scapulae.

The upper portion of the trapezius can be developed by elevating the shoulders. Middle fibers are developed by pulling shoulder blades together. The lower part can be developed by drawing the shoulder blades downward while keeping the arms almost straight and stiff.


William of Ockham

William of Ockham was a Franciscan friar who lived in the 14th century. He was born around 1285, in Ockham, Surrey, England, and died on 9 April 1347 in Munich. He was a scholastic philosopher and theologian. He is most famous for inventing Occam's razor. He wrote about logic, epistemology, natural philosophy, political philosophy, metaphysics and ethics. 

William of Ockham went to school at the University of Oxford, where he studied theology. After he graduated, he became a teacher of philosophy at the school. However, the Church did not like the ideas he was teaching, and brought him to court on charges of heresy in 1327. Because he was afraid he would be executed, William of Ockham fled the school and spent the rest of his life living with a group of friars who also did not like the large power that the Church had.

Palm cockatoo

The palm cockatoo (binomial name Probosciger aterrimus) (also known as the goliath cockatoo) is a black or dark-gray parrot of the cockatoo family. 

In the wild, it eats nuts and palm tree fruit by cracking them open with its strong and curved beak. In captivity, people feed palm cockatoos a variety of fruits, vegetables, and nuts. Palm cockatoos are native to Cape York Peninsula in northern Australia, the Aru Islands, Papua New Guinea, and other surrounding smaller islands. Palm cockatoo are common in these places, but scientists believe they are becoming less common because people are using their habitat for mining. They are intelligent and can be kept as pets.

Sterling Knight

Sterling Knight (born March 5, 1989) in Houston, Texas. is an American actor, and singer. He is in "Sonny With a Chance" as Chad Dylan Cooper. He also in plays Christopher Wilde in "Starstruck". He will be playing Ty Parker in the upcoming movie "Elle: A Modern Cinderella Tale".

Sterling Knight was born in Houston, Texas. He has a younger sister, Samantha Scarlett, and a younger brother, Spencer Shuga. He lived in Texas before moving to Los Angeles, California to keep going with his acting career.

Knight had acted in many Houston theater plays like "On Golden Pond", "Lost in Yonkers", "Bye Bye Birdie" and "Mad Adventures of Mr. Toad.".

Cn

CN, Cn, cn and other variants may refer to:










Robert Kiprono Cheruiyot

Robert Kiprono Cheruiyot (born 1988) is a Kenyan marathon runner. Cheruiyot was the winner of the 2010 Boston Marathon, setting a course record. He finished fifth in the 2009 Boston Marathon.
He won the 2008 Frankfurt Marathon, setting a course record, and finished second in the 2009 Frankfurt Marathon.

Cheruiyot is not related to countryman and fellow marathon runner Robert Kipkoech Cheruiyot, although their similar names are often mentioned in press articles. Robert Kiprono Cheruiyot broke Robert Kipkoech Cheruiyot's course record when he won the Boston Marathon in 2010.

Bellatrix Lestrange

Bellatrix Lestrange (née Bellatrix Black) is a fictional character of the "Harry Potter" series and is the sister of Narcissa Malfoy, the wife of Lucius Malfoy, and Draco Malfoy's aunt. Her parents are Cygnus Black III and Druella Black (née Rosier) and the eldest of three sisters: Bellatrix, Andromeda and Narcissa. She is an enthusiastic Death Eater who believes that Lord Voldemort is the supreme and everyone should follow him. She marries Rodolphus Lestrange, but it was Voldemort that she truly loved. In the Harry Potter movies she was played by Helena Bonham Carter. She has been to Azkaban, the wizard prison, but Lord Voldemort helped her and the other Death Eaters in Azkaban escape. She is killed by Molly Weasley at the end of book 7 when she attempts to kill Ginny Weasley with the killing curse Avada Kedavra. But her infamous legacy lived on through her illegitimate daughter, Delphini, who was born due to Bellatrix's relationship with Lord Voldemort.
Her name literally means "female warrior" in Latin, which is a nod to her aggressive behavior. Her surname Lestrange is a French variant of "strange", a perfect description of her strange personality and her maiden name Black is also a telltale about her dark life, as the color itself doesn't absorb light at all.

Long Wittenham

Long Wittenham is a village on the south bank of the River Thames in South Oxfordshire. In 1974 it came from Berkshire to the county of Oxfordshire.

There are crop marks (dating from the 6th Century) that there must have been a large collection of buildings, maybe a royal palace or at least high status Saxon enclosure. The number of objects that were found in Saxon burial sites around the village support this. These large, Saxon burial sites also indicate a good sized population, that lasted over many years.

The village was mentioned in the Domesday Book. By Tudor times, it had a population of around 200, with crops: wheat, oats, barley and even rye. Following a local legend Oliver Cromwell addressed the villagers on his way to his niece's wedding, in neighbouring Little Wittenham.

The village Cross has First Millennial origins: the base dating from the 7th century. St. Birinus preached here when he brought Christianity to the area. The Church of England parish church of Saint Mary, begun around 1120, is on the site of a previous Saxon church. Cruck Cottage can be architecturally dated to being around 800 years old and as such is (possibly) the oldest house in South Oxfordshire.

The building housing Pendon Museum, originally started life as The Three Poplars - a working man's pub. It was sold in 1954 and now houses a model railway museum.

Long Wittenham is in the Thames Valley north of Didcot, and southeast of Abingdon. To the west is the village of Appleford, which has the nearest railway station, on the line between Didcot and Oxford.



Hitoshi Morishita (footballer, born 1967)

Hitoshi Morishita (born 9 December 1967) is a former Japanese football player.

Masahiko Kuboyama

Masahiko Kuboyama (born 1964) is a former Japanese football player.

Hitoshi Tomishima

77||8||0||0||16||3||93||11
77||8||0||0||16||3||93||11


Sun Xiang

Sun Xiang (born 15 January 1982) is a Chinese football player. He plays for Guangzhou Evergrande and China PR national team.

136||13
5||0
19||2
150||15

!Total||49||4

Manuel Pablo

Manuel Pablo (born 25 January 1976) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Deportivo La Coruña.

310||4482
310||2

!Total||13||2862

Shogo Shiozawa

Shogo Shiozawa (born 9 September 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sagawa Printing.

104||25||4||0||108||25
104||25||4||0||108||25

Aldo Duscher

Aldo Duscher (born 24 March 1979) is an Argentine football player. He plays for Sevilla.

31||1
55||6
218||5
304||12

!Total||3||0

Álvaro Arbeloa

Álvaro Arbeloa Coca (born 17 January 1983) is a retired Spanish footballer player. He has played for Real Madrid, Liverpool, and the Spanish national team.

!Total||56||0

Liverpool

Real Madrid

Spain

Wilson Mano

Wilson Carlos Mano (born 23 May 1964) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

He played for Corinthians for seven years, but not always a starter. But never declined an opportunity to enter the field, especially for its versatility. Originally a steering wheel, played on both sides, in the core of defense after the half and attack. All wore shirts possible, except for the number 1, the goalkeeper.
Such dedication to the club earned him a reward: even getting several departures from the bank, Mano Wilson became the 15th player Corinthians with more games played, with 408 matches.


143||11
143||11

!Total||1||0

Tomoya Osawa (footballer, born 1984)

Tomoya Osawa (born 22 October 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sagawa Shiga.

95||16||2||0||0||0||97||16
95||16||2||0||0||0||97||16


Sonkyo Nomura

Sonkyo Nomura (born 22 September 1941) is a former Japanese football player.

Francismar

Francismar Carioca de Oliveira (born 18 April 1984) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Atlético Goianiense.

4||0||0||0||1||0||5||0
4||0||0||0||1||0||5||0

Blerim Džemaili

Blerim Džemaili (born 12 April 1986) is a Swiss football player. He plays for Parma and Switzerland national team.

111||9
0||0
30||0
141||9

!Total||10||0

Dominique Rocheteau

Dominique Rocheteau (born 14 January 1955) is a former French football player. He has played for France national team.

Saint-Étienne

Paris Saint-Germain

France

Pablo Mastroeni

Pablo Mastroeni (born August 29, 1976) is an American soccer coach and former player who is the head coach of Major League Soccer club Real Salt Lake.

257||4
257||4

!Total||64||0

José Nasazzi

José Nasazzi Yarza (24 March 1901 – 17 June 1968) is a former Uruguayan football player. He has played for Uruguay national team.

!Total||41||0







Savo Milošević

Savo Milošević (born 2 September 1973) is a former Serbian football player. He has played for Serbia national team.

98||74
90||28
241||90
31||9
16||3
476||204

!Total||102||37

Snowy River

The Snowy River is a major river in south-eastern Australia. It starts on the slopes of Mount Kosciuszko, Australia's highest mountain. It gets its water from the eastern slopes of the Snowy Mountains in New South Wales, and then flows through the Snowy River National Park in Victoria and finally into Bass Strait. Up until the middle of the 20th century, the river was known for the large amount of fresh water it carried, its wide reach and large rapids. 

The river's course and surroundings have not changed very much, as it is protected by the Snowy River National Park. However, its flow of water was almost stopped in the 1950's by the building of the Snowy Mountains Scheme to make hydroelectricity. Four large dams were built, at Guthega, Island Bend, Eucumbene, and Jindabyne, as well as many smaller dams and tunnels. Less than 1% of the river flow, as measured at Jindabyne, New South Wales, continued to flow down the river. Concern over the health of river led to an agreement between the state and federal governments to increase the amount of water released back into the river. From 2002 to 2008 the flow was increased from 1% to 4%. The agreement planned to increase the flow to 15% by 2009 and 21% by 2012.

Maxwell House

Maxwell House is a corporation of Kraft Foods. It is based only on coffee. It makes both personal and industrial loads of coffee and supplies worldwide. It was started in 1892. Its headquarters are in Tarrytown, New York, U.S.A.

Ben Hogan

Ben Hogan (August 13, 1912 – July 25, 1997) was a very successful golfer. He played in many big golf tournaments. Many things are named after Hogan, including golf tournaments.

Arsenic and Old Lace

Arsenic and Old Lace is a 1944 movie. In it, two women poison old men with arsenic if they think the men are lonely. Their brother Teddy buries the men in the basement. Cary Grant and Peter Lorre starred in this film.

Aleksandr Kerzhakov

Aleksandr Kerzhakov (born 27 November 1982) is a retired Russian football player. He played for Zenit St. Petersburg, Dynamo Moscow, Sevilla and Zürich. He is currently the top scorer of the Russian national team.

!Total||91||30

This is a list of all the awards and tournaments he won with his team.






Makoto Watanabe

Makoto Watanabe (born 25 September 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kataller Toyama.

175||16||11||0||186||16
175||16||11||0||186||16


Kazuaki Kamizono

Kazuaki Kamizono (born 28 January 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kataller Toyama.

217||20||15||3||0||0||232||23
217||20||15||3||0||0||232||23


Yuya Nagatomi

Yuya Nagatomi (born 30 July 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kataller Toyama.

139||27||6||0||145||27
139||27||6||0||145||27


Kyohei Noda

Kyohei Noda (born 6 October 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gifu.

130||0||10||0||0||0||14||0
130||0||10||0||0||0||14||0


Slashing

Slashing is an illegal hockey or lacrosse play. A referee calls slashing when a player swings their hockey stick at an opposing player. Slashing is called whether or not the player is hit with the stick. It can also be called if a player breaks an opposing player's stick with their own.

The penalty can be small or large. It often depends on how badly the opposing player is injured.

Pat Patterson

Pierre Clermont (March 19, 1941 – December 2, 2020) was a Canadian professional wrestler. He was better known by the ring name Pat Patterson. He worked as a creative consultant for the WWE.

His career highlights were 2 matches against Sgt. Slaughter at Madison Square Garden in 1981. The rematch was called an "Alley Fight" (with no referee) and remains the wildest and one of the greatest matches in wrestling history. Patterson was the very first man to hold the Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship. Patterson was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 1996. Patterson invented the WWE Royal Rumble, which is one of the most popular type of matches and is a hit with fans every year since the first one in 1988.

Patterson was openly gay.

Patterson died of cancer at a Miami, Florida hospital on December 2, 2020. He was 79 years old.


Peer support

Peer support is when a peer who has had the same experience helps another person by teaching them and listening to them. For a person with a disability, peer support is when a disabled person helps another person with the same kind of disability learn about independence and equal rights and how to take part in society. Peer support can help any kind of person who has any kind of problem. Some people can become peer mentors to help younger people. 

The Article 26 of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities requires also peer support as rehabilitation.

Sulphur-crested cockatoo

Sulphur-crested cockatoos (binomial name Cacatua galerita) are large white parrots with yellow heads and tails. There are four subspecies of the bird. They live in Australian forests. Farmers do not like sulphur-crested cockatoos because the cockatoos eat vegetables that the farmers have grown. They are a protected species, but sometimes get shot.

Many people like sulphur-crested cockatoos and keep them as pets. They are very loud and have a natural desire to chew wood and other materials. They are very long-lived. In captivity they can live to 70 years. One cockatoo called Fred was still alive at 100 years of age in 2014. 

Salty liquorice

Salty liquorice, or Salmiak, is a salt candy that is eaten in Finland, Sweden and the Netherlands. The candy comes in different strengths; in the Netherlands, it comes as "Zout" (salt), "Dubbel zout" (double salt, or DZ) and "Drievoudig zout" (triple salt, or 3Z). The substance used to give salt liquorice its characteristic taste is not regular table salt, sodium chloride (NaCl), but ammonium chloride (NHCl). The Dutch name for this type of liquorice, Salmiak, comes from the words "sal ammoniac", another name for ammonium chloride.

Gotland

Gotland is an island on the east coast of Sweden. It has a total area of 2,994 square km. It is also the biggest Swedish island. Visby is the biggest city on Gotland.

Almunge

Almunge is a small city near Uppsala in Sweden. There were 813 people living here in 2010.

Roger Sherman

Roger Sherman (April 19, 1721 – July 23, 1793) was an American politician. He was from Connecticut. He is the only person to have signed the Articles of Association, the Declaration of Independence, the Articles of Confederation and the United States Constitution: the four great documents of the starting of the United States. He served in the Continental Congress for several years. Along with Thomas Jefferson, Ben Franklin, John Adams and Robert Livingstone, he was one of the people who helped write the Declaration of Independence. Sherman created the Great (Connecticut) Compromise at the Constitutional Convention. After the Constitution was passed, he was a Congressman and Senator from Connecticut. He also proposed a two-house legislature. Roger Sherman started out as a poor boy in Connecticut. His first career was shoe-making.

Hebrew people

The Hebrews (Hebrew: עברים or עבריים) is an ancient Semitic people of Middle East. They are ancestors of Israelites, son of Isaac and Arabs son of Ishmael and descend from Shem, son of Noah and cousin as the descendants of Japheth and the descendants of Ham. 

They escape from Ancient Egypt is recounted in Torah in book called Exodus in English, or "" שמות in Hebrew.



Roundheads

The Roundheads were a group of people who supported Parliament & Oliver Cromwell during the English Civil War. They were also called 'Parliamentarians'. They fought against Charles I and the Cavaliers otherwise known as 'Royalists'. The Parliamentary army put their soldiers in red coats. The British army continued using red in later centuries.

Some Puritans, but by no means all, wore their hair closely cropped round the head or flat and there was an obvious contrast between them and the men of fashion, who wore long ringlets. "Roundheads" appears to have been first used as a term of derision toward the end of 1641, when the debates in Parliament in the Clergy Act 1640 were causing riots at Westminster. According to John Rushworth the word was first used on 27 December 1641 by a disbanded officer named David Hide, who during a riot is reported to have drawn his sword and said he would "cut the throat of those round-headed dogs that bawled against bishops". A few decades later “Whigs” was the word for men of similar opinions.

Cavaliers

Cavaliers was a nickname for the people who fought for King Charles I of England during the English Civil War. They fought against the Roundheads and Parliament. At first the name applied only to the royalist cavalry; the words are similar because they were originally the same word.

Mall of America

Mall of America (also MOA, MoA, the Megamall) is a large shopping mall in the Twin Cities suburb of Bloomington, Minnesota, USA. The mall is southeast of the junction of Interstate 494 and Minnesota State Highway 77, north of the Minnesota River and is across the interstate from the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. In the United States, it is the second-largest inside mall in terms of retail space but is largest in terms of total enclosed floor area. Opened in 1992, the mall received 40 million visitors in 2006.

"Triple Five Group", owned by the Ghermezian family of Canada, fully owns and manages the property, and has also owned West Edmonton Mall in Canada.

In addition to the inside of the mall, outside of the mall are additional hotels, kiosks, restaurants, and stores. The Mall of America and the additional businesses meet at the South Loop District in Bloomington.

Mall of America (founded by John Scott & Benjamin Clark) has a gross area of 4.2 million square feet (390,000 m²), with 2.5 million sq ft. (230,000 m²) available as retail space. The mall is a nearly symmetric building, with a roughly rectangular floor plan. Over 520 stores are arranged along three levels of pedestrian walkways on the sides of the rectangle, with a fourth level on the East side. An addition planned north of the mall will allow for up to 900 stores. Four "anchor" department stores are at the corners. The Mall is organized into four different zones, each with its own decorative style.

Despite Minnesota's often cold temperatures in the winter, only the mall's entrances are heated. Heat is allowed in through skylights above Nickelodeon Universe. Heat is produced by lighting fixtures, other electric devices and also by employees and guests of the mall in sufficient amounts to keep it comfortable. In fact, even during the winter, air conditioning systems need to be run nonstop during peak hours to ensure a comfortable shopping environment.

Although the common areas are unheated, the individual stores do have heating systems.

Two nearly identical seven story parking ramps on east and west sides provide 12,550 parking spaces. Parking lots on the north and south of the building, along with nearby overflow parking, bring the total number of spaces up to approximately 20,000.

The mall was designed and built by "Triple Five Group", owned by the Ghermezian brothers of Canada, who also own the biggest shopping mall in North America, the West Edmonton Mall. Mall of America is on the past site of Metropolitan Stadium, where the Minnesota Vikings and Minnesota Twins played until the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome opened. The teams left Metropolitan Stadium in 1982. A plaque in the amusement park is where home plate used to be in that stadium. One seat from Met Stadium was placed in Mall of America at its exact location (including elevation) in the stadium, to recognize a 520 foot home run hit by hall-of-famer Harmon Killebrew on June 3, 1967.

In 1986, The Bloomington Port Authority signed an agreement with the Ghermezian Organization. Groundbreaking for the mall took place on June 14, 1989. Organizations involved include Melvin Simon and Associates, Teachers Insurance and Annuity (a.k.a. TIAA), the Triple Five Group, and the office of architect Jon Jerde.

The mall opened its doors to the public August 11, 1992. Even before opening, Mall of America had earned several nicknames, including "The Megamall" (or "The Megamess" during construction), "Sprawl of America", "Hugedale" (in reference to the four major "Dale" shopping malls within the Twin Cities, Rosedale, Southdale, Ridgedale and Brookdale) and, simply, "The Mall".

It became the second largest shopping mall in total area and largest in total store vendors in the United States when it opened, however, the mall has never been the largest in the world (the West Edmonton Mall, opened in 1991, is larger). Mall of America is the most visited shopping mall in the world with more than 40 million visitors annually (or roughly eight times the population of the state of Minnesota). The mall employs over 12,000 workers.

Starting on September 4, 1995, The Mall had an event for live television for the first time. Time-Warner owned professional wrestling company World Championship Wrestling set up in the building for the Inaugural edition of WCW Monday Nitro - also the WCW debut of Lex Luger, under his "The Narcissist" gimmick. This first broadcast on Turner Network Television, along with later editions broadcast from the Mall, would become a well known part of the federation's competition with The World Wrestling Federation.

During its run as a large entertainment and retail venue, certain aspects-such as-have been criticized and closely looked at. A Mardi Gras themed bar, Fat Tuesdays, shut its doors in early 2000 due to indecent exposure and alcohol related offenses, for ignoring warnings from the mall and Bloomington police to not repeat incidents caught on tape the year before. Following that incident were other problems, such as foot traffic within the Mall after the bars (all on the fourth floor) had closed for the evening. The Mall storefronts were closed, however. The Hooters restaurant, the Cantina #1 restaurant and the Theatres at Mall of America movie theater are the only establishments remaining on the fourth floor.

In 2003, after a six year legal battle between Simon Property Group, the managing general partner of the property, and the Ghermezian brothers/Triple Five Group, over majority ownership of the site, a federal appeals judge ruled in favor of the Ghermezians, effectively transferring control and planning authority of the mall back to its original founders. The dispute stemmed from a 1999 purchase of Teacher's Insurance's 27.5% equity stake by Simon Properties, giving them majority ownership. The Ghermezians claimed they were never told of the deal and sued Simon, citing fiduciary responsibility.

On November 3, 2006, the Ghermezians gained full control of Mall of America, spending US$1 billion to do so. The ruling cleared the way for Triple Five to begin work on what is being called "Phase II".

On December 24, 2022, A person opened fire killing one person in the mall.

Phase II is the planned expansion for MOA, developing a large, empty area of land north of the mall which was the former home of the Met Center indoor arena and integrating an IKEA store built on a portion of the property in 2004. Phase II, in current form, includes a dinner theatre, ice rink, three hotels, and a waterpark; similar in design to the West Edmonton Mall. The expansion will not make MOA exceed the size of the WEM (itself going under expansion).

MOA currently estimates costs of $1.9 billion for the expansion, doubling the mall's size with a 5.2 million-square-foot extension. The mall's developers have asked for $234 million in state and local subsidies, but the request was vetoed as part of a larger bill by Gov. Tim Pawlenty on its first appearance in the 2006-07 session.

In the meantime, MOA has signed papers to bring in Great Wolf Resorts as the waterpark operator, as well as Bass Pro Shops and a Kimpton Hotel. The expansion section will connect to the mall on all four levels, and an adjacent IKEA store via a second level bridge. There will be an NHL-sized ice rink for public & private skating. There will also be an additional parking ramp, adding 8,000 parking spaces.

There will also be fine art exhibits planned in the expansion, and two upscale department stores. Another plan that was in the works would have been fashions, architecture, and restaurants based after Europe.

On May 18, 2008, the Minnesota State Legislature passed a bill granting the city of Bloomington the right to raise property and sales taxes to pay for the MOA expansion.

Nickelodeon Universe is an indoor theme park in the center of the mall, formerly known as Knott's Camp Snoopy, Camp Snoopy, and The Park at MOA. The park features roller coasters, among numerous other rides and attractions, and is the largest indoor theme park in the United States. Unlike many indoor amusement parks, Nickelodeon Universe has a great deal of natural foliage in and about the park, and its floor has a wide variance in height - the highest ground level in the park is 15 feet above the lowest. This allows for a far more naturalistic experience than would normally occur in an indoor amusement park.

The park features two new roller coasters; SpongeBob SquarePants Rock Bottom Plunge and Avatar Airbender. It also has a miniature golfing section called Moose Mountain. With 18 holes, it is designed to create a challenge for players hoping to seek a hole in one.

Guests travel through a 300 foot long curved tunnel through 14 feet of water to view over 4,500 sea creatures including sharks, turtles, stingrays, and many more. Underwater Adventures offers special events such as sleepovers, scuba diving, snorkeling, and birthday parties.



Twin Cities public events:




The mall is used as a major transportation hub in the region, with bus and light rail service linking the mall to other destinations. Regular public transit service is provided by Metro Transit and other area bus lines, and nearby Mystic Lake Casino offers free shuttles to their establishment. The primary bus/rail station for scheduled local service is in the lower level of the eastern parking ramp. There, the Hiawatha Line light rail line connects the mall to the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport and from there to downtown Minneapolis (another major shopping destination in the region, particularly during weekdays). The mall is being discouraged as a park and ride facility, and overnight parking is banned to prevent passengers taking the train to the airport. Commuters are encouraged to use the nearby 28th Avenue Station's parking lot. The mall is the first stop on the Cedar Avenue Bus Rapid Transitway and the nineteenth, final stop on the Hiawatha Line.



Fairbanks (disambiguation)

Fairbanks is a city in Alaska. It may also refer to:





Petronas

Petronas is a Malaysian-owned oil and gas company that was founded on August 17, 1974. Petronas is owned by the Malaysia government. It is in charge of all of the oil and gas resources in Malaysia.

Telefónica

Telefónica () is a Spanish broadband and telecommunications provider in Europe and Latin America. The company was created in Madrid in 1924 as Compañía Telefónica Nacional de España (CTNE) with ITT as one of its major shareholders.

As well as the brand, it also trades as Movistar, O2, and Vivo. The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.


Union (American Civil War)

During the American Civil War, the Union meant the federal government of the United States, which was supported by the twenty free states and five border states. It was opposed by 11 Southern slave states. The Union states included the Western states of California, Oregon, and (after 1864) Nevada. They also included states then called the "Old Northwest" and now usually thought to be part of the Midwest. However, the Union has been also often called "the North", both then and now. The Union states were mostly richer and more industrialized.

The Union states were:


Painful sexual act

Painful sexual act is a medical problem where a person feels pain in their genitals before, during, or after a sexual act. Doctors call this problem dyspareunia. It can have physical or emotional causes. Both men and women can have dyspareunia. Up to one-fifth of women (one in every five) may have dyspareunia at some point in their lives.

When a woman experiences a painful sexual act, the pain may distract her from feeling pleasure and excitement. Her vagina will be less wet and will not expand as much as usual. When the vagina is dry and undilated, thrusting of the penis is painful. Even after the original cause of her pain has disappeared, a woman may feel pain simply because she expects pain.

In most cases, painful sexual acts have a physical cause at first. There are many physical problems that can cause or worsen painful sexual act. A doctor may be able to identify the cause by doing a careful physical examination and medical history. Some of the most common physical causes are infections of the vagina, urinary tract, cervix, or fallopian tubes; endometriosis; scar tissue left by surgery (like an episiotomy); and ovarian cysts and tumors. Common infections are mycoses (infections caused by a fungus), candidiasis, chlamydia, trichomoniasis, urinary tract infections, coliform bacteria, monilial organisms and herpes). Painful sexual acts can also be caused by problems with a woman's anatomy, like hymenal remnants (pieces of the hymen that stay in the vagina) or female genital mutilation, or when the entrance to the vagina has become too small for normal penetration (Sarrell and Sarrell 1989).

In women who are past menopause, a common cause of painful sexual act is having too little estrogen. In women who are breastfeeding, a common cause is dryness of the vagina. Women who are getting radiation therapy for cancer in the pelvic area may have pain during sex because the walls of the vagina have atrophied (wasted away) and are more sensitive to injury. Dryness in the vagina can also be a cause of painful sexual act for women with Sjögren's syndrome, which attacks the glands that create saliva and tears.

Painful sexual acts may be one of the first symptoms of cystitis (a bladder infection). People with cystitis may have bladder pain during or after sex. Women with cystitis usually have pain the day after sex, because the muscles around her bladder are spasming (tightening up painfully). Women with cystitis usually also have urinary frequency (needing to urinate a lot) and/or urinary urgency (needing to urinate suddenly).

Pain is sometimes experienced in the testicular or glans area of the penis immediately after ejaculation. Infections of the prostate, bladder, or seminal vesicles can lead to burning or itching sensations following ejaculation. Men suffering from cystitis may experience intense pain at the moment of ejaculation, focused at the tip of the penis. Gonorrheal infections are associated with burning or sharp penis pains during ejaculation. Urethritis or prostatitis can make genital stimulation painful or uncomfortable. Anatomic deformities of the penis (retraction of a too-tight foreskin) may also result in pain during sexual act. 
In men pain in the genital organs during ejaculation or immediately after is experienced as sharp, stabbing, and/or burning, it may be persistent and returning. The duration of pain is usually brief. The immediate cause of psychogenic post ejaculatory pain is the involuntary painful spasm or cramping of certain pain-sensitive muscles in the male genital and reproductive organs. The painful muscle cramps may be attributable to a man’s conflict about ejaculating.

A pelvic floor disorder can also be the cause of pain during and after sex.

Sufferers will see several doctors before a correct diagnosis is made. Women are also often hesitant to seek treatment for chronic vulvar pain, especially since many women begin experiencing symptoms around the time they become sexually active. Before being successfully diagnosed patients sometimes are told that the pain is "in their head". For the diagnosis doctor carefully takes a history and carefully examines the pelvis to duplicate the discomfort and to identify a site or source of the pelvic pain. The diagnosis of painful sexual act has to be differentiated from conditions known as ‘’’chronic vulvar pain’’’ and vaginismus. The pain may be acquired or lifelong. It may be generalized (complete) or situational. During the first two weeks, painful sexual acts caused by penis insertion or movement of the penis in the vagina or by deep penetration is often due to disease or injury deep within the pelvis. Inquiry should determine whether the pain is superficial or deep - whether it occurs primarily at the vaginal outlet or vaginal barrel or upon deep thrusting against the cervix. The possible role of psychological factors in either causing or maintaining the pain must be considered.

Atrophy of vagina as a source of painful sexual act is most frequently seen in women after menopause and is generally associated with estrogen deficiency. That is associated with inadequacy of lubrication of vagina, which can lead to painful friction during sexual act.




Neem

Neem is a tree in the mahogany family Meliaceae. It is native to India, Myanmar, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Pakistan. It grows in tropical and semi-tropical regions. It was also the state tree of Hyderabad Deccan.

Neem is a fast-growing tree in India that can reach up to 15–20 m (about 50–65 feet) tall, and sometimes even to 35–40 m (115–131 feet). It is evergreen. It is found in some major parts of Tamil nadu like tuticorin,tirunelveli ,etc.

Products made from neem have been used in India for over two millennia for their medicinal properties. They are said to be antifungal, antidiabetic, antibacterial, antiviral, contraceptive and sedative. Neem products are also used in selectively controlling pests in plants. Neem is considered a part of Ayurvedic medicine.

Neem is also known as the' village pharmacy'. All parts of neem are used for preparing many different medicines, especially for skin disease.

Jun Suzuki

Jun Suzuki can refer to:

Jorge López Montaña

Jorge López Montaña (born 19 September 1978) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Real Zaragoza.

295||50
295||50

Mazarópi

Mazarópi (born 27 January 1953) is a former Brazilian football player.

Masatada Ishii

153||3||7||0||32||0||192||3
153||3||7||0||32||0||192||3

Ayila Yussuf

Ayila Yussuf (born 4 November 1984) is a Nigerian football player. He plays for Dynamo Kyiv and Nigeria national team.

78||9
78||9

!Total||20||1

Nigel de Jong

Nigel de Jong (; born 30 November 1984) is a Dutch former professional footballer. He is a midfielder for Italian Serie A club Milan and the Netherlands national team. He joined the Ajax youth academy when he was young and made the first team at age 17.

De Jong moved from Ajax in 2006 to join Hamburg. He then moved to Manchester City in January 2009 for around £18 million. He became an important part of Manchester City's midfield. He has earned a reputation of being combative and feisty player. This got him nicknames like ""The Terrier"" and ""Lawnmower"". He moved to Italian club Milan in August 2012.

On 19 October 2002, de Jong played for the Ajax first team for the first time. He scored his first goal on 18 February 2003 in a 1–1 draw against Arsenal in the UEFA Champions League. He started playing in the first team often in the next season. In this season, Ajax won the Eredivisie. In 2004–05, de Jong was named Ajax Player of the Season. Later, after starting in midfield for quite a while, he found himself sitting on the bench more often than being one of the players at the start of a match. On 7 December 2005, it was announced that de Jong did not want to stay with Ajax. His contract with Ajax was due to finish in July 2006.

On 26 January 2006, de Jong signed a four and a half year contract at German Bundesliga club Hamburg. He moved there for about €1 million. He played for Hamburg for the first time two days later. In the match, Hamburg lost 2–1 to Nuremberg. In March 2006, de Jong scored the winning goal in Bayern Munich's first ever loss at the Allianz Arena. The week after, he got his first red card in a UEFA Cup match against Rapid Bucharest. He had to stop playing in April because he needed surgery on a knee problem. The injury also meant that he could not play for the Netherlands at the 2006 World Cup. However, after becoming fit again, he was put on standby.

On 21 January 2009, de Jong moved to Manchester City for around £18 million. He signed a four-and-a-half year contract. He played for the first time against Newcastle United on 28 January 2009. He appeared sixteen times in the Premier League.

De Jong was in the starting team against Arsenal on 12 September 2009. He was given Man of the Match by Sky Sports after Manchester City won 2-1 over Chelsea on 5 December 2009. By the end of the season, the fans liked him. He was one of Roberto Mancini's first picks as defensive midfielder as the team just missed out on the Champions League. De Jong scored his first goal for Manchester City when they won 2-1 against West Ham United on 1 May 2011.

On 31 August 2012, de Jong joined Italian Serie A club Milan. He signed a three-year contract.

On 31 March 2004, de Jong played his first game with the Netherlands in a friendly against France. He was not picked to play in UEFA Euro 2004. He missed the 2006 FIFA World Cup because his knee was injured.

He scored his first goal for the Netherlands against Iceland on 6 June 2009 in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying match. This match made the Netherlands go through to the 2010 World Cup.

De Jong was part of the Dutch team for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He was one of the starting players for their first match in the competition. In this match, they won 2–0 against Denmark. He was not allowed to play in the semi final against Uruguay because he got his second yellow card in a match against Brazil. He played in the Final, where the Netherlands lost 1–0 to Spain.

"Scores list Netherlands' tally first."

Ajax

Manchester City

Netherlands

Individual


Paulo Nagamura

Paulo Nagamura (born 2 March 1983) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Tigres UANL.

Kevin Doyle

Kevin Doyle (born 18 September 1983) is an Irish football player. He plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers and Republic of Ireland national team.

90||25||||||||||90||25
155||55||4||1||4||0||163||56
245||80||4||1||4||0||253||81

!Total||32||7

Jun Suzuki (footballer, born 1989)

Jun Suzuki (born 22 April 1989) is a Japanese football player. He plays for lithuanian Sūduva Club.

61||1||2||0||63||1
61||1||2||0||63||1


Krassimir Balakov

Krassimir Balakov (born 29 March 1966) is a former Bulgarian football player. He has played for Bulgaria national team.

138||43
237||54
375||97

!Total||92||16

Martin Jiránek

Martin Jiránek (born 25 May 1979) is a Czech football player. He plays for Spartak Moscow.

"Statistics accurate as of match played 28 March 2007"



Fan Zhiyi

Fan Zhiyi (born 22 January 1970) is a former Chinese football player. He has played for China PR national team.

141||41
94||4
14||1
14||1
263||47

!Total||109||17

Kew Jaliens

Kew Jaliens (born 15 September 1978) is a Dutch football player. He plays for AZ Alkmaar.

Jaliens was born in Rotterdam and is of Surinamese descent.

349||13
349||13

!Total||10||0

Kang Hyun-su

Kang Hyun-Su (born 16 July 1984) is a North Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

51||1||1||0||52||1
51||1||1||0||52||1


Kosuke Nakamachi

Kosuke Nakamachi (born 1 September 1985) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Avispa Fukuoka.

66||2||3||0||69||2
66||2||3||0||69||2


Starstruck

Starstruck (also called StarStruck) is a 2011 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Sterling Knight, Danielle Campbell, Brandon Mychal Smith and Chelsea Staub. The movie was made in Los Angeles. It was released on Disney DVD on June 8, 2010 in the U.S.

Nematomorpha

The Nematomorpha (horsehair worms) are a phylum of parasitic cycloneuralian animals. They look similar to nematode worms and live in similar environments, which is why their names are similar. They are sometimes called Gordiacea.

They range in size from long and in extreme cases may be up to 2 meters long. They are in diameter. Horsehair worms can be discovered in damp areas such as watering troughs, streams, puddles, and cisterns. 

About 326 species are known and an estimate suggests that there may be about 2000 species worldwide. 

Fossilized worms have been reported from Lower Cretaceous Burmese amber 100–110 million years ago.

The adult worms are free living and, in North America, are usually found only in the summer months in or near shallow water.

The larvae are parasitic on arthropods: beetles, cockroaches, grasshoppers and crickets. These are their final hosts, but since they do not live in water, the nematomorph life cycle has an extra stage. 

A day or two after they come out of their hosts, the adult worms mate in the water, and then around mid-August or Mid-October, they lay their eggs in the water. It takes about a month for the larvae to develop inside the egg. Once the larvae hatch, they somehow get into gastropods (like snails and slugs), insects, or earthworms, which live in moist habitats. There they build a cyst, and grow. The animal they grow inside is called an interim (temporary) host, because a final host is still needed.

Next, developing nematomorph worms can be found in their final hosts (beetles, etc.). It is not clear how they get there, but probably the final host eats the interim host with the larvae inside them. After they appear in the final host, the nematomorphs begin to eat it from the inside.

The nematomorph may control the host, leading it towards water and even causing it to jump into the water. Then it breaks out of the beetle in or near the water and finds a knot of other worms. There it can mate.

Burgess Shale

The Burgess Shale Formation in the Rocky Mountains of British Columbia is one of the world's most celebrated fossil sites, the best of its kind. It is famous for the exceptional preservation of the soft parts of its fossils. It is ~505 million years old (Middle Cambrian), one of the earliest soft-parts fossil beds.

The rock unit is a black shale, and crops out at a number of localities near the town of Field in the Yoho National Park.

The Burgess Shale was discovered by palaeontologist Charles Doolittle Walcott in 1909, towards the end of the season's fieldwork. He returned in 1910 with his sons, and established a quarry on the flanks of Fossil Ridge. The fact that fossils were of soft-bodied forms, and the range of organisms new to science, led him to return to the quarry almost every year until 1924. At this point, aged 74, he had got over 65,000 specimens.

Describing the fossils is a vast task, pursued by Walcott until his death in 1927, and continued into the 21st century. Walcott, led by scientific opinion at the time, attempted to categorise all fossils into living taxa. As a result, the fossils were regarded as little more than curiosities at the time. It was not until 1962 that a first-hand reinvestigation of the fossils was attempted, by Alberto Simonetta. This led scientists to recognise that Walcott had barely scratched the surface of information available in the Burgess Shale.

A second quarry (in the same geological formation) was opened. A thorough reassessment of the Burgess Shale showed that the fauna were much more varied and unusual than Walcott had realised. The Royal Ontario Museum now has the largest collection of Burgess Shale material in the world with over 150,000 specimens. Many of the animals present had bizarre anatomical features and only the slightest resemblance to other known animals. Examples include "Opabinia", with five eyes and a snout like a vacuum cleaner hose; "Nectocaris", and "Hallucigenia". This last was originally reconstructed upside down, walking on its spines.

The Burgess Shale was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1980. It became part of the Canada Rocky Mountain Parks World Heritage Site in 1984.


Solnhofen Limestone

The Solnhofen limestone is the world's most famous fossil site. It is a lagerstätte of Upper Jurassic limestone which has preserved many fossils in great detail. The specimens of "Archaeopteryx" are perhaps the world's most valuable fossils, because they are the earliest fossils of a bird capable of flight.

The Solnhofen beds lie in the German state of Bavaria (Bayern), halfway between Nuremberg (Nürnberg) and Munich (München). They were originally quarried as a source of roof and floor tiles, then for lithographic printing.

In the late Jurassic this area was an archipelago at the edge of the Tethys Sea. This included placid lagoons which had limited access to the open sea because they were surrounded by coral reefs. Water runoff from the land was low and, under the sun, evaporation was high. Salinity rose so high that the resulting brine could not support life, except at the top of the water column.

The lowest water was not only very salty, but hypoxic: very low in oxygen. This was caused by the lack of water mixing. Many ordinary scavengers were absent from the lagoon floor. From the condition of the water, it follows that almost all of the fossilised animals were not living in the lagoon. They must have lived on land, in the air, or out to sea beyond the reef. Then when they died, they fell, drifted, or were washed into the lagoons from the air, ocean or land. Occasional storms at sea would have killed flying animals, and swept fish over the reef in a suspension of finely-dispersed lime. There the bodies sank into the dead zone and were preserved.

Once in the lagoon, bodies became buried in soft carbonate mud. Thus, many delicate creatures avoided consumption by scavengers or being torn apart by currents. The wings of dragonflies, the imprints of stray feathers, and terrestrial plants that washed into the lagoons were all preserved. 

"The variety and number of fossils known is deceptive. The occurrence of fossils is quite low. Indeed, a worker can quarry for an entire day and find not a single one. The hundreds of years of quarrying are what make them seem so apparently common". 

The range of fossil species gives a comprehensive picture of a local Jurassic ecosystem. At times, the lagoons almost dried out, exposing sticky carbonate muds that trapped insects and even a few small dinosaurs. Over 600 species have been identified. Seven genera and up to 29 species of pterosaur have been found. This suggests that in this ecosystem pterosaurs were more common and diversified than birds. The pterosaur sizes ranged from that of a sparrow to 1.2 m (4 ft) in length.

The fine-grained texture of the mud silt forming the limestone is ideal for making lithographic plates for printing illustrations. Extensive quarrying in the 19th century revealed many fossil finds, as commemorated in the name "Archaeopteryx lithographica", all the specimens of which come from these deposits. The closest modern analogue to the Solnhofen conditions is said to be Orca Basin in the northern Gulf of Mexico, though that area is much deeper than the Solnhofen lagoons.

The Solnhofen biota is composed of the animals and plants which lived in the area. All were found in the limestone quarries.

The carbonate was produced mainly by: 
Both these groups produce calcium carbonate skeletal structures.

Some of remains of the land plants got down into the lagoon. They were almost all gynmosperms.









The data show some things about the biota of the region.


Aenictogiton

Aenictogiton is a genus of ants. The genus has seven species. The genus is given its own subfamily, Aenictogitoninae. All of the species are known only from males from middle Africa and show a phylogenetic liking to the army ants (and are in the dorylomorph subfamilies). Nothing is known about the workers, queens and behavior of these ants. A few not described species are known to exist in a few collections in the world.


Ketosis

Ketosis is when there are greater levels of ketone bodies in the blood or urine. It comes when ketone bodies are released into the bloodstream due to low glycogen levels in the liver. Ketone bodies are made by a process called ketogenesis. Ketosis can be understood as the use of body fat as a source of energy. Ketosis has 3 main sources of energy, also known as ketone bodies: acetoacetate, acetone, and beta-hydroxybutyrate.

Melphalan

Melphalan is a chemotherapeutic agent used in the treatment of a variety of cancers, including melanoma and multiple myeloma.

Rhabdomyosarcoma

Rhabdomyosarcoma is a rare type of cancer that is most common in children. Rhabdomyosarcoma is a cancer that begins in muscle tissue - usually the muscles that are attached to bones to help a person move.

Rhabdomyosarcoma should not be confused with rhabdomyolysis, which is often called "rhabdo" for short.

There are three different kinds of rhabdomyosarcoma.

This is the most common type of rhabdomyosarcoma. More than half of people with this cancer have ERMS. It is most common in children under age 6.

Embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma usually happens in: 

This is the second most common type of rhabdomyosarcoma. Alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma is more common in older children and teenagers, but it can also happen in younger children and adults.

ARMS usually happens in the big muscles in:

However, it can also happen in the genitals or the area around the anus.

This type of rhabdomyosarcoma usually grows faster than embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma, and needs more treatment than ERMS.

Anaplastic rhabdomyosarcoma does not happen very often. When it does happen, it usually affects adults; is very rare in children.

This type of cancer usually grows quickly and needs a lot of treatment.

The choice of how to treat rhabdomyosarcoma depends on many things. For example:

Based on all of these things, the patient and their medical team can decide what treatment is best. There are three types of treatments for rhabdomyosarcoma:

The prognosis of a person with rhabdomyosarcoma also depends on many different things. For example, adults with rhabdomyosarcoma usually have tumors that grow faster and are harder to treat. Prognosis also depends on the type of rhabdomyosarcoma a person has, what kind of treatment they get, whether their cancer has spread, and many other things.

Underweight

The term underweight refers to humans that have much less weight than they should. Being underweight is bad for the overall health of the person affected. It is normal that a person's weights changes over time. Being underweight is often defined using a measure called the body mass index which calculates a score, based on height and weight. If this score is below 18.5, a person is generally said to be underweight. This is only a general indication, though as the scores must not be calculated for everyone. It does not apply to children and adolescents, for example.

Being underweight can have different causes:

There are problems that are related to being underweight. Very often being underweight is not the first problem. Rather, it often is the effect of another condition or disease. Unexpected weight loss requires the attention of a doctor. There might be another disease. If that disease is treated, the weight problem also disappears.

Another problem underweight people face is that the weight problem affects their health: Their immune system is weakened, and they may get sick more often. People who are underweight because they cannot get or afford the right food need special attention. Women who are underweight may not have their menstruation and face difficult pregnancies.

Once they were being underweight, psychically, they may feel sad and worried about their health. Therefore, family and friends should support them to help them get rid of their unhappiness. 

Etihad Airways

Etihad Airways is one of two major airlines in the United Arab Emirates. It was created by royal decree in July 2003. It started carrying passengers in November 2003. Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates, is the airline's hub and base of operations. Etihad Airways flies to 63 locations in 42 countries.

Petrol Ofisi

Petrol Ofisi is Turkish petroleum company. It was created in 1941 by Turkey to make gasoline and oil available to the country of Turkey. The government sold the company in July 2000. More than 95% of the company is now owned by Doğan Holding and OMV. The remaining shares of the company are publicly traded stock.

Pot-in-pot refrigerator

The pot-in-pot refrigerator, also known as a Zeer in Arabic, is a food cooling device. It works by using the evaporation of water. It needs no electricity.

It is made by putting a clay pot inside a larger clay pot with wet sand in between the pots and a wet cloth on top. As the water evaporates it cools the inside, letting food stored in the inner pot to be kept fresh for some time. It must be placed in a dry, ventilated place for the water to evaporate to the outside.

Evaporative coolers perform poorly or not at all in climates with high humidity.

Mohammed Bah Abba of Nigeria patented the device in 1995 and was awarded a Rolex prize in 2000 for developing the “pot-in-pot preservation/cooling system”. However, the device was known at least as early as the Middle Kingdom of Egypt, as seen by the hieroglyphic kbb, "to cool".

Earthenware wine coolers work on the same principle. They are soaked in cold water for a while, then emptied and put on the table. The pores of the earthenware are now full of water. Evaporation from the earthenware keeps white wine cool enough for several hours.


Ankylosauridae

Ankylosauridae is a family of any armoured dinosaur which evolved 125 million years ago and became extinct 65 million years ago during the Cretaceous-Tertiary extinction event. Ankylosauridae and their sister group, the Nodosauridae make up the infraorder Ankylosauria. 

They have been found in western North America, Europe and East Asia. Good specimens are rare; most are known only from fragments, and bits of their armour.

"Scelidosaurus", whose remains had been found in England, was described by Richard Owen in 1861. Its exact position in the group is still not yet agreed. It was a largely quadrupedal armoured animal from the Lower Jurassic, feeding on low scrubby plants. This is pretty much a description of many dinosaurs in this group.

Ankylosaur

David Heiss

David Heiss is a convicted murderer from Limburg, Germany currently imprisoned for his killing of Matthew Pyke after having persistently stalked Joanna Witton, the girlfriend of Matthew Pyke. 

Koichi Hashimoto

Koichi Hashimoto (born 13 January 1969) is a former Japanese football player.

Shun Ichimura

Shun Ichimura (born 17 October 1986) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Grulla Morioka.

43||1||2||0||45||1
43||1||2||0||45||1

Shinji Suzuki

Shinji Suzuki (born 29 August 1986) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Taiji Furuta

Taiji Furuta (born 4 August 1982) is a former Japanese football player.

26||0||2||0||28||0
26||0||2||0||28||0

Koichi Hirono

Koichi Hirono (born 16 April 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

6||0||1||0||2||0||3||0||12||0
6||0||1||0||2||0||3||0||12||0

Shigeru Sarusawa

Shigeru Sarusawa (born 30 January 1960) is a former Japanese football player.

Jehol Biota

The Jehol biota includes all the living organisms – the ecosystem – of northeastern China between 133 to 120 million years ago (mya). This is the Lower Cretaceous ecosystem which left fossils in the Yixian Formation, some 125–121 mya, and the Jiufotang Formation. It is also believed to have left fossils in the Sinuiju series of North Korea. 

The ecosystem in the Lower Cretaceous was dominated by wetlands and numerous lakes (not rivers, deltas, or marine habitats). Rainfall was seasonal, alternating between semi-arid, and mesic conditions. The climate was temperate. The Jehol ecosystem was interrupted at times by ash eruptions from volcanoes to the west. The word "Jehol" was the name given during the Japanese occupation of North-East China, 1933–1946.

The Jehol biota is noteworthy for the many different fossils and the large numbers of individuals of each species that have been recovered.

The biota includes many species that were previously known only from the Upper Jurassic or earlier. These include the dinosaur "Sinosauropteryx", and the pterosaur "Dendrorhynchoides". There was even a primitive protomammal – a tritylodont therapsid – from Lower Cretaceous Japan. Tritylodonts were previously thought to have gone extinct in the Middle Jurassic. The biota also has the earliest and most basal (primitive) known members of groups which spread all around the world by the Upper Cretaceous, including neoceratopsians, therizinosaurs, tyrannosaurs, and oviraptors.

The Jehol biota has produced fossils of plant mega- and microfossils, including the earliest angiosperms, charophytes and dinocysts, snails (gastropods), clams (bivalves), superabundant aquatic arthropods called conchostracans, ostracods, shrimps, insects, spiders, fish, frogs and salamanders, turtles, choristoderes, lizards (squamata), pterosaurs, and dinosaurs including dinobirds, the largest mammals known from the Mesozoic, and a great diversity of birds including the earliest advanced birds, and the smallest and largest birds known from the Mesozoic.

The forests around the lakes were dominated by conifers including members of the podocarp pine, araucaria, and cypress families. There were also ginkgos, bennettitaleans, ephedra, horsetails, ferns, and mosses. The leaves and needles of the trees show adaptations to a dry season, but some of the ferns and mosses are types that grow in very wet habitats. It is possible that the latter avoided dry conditions by growing very close to bodies of water. "Archaefructus" has been described as the earliest known flowering plant (Angiosperm), and it is reconstructed as a water plant.

The fossils have been found in several sites of exceptional preservation. The two most famous are the Yixian and Jiufotang Formations. The Yixian and Jiufotang Formations are "Lagerstatten", meaning that they have exceptionally good conditions for fossil preservation. The fossils are numerous, but also very well preserved. They often have articulated skeletons (bones connected), soft tissues, colour patterns, stomach contents, and twigs with leaves and flowers still attached. 

Palaeontologists deduced two things from this. The first is that the land animals and plants were washed into the lakes very gently, or were already in the lakes when they died. They do not show the damage seen in fossils formed by large floods. Second, volcanic ash is commonly interbedded with lake sediments, and ashfalls seem to have quickly buried the fossilized organisms, created anoxic conditions around them, and prevented scavenging.

The biota probably extended as far as North Korea. Its earliest appearance may be in another Chinese lagerstätte, the Huajiying Formation.

A geological formation in Liaoning, N.E. China. It has outstanding preservation. The deposits of siliclastic (SiO) sediment alternate with basalt. It was first recognised by the Japanese when they occupied Manchuria ('Jehol'). The formation was laid down 125–121 million years ago. It contains the famous "Confuciusornis" beds.

"Sinodelphys", the earliest metatherian mammal, was found in this formation.

The Jiufotang Formation is a Lower Cretaceous geological formation in Liaoning. It has yielded fossils of feathered dinosaurs, primitive birds, pterosaurs, and other organisms. 

The exact age of the Jiufotang has been debated for years, with estimates ranging from the Upper Jurassic to the Lower Cretaceous. Argon radiometry confirmed a Lower Cretaceous age for the site, 120.3 +/-0.7 million years ago. Fossils of "Microraptor" and "Jeholornis" are from the Jiufotang.

Lower Cretaceous, but exact dates uncertain. This is probably the earliest of the Jehol biota lagerstätte sites. Contains sedimentary members interspersed with volcanic ash. Contains birds, dinosaurs and fish.

Kazuki Tsuda

Kazuki Tsuda (born 26 July 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Machida Zelvia.

74||7||1||0||3||0||3||0||81||7
74||7||1||0||3||0||3||0||81||7


Tsuyoshi Tanikawa

Tsuyoshi Tanikawa (born 25 April 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

63||9||4||0||1||0||1||0||69||9
63||9||4||0||1||0||1||0||69||9

Oleksandr Shovkovskiy

Oleksandr Shovkovskyi (born 2 January 1975) is a Ukrainian football player. He plays for Dynamo Kyiv and Ukraine national team.

312||0
312||0

!Total||86||0

New York City draft riots

The New York Draft Riots (July 13 – 16, 1863; known at the time as Draft Week) were violent disturbances in New York City. They happened when anger with President Lincoln and his laws was highest. At first it just wanted to show anger at the draft. But the protests became violent and "a virtual racial pogrom, with uncounted numbers of blacks murdered on the streets". Major General John E. Wool said on July 16, "Martial law ought (should) to be proclaimed, but I have not a sufficient (enough) force to enforce it." The military stopped the mob using weapons. However, they had already destroyed many buildings, including homes and an orphanage for black children.

Andrés Escobar

Andrés Escobar (13 March 1967 - 2 July 1994) was a Colombian footballer. He played for Colombia national team.

Escobar died after being shot in Medellín. It is believed that he was murdered because he scored an own goal against his team in the 1994 FIFA World Cup which caused the United States to win 2 – 1 and caused gambling losses to a lot of powerful drug lords.

!Total||50||1

Igor Duljaj

Igor Duljaj (born 29 October 1979) is a Serbian football player. He plays for Shakhtar Donetsk.

154||4
119||5
273||9

!Total||47||0

Richard Dunne

Richard Dunne (born 21 September 1979) is an Irish football player. He plays for Aston Villa and Republic of Ireland national team.

356||7||34||0||16||0||18||0||424||7
356||7||34||0||16||0||18||0||424||7

!Total||58||7

Ryo Sakai

199||31||6||1||1||0||206||32
199||31||6||1||1||0||206||32

Wataru Sumida

Wataru Sumida (born 23 May 1988) is a Japanese football player.

45||6||1||0||46||6
45||6||1||0||46||6

Yuji Mito

Yuji Mito (born 15 April 1988) is a former Japanese football player.

12||1||0||0||12||1
12||1||0||0||12||1

Tiago Prado

Tiago Prado (born 3 May 1984) is a former Brazilian football player.

49||2
29||3
78||5

Jun Mizukoshi

Jun Mizukoshi (born 15 January 1975) is a Japanese football player.

264||24||21||0||1||0||286||24
264||24||21||0||1||0||286||24

Edu (footballer, born 1978)

Eduardo "Edu" César Gaspar (born 15 May 1978) is a Brazilian football player. He currently is the Technical Director for Premier League club Arsenal.

34||0
79||7
50||1
163||8

!Total||15||0

Kris Boyd

Kris Boyd (born 18 August 1983) is a Scottish football player. He played for Rangers and Scotland national team. He currently plays for the Portland Timbers.

265||142||22||14||15||11||18||3||320||170
265||142||22||14||15||11||18||3||320||170

!Total||15||7

Ludovic Butelle

Ludovic Jean-Luc Butelle (born 3 April 1984) is a French football player. He plays for Lille.

57||0
22||0
79||0

Leandro Grimi

Leandro Grimi (born 9 February 1985) is an Argentine football player. He plays for Sporting Portugal.

74||11
16||0
22||0
112||11

Naldo

Naldo (born 10 September 1982) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Werder Bremen.

35||8
124||14
159||22

!Total||4||0

Kevin Nolan

Kevin Anthony Jance Nolan (born 24 June 1982) is an English former professional footballer and current first team coach for Premier League club West Ham United. He has represented England at under-21 level.

Bolton Wanderers

Newcastle United

West Ham United

Individual

Individual

Leon Osman

Leon Osman (born 17 May 1981) is an English footballer. He plays for Everton.

Everton Youth

Everton

Individual

Hirotada Ito

Hirotada Ito (born 5 December 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Renofa Yamaguchi.

18||1||2||0||0||0||20||1
18||1||2||0||0||0||20||1

Pete Backor

Peter Backor (April 29, 1919 in Fort William, Ontario – June 30, 1988) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played briefly for the Toronto Maple Leafs in the NHL.

Although he played just a single season in the NHL, Backor made it count as he helped the Toronto Maple Leafs win the Stanley Cup in 1945. After that season he spent the next 11 years playing in the minor leagues for the Pittsburgh Hornets of the AHL with whom he won the Calder Cup in 1952, the Hollywood Wolves of the PCHL and the Sault Ste. Marie Indians of the NOHL. Backor retired from hockey in 1956.

He was one of the few players of Slovak descent in the NHL's younger years if not the first one ever.

He was brother-in-law to another NHL legend of Slovak descent Rudy Migay who played for Toronto Maple Leafs.



Bob Bodak

Robert Peter Bodak (born May 28, 1961 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League for the Calgary Flames and Hartford Whalers. A career minor-leaguer, Bodak played only three games with the Flames in 1987–88 and one more with the Whalers in 1989–90. He did not record a point, but had 29 penalty minutes in his four games.


Yusuke Sato (born in 1982)

Yusuke Sato (born 6 March 1982) is a former Japanese football player.

30||0||5||0||35||0
30||0||5||0||35||0

Ryuji Kitamura

Ryuji Kitamura (born 15 March 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Matsumoto Yamaga.

95||2||5||0||1||0||101||2
95||2||5||0||1||0||101||2


Daisuke Tanaka

Daisuke Tanaka (born 6 January 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for MIO Biwako Kusatsu.

92||3||2||0||0||0||94||3
92||3||2||0||0||0||94||3

Koji Nakao

Koji Nakao (born 8 September 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

82||0||4||2||4||0||90||2
82||0||4||2||4||0||90||2

Yasuyoshi Nara

Yasuyoshi Nara (born 12 December 1982) is a former Japanese football player.

71||25||8||1||0||0||79||26
71||25||8||1||0||0||79||26

Christoph Daum

Christoph Daum (born 24 October 1953) is a former German football player.

1. FC Köln II

1. FC Köln

VfB Stuttgart

Beşiktaş

Bayer Leverkusen

Austria Wien

Fenerbahçe

Club Brugge

Megumu Tamura

Tamura was born on January 10, 1927. He played for Nippon Oil & Fats.

In March 1951, Tamura was selected Japan national team for Japan team first game after World War II, 1951 Asian Games. At this competition, on March 7, he debuted against Iran. He played 3 games for Japan in 1951.

On October 8, 1986, Tamura died of cancer in Chuo, Tokyo at the age of 59.

!Total||3||0

Seki Matsunaga

Matsunaga was born in Shizuoka Prefecture on June 25, 1928. After graduating from Waseda University, he played for Hitachi.

In March 1951, when Matsunaga was a Waseda University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Japan team first game after World War II, 1951 Asian Games. At this competition, on March 9, he debuted against Afghanistan.

On March 4, 2013, Matsunaga died of respiratory failure in Setagaya, Tokyo at the age of 84.

!Total||1||0

Yoshio Okada

Okada was born in Kobe on August 11, 1926. He played for Kwangaku Club and Rokko Club.

In March 1951, Okada was selected the Japan national team for Japan team first game after World War II, 1951 Asian Games. At this competition, on March 7, he debuted against Iran. He also played at 1954 Asian Games. He played 7 games for Japan until 1954.

On June 22, 2002, Okada died of heart failure in Hachioji at the age of 75.
!Total||7||0

Koji Miyata

Miyata was born on January 15, 1923. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined Tanabe Pharmaceutical in 1946.

In March 1951, Miyata was selected Japan national team for Japan team first game after World War II, 1951 Asian Games. At this competition, on March 7, he debuted against Iran. He also played at 1954 Asian Games. He played 6 games for Japan until 1954.

After retirement, Miyata became a manager for Tanabe Pharmaceutical in 1961. The club joined Japanese Regional Leagues in 1968 and was promoted to new division Japan Soccer League Division 2 in 1972. In 1972 season, he led the club the 2nd place and promoted Division 1. However, in 1973 season, the club was the lowest place and he resigned end of 1973 season.

On January 15, 2023, Miyata turned 100 years old.
!Total||6||0

Masanobu Aoyagi

51||4||5||0||56||4
51||4||5||0||56||4

In 2011, he was captain of the Fukushima team.


Wataru Nakazato

Wataru Nakazato (born 30 October 1984) is a former Japanese football player.

43||1||2||0||0||0||45||1
43||1||2||0||0||0||45||1

FC Erzgebirge Aue

The Fußballclub Erzgebirge Aue is a football club which plays in the German 2. Bundesliga. The club is from Aue in Saxony.

The club was founded as SG Aue in 1945 and on 1 November 1948 became BSG Pneumatik Aue. Changes in sponsorship led to a change in name to Zentra Wismut Aue in 1949 and then simply to SC Wismut Aue in 1951. 1951 they promoted to the DDR-Oberliga. In 1954 the government decided that the nearby city Chemnitz(now called Karl-Marx-Stadt) should have a good team. So the name of Aue was changed to SC Wismut Karl Marx Stadt. But the club still played in Aue. In 1963 Karl Marx Stadt got its own team so the club was renamed to SC Wismut Aue.

Till 1989 Aue was one of the most successful teams in the DDR. They were 3 times winner of the DDR Oberliga (1956, 1957, 1959) and won the Cup once(1955). In the united Germany the started in the NOFV-Oberliga Süd (4th stage). With the establishment of the Regionalliga Nordost (3rd stage) in 1994, the club qualified for the new league. 200o they came to the Regionalliga Nord and were promoted to the 2. Bundesliga after the 1st place there. 2007 they were again relegated but came back in 2010. 

Takashi Sambonsuge

Takashi Sambonsuge (born 5 June 1978) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Nara.

97||5||5||0||2||0||104||5
97||5||5||0||2||0||104||5

Hiroyuki Dobashi

Hiroyuki Dobashi (born 27 November 1977) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Nagano Parceiro.

191||21||10||0||3||0||204||21
191||21||10||0||3||0||204||21

Hidehito Shirao

Hidehito Shirao (born 30 September 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

77||39||5||3||82||42
77||39||5||3||82||42

Nenad Đorđević

Nenad Đorđević (born 7 August 1979) is a Serbian football player. He has played for Serbia national team.

248||22
13||3
0||0
261||25

!Total||17||1

Rot-Weiß Oberhausen

The SC Rot-Weiß Oberhausen is a football club which plays in Germany.

Shoki Hirai

9||0||2||0||1||1||2||0||14||1
9||0||2||0||1||1||2||0||14||1


Kohei Nishino

Kohei Nishino (born 15 April 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Fagiano Okayama.

142||33||5||0||2||0||149||33
142||33||5||0||2||0||149||33

Hiroyuki Takeda

Hiroyuki Takeda (born 30 November 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Tochigi.

69||0||1||0||70||0
69||0||1||0||70||0


SC Paderborn 07

The SC Paderborn 07 is a football club which plays in Germany.

Encyclopædia Britannica Ultimate Reference Suite

Encyclopædia Britannica Ultimate Reference Suite is a series of encyclopaedias that come on DVD, to be installed on computers.

There is no official release of Britannica for Linux, however, there is a way that can help experienced users run "Encyclopædia Britannica 2004 Ultimate Reference Suite DVD" on Linux.


Digital rights

Digital rights are the rights of people regarding what they can do with their computer. There are many cases that need special thought related to digital rights, such as the right to have data accessible to a few people (privacy) and freedom of expression. Very often the word is used when referring to computer networks such as the Internet.

In 2003, the United Nations held a special talk, called the World Summit on the Information Society. One of the tasks of this talk was to make the digital divide smaller. The digital divide separates countries into "rich" ones and "poor" ones. For "poor" countries accessing the internet is much more hard. After long talks, all people in the talk signed a closing statement.

The statement pointed out that human rights were universal, and that they could not be divided. They were also related to the basic freedoms that the Vienna Declaration had defined, and could not be separated from them. In addition, democracy as well as sustainable development should be respected and the rule of law should be made stronger.

This declaration also makes specific reference to the importance of the right to freedom of expression in the "Information Society". It says:
"We reaffirm, as an essential foundation of the Information Society, and as outlined in Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, that everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; that this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers. Communication is a fundamental social process, a basic human need and the foundation of all social organization. It is central to the Information Society. Everyone, everywhere should have the opportunity to participate and no one should be excluded from the benefits of the Information Society offers."
Digital rights management is in this area, as an example.



Enigma machine

The Enigma machine was created for Germany by Arthur Scherbius in World War I. It is a cypher machine: changing the letters of a message so that it appears to be random letters. Enigmas were among the most-used kind of cypher machines for the German military in World War II.

Each time a letter is typed, it appears as another letter in the alphabet. The choices are "not" random. They are decided by a series of rotors which are set each day to a different starting set-up. Every press of a key turns the rotors to a new position.

German military messages done on the Enigma machine were first broken by the Polish Cipher Bureau, beginning in December 1932. Later, they designed mechanical devices for breaking Enigma cyphers. From 1938 more complexity was added to the Enigma machines, making decryption more difficult.

On 25 July 1939, in Warsaw, the Poles showed French and British intelligence agents their cryptanalysis of the Enigma, and promised each delegation a Polish-built Enigma. The demonstration was a vital start for the later British work at Bletchley Park.

During the invasion of Poland (1939) the Polish codebreakers were sent to France for safety. Later, they fled to Britain. Making technical improvements, British codebreakers solved a vast number of messages from Enigma, and gave the plaintext to military staff. The information gained from this team, called "Ultra" by the British, was a great help to the Allied war effort. Ultra also included decrypts of other German, Italian and Japanese cyphers and codes, including the cypher of the German High Command.

Mistakes by German operators helped the cryptanalysis of Luftwaffe Enigmas, and the British capture of key tables and a machine from a German submarine helped in cracking Navy ones.

On 15th July 2011, Queen Elizabeth II visited Bletchley Park, where the machine is kept in the Museum, to pay tribute to those who worked there, since they cut short the war by breaking the cyphers of Nazi Germany.

Northwest Passage

The Northwest Passage is a sea passage along the north coast of North America, through the Arctic Ocean. Because of ice, the passage is usually closed to ships. 

The Spanish Empire wanted to reach Asia by a western route, because Portugal controlled the eastern route around the Cape of Good Hope. Spain wanted to have a route that it could control. This caused most European countries to search for a possible route. Roald Amundsen was the first person to navigate the passage between 1903 and 1906.

Global warming is increasing the melting for the Passage.


Chatroulette

Chatroulette is a webcam chatting site founded by Andrei Ternowski in November 2009. Two people are randomly connected. At any time, one of the people can end the chat by pressing F9 on their keyboard. According to Robert J. Moore, the CEO and co-founder of RJMetrics, about 1 in 8 people are either naked or lewd. Many people think children should not use it. Since December 2012, users can only use their webcam if they have had at least 3 conversations that lasted 10 minutes or longer. If a user didn't do that yet, their webcam will display a picture. Also, a person has to register before using it. If someone acts strange or offends another person, you can report him/her by keyboard.



The Human Centipede (First Sequence)

The Human Centipede (First Sequence) is a 2009 Dutch horror movie. It is written and directed by Tom Six. The movie is about a mad doctor who wants to stick people together so they become what he calls his 'human centipede'.

"The Human Centipede" did not get very many good reviews, but Tom Six made two sequels to the movie called "The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence)" and "The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)".

Lindsay (played by Ashley C. Williams) and Jenny (played by Ashlynn Yennie) are two American girls who are on holiday in Germany. They are kidnapped by a mad doctor called Dr. Heiter (played by Dieter Laser) after their car breaks down and they go to his house to look for help. The doctor Heiter then kidnaps a Japanese man named Katsuro (played by Akihiro Kitamura). The doctor tells the three that he is world-famous for separating conjoined twins, but wants to join people together so they share a single digestive system. He tells the three how he will connect his three victims together mouth-to-anus. Lindsay tries to escape, but is captured before she can get away. The doctor then sews the three together; he sews Lindsays's mouth to Katsuro's anus, and Jenny's mouth to Lindsay's anus. This means that when he feeds Katsuro food, Katsuro defecates into Lindsay's mouth, and Lindsay defecates her feces into Jenny's mouth.

The doctor calls his victims his 'human centipede', and he tries to train his centipede as a pet. However, the doctor becomes very restless when he is kept awake by the screaming of his victims, and even more annoyed when Jenny starts to get ill from blood poisoning.

When the police visit the doctor to look for the missing people, he decides to add them to his centipede and get rid of Jenny. The doctor tries but fails to drug the detectives, and they leave the house saying they will come back later. The three try to escape, and Katsuro attacks the doctor, by stabbing him in the foot and leg, but they do not escape the house. Katsuro tells the doctor that he deserves his fate, because he had treated his family very badly in the past, then he kills himself with a piece of glass. The police come back to the house and search it, as the doctor hides near his swimming pool. One policeman finds the 'human centipede' but then hears a gunshot which he goes to investigate. He discovers the other policeman dead in the swimming pool. The doctor then shoots him in the stomach, and as he is dying he shoots the doctor in the head. The policeman then falls in the pool and is dead.

Jenny and Lindsay hold hands as Jenny dies from her blood poisoning. Lindsay is left alone in the house. The movie ends with her screaming into Heiter's empty laboratory, while still attached to Katsuro and Jenny.


Most reviews said "The Human Centipede" was not very good. However some Horror blogs liked the idea and thought it was funny.

The movie won some awards at Film Festivals.


Isle Royale National Park

Isle Royale National Park is a wildlife reserve on more than 100 islands in northwest Lake Superior, in northern Michigan in the United States. This national park was opened in 1940. The wildlife includes moose, wolves and many kinds of birds.

One of the islands is called Isle Royale. It has an area of 229 square miles. Native Americans mined copper on this island in pre-Columbian times (before 1492). The mines can still be seen here.

Isle Royale National Park - National Park Service website

Mare Tranquillitatis

Mare Tranquillitatis is a large area on the visible side of the Moon. It is also called the Sea of Tranquillity. It is called a sea because ancient astronomers looked at the Moon and thought they saw seas and oceans on the Moon. Now we know that they are not seas. They are darkened areas on the Moon's surface. They may have been made by ancient volcanoes by things such as leaks and eruptions. Mare Tranquillitatis is just one of the 22 "Seas" and "Oceans" on the Moon.

In 1651, astronomers Francesco Grimaldi and Giovanni Battista Riccioli named Mare Tranquillitatis in their lunar map.

Mare Tranquillitatis was the landing site for the first manned landing on the Moon on July 20, 1969, at 20:18 UTC. Apollo 11 landed at .

Heterodontosaur

The Heterodontosauridae ("different-toothed lizards") is a family of early ornithischian dinosaurs.

They have often been considered basal ornithopods, although recent studies suggest they may have been more closely related to marginocephalians. Although their fossils are rare, they lived around the globe beginning in the Upper Triassic and may have persisted into the Lower Cretaceous.

A large gap, called a diastema, separated the premaxillary teeth from the those of the maxilla (the main upper jaw bone) in many ornithischia, but this diastema was arched in heterodontosaurs. 

The mandible (lower jaw) was tipped by the predentary, a bone unique to ornithischia. This bone also supported a beak similar to the one found on the premaxilla. All the teeth in the lower jaw were found on the dentary bone.

Heterodontosaurids are called that because they have two different kinds of teeth. There were three premaxillary teeth. In the early Jurassic "Abrictosaurus", "Heterodontosaurus", and "Lycorhinus", the first two premaxillary teeth were small and conical, while the much larger third tooth resembled the canines of carnivoran mammals and is often called the "caniniform" or 'tusk'. 

Several early studies suggested that heterodontosaurs were primitive ornithischians. The main hypothesis in recent years has put heterodontosaurids in as basal ornithopods. However, others have suggested that heterodontosaurs share a common ancestor with Marginocephalia (ceratopsians and pachycephalosaurs). This has support from some recent studies. A clade containing heterodontosaurs and marginocephalians has been named Heterodontosauriformes. Heterodontosaurs may even be basal to both ornithopods and marginocephalians. In 2007, a cladistic analysis suggested that heterodontosaurs are basal to all known ornithischians except "Pisanosaurus", a result that echoes some of the very earliest work on the family.


Antti Niemi (ice hockey)

Antti Niemi (born August 29, 1983 in Vantaa, Finland) is a Finnish former professional ice hockey goaltender. He played parts of 13 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, San Jose Sharks, Dallas Stars, Pittsburgh Penguins, Florida Panthers, and Montreal Canadiens. He also played for the Lahti Pelicans of the SM-liiga (SM-l) and the Jokerit of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).

During his time with the Blackhawks, Niemi helped the Stanley Cup in 2010. He became the first Finnish goaltender to win the Cup.


Filé

Filé is a powdered spice. It is made from dried sassafras leaves. It is used in small amounts as a thickening agent in Cajun and Creole cooking. In Cajun culture, it is widely used as a seasoning in gumbo.

Stephen Strasburg

Stephen James Strasburg (born July 20, 1988 in San Diego, California) is an American baseball player. He is a pitcher for the Washington Nationals in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played baseball in college at San Diego State University. While playing at San Diego State, Strasburg threw a no hitter against the Air Force Academy. The Nationals drafted him with the first pick in the 2009 MLB Draft. Strasburg signed a contract to play for the Nationals for four years while being paid more than 15 million dollars. After signing his contract, Strasburg began pitching in the minor leagues. Most people did not expect Strasburg to stay in the minor leagues for very long, though. Strasburg played very well in the minor leagues. His earned run average (ERA) for the Syracuse Chiefs, which was the final minor league team he played for, was only 1.08.

Strasburg played his first game in Major League Baseball on June 8, 2010. The game had sold out just a few hours after the Nationals said that Strasburg would play on that day. He was the Nationals' starting pitcher in a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates. Strasburg pitched for 7 innings, striking out 14 Pirates batters, giving up 2 runs, and only allowing 4 hits. The Nationals won the game by a score of 5-2.

Amblyopone saundersi

Amblyopone saundersi is an ant in the subfamily Amblyoponinae, endemic to New Zealand. 


Amyrmex golbachi

Amyrmex golbachi is a species of ant. It is currently the only known species of ant of the genus Amyrmex described from Argentina.



Ancyridris

Ancyridris is a small genus of myrmicine ants. The genus has only two described species from New Guinea.


Anillidris

Anillidris is a genus of ants. It has only one species, Anillidris bruchi. For a time this genus was thought to be the same as the genus "Linepithema", but they were described as being different by Shattuck (1992).

Danijel Ljuboja

Danijel Ljuboja, (Serbian Cyrillic: Данијел Љубоја) (born September 4, 1978 in Vinkovci, Croatia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian football forward who plays for Legia Warsaw.

Shigeo Sugimoto

Sugimoto was born in Kobe on December 4, 1926. After graduating from Kwansei Gakuin University, he joined Hankyu Railways in 1948. He also played for Kwangaku Club (All Kwangaku) which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates. At the club, he won 1950, 1953 and 1955 Emperor's Cup.

In March 1951, Sugimoto was selected the Japan national team for Japan team first game after World War II, 1951 Asian Games. At this competition, on March 7, he debuted against Iran. He played 3 games for Japan until 1954.

On April 2, 2002, Sugimoto died of kidney failure in Nishinomiya at the age of 75.

!Total||3||0

Takeshi Inoue

Inoue was born in Nishinomiya on September 30, 1928. After graduating from Kwansei Gakuin University, he played for New Mitsubishi Heavy Industries from 1952 to 1960. He also played for Kwangaku Club which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates. At the club, he won 1955 Emperor's Cup.

In March 1954, Inoue was selected the Japan national team for 1954 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on March 7, he debuted against South Korea.

Inoue died on April 5, 1992 at the age of 63.

!Total||1||0

Takashi Kano

Kano was born in Tokyo Metropolis on October 31, 1920. He played for Waseda WMW which was consisted of his alma mater Waseda University players and graduates. In 1940, he won the 2nd place at 1940 Emperor's Cup. This tournament was the last Emperor's Cup before the war because Emperor's Cup was suspended for World War II from 1941 to 1945.

In March 1951, when Kano was 30 years old, he was selected the Japan national team for Japan team first game after World War II, 1951 Asian Games. At this competition, on March 7, he debuted against Iran. He also played at 1954 Asian Games and scored 2 goals. He played 7 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1954.

On June 4, 2000, Kano died of heart failure in Ota, Tokyo at the age of 79.

!Total||7||2

Pterygota

Pterygota is a subclass of insects that includes the winged insects. It also includes insect orders that are secondarily wingless. That means insect groups whose ancestors once had wings but that have lost them later in evolution.

The Pterygota today includes almost all insects. That is because flying led to a great radiation of insect types. The groups without flight are in the Apterygota.

In the Pterygota, are the Palaeoptera and the Neoptera. The Palaeoptera is paraphyletic, and its classification is being discussed. Likewise the Exopterygota. There are no agreed alternatives at present, so the taxonomy is left in its traditional form.

The Endopterygota is made up of all the insects which have complete metamorphosis. It is agreed to be a good monophyletic clade, even though some of the details may need to be adjusted.

Kazuya Iwakura

Kazuya Iwakura (born 26 April 1985) is a Japanese football player.

52||3||1||0||1||0||54||3
52||3||1||0||1||0||54||3

Robert Schuman

Robert Schuman (29 June 1886 – 4 September 1963) was a famous French politician. Schuman was a politician with the "Mouvement Républicain Populaire" (Popular Republican Movement) party which is a French Christian Democrat party. Schuman was also an independent political thinker and activist. He was twice Prime Minister of France. He also served as Minister of Finance and Foreign Minister. He was an important person in Europe after World War 2, and worked on creating European and trans-Atlantic institutions. He is regarded as one of the founders of the European Union, the Council of Europe and NATO.

Neoptera

Neoptera is a classification group that has almost all the winged insects, mostly those that can flex their wings over their abdomens. This is in contrast with the more basal orders of winged insects, which are not able to flex their wings in this way.

The Neoptera can be contrasted with the Palaeoptera, the 'ancient-winged' insects, which include the Odonata, the Ephemeroptera and extinct groups such as the Palaeodictyoptera.

Endopterygota

The Endopterygota (or Holometabola), are insects of the subclass Pterygota.

They have complete metamorphosis. This means they go through different larval, pupal, and adult stages. The larval and adult stages differ very much in their anatomy and behavior. This is called holometabolism, or complete metamorphism.

They are distinguished from the Exopterygota (or Hemipterodea) by the way in which their wings develop. Endopterygota ("internal winged forms") develop wings inside the body during metamorphosis.

The earliest endopterygote fossils date from the Carboniferous.

Hidemaro Watanabe

Watanabe was born in Hiroshima on September 24, 1924. After graduating from Kokugakuin University, he played for Chugoku Electric Power.

In March 1954, Watanabe was selected the Japan national team for 1954 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on March 14, he debuted against South Korea. He also played at 1954 Asian Games. He played 2 games for Japan in 1954.

On October 12, 2011, Watanabe died of pancreatic cancer in Hiroshima at the age of 87.

!Total||2||0

Masao Ono

Ono was born in Kanagawa Prefecture on March 2, 1923. After graduating from University of Tokyo, he joined Nissan Chemical. He also played for University of Tokyo LB which was consisted of his alma mater University of Tokyo players and graduates. At University of Tokyo LB, he won 1949 Emperor's Cup with Ko Arima and so on.

In March 1954, Ono was selected Japan national team for 1954 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on March 14, he debuted against South Korea. He also played at 1954 Asian Games. He played 3 games for Japan in 1954.

On February 11, 2001, Ono died of ruptured aneurysm of abdomen at the age of 77.

!Total||3||0

Tomohiko Ikoma

Ikoma was born in Hyogo Prefecture on August 25, 1932. When he was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he won 1953 and 1955 Emperor's Cup as a member of All Kwangaku which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates. After graduating from university, he joined Mitsubishi Motors in 1955. In 1965, the club joined new league Japan Soccer League. However he did not play in the match in the league. In 1966, he became a playing manager. End of 1966 season, he resigned as manager and retired from playing career.

On January 2, 1955, when Ikoma was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Burma. He played 5 games for Japan in 1955.

On April 27, 2009, Ikoma died in Kobe at the age of 76.

0||0
0||0

!Total||5||0

Kakuichi Mimura

Mimura was born in Tokyo Metropolis on August 16, 1931. After graduating from Chuo University, he founded Toho Titanium in 1955 and played for the club.

On 2 January 1955, Mimura debuted for the Japan national team against Burma. He played four games for Japan in 1955. In 1956, he was selected to represent Japan in the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, but did not play in the match.

After retirement, Mimura became a manager for Toho Titanium. He led the club to won Japanese Regional Leagues four times and promoted to Japan Soccer League two times in 1982 and 1985. End of 1985 season, he resigned.

Mimura died on 19 February 2022, at the age of 90.

!Total||4||0

Arawa Kimura

Kimura was born in Hiroshima on July 8, 1931. He played for Kwangaku Club (All Kwangaku) which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates. He also played for Chudai Club which was consisted of Chuo University players and graduates. He won 1950, 1953 and 1955 Emperor's Cup as a member of All Kwangaku and 1957 Emperor's Cup at Chudai Club.

In March 1954, Kimura was selected the Japan national team for 1954 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on March 7, he debuted against South Korea. He also played at 1954 Asian Games. He played 6 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1955.

On February 21, 2007, Kimura died in Ebina at the age of 75.

!Total||6||1

Yasukazu Tanaka

Tanaka was born on June 15, 1933. When he was a Chuo University student, he won the 2nd place at the 1955 Emperor's Cup with Ken Naganuma, Masao Uchino and so on. After graduating from university, he played for Toyo Industries.

On January 2, 1955, when Tanaka was a Chuo University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Burma. He played 4 games for Japan in 1955.

!Total||4||0

Hisataka Okamoto

Okamoto was born on December 14, 1933. When he was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he won 1953 and 1955 Emperor's Cup at All Kwangaku which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates. After graduating from university, he played for Hitachi.

On January 2, 1955, when Okamoto was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Burma. He played 5 games for Japan in 1955.

!Total||5||0

Nobuo Matsunaga

Matsunaga was born in Shida District, Shizuoka on December 6, 1921. After graduating from Tokyo Liberal Arts and Science University, he played for Nippon Light Metal.

In March 1954, Matsunaga was selected the Japan national team for 1954 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on March 14, he debuted against South Korea. He also played at 1954 Asian Games. He played 4 games for Japan until 1955.

After retirement, Matsunaga became a manager for Nippon Light Metal. In 1972, he promoted the club to new division, Japan Soccer League Division 2.

On September 25, 2007, Matsunaga died of lymphoma in Fujieda at the age of 85.

!Total||4||0

Reizo Fukuhara

Fukuhara was born in Higashihiroshima on April 2, 1931. On January 5, 1955, when he was a Tokyo University of Education student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Burma. He played 2 games for Japan in 1955.

On February 27, 1970, Fukuhara died of stomach cancer at the age of 38.

!Total||2||0

Toshio Iwatani

Iwatani was born in Kobe on October 24, 1925. After graduating from Waseda University, he played for Osaka SC. Osaka SC won the 2nd place at Emperor's Cup 3 times (1951, 1952 and 1953).

In March 1951, Iwatani was selected Japan national team for Japan team first game after World War II, 1951 Asian Games. At this competition, on March 7, he debuted against Iran. On march 9, at 3rd place match, he scored 2 goals against Afghanistan and Japan won the match 2-0. He also played at 1954 Asian Games. In June 1956, at 1956 Summer Olympics qualification, he played as captain against South Korea and Japan finished with one win and one defeat. After the qualifiers, he takes part in drawing of lots as captain and got won the qualification to 1956 Summer Olympics. However, in November, he was not selected Japan team for Olympics. He played 8 games and scored 4 goals for Japan until 1956.

On March 1, 1970, Iwatani died of brain tumor in Chuo, Tokyo at the age of 44. In 2006, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.

!Total||8||4


Alvin Ceccoli

Alvin Ceccoli (born 5 August 1974) is a former Australian football player. He has played for Australia national team.

International goals
With Central Coast Mariners:
With Sydney FC:
With Wollongong Wolves:

Kenzo Ohashi

Ohashi was born in Hiroshima Prefecture on April 21, 1934. After graduating from Waseda University, he played for Yuasa Batteries and his local club Toyo Industries. In 1965, Toyo Industries joined new league Japan Soccer League. He retired in 1967. He played 3 games and the club also won the championship for 3 years in a row (1965-1967) in the league.

In May 1958, Ohashi was selected the Japan national team for 1958 Asian Games. At this competition, on May 26, he debuted against Philippines.

After retirement, in 1971, Ohashi became a manager for Toyo Industries as Yukio Shimomura successor. He managed the club until 1975.

Ohashi died on December 21, 2015 at the age of 80.

3||0
3||0

!Total||1||0

Isao Iwabuchi

Iwabuchi was born in Tochigi Prefecture on November 17, 1933. He played for Keio BRB which was consisted of his alma mater Keio University players and graduates. He won 1954 and 1956 Emperor's Cup at the club.

On January 5, 1955, when Iwabuchi was a Keio University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Burma. In June 1956, at 1956 Summer Olympics qualification against South Korea, he scored a goal. After the qualification, Japan won the qualification to 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne by the drawing of lots. In November, he was selected Japan for 1956 Olympics. He also played at 1958 Asian Games. He played 8 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1958.

On April 16, 2003, Iwabuchi died of peritonitis in Tokyo Metropolis at the age of 69.

!Total||8||2

Gyoji Matsumoto

Matsumoto was born in Saitama on August 13, 1934. After graduating from Saitama University, he played for his local club Urawa Club ().

On December 28, 1958, he debuted for Japan national team against Malaya.

He later coached at Urawa Minami High School. The manga "Akakichi no Eleven" was based on his team.

He died of heart disease in Saitama on September 2, 2019, aged 85.

!Total||1||0

Hiroaki Sato

Sato was born in Amagasaki on February 5, 1932. After graduating from Kwansei Gakuin University, he played for Kwangaku Club (All Kwangaku) which was consisted of his alma mater Kwansei Gakuin University players and graduates. He won 1955, 1958 and 1959 Emperor's Cup.

On January 2, 1955, when Sato was a Kwansei Gakuin University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Burma. In 1956, he was selected Japan for 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. He also played at 1958 Asian Games. He played 15 games for Japan until 1959.

Sato died on January 1, 1988 at the age of 55.

!Total||15||0

Kenji Tochio

Tochio was born on May 26, 1941. After graduating from Fujieda Higashi High School, he joined Furukawa Electric. In 1965, Furukawa Electric joined new league Japan Soccer League. He retired in 1970. He played 61 games and scored 1 goal in the league.

On May 28, 1961, Tochio debuted for the Japan national team against Malaya. He played 2 games for Japan in 1961.

!Total||2||0

Hiroshi Saeki

Saeki was born in Hiroshima Prefecture on May 26, 1936. After graduating from Hiroshima Motomachi High School, he joined Yawata Steel. In 1965, Yawata Steel joined new league Japan Soccer League. He retired in 1966. He played 22 games and scored 9 goals in the league.

On December 25, 1958, he debuted for the Japan national team against Hong Kong. He played 4 games for Japan until 1961.

!Total||4||0

Takehiko Kawanishi

Kawanishi was born in Hiroshima Prefecture on October 9, 1938. After graduating from Rikkyo University, he joined his local club Toyo Industries in 1961. In 1965, Toyo Industries joined new league Japan Soccer League. He retired in 1966. He did not play in the match in the league.

In December 1959, when he was a Rikkyo University student, he was selected the Japan national team for 1960 Summer Olympics qualification. At this qualification, on December 20, he debuted against South Korea. He played 8 games for Japan until 1962.

0||0
0||0

!Total||8||0

Koji Sasaki

Sasaki was born on January 30, 1936. After graduating from Kansai University, he joined Dunlop Japan in 1958.

On December 25, 1958, he debuted for the Japan national team against Hong Kong. He played 14 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1961.

!Total||14||1

Shigenari Izumi

Shigenari Izumi (born 30 June 1969) is a former Japanese football player.

David Navarro

David Navarro (born 25 May 1980) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Valencia.

109||5
109||5

Takao Nishiyama

Nishiyama was born on January 7, 1942. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined Toyoda Automatic Loom Works in 1964.

On March 3, 1964, when Nishiyama was a Waseda University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Singapore.

!Total||1||0

Nobuyuki Oishi

Oishi was born in Hiroshima on September 12, 1939. After graduating from high school, he joined Yawata Steel (later "Nippon Steel"). The club won 1964 Emperor's Cup. In 1965, Yawata Steel joined new league Japan Soccer League. He retired in 1970. He played 61 games and scored 21 goals in the league.

On March 3, 1964, Oishi debuted for Japan national team against Singapore.

!Total||1||0

Katsuyoshi Kuwahara

Kuwahara was born in Fujieda on May 30, 1944. After graduating from Fujieda Higashi High School, he played for Nippon Light Metal and Nagoya Mutual Bank. In 1971, Nagoya Mutual Bank was disbanded and he retired.

On March 22, 1965, Kuwahara debuted for the Japan national team against Burma. On March 25, he also played against Singapore. He played 2 games for Japan in 1965.

After retirement, Kuwahara became a manager for Japanese Regional Leagues club Honda in 1973. He promoted the club to Japan Soccer League Division 2 in 1975 and Division 1 in 1981. He resigned in 1982. In 1987, he became a manager new club PJM Futures and managed until 1992.

!Total||2||0

Masanobu Izumi

Izumi was born in Hiroshima Prefecture on April 8, 1944. After graduating from Meiji University, he joined Japanese Regional Leagues club Toyota Motors in 1967. The club was promoted to Japan Soccer League Division 1 in 1972 and Division 2 in 1973. He retired in 1976.

On March 25, 1965, when Izumi was a Meiji University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Singapore and Japan won the match. However, after graduating from university in 1967, he was not selected Japan because he joined a club which playing in Japanese Regional Leagues.

After retirement, Izumi became a manager for Toyota Motors. He managed 1 season in 1987–88, but the club finished at the bottom place and was relegated Division 2.

!Total||1||0

Shigeki Kurata

Shigeki Kurata (born 22 June 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

227||4||17||0||25||1||269||5
227||4||17||0||25||1||269||5

Takayuki Yokoyama

Takayuki Yokoyama (born 22 December 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

160||41||20||4||26||3||3||1||209||49
160||41||20||4||26||3||3||1||209||49

Tamotsu Komatsuzaki

Tamotsu Komatsuzaki (born 10 July 1970) is a former Japanese football player.

143||0||15||1||2||0||160||1
143||0||15||1||2||0||160||1

Kenji Oba

106||3||11||0||25||1||142||4
106||3||11||0||25||1||142||4

Junji Koizumi

Junji Koizumi (born 11 January 1968) is a former Japanese football player.

126||3||5||0||16||0||147||3
126||3||5||0||16||0||147||3

Keisuke Moriya

Keisuke Moriya (born 11 July 1986) is a Japanese football player.

10||2||0||0||10||2
10||2||0||0||10||2

Yoichi Akiba

Yoichi Akiba (born 23 November 1983) is a former Japanese football player.

9||0||0||0||3||0||12||0
9||0||0||0||3||0||12||0

Yohei Sakai

Yohei Sakai (born 10 April 1986) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sagamihara.

Stanley Smith Stevens

Stanley Smith Stevens (4 November 1906 – 18 January 1973) was an American psychologist. He founded Harvard's Psycho-Acoustic Laboratory and introduced Stevens' power law. He also wrote an important textbook, the 1400+ page "Handbook of Experimental Psychology" (1951).

He was born in Ogden, Utah to Stanely and Adeline (Smith) Stevens and educated in LDS-affiliated schools in Salt Lake City, Utah. He spent much of his childhood in the household of his grandfather Orson Smith. At the death of his parents in 1924, he spent the next 3 years on an LDS mission in Switzerland and Belgium. He attended the University of Utah from 1927 to 1929 and Stanford University for the next two years, graduating with an A.B. in psychology from Stanford in 1931. He married Maxine Leonard in 1930 and had a son, Peter Smith, in 1936.


Daiki Niwa

Niwa was born in Kawachinagano on January 16, 1986. He joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka from their youth team in 2004. However he could not play at all in the match. In 2007, he moved to J2 League club Tokushima Vortis on loan. He played 45 matches as defensive midfielder. In 2008, he moved to J1 club Omiya Ardija on loan. However, there were few opportunities to play. In August, he moved to J2 club Avispa Fukuoka on loan. He played as center back and Avispa was promoted to J1 end of the 2010 season. In 2012, he returned to Gamba. However Gamba was relegated to J2 end of the 2012 season. In 2013, he became a regular player as center back and Gamba won the champions and was returned to J1 in a year. In 2014, Gamba won all three major title in Japan; J1 League, J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup. In July 2017, he moved to Sanfrecce Hiroshima. In July 2018, he moved to FC Tokyo.

In July 2015, Niwa was selected the Japan national team for 2015 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted against China on August 9. He played 2 games for Japan in 2015.

326||8||29||2||23||2||19||0||397||12
326||8||29||2||23||2||19||0||397||12

!Total||2||0

Naoya Ishigami

Naoya Ishigami (born 2 March 1985) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Cerezo Osaka.

64||5||0||0||3||0||1||0||68||5
64||5||0||0||3||0||1||0||68||5


New Found Glory

New Found Glory (used to be "A New Found Glory") is an American rock band from Coral Springs, Florida. They formed in 1997. Founding members were lead vocalist Jordan Pundik, guitarists Chad Gilbert and Steve Klein, bassist Ian Grushka and drummer Joe Moreno. Current drummer Cyrus Bolooki replaced Moreno after only a handful of shows and the lineup has since remained unchanged. Their kind of music is said to have come from bands such as bands Green Day and NOFX, to hardcore acts like Hatebreed and Madball. The band are known for their mix of pop melodies with the energy and fast tempos of classic punk rock. Because of this, they are now widely known as a key pioneer in the fusion genre of pop punk. They are also noted for their wild live performances.

Anochetus goodmani

Anochetus goodmani is a species of ant. It has been found and described by Fisher, B. L. & Smith, M. A. in 2008.

Anochetus pattersoni

Anochetus pattersoni is a species of ant. It was found on December 19, 2005 by S.M.Goodman in Seychelles. It was described by Fisher, B. L. & Smith, M. A. in 2008.

Anonychomyrma

Anonychomyrma is a genus of ants. It belongs to the ant subfamily Dolichoderinae.

Anoplolepis nuptialis

Anoplolepis nuptialis is a species of ant. It belongs to the family Formicidae. It is endemic to South Africa.


Marko Marin

Country

Marko Marin (born 13 March 1989 in Bosanska Gradiška, SFR Yugoslavia) is a German former football player. He played for Chelsea FC and Germany national team. 
At the age of two he and his parents came to Germany. There he started playing football in his local club SG 01 Hoechst and then with Eintracht Frankfurt. In 2006 he went to the Borussia Mönchengladbach youth academy. 2007 he signed his first professional contract with Gladbach. His debut in the first squad was on 31 March 2007 against Eintracht Frankfurt. On 24 June 2009 he was sold for € 8.5 million from Borussia Mönchengladbach to Werder Bremen.

Because he never was contacted by the Bosnian association he decided to play for Germany. He played for the German U21 squad and 26 matches for the National football team. He was part of the 2010 FIFA World Cup squad. He came in two times as substitute.


The Fritz Walter medal is presented by the DFB to the three best youth players of Germany.

116||15||10||5||10||2||136||22

!Total||11||1

Cacau

Claudemir Jerônimo Barreto (born 27 March 1981), known as Cacau (, ), is a German former football player of Brazilian descent. He plays for VfB Stuttgart and Germany national team.

VfB Stuttgart

Germany

Individual

Sami Khedira

Sami Khedira (; born 4 April 1987) is a German football player. He plays for JUVENTUS and Germany national team. Khedira moved from VfB Stuttgart to Real Madrid in 2010. He is known for his aerial ability, his ability to recover the ball and quickly join the team attack with his powerful shooting.

Khedira was born in Stuttgart to a German mother and Tunisian father.


!Total||45||4

Lotus Racing

Lotus Racing was a Formula 1 racing team. The team was created by the Malaysian government and Proton. It started racing in 2010 and ended by the end of 2011. 

Lotus Racing is not the same as Team Lotus. Lotus is owned by Proton, a company that builds cars. The Malaysian government owns a large part of Proton. Lotus Racing was started by the Malaysian government to promote the Proton company and its Lotus cars. The right to use the name "Team Lotus" is owned by David Hunt. David Hunt is the brother of James Hunt. James Hunt is the 1976 F1 world champion. The only connection between the two teams is the name "Lotus".

The new Lotus race car is painted green and yellow. These colors are the same colors used by the oridgnal Team Lotus.

At the end of 2011, Team Lotus' name was changed to Caterham F1 Team. Caterham F1 Team went bankrupt by the end of 2014.

 Season in progress.

Kingston, Rhode Island

Kingston is a village in Rhode Island. The University of Rhode Island is there. Most of the village center is on the National Register of Historic Places.

Rot Weiss Ahlen

Rot Weiss Ahlen is a football club which plays in Germany. After the first relegation from the 2. Bundesliga the club was renamed from "LR Ahlen" into "Rot Weiss Ahlen", because of retirement of the main sponsor "LR International".
The club has its roorts in different local clubs in the early 1900s. Coalminers often played football then. In 1917, Freie Sportclub Union (FSCU) Ahlen was founded and became one of the region's best known teams. During the time of Nazi rule in Germany the club was dissolved because most of the players came from abroad. A new club, Tus Germania Ahlen, was formed in 1933. This side merged with the strong local club Wacker Ahlen to create the town's largest sports association.

After the Second World War the 8 local clubs formed TuS Ahlen in 1948.Leichtathletik Rasensport Ahlen was formed on 1 June 1996 when TuS Ahlen merged with Blau-Weiß Ahlen to begin play in the Regionalliga West/Südwest in 1996–97. 2009 they were relegated from the 2. Bundesliga and next season from 3rd league due to insolvency. At present they play in the NRW-Liga.
"As of 17 August 2011"

Head Coach:

Assistant Coach:

Vienna Declaration

The Vienna Declaration was a statement to reinforce the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the United Nations Charter. This led to the starting of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights. It was adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993.

The main principle is that "all human rights are universal, indivisible and interdependent and interrelated." (Part I para 5) This means that the international community must treat all matters about human rights both economic, social and cultural rights and civil rights equallly and with the same importance without exceptions. This phase is cited also by Declaration of Montreal, Yogyakarta Principles and Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.

This Declaration aims at full realization of all human rights and freedoms without any discrimination such as racism, xenophobia, being in immigration, migrant workers, indigenous, ethnic or minority group, with tolerance and also affirm the human rights of women, child against all child abuse; child labour, child soldier, child prostitution, child pornography and any form of human trafficking, unfree prostitution, sexual slavery and against inhuman use of any weapons of war, especially the landmine, and also arrims the human rights of persons with disabilities. 

To realize all human rights, this Declaration demands all countries to ratify fully all treaties on human rights as much as possible and to make effective legal system to give remedy for human rights violations are indispensable to democracy and sustainable development not only the fair and full realization of human rights. 

This Declaration also affirm the universal worth of human rights, freedom and democracy and blame any terrorism, unlawful drug trade and also kidnapping as their destructions and insists international cooperation to combat against them. And this Declaration insists the international solidity and in the sprit of burden-sharing to ensure the right to political asylum according to the Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees including for Palestinian people and also insists the importance of education about international human rights law, humanitarian aid, peace, tolerance, rule of law, democracy and social justice for all at any level of educations against illiteracy. 

This Declaration also affirm the right to develop for developing countries, especially for the poorest countries in Africa, and to promote the democracy in Africa for development but that lacking of development may not justify the violation of full human rights. And appeals to the States which do not recognize formally the Geneva Conventions, to take necessary action to realize all human rights.

Nihon Odai Ichiran

A French translation of "Nihon Ōdai Ichiran" ("Annales des empereurs du Japon") was published in 1834. It was translated by a Dutchman Isaac Titsingh ; this translation was one of very few books about Japan of the time.

Dutch historian Isaac Titsingh brought the seven volumes of the book with him when he returned to Europe in 1797. He returned after twenty years in Asia. Titsingh's French translation was published in 1834. The Japanese originals were lost in the 19th century wars in Europe. 

This was the first major history of Japan to be published in the West. It was also the first history book by a Japanese writer to be published in Europe.

Isaac Titsingh described "Nihon odai ichiran" as a very difficult book. He thought that the translation was "a most tedious task."

In the 1950s, "Ōdai-ichiran" was evaluated by Japanologist John Whitney Hall who confirmed Titsingh's work is a careful translation from Japanese sources.



Morpheme

A morpheme is the smallest linguistic part of a word that can have a meaning. In other words, it is the smallest meaningful part of a word. Examples of morphemes would be the parts "un-", "break", and "-able" in the word "unbreakable".

There are 5 types of morpheme:

Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People

Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People (abbreviated SBCG4AP) is an episodic series of point-and-click adventure games developed by Telltale Games based on the Homestar Runner web cartoon and starring Strong Bad. The five episodes include Homestar Ruiner, Strong Badia the Free, Baddest of the Bands, Dangeresque 3: The Criminal Projective, and 8-Bit is Enough.

Strong Bad

Strong Bad is one of the major characters of the "Homestar Runner" series of animated surreal comedy Flash web cartoons. He is portrayed by Matt Chapman, the principal voice actor and co-founder of the series. Strong Bad enjoys pranking the other characters of the series, along with his ever-diligent lackey pet named "The Cheat" and his older brother Strong Mad. The main segment that Strong Bad is a part of is ""Strong Bad Email"", in which he answers emails sent to him by fans. "Strong Bad Email" has turned into several DVDs, as well as a podcast, since its first episode in 2001.

Strong Bad is sometimes referred to as the main antagonist of the series due to his pranks that he, Strong Mad, and The Cheat play on the other characters, and his insulting of his brother Strong Sad. He seems to be a character influenced by the American popular culture trends of the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, 
such as heavy metal music and the second and third generations of video games and video game consoles. Since he is one of the site's most popular characters, merchandise has also spun off of Strong Bad, which includes t-shirts and sweatshirts sold by the website.

Strong Bad has been one of the series most popular characters, and has been well received. In an article by National Review Online, Strong Bad was described as "a non-stop braggart, liar, manipulator, and egotist", but also "one of the coolest characters on the Internet and the real star of Homestarrunner.com, which may be the most popular homegrown animation in the world". Segments have been spun off of his emails, including "Teen Girl Squad" a comic drawn by Strong Bad about four teenage friends.

Old Style and New Style dates

Old Style (or O.S.) and New Style (or N.S.) are terms used for calendar dates in English language historical studies, for two reasons. The first reason is that the method of dating that is most widely used around the world today, the Gregorian calendar, was introduced into English cultures only in 1752. The second is that 1 January has not always been the first day of the year: in the British Empire (and some other countries), March 25th was the start of the year. Both of these conventions changed just a few centuries ago, when the Calendar (New Style) Act 1750 was made law. The dating style used before 1752Julian Calendar, year beginning 25 March is called Old Style Dating and the dating style used todayGregorian Calendar, year beginning 1 January is called New Style Dating. So when a date is given in a history book (or an old book), we need to know whether it is using 'New Style' or 'Old Style' dating. During the time of the changeover, people would give both dates. Even today, when historians are writing about an event in those times, they often give the date as it was used at the time but also give the modern equivalent for your convenience. 

The reason for changing the calendar was that people realised that there is a mistake in the Julian calendar, that it adds too many leap years. This meant that the date of Easter was being calculated wrongly, because it depends on March 21 being the day before the equinox. So they designed a new calendar that corrected this error. The new rule was that a leap year would happen every four years (as before) "but not" if the year ended in 00 "unless" it could be divided evenly by 400. (So 1600 and 2000 were leap years, but 1700, 1800 and 1900 were not.) Pope Gregory XIII had declared that this new calendar should be used from 1582 onwards. But only Roman Catholic countries accepted this ruling: Protestant and Eastern Orthodox countries refused to have the Pope tell them what to do. So even in Europe, the change happened at different times.

For example, it was not until 1752 that Great Britain and its colonies changed over to the new calendar, also changing the start of the year from 25 March to 1 January at the same time. Russia changed in 1918, after the 'October' Revolution.

The Latin words for O.S. are "stili veteris" or "stilo vetere". These terms are used in some books worldwide. They can be shortened to "st.v".

In Europe and its colonies, the 'old style calendar' means the Julian calendar. Other countries used different systems: for example China, Japan and Korea used lunisolar calendars. 

Clarence S. Campbell Bowl

The Clarence S. Campbell Bowl is a National Hockey League (NHL) trophy awarded to the Western Conference playoff champions. The trophy is named for Clarence S. Campbell to honor his work for the NHL. He was the president of the NHL from 1946 to 1977. The trophy is a made of sterling silver. It was made by a British silversmith in 1878. 

The trophy was first awarded in 1968 to the regular-season champions of the West Division. Starting in 1975, the trophy was awarded to the regular-season winner of the Campbell Conference. Starting in 1982, the trophy was awarded to the playoff champion in the Campbell Conference. Since 1994, the trophy has been awarded to the playoff champion in the Western Conference.

A traditional supersitition that is prevalent among many of today's NHL players is that no player should either touch or lift the Campbell (Western Conference champion) or Prince of Wales (Eastern Conference champion) Trophies after they have won the conference playoffs; the players feel that the Stanley Cup is the true championship trophy and thus it should be the only trophy that they should be hoisting.


Kangwon Province (North Korea)

Kangwŏn-do (강원도) is a province of North Korea. Its capital is at Wŏnsan. Before Korea was divided in 1945, Kangwŏn and its South Korean neighbor Gangwon-do (also spelled "Kangwon-do") was a single province. The "Diamond Mountain" is its highest part.

UVERworld

UVERworld is a Japanese pop-rock music band. They are a group of five from Shiga Prefecture.They performed live shows mainly in the Kansai area and made their Tokyo debut in late 2004, and broke out with their major debut in July, 2005. The band received New Artist of the Year in 2005 by the Recording Industry Association of Japan.



Shabu shabu

Today, there are many kinds of shabu-shabu. There is some kinds of Shabushabu. In hokkaido, there is "Takosyabu" which uses octopus. In Nagoya, there is "Torisyabu" which uses Nagoyacotin" In Toyama, there is "Sakesyabu" which uses salmon. In Kagoshima, there is ""Kurobutashabu" which use "Kagoshima black pig". 

Yoshikazu Suzuki

Yoshikazu Suzuki (born 1 June 1982) is a former Japanese football player.

204||10||10||0||2||0||216||10
204||10||10||0||2||0||216||10

Tetsuya Oishi

Tetsuya Oishi (born 26 November 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

52||1||6||0||6||1||64||2
52||1||6||0||6||1||64||2

Benigno Aquino III

Benigno Simeon "Noynoy" Cojuangco Aquino III (8 February 1960 – 24 June 2021) was a Filipino politician. He was the President of the Philippines from 2010 to 2016. He was also known as Noynoy Aquino or PNoy. Aquino was also a former Congressman and Senator of the Philippines. 

Aquino was born at FEU - NRMF Medical Center in Quezon City, He was the only son of five children of former Senator Benigno "Ninoy" Aquino, Jr. and former President Corazon "Cory" Aquino. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He was the first Filipino president to be a bachelor. In 2013, TIME magazine named him one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World. 

Aquino III died on 24 June 2021 in Quezon City, aged 61. He had diabetes. The cause of death was kidney failure.


Toshimasa Toba

Toshimasa Toba (born 16 July 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

124||4||10||0||4||0||138||4
124||4||10||0||4||0||138||4

Kenji Arima

Kenji Arima (born 26 November 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

143||59||13||9||19||4||175||72
143||59||13||9||19||4||175||72


Tsutomu Nishino

Tsutomu Nishino (born 13 March 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

134||10||10||0||18||0||162||10
134||10||10||0||18||0||162||10

Daiki Wakamatsu

Daiki Wakamatsu (born 2 August 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

237||21||21||2||6||0||264||23
237||21||21||2||6||0||264||23

Toshihiro Yoshimura

Toshihiro Yoshimura (born 28 June 1971) is a former Japanese football player.

229||2||19||0||16||0||264||2
229||2||19||0||16||0||264||2

Takashi Kuramoto

Takashi Kuramoto (born 8 August 1984) is a former Japanese football player. Kuramoto played for Oita Trinita and Mito HollyHock.

54||0||1||0||2||0||57||0
54||0||1||0||2||0||57||0

Hiromasa Kanazawa

) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sagamihara.

100||2||4||0||104||2
100||2||4||0||104||2

Kazuhiko Shingyoji

Kazuhiko Shingyoji (born 5 February 1986) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Blaublitz Akita.

116||7||5||0||121||7
116||7||5||0||121||7

Tadao Onishi

Onishi was born in Kyoto on April 18, 1943. After graduating from Kyoto University of Education, he joined Mitsubishi Motors in 1967. The club won Japan Soccer League champions in 1969 and 1973. The club also won 1971 and 1973 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1974. He played 83 games in the league.

In October 1969, Onishi was selected the Japan national team for 1970 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on October 10, he debuted against Australia.

After retirement, Onishi became a manager for Toshiba in 1981. He managed until 1985–86 season. In 2002, he signed with Thespa Kusatsu and became a general manager. From November 2005, he also served as president.

On June 29, 2006, Onishi died of lung cancer in Yokohama at the age of 63.

83||0
83||0

!Total||1||0

Tsuyoshi Kunieda

Kunieda was born in Hiroshima Prefecture on September 18, 1944. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined his local club Toyo Industries in 1967. The club won Japan Soccer League champions in 1967, 1968 and 1970. The club also won 1967, 1969 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1972. He played 38 games and scored 3 goals in the league.

In October 1969, Kunieda was selected the Japan national team for 1970 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on October 16, he debuted against Australia. On October 18, he also played against South Korea. He played 2 games for Japan in 1969.

!Total||2||0

Junji Kawano

Kawano was born in Nakatsu on July 11, 1945. After graduating from Tokyo University of Education, he joined Toyo Industries in 1968. The club won the Japan Soccer League champions in 1968 and 1970. The club also won 1969 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1976. He played 90 games and scored 8 goals in the league.

On March 31, 1968, Kawano debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. In October 1969, he was also selected Japan for 1970 World Cup qualification. He played 2 games for Japan until 1969.

!Total||2||0

Masafumi Hara

Hara was born on December 21, 1943. After graduating from Kumamoto Commercial High School, he joined Japan Soccer League club Yawata Steel (later "Nippon Steel"). He retired in 1974. He played 96 games and scored 9 goals in the league.

On July 31, 1970, Hara debuted for the Japan national team against Hong Kong. He also played in the 1970 Asian Games. He played five games for Japan in 1970.

!Total||5||0

Norio Yoshimizu

Yoshimizu was born on August 21, 1946. After graduating from Keio University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Furukawa Electric in 1969. He retired in 1972. He played 53 games and scored 6 goals in the league.

On July 31, 1970, Yoshimizu debuted for the Japan national team against Hong Kong. He played 4 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1970.

!Total||4||1

Yusuke Omi

Omi was born in Tokyo Metropolis on December 26, 1946. After graduating from Hosei University, he joined Hitachi in 1970. In 1972, the club won Japan Soccer League and Emperor's Cup. In 1973, the club won the 2nd place at Japan Soccer League and Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1974. He played 49 games and scored 8 goals in the league.

On August 4, 1970, Omi debuted for the Japan national team against Thailand. He also played at 1970 Asian Games. He played 5 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1970.

49||8
49||8

!Total||5||1

Marcio Richardes

81||22||6||2||15||3||102||27
81||22||6||2||15||3||102||27


Yoichi Futori

Yoichi Futori (born 3 August 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gamba Osaka.

19||0||2||0||0||0||21||0
19||0||2||0||0||0||21||0


Ryuichi Dogaki

Ryuichi Dogaki (born 8 January 1988) is a former Japanese football player.

1||0||1||0||0||0||2||0
1||0||1||0||0||0||2||0

Naoya Shibamura

Naoya Shibamura (born 11 September 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gainare Tottori.

26||0||||||26||0
37||1||0||0||37||1
63||1||0||0||63||1


Patrik Berger

Patrik Berger (born 10 November 1973) is a former Czech football player. He has played for Czechoslovakia national team and Czech Republic national team.

Borussia Dortmund

Liverpool

Individual

Miguel Pallardó

Miguel Pallardó (born 5 September 1986) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Levante.

49||1
49||1

David Cerrajería

David Cerrajería (born 4 June 1983) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Levante.

87||0
87||0

Takeshi Ono

Ono was born on November 22, 1944. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined Toyo Industries in 1967. The club won Japan Soccer League champions 1967, 1968 and 1970. The club also won 1967 and 1969 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1976. He played 145 games and scored 5 goals in the league.

On March 25, 1965, he debuted for the Japan national team against Singapore. In 1971, he was selected Japan again. He played 3 games for Japan until 1971.

!Total||3||0

George Kobayashi

Kobayashi was born in São Paulo, Brazil on November 29, 1947. He moved to Japan and joined Japan Soccer League club Yanmar Diesel in 1971. The club won the league champions in 1971, 1974 and 1975. The club also won 1974 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1976. He played 92 games and scored 7 goals in the league. He was selected Best Eleven in 1974 and 1975.

On July 16, 1972, Kobayashi debuted for the Japan national team against Sri Lanka. He played 3 games for Japan in 1972.

!Total||3||0

Seiichi Sakiya

Sakiya was born in Hiroshima on December 1, 1950. After graduating from Sanyo High School, he joined Yawata Steel (later "Nippon Steel") in 1969. He retired in 1981. He played 193 games and scored 48 goals in the league.

In September 1971, Sakiya was selected the Japan national team for 1972 Summer Olympics qualification. At this qualification, on September 27, he debuted against Philippines. He played 3 games for Japan until 1972.

!Total||3||0

Noritaka Hidaka

Hidaka was born in Tokyo Metropolis on May 29, 1947. When he was a Rikkyo University student, he won the 2nd place at 1969 Emperor's Cup. This is last finalist as university team in Emperor's Cup. After graduating from Rikkyo University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Nippon Steel in 1971. He retired in 1977. He played 114 games and scored 50 goals in the league.

On September 14, 1972, Hidaka debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. In 1973, he also played at 1974 World Cup qualification. He played 4 games for Japan until 1973.

!Total||4||0

Minoru Kobata

Kobata was born in Saitama on November 24, 1946. After graduating from Meiji University, he joined Hitachi in 1969. In 1972, the club won Japan Soccer League and Emperor's Cup. The club also won 1975 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1975. He played 99 games and scored 22 goals in the league. He was selected Best Eleven in 1970.

On July 31, 1970, Kobata debuted for the Japan national team against Hong Kong. In December, he was selected Japan for 1970 Asian Games. He also played at 1974 World Cup qualification in 1973. He played 13 games for Japan until 1973.

99||22
99||22

!Total||13||0

Shusaku Hirasawa

Hirasawa was born in Akita Prefecture on March 5, 1949. After graduating from Akita Commercial High School, he joined Japan Soccer League club Hitachi in 1967. In 1972, the club won the champions at Japan Soccer League and Emperor's Cup. The club won 1975 Emperor's Cup and 1976 JSL Cup. He retired in 1978. He played 160 games and scored 20 goals in the league.

On August 4, 1972, Hirasawa debuted for the Japan national team against the Philippines. In 1973, he was selected by Japan for the 1974 World Cup qualification. He also played in the 1974 Asian Games. He played 11 games and scored one goal for Japan until 1974.

160||20
160||20

!Total||11||1

Kazuhisa Kono

Kono was born in Hiroshima Prefecture on December 30, 1950. After graduating from Sanyo High School, he joined Japan Soccer League club Hitachi in 1969. In 1972, the club won Japan Soccer League and Emperor's Cup. The club also won the 1975 Emperor's Cup and 1976 JSL Cup. He retired in 1980 after having played 113 games in the league.

Kono played for the Japan national team once, against Hong Kong on February 20, 1974.

113||0
113||0

!Total||1||0

Koji Funamoto

Funamoto was born in Hiroshima on August 12, 1942. After graduating from Hiroshima University High School, he joined his local club, Toyo Industries in 1961. In 1965, Toyo Industries joined new league Japan Soccer League. The club won league champions in 1965, 1966, 1967, 1968 and 1970. The club also won 1965, 1967 and 1969 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1975. He played all 166 league matches in 11 seasons. He was selected Best Eleven in 1970.

In September 1967, Funamoto was selected the Japan national team for 1968 Summer Olympics qualification. At this qualification, he debuted against Philippines on September 27. However he was not selected the Japan for 1968 Summer Olympics. In 1970, he also played at 1970 Asian Games. He played 19 games for Japan until 1975.

166||0
166||0

!Total||19||0

Kazumi Takada

Takada was born in Shizuoka on June 28, 1951. After dropped out of Nihon University, he joined Mitsubishi Motors in 1971. The club won 1971 Emperor's Cup, 1973 Japan Soccer League and 1973 Emperor's Cup. In 1978, the club won all three major titles in Japan: Japan Soccer League, JSL Cup and Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1979. He played 128 games and scored 25 goals in the league. He was selected Best Eleven in 1972 and 1973.

In December 1970, when Takada was a Nihon University student, he was selected the Japan national team for 1970 Asian Games. At this competition, on December 12, he debuted against Khmer. He also played at 1974 World Cup qualification. He played 16 games for Japan until 1975.

On October 1, 2009, Takada died of pancreatic cancer in Suginami, Tokyo at the age of 58.

128||25
128||25

!Total||16||0

Michio Ashikaga

Ashikaga was born in Akita Prefecture on May 22, 1950. After graduating from Akita Commercial High School, he joined Japan Soccer League club Mitsubishi Motors in 1969. The club won the league champions in 1969, 1973 and 1978. The club also won 1971, 1973, 1978 Emperor's Cup and 1978 JSL Cup. He retired in 1978. He played 132 games and scored 36 goals in the league.

In September 1971, Ashikaga was selected the Japan national team for 1972 Summer Olympics qualification. At this qualification, on September 23, he debuted against Malaysia. He also played at 1974 World Cup qualification. He played 7 games for Japan until 1975.

132||36
132||36

!Total||7||0

Ignacio Insa Bohigues

Ignacio Insa Bohigues (born 9 June 1986) is a Spanish football player. He has played for Villarreal (B team).

57||3
57||3

Toshio Takabayashi

Takabayashi was born on November 15, 1953. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Hitachi in 1976. The club won 1976 JSL Cup. He retired in 1982. He played 79 games and scored 10 goals in the league.

On February 12, 1974, when Takabayashi was a Chuo University student, he debuted and scored a goal for the Japan national team against Singapore. In September, he was selected Japan for 1974 Asian Games. He also played at 1976 Summer Olympics qualification. He played 12 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1976.

79||10
79||10

!Total||12||2

Nilüfer, Bursa

Nilüfer is a district of Bursa Province of Turkey.

Vuvuzela

A vuvuzela is a blowing horn commonly used in soccer games in South Africa. They are also called lepatas or a stadium horn. To blow this horn, the lip and lung strength of the blower has to be strong to make a sound like a foghorn or an elephant.

The "vuvuzela" was originally made out of tin. It became very popular in South Africa in the 1990s. A fan of the Kaizer Chiefs FC named Freddie "Saddam" Maake says that he invented the vuvuzela. He got the idea from the aluminium 1965 bicycle horn, and after taking off the black rubber, he blew it. After that, he thought it was too short, and so he joined a pipe to make it longer. He has kept photos of himself in South African soccer games holding the aluminium vuvuzela. He says the instrument was not allowed to be used because it was thought of as a dangerous weapon. Because of this, he tried to find a plastic company that could make it safer.

In 2001, South Africa-based company Masincedane Sport began to sell the plastic version. Neil van Schalkwyk, the co-owner of Masincedane Sport, won the SAB KickStart Award in 2001.

Vuvuzelas have been said to be rooted in African history, but this is argued between many historians. South African people used to blow on a kudu horn to call villagers to a meeting. Also, there is a South African saying that "A baboon is killed by a lot of noise." Similar horns have been made for a long time by many people. A horn that looks identical to a vuvuzela is seen in Winslow Homer's woodcut "The Dinner Horn" from the 1870s.

In the 2010 World Cup, vuvuzelas were in the news all over the world because it was normal in South Africa for them to be blown at football matches. The world football governing body, FIFA, did not want to allow the use of vuvuzelas. This was because they were afraid that hooligans might use the instrument as a weapon and that businesses could put advertisements on vuvuzelas. However the South African Football Association (SAFA) said that vuvuzelas were important for South African games, and FIFA decided in July 2008 to let the instruments be used.

Some football players and audiences did not like the vuvuzelas. The Lee Dixon of the BBC Three said that the sounds were "quite irritating". The European broadcasters also complained to the FIFA that they could not hear the commentators because of the sound.

Vuvuzelas have also caused problems. With a Vuvuzela, high sound pressure levels can be reached. These are about 120 dB(A) at a distance of one metre, and about 191 db(A) next to the instrument. There have been moves to prohibit the use of vuvuzelas in certain public viewing areas, because they can damage hearing, and because their sound may be louder than that of emergency broadcasts. Demand for earplugs to protect from hearing loss during the World Cup was bigger than the available supply. Many pharmacies ran out of stock. Neil van Schalkwyk, manufacturer of the plastic vuvuzela, began selling earplugs to fans. After the World Cup 2010 vuvuzelas started to be banned in other countries. In Britain Tottenham Hotspur was the first football team to ban them in July 2010, and many other football teams have since followed. They were banned because of health and safety reasons, especially because it was said that people might not hear any safety announcements.


ING Group

ING Group, or just ING is a world wide financial company. ING started in the Netherlands. ING offers banking, investments, life insurance and retirement services. ING means: Internationale Nederlanden Groep. 

It is a member of Inter-Alpha Group of Banks. 

The first bank of ING Group was founded in 1743. 

Then it was established in 1991 after the merger of NMB Postbank Groep and Nationale-Nederlanden. 

Web accessibility

Web accessibility is how easy it is to use the internet for people with disabilities. 

This can be different types of disabilities. For example, websites might have important information in a sound file with somebody reading it out loud, which would make it possible for people who are blind or who have trouble seeing to get the information. Another way of making a website more accessible would be to remove an image with flashing lights, because such images could give some people seizures.


Brachiosaur

Brachiosaurs are a family of sauropod dinosaurs, the Brachiosauridae. They were herbivorous quadrupeds with longer forelegs than hind legs. As a result, there is also some dispute about which animals belong within this family.

The largest mounted skeleton in the world is a brachiosaur, the "Giraffatitan brancai" (formerly "Brachiosaurus brancai") at the Museum für Naturkunde in Berlin, Germany.

Brachiosaurs first evolved in the Middle Jurassic, and died out at the end of the Lower Cretaceous, surviving for about 60 million years. The earliest known brachiosaur may be "" from the Middle Jurassic of Africa. The giant "Sauroposeidon" from North America was one of the last brachiosaurs, living just before the end of the Early Cretaceous period. 

The name "brachiosaur" means "arm lizard", which may sound like a strange name for a four-legged animal. The family Brachiosauridae was given this name because the dinosaurs in it tended to have longer "arms" (front legs) than back legs.

Brachiosaurs have been featured in many works of popular culture, particularly the type genus, "Brachiosaurus". "Brachiosaurus" was featured in the 1993 film "Jurassic Park", as well as the 2000 Disney film "". The brachiosaur "Astrodon" is the state dinosaur of Maryland. It was featured in paleontologist Robert T. Bakker's novel Raptor Red, where it was portrayed as a prey item of the dromaeosaur "Utahraptor".

Giraffatitan

Giraffatitan ("giraffe titan") is a genus of sauropod dinosaurs. It lived during the Upper Jurassic, about 140 million years ago. It was related to "Brachiosaurus", and was one of the largest animals known to have walked the Earth.

Giraffatitans were about long and weighed about . They had very long necks. They were obviously adapted for feeding on tall conifers. These were the main trees in the Jurassic forests. They lived in what is now Tanzania.

The specimen was first named as an African species of "Brachiosaurus" ("B. brancai") in 1914. In 1991, George Olshevsky said there were enough differences to make its own genus, creating "Giraffatitan".

Several giant titanosaurians appear to surpass "Giraffatitan" in sheer mass. However, "Giraffatitan" and "Brachiosaurus" are still the largest brachiosaurid sauropods known from relatively complete material.

All size estimates for "Giraffatitan" are based on the skeleton mounted in Berlin, which is partly constructed from authentic bones. These were largely taken from specimen HMN SII, a subadult individual between in length and about twelve meters (forty feet) tall.

Level (device)

Level is a device used to measure true horizontal or relative heights, frequently used in surveying and construction:


Hiroji Imamura

Imamura was born in Koka on April 27, 1949. After graduating from Koka High School, he joined Japan Soccer League club Yanmar Diesel in 1968. He played as winger with Kunishige Kamamoto and assisted his many goals. The club won the league championship in 1971, 1974, 1975, and 1980. He retired in 1983. He played 230 games and scored 60 goals in the league.

On August 8, 1976, Imamura debuted for the Japan national team against India. He played 4 games for Japan in 1976.

!Total||4||0

Masaki Yokotani

Yokotani was born in Kyoto Prefecture on May 10, 1952. After graduating from Hosei University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Hitachi in 1975. The club won the 1975 Emperor's Cup and 1976 JSL Cup. He moved to Division 2 club All Nippon Airways in 1984. In 1984, the club was promoted to Division 1. He retired in 1986.

On July 23, 1974, when Yokotani was a Hosei University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Romania. He also played at 1976 Asian Cup qualification and 1978 World Cup qualification. He played 20 games for Japan from 1974 to 1977.

125+||2+
125+||2+

!Total||20||0

Kiyoshi Saito

Kiyoshi Saito (born 11 October 1982) is a former Japanese football player.

69||12||8||0||77||12
69||12||8||0||77||12

Juan Luis Mora

Juan Luis Mora (born 12 July 1973) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Levante.

331||0
331||0

Alexis Ruano Delgado

Alexis Ruano Delgado (born 4 August 1985) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Valencia.

112||6
112||6

Hisao Sekiguchi

Sekiguchi was born in Saitama on October 29, 1954. After graduating from high school, he joined his local club Mitsubishi Motors in 1973. In 1973, the club won the champions Japan Soccer League and Emperor's Cup. In 1978, the club won all three major title in Japan; Japan Soccer League, JSL Cup and Emperor's Cup. In 1980s, the club also won 1980 Emperor's Cup, 1981 JSL Cup and 1982 Japan Soccer League. He retired in 1988. He played 153 games and scored 36 goals in the league.

On May 23, 1978, Sekiguchi debuted for the Japan national team against Thailand. In July, he also played for Japan. He played 3 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1978.

153||36
153||36

!Total||3||1

Ichiro Hosotani

Hosotani was born in Hyogo Prefecture on January 21, 1946. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Mitsubishi Motors in 1969. The club won the champions in 1969 Japan Soccer League and 1971 Emperor's Cup. In 1973, the club won Japan Soccer League and Emperor's Cup. In 1978, the club won all three major title in Japan; Japan Soccer League, JSL Cup and Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1978. He played 140 games and scored 58 goals in the league.

On July 13, 1978, when Hosotani was 32 years old, he debuted for the Japan national team against Iraq. He played four games and scored one goal for Japan that year.

140||58
140||58

!Total||4||1

Toyohito Mochizuki

Mochizuki was born in Shizuoka on September 18, 1953. After graduating from Tokyo University of Agriculture, he joined Japan Soccer League Division 2 club Fujitsu. The club won Division 2 champions in 1976 and was promoted to Division 1.

On July 21, 1978, Mochizuki debuted for the Japan national team against Malaysia. On July 23, he also played against Singapore. He played 2 games for Japan in 1978.

!Total||2||0

Shigemi Ishii

Ishii was born on July 7, 1951. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Furukawa Electric in 1976. The club won the league champions in 1976 and 1985/86. The club also won 1976 Emperor's Cup, 1977, 1982 and 1986 JSL Cup. He retired in 1986. He played 149 games and scored 5 goals in the league. He was selected Best Eleven in 1976.

On February 12, 1974, when Ishii was a Chuo University student, he debuted for the Japan national team against Singapore. In September, he was selected Japan for 1974 Asian Games. He also played at 1978 World Cup qualification. He played 15 games for Japan until 1979.

149||5
149||5

!Total||15||0

Kazuyoshi Nakamura

Nakamura was born in Fujieda on April 8, 1955. After graduating from Hosei University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Fujitsu in 1978. In 1978 season, however he played 11 games and scored 3 goals, the club was relegated to Division 2. He retired in 1981.

On March 4, 1979, Nakamura debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. In this match, he scored a goal and Japan won the match. He played 5 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1979.

11+||3+
11+||3+

!Total||5||1

Yoshiichi Watanabe

Watanabe was born on April 5, 1954. After graduating from Sendai University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Toyo Industries (later "Mazda") in 1977. The club won the 2nd place in 1978 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1982. He played 81 games and scored 3 goals in the league.

On June 16, 1979, Watanabe debuted for Japan national team against South Korea. He played 6 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1979.

!Total||6||1

Michio Yasuda

Yasuda was born on November 10, 1949. After graduating from Fukuoka University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Nippon Steel in 1972. He retired in 1980. He played 155 games in the league.

On August 23, 1979, Yasuda debuted for Japan national team against North Korea.

!Total||1||0

Mitsuo Kato

Kato was born on January 22, 1953. After graduating from Kwansei Gakuin University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Mitsubishi Motors in 1976. In 1978, the club won all three major title in Japan; Japan Soccer League, JSL Cup and Emperor's Cup. The club also won 1980 Emperor's Cup, 1981 JSL Cup and 1982 Japan Soccer League. He retired in 1983. He played 61 games and scored 7 goals in the league.

On August 23, 1979, Kato debuted for the Japan national team against North Korea.

61||7
61||7

!Total||1||0

Yukitaka Omi

Omi was born in Tokyo Metropolis on December 15, 1952. He joined Yomiuri in 1971. The club was promoted to new division Japan Soccer League Division 2 in 1972 and Division 1 in 1978. In 1979, the club won their first major title, JSL Cup. The club won the league champions in 1983 and 1984. The club also won 1984 Emperor's Cup and 1985 JSL Cup. He retired in 1986.

On May 23, 1978, Omi debuted for the Japan national team against Thailand. In 1980, he was selected Japan for 1980 Summer Olympics qualification. He played 6 games for Japan until 1980.

After retirement, Omi started coaching career at Yomiuri (later "Tokyo Verdy"). In July 2001, he became a manager as Yasutaro Matsuki successor. However, he was sacked in April 2002. In April 2005, he signed with Arte Takasaki and managed the club in 1 season.

244||31||23||0||30||2||297||33
244||31||23||0||30||2||297||33

!Total||6||0

Ikuo Takahara

Takahara was born on October 14, 1957. After graduating from Ueda Higashi High School, he joined Japan Soccer League club Mitsubishi Motors in 1976. In 1978, the club won all three major title in Japan; Japan Soccer League, JSL Cup and Emperor's Cup. The club also won 1980 Emperor's Cup and 1981 JSL Cup. He retired in 1981. He played 64 games and scored 15 goals in the league.

In March 1980, Takahara was selected the Japan national team for 1980 Summer Olympics qualification. At this qualification, on March 22, he debuted and scored a goal against South Korea. He played 4 games and scored 2 goals for Japan in 1980.

64||15
64||15

!Total||4||2

Hiroyuki Sakashita

Sakashita was born in Miura on May 6, 1959. After graduating from University of Tsukuba, he joined Japan Soccer League club Fujita Industries in 1982. He played as regular player at the club. However, the club was relegated to Division 2 in 1990. He moved to Yomiuri in 1990 and retired in 1991. He played 161 games and scored 5 goals in the league.

In December 1980, when Sakashita was a University of Tsukuba student, he was selected the Japan national team for 1982 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on December 28, he debuted against Macau.

161||5
161||5

!Total||1||0

Yoshio Kato

Kato was born in Saitama on August 1, 1957. After graduating from Osaka University of Commerce, he joined Japan Soccer League club Furukawa Electric (later "JEF United Ichihara") in 1980. The club won the league champions in 1985/86. The club also won 1982 and 1986 JSL Cup. However, he could not play in the game much, as he was the team's reserve goalkeeper behind Choei Sato. Kato became a regular goalkeeper in later 1980s. He retired in 1993. He played 87 games in the league.

On June 9, 1980, Kato debuted for the Japan national team against Hong Kong. He played 8 games for Japan until 1981.

After retirement, Kato started coaching career at JEF United Ichihara from 1994. In 2000s, he became a goalkeeper coach for U-17 and U-20 Japan national team. In 2006, he became a goalkeeper coach for Japan national team. He coached Japan until 2010 World Cup under manager Ivica Osim and Takeshi Okada.

87||0||0||0||17||0||104||0
87||0||0||0||17||0||104||0

!Total||8||0

Yasuhito Suzuki

Suzuki was born in Osaka Prefecture on December 19, 1959. After graduating from Settsu High School, he joined his local club Yanmar Diesel in 1978. However, he could not play in the game much, as he was the team's reserve goalkeeper behind Kazumi Tsubota. The club won the Japan Soccer League champions in 1980. He retired in 1982. He played 8 games in the league.

In August 1979, Suzuki was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 1979 World Youth Championship and he played in 3 games. In December 1980, he was selected the Japan national team for 1982 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on December 22, he debuted against Singapore. He played 4 games for Japan in 1980.

8||0
8||0

!Total||4||0

Toyokazu Fukuda

Toyokazu Fukuda (born 26 December 1958) is a former Japanese football player.

Nobutaka Suzuki

Nobutaka Suzuki (born 12 September 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Shonan Bellmare.

36||0||||||36||0
54||1||1||0||55||1
90||1||1||0||91||1


Genki Haraguchi

Haraguchi was born in Kumagaya on May 9, 1991. He joined J1 League club Urawa Reds from their youth team in 2008. He played many matches from 2009. He played 167 matches and scored 33 goals until 2014. In June 2014, he moved to German Bundesliga club Hertha. He played many matches until the 2016/17 season. However he lost his position in the 2017/18 season. In January 2018, he moved to 2. Bundesliga club Fortuna Düsseldorf. In June 2018, he moved to Bundesliga club Hannover. The club was relegated to 2. Bundesliga end of the 2018/19 season.

On October 7, 2011, Haraguchi debuted for the Japan national team against Vietnam. He played many matches as left midfielder under manager Vahid Halilhodžić from summer 2015. In 2018, he was selected Japan under manager Akira Nishino for 2018 World Cup. He played 3 matches as right midfielder and scored a goal against Belgium at the round of 16 match. He also participated 2019 Asian Cup. He played all 7 matches and scored 2 goals, Japan won the 2nd place.

Fortuna Düsseldorf

Japan

Individual

Ryo Kanazawa

Ryo Kanazawa (born 19 October 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba.

3||0||1||0||1||0||5||0
3||0||1||0||1||0||5||0


Seiko Yamanaka

Seiko Yamanaka (born 22 January 1989) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Fagiano Okayama.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Alceu (footballer)

Alceu (born 7 May 1984) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Kashiwa Reysol.

"Updated to 23 February 2016".


Kota Morimura

49||5||1||0||0||0||50||5
49||5||1||0||0||0||50||5

Nobuyuki Abe (footballer)

17||0||0||0||0||0||17||0
17||0||0||0||0||0||17||0

Kei Uemura

Kei Uemura (born 24 September 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Shonan Bellmare.

17||0||3||0||20||0
17||0||3||0||20||0


Takumi Shimohira

Takumi Shimohira (born 6 October 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gamba Osaka.

45||0||6||1||4||0||12||0||67||1
45||0||6||1||4||0||12||0||67||1


Shu Kurata

Kurata was born in Takatsuki on November 26, 1988. He joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka from their youth team in 2007. Although he did not play many matches, Gamba won the champions in the 2008 AFC Champions League. In 2010, he moved to J2 League club JEF United Chiba on loan and became a regular player. In 2011, he moved to J1 club Cerezo Osaka. In 2012, he returned to Gamba Osaka. However Gamba was relegated to J2 end of the 2012 season. In 2013, Gamba won the champions and returned to J1 in a year. In 2014, Gamba won all three major title in Japan; J1 League, J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup.

In July 2019, Kurata was selected the Japan national team for 2015 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted against South Korea on August 5. He played 9 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2017.

367||69||37||5||45||5||32||4||481||83
367||69||37||5||45||5||32||4||481||83

!Total||9||2

Kenta Hoshihara

Kenta Hoshihara (born 1 May 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gamba Osaka.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0


Kim Tae-yeon (footballer)

Kim Tae-Yeon (born 27 June 1988) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

84||2||2||0||1||0||87||2
84||2||2||0||1||0||87||2

Gakuto Kondo

Gakuto Kondo (born 10 February 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vissel Kobe.

5||0||0||0||3||0||8||0
5||0||0||0||3||0||8||0


Matthew (ship)

The Matthew was a caravel sailed by John Cabot in 1497 from Bristol to North America, presumably Newfoundland. After a voyage which had got no further than Iceland, Cabot left again with only one vessel, the "Matthew", a small ship (50 tons), but fast and able. The crew consisted of only 18 people. The "Matthew" departed either 2 May or 20 May 1497. She sailed to Dursey Head (latitude 51°36N), Ireland, from where she sailed due west, expecting to reach Asia. However, landfall was reached in North America on 24 June 1497. His precise landing-place is a matter of much controversy, with Cape Bonavista or St. John's in Newfoundland the most likely sites. 

Yosuke Ishibitsu

Yosuke Ishibitsu (born 23 July 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vissel Kobe.

85||5||7||2||13||1||105||8
85||5||7||2||13||1||105||8


Takahide Kishi

Takahide Kishi (born 28 April 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vissel Kobe.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0


Object (grammar)

An object in grammar is the target of an action, and occurs in any sentence with a transitive verb. It is an element in the clause which follows the verb, as in:

These are direct objects. The following are indirect objects:
The structure of these sentences is (S/V/O/O) where S = subject, V = verb and O = object. The first object is an "indirect object", the second is a "direct object". Notice that, in the last example, you sent a letter, not your son. The sentence makes perfect sense without the indirect object.

An equivalent sentence to the last example is:
Here some grammarians also see "son" as the indirect object ("letter" is the term which cannot be left out).

Subject (grammar)

The subject in grammar is the agent (the 'doer') in an active sentence such as: "Alan kissed Jane".

However, there is a difficulty. The following two sentences are identical in meaning:
Only in the first sentence is "our children" the grammatical subject. So there is a difference between the logical subject and the grammatical subject. Also, many sentences have no subject, for instance:

If a sentence does have a subject, then the rest of the sentence may be called the "predicate". 

Frigate

A frigate () is a warship. The term has been used for warships of many sizes and roles for a few centuries. During the age of sail they were small, agile ships that were extensively used in the American War of Independence, and later against the British. Their main use was shore defense.

In the modern day the term "Frigate" covers a broad range of ships. This is primarily for political reasons. The generally accepted term is of a warship less that 6, 000 dwt and greater that around 2, 000 dwt. Its primary purpose is usually anti-submarine warfare. It can also be a long range patrol vessel or in smaller navies an anti-air vessel.

Eugène Gigout

Eugène Gigout (23 March 1844 – 9 December 1925) was a French organist and composer of European late-romantic music for organ.

Gigout was born in Nancy, and died in Paris.

A student of Camille Saint-Saëns, he served as the organist of Saint-Augustin Church in Paris for 62 years. He became known as a teacher. Also, his output as a composer was large and of high quality. Renowned as an expert improviser, he also founded his own music school. His nephew-by-marriage, Leon Boëllmann, became another fine organist and composer for the organ (but died at the very young age of 35).

The "10 pièces pour orgue", composed in 1890, are Gigout's most famous compositions. They are the "Toccata in B minor", his best-known composition, which turns up as a common encore at organ concerts. Also fairly often performed, and to be found in the same collection, is a "Scherzo in E major".

Other compositions by Gigout sometimes played nowadays are "Grand Choeur Dialogué" and "Marche Religieuse". Gigout's works are now available on many commercial recordings.

Schola Cantorum

La Schola Cantorum is a private music school in Paris. It was started in 1894 by Charles Bordes, Alexandre Guilmant and Vincent d'Indy. It was to make up for the Paris Conservatoire's emphasis on opera. Its past students are many significant figures in 20 century music.

Voice (grammar)

Voice in grammar expresses the way the action (or state) that the verb expresses relates to the subject or object. 

In English grammar, there are two voices: "active" and "passive". When a clause is in the active voice, the subject is the doer of the action. When a clause is in the passive voice, the subject is the receiver of the action. The active voice is much more commonly used than the passive voice.


This example shows how the word order changes the emphasis of the sentence. The first clearly answers the question "Who chose the furniture?" The second is more of an incidental comment.

The active voice is usually easier to say, and easier to understand than the passive voice. When a person learns a language, it is learnt first, and uses fewer words than the passive voice. Therefore, given an equal choice, the active voice is usually chosen.

Transitivity (mathematics)

In logic and mathematics, transitivity is a property of a binary relation. It is a prerequisite of an equivalence relation and of a partial order.

In general, given a set with a relation, the relation is transitive if whenever a is related to b and b is related to c, then a is related to c. For example:


Given a relation formula_1, the smallest transitive relation containing formula_1 is called the transitive closure of formula_1, and is written as formula_4.


Beer Sheba

Beer Sheba is a city on the northern edge of the Negev region in Israel. It is the home of Ben-Gurion University of the Negev.


Desert scorpion

The desert scorpion ("Hadrurus arizonensis") is the largest scorpion in North America. It reaches a length of .

Scorpions are arachnids, with eight legs. Their body has two body parts, called abdomen and cepholothorax.

The desert scorpion’s habitat is the desert. It is a warm place where the hottest days can reach . Desert scorpions range is south west. In extreme weather conditions, the extra layer of fat under scorpion’s exoskeleton helps it to survive. It lives in sandy places in the desert like sand dunes.

It is a burrowing scorpion, but often found under rocks. Its diet consists of large insects, spiders, and small vertebrates. This is an aggressive and active scorpion. Like all scorpions, it is nocturnal. Also like all scorpions, the giant desert hairy scorpion gives birth to live young, which stay on the mother's back for a week or more before leaving.


Black widow

Black widows are spiders. Their scientific name is "Latrodectus mactans". They share the genus name "Latrodectus" with several similar spiders (sometimes called "widow spiders"). 

The female spider is shiny black and has a round abdomen with a red hourglass pattern on its underside. They are closely related to another group called "Steatoda" (sometimes called "false widow spiders). That group contains species that are not dangerous to humans. All of the true widow spiders can give bites that are harmful to human beings and may kill children or people who are not in good health.

Female widow spiders are rather large. They have a body length of approximately 0.5 inch. The males of the widow spiders are much smaller than the females.

Both the widow spiders and the "Steatoda" spiders belong to a larger group that includes many kinds of spiders that make similar kinds of webs and have the same general body shape.

Black widow spiders live in warm places all over the world. They like to build their webs in safe places under something like an overturned box sitting on the ground. Often they are found under the seats of outdoor toilets. They like to be left alone, so they rarely come inside places where people live.

Like other spiders, black widows bite for two reasons: to kill things to eat and to protect themselves. They catch flying insects in their webs and bite them so that they will stop fighting to get free. When people put their hands into this spider's web they might get bitten by mistake, but usually people get bitten when they squeeze a spider and the spider defends itself. Unfortunately, humans are very sensitive to the venom that the spider gives in its bite. The good thing is that widow spiders almost always run away if they can. If something big hits their web then they drop straight down to the ground and run away.

Black widows eat mostly flies and moths. The female black widow is infamous for eating males of its kind, hence the "widow" in black.


Pill bug

Armadillidiidae is a family of woodlice, a terrestrial crustacean group in the order Isopoda. They are commonly known as pill bugs or potato bugs or rollie pollies. Pill bugs are not insects, but are crustaceans. Crustaceans are animals with hard shells made from many pieces for protection.

Pill bugs look like gray pills. The pill bug's abdomen has seven segments. Pill bugs have flat bodies. The pill bug has three basic body parts called the head, thorax, and abdomen, moce and they can be many sizes.

The head has three eyes (simple and compound) and a mouth. Pill bugs have two sets of antennae. One of the sets is visible to see. The thorax holds the legs. The abdomen holds the exopods of uropods and is attached to some crustaceans' abdomens. Pillbugs eat rotten plants, rotten animals, old garbage, and even bits of food in animal dung. Pill bugs do not breathe through lungs; they have gills. Because of this, they need to be in a damp place or they will die. They also prefer dark rocks or any other dark place to stay that is dark. They are more active at night and early morning because of the darkness. Pill bugs are not beneficial to potted plants. If you notice your potted plants have one or two of them crawling around on the plant, there are probably many more that you don't see feeding off of the roots.

Pill bugs have the typical lifespan of an Isopod, living two years average and five years maximum.
The Pill bugs come from a family called Armadillidiidae. 

For some people, looking for Pill Bugs in their garden is helpful to their garden and also enjoyable, especially for small children. To some people, keeping Pill Bugs as pets is also an enjoyable thing. To keep a Pill Bug as a pet, it's area which it is kept in must be moist and/or damp, with plants that are fresh and plants that have begun to rot. Pill Bugs are still garden animals so please remember you cannot keep them or their full life and should never, under any circumstances, be released back into the wild once rescued.

Druze

Druze (; ; "Durūz," plural "Druzes") is an Arab religious sect and community. It is estimated that there are more than 1 million Druzes in the world today, and most of them live in the Middle Eastern countries, especially in Lebanon and Syria. There are some smaller Druze communities around the world. 'Druze' is the name given to the community by outsiders, and the term is not used by Druzes themselves. Instead, they call themselves "muwaḥḥidūn" (“unitarians”). Druze’s origin is Shi'i Islam of Fatimad dynasty, but Druzes hold distinctive beliefs and practices and put much emphasis on philosophy and spirituality. 

It is believed that the origin of Druze comes from Fatimid dynasty in Egypt in the 11th century. Because Fatimas were derived of Shi’a Islam called Isma’ilis, the root of Druze is also the branch of Shi’a. The sixth caliph of Fatimid dynasty, al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah, played an important role to elaborate the Druze doctrine. In Druze manuscript, he is regarded as the founder of Druze.

In 1016, a Persian man called Hamza Ibn 'Ali came to Cairo to help al-Hakim. At that time, al-Hakim attempted to spread the belief of Druze. In 1017, al-Hakim designated Hamza as an imam, and Hamza especially contributed to elaborate the Druze doctrine and to spread the belief by sending missionaries.

There was conflict over the Druze doctrine between Hamza and Muḥammad al-Darāzī. Darāzī was also a Druze missionary who arrived in Cairo in 1016. He offered his service to al-Hakim and was recruited as a missionary. In order to get more support from al-Hakim than Hamza, Darāzī began to alter the teaching by Hamza and declared that the presence of al-Hakim is divine. However, al-Hakim did not appreciate it and people began to criticise Darāzī’s corrupted teachings. In 1019, Darāzī is said to be executed or killed.

In 1021, al-Hakim disappeared suddenly during his trip to the east Cairo for reasons unknown. After his disappearance, his successor of Fatimad caliph al-Zāḥir oppressed the Druze movement to spread its doctrine. Druze gradually fell into decline in Egypt, but in Syria and Lebanon the belivers remained because of the effort by the missionaries.

In 1043, the Druze doctrine prohibited its believers from believing other religion and outsiders from becoming a new member of Druze. Since then, Druze has been the closed community and has kept the policy until now. 

The term "Druze" was given to the community by outsiders. They apparently mixed up Muḥammad al-Darāzī, one of the early missionaries of Druze, as the founder of the religion. However, because of his misbehavior, Druzes and its manuscripts regard Darāzī as the first betrayer. Therefore, the term never used in the Druze manuscripts and the members reject using it. Instead, the Druzes call themselves "Muwwahhidun," meaning 'Unitarians'.

Within the Druze community, the strict religious authority exists. The religious elite has a huge impact on the rest of the people, and that makes the community members closely united. There are two main classes in Druze community: the initiated or wise ("'uqqal") and the uninitiated or ignorant ("juhhal"). The duty of the initiated is telling its mystical, complex teaching and oral traditions to the uninitiated. The initiated study the Druze’s belief by discussing and reading its holy scripture in a prayer house ("khalwa" or "majlis"). In order to become the initiated, it is required to show deep respect and dedication to the God and to go through the long process of application. Women also have the chance to become the initiated. According to Druze doctrine, women are more spiritually matured than men, so women are required to take less-severe training to become the initiated. The initiated people are easily recognised because of their dark clothes with white and rounded turbans.

According to the Druze manuscripts, after the someone’s dead, the soul is soon incarnated, meaning the soul gets a new human body and reborns as a different person. A soul is incarnated without changing its religion, skin colour or race, so a Druze reborns as a Druze over time. This idea comes from one of the Druze doctrines that the number of Druze souls is constant.

For Druzes, it is quite rare and strongly discouraged to get married with a non-Druze person in order to maintain the religious teaching secret from outsiders. In addition, because only a child whose parents are both Druze is accepted as a Druze, the marriage within Druze community is important to prevent the number of Druzes from decreasing. But nowadays for many young Druzes living in a small community outside the Middle East have difficulty finding their Druze partner.

The Druze worship places are called "majlis" or "khalwa". Druzes worship there normally on Thursday evenings. Both the initiated and the uninitiated join the gathering. There, some religious ceremonies such as spiritual readings and prayer are conducted under the direction of the initiated. After the open session is over, the uninitiated leave the hall and only some initiated are permitted to remain there and join a limited session. There, they discuss and meditate mystical reading and transcription.

The Druze flag and its symbol star have the same five colours and each colour has two meanings: spiritual principles and key figures. In the Druze manuscript, there are five people who are respected by their contribution to Druze, and five cosmic spiritual elements that are main principles of existence for Druzes.

The majority of Druzes are living in the Middle East, especially in Lebanon and Syria. Because of the economic and political instability, some Druzes emigrated outside the Middle East and small communities are found in the United States, Canada, Europe, South America and Australia. However, because of its strong feeling of unity, they are closely related to their hometown and companions.

In Beirut, the capital of Lebanon, the legal and administrative center of Druze is located. Over 300,000 Druze are living in Lebanon, which is around 7% of the total population of the country. The western edges of the Lebanon Mountains is the most populated area of Druzes. Since the independence of Lebanon, Druze has kept much power for the country’s politics.

There are around 600,000 Druze in Syria and the country has the largest population of Druze in the world. Around 6% of the Syrian population is Druze. Suwayda, the city located in the area of Jabal al-Durūz, holds the huge number of Druzes. In 1925, Druze leader Sulṭān al-Aṭrash rose a rebellion against French rule and it was considered to be the first nationalist movement in Syria.

The population of Druze in Israel is less than 1% of the total population, but the Druze's contribution to the Israeli government is not small. Although Druze is an Arab community, theyl are patriotic citizens and many have been fighting for Israel against Palestine.

Ready to Fall

"Ready to Fall" is the first single by melodic hardcore band Rise Against from their fourth studio album, "The Sufferer & The Witness" (2006).

An acoustic version of this song was done live on the CJZN Radio station in Victoria, British Columbia, on January 18, 2007, before a Billy Talent concert featuring Rise Against, Anti-Flag, and Moneen.

On March 12, 2009, the song became a downloadable song in the video game, "Guitar Hero World Tour". It is also shown in Tap Tap Revenge 3 on the iPhone and iPod Touch as a downloadable double song pack with Audience of One. The song was also shown in 2009 action movie 12 Rounds.

The video was made in 2006. It is about pollution and its effects on the environment. The video is 3 minutes and 52 seconds long. It cuts between shots of the band playing and shots of animals being saved or dying, if not already dead. This is from many environmental dangers made by humans. At the end of the video, lead singer Tim McIlrath says, "Every action has a reaction. We've got one planet, one chance."

There was also a version played on television. There are also ones that are more graphic. This was never really released. But it is available on some websites. The video serves a testimony to veganism. Rise Against is an active supporter of PETA, an animal rights organization, and the band members are all active vegetarians.

The song got to number 13 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart. It is the lowest charting single from "The Sufferer & the Witness". Although, it was the band's second highest charting single.

Soccer City

Soccer City is a sports stadium in Johannesburg, South Africa. It was first built in 1987. At that time, it was named the FNB Stadium.

In 2009, the stadium was improved. More seats were added. New locker (dressing) rooms and new floodlights were built.

The stadium co-hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup. It is one of the 10 stadiums where World Cup matches were played.

2010 World Cup Matches

All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+2).
On June 29, the South African government announced that a memorial service for Nelson Mandela would be held 10 to 14 days after his death at Soccer City. Mandela died on December 5, 2013 and a memorial service was held at Soccer City.

FNB Stadium is mostly used for concerts and local 5-a-side tournaments. When South Africa's most popular soccer team, the [Kaizer Chiefs] play in the stadium, they attract approximately 15,000 fans, during rival soccer matches and derbies they attract approximately more than 75 000 fans when they play there among the rotating venues that they use.


Acacia

Acacia is a genus of shrub or tree are belonging to the subfamily Mimosoideae of the family Fabaceae, first described in Africa by the Swedish botanist Carl Linnaeus in 1773. Many non-Australian species tend to be thorny, whereas the majority of Australian Acacias are not. 

Acacias are heavily defended against herbivores. Different species have different combinations of defenses:

Products from the acacia plants have often been used for medicinal purposes.

Various species of acacia yield gum. True gum arabic is the product of "Acacia senegal", abundant in dry tropical West Africa from Senegal to northern Nigeria.

"Acacia arabica" is the gum-Arabic tree of India, but yields a gum inferior to the true gum-Arabic.

This species of acacia grows two kinds of thorns. The main defense is provided by pairs 5cm long arranged nearly at a right angle. Smaller stipular spines grow between the pairs of big thorns. These emerge from hollow galls, bulbous swellings 2 to 3cm across. One of four different species of ant lives in each of these igloos, which they open up by cutting holes into them. A dying bush whistles as the wind blows over these entrances. Most acacias make toxins that rush to leaves that are under attack by browsers. The whistling thorn does not. It is infested with stinging ants that swarm out and prepare to bite anything they can when the branch is disturbed. Most browsers seem to avoid infested bushes, perhaps because the ants stink of formic acid.

Horizontal and vertical writing in East Asian scripts

Many East Asian scripts can be written both horizontally and vertically.

Documents around the world have many different ways of writing. But there are mainly two ways of writing: writing horizontally (횡서, 橫書) or vertically (종서縱書). There are two kinds of horizontal writing. One kind can be read from left to right (좌횡서, 左橫書); the other is read from right to left (우횡서, 右橫書). There are two kinds of vertical writing as well: from left to right (좌정서, 左縱書) or from right to left (우정서, 右縱書), both of these are written from top to bottom. Traditionally, the countries in the East Asian cultural sphere (such as Korea, China, Japan or Vietnam) write vertically from right to left. When it was necessary to write horizontally, they wrote horizontally from right to left. When the Western culture began influencing them, they began writing horizontally from left to right, which is now used widely.

Most Western languages are written horizontally from left to right, but Arabic and Hebrew are written horizontally from right to left. Mongol letters are written horizontally from left to right.

Long ago, people used hieroglyphs. Hieroglyphs were very flexible characters. They were often written from left to right in the first line, and then right to left in the second line, and so on. This is called boustrophedon. A person can tell which direction to read by which direction the hieroglyphs of animals and people were facing. If the hieroglyphs were facing left, then the line must be read from left to right. If they were facing right, they must be read from right to left.



Mimosoideae

Mimosoideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Fabaceae. Members of this family usually have flowers with small petals and many stamens. 

Some classification systems, for example the Cronquist system, treat Fabaceae in a narrow sense, raising Mimosoideae to the rank of family as Mimosaceae. The Angiosperm Phylogeny Group treats Fabaceae in the broad sense.

Affix

An affix is a piece added to a word, or root, which signals or changes its role in a sentence. It is part of grammar. Affixes may occur in various positions in a word:


Enigma

Enigma may refer to:


New Caledonia national football team

New Caledonia national football team is the national football team of New Caledonia.

Midshipman

A midshipman is an officer cadet, or a commissioned officer. They are the lowest rank of officer in the Royal Navy, United States Navy, and many Commonwealth navies. Commonwealth countries which use this rank are Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Pakistan, India, Singapore, Sri Lanka and Kenya. Before 1968, it was used by the Royal Canadian Navy. But it was replaced with that of naval cadet upon the making of the Canadian Forces.

Impressionist music

The impressionist movement in music was a movement in Europen classical music. It was mostly in France. It began in the late 19th century and ended in the middle of the 20th century. There were two very famous composers of this movement, Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel. Debussy actually did not like the term 'Impressionist' in his works. English impressionist musicians include Cyril Scott (1879–1970) and John Ireland (1879–1962). Other well-known composers labeled impressionist include Paul Dukas, Gabriel Fauré, Manuel de Falla, Isaac Albéniz, Giacomo Puccini, Leoš Janáček, Alexander Scriabin and Kurt Atterberg

The first pieces of impressionist music were probably composed by Franz Liszt, the first such piece for orchestra is probably Prélude à l'après-midi d'un faune, composed by Claude Debussy, between 1892 and 1894.

The impressionism of Debussy is achieved through a number of means the overall aim of which were to weaken the teleological (Purpose driven) harmonic structure of classical (functional) western harmony. In functional harmony a path is set that leads inexorably to a final cadence at which the tonic is clearly affirmed, dissonance whether through the use of suspensions or 7th chords etc. is correctly prepared and then resolved creating a flow of tension and release. By contrast, many of Debussy's dissonances simply flow onto another dissonance in chains of seventh chords etc. Another way that Debussy holds tonality in suspense is through the use of the pentatonic and whole-tone scales in both melody and harmony. The story of modernist music has been a response to the extreme chromaticism of radical romantic composers such as Wagner and Liszt. The ones who felt compelled to complete the task took music to the chromatic extreme of atonality, others found ways to continue to write music using recognisable harmonic sequences and tonal (therefore recallable) melody by emancipating the dissonance and freeing it from its functional straightjacket. Debussy played a massive part in developing the vocabulary for this kind of composition. All non-atonal composers of the modernist era owe a debt to Debussy, including Stravinsky, Bartok, Messiaen and possibly even Steve Reich.


Neoclassicism music

Neoclassicism in music was popular in the twentieth-century. Mostly between the two World Wars. This kind of music is when composers try to come back to beautiful ways with the broadly defined way of "classicism", namely order, balance, clarity, economy, and emotions. Neoclassicism had two distinct national lines of development. They were French and German. Neoclassicsim was a beautiful trend rather than a movement. Many composers normally do not think of themselves as "neoclassicists." But some really do have some elements of the style.

Vincent d'Indy

Paul Marie Theodore Vincent d'Indy (27 March 1851–2 December 1931) was a French composer and music teacher. Born in Paris, he was encouraged to learn music by his uncle who had studied with César Franck. D'Indy later also studied with Franck at the Paris Conservatoire. He liked the music of Lizst, Beethoven and Wagner. He went to the first performance of Wagner's "Ring" at Bayreuth in 1876. He organized performances of works by Rameau and Monteverdi whose work had been mostly forgotten. He was a very conservative in his views on music, and after his proposed changes to the Conservatoire were ignored, he set up his own music school, the Schola Cantorum in 1894.

He wrote a large number of musical compositions including operas, overtures, symphonies, choral works, piano works, string sextets, string quartets, folk song arrangements, and a cello sonata. One of his well known works is the "Symphonie sur un Chant Montagnard Français" (1886) ("Symphony on a French Mountain Song"). 

He also wrote books including a biography of César Franck, and a book on how to write music.

Edgard Varèse

Edgard Victor Achille Charles Varèse, whose name was also spelled Edgar Varèse (December 22, 1883 – November 6, 1965), was a French composer who spent the greater part of his career in the United States.

Varèse's music has an emphasis on timbre and rhythm. He made up the term "organized sound." This phrase means that some timbres and rhythms can be grouped together. Although his finished works only last about three hours, he has been thought as an influence by many big composers of the late 20th century. His use of new instruments and electronic resources led to his being known as the "Father of Electronic Music" while Henry Miller described him as "The stratospheric Colossus of Sound".

Conservapedia

Conservapedia is a wiki-based online encyclopedia designed for Americans who are conservative Christians. It was created by Andrew Schlafly. Conservapedia is a reaction to what its creators see as a "liberal point of view" in Wikipedia. Conservapedia has articles on many things, but most of the site is about politics and religion. It also has lectures and other materials for students, and classes taught by Mr. Schlafly for free. All articles are written from a conservative point of view dominant in the Right-wing of the Republican Party in the United States of America. Conservapedia has some different ideas on community. They have Administrators who have the most power. Users cannot edit at nighttime in the U.S. (because of vandalism), upload images, or do other things they could do at most wikis. Users are granted these rights and can also earn the right to block other users. As of August 2018, Conservapedia owned 47,610 articles.

Conservapedia was founded by lawyer Andrew Schlafly because of what he felt was a liberal bias in Wikipedia. He did this with his homeschooled World History class after one of his students used the Common Era dating method instead of the Anno Domini method, which he liked better.

Unlike Wikipedia, anonymous people are not allowed to contribute to Conservapedia. They have to create accounts that should be using part of their real names (such as the preferred real first name and last initial setup). Edits should follow the site's conservative, Christian point of view. Administrators control every aspect of the site and have the final say in editorial authority. Vandals often edit Conservapedia to mess up the pages because they do not agree with the site's point of view. Some editors are banned for making minor mistakes.

In part of Conservapedia, editors edit the Bible to remove what they call "liberal bias" from modern versions. They claim that the New International Version of the Bible is written at the seventh-grade level and that it has politically correct language. Critics say that it is not good to rewrite the Bible and say it was bad for them to remove Jesus' prayer in Luke 23:34 and the adulteress story.

Schlafly got into an argument with Michigan State University researcher Richard Lenski over his twenty-year experiment with e.coli samples he used to show evolution happening. Schlafly mailed Lenski asking for the results. Lenski replied by showing Schlafly his paper on the subject. Schlafly (who did not read the paper) asked for the evidence and Lenski refused to hand him the samples since Schlafly is not enough of an expert. Conservapedians got in a campaign criticizing Lenski.

Critics use this as a way to show how ignorant they think Conservapedia is.

Conservapedia has had some bad reactions from people who think that it is full of statements that are untrue. It has also been criticized for supporting some ideas such as creationism.

A site called RationalWiki was created mainly to criticize Conservapedia. Some editors of that site decided that they wanted to vandalize or destroy Conservapedia. Rational-Wiki now mocks and criticizes other things too.

Two other sites, A Storehouse of Knowledge and Ameriwiki, were created as alternatives to Conservapedia.

The Bible Retranslation project has come under criticism by people who feel it is wrong to change God's word.

However, there are still some who praise Conservapedia.


Text grammar

A text grammar is the study of texts above the level of the sentence. It shows how texts are put together so as to convey ideas, facts, messages, and fiction. 

A similar term is discourse analysis. Both are mostly concerned with natural language use; discourse analysis would include spoken language. Speech is also the parent of rhetoric, the ancient study of persuasive speaking. In a similar way, literary criticism parallels text grammar, because both concentrate on the printed word. A text grammar approach puts emphasis on the linguistic structure of a text, rather than its cultural or symbolic meaning.

A text is a coherent body of sentences. Coherent means they are linked by a consistent "theme". The text ends when "completion" is signalled. For example, when a problem introduced at the start is solved, or when a promised discussion has reached a conclusion. 

Each text focuses on certain things. If texts are grouped by what they are doing, then there are five basic text types:
Many texts, of course, can and do have a mixture of two or more of these types. 

Discourse analysis

Discourse analysis is a subject which studies a text or a conversation. This is a subject in linguistics which does not study sentences, like in syntax, but the entire text or conversation. The text or conversation is known as discourse. Discourse analyst prefer to use real life discourse in their studies, rather than invented sentences like in traditional linguistics. This way of studying real life discourse is called corpus linguistics. 

Discourse analysis is related to text linguistics. However, text linguistics studies how discourse is structured so that they are connected (how sentences are joined to each other). Discourse analysis studies this, and also how the discourse is connected to the context. This context includes who the people talking or writing are, the social and cultural context. Also, it studies the way mode, which is the way the language is represented (is it a letter, speech, email, Internat chat?), influences discourse. Discourse analysis is also interested in the genre (topic) of the discourse. 

Discourse analysis is studied not only in linguistics, but also in sociology, anthropology, psychology, communication studies and translation studies.


Super Paper Mario

Super Paper Mario (also known as Paper Mario 3) is a Wii role playing game released in 2007. It is the third game for the "Paper Mario" series to be released on platform. The game was going to be released for the GameCube, like ), but was instead released for the Wii.

The player controls Mario and his companions and has to explore different lands of a town called Flipside, fights enemies to gain levels and solves puzzles. As the story progresses, Princess Peach, Luigi, and Bowser become playable. "Super Paper Mario" is a 2D and 3D game since one of Mario's abilities is to change the perspective of the environment.

Mario and his friends set out to collect eight Pure Hearts in each chapters, in order to destroy the Chaos Heart and prevent the black hole from destroying the world.

In each "Paper Mario" game, there have always been members that follow Mario and help him in battles. Pixl is a name that comes from the word pixel, but is also a reference to pixie, which is a name for a fairy. Each pixl has a different power and look, but despite having many members, the player can only use one. In "Super Paper Mario", Tippi, also called Tiptron, is the player's butterfly partner. She has the ability to give tips to Mario and makes invisible objects appear. The player can recruit one of the Pixls in each chapters as the game progresses.

Most of the reviews for "Super Paper Mario" were positive such as IGN that gives a score of 8.9 out of 10. Most critics praised the plot because it has a great sense of humor, but said that the graphics were fine, but not extraordinary. The game has sold more than 2.28 million copies worldwide.

Power-up

A power-up is an item in a video game that gives the player's character the ability to do something. Power-ups can be found in many video games.

Kamloops

Kamloops, British Columbia is a city in British Columbia, Canada. It is ranked 37th on the list of 100 largest metropolitan areas in Canada. 

At the 2006 census, 86,376 lived in Kamloops.

Tsutomu Sonobe

Sonobe was born in Ibaraki Prefecture on March 29, 1958. After graduating from Mito Commercial High School, he joined Japan Soccer League club Fujita Industries in 1976. The club won the league champions in 1977, 1979 and 1981. The club also won 1977 and 1979 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1989. He played 173 games and scored 2 goals in the league. He was selected Best Eleven in 1978 and 1979.

On May 23, 1978, Sonobe debuted for the Japan national team against Thailand. He played 7 games for Japan until 1981.

!Total||7||0

Satoshi Yamaguchi (footballer, born 1959)

Yamaguchi was born in Oita Prefecture on August 1, 1959. After graduating from Oita Technical High School, he joined Japan Soccer League club Mitsubishi Motors in 1978. However he did not play in the game, as he was the team's reserve goalkeeper behind Japan national team player Mitsuhisa Taguchi. He retired in 1984. Eventually he could not play in the game.

In August 1979, Yamaguchi was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 1979 World Youth Championship. However he did not play in the match, as he was the team's reserve goalkeeper behind Yasuhito Suzuki. In February 1981, although Yamaguchi did not play at his club, he was selected the Japan national team because Japan's manager Saburo Kawabuchi actively appointed young players. On February 19, Yamaguchi debuted for Japan national team against Singapore.

0||0
0||0

!Total||1||0

Naoji Ito

Ito was born in Mie Prefecture on July 1, 1959. After graduating from Yokkaichi Chuo Technical High School, he joined Japan Soccer League Division 2 club Honda in 1978. In 1980, the club won the champions and was promoted to Division 1. In 1985/86, the club won the 3rd place and he left the club end of season. He joined PJM Futures in 1988. He retired in 1993.

On June 19, 1981, Ito debuted for the Japan national team against Malaysia.

68+||9+
68+||9+

!Total||1||0

Masaaki Kato

Kato was born in Nagoya on December 22, 1958. After graduating from Hosei University, he joined Japan Soccer League Division 2 club Toshiba in 1981. The club won 1981 JSL Cup. However he left the club for injury in 1983. In 1985, he joined Division 1 club All Nippon Airways. However the club was relegated to Division 2 end of 1985/86 season. He retired end of 1987/88 season.

On August 30, 1981, Kato debuted for the Japan national team against Malaysia. On September 3, he scored a goal against India. He played 3 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1981.

17+||4+
17+||4+

!Total||3||1

Toshihiko Okimune

Okimune was born in Hiroshima Prefecture on September 7, 1959. After graduating from Hiroshima Technical High School, he joined Japan Soccer League Division 1 club Fujitsu in 1978. However in first season, the club was relegated to Division 2. He retired end of 1988/89 season.

In August 1979, Okimune was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 1979 World Youth Championship. He played 3 games. On August 30, 1981, he debuted for the Japan national team against Malaysia. He played 2 games for Japan in 1981.

!Total||2||0

Mitsugu Nomura

Nomura was born in Muroran on November 21, 1956. After graduating from Sapporo University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Fujita Industries in 1979. In 1979, the club won Japan Soccer League and Emperor's Cup. In 1981, the club also won Japan Soccer League and he was selected Best Eleven. He retired in 1989. He played 150 games and scored 4 goals in the league.

On June 2, 1981, Nomura debuted for the Japan national team against China. After debut, he played all matches until July 1982. He played 12 games for Japan until 1982.

In 2007, Nomura signed with Nadeshiko League Division 2 club TEPCO Mareeze. He led the club to won the champions and promoted to Division 1. He resigned end of 2008 season.

150||4
150||4

!Total||12||0

Toru Yoshikawa

Yoshikawa was born in Mie Prefecture on December 13, 1961. After graduating from Yokkaichi Chuo Technical High School, he joined Hitachi in 1980. In 1992, he moved to Kyoto Shiko Club (later "Kyoto Purple Sanga"). In 1995, he moved to Kyoiku Kenkyusya (later "FC Kyoken"). He retired in 2000.

On February 12, 1983, Yoshikawa debuted for the Japan national team against Syria.

!Total||1||0

Hiroshi Yoshida

Yoshida was born in Shizuoka Prefecture on February 11, 1958. After graduating from Hosei University, he joined Japan Soccer League club Furukawa Electric in 1980. In 1981, he scored 14 goal and became a top scorer. In 1985/86 season, he became a top scorer again and he was selected "Japanese Footballer of the Year awards". The club also won the league champions. In Asia, the club won 1986 Asian Club Championship. This is the first Asian champions as Japanese club. He retired in 1990.

On February 8, 1981, Yoshida debuted for the Japan national team against Malaysia. He also played at 1982 Asian Games. He played 9 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1983.

After retirement, Yoshida started coaching career at Shimizu S-Pulse. From 2000s, he mainly coached women's team. Through Japan women's national team assistant coach, he became a manager for Japan U-17 women's national team in 2007. He managed at U-17 World Cup 3 times (2008, 2010 and 2012). At 2010 U-17 World Cup, Japan won the 2nd place. He also became a manager Japan U-20 women's national team in 2011. He managed at 2012 U-20 World Cup and Japan won the 3rd place. In 2014, he signed with AS Elfen Saitama and managed in 2015 season.

180||60
180||60

!Total||9||1

Atsushi Uchiyama

Uchiyama was born in Shizuoka on June 29, 1959. After graduating from Kokushikan University, he joined Japan Soccer League Division 2 club Yamaha Motors in 1982. In 1982, the club won the champions and was promoted to Division 1. The club also won 1982 Emperor's Cup. The club won the league champions in 1987/88. He retired in 1992. He played 195 games and scored 18 goals in the league.

On September 30, 1984, Uchiyama debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. In 1995, he also played at 1986 World Cup qualification. He played 2 games for Japan until 1986.

After retirement, Uchiyama started coaching career at Yamaha Motors (later "Júbilo Iwata") in 1992. He mainly served as an assistant coach for top team and a manager for youth team. In September 2007, he became a manager for top team as Adílson Batista successor. However he was sacked in August 2008. In 2015, he became a manager for the Japan U-20 national team. At 2016 AFC U-19 Championship, U-20 Japan won the champions first time and won to qualify for 2017 U-20 World Cup for the first time in 10 years. He resigned after 2017 U-20 World Cup.

195||18
195||18

!Total||2||0

Yutaka Ikeuchi

Ikeuchi was born in Aichi Prefecture on August 25, 1961. After graduating from Aichi High School, he joined his local club, the Toyoda Automatic Loom Works in 1980. In 1981, he moved to the Japan Soccer League club Fujita Industries. In 1981, the club won the championship of the Japan Soccer League. In 1990, the club was relegated to Division 2. In 1992, the club won the championship in Division 2 and joined the new league, Japan Football League. In 1993, the club won the championship and was promoted to the J1 League, which started in 1994. However, he retired in 1993, and never played in the J1 League.

On February 12, 1983, Ikeuchi debuted for the Japan national team against Syria. He played at 1984 Summer Olympics qualification and 1986 World Cup qualification. He played 8 games for Japan until 1985.

In 2007, Ikeuchi became a manager for the Japan U-17 national team. He managed at 2009 U-17 World Cup.

169+||5+
169+||5+

!Total||8||0

Masaru Uchiyama

Uchiyama was born in Shizuoka Prefecture on April 14, 1957. After graduating from University of Tsukuba, he joined Japan Soccer League club Yamaha Motors in 1980. The club won 1982 Emperor's Cup and 1987/88 Japan Soccer League. He retired in 1989. He played 122 games and scored 6 goals in the league.

On May 26, 1985, Uchiyama debuted for the Japan national team against Uruguay.

122||6
122||6

!Total||1||0

Takeshi Koshida

Koshida was born in Kanazawa on October 19, 1960. After graduating from University of Tsukuba, he joined Japan Soccer League club Nissan Motors in 1983. The club won 1983 and 1985 Emperor's Cup. In 1988/89 season, although the club won 1988 JSL Cup and 1988 Emperor's Cup, he left the club later in the season. In 1990, he returned his local Kanazawa and joined Japanese Regional Leagues club Kanazawa SC. He retired in 1996.

In August 1979, when Koshida was a University of Tsukuba student, he was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 1979 World Youth Championship and played 3 matches. In December 1980, he was selected the Japan national team for 1982 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on December 22, he debuted against Singapore. He played at 1982 Asian Games, 1984 Summer Olympics qualification and 1986 World Cup qualification. He played 19 games for Japan until 1985.

97||6
97||6

!Total||19||0

Artichoke

The artichoke or globe artichoke ("Cynara scolymus") is a perennial plant of the Asteraceae family. They first came from Southern Europe around the Mediterranean and have been cultivated for food for over 2,000 years. 
The thick scales and bottom parts of the young flower heads can be eaten. They are a culinary delicacy. The bottom part of the young flower head is called a heart.

The artichoke plant has a tall, spiky stalk with large, spiky leaves and a large flower head. The edible portion of the artichoke is the flower bud, which is picked before it has a chance to fully bloom. They are often served boiled or grilled, and the leaves can be pulled off and the soft, fleshy part at the base of the leaf can be eaten. The heart of the artichoke, which is the center of the flower bud, is considered the most desirable part and is often stuffed or served with a dip.

Artichokes are a good source of fiber, vitamins C and K, and minerals such as magnesium and potassium. They also contain antioxidants and have been shown to have potential health benefits such as improving digestion and liver function and reducing cholesterol levels.

Artichokes can be enjoyed in a variety of dishes, both savory and sweet. They are a popular ingredient in appetizers, salads, pasta dishes, and dips. They can also be pickled, preserved in oil, or used to make artichoke hearts, a common ingredient in antipasto platters. In addition to being eaten as a vegetable, artichokes are also used to flavor liqueurs such as Cynar and Fernet-Branca.

Artichokes are grown in Mediterranean countries, as well as in the United States. They are usually grown in warm, dry climates and are harvested in the spring and early summer.

It grows to to tall, with arching, deeply lobed, silvery glaucous-green leaves 50–82 cm long. The flowers develop in a large head from an edible bud about 8–15 cm diameter with numerous triangular scales; the individual florets are purple. It is a source of vitamins.

Jerusalem artichokes are a different plant.

Yoshinori Ishigami

Ishigami was born in Shizuoka Prefecture on November 4, 1957. After graduating from Shizuoka Technical High School, he joined Prefectural Leagues club Yamaha Motors in 1976. The club was promoted to Regional Leagues in 1977 and Japan Soccer League in 1979. The club won the Japan Soccer League champions in 1987/88. The club also won 1982 Emperor's Cup. He retired in 1990. He was selected Best Eleven 2 times.

On September 30, 1984, Ishigami debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. He played at 1986 World Cup qualification and 1986 Asian Games. He played 12 games for Japan until 1986.

176+||10+
176+||10+

!Total||12||0

Osamu Taninaka

Taninaka was born in Fuchu on September 24, 1964. After graduating from Teikyo High School, he joined Japan Soccer League club Fujita Industries in 1983. He played 138 matches and scored 19 goals for the club until 1991. He moved to Regional Leagues club PJM Futures (later "Tosu Futures") in 1991. The club was promoted to Japan Football League from 1993. He retired in 1995.

On September 30, 1984, when Taninaka was 20 years old, he debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. He played 3 games for Japan until 1986.

183+||35+
183+||35+

!Total||3||0

Hisashi Kaneko

Kaneko was born in Saitama on September 12, 1959. After graduating from Teikyo High School, he joined Japan Soccer League club Furukawa Electric in 1978. Initially, he could not play in many games. The club won 1982 JSL Cup. From 1985, he played as regular player and the club won 1985/86 Japan Soccer League and 1986 JSL Cup. He was also selected Best Eleven in 1985/86 and 1986/87. In Asia, the club won 1986 Asian Club Championship. This is first Asian champions as Japanese club. He played 163 matches and scored 23 goals for the club. He retired in 1992.

In August 1979, Kaneko was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 1979 World Youth Championship. On July 25, 1986, he debuted for the Japan national team against Syria. He also played at 1986 Asian Games. In 1987, he was selected Japan for 1988 Summer Olympics qualification. He played 7 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1987.

163||23
163||23

!Total||7||1

Takaya Kawanabe

Takaya Kawanabe (born 22 December 1988) is a retired Japanese football player.

Kawanabe signed for Omiya Ardija in 2007. In 2011, he moved to Tanjong Pagar United FC and scored 9 goals in 36 appearances for the club. In February 2013 Kawanabe joined the Latvian Higher League club FC Jūrmala.

Later he played with FK Mladost Podgorica in the Montenegrin First League and next with FK Rudar Prijedor in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina. His last professional appearance was in 2014.

0||0||0||0||2||0||2||0
0||0||0||0||2||0||2||0

Kunihiro Shibasaki

Kunihiro Shibasaki (born 1 April 1985) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Tochigi.

16||0||1||0||0||0||17||0
16||0||1||0||0||0||17||0


Takuya Sonoda

Takuya Sonoda (born 23 November 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Montedio Yamagata.

28||1||2||0||3||0||33||1
28||1||2||0||3||0||33||1


Kim Dong-soo

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Koji Asato

Koji Asato (born 14 October 1987) is a former Japanese football player.

1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0

Park Jong-jin (footballer, born 1987)

Park Jong-Jin (born 24 June 1987) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

19||0||1||0||6||0||26||0
23||0||2||0||3||1||28||1
42||0||3||0||9||1||54||1

Márcio Araújo (footballer, born 1984)

Márcio Rodrigues Araújo (born 11 June 1984) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Palmeiras.




Takahiro Oshima

Takahiro Oshima (born 14 April 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Nagano Parceilo.

4||0||0||0||0||0||4||0
4||0||0||0||0||0||4||0

Taishi Koyama

Taishi Koyama (born 29 April 1988) is a Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Kenji Suzuki

Kenji Suzuki (born 3 September 1986) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gainare Tottori.

27||4||0||0||0||0||27||4
28||0||3||0||colspan="2"|-||31||0
55||4||3||0||0||0||58||4


Eltinho

Eltinho (born 7 July 1987) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Internacional.

42||6
0||0
42||6

Anderson Santos Silva

Anderson Santos Silva (born 14 December 1981) is a Brazilian former football player who played as a defender.

Kentaro Sato (footballer)

Kentaro Sato (born 14 August 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Montedio Yamagata.

74||2||4||0||4||0||82||2
74||2||4||0||4||0||82||2


Kenichi Mori

29||0||1||0||30||0
29||0||1||0||30||0

Keisuke Endo

81||7||1||0||82||7
81||7||1||0||82||7

Yoshinobu Harada

2||0||3||0||5||0
2||0||3||0||5||0

Adam Burish

Adam Burish (born January 6, 1983) is an American retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played 9 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Dallas Stars, and the San Jose Sharks. He also played in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL) for the Växjö Lakers and Malmö Redhawks. After retiring, Burish became an analyst for Blackhawks games on NBC Sports Chicago.

Before playing in the NHL, Burish played 1 season with the Green Bay Gamblers of the United States Hockey League (USHL) and 4 years of college hockey with the University of Wisconsin–Madison Badgers. During his time with the Badgers, Burish captained the team that defeated the Boston College Eagles 2-1 to win the NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Championship.

He was drafted 282nd overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. On May 16, 2006, the Blackhawks signed Burish to a two-year contract. After spending a seasons with the Blackhawks' AHL-affiliate team, the Norfolk Admirals, he was called up on October 1, 2007. Burish scored his first NHL goal in a 3-2 loss against the San Jose Sharks on January 22, 2008. On June 9, 2010, Burish won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks.

After Burish became a free agent, he signed a two-year deal, $1.15 million contract with the Dallas Stars. He spent 2 seasons with the Stars. After his contract with the Stars expired, Burish signed a four-year, $1.8 million contract with the San Jose Sharks and reunited with his University of Wisconsin teammate Joe Pavelski.


Jun Tanaka

Jun Tanaka (born 1 September 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Thespa Kusatsu.

125||4||5||0||130||4
125||4||5||0||130||4


Ryota Kobayashi

Ryota Kobayashi (born 22 June 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Thespa Kusatsu.

6||1||0||0||6||1
12||1||||||12||1
18||2||0||0||18||2


Kim Yeong-gi

Kim Yeong-Gi (born 24 January 1985) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

90||0||3||0||93||0
90||0||3||0||93||0


Takahiro Yamaguchi

Takahiro Yamaguchi (born 8 May 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Shonan Bellmare.

86||1||2||0||88||1
86||1||2||0||88||1


Yuki Igari

Yuki Igari (born 7 April 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Shonan Bellmare.


Aphaenogaster kimberleyensis

Aphaenogaster kimberleyensis is a species of ant in Australia. It has been found and described by Shattuck, S. O. in 2008. It's habitat is mainly forested areas, ranging from rainforests to woodlands. They build their nests using soil mounds that are more extensive than the mounds made by most ants.

Aphaenogaster

Aphaenogaster is a genus of myrmicine ants. Almost 200 species have been described. Also, 11 fossil species are known. They live worldwide except from South America and Southern Africa. 

They are often confused with "Pheidole" or "Pheidologeton". These two have major and minor workers, while "Aphaenogaster" has only a single worker caste. "Pheidole" has a 3-segmented club on its antenna. But "Aphaenogaster" has four segments and a larger body size. "Pheidologeton" has a 11-segmented antenna, while the antenna in "Aphaenogaster" is 12-segmented.

They make very thick, easily seen nests with many big entrances in a small place. These entrances can have diameters of up to 4 cm and are up to 30 cm deep. This resulted in their common name funnel ants. These nests can be a bad problem for golfers or on pastures and unsealed airstrips, because the fragile ground easily breaks under pressure.

"Aphaenogaster" gets most of its food from tended aphids on the roots of plants. This explains that they are not commonly seen out of their tunnels. The funnel-shaped openings could play a role in trapping arthropods, which are also eaten.

Although these ants are not aggressive, they will bite when their nest is disturbed.



NGO Monitor

NGO Monitor (Non-governmental Organization Monitor) is a non-governmental organization based in Jerusalem. NGO Monitor produces and distributes statements and information about the international NGO community, all of which are carefully and fully checked out. This information is used by government policy makers, journalists, charity and philanthropic organizations and the general public. 

NGO Monitor is an independent organization, started in 2001, but only registered in 2007.

NGO Monitor has an online directory of NGOs from around the world, which generally includes a description, a quote from the organization itself, who gives money to it, and relevant quotes from publications and officials.


Satoru Hayashi

Satoru Hayashi (born 13 July 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Shonan Bellmare.

20||1||2||0||22||1
20||1||2||0||22||1


Shuichi Akai

214||23||12||1||226||24
214||23||12||1||226||24

Akihiro Sakata

Akihiro Sakata (born 16 May 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Shonan Bellmare.

11||0||1||0||12||0
11||0||1||0||12||0


Kim Shin-young (footballer)

Kim Shin-Young (; born 16 June 1983) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

101||23||5||4||106||27
101||23||5||4||106||27


Rui Komatsu

Rui Komatsu (born 29 August 1983) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Cerezo Osaka.

100||34||4||0||0||0||104||34
100||34||4||0||0||0||104||34


Kenta Tanno

Kenta Tanno (born 30 August 1986) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Cerezo Osaka.

2||0||3||0||0||0||5||0
2||0||3||0||0||0||5||0


Tatsuya Yamashita

Tatsuya Yamashita (born 7 November 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Cerezo Osaka.

16||0||1||0||0||0||17||0
16||0||1||0||0||0||17||0


Kazuyuki Mugita

Kazuyuki Mugita (born 10 November 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Tokushima Vortis.

73||2||2||0||75||2
73||2||2||0||75||2


Eigo Sekine

97||2||8||0||105||2
97||2||8||0||105||2

Kazuki Abe

0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0

Kohei Kawata

Kohei Kawata (born 13 October 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gamba Osaka.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0


Orust

Orust is an island close to Gothenburg, on the west coast of Sweden. With a land area of , it is the third biggest island in Sweden. Orust also is a municipality, Orust Municipality.

Georg Philipp Schmidt von Lübeck

Georg Philipp Schmidt von Lübeck (January 1, 1766 – October 28, 1849) was a German poet.

He was born in Lübeck as member of a merchant family with long tradition. He studied law in Jena and Göttingen 1786 bis 1790, then he changed to theology and in the end to medicine. In Jena he made friends with the writers Sophie Mereau and Johann Gottfried Herder. After some journeys through Germany he worked as civil servant for the Danish government till 1829.

His most famous poem is „Der Wanderer“. It was composed by Franz Schubert.

Cosimo Rosselli

Cosimo Rosselli (1439 – after 1506) was an Italian painter, active mainly in his birthplace of Florence.


Der Wanderer

Der Wanderer is the name of a Lied composed by Franz Schubert in October 1816 for voice and piano. The words are taken from a German poem by Georg Philipp Schmidt von Lübeck. The lied is set in the key of C-sharp minor with the tempo marking "sehr langsam" (very slow) and the time signature alla breve. The piece has a total of 72 measures. Schubert wrote another lied entitled "Der Wanderer;" it is numbered D.649.

The song begins with a recitative, describing the setting: mountains, a steaming valley, the roaring sea. The wanderer is strolling quietly, unhappily, and asks, sighing, the question: "where?"

The next section, consisting of 8 bars of a slow melody sung in pianissimo, describes the feelings of the wanderer: He feels that he is a stranger everywhere. This 8 bar section was later used by Schubert as theme for the second movement of the "Wanderer Fantasy".

Next the music shifts to the key of E major, the tempo increases and the time signature changes to 6/8. The wanderer asks: "where are you my beloved land?" This place the wanderer longs for is described as green with hope, "the land where my roses bloom, my friends stroll, my dead rise" and, finally, "the land which speaks my language, Oh land, where are you?" Towards the end of this section, the music gets quite animated and forms the climax of the song.

Finally, the music returns to the original minor key and slow tempo. After quoting the question "where?" from the opening, the song closes with a "ghostly breath" finally answering the question: "There where you are not, there is happiness." The song closes in the key of E major.


Erzincan

Erzincan is the capital of Erzincan Province in the eastern Anatolian region of Turkey. 
On December 27, 1939 at 01:57 UTC, the city was hit by a magnitude 7.8 earthquake, the most powerful to hit the country since the 1668 North Anatolia earthquake, which killed 32,700 people and injured more than 100,000. On the same day, the temperature was , which caused many survivors of the earthquake to die from hypothermia. The city was almost completely destroyed and it took many years to recover. It is the second-deadliest earthquake in Turkey after the 2023 Turkey–Syria earthquake and the deadliest earthquake in Turkey in the 20th century.

At 08:18 UTC on 13 March 1992, a magnitude 6.8 earthquake shook the city, killing 652 people and injuring more than 2,000. The city was badly damaged. 150 buildings collapsed and 8,000 buildings were damaged so badly, that they were later demolished.


J.P. Manoux

Jean-Paul Christophe Manoux (born June 8, 1969) is an American actor. He is best known for his role in the Disney Channel series "Phil of the Future" as Curtis/Vice Principal. He is also famous for playing Kuzco in "The Emperor's New School". He also played the French robot mime in "EuroTrip".

Manoux was also a contestant on "Jeopardy!", "Family Feud" and "Wheel of Fortune".

He has authored and read two pieces for NPR's "All Things Considered". Back in 2000, he provided commentary on the Screen Actors Guild strike. He was a striking actor and refused to do work.

Life Before Life

Life Before Life is a book written by psychiatrist Jim B. Tucker. It presents an overview of more than 40 years of reincarnation research at the University of Virginia into children's reports of past life memories. 

The book suggests that consciousness can be considered separately from the brain, which provides a basis for claims of reincarnation. "Life Before Life" has been translated into ten languages and the foreword to the book is written by Ian Stevenson. 

Ian Stevenson

Ian Stevenson, M.D., was a Canadian professor of psychiatry. He worked at the University of Virginia, in the area of parapsychology.

Stevenson thought that the idea of reincarnation might help modern medicine better understand aspects of human behavior and development. He traveled a lot over a period of 40 years to investigate 3,000 childhood cases that suggested to him the possibility of past lives. 
Stevenson saw reincarnation as the survival of the personality after death, although he never suggested a physical way a personality might survive death.

Stevenson's research was the subject of Jim B. Tucker's "Life Before Life" (2005).

Stevenson found that the best evidence supporting the belief in reincarnation comes from the cases of young children who, typically between the ages of 2 and 5, make statements about a previous life they claim to have had before being born. Their statements are often accompanied by behaviour that is unusual for their family but appropriate for the life that the child claims to remember. There is often a "forgetting of the imaged memories between the ages of 5 and 8; a high incidence of violent death claimed in the claimed previous life; and mention of the mode of death by the subject".
Some 35 per cent of the subjects have birthmarks or birth defects which often correspond to injuries or illness experienced by the deceased person who the subject remembers. Medical documents have confirmed this correspondence in more than forty cases.

Ian Stevenson authored or co-authored more than a dozen books. Stevenson died in 2007, and many of these books are mentioned in his obituaries in the "British Medical Journal", "New York Times", and the "Washington Post". 


Jhelum

Jhelum (Urdu and ) is a city on the right bank of the Jhelum River, in the district of the same name in the north of Punjab province, Pakistan. Jhelum is known for providing a large number of soldiers to the British and later to the Pakistan armed forces due to which it is also known as city of soldiers or land of martyrs.

This area is sometimes called North Panjab, Upper Panjab, Greater Pothohar/Extended Pothwar (or occasionally Hazara region), and nowadays more specifically and correctly known as Panjistan Country and when it is combined with Mirpuri, Poonchi (in Kashmir) and (Southern) Hindko localities (mostly Hazara) is also known as "Panjistani belt".

The Panjistani language (as originally formulated by Mohammad Afzal UK (1987) and some others) was formerly called North Panjabi, Mirpuri, "Poonchi", Pothwari, "Chakwali", Hindko, Pahari, "Upper Panjabi", Northern Lahnda, etc. In Jhelum it is spoken with the local accent or dialect known as Jhelumi.

These political parties namely the "Panjistan Freedom Party" (PFP) Panjistan National Party (PNP) Panjistan Communist Party (PCP) "Panjistan Republican Party" (PRP) "Panjistan Democratic Front" (PDF) Panjistan Popular Front (PPF) Panjistan Socialist Party (PSP) Panjistan Unionist party (PUP) Panjistan National Unity Party (PNUP) "Panjistan Democratic party" (PDP) Panjistan workers party (PWP) Panjistan Social Democratic Party (PSDP) and these major socio-cultural groupings called Panjistani language movement (PLM) Panjistani language board (PLB) Panjistani Literary Forum (PLF) Panjistani language Society (PLS) and Just for Panjistani Commission (JPC) want the creation of North Panjab or Panjistan province and recently formed the Charter of Panjistani council (or CPC).

Parapsychology

Parapsychology is the study of psychic events. These phenomona involve the exchange of information between a person and their environment, without the use of the five senses. They include extrasensory perception (such as telepathy), influence of mind on matter (psychokinesis), anomalous experiences (such as past life experiences and near death experiences) and apparitions. Such things have been reported for a very long time.

In 2005, Nobel Laureate Brian Josephson said that many scientists are not yet swayed by the evidence for parapsychology and the paranormal. Josephson contends that some scientists feel uncomfortable about ideas such as telepathy and that their emotions sometimes get in the way when making evaluations.The study of purported psychic phenomena and other paranormal claims, as those connected to near-death experiences, synchronicity, apparitional encounters, etc., is known as parapsychology. The majority of mainstream scientists disagree with it, calling it a pseudoscience.


Created by psychologist Michael Shermer. It states that the brain makes sense of the world by seeing patterns. Because of this the mind is constantly looking for new patterns to better understand the world. However, sometimes the mind finds patterns where none exist. This is called Paternicity or pareidolia. It is the tendency to find patterns, even when they aren’t really there. When this happens people often view the world through these false patterns.

Heuristics are ways of thinking that conserve mental effort that allow quick decisions about a large amount of information. One problem with heuristics is that they are often wrong.

Anchoring and Adjustment is a type of heuristic in which a person makes an educated guess about a question. Then, when that person learns new information they adjust their answer around their original guess. Psychologists Amos Tversky and Daniel Kahneman first discovered this type of heuristic. In one of their first studies on Anchoring and Adjustment they gave divided participants into two groups, gave them one of two problems and asked them to guess the answer.

These two problems were:
1 is the anchor in the first problem and 2 is the anchor in the second problem. The average guess of the group given the first problem (with 1 as the anchor) is much lower than the group given the second problem (with 2 as the anchor). The average guess of the first group was 512 and the average guess of the second group was 2,250. Even though these answers were very different both were very far from the true answer, which was 40,320.

The Availability Heuristic is used when a person answers a question based on how easily instances of an event come to mind. An example would be living in a neighborhood with a high crime rate and overestimating the amount of robberies that take place in the United States every year.



Handedness

Handedness is the preference for using either the left or the right side of the body for certain things. People are described as left-handed or right-handed when they prefer to write with their left or their right hand. They may prefer the use of certain hands for certain tasks.
Most people are right-handed. Many prefer to use their right eye, right foot and right ear if forced to make a choice between the two). The reasons for this are not fully understood. 

Ambidexterity is when a person has approximately equal skill with both hands and/or both sides of the body. True ambidexterity is very rare. In some sports work is done to even up the influence of the non-dominant side. Soccer is a good example.

Handedness is caused by the lateralisation of brain function. Lateralisation is not only found in humans: it is found in many kinds of animals.

Handedness seems to follow from the brain hemisphere division of labor. In most people the left side of the brain controls speaking, and the left cerebral hemisphere of the brain controls the right side of the body. In 90-92% of all humans, the left hemisphere is the language hemisphere. Therefore right-handedness predominates. This theory predicts that left-handed people have a reversed brain division of labor. 

Many societies have tried to force right-handedness onto left-handed children ("forced laterality"). The general experience is that such attempts are not entirely successful, and cause distress. Writing is a good example. A right-handed script moves towards the right, and the righthanded writer's hand reveals what has just been written, which is good feedback. When a left-handed person writes a right-handed script, their hand obscures (hides) what has just been written. That interferes with the natural visual feedback to the writer. So the way our alphabet is written, moving to the right, is better for right-handed writers. 

Always there are always more right-handed people in a population. But, all the same, the world has many important scripts which are written right to left. Some, like Arabic, Hebrew, Persian and Urdu are widespread and important. It is worth remembering that in the past most people could not write. Even in England in 1800 many men signed their marriage certificate with an X, because they were illiterate (could not write). Widespread literacy came in the 19th century. So, when writing was invented, it was a few thousand years ago, and only the priests and officials needed to use it. Almost all monuments of that time used pictures as well as words, so that the mass of people could understand them. Much that we take for granted, like spaces between words (!), was not there at the start of writing, and several oriental languages can be written top-to-bottom as well as horizontally.

On the other hand, with a keyboard, handedness does not matter. This is why the issue of handedness is not so important now as it once was.

However, there are many tools which are usually made for right-handed people, and it may be difficult and more expensive to buy left-handed versions.

Physical anthropologists have pointed out that the human ability to throw weapons such as rocks and spears is quite notable. Chimpanzees have handedness, but their ability to throw is much less good. For protection, catching prey and for making tools, handedness is critical. Handedness may have been part of the mental make-up of Neanderthals, with asymmetric wear on their teeth as evidence. This would make sense, though it brings the question: "since its reason is not obvious, then why is it so widespread?". Even Darwin asked himself "Are monkeys right-handed??". In general, the answer appears to be yes.

Many other animals also have handedness. For example: elephants often have preferences for whether they swing their trunks to the left or the right. Honeybees have right antennas that are more sensitive to smells. Parrots can be left- or right-footed, and some don’t mind (they are ambidextrous). Animals as different as chickens and minnows like to look for food with one eye and look out for predators with the other. This seems to help them do two things at once.


Andromeda galaxy

The Andromeda galaxy is the nearest spiral galaxy to the Milky Way, our galaxy. Andromeda is sometimes called Messier 31, M31 or NGC 224 by astronomers. It is about 2.6 million light years away from us. In other words, we see it as it was 2.6 million years ago. The galaxy looks like a dim, fuzzy star to the naked eye. Andromeda is named after Andromeda constellation, where it is located.

Andromeda is the largest galaxy of the Local Group. The group is the Andromeda galaxy, the Milky Way galaxy, the Triangulum galaxy, and about 30 other smaller clusters. Although the largest, Andromeda may not be the most massive. Recent findings suggest that the Milky Way contains more dark matter and may be the most massive in the group.

The 2006 observations by the Spitzer Space Telescope revealed that M31 contains a trillion stars (10). This is more than the number of stars in our own galaxy, which is estimated to be c. 200-400 billion.

Andromeda is estimated to be 7.1 solar masses. In comparison, a 2009 study estimated that the Milky Way and Andromeda are about equal in mass,

At an apparent magnitude of 3.4, the Andromeda galaxy is notable for being one of the brightest Messier objects as seen from Earth. It is visible to the naked eye on moonless nights even when viewed from areas with moderate light pollution. Although it appears "more than six times as wide as the full Moon" when photographed by a larger telescope, only the brighter central region is visible to the naked eye. Being both large and bright, it is one of the farthest objects that can be seen without a telescope or binoculars.

The Andromeda galaxy is approaching the Milky Way at about 100 to 140 kilometres per second (62 to 87 mi/s), so it is one of the few blue shifted galaxies. The Andromeda galaxy and the Milky Way are thus expected to collide in perhaps 4.5 billion years. The Milky Way–Andromeda collision is likely to make the galaxies merge, to form a giant elliptical galaxy. Such events do happen in galaxy groups. However, 4.5 billion years is a vast period of time, roughly equal to the time the Earth has existed as a planet.

Orbiting M31 are at least 13 dwarf galaxies. the brightest and largest is M110, which can be seen with a basic telescope. The second-brightest and closest one to M31 is M32.

The Persian astronomer Al Sufi was the first man to record seeing the Andromeda galaxy. He called the galaxy "a small cloud" in his book, the "Book of Fixed Stars", which was published in 964 AD. The first person to look at the galaxy with a telescope was Simon Marius in 1612. In 1764 Charles Messier put it into his catalogue of astronomical objects. He called it M31 and gave the credit for its discovery to Marius, as he did not know that Al Sufi had seen it hundreds of years previously.

In 1751 William Herschel estimated the distance to the Andromeda "nebula" as "no more than 2000 times the distance to Sirius," or around 17,200 light years. The best modern estimate of Andromeda's distance is 2.54 million light years. In the 1920s astronomer Edwin Hubble proved that Andromeda was a galaxy, and not a gas cloud in the Milky Way as had been thought.

Andromeda was known to the ancients, but only in the 1920s was it understood as a galaxy.



Moses Mabhida Stadium

Moses Mabhida Stadium is a sports stadium in Durban, South Africa. It was built in 2009.

The stadium co-hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup. It is one of the 10 stadiums where World Cup matches were played. FIFA calls this stadium "Durban Stadium".

2010 World Cup Matches

All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+2).


Endive

Endive ("Chicorium endivia") is a leafy plant of the family Asteraceae. The plants are either annual, or they live for two years. Originally, these plants grew in the countries around the Mediterranean. There are many varieties, but they can be split into two groups


Since Antiquity, these plants have been used to make salads. Sometimes they are cooked, and prepared similar to spinach or chard. Endive has a good sorce of fiber and has all kinds of vitamins like a,c,and e.

Cape Town Stadium

Cape Town Stadium is a sports stadium in Cape Town, South Africa. It was first built in 1987. At that time, it was named the FNB Stadium. 

The stadium co-hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup. It is one of the 10 stadiums where World Cup matches were played. FIFA calls this stadium "Green Point Stadium".

2010 World Cup Matches

All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+2).

Mechanical bull

A mechanical bull, also known as a Rodeo Bull or Bucking Bronco is a machine that gives the rider sense of riding a bucking animal such as a rodeo bull or horse. 

Its speed can be made faster or slower. Padded flooring is often used around the machine in order to prevent injury to those thrown off it. 
A special motor lets the operator to safely control the ride and safety for the rider; this motor allows the operator to stop the ride before a rider is thrown off the machine. The trained operator at the speed control box controls the unit’s speed as well as spin direction. The equipment has the ability of starting rides very slowly and can be advanced to faster speeds if a rider is able to handle them. It can go slow and simply spin for beginners and run at a more advanced speed for experts or professionals.

Mechanical bulls have been around for decades as a training machine for rodeo riders, as they enable a rider to improve their rodeo performance and skills without the risk. Although mechanical bulls are still used for rodeo training, they are also used as an amusement ride, both as party entertainment and entertainment found in bars, restaurants, and clubs.

As a form of entertainment, the mechanical bull often includes a saddle (even though saddles are not used in real bull riding) and often a model of the head of a bull, complete with horns. One of the earliest uses as a form of entertainment was at Bertrand Island Amusement Park in New Jersey), where a mechanical bucking bronco ride was introduced in the 1930s, under the name of "Ride 'Em Cowboy!".

The commercial use of mechanical bulls gained popular appeal with the release of the 1980 movie "Urban Cowboy". In this movie John Travolta and Debra Winger showed the riding a mechanical bull. The mechanical bull used in this movie was the El Toro brand of mechanical bull. This brand of mechanical bull is still being made, but does not carry the same safety features that are available on more current models. Mechanical bulls can also be seen in the films "Stir Crazy", and "". In the movie "Barnyard", in the night barn, a "Mechanical Man" is seen (as the main characters are cows).

In the television show "Strangers with Candy", Jerri Blank's physical education class is uses mechanical bull riding.

A bucking bronco was originally a cowboy term for a horse that jumps about with stiff knees and an arched back. 

Naoki Hashimoto

Naoki Hashimoto (born 8 June 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sony Sendai.

200||5||8||0||208||5
200||5||8||0||208||5

Kenichiro Uchida

Kenichiro Uchida (born 18 April 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

113||0
113||0

Masato Chiba

Masato Chiba (born 16 August 1978) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sony Sendai.

153||2||5||0||158||2
153||2||5||0||158||2

Hideki Kirita

Hideki Kirita (born 1 June 1980) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sony Sendai.

175||27||6||1||181||28
175||27||6||1||181||28

Katsunobu Saga

Katsunobu Saga (born 16 September 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

120||2
120||2

Kazutaka Takano

Kazutaka Takano (born 8 November 1979) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sony Sendai.

248||59||4||3||252||62
248||59||4||3||252||62

Takeshi Yamaguchi

Takeshi Yamaguchi (born 10 June 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

137||11||5||0||0||0||142||11
137||11||5||0||0||0||142||11

Kiyokazu Masuda

Kiyokazu Masuda (born 13 May 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Arte Takasaki.

51||0||3||0||0||0||54||0
51||0||3||0||0||0||54||0

Shingo Kinoshita

Shingo Kinoshita (born 25 September 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for MIO Biwako Kusatsu.

70||20||3||0||0||0||73||20
70||20||3||0||0||0||73||20

Keiichi Misawa

Keiichi Misawa (born 11 June 1988) is a Japanese football player.

3||0||1||0||0||0||4||0
3||0||1||0||0||0||4||0

Ryota Doi

14||5||1||0||0||0||15||5
30||12||3||2||colspan="2"|-||33||14
44||17||4||2||0||0||48||19

Kohei Doi

Kohei Doi (born 24 December 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Ehime (reserve team).

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Tomohisa Nakata

Tomohisa Nakata (born 11 May 1987) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Keita Sogabe

Keita Sogabe (born 2 July 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Zweigen Kanazawa.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Masahiro Ito

Masahiro Ito (born 9 November 1988) is a former Japanese football player. He plays for Vissel Kobe.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Sho Okubo

Sho Okubo (born 2 April 1988) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Eiji Sato

146||6||10||0||2||0||158||6
146||6||10||0||2||0||158||6

Koki Kotegawa

Koki Kotegawa (born 12 September 1989) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Oita Trinita.

13||0||0||0||9||1||22||1
13||0||0||0||9||1||22||1


Mischa Maisky

Mischa Maisky (; born January 10, 1948 in Riga, Latvian SSR) is an Israeli and former Soviet cellist. 

Maisky studied with Mstislav Rostropovich at the Moscow Conservatory in the Soviet Union. In 1966 he won 6th Prize at the Moscow International Tchaikovsky Competition. In 1970, he was imprisoned in a labor camp near Gorky for 18 months. When he was set free, he moved to Israel and became a citizen there. He also studied for a time with Gregor Piatigorsky in Los Angeles. He currently lives in Belgium.

In his performing and recording career, Maisky has worked with artists such as the pianists Martha Argerich, Radu Lupu, and Sergio Tiempo, the violinists Gidon Kremer and Janine Jansen, and the conductors Leonard Bernstein, Zubin Mehta, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Daniel Barenboim, and Giuseppe Sinopoli. He has played around the world and has made many recordings.

Hidenori Tabata

Hidenori Tabata (born 15 August 1970) is a former Japanese football player.

Masayuki Mita

10||2||0||0||3||0||13||2
10||2||0||0||3||0||13||2

Fukutaro Shino

3||0||0||0||3||0
3||0||0||0||3||0

List of Indo-European languages

List of Indo-European languages

This list is of Indo-European languages. These languages all sprung from a common source called Proto-Indo-European.









Shinya Hatta

Shinya Hatta (born 17 May 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Ryukyu.

30||3||3||0||33||3
30||3||3||0||33||3

Edinaldo (footballer, born 1987)

Edinaldo Batista dos Santos (born 2 April 1987) is a Brazilian football player.

Kim Ki-Su

Kim Ki-Su (born 5 August 1982) is a North Korean association football player.

65||4||6||0||71||4
65||4||6||0||71||4

Jun Shimanuki

Jun Shimanuki (born 7 August 1988) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Mito hollyHock.

1||0||0||0||1||0
1||0||0||0||1||0

Chika (footballer)

Celso Cardoso de Moraes (born 4 August 1979) is a Brazilian football player.

85||11||5||0||90||11
85||11||5||0||90||11

Wataru Yamazaki

Wataru Yamazaki (born 18 September 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

186||15||7||0||193||15
186||15||7||0||193||15

Marlon (footballer, born 1987)

Mario Brandao da Silveira (born 26 January 1987) Marlon, is a Brazilian football player.

5||0||0||0||5||0
5||0||0||0||5||0

Daiki Sato

Daiki Sato (born 7 September 1988) is a Japanese football player.

11||0||2||0||13||0
11||0||2||0||13||0

Jin Kanaoya

Jin Kanaoya (born 29 May 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Fukushima United.

15||5||1||0||16||5
15||5||1||0||16||5

Shota Iwata

Shota Iwata (born 17 June 1988) is a former Japanese football player.

7||2||0||0||7||2
7||2||0||0||7||2

Émile Mpenza

Émile Mpenza (born 4 July 1978) is a Belgian football player. He plays for Sion and Belgium national team.

137||58
115||33
19||9
34||7
0||0
305||107

!Total||57||19

Anatoliy Tymoshchuk

Anatoliy Tymoshchuk (born 30 March 1979) is a former Ukrainian football player. He played for clubs such as Bayern Munich, Zenit St Petersburg, and Shakhtar Donetsk. He also played for the Ukraine national team, and he is their most capped player with 144 appearances. He currently is an assistance manager for Zenit St Petersburg.

289||40||37||6||57||1||383||47
67||10||5||5||27||3||99||18
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
356||50||42||11||84||4||482||65

!Total||92||1

IOS

iOS (previously named iPhone OS) is an OS for smartphones, made and sold by Apple. It is the mobile OS of the iPhone, the iPod, the iPad, Apple TV and similar devices. At first iOS was called iPhone OS, but it was renamed to iOS in 2010 to show that the operating system was being supported on new Apple devices.

iOS was released in 2005, simply known as running a version of OS X for the first generation iPhone. Apple said on January 9, 2007 at a conference that there will be a new product, the iPhone, and it would have a "revolutionary" operating system.

On March 6, 2006, Apple renamed this form of OS X to "iPhone OS" following the release of the iPhone software development kit.

On July 11, 2008, along with the release of the iPhone 3G, Apple released iPhone OS 2.0, which introduced the App Store.

In June 2009, Apple released iPhone OS 3.0, which was released along with the iPhone 3GS. It was a minor upgrade to iPhone OS 2.0 except it could do a few new things. iPhone OS 3.0 was available for the first iPhone and iPod Touch, but not all features were supported on those devices. The last version to support the first iPhone and iPod Touch was 3.1.3. It was later available for the iPad when it was released (as of version 3.2).

In September 2009, Apple renamed "iPhone OS" to "iOS". The trademark "IOS" has been used by the tech company Cisco, so Apple licensed the trademark in order to avoid conflicts.

In mid-2010, Apple also released a significant update, iOS 4.0, which added the ability of multitasking, the option to have a wallpaper for the home screen and gives the user the ability to run several apps at the same time, while the number of apps are affected by the device's RAM. Not only that, but it also had a more polished design and was the first version of iOS to be available for the iPod Touch for free. Unfortunately, the iPhone 3G and iPod Touch (2nd generation) have limited features, meaning that they can't multitask or have a wallpaper for the home screen.

In October 2011, Apple released iOS 5, which introduced many new features such as the notifications pull-down bar, a free messaging service called iMessage, iCloud, and more. A voice assistant named Siri was also released to the iPhone 4S.

iOS 6 was released on September 19, 2012 with even more features. Siri was released to the iPad (3rd generation), iPod Touch (5th generation), and the iPhone 5. YouTube was removed and a YouTube app was added to the App Store. Google Maps was also removed and replaced with Apple Maps.

On September 18, 2013, iOS 7 was released with a new look and many features, and a new feature called "Control Center" where you can control basic settings, music, AirPlay, brightness, flashlight, and more.

On June 2, 2014, Apple announced iOS 8 at their annual Worldwide Developers Conference. It has several new features, such as a new app called Health, a feature called QuickType, which predicts which words you will type, and several other features. It was officially released to everyone on September 17, 2014.

iOS 11 was announced in mid-2017. It supports the iPhone 5S and newer, the iPad Air and newer, all iPad Pro models, the fourth-generation iPad mini, and the sixth-generation iPod touch. The update removes the labels from the main Phone, Messages, Mail, and Safari icons. The App Store and iTunes store logos are replaced with a simple "A" logo and star logo with a blue and purple background, respectively. The Control Center is also easier to use, with bigger buttons and custom controls for functions like Low Power Mode and Mobile Hotspot. On the Plus models of the iPhone 6, 6S, and 7, the Lock Screen can also be rotated. In the Control Center and on the Lock Screen, when a song is playing, only the song name and artist are shown instead of also showing the album name.

iOS 11 also allows users to "offload" apps, meaning that an app can be deleted while leaving behind the app's data. It also provides suggestions and functions for saving storage space, such as deleting old messages and files. Instead of the iCloud Drive app, there is a Files app that allows users to view their files in the iPhone itself and iCloud Drive.

The only way to get the software (apps) in iOS is the App Store. The App Store is an electronic market which gives you the ability to buy "apps" (applications), small user interface applications. By January 2013, Apple confirmed to have more than 800,000 applications in the App Store.

iOS Version 7, launched Sep 18, 2013, presented a radically different tone for the iPhone, than the aesthetic which had become iconic already under vers 1 through 6: first with sharper, brighter, flatter icons; less of the photographically detailed: fewer pigments but more uncommon ones, and second with a translucent smoke glass icon tray pulldown. A third major aesthetic difference lay in the shade of blue chosen, which was brighter and especially highlighted the style of version 7 over iOS 1.0.

iOS 7.03, released Oct 23, 2013, mostly disabled the gyroscopic compass on the Apple iPod Touch, including new-at-the-time models. Later software updates further restricted compass-related hardware features, to only devices with GPS/cellular connectivity.

A "soft update" over iTunes, of Sep 9, 2014, increased the size of every user's iTunes by U2's Songs of Innocence album, which at the time could not be deleted from many users' libraries.

iOS 8, which launched Sep 12, 2014, while not as radical an aesthetic change as iOS 7 from iOS 6, being virtually required for many users.

Ford Model A (1927–1931)

The Ford Model A was a car made by the Ford Motor Company. It had a four-cylinder flat head engine. It replaced the Ford Model T, and was replaced by the Ford Model B and Ford Model 18. Though it was only made for five years, 4,849,340 Model As were made and sold. 

The Ford Model A was made from 1928 through 1931. In 1932 Ford made the Model B which had a fuel pump attached to the motor.

Ellis Park Stadium

Ellis Park is a sports stadium in Johannesburg, South Africa. It is also known as Coca-Cola Park. 

Ellis Park was first built in 1928 as a Rugby union stadium. It was demolished and rebuilt in 1982, still as a rugby staduim. It was named after JD Ellis, a Johannesburg city councilor. JD Ellis allowed the use of the land for a stadium. He allowed 13 acres to build the stadium. 

In the first stadium 100 000 visitors saw the Rugbymatch South Africa versus England (1955). The stadium was used for different events. 1995 it was part of the Rugby-Union-Worldchampionship 1995 and 2009 it hosted the CONFED-Cup and 2010 the FIFA World Cup.

In 2009, the stadium was improved. More seats were added. Stadium access was made eaiser for disabled fans. A new pitch and media room was added. The sound system (loudspeaker)was improved.

The stadium co-hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup. It is one of the 10 stadiums where World Cup matches were played.

2010 World Cup Matches

All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+2).

The stadium is used by the soccerteams Gauteng Lions and Orlando Pirats. The stadium is also the homeground of two rugbyteams (Lions and Golden Lions).


Ferman Akgül

Ferman Akgül (born 25 December 1979 in Ankara) is a Turkish songwriter and the singer of the rock band "maNga". He writes both lyrics and music.

Ferman Akgül was born in Ankara and went to the Ankara Anatolian High School. He began playing classical guitar at the age of 9-10.

Bruce Greyson

Bruce Greyson, M.D. (born October 1946) is professor of psychiatry at the University of Virginia. He wrote "Irreducible Mind" (2007) and "The Handbook of Near-Death Experiences" (2009). Greyson also wrote the overview of near death experiences for the "Encyclopædia Britannica" and was the Editor-in-Chief of the "Journal of Near-Death Studies" from 1982 through 2007. Greyson has written many journal articles and has given media interviews.



Gail Kim

Gail Kim-Irvine (born February 20, 1977 in Toronto) is a Canadian former professional wrestler of Korean descent. She is best known for wrestling for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). During her career in TNA, she is a former one-time TNA Knockouts Tag Team Champion, three-time TNA Women's Knockout Championship, the 2007 Knockout of the Year and the 2013 Queen of TNA. Kim has also worked with World Wrestling Entertainment where she was a one-time WWE Women's Champion. 

In 2012, she was named the number one female wrestler in the world by Pro Wrestling Illustrated. 


Mission, British Columbia

Mission, British Columbia is a city in British Columbia. It is part of the Lower Mainland and is north of the Fraser River. It is ranked 37th on the list of 100 largest metropolitan areas in Canada. 

It was first created in 1892 and was first home to the Stó:lō First Nations people.

The mayor of Mission is Paul Horn. The population is 41,519 from the 2021 census.

Mission is a stop for West Coast Express trains and for "The Canadian" by Via Rail.

A University of the Fraser Valley campus is located at the Heritage Park Centre in Mission.

Aside from hiking and bike trails, Mission is home to the Mission City Outlaws of the Pacific Junior Hockey League.


Near death experience

A near death experience (NDE) is when someone almost dies and then he feels things like his life flashes before his eyes. Some have said they briefly saw heaven or hell. NDEs were made mostly famous by the making of Raymond Moody's "Life After Life" in 1975.



Duracell

Duracell is a brand of batteries made by Procter and Gamble. Duracell makes alkaline batteries of 9V, C, AA, AAA, and D sizes.

In 2014, Berkshire Hathaway bought the Duracell.
The company was founded in the 1920s by Samuel Ruben and Philip Rogers Mallory.

The Duracell became a brand appeared in 1964.The Gillette Company bought Duracell in 1996.


Loftus Versfeld Stadium

Loftus Versfeld Stadium is a sports stadium in Pretoria, South Africa.

It is mostly used for Rugby games.

The stadium co-hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup. It is one of the 10 stadiums where World Cup matches were played.

2010 World Cup Matches

All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+2).


Periodontitis

Periodontitis is a set of diseases which usually attacks the tissues surrounding the teeth. Periodontitis in comparison with Gingivitis is a more severe inflammation, because not only it affects the tissues, but also, it affects the bottom of the teeth. If it is not treated at all, it may lead to a loss of teeth.

The word "periodontitis" comes from peri ("around"), odont ("tooth") and -itis ("redness").

Periodontitis doesn't just affect the gums and teeth, but reports have stated that it may increase risk of stroke. It is also related to memory problems for those over 60 years of age.

Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium

Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium is a sports stadium in Port Elizabeth, South Africa. It was named after the former South African president Nelson Mandela.

The stadium co-hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup. It is one of the 10 stadiums where World Cup matches were played.

2010 World Cup Matches

All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+2).

Mbombela Stadium

Mbombela Stadium is a sports stadium in Nelspruit, South Africa. 

The stadium hosted four games at the 2010 FIFA World Cup and eight games at the 2013 African Cup of Nations. 


Suda

The Suda or Souda () is a massive 10th century Byzantine encyclopedia of the ancient Mediterranean world. It is an encyclopedic dictionary, written in Greek, with 30,000 entries. The derivation is probably from the Byzantine Greek word "souda", meaning 'fortress' or 'stronghold'.

The "Suda" is somewhere between a grammatical dictionary and an encyclopedia in the modern sense. It explains the source, derivation, and meaning of words according to the philology of its period. There is nothing especially important about this aspect of the work. It is the articles on literary history that are valuable. These entries supply details and quotations from authors whose works are otherwise lost. 

This lexicon represents a convenient work of reference for persons who played a part in political, ecclesiastical, and literary history in the East down to the tenth century. The chief source for this is the encyclopedia of Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus (912–959), and for Roman history the excerpts of John of Antioch (seventh century).

The work deals with biblical as well as pagan subjects, from which it is inferred that the writer was a Christian. A prefatory note gives a list of dictionaries from which the lexical portion was compiled, together with the names of their authors. The work is uncritical, and probably much added to, and the value of the articles is very unequal. Nevertheless, it contains much information on ancient history and life.

The "Souda" has a near-contemporaneous Islamic parallel, the "Kitab al-Fehrest" of Ibn al-Nadim.

The lexicon is arranged alphabetically with some slight deviations. The letters follow phonetically, in order of sound (of course in the pronunciation of the tenth century, which is similar to that of modern Greek). The system is not difficult to learn and remember, but in some modern editions the work is rearranged alphabetically.


Toshitaka Tsurumi

Toshitaka Tsurumi (born 22 December 1986) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gainare Tottori.

76||21||4||0||80||21
76||21||4||0||80||21


Yohei Hamasaki

Yohei Hamasaki (born 6 July 1987) is a Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0

Yosuke Kawamata

Yosuke Kawamata (born 14 December 1985) is a former Japanese football player.

36||0||4||0||40||0
36||0||4||0||40||0

Hideto Inoue

Hideto Inoue (born 27 June 1982) is a former Japanese football player.

109||1||5||0||114||1
109||1||5||0||114||1

Joey Barton

Joseph Anthony "Joey" Barton (born 2 September 1982) is an English footballer.

Barton was born and raised in Hutyon, Merseyside. In 2011, his son was born.

Barton plays as a midfielder for Queens Park Rangers. He played for Manchester City from 2002 to 2007, where he received 39 bookings and three red cards. He scored an international goal at Goodison Park, Liverpool on 9 September 2003 whilst playing for the England Under-21 team against Portugal. He played for Newcastle United from 2007 to 2011. He played for Olympique de Marseille for the 2012-2013 season.

Barton has convictions for common assault, assault occasioning actual bodily harm and affray. He has served a prison sentence and a suspended sentence. He has also been charged with violent conduct three times by The Football Association for attacking other players. The court and FA proceedings and sentences, along with being sent off and banned from matches, has interrupted his professional career many times.

Newcastle United

Queens Park Rangers

Burnley

Individual

Bristol Rovers

Individual

Alexandre Luiz Fernandes

Alexandre Luiz Fernandes (born 21 January 1986) is a Brazilian football player.

51||0||||||51||0
64||5||2||0||66||5
115||5||2||0||117||5

Misao Tamai

Tamai was born in Hyogo Prefecture on December 16, 1903. He played for Waseda WMW which was consisted of his alma mater Waseda University players and graduates. At the club, he played with many Japan national team players Shigeyoshi Suzuki, Haruo Arima, Tamotsu Asakura, Shigeru Takahashi, Shojiro Sugimura, Nagayasu Honda, Ko Takamoro and Michiyo Taki.

In August 1927, when Tamai was a Waseda University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Shanghai. At this competition, on August 27, he debuted and scored a goal against Republic of China. On August 29, he also played against Philippines and Japan won this match. This is Japan national team first victory in "International A Match". He played 2 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1927.

After retirement, Tamai became a vice-president of Japan Football Association from 1957 to 1976.

On December 23, 1978, Tamai died of heart failure in Kobe at the age of 75. In 2006, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.

!Total||2||1


Gilberto Martínez

Gilberto Martínez (born 1 October 1979) is a Costa Rican football player. He plays for Brescia and Costa Rica national team.

63||0
162||1
225||1

!Total||58||0

Flag of Slovenia

The national flag of Slovenia has three equal horizontal bands of white (top), blue, and red, with the Slovenian coat of arms on the upper left side of the flag centered in the white and blue bands. The coat of arms is a shield with the image of Mount Triglav, Slovenia's highest mountain, in white against a blue background; below it are two blue lines that stand for the Adriatic Sea and local rivers, and above it are three six-pointed stars arranged in an triangle which are taken from the coat of arms of the Counts of Celje, an important Slovenian family.

Yegor Titov

Yegor Titov (born 29 May 1976) is a Russian football player. He has played for Russia national team.

440||91
24||6
464||97

!Total||40||7

Abdul Kader Keïta

Abdul Kader Keïta (born 6 August 1981) is a Côte d'Ivoire football player. He plays for Galatasaray and Côte d'Ivoire national team.

23||4
22||7
19||6
71||23
115||20
0||0
250||60

!Total||49||10

Cockatoo Island (New South Wales)

Cockatoo Island is the largest island in Sydney Harbour in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It is at the junction of the Parramatta and Lane Cove rivers. Cockatoo Island has been a prison, industrial school, and reformatory (a prison for boys). It was also the site of one of Australia's biggest shipyards during the 20th century. The first of its two dry docks was built by convicts in 1857. The dockyards closed in 1992.

In March 2005 the island was opened to the public for the 'Cockatoo Island 2005 Festival' Cockatoo Island Festival. The island is now looked after by the Sydney Harbour Federation Trust which wants people to come and visit. The island's history will be a big attraction. The prison buildings were listed as a World Heritage Site in 2010, along with ten other convict sites around Australia. Large workshops, slipways, wharves, houses and other buildings show the island's ship building history.

Cockatoo Island has great views of Sydney Harbour. A campsite opened on the island in 2008. Campers can bring their own tents or hire a tent on the island. The island's views of the Sydney Harbour Bridge make it a popular spot for watching the New Year's Eve fireworks display. More than 2000 campers watched the fireworks in 2009. Two historic dockyard houses can be used as holiday houses.

Ferries going to Woolwich and Balmain, and the Parramatta RiverCat stop at Cockatoo Island. Day visitors can picnic, barbecue, visit the cafe, walk around the island or take an audio or guided tour. Cockatoo Island is open daily and there is no cost to visit.

Regular events and art shows are often held on the island. The island has held the contemporary art show, the Biennale of Sydney, in 2008. More than 80,000 visitors went to the show over 12 weeks. The 2010 Biennale will be also held on the island. Cockatoo Island also had the Sydney Festival's "All Tomorrow's Parties" music festival in January 2009. The two day festival included 24 bands over four stages across the island. The event was organized by Nick Cave, with an audience of over 11,000. The island also held the World's Funniest Island Comedy Festival on a weekend in October 2009. The 200 comedy acts were seen by more than 8,000 people. There are plans to repeat the comedy festival in 2010, and there are plans for future events.

The island is also used for private events both large and small. Part of the movie was filmed there in 2008.

Before the arrival of Europens, Cockatoo Island was used by the Aboriginal tribes who live in the Sydney area.
In 1839 it was chosen as the site of prison by the Governor of the colony of New South Wales, Sir George Gipps. Between 1839 and 1869 the island was used as a convict prison. The first prisoners came from Norfolk Island. They cut silos into the rock to store the colony's grain supply. By 1842, about 140 tonnes of grain were stored on the island.

One convict on Cockatoo Island was the Australian bushranger, Captain Thunderbolt. He escaped did the crimes which made him famous. His wife had swum across to the island with tools to help him escape. They both swam back to the mainland.

Stone was dug up on the island to build the prison as well as other buildings in Sydney, including the seawall for Circular Quay. Between 1847 and 1857, convicts were used to dig the Fitzroy Dock, Australia’s first dry dock, on the island.

In 2009, an archeological dig on the island found convict era punishment cells under the cookhouse. These cells show the conditions convicts lived under on the island.

In 1864 the island was split between the NSW Department of Prisons and the Public Works Department. The dockyard was made larger taking up most of foreshores. In 1869 the convicts were moved to Darlinghurst Gaol. In 1890 the Sutherland Dock, a dry dock large enough to take ships of 20,000 tonnes, was opened.

In 1913 Cockatoo Island become the Commonwealth Naval Dockyard. In 1933 it was leased to the Cockatoo Island Docks and Engineering Company Ltd. During World War II, Cockatoo Island's importance to the Allies increased after Singapore and its shipyards were captured by the Japanese. At least 20 ships were built during the war. The dockyard continued to build both naval and commercial vessels until it closed in 1992.

Important ships built or repaired at dockyard include:

The Light Destroyer (DDL) program was a large project to build ten ships similar to the Royal Navy's Type 21 or Amazon class frigate for Australia during the 1970s and early 1980s. Rising costs saw the original number revised down to five and then three vessels before being stopped altogether in 1972. It was planned that some of these ships would be built at Cockatoo Island Dockyard, but only the Williamstown Naval Dockyard built the ships before the project ended.

From March 25 to March 27, 2005, a music and arts festival was held on the island, using empty buildings and warehouses as exhibition rooms, concert halls and shopping/food venues. Local and international musical groups and artists performed, including:


More than 20,000 people went to the festival. There were more than 120 musical acts, as well as stand-up comedians, performance artists and more. A special ferry service ran day and night to take people to and from the island. The festival did not return to the island in this format and was reborn elsewhere as The Great Escape in 2006.

In 2001, control of Cockatoo Island was given to the Sydney Harbour Federation Trust as public, urban park. In 2003 the Harbour Trust completed a Comprehensive Plan for Cockatoo Island and its other sites around Sydney Harbour. The plan proposed making Cockatoo Island a landmark harbour attraction. People would visit the island for sea-based activities, its convict and its ship building history. It would have parklands and spaces for cultural events.

From 18 June to 7 September, Cockatoo Island was used for the Biennale of Sydney, Australia's Festival of Contemporary Art, with 35 artists using buildings and sites across the island to display contemporary art. Over 80,000 visitors attended. The Biennale is being staged on the island in 2010 between 12 May and 1 August.

The island was used in 2009 to shoot an episode from the TV program on the episode 66. The candidates had to make an orienteering race around the island.


Mikael Nilsson

Mikael Nilsson (born 24 June 1978) is a Swedish football player. He plays for Brøndby and Sweden national team.

125||28
16||0
82||0
0||0
223||28

!Total||64||3

Warren Buffett

Warren Buffett (born 30 August 1930) is an American investor who is known for his wealth. He was born in Omaha, Nebraska. He is a primary shareholder, chairman and CEO of the company Berkshire Hathaway. He is the third wealthiest person in the world.

On April 11, 2012, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer, for which he completed treatment in September 2012.


Christoph Spycher

Christoph Spycher (born 30 March 1978) is a Swiss football player. He plays for Young Boys and Switzerland national team.

169||6
102||0
271||6

!Total||46||0

Pentatomoidea

Pentatomoidea is a superfamily of bugs in the Heteroptera suborder. They are often called shield bugs or stink bugs. They are very common, with about 7000 species.

They share a common arrangement of sucking mouthparts. They have a kind of tough shield on their back. It is part of the thorax which goes back over the abdomen. They also have glands between the first and second pair of legs. These glands produce a foul-smelling liquid. The shield and foul liquid work to deter potential predators. Their young, called 'nymphs', also have stink glands.

There are 15 families in this group. One of them, the Pentatomidae are especially known as stink bugs. It is the largest family in Pentatomoidea, with about 900 genera and over 4700 species.

Port of Kaohsiung

The Port of Kaohsiung is the largest port in Taiwan. It is in the southern part of the country, in the city of Kaohsiung.

Martti Ahtisaari

Martti Oiva Kalevi Ahtisaari ( ) (23 June 1937 – 16 October 2023) was a Finnish politician. He was the 10th President of Finland between 1994 until 2000. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2008. He is also a United Nations diplomat and mediator. He was known for his international peace work.

Ahtisaari was a UN Special Envoy at the Kosovo status process negotiations. These negotiations were aimed at resolving a long-running dispute in Kosovo. Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia in 2008. In October 2008, Ahtisaari was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize "for his efforts on several continents and over more than three decades, to resolve international conflicts". The Nobel statement said that Ahtisaari has played a prominent role in resolving many conflicts in Namibia, Indonesia, Kosovo and Iraq, among other areas.

In September 2021, Ahtisaari was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.

Ahtisaari died on 16 October 2023 in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 86.


Guatemala City

Guatemala City is the capital of Guatemala. It is the largest city in Central America. It has a population of 942,348 in the city itself and 2,945,080 including all the suburbs. It was founded in the year 1773 after strong earthquakes damaged the old capital, Antigua Guatemala.

The city has being the center of trade and comerce in Guatemala since it's establishment. The main center of trade and comerce can be found on the Central Market and The Terminal, which recently suffered from a fire. Guatemala City is a center of culture showing this on the Museum for Children, La Sexta (an open pedestrian street) and The National Palace (where the government operated until the 50s).

National Park Service

The National Park Service (NPS) is part of the United States Department of the Interior. The National Park Service looks after many natural landscapes and historic and archaeological places and buildings. Millions of people from around the world visit the national parks. The National Park Service helps keep these parks in order. 

Congress established the National Park service in 1916. The United States Secretary of the Interior a director to head the office in Washington, D.C.

There are more than 400 areas in the National Park System. Of these, 63 are national parks. The Service also keeps the National Register of Historic Places.

The National Park Service has two main jobs. One is to protect America’s national parks. The other is to help visitors enjoy them. Some people think these two jobs conflict with each other.

They say some of the problems of the parks are the result of too many people visiting them. For example, the many vehicles in national parks cause pollution and road damage. And the many visitors cause water and waste systems to have to work hard. 

Some national parks cost money to enter. But they're generally affordable. And parks that charge entry fees must share the money with parks that do not. That means they cannot keep all the money for things like repairs and improvements.

For years, the Park Service has said it does not have enough money to operate at its best. Sometimes visitors protest about conditions in the parks. For example, they say some roads and places to sleep have not been repaired as needed. Critics of the system say many parks lack enough employees. 

Money to support America's national parks comes from the federal government and visitors. It also comes from businesses and individuals through the National Park Foundation. Congress established this organization in 1967. The job of the foundation is to gather private support for America's national parks.

In the nation’s capital, for instance, the Target Corporation provided money to help restore the Washington Monument. Another example is Kodak. That company supports photo competitions at national parks. And there is much to photograph. 

The National Park received additional funding in 2020. This means visitors get extra one day free visit to the parks every August. 



Babysitter

A babysitter, or 'sitter', is a person paid to look after a family's child or children when the parents are away for a short time. Babysitters are often teenage females. Babysitters are different than nannies in that they only supervise, or look after, children for a short while instead of an extended length of time. Babysitters are popular in American and European countries, but now it is getting popular in Asian countries, like Japan and China.

Most of the time, babysitters are in middle school, high school or college. Their age can range from thirteen (13) and up. There are some adults who have in home childcare as well. The type of work for babysitting workers also varies from watching a sleeping child, changing diapers, playing games, preparing meals, to teaching the child to read or even driving (if the age is right), depending on the agreement between parents and babysitter.

In some countries there are organizations that produce training courses for babysitters, such as the American Red Cross, and they mainly focusing on child safety and first aid for infants and children. These classes or courses can be provided at local hospitals, libraries, and sometimes schools. These classes can teach the babysitter to keep both the child, or children, and the babysitter safe in different health and weather conditions. CPR is a common technique used to help someone breathe in an emergency. First aid is the practice of basic healthcare, like tending for a sprained ankle. You can be certified in either of these things. These are important things for a babysitter to learn in their everyday practice.

Noboru Nakayama

Noboru Nakayama (born 7 July 1987) is a former Japanese football player.

10||1||0||0||0||0||10||1
10||1||0||0||0||0||10||1

Cleberson Luis Marques

Cleberson Luis Marques (born 4 July 1984) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for União São João.

14||3||0||0||14||3
14||3||0||0||14||3

Stephen Ireland

Stephen Ireland (born 22 August 1986) is an Irish football player. He plays for Manchester City.

116||14||10||2||6||1||14||3||146||20
116||14||10||2||6||1||14||3||146||20

!Total||6||4

Takashi Sasano

Takashi Sasano (born 12 February 1983) is a Japanese football player.

14||9||1||0||15||9
14||9||1||0||15||9

Yushi Ito

Yushi Ito (born 9 August 1984) is a former Japanese football player.

31||3||3||0||34||3
31||3||3||0||34||3

Kenji Takahashi (footballer, born 1985)

Kenji Takahashi (born 1 January 1985) is a Japanese football player.

9||1||0||0||9||1
9||1||0||0||9||1

Hiroyuki Nitao

Hiroyuki Nitao (born 27 November 1973) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Ivan Saenko

Ivan Saenko (born 17 October 1983) is a Russian football player. He is currently unemployed.

169||39
34||5
203||44

!Total||13||0

Pedro Zaballa

Pedro Zaballa (29 July 1938 – 4 June 1997) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

170||33
170||33

!Total||1||2

Cha Du-ri

Cha Du-Ri (born 25 July 1980) is a South Korean football player. He plays for Celtic and Korea Republic national team.

182||16||12||1||194||17
182||16||12||1||194||17
!Total||41||4

Kim Tae-young (footballer, born 1970)

Kim Tae-Young (born 8 November 1970) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

200||4||0||0||49||1||249||5
200||4||0||0||49||1||249||5

Kim has played in over 100 international matches.
!Total||104||2


Stipe Pletikosa

Stipe Pletikosa (born 8 January 1979) is a Croatian football player. He plays for Spartak Moscow and Croatia national team.

162||1
32||0
63||0
257||1

!Total||81||0

Hyun Young-min

Hyun Young-Min (born 25 December 1979 ) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

141||3||14||0||36||0||colspan="2"|-||191||3
10||0||4||0||colspan="2"|-||3||1||17||1
151||4||18||0||36||0||3||1||208||4

!Total||15||0

Lee Min-sung

Lee Min-Sung (, born 23 June 1973) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player. He was a member of the Korean national team.

123||2
123||2

!Total||64||2

Choi Eun-sung

Choi Eun-Sung (born 5 April 1971) is a South Korean football player. He has played for Korea Republic national team.

288||0||10||0||107||0||405||0
288||0||10||0||107||0||405||0

!Total||1||0

Koffi Ndri Romaric

Koffi Christian Romaric N'Dri (born 4 June 1983), commonly known as Romaric, is an Ivorian former professional footballer and current manager of Ligue 1 club AFAD Djékanou.

44||18
89||7
36||1
169||26

!Total||28||3

Hasan Şaş

Hasan Şaş (born 1 August 1976) is a former Turkish football player. He has played for Turkey national team.

314||36
314||36

!Total||40||2

Okan Buruk

Okan Buruk (born 19 October 1973) is a Turkish football player. He plays for Istanbul and Turkey national team.

278||33
25||2
303||35

!Total||55||8

Out of body experience

An out-of-body-experience (OBE or OOBE) is a feeling of not being where your body is. 

The term "out-of-body experience" was introduced in 1943. It was adopted as an alternative to beliefs such as "astral projection" or "spirit walking". OBEs can be induced by traumatic brain injuries, sensory deprivation, near-death experiences, dissociative and psychedelic drugs, dehydration, sleep disorders, dreaming, and electrical stimulation of the brain. It can also be deliberately induced. One in ten people has an OBE at least once.

OBEs happen most when a person is waking up or going to sleep. Locale II places are more like dream worlds or heavens.

Some people think OBEs are just dreams, but other people say OBEs don't feel like that. Some people think that when others have an OBE, they're like a ghost and the things they see are real. People who think that sometimes call them 'astral projections'. Some scientists like Sam Parnia are doing tests with hidden pictures in hospitals, to see if ill people really can see them when they have NDEs.

American Arts Commemorative Series medallions

American Arts Gold Medallions were made by the U.S. Mint but are not coins.



Implication and inference

Implication and inference are two related words which are opposites.

To imply is to suggest something is true without actually saying it. Examples:


To infer is to see the implication in the sentence. When you realize the meaning of the second sentence, and protest "I have never beaten her", you have made an inference. 

Here are the rules:

An implication is always verbal, but inferring is not always verbal. A non-verbal response might show the indirect message (implication) had been accurately interpreted (inferred) by the receiver. Example: "I hate you"! may contain unspoken implications, according to circumstance and tone of voice. Between two lovers it might mean:


Nonverbal communication

Nonverbal communication (NVC) uses signals without words. Language is not the only way to communicate, there are other means. Much nonverbal communication is unconscious: it happens without people thinking about it.

Nonverbal communication may use gestures and touch, body language or posture, facial expression and eye contact. NVC may be done by clothing and hairstyles. Dance is also a type of nonverbal communication.

Speech has nonverbal elements known as paralanguage. These include voice quality, emotion and speaking style, rhythm, intonation and stress. Likewise, written texts have nonverbal elements such as handwriting style, spatial arrangement of words, or the use of emojis and emoticons, such as :) and 😊

Nonverbal communication has three main aspects: the situation where it takes place, the communicators, and their behavior during the interaction. Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities defines nonverbal communication also one of communication.

Verbal means 'the use of words'. Thus, vocal sounds which are not words are nonverbal. Examples are grunts, or singing a wordless note. Sign languages and writing are understood as verbal communication, as both make use of words – although like speech, paralinguistic elements do occur alongside nonverbal messages. Nonverbal communication can occur through any sensory channel – sight, sound, smell, touch or taste. Nonverbal communication is important because:

"When we speak (or listen), our attention is focused on words rather than body language. But our judgement includes both. An audience is simultaneously processing both verbal and nonverbal cues. Body movements are not usually positive or negative in and of themselves; rather, the situation and the message will determine the appraisal".
Spoken language is often used for communicating information about external events, but non-verbal codes are more used in interpersonal relationships. According to Argyle, there are five primary functions of nonverbal bodily behavior in human communication:

Paralanguage is the study of nonverbal cues of the voice. Various acoustic properties of speech such as tone, pitch and accent, collectively known as prosody, can all give off nonverbal cues. Paralanguage may change the meaning of words.

The linguist George L. Trager developed a classification of voice set, voice qualities, and vocalization.

Clothes, and fashion generally, send messages. We judge others by what we see, at least when we first meet them. Fashion is a reflection of the time and place. The styles show as much about history and the time period as any history book. Clothes often show what people think, and how they live. Fashion is a nonverbal statement. It reflects our time, our beliefs and sometimes our religion.

Body language means how your body is held: the "stance". It tends to show your attitude (state of mind) to what is going on round you. Others pick up the signs in a flash.

Eye contact can indicate interest, attention, and involvement. Gaze includes looking while talking, looking while listening, amount of gaze, and frequency of glances, patterns of fixation, pupil dilation, and blink rate.

Showing strong emotions is powerful communication which is immediately understood. Many of the signals are the same in all cultures, as Darwin showed. Examples of strong emotions shown visually are:
These are listed in order of clarity. No-one mistakes anger or fear, but more subtle emotions may sometimes be missed by the onlooker.

Touch, including handshake and hug, is classic nonverbal communication. It is perhaps the most intimate (closest) thing one person can do to another. What it means depends on the context. Here is a short-list of what we may do when we touch another person:

Most of the arts are forms of non-verbal communication:

Animals other than humans do not have our kind of language, but they make use of non-verbal communication. With many, scent plays a greater role in their communication. Also, social animals can get to understand the meaning of tone of voice, and even understand key words. Say "walkies!" to the family dog... With animals which are social and intelligent, humans can have a genuine relationship. In general, that means animals which are mammals or perhaps pet parrots. Communication of the non-verbal kind is strongly developed in mammals, and mammals are mostly social animals.

Many animals recognise each other's alarm signals (cross-species communication). Indeed, animal communication of one kind or another is almost universal amongst vertebrates.



Triangular number

A triangular number is a number that is the sum of all of the natural numbers up to a certain number. When formed using regularly spaced dots, they tend to form a shape of equilateral triangle, hence the name.

For example, 10 is a "triangular number" because formula_1.

The first 25 triangular numbers are: 0, 1, 3, 6, 10, 15, 21, 28, 36, 45, 55, 66, 78, 91, 105, 120, 136, 153, 171, 190, 210, 231, 253, 276, 300, 325, 351, and so on. 

A triangular number is calculated by the equation:
formula_2.

Skeptical Inquirer

The Skeptical Inquirer is an American science magazine. The Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (CSI) publishes this magazine every other month. This magazine's subtitle is now "The magazine for science and reason". Articles in the magazine are about science and pseudoscience (fake or phony science).

"The mission of the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry is to promote scientific inquiry, critical investigation, and the use of reason in examining controversial and extraordinary claims." The "Skeptical Inquirer" is not a formal scientific journal.

The Skeptical Inquirer criticizes topics, such as homeopathy, astrology, SETI, the creationism-evolution controversy, global warming, AIDS denial, and whether legendary persons such as King Arthur were real. The magazine also includes general interest science articles.

The founder of CSICOP (the original name of CSI) Paul Kurtz listed four policies in 2006:

Several collections of articles from the "Skeptical Inquirer," have been published. Books of collections of articles are:


Animal Collective

Animal Collective is a band originally from Baltimore, Maryland, but now based in New York City. Animal Collective consists of Avey Tare (David Portner), Panda Bear (Noah Lennox), Deakin, also spelled as Deacon or Deaken (Josh Dibb), and Geologist (Brian Weitz).






Comox, British Columbia

Comox is a town in British Columbia on Vancouver Island. Comox is known for having the HMCS Quadra Sea Cadet training facility and Canadian air force base CFB Comox. 

The mayor of Comox is Paul Ives.

The population is 12,136 from the 2006 census.

Official city website

Walled In

Walled In is a 2009 horror/thriller movie that was produced by Kevin DeWalt and directed by Gilles Paquet-Brenner.

The plot of the movie is based on the best-selling novel "Les Emmures" and is about a woman (Mischa Barton) who discovers past residents who were entombed within the walls of a building by a vicious murderer.


Pair production

In physics, pair production can happen when a photon with a lot of energy is near the nucleus of an atom. This most commonly makes an electron and a positron. It can also make other subatomic particles, but it has to make the antiparticle (opposite particle) of that subatomic particle too. The two particles go in opposite directions. 

Pair production is more common if the photon has a lot of energy. It is also more common if the nucleus has a bigger atomic number. Pair production usually happens with energy levels over 25 MeV. Pair production happens sometimes in radiation therapy treatments that use photon beams with a lot of energy.
It is somewhat related to photoelectric effect. 

Acupuncture

Acupuncture is an ancient kind of medical treatment where the doctor sticks needles in certain places of a person's body. The oldest records are at least 2,500 years old. Thin metal needles are pushed into the body at certain places called "acupuncture points". It is a form of alternative medicine, and a key part of Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM). It uses the Chinese philosophy of yin and yang.

There is no general agreement as to whether acupuncture is effective. It is difficult to do good research on this issue.

A 2014 review article said "researchers usually find that it generally does not matter where the needles are inserted, how often (that is, no dose-response effect is observed), or even if needles are actually inserted. In other words, 'sham' or 'placebo' acupuncture generally produces the same effects as 'real' acupuncture and, in some cases, does better". A 2013 analysis found little evidence that the effectiveness of acupuncture on pain (compared to sham) was modified by the location of the needles, the number of needles used, the experience or technique of the practitioner, or by the circumstances of the sessions.

Using the principles of "evidence-based medicine" (scientific research) to research acupuncture is controversial, and has produced different results. Some research suggests acupuncture can alleviate pain but the majority of research suggests that acupuncture's effects are mainly due to placebo. Evidence suggests that any benefits of acupuncture are short-lasting. There is insufficient evidence to support use of acupuncture compared to mainstream medical treatments. Acupuncture is not better than mainstream treatment in the long term.

Chinese doctors have claimed to perform surgery with acupuncture as the only anaesthetic. This is a claim which is difficult to test. In some cases at least, the claim has been fraudulent, because morphine, or other sedatives were delivered through a drip. In 2006, a BBC documentary "Alternative Medicine" filmed a patient undergoing open heart surgery allegedly under acupuncture-induced anesthesia. It was later revealed that the patient had been given a cocktail of anesthetics.

Recently, acupuncture has begun to be used more frequently in the West. In the United States acupuncture has often been used to help control pain and drug and alcohol addiction. It is also often used to treat headaches, asthma, and arthritis. It is widely agreed that acupuncture treatment is safe when done by well-trained doctors using clean needles.

Guidelines from the NICE (National Institute for Health and Care Excellence) is that 
"The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) only recommends considering acupuncture as a treatment option for chronic lower back pain, chronic tension-type headaches and migraine".

Nishogakusha University

The school was founded in 1877. It was established as a university in 1949.

There are two campuses—the Kundan campus and the Kashiwa campus.


Order of Australia

The Order of Australia was created by Elizabeth II, Queen of Australia on 14 February 1975. It was created to show the very best people of Australia. The award is given to notable Australian citizens who make big changes to Australia or internationally with their work. Sometimes the award is given to people who are not citizens of Australia.

The Order has many groups. The awarded person will join one of these groups:


Pedro María Zabalza

Pedro María Zabalza (born 13 April 1944) is a former Spanish football player. He played for the Spain National Team.

203||12
203||12

!Total||7||0

Ilsinho

Ilsinho (born 12 October 1985) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Shakhtar Donetsk.

38||2
33||6
71||8

!Total||1||0

Osamu Adachi

Osamu Adachi (born 19 August 1972) is a former Japanese football player.

Akihiro Kameda

Akihiro Kameda (born 16 December 1966) is a former Japanese football player.

Angelos Basinas

Angelos Basinas (born 3 January 1976) is a Greek football player. He plays for Portsmouth and Greece national team.

213||27
75||1
3||0
291||28

!Total||100||7

Claude Davis

Claude Davis (born 6 March 1979) is a Jamaican former footballer who played as a defender. He previously played for Portmore United (Jamaica), Preston North End, Sheffield United, Derby County, Crystal Palace, Crawley Town and Rotherham United. He has also played international football for Jamaica.

154||4||7||0||7||0||168||4
154||4||7||0||7||0||168||4

!Total||65||2





Tommaso Rocchi

Tommaso Rocchi (born 19 September 1977) is an Italian football player. He plays for Lazio.

433||140||34||14||16||7||483||161
433||140||34||14||16||7||483||161

!Total||3||0

Futoshi Ikeda

Futoshi Ikeda (born October 4th 1970) is a former Japanese football player.

53||1||1||0||7||0||61||1
53||1||1||0||7||0||61||1

Denílson (footballer, born 1988)

Denílson Pereira Neves (born 16 February 1988) is a Brazilian football player who last played for Grêmio Esportivo Brasil.

São Paulo

Arsenal

Al Wadha

Brazil U17

Maurizio Ganz

Maurizio Ganz (born 13 October 1968) is a former Italian football player.

500||158
23||11
523||169

Rami Shaaban

Rami Shaaban (born 30 June 1975) is a Swedish football player. He has played for Sweden national team.

148||0
9||0
9||0
43||0
209||0

!Total||16||0

Nawaf Al-Temyat

Nawaf Al-Temyat (born 28 June 1976) is a former Saudi Arabian football player. He has played for Saudi Arabia national team.

!Total||||

Clemente Rodríguez

Clemente Rodríguez (born 31 July 1981) is an Argentine football player. He plays for Estudiantes La Plata and Argentina national team.

109||7
71||3
17||0
197||10

!Total||9||1

Martín Palermo

Martín Palermo (born 7 November 1973) is an Argentine football player. He plays for Boca Juniors and Argentina national team.

Appearances and goals by national team and year

International goals

Estudiantes

Boca Juniors

Individual

Unión Española


Sheamus

Stephen Farrelly () (born 28 January 1978) is an Irish professional wrestler and actor, best known by his ring name Sheamus, . He is signed with WWE and competes on the Raw program, currently tag teaming with Cesaro, where they are former 2 time Raw Tag Team Champions.

Before joining WWE, Farrelly was also a two-time International Heavyweight Champion during his tenure in Irish Whip Wrestling. He is a three-time World Champion, having held the WWE Championship on two occasions and is the current World Heavyweight Champion in his first reign. He also won the King of the Ring in 2010 and the Royal Rumble in 2012, as well as the WWE United States Championship once.

Farrelly was born in Cabra, Dublin and was raised within the city. His father, Mark, was an amateur bodybuilder. Farrelly speaks fluent Gaelic, having attended Scoil Caoimhin Primary and Secondary School, a Gaelscoil During his school years he sang in the Palestrina Choir until the age of thirteen, as part of which he appeared on the Late Late Show and Live at Three television programmes. He played Gaelic football for the Erin's Isle team where he was declared sports star of the month. He also played rugby for the National College of Ireland, where he gained a National Diploma.

Farrelly is a former IT technician. He also worked as security for a nightclub which led to him occasionally working personal security for Bono and Larry Mullen Jr. of U2 as well as Denise van Outen.

Farrelly's inspiration into a professional wrestling career came from watching both British wrestling from ITV's "World of Sport" and American wrestling from the World Wrestling Federation on Sky One. On the advice of Bret Hart, Farrelly began training in Larry Sharpe's Monster Factory wrestling school in April 2002. Six weeks later he officially debuted as a fan favorite under the name Sheamus O'Shaunessy against Robert Pigeon. It was during this time that he developed the nickname the "Irish Curse" after low-blowing an opponent. He suffered a serious neck injury after botching a hip toss which sidetracked his career for two years.

Farrelly developed his wrestling character by drawing on Celtic mythology. He wanted to portray an Irish warrior. Going to a Gaelscoil, Farelly grew up aware of the four cycles of Irish mythology and incorporated the sword and axe-wielding imagery into his gimmick. This included the design of his own pendant, the crossos, which combines the Celtic cross with a Celtic War sword to illustrate his character's "indigenous origins with a hybrid of warrior strength matched with a strong ethical centre."

In May 2004, still using the ring name Sheamus O'Shaunessy, Farrelly returned to wrestling at the newly opened Irish Whip Wrestling (IWW) school in Dublin. He then made his debut match for the promotion at their Mount Temple show on 9 July against Mark Burns, who he easily defeated. He went on to win a battle royal the following month.

O'Shaunessy spent the rest of the year engaged in a rivalry with Vid Vain after losing to his tag team partner Joey Cabray the same night as winning the battle royal. He earned a place against Alex Shane in a guest match for the Frontier Wrestling Alliance (FWA) British Heavyweight Championship. Despite putting on a strong showing and being close to winning, his friend Red Vinny interfered in the match and cost him the championship.

In March 2005 he avenged this loss by teaming with Raven to defeat Shane and Vinny. This victory was part of a winning streak over the end of March where O'Shaunessy wrestled twice a day on 24, 25, 26 – including an 11 man Rumble win – and 27 March with a standard tag match and a ten-man tag team match. This series of victories, aside from one loss by disqualification to Vain, put him good stead for the one-day tournament held in County Kildare to crown the inaugural IWW International Heavyweight Champion. On March 28, O'Shaunessy put an end to his main rivalries when he defeated Vinny and then Vain in the quarter and semi finals, respectively. He met Darren Burridge in the final match and won to become IWW's first champion. 

O'Shaunessy's first successful title defence came against Burridge the following month but Burridge would not let his grudge rest, continuing to attack O'Shaunessy and finally costing him the title during a match against D'Lo Brown on 29 May. O'Shaunessy earned revenge in July by defeating Burridge in a grudge match, though lost to him in an arm wrestling contest the following day. Still, he continued on his quest to regain the title by winning a contendership three way match against Vinny and Red Viper in August setting him up to regain the International Heavyweight Championship in October from Brown in Newcastle upon Tyne.

After defending his title against Vampiro O'Shaunessy found himself embroiled in a new feud with rising Scottish wrestling star "Thee" Drew Galloway, whom he later admitted was his toughest opponent. On 28 January 2006, he had his first championship match. The rivalry quickly took on a patriotic flavour, with Galloway's blue colours of Scotland clashing O'Shaunnesy's green colours of Ireland.

With Galloway defeated, O'Shaunessy continued to dominate by again defending his title against Vampiro on 17 March. Galloway earned himself a two out of three falls match against the champion the following day which O'Shaunessy won two falls to one; the next day produced the same result in a match O'Shaunessy claimed was his best on the independent circuit. With Galloway briefly answered, O'Shaunessy took on the newcomer Pierre Marcaeu and defeated him in two successive title matches only to find Galloway had earned another shot. With their rivalry intensifying, Galloway's next challenge to O'Shaunnesy was given the stipulation of a Last Man Standing match. O'Shaunessy retained the title, as he also did in June with the same stipulation. Finally, on 28 August, O'Shaunessy lost the IwW International Heavyweight Championship in a singles match to Galloway in what would be his last appearance with the promotion.
O'Shaunessy travelled to Great Britain to make appearances on the British independent circuit. In April 2006 he was brought into Wales' Celtic Wrestling promotion as a contender for their top title but was defeated by the champion, Chris Recall. Later that year in November, he was employed by London's LDN Wrestling to appear on their "Capital TV" show where, after quickly defeating William Hill, he gained an LDN Championship match against Tex Benedict which ended with Benedict winning by disqualification and O'Shaunessy attacking him after the match.

During his time overseas he worked for Brian Dixon's All Star Wrestling, which gave him a taste of large audiences that he had not experienced in Ireland, as well as wrestling English veteran Robbie Brookside and other British wrestling luminaries, including Nigel McGuinness and Doug Williams. He also represented the UK in a Battle of the Nations tag team match between the UK and Austria alongside Drew McDonald and The Celtic Warrior in a losing effort against Chris Raaber, Michael Kovac & Robert Ray Kreuzer at the European Wrestlng Association's Night of Gladiators.

O'Shaunessy also brought with him to Britain his long-standing rivalry with Galloway. O'Shaunessy went back to Scotland to take part in BCW's Path To Glory tour, defeating Galloway on the first night but conceding a loss the to him next night in May. Though their feud finished in Ireland in August 2006, it continued on across the Irish Sea when the two wrestled for the umbrella promotion Real Quality Wrestling (RQW) the following year. The two first met during April's "Taking On The World" show which ended in a double countout. The lack of a decision led to a rematch in June, and one of O'Shaunessy's last on the independent circuit, where Galloway picked up the victory in a No Holds Barred match ahead of an RQW Heavyweight Championship match.

On 13 November 2006, O'Shaunessy appeared on the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) show "Raw" at the Manchester Evening News Arena as part of the security team ejecting D-Generation X from ringside only to later receive a Pedigree from Triple H. The following year in April he received another set of try out matches in Milan and London against Galloway as well as Stu Sanders and WWE talent Jimmy Wang Yang and Monster Factory alumnus Domino. This led to an offer for signing a developmental contract for WWE at which point he relocated to the United States.

O'Shaunessy debuted for the WWE developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW) on 2 October in a double-debut match with a win over Bryan Kelly. While wrestling regularly, he was not part of any long feuds but did wrestle with a number of short-term tag teams alongside Hade Vansen and Jake Hager before teaming with Kafu (and managed by Dave Taylor) in the tournament to crown the inaugural FCW Florida Tag Team Champions. They advanced past the first round after defeating The British Lions ("Thee Superstar" Christopher Gray and "The Rascal" Tommy Taylor) but lost to Brad Allen and Nick Nemeth in the second round.

By September, O'Shaunessy had focused his attention to singles competition and wrestled his way to the top of the card, successfully defeating former partner Hager for the Florida Heavyweight Championship. He defended the title against Hager on 23 October and took on a number of competitors, with Eric Escobar and Joe Hennig consistently earning themselves into contention. Eventually, on 11 December, O'Shaunessy lost the title to Escobar in a four-way match also involving Hennig and Drew McIntyre (formerly Drew Galloway).

O'Shaunessy spent 2009 continuing to chase gold, earning two shots over January and February at the Florida Tag Team Champions Johnny Curtis and Tyler Reks but he and Ryback were unsuccessful in both attempts. In March he challenged the two for the titles once again, this time with McIntyre as his partner but could not defeat them, nor could he defeat McIntyre for the Florida Heavyweight Championship the following month. He received a series of chances throughout the rest of the year but could not win any more titles before being called up to WWE television, unsuccessfully challenging Justin Angel for the Florida Heavyweight Championship in November.

On 22 July 2008 O'Shaunessy worked a dark match at a "SmackDown" taping, losing to R-Truth. The following year in May, O'Shaunessy began appearing at the Raw brand's house shows, and on both 8 and 9 May he defeated Jamie Noble along with another dark match victory over Noble before an episode of "Raw".

On the 30 June 2009 episode of "ECW", Farrelly made his unannounced debut as a villain under the shortened ring name of Sheamus, quickly defeating a local competitor. Sheamus soon entered into a critically well-received rivalry with Goldust after defeating him on 29 July. After exchanging victories in the following weeks the two appeared on the "Abraham Washington Show" talk segment leading to a No Disqualification match on 1 September which was won by Sheamus. Sheamus then began a feud with Shelton Benjamin which was hot-shot into a deciding match on 27 October which Sheamus won.

His rivalry with Benjamin ended because Sheamus had already been moved to the Raw brand. He made his "Raw" debut by defeating Jamie Noble on 26 October. In the following weeks, he continued to attack Noble causing him to retire, and, in lieu of competition, assaulted the timekeeper and commentator Jerry Lawler on November 16 at Madison Square Garden. Sheamus won a "break-through" battle royal for wrestlers who had never won a world championship, to become the number one contender to John Cena's WWE Championship. At the contract signing immediately afterwards, Sheamus put Cena through the table as the Raw guest host Jesse Ventura announced it would be a Table match. On 13 December, at the pay-per-view, Sheamus defeated Cena to win the WWE Championship, his first championship in WWE, making him the first Irish-born WWE Champion. The following night on "Raw", Sheamus was awarded the 2009 Breakout Superstar of the Year Slammy Award. On 21 February, Sheamus lost the WWE Championship at the Elimination Chamber pay-per-view in the Elimination Chamber match after he was eliminated by Triple H. During the match, Sheamus suffered a concussion and as a result did not attend "Raw" the following night. Upon his return, he took revenge on Triple H with an attack to set up a match at WrestleMania XXVI that Sheamus lost. The following month at Extreme Rules, Sheamus attacked Triple H at the beginning of the show and later defeated him in a Street Fight. After a series of kicks to the head to win, he continued his assault after the match finished resulting in Triple H being written off television for ten months.
On 20 June, at the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view, Sheamus won a fatal four-way match, following interference from The Nexus that allowed him to pin John Cena, thus winning the WWE Championship, and beginning his second World Championship reign. He went on to defeat Cena a third time in a steel cage match to retain the championship at the WWE Money in the Bank pay-per-view, and against Randy Orton at SummerSlam, which ended in disqualification, meaning that Sheamus retained his title. At Night of Champions, Sheamus was pinned by Randy Orton in a Six-Pack Elimination Challenge for the WWE Championship.

He bounced back on 29 November, with wins over Kofi Kingston and John Morrison to become King of the Ring, after receiving a bye through the second round. As King Sheamus, he faced Morrison again at the PPV for a future WWE Championship match but lost the Ladder match. Going into 2011, he continued to lose to Morrison in a mixture of singles and tag team matches. Triple H returned on 28 February and took revenge for his scripted ten month injury by putting him through the announce table. Right after that, Sheamus was defeated by Evan Bourne who returned to Raw after a four month injury. On 7 March, after losing a match against Daniel Bryan, Sheamus challenged him to a rematch with his WWE career on the line against Bryan's United States Championship. He won his match against Bryan the following week, winning his first United States Title. 

In the 2011 Supplemental Draft, Sheamus was drafted to the SmackDown brand. Although he took the United States Championship with him, he lost it back to the Raw brand at Extreme Rules when Kofi Kingston defeated him in a Table match. On the 3 June episode of "SmackDown", Sheamus lost a World Heavyweight Championship match to Randy Orton due to biased refereeing from Christian, beginning a turn from a villainous character to a fan favorite over the following weeks. Two weeks later, he was put in a match against Christian with a stipulation that if Sheamus won, he would be able to compete in the World Heavyweight Championship match at WWE Capitol Punishment. However he was unsuccessful in the match, and was he was punted by Randy Orton after the match. Sheamus' face turn culminated in him attacking Mark Henry for being a bully, though he lost to him by count-out at Summerslam. After this loss, Sheamus went on a 14 match winning streak that ended after outside interference from Christian, with whom he had been feuding. During this time, Sheamus defeated Christian in three consecutive matches at Hell in a Cell, Vengeance, and on "Smackdown". He then went on a 12 match winning streak building towards winning the 2012 Royal Rumble. He entered the match twenty-second and won by last eliminating Chris Jericho to earn a main event championship match at WrestleMania XXVIII.

Sheamus attacked World Heavyweight Champion Daniel Bryan after he retained his title in the Elimination Chamber match; confirming he would face Bryan at WrestleMania. At WrestleMania XXVIII, Sheamus defeated Bryan in eighteen seconds to win his first World Heavyweight Championship. On the 6 April episode of "Smackdown", Sheamus was defeated by Alberto Del Rio via disqualification, thus earning Del Rio a future title match. At Extreme Rules, Sheamus successfully defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Bryan in a two out of three falls match. At Over the Limit, Sheamus defeated Randy Orton, Chris Jericho, and Alberto Del Rio in a fatal-four-way match to retain the World Heavyweight Championship. At No Way Out, Sheamus defeated Dolph Ziggler to again retain the World Heavyweight Championship.

After losing the WWE World Championship to Roman Reigns, Sheamus would go to tag team with Cesaro and win the Raw Tag Team Championships, before losing them to Karl Anderson and Luke Gallows.

Farrelly played the role of Two Ton in the 2008 movie "The Escapist", which starred Joseph Fiennes and Brian Cox. He had a small role in the 2006 Irish film, "3 Crosses", and was a Celtic Warrior Zombie in the opening sequence of the 2009 movie "Assault of Darkness" opposite Vinnie Jones. He appeared on several episodes of the famous Irish sock puppet, Dustin the Turkey's show "Dustin's Daily News" where he had a rivalry with Dustin. It ended with Dustin and Sheamus having a "fight", which Dustin won. He also appeared on "The Podge and Rodge Show" as a leprechaun wrestler, along with IWW alumnus George McFly.




Glenmore, Wisconsin

Glenmore is a town in Brown County of the state of Wisconsin in the United States. 1,187 people were living in Glenmore as of 2000. Shirley can be found in Glenmore.


Rover 600 Series

The Rover 600 Series is a car produced by Rover. It was based on the Honda Accord which shares its platform. It replaced the Austin Montego in 1993 and in 1999 it was replaced by cheaper versions of the Rover 75.

It was only available as 4-door saloon with 4-cylinder engines.


Radymno

Radymno is a town and commune in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in Jarosław district, Poland. Between 1975–1998 the town was in Przemyskie Voivodeship.

In the past Radymno was a town of people with different faiths: Roman Catholic, Judaic and Greek Catholic. Most of the residents are now Roman Catholic. The town is in the Przemyśl Gate on a plateau in the foothills of the Carpathian Mountains, in the valley of the San River, on the left bank of the Rada River, on the international road A4 which runs from Jędrzychowice-Korczowa (State Border) to Lviv (Ukraine).




Jazz Festival Radymno




Radymno is a small town, but it is highly developed in terms of sport. Currently in the city there are 4 sports club.

It is a football men’s club. Military&Civil Sports Society operated in Radymno since 1934. Later, the name of this club has changed. Until now its name is MKS Radymno. The team has its own stadium, where we can find about 1000 seats. At the moment, MKS Radymno plays in the Fifth Division. There are 3 sections age. Currently, Grzegorz Olech is the president of the club. (Official page [http://mksradymno.futbolowo.pl/ <nowiki>[1]</nowiki>] )

It is a volleyball men’s club. “Żagiel” is a relatively young club, because it has started its activity in 2010. That’s the only club in the city, in which men can play the volleyball. There are 2 sections: senior and cadet. The senior's team play in the Second Podkarpacie League. Cadets play in Podkarpacie League Cadets. Zdzisław Koniuch is the founder and the president of the club. (Official page [http://www.zagiel.org/ <nowiki>[2]</nowiki>] )

It is a volleyball women’s club. Women’s passion and involvement womens in volleyball were the main factors why this club was created. That was in 2012. Feniks Radymno has 2 sections: junior and youngster. From the beginning the team play in Amateur Volleyball League. Every year the club gets one of three places on the podium. Also every year Feniks with the president of the city are organize New Year's female Volleyball Tournament. (Official page [http://feniksradymno.blogspot.com/ <nowiki>[3]</nowiki>] )

It is the youngest club in the city. The club was created by involved parents, in 2015. Giganci Radymno is mainly football club, but it has also a chess section. In the club yoy can find children aged 7 to 13 years. (Official page [http://uksgiganciradymno.futbolowo.pl/ <nowiki>[4]</nowiki>] )


Volkswagen Golf Plus

The Volkswagen Golf Plus is a minivan based on the Volkswagen Golf.

The first generation of the Golf Plus were launched in 2005, and were based on the Volkswagen Golf Mk5.

The second generation of the Golf Plus were launched in 2009, and were based on the Volkswagen Golf Mk6.


Sexual selection

Sexual selection is a special kind of natural selection. It is a theory of Charles Darwin that certain traits can be explained by competition "within" a species.

Darwin defined sexual selection as the effects of the "struggle between the individuals of one sex, generally the males, for the possession of the other sex". It is usually males who fight each other. Traits selected by male combat are called secondary sexual characteristics. They include horns, antlers, which are sometimes referred to as 'weapons'. 

Traits selected by mate choice are called 'ornaments'. Females often prefer to mate with males with external ornaments exaggerated features of morphology. Genes that enable males to develop impressive ornaments or fighting ability may simply show off greater disease resistance or a more efficient metabolism. This idea is known as the 'good genes' hypothesis. Sexual selection is still being researched and discussed today.

One author says studies on sexual selection have something important to tell us, namely "how males and females came to be what they are".

Ernst Mayr said:

Today, biologists would say that certain evolutionary traits can be explained by competition between members of the "same" species. Competition can be "before" or "after" sexual intercourse.



Finally, sexual conflict is said to occur between breeding partners, sometimes leading to an evolutionary arms race between males and females. This is based on the simple fact that the interests of males and females in reproduction are fundamentally different. 

Males: their interest is to mate with a large number of completely faithful females, thus spreading their genes widely in the population.

Females: Their interest is to mate with a large number of fit males, thus producing a large number of fit and "varied" offspring.

Female mating preferences are widely recognized as being responsible for the rapid and divergent evolution of male secondary sexual traits. Females of many animal species prefer to mate with males with external ornaments – exaggerated features such as elaborate sex organs. Alternatively, genes that enable males to develop impressive ornaments or fighting ability may simply show off greater disease resistance or a more efficient metabolism. "These" features would be likely to be inherited by offspring of both sexes.


Sabine Bergmann-Pohl

Sabine Bergmann-Pohl (born 20 April 1946) is a German conservative politician. She was the last head of state of East Germany from 5 April to 2 October 1990. On 3 October, East and West Germany were reunited.

She was born in Eisenach and studied medicine. She joined the CDU in 1981 and, after East Germany's only free elections, held in March 1990, became a member of the Volkskammer. On 5 April 1990 she became the President of the Volkskammer and, as the Council of State of the German Democratic Republic had been abolished, head of state of East Germany - the only woman to hold the post.
She met with former United States President Ronald Reagan in East Berlin before reunification and said "Mr. President, we have much to thank you for." 

Upon reunification she was named a Minister Without Portfolio. She was Federal Minister for Special Affairs from 1990 to 1991, and Under-Secretary of State for Health between 1991 and 1998. She also became a member of the Bundestag.

She retired from the Bundestag in September 2002. She is a Lutheran.

Google Sidewiki

Google Sidewiki is an online service from Google launched on September 23, 2009. Google Sidewiki is an extension for web browser. You have Sidewiki for Internet Explorer and Firefox through Google Toolbar. You have Sidewiki for Google Chrome browser through an add-on. You have Sidewiki for other browsers like Safari as a bookmarklet. When you visit a website with Google Sidewiki you can press on Sidewiki button. It opens a window where you can read others' comments or write your own comments. The owner of the website can not stop you from doing this.

César (footballer, born 1974)

César Aparecido Rodrigues (born 24 October 1974) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

61||9||||||3||0||64||9
126||16||21||3||23||3||170||22
187||25||21||3||26||3||134||31

!Total||2||0

Shoji Akimitsu

Shoji Akimitsu (born 7 May 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Javier Navarro

Javier Navarro (born 6 February 1974) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

257||4
257||4

!Total||4||0

Paul Telfer

Paul Telfer (born 21 October 1971) is a former Scottish football player. He has played for Scotland national team.

496||26
57||1
553||27

!Total||1||0

Minoru Ueda

Minoru Ueda (born 20 June 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Kazutoshi Miura

Kazutoshi Miura (born 7 March 1977) is a former Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0

Zé Maria (footballer, born 1973)

José Marcelo Ferreira (born 25 July 1973), commonly known as Zé María, is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazil national team.

121||10
218||19
14||0
353||29



!Total||25||0

Onagraceae

Onagraceae is a family of flowering plants, beloging to the myrtle order comprising 21 genera concentrated in the temperate region of the New World. The family is characterized by flowers with parts mostly on the plan of four (four sepals, four petals, four or eight stamens), but there are some exceptions. The ovary is inferior (i.e., below the flower proper).

Yusuke Amano

Yusuke Amano (born 10 April 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

40||2
40||2

Shinya Tamaoki

Shinya Tamaoki (born 8 October 1988) is a Japanese football player.

0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0
0||0||0||0||0||0||0||0

Damiano Zenoni

Damiano Zenoni (born 23 April 1977) is an Italian football player. He plays for Parma.

402||10||31||1||10||0||443||11
402||10||31||1||10||0||443||11

!Total||1||0

Giampiero Pinzi

Giampiero Pinzi (born 11 March 1981) is an Italian football player. He plays for ChievoVerona.

216||11||17||1||10||1||243||13
216||11||17||1||10||1||243||13

!Total||1||0

Tamon Machida

Tamon Machida (born 14 February 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Sony Sendai.

92||27||6||2||98||29
92||27||6||2||98||29

Hideyuki Nakamura

65||5||4||0||69||5
65||5||4||0||69||5

Suguru Hashimoto

Suguru Hashimoto (born 16 June 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Gifu.

4||0||||||4||0
37||1||4||0||41||1
41||1||4||0||45||1


Yusuke Tasaka

Yusuke Tasaka (born 8 July 1985) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kawasaki Frontale.

37||3||4||0||6||0||3||0||50||3
37||3||4||0||6||0||3||0||50||3


Blood atonement

Blood atonement was once a teaching of the Mormon Church. Brigham Young first preached about blood atonement in the 1850s, though Joseph Smith may have thought of it first. 

Blood atonement taught that murder is so bad that the only way the murderer could pay for their sins was to be killed. This was sometimes called "blood-for-blood" punishment because it was used to punish murder. However, sometimes it was also used for non-violent crimes, like denying or leaving the church or marrying someone of a different race. 

The idea of blood atonement led to firing squads being allowed in Utah for many years. It also may have led to the , where Mormons killed some emigrants from Arkansas.

At one time, most Mormons believed in blood atonement. Today, only some fundamentalists do.  

František Straka

František Straka (born 28 May 1958) is a former Czech football player. He has played for Czechoslovakia national team.

223||10
208||8
431||18

!Total||35||0

Luís Boa Morte

Luís Boa Morte (born 4 August 1977) is a former Portuguese football player.

Arsenal

Fulham

Orlando Pirates

Individual


John Michael Wright

John Michael Wright (May 1617 – July 1694) was a British portrait painter in the Baroque style. 

Wright was taught in Edinburgh by the Scots painter George Jamesone. He became a famous artist and scholar during his long journey in Rome. There, he entered the Accademia di San Luca, and came to know some of the most important artists of his time. He was hired by Archduke Leopold Wilhelm of Austria, the governor of the Spanish Netherlands in 1655. His job was to find artworks in Oliver Cromwell's England in 1655. 

He settled in England from 1656. He served there as a court painter before and after the English Restoration. A Roman Catholic, he was favoured by the Stuart court. Hired by both Charles II and James II, he saw many of the political experiences of the era. In the last years of the Stuart rule he went back to Rome as part of an embassy to Pope Innocent XI.

Today, Wright is seen as one of the most important British painters of his time. He is important mostly because of the special realism he used in his portraits. Perhaps because of his unusual experiences, he was favoured by people of the highest level of society. This was surprising in an age in which foreign artists were usually more liked. Wright's paintings of royalty and aristocracy are in the collections of many great galleries today.

John Michael Wright, who would later sign himself ""Anglus"" or ""Scotus"", is of uncertain origin. The diarist John Evelyn called him a Scotsman. Horace Walpole and his later biographer, Verne, agreed with this. 

But in 1700, Thomas Hearne claimed that Wright was born in Shoe Lane, London. He added that after Wright became a Roman Catholic when he was an adolescent, he was taken to Scotland by a priest. A baptismal record, dated 25 May 1617, for a "Mighell Wryghtt", son of James Wright, described as a tailor and a citizen of London, in London, seems to agree with this claim.


Frank Leboeuf

Frank Leboeuf (born 22 January 1968) is a former French football player. He has played for France national team.

345||61
144||17
17||6
506||84

!Total||48||4

Öland

Öland is an island on the east coast of Sweden. It has a total area of , making it the second biggest Swedish island. Öland is connected with Sweden via a bridge.

Gräsö

Gräsö is an island on the east coast of Sweden. It has a total area of .

Vicente del Bosque

Vicente del Bosque (born 23 December 1949) is a former Spanish football player and coach. He spent almost all of his playing career in the Real Madrid team. He was also a member of the Spanish national team between 1975 and 1980, during which he represented his country on 18 occasions.

He debuted for the Spanish national team on 17 April 1975 against Romania and on 15 June 1980, he played his last international match against Belgium. As an international, Del Bosque scored one goal, on 13 December 1978 against Cyprus. He was included in the Spanish squad for the 1980 European Championship.

In 1984, after Del Bosque retired from football, he was appointed coach of Real Madrid's youth academy.

288||20
288||20

!Total||17||1

Xenophanes

Xenophanes of Colophon, c.570 – c.475 , was a Greek philosopher, poet, and social and religious critic.

Our knowledge of his views comes from fragments of his poetry, surviving as quotations by later Greek writers. To judge from these, his poetry criticized and satirized a wide range of ideas. This included Homer and Hesiod, the belief in the pantheon of anthropomorphic gods and the Greeks' love of athletics and athleticism. He is the earliest Greek poet who claims explicitly to be writing for future generations, creating "fame that will reach all of Greece, and never die while the Greek kind of songs survives".

Xenophanes' surviving writings display a skepticism that became more commonly expressed during the 4th century BC. He satirized the polytheistic beliefs of earlier Greek poets and of his own contemporaries. "Homer and Hesiod" one fragment states, "have attributed to the gods all sorts of things that are matters of reproach and censure among men: theft, adultery, and mutual deception". Sextus Empiricus reported that such ideas were savored by Christian apologists. Xenophanes is quoted, memorably, in Clement of Alexandria, arguing against the conception of gods as fundamentally anthropomorphic:
But if cattle and horses and lions had handsor could paint with their hands and create works such as men do,horses like horses and cattle like cattlealso would depict the gods' shapes and make their bodiesof such a sort as the form they themselves have...Ethiopians say that their gods are snubnosed and blackThracians that they are pale and red-haired.

His remark "God is one, supreme among gods and men, and not like mortals in body or in mind". led some to claim he was the first monotheist. Others pointed out that he still referred to other gods.

Modus tollens

Modus tollendo tollens (Latin: "the way that denies by denying") is a valid, simple argument form in classical logic. It is referred to as denying the consequent. It is closely related to another valid form of argument, "modus ponens" or affirming the antecedent. "Modus tollens" is a very common rule of inference, and takes this form:

Metta Sandiford-Artest

Metta Sandiford-Artest (born Ronald William Artest Jr., November 13, 1979 ) is an American former basketball player. He played for the Los Angeles Lakers in the NBA. Artest changed his name to Metta World Peace in 2011, and changed his name to Metta Sandiford-Artest in 2020.

Artest was drafted out of St. John's University by the Chicago Bulls and was known primarily as a defensive stopper. Later, he played for the Indiana Pacers, where he was involved in one of the most vicious NBA fights of all-time. After leaving Indiana in disgrace, he played briefly for a couple teams before settling with the Lakers and becoming the "Robin" to Kobe Bryant's "Batman." 

Today Ron Artest is respected in the NBA for his loyalty, and his quality play for the Lakers shows that he was worthy of a second chance at an NBA career.

On the Origin of Species

On the Origin of Species is the famous book by Charles Darwin. It gave evidence for evolution, and suggested what had caused evolution to happen.

Its full title was "On the origin of species by means of natural selection, or the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life".

It was published in London by John Murray in November 1859. It was translated into many languages, and has been in print ever since. The title since the 6th edition of 1872 has been "The Origin of Species". This is the most important single book in the biological sciences, and its main ideas are well-supported by modern research.

Darwin's book did two things. First, it provided a great deal of evidence that evolution has taken place. Second, it proposed a theory to explain "how" evolution works. That theory is natural selection. Evolution by natural selection is the key to understanding biology, and the diversity of life on Earth.


Darwin's ideas on the connection between natural selection and inheritance were unclear, mainly because the process of genetic inheritance was unknown at that time. This was solved in the mid-20th century by the modern evolutionary synthesis, which showed that Gregor Mendel's genetics was compatible with evolution in small steps. Darwin made almost no mention of the evolution of the human race, though most of the controversy raged around this topic. Darwin eventually published "The Descent of Man" in 1871.

The "Origin" was a serious blow to all who interpreted the Bible literally. However, even in 1860, there were many Christians who thought some of the Old Testament could not be literally true. Even the early Church Fathers had not interpreted Genesis literally. Today, both the Anglican and Catholic churches hold that evolution is not inconsistent with their beliefs.

The "Origin" marked a big step in the history of science. Before it, religious leaders often gave their opinions on science; after – though it took time – science increasingly became the business of professional scientists. Darwin's friend Thomas Henry Huxley devoted many years to supporting Darwin, and opposing any interference of religion in science.

All aspects of biology have been affected by evolution. Before Darwin, most biology was natural history, done by dedicated amateurs. After Darwin, most biology was done by professionals trained in modern techniques. The book helped this change by providing evolution as the explanation of how living things came to be as they are.

Darwin's aims were twofold: to show that species had not been separately created, and to show that natural selection had been the chief agent of change.

Many readers were already familiar with the idea of evolution from a book published anonymously in 1844, "Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation" (actually by Robert Chambers). In his introduction Darwin ridicules that work as failing to provide a mechanism (a way it could happen).

The first four chapters lay out his case that selection in nature, caused by the struggle for existence, is analogous to the selection of variations under domestication.

Darwin presents supporting facts drawn from many disciplines. The idea was to show that his theory could explain a myriad of observations from many fields of natural history that were inexplicable if species had been individually created.


There were six editions of the "Origin" during Darwin's life. The second, in 1860, was almost the same as the first. The sixth edition bore the title: "The origin of species".

There were many changes in the text in later editions. In the fifth edition of 1869 Darwin used Herbert Spencer's phrase 'survival of the fittest' for the first time, in the heading of chapter 4.

In the sixth and last edition, Darwin uses the word 'evolution' for the first time in this book. There is a new chapter 7 inserted:

The "Origin" was translated during Darwin's lifetime into Danish, Dutch, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Polish, Serbian, Spanish and Swedish, and into 18 more languages since. Translations into some languages, such as French and German, were done more than once.

There are some reference works which help scholars to do research on the "Origin".

Peckham, Morse (ed) 1959. "The Origin of Species: a variorum text". University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia. A variorum contains all variants of a text; this records every change made by Darwin to the first edition up to 1890.

Horblit H.D. 1964. "One hundred books famous in science". Grolier Club. Contains the first full bibliographic description of the first edition.

Barrett, Paul H., Weinshank D.J. and Gottleber T.T. 1961, reprint 1981. "A concordance to Darwin's "Origin of Species", first edition". Cornell, Ithaca & London. This takes every substantive word in the book in alphabetical order, and lists every occurrence with context and page number. Same idea as concordances to the Bible.

Stauffer R.C. (ed) 1975. "Charles Darwin's Natural Selection being the second part of his big species book written from 1856 to 1858". Edited from manuscript. Cambridge.

Freeman, Richard Broke 1965, 2nd ed 1977. "The works of Charles Darwin: an annotated bibliographical handlist". Dawson, Folkestone. Includes all the editions and reprints of all Darwin's works, as far as could be ascertained. Also, an on-line version with a few later corrections:





Armitage Shanks

Armitage Shanks is a porcelain sanitary-ware company that started in 1969. Its headquarters are in Stoke-on-Trent, United Kingdom. Its main product is toilets, but it also makes bathroom fixtures and plumbing supplies. They have eight factories. A punk rock music band from the 1990s is named after them.

Armitage Shanks is made up of two older companies. Armitage started in 1817, when Thomas Bond started a pottery at Armitage, in Staffordshire. They began making toilets in the 1850s. The second company was Shanks which started making toilets at Barrhead near Glasgow, Scotland in 1878. The two companies joined together in 1969.

Standard of living

Standard of living usually refers to the economic level of an individual, family, or nation. People can measure it by the value of the goods and services produced or used by the individual, family, or nation in a period of time.

Article 25 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights affirms a good standard of living as a human right with enough food, clothing, housing, social security and aid when having difficult situation, such as joblessness, illness, disability, losing one's partner, and being old. Article 11 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights affirms this as well. 

Some measures try to take non-material things into account when trying to understand how people live. In an Economist study in 2005 Ireland was rated highest in quality of living, while Zimbabwe was seen as having one of the worst quality of life rates in the world.


Canaanite

Canaanites were a people mentioned in the Hebrew Bible, or Old Testament. Most of their land, called Canaan, later became known as Judea which later was renamed to Palestine by Romans. 

The Canaanites settled in the region about 2000 BCE. They were the main inhabitants until about 1200 B.C. The Book of Joshua says that the Israelites conquered Canaan. However, archaeology and the Bible suggest that the Israelites only gradually became the area's main people. Archaeology also suggests that many Canaanite cities were destroyed by the Sea Peoples, or Philistines, in the 1100s BCE. The Sea Peoples may have sailed to Canaan from the area around the Aegean Sea. 

The Canaanites were a Semitic people related to the Phoenicians, Amorites, Assyrians and Israelites. The Canaanites had a developed civilization. Their main political group was the city-state. In a city-state, a king ruled a city or town and the villages and land around it. The Bible mentions a number of Canaanite tribes.

The chief Canaanite gods were El (a creator god) and Baal (a storm god). The main goddesses were Anat, Asherah, and Astarte. They were fertility goddesses.

U.S. Route 101 in California

In the U.S. state of California, U.S. Route 101 (US 101) is one of the last remaining and longest U.S. Routes still active in the state, and the longest highway of any kind in California. US 101 was also one of the original U.S. Routes established in 1926.

This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System.

US 101 starts at Olympia, Washington, runs south through the rest of Washington, through Oregon and then through California to Los Angeles.

The Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco is part of US 101.

Southern Californians usually refer to the highway as The 101 (where it is mostly a freeway). In Northern California, people simply call it 101.


Yelp, Inc.

Yelp, Inc. is a company that operates a social networking, user review, and local search web site of the same name. Over 31 million people access Yelp's website each month, putting it in the top 150 of U.S. Internet web sites.


John Stalberg Jr.

John Stalberg, Jr. is an American movie director and screenwriter.

The first movie Stalberg directed was the comedy "High School". It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival. It was released theatrically by Anchor Bay Entertainment on June, 1, 2012. He is also developing the project "Spanking Shakespeare", which he is writing and directing.

Free State Stadium

Free State Stadium is a sports stadium in Bloemfontein, South Africa. 

The stadium co-hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup. It is one of the 10 stadiums where World Cup matches were played. 

2010 World Cup Matches

All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+2).


Peter Mokaba Stadium

Peter Mokaba Stadium is a sports stadium in Polokwane, South Africa.

The stadium hosted four games at the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Is one of the 10 stadiums where World Cup games were played. 

2010 World Cup Matches

All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+2).


Royal Bafokeng Stadium

Royal Bafokeng Stadium is a sports stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.

The stadium co-hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup. It is one of the 10 stadiums where World Cup matches were played.

2010 World Cup Matches

All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+2).


The Dirty Energy Dilemma

The Dirty Energy Dilemma is a 2008 book by academic Benjamin K. Sovacool. In the book Sovacool discusses some of the "big energy challenges" facing the United States, and suggests that the fix for these problems is 'clean energy' in the form of energy efficiency and renewable energy. Sovacool sees no role for nuclear power in a clean energy transition.

"The Dirty Energy Dilemma" won a 2009 Nautilus Award.


Narita Airport Station

Nobuhiro Sadatomi

Nobuhiro Sadatomi (born 5 July 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

106||11||8||1||0||0||114||12
106||11||8||1||0||0||114||12

Veljko Paunović

Veljko Paunović (born 21 August 1977) is a former Serbian football player. He has played for Serbia national team.

22||2
271||56
6||0
16||1
315||59

!Total||2||1

Sebastián Battaglia

Sebastián Battaglia (born 8 November 1980) is a former Argentine football player who played for Boca Juniors and Argentina national team.

196||15
29||1
225||16

!Total||10||0

Piotr Sowisz

Piotr Sowisz (born 10 September 1971) is a former Polish football player.

11||1||1||0||12||1
11||1||1||0||12||1

Frédéric Kanouté

Frédéric Kanouté (dorn 2 Speetbbmmbre 1977) is a Malian football player. He plays for Sevilla and Mali national team. hewas from 

40||9||1||0||2||0||15||3||58||12
144||43||11||7||10||4||colspan="2"|-||165||54
128||61||15||12||colspan="2"|-||35||20||178||93
312||113||27||19||12||4||50||23||401||159

!Total||35||21

Cosmin Contra

Cosmin Contra (born 15 December 1975) is a Romanian football player. He plays for Timişoara and Romania national team.

166||9
188||9
29||3
5||0
388||21

!Total||72||7

Manu del Moral

Manu del Moral (born 25 February 1984) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Getafe.

131||24
131||24

Miguel de las Cuevas

Miguel de las Cuevas (born 19 June 1986) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Sporting Gijón.

93||3
93||3

Fabiano Eller

Fabiano Eller (born 19 November 1977) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Internacional.

168||14
0||0
11||0
30||1
209||15

!Total||1||0

Julien Escudé

Julien Escudé (born 17 August 1979) is a French football player. He plays for Sevilla and France national team.

132||0
61||6
88||2
281||8

!Total||12||0

Antonio Puerta

Antonio Puerta (26 November 1984 – 28 August 2007) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

55||5
55||5

!Total||1||0

Nélson Marcos

Nélson Marcos (born 10 June 1983) is a Portuguese football player. He plays for Real Betis Balompié and Portugal national team.

154||4
35||0
189||4

!Total||1||0

Fumiaki Iwamoto

Fumiaki Iwamoto (born 23 April 1968) is a former Japanese football player.

Leandro Somoza

Leandro Somoza (born 26 January 1981) is an Argentine football player. He plays for Vélez Sársfield.

136||7
40||0
176||7

!Total||1||0

Tadao Takayama

Takayama was born in Tokyo Metropolis on June 24, 1904. He played for Kobe Icchu Club which was consisted of his alma mater high school players and graduates. At the club, he won the 1927 Emperor's Cup with Takeo Wakabayashi and so on.

In May 1930, when Takayama was a Tokyo Imperial University student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Tokyo and Japan won the championship. At this competition, on May 25, he debuted against Philippines. On May 29, he also played and scored a goal against Republic of China. He played 2 games and scored 1 goals for Japan in 1930.

After retirement, Takayama worked at Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Ministry of Education, Science and Culture. He also served as a professor at Hamamatsu College of Technology and Mukogawa Women's University.

July 1, 1980, Takayama died in Tokyo Metropolis at the age of 76.

!Total||2||1

Sylvain N'Diaye

Sylvain N'Diaye (born 25 June 1976) is a Senegalese football player. He has played for Senegal national team.

287||11
11||0
72||3
370||14

!Total||24||0

Ramesses II

Ramesses II was one of the greatest Pharaohs of Ancient Egypt. He was the third Pharaoh of the Nineteenth dynasty. The pharaohs who came after him and later Egyptians called him the "Great Ancestor".

When he was 14, Ramesses was named as the next pharaoh by his father Seti I. He ruled Egypt from 1279 BC to 1213 BC. This is a total of 66 years and 2 months. It is likely that he died in his 90th or 91st year. On his death, he was buried in a tomb in the Valley of the Kings; his body was later moved to a royal cache (hidden wall slot) where it was discovered in 1881. It is now on display in the Cairo Museum.

Ramesses II led several military attacks north into the lands east of the Mediterranean (the location of the modern Israel, Lebanon and Syria). He also led expeditions to the south, into Nubia.

The early part of his rule was focused on building cities, temples and monuments. He established the city of Pi-Ramesses in the Nile Delta as his new capital and main base for his military attacks on Syria.

Early in his life, Ramesses went on campaigns to get land back from Nubian and Hittite hands, and to keep Egypt's borders safe. He also stopped Nubian revolts and ran a campaign in Libya. During Ramesses's reign, the Egyptian army may have included about 100,000 men. Ramsses used this force to bully and influence nearby countries.

In his second year, Ramesses defeated the Sherden sea pirates. They were causing problems along Egypt's Mediterranean coast by attacking cargo-laden vessels on the sea routes to Egypt. Ramesses posted troops and ships at strategic points along the coast, and allowed the pirates to attack their prey. He then caught them by surprise in a sea battle, capturing them all in a single action. A stele says they came "in their war-ships from the midst of the sea, and none were able to stand before them". Shortly afterwards Sherden are seen in the Pharaoh's body-guard with their horned helmets, round shields and the great Naue II swords.

The Hittite Mursili III fled to Egypt, after he failed to take his uncle's throne. The uncle, Hattusili III, demanded that Ramesses extradite (send back) his nephew back to Hatti.

This caused a crisis between Egypt and Hatti, when Ramesses said he did not know where Mursili was. The two empires came close to war. Eventually, in the twenty-first year of his reign (1258 BC), Ramesses decided to make an agreement with Hattusili III, to end the conflict. The document they agreed is the earliest known peace treaty in world history.

The peace treaty was recorded in two different versions, one in Egyptian hieroglyphs, the other in Akkadian, using cuneiform script; both versions survive. Such dual-language recording is common to many treaties. This treaty differs from others in that the two language versions are differently worded. Although the majority of the text is identical, the Hittite version claims that the Egyptians came suing for peace, while the Egyptian version claims the reverse. The treaty was given to the Egyptians in the form of a silver plaque. This 'pocket-book' version was taken back to Egypt, and a copy carved into the Temple of Karnak and Abu Simbel temples.

Ramesses’ mummy has been extensively studied ever since it was discovered and preserved in a museum. His mummy reveals that he had dental problems, severe arthritis, and artery hardening before dying of either old age or heart failure. Ramesses was buried in the Valley of the Kings, and like Queen Nefertari, Ramesses had a magnificent burial chamber.

Egypt's power peaked during Ramesses the Great's reign. Several challenges arose following his death. Members of the ruling dynasty were at odds with one another. Furthermore, a group known as the Sea Peoples repeatedly invaded Egypt. The Sea Peoples fought a long war that left Egypt's civilization weak and unsteady even though they never succeeded in conquering Egypt.

David Rozehnal

David Rozehnal (born 5 July 1980) is a Czech football player. He plays for Hamburg and the Czech Republic national team.

72||2
50||1
75||1
21||0
38||0
0||0
256||4

!Total||60||1

Ballonmuseum Gersthofen

The Ballonmuseum Gersthofen was started in 1985 on appr. exhibition area in Gersthofen near Augsburg.


Governor of New South Wales

The Governor of New South Wales is the oldest political office of Australia. Captain Arthur Phillip RN became the first Governor of New South Wales on 7 February 1788. The Colony of New South Wales was the first British settlement in Australia. The first governors had almost autocratic powers due to the distance from and poor communications with Great Britain. In 1824 the New South Wales Legislative Council, Australia's first legislature, was appointed to help the governor.

Between 1850 and 1861, the Governor of New South Wales was also called the Governor-General. All letters between the Australian colonies and the British Government were meant to go through the Governor-General. The other colonies had Lieutenant-Governors. As they became independent, South Australia in 1836, Tasmania January 1855 and Victoria May 1855 replaced their Lieutenant-Governors with Governors. Sir William Denison kept the title of Governor-General until h is retirement.

The Governor acts on the advice of the head of the elected government, the Premier of New South Wales. The Governor does have power of the Crown, and has the right to dismiss the Premier. This power was last used in 1932, when Sir lachlan mendham dismissed toby erin rodgers

If the Governor dies, resigns or is absent their duties are carried out by the Lieutenant Governor of New South Wales.

The Governor of New South Wales used Government House as a home, office and official reception space until 1996. The Governor's office is now in the historic Chief Secretary’s Building at 121 Macquarie Street. In 2011, the Premier of New South Wales, Barry O'Farrell, said that this would change and the governor would move back into Government House.

The first Australian-born Governor of New South Wales (or of any Australian state) was Lieutenant General Sir John Northcott in 1946. All governors since then have been Australian-born except for Gordon Samuels, who was born in the United Kingdom but came to Australia at an early age. Northcott's successor, Lieutenant General Sir Eric Woodward (1957), was the first born in New South Wales.


Chūbu region

The regions of Japan are a fusion of historical divisions and modern administrative needs". The significance of the region in Japan is geographical, cultural and administrative.

In the late 7th century, the "Hokuridō" was identified as one of the eight largest administrative areas of the Imperial system ("ritsuryo seido").

"Gokishichidō" is an ancient system of names for parts of the country, including "Hokuridō". Chūbu covers a central part of the island of Honshū in roughly the same area as the traditional "Hokuriku", "Kōshin'etsu" and "Tōkai".

In the Meiji period, the modern regional system was made by Imperial decree. Japan was divided into regions ("chihō "), including the Hokuriku and Tokai or Chūbu region. A regional council ("chihō gyōsei kyōgisai") was headed by the governor of the most powerful prefecture in the regional grouping. The council also included regional chiefs of central government ministries.

Over time, Chūbu has developed its own regional dialects, customs and unique traditional culture.

The Chūbu region is a large area of Honshū. Chūbu has traditional subddivisions, including Hokuriku, Kōshin'etsu, Shin'etsu, and Tōkai.



Space bar

The space bar, also called the 'spacebar' or 'space key', is one of the most commonly used keys on a computer keyboard. It is used to put a space into something being typed. It is at the bottom of most standard keyboard layouts, such as the QWERTY keyboard. The space bar is wider than all of the other keys on the keyboard.

On many computers, pressing the space bar at the same time as the ALT or CTRL key can activate many useful functions. For example, it can minimize a window in some operating systems. In some web browsers, pressing the space bar makes a window scroll down.

AZERTY

AZERTY is a keyboard layout. It is very similar to the QWERTY keyboard layout. It is mainly used in France and Belgium.

It is almost the same as the QWERTY keyboard, but it swaps the letter Q and A, as well as W and Z. The letter M is moved from right to N to the position of the semicolon on QWERTY keyboards.

Parintins

Parintins is a Brazilian city of the state of Amazonas. It has 107,250 inhabitants and an area of 5.952 km². It was founded in 1852 and it is one of the most important cities in state of Amazonas.

Below is a list of famous people born in Parintins.


Itacoatiara

Itacoatiara is a Brazilian city of the state of Amazonas. It has 89.840 inhabitants and an area of 8.600 km². It was founded in 1874 and it is one of the most important cities in state of Amazonas.


East River

The East River is a tidal strait in New York City. It connects Upper New York Bay on its south end to Long Island Sound on its north end. It separates Long Island, including the boroughs of Queens and Brooklyn, from the island of Manhattan and the Bronx. Several bridges and tunnels cross the East River. The Brooklyn Bridge is the oldest and most famous. 

American Society of Civil Engineers

The American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) founded on November 5, 1852 to represent members of the civil engineering profession worldwide is the oldest national engineering society in the United States. Its world headquarters is in Reston, Virginia.

ASCE's mission is to provide essential value to its members and their careers; to its partners and to the public. ASCE seeks to provide value by:


Tarbosaurus

Tarbosaurus was a large carnivorous theropod dinosaur from Asia, especially Mongolia and China. It was a tyrannosaurid dinosaur which flourished between 70 and 65 million years ago, at the end of the Cretaceous period.

"Tarbosaurus" lived in a humid floodplain criss-crossed by river channels. In this environment, it was a predator at the top of the food chain, probably preying on other large dinosaurs like the hadrosaur "Saurolophus" or the sauropod "Nemegtosaurus".

Tarbosaurus is known from dozens of specimens, with several complete skulls and skeletons. These remains have allowed scientific studies on its phylogeny, skull mechanics, and brain structure.

Like its close North American relative Tyrannosaurus rex, it had a large head and powerful jaws, but was not top heavy. Its huge skull was comparatively light, with large air pockets. Many of its bones were hollow, making them strong but light, so they did not add excessive weight to this large predator.

Its skull was similar to that of "Tyrannosaurus", but more rigid. Also, because its skull was not so broad at the back, it did not have binocular vision like "Tyrannosaurus".

In the lower jaw, a ridge on the outer surface of the angular bone articulated with the rear of the dentary bone, creating a locking mechanism unique to "Tarbosaurus" and "Alioramus". Other tyrannosaurids lacked this ridge and had more flexibility in the lower jaw.

Its forlimbs were small with two fingers, as with its larger relative. The small, two-fingered, front limb is absolutely distinctive of tyrannosaurids.

The three-toed hind limbs were long and thick, supporting the body in a bipedal posture. The long, heavy tail served as a counterweight to the head and torso and put the center of gravity over the hips.

Some scientists think the more rigid skull of "Tarbosaurus" was an adaptation to hunting the massive sauropods found in Asia, which did not exist in most of North America during the later Cretaceous. 

Torosaurus

Torosaurus (meaning "pierced lizard") was a large, quadrupedal, plant-eating Ceratopsian dinosaur with three horns on its large head. "Torosaurus" hatched from eggs and may have lived in herds.

"Torosaurus" lived during the Upper Cretaceous, about 70–65 million years ago, in what is now western North America. It was similar to "Triceratops". Some had thought that "Triceratops" was a younger form of "Torosaurus".

However, latest thinking is that the two are definitely different genera. In 2011, 2012 and 2013, studies of external features of known specimens decided that shape and development differences mean the two genera are not synonyms. The main problems in the "one genus" idea are: 

Dung beetle

Dung beetles are beetles that feed partly or only on the dung of mammals. They are a kind of scarab beetle. All these species belong to the superfamily Scarabaeoidea, and most of them to the family Scarabaeidae. The subfamily Scarabaeinae alone has more than 5,000 species. There are dung-feeding beetles in other related families, such as the Geotrupidae (the 'earth-boring dung beetles'). 

Many dung beetles, known as "rollers", roll dung into balls, which are used as a food source or brooding chambers. Other dung beetles, known as "tunnelers", bury the dung wherever they find it. A third group, the "dwellers", neither roll nor burrow: they simply live in dung. They are often attracted by the dung burrowing owls collect.

Dung beetles are not a single taxonomic group: dung feeding is found in a number of beetle families. The behaviour probably evolved more than once.

Dung beetles live in many different habitats, including deserts, farmlands, forests, and grasslands. They do not like extremely cold or dry weather. They are found on all continents except Antarctica.

Dung beetles eat the dung of herbivores and omnivores, and prefer it to any other kind of dung. They may also feed on mushrooms and rotting leaves and fruits. One species living in South America, "Deltochilum valgum", is a carnivore which eats millipedes. Those that eat dung do not need to eat or drink anything else, because the dung provides all the necessary nutrients. 

Most dung beetles search for dung using their sensitive sense of smell. Some of the smaller species simply attach themselves to the dung-providers to wait for their reward. After capturing the dung, a dung beetle will roll it, following a straight line despite all obstacles. Sometimes dung beetles will try to steal the dung ball from another beetle, so the dung beetles have to move rapidly away from a dung pile once they have rolled their ball to prevent it from being stolen. Dung beetles can roll up to 50 times their weight. Male "Onthophagus taurus" beetles can pull 1,141 times their own body weight: the equivalent of an average person pulling six double-decker buses full of people. In 2003, researchers found one species of dung beetle (the African "Scarabaeus zambesianus") navigates by using polarization patterns in moonlight. The discovery is the first proof any animal can use polarized moonlight for orientation. 

The "rollers" roll and bury a dung ball either for food storage or to make a brooding ball. In the latter case, two beetles, one male and one female, will be seen around the dung ball during the rolling process. Usually it is the male that rolls the ball, with the female hitch-hiking or simply following behind. In some cases the male and the female roll together. When a spot with soft soil is found, they stop and bury the dung ball. They will then mate underground. After the mating, both or one of them will prepare the brooding ball. When the ball is finished, the female lays eggs inside it. Some species do not leave after this stage, but remain to safeguard their offspring. 

The dung beetle goes through a complete metamorphosis. The larvae live in brood balls made with dung prepared by their parents. One idea is that the dung helps to keep parasitoids at bay. During the larval stage, the grub feeds on the dung surrounding it.

The behavior of the beetles was much misunderstood until the studies of Jean Henri Fabre. Fabre corrected the myth that a dung beetle would seek aid from other dung beetles when confronted by obstacles. By painstaking observations and experiments, he found the seeming helpers were, in fact, robbers awaiting an opportunity to steal the roller's food source.

Bombardier beetle

Bombardier beetles are ground beetles in the family Carabidae. There are more than 500 species which are notable for their defence mechanism. Most of them are found in rainforests.

When disturbed, the beetle squirts a poisonous chemical spray from special glands in its abdomen. The ejection makes a popping sound.

A bombardier beetle produces and stores (separately) two chemical compounds which react with each other: hydroquinone and hydrogen peroxide. 

When threatened, the beetle contracts muscles that force the two reactants through tubes into a mixing chamber containing water and enzymes. The reactants undergo a violent chemical reaction which gives off heat. This raises the temperature to near the boiling point of water.
The beetle swivels the tip of its abdomen around, and shoots a spray of boiling hot, poisonous chemicals at its attacker.

Luigi Delneri

Luigi Delneri (born 23 August 1950) is a former Italian football player.

Toshikazu Kato

Toshikazu Kato (born 28 May 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for V-Varen Nagasaki.

107||10||12||0||0||0||119||10
107||10||12||0||0||0||119||10

Hidekazu Tajiri

Hidekazu Tajiri (born 19 April 1975) is a former Japanese football player.

Wataru Tagami

Wataru Tagami (born 7 May 1982) is a Japanese football player.

87||6||6||2||93||8
87||6||6||2||93||8

Yoshihiro Saisho

Yoshihiro Saisho (born 20 November 1982) is a former Japanese football player.

25||8||1||0||26||8
25||8||1||0||26||8

Valentino Mazzola

Valentino Mazzola (26 January 1919 – 4 May 1949) was an Italian football player. He has played for the Italy national team.

231||109
231||109

!Total||12||4

Guillermo Barros Schelotto

Guillermo Barros Schelotto (born 4 May 1973) is a former Argentine football player. He has played for Argentina national team.

379||106
73||24
452||130

!Total||10||0

Ichiji Otani

Otani was born in Hyogo Prefecture on August 31, 1912. In May 1934, when he was a Kobe University of Commerce student, he was selected the Japan national team for Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. At this competition, on May 13, he debuted against Dutch East Indies. He also played against Philippines and Republic of China. He played 3 games and scored 1 goal for Japan in 1934.

After graduation from Kobe University of Commerce, Otani retired from playing career and he joined Toyo Boseki. He served as president from 1974 to 1978 and chairman from 1978 to 1983.

On November 23, 2007, Otani died of senility at the age of 95.

!Total||3||1

Hidekazu Orita

Hidekazu Orita (born 22 April 1961) is a former Japanese football player.

Hiroshi Kagawa

Hiroshi Kagawa (born 29 December 1924) is a former Japanese football player. He is currently sports writer.

He was awarded the Presidential Award at the Ballon D'OR award 2014 held in Zurich Jan 12th 2015.

It is "bestowed upon a person or institution that has made a superlative contribution to football without seeking to monopolise the limelight" apparently.

Wonderful speech from Hiroshi Kagawa during the ceremony. Even the hardened of footballers will have lumps in their throats.
"I'm very proud to attend this wonderful ceremony," he begins. "This is the greatest honour to be presented with this award.
"In 1979 Mr Blatter was part of the Fifa organising committee of a youth tournament in Japan. Unfortunately my English has not made any progress since that tournament!

"So I was sceptical about coming to the this ceremony today. But my friends in Japan said I must come - even if only to meet Manuel Neuer, Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi, and bring back some autographs."


Mauricio Salles

Mauricio Salles de Alencar (born 1 March 1978) is a Brazilian former professional footballer. On 20 January 2010, he was ranked 25th in the USL First Division Top 25 of the Decade.

Stanislav Varga

Stanislav Varga (born 8 October 1972) is a former Slovak football player. He has played for Slovakia national team.

0||0
162||22
55||2
80||10
297||34

!Total||54||2

Albert Meyong

Albert Meyong (born 19 October 1980) is a Cameroonian football player. He plays for Braga and Cameroon national team.

7||2
196||79
25||1
228||82

!Total||12||4

Bonaventure Kalou

Bonaventure Kalou (born 12 January 1978) is a Côte d'Ivoire football player. He has played for Côte d'Ivoire national team.

35||6
168||37
122||30
1||1
326||74

!Total||||

Feyenoord

Auxerre

Paris Saint-Germain

Heerenveen

Ivory Coast

Individual

Matías Fernández

Matías Fernández (born 15 May 1986) is a Chilean former football player.

Colo-Colo

Sporting CP

Fiorentina

Milan

Necaxa

Chile

Individual

Jason Culina

Jason Culina (born 5 August 1980) is a former Australian soccer player and coach.

Ajax

PSV

Individual 

Martin Laursen

Martin Laursen (born 26 July 1977) is a former Danish football player. He has played for Denmark national team.

35||1
98||4
84||8
217||13

!Total||53||2

Libor Sionko

Libor Sionko (born 1 February 1977) is a Czech football player. He plays for Sparta Prague and Czech Republic national team.

153||39
69||8
18||3
54||9
294||59

!Total||39||8

Lightning arrester

A lightning arrester is a device, basically an air gap between an electric wire and ground, that is used to switch a lightning strike from something such as a television antenna to a metal rod about two meters long that is buried in the ground. If a lightning arrester is not used, then the lightning will go through the television set and burn it out. 

A "lightning arrester" does not really "arrest" or stop lightning. It "diverts" or changes the way lightning goes so that it ends up going into the ground instead of going into a television set or other device that it could hurt.

Alfred Macalik

Alfred (Alfréd) Macalik (10 September 1888 in Vienna - 20 September 1979 in Oradea) was an Austrian-Romanian landscape painter, sculptor and composer.

At the suggestion of his former art teacher, Szőke Gyula, he studied art at the art university in Craiova (1910-1911). Later Macalik studied at the art university in Budapest (1914-1918). Macalik influenced the cultural life in Oradea.

StarHub TV

StarHub TV is a cable television service in Singapore. It is owned by StarHub Limited.

The cable network has been operating since 1991. It was then operated by Singapore Cable Vision (SCV). By 1996, SCV had built a S$600 million broadband cable network across the country. In 2002, SCV merged with StarHub, and was renamed StarHub Cable Vision. In 2007, StarHub Cable Television was rebranded as StarHub TV.

It is the only cable television service in Singapore. It was previously also the only pay television service in the country until 2007, when mio TV was launched.

On 17 February 2009, StarHub announced that their television will be converted to digital and analogue set-top boxes will be terminated by 30 June 2009, beginning a phase of digital television transition in Singapore.

On 30 April 2010, channel numbers for StarHub TV was overhauled into a three-digit numbering system, allowing easier recall for subscribers. The channels were also classified into eight categories based on the channel's genre and its first number.

Since 2010, many channels were made to free-viewing for a brief period of time to commemorate a holiday. Its first free preview was held between 28 May to 13 June due to a school holiday. Since then, a weeklong free previewing of channels were held on other major public holidays.

On 1 August 2010, StarHub TV will cease broadcasting the Barclays English Premier League for the 2010/11, 2011/12 and 2012/13 seasons as it did not procure the rights to do so. Its carriage of Goal TV 1, Goal TV 2, ESPN, STAR Sports and STAR Cricket will also cease at the same time. The ESS channels were unavailable on StarHub's platform for two years until in December 2012, it was announced that ESPN, STAR Sports and STAR Cricket will return to StarHub on 14 December on a non-exclusive basis. The channel was revived after StarHub TV acquired its rights to broadcast the 2018-19 season of UEFA Champions League.


Mediacorp

Mediacorp is a Singapore-owned media company that provides free to air channels (free channels). It is made up of different companies. They are:
The headquarters of Mediacorp is at 1 Stars Avenue.

Mediacorp TV (Also known as Mediacorp TV Pte Ltd) has a total of 6 channels under it. They are:

Glomerular filtration rate

Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) is a test used by physicians and other medical professionals to see if the kidneys are working correctly. In basic terms, it is a measurement of how much liquid and waste is passing from the blood through the tiny filters in the kidney, called the glomeruli, and out into the urine during each minute. The test measures how much creatinine is in the blood. This shows how well the kidneys are performing. In a normal healthy person the GFR stays close to the same value all of the time. The test is done by taking blood from a person and sending it to a laboratory. Normal values are between 90ml/min and 110ml/min. A value below 60ml/minute means the person has chronic renal disease and a value below 15ml/minute means the person's kidneys have stopped working.

Measurement of the GFR can be very helpful to medical professionals. It helps them decide if a person has a disease of the kidneys or not. A normal value for GFR is between 90-110ml/min. This will normally go down in older people. It will also go down in people with kidney disease. As well as helping a medical professional diagnose a kidney disease, the GFR is also used to monitor the progress of a disease.

The test begins by taking blood from a person's veins. The most common places are the vein in the elbow and the veins on the back of the hands. People usually feel a sharp stinging pain when the needle enters their skin. After the blood is drawn out, it is sent to a medical laboratory where a laboratory technician calculates the GFR. It is possible to calculate an exact value for the GFR but this is rarely done any more. Most of the time, the value is estimated (this is called an eGFR). The basis for this estimate is a chemical in the blood called creatinine. The calculation may also include things such as gender, age, height, weight, and race. Getting an exact measurement needs more tests and special equipment. Doctors now normally use the estimated GFR with signs, symptoms and the medical history given by the patient to come to a diagnosis. A final diagnosis of kidney disease may sometimes be made by a pathologist using tests such as a kidney biopsy.

There are some slight risks when this test is done. These include, too much bleeding from the needle entering the skin and vein, blood collecting under the skin, feeling faint, and infection from the skin being pierced by the needle.

There are many functions that make up the GFR. These include: nitrogen based waste, sodium (salt), water, potassium, phosphate, and some medicines dissolved in the plasma such as digoxin and gentamicin. Blood pressure, the balance of acids to bases, the release of erythropoietin (a chemical that tells the body to make more red blood cells). The activation of vitamin D1, the formation of glucose in the fasting state, and the creation of peptide hormones (including insulin) all affect the GFR.

A GFR of less than 60ml/minute for three or more months indicates chronic kidney disease. A GFR of less than 15ml/minute indicates full failure of the kidneys. GFR estimates between 60 and 89 mL/minute do not mean a person has chronic kidney disease unless there are other signs of disease. People with either higher than normal amounts of muscle mass, such as bodybuilders or people with lower than normal amounts of muscle mass, such as amputees or people with muscle wasting disorders (when the muscles become less dense than normal) can have GFR test results that do not appear normal, but may still be normal. A medical professional will explain the meaning of any GFR test done on a patient.



Sutton United F.C.

Sutton United Football Club is a professional football club in Sutton, London. They play in League Two, the fourth division of English football. In 1970, they beat Coventry City, who were in Division One then, in the FA Cup, last time a non-league club beat a major league club.

Freaky Friday (1976 movie)

Freaky Friday is a 1976 American fantasy comedy movie starring Jodie Foster and Barbara Harris as a teenage daughter and her mother who switch bodies. It is based on a novel of the same name by Mary Rodgers.

It was remade in 1995 and in 2003.

Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen is an international chain of fast food restaurants started by John Fremont McCullough on June 22, 1940 in Joliet, Illinois. Dairy Queen's menu is mostly soft serve ice cream, hamburgers, hot dogs and chicken.

Dairy Queen is currently operated in:

Dairy Queen was previously operated in:


Fallout (video game)

Fallout: A Post Nuclear Role Playing Game (usually just called Fallout) is a role-playing game for the computer. It was made by Interplay Productions. It was first sold in 1997. It is sometimes called "Fallout 1" because it is the first game in the "Fallout" series. It takes place 84 years after nuclear bombs have turned the Earth into a desert, and destroyed all the governments. 

The player controls the character by using the mouse to make the character go places. When the character gets there, the player can make the character do other things. Some things the character can do are fighting, stealing, and talking. When the player is done playing in one town or place, he or she can use a map to get to a new place. 

Because life is hard in the game, there are people who need help in every town. The player can choose to help the good guys or the bad guys (or both). Helping the good guys gives "karma points." Helping the bad guys costs karma points. A very evil character will have negative karma. No matter who the player helps, the character gets "experience points," which help the character get better at doing things. 

The world is full of danger. There are people who will try to kill the character and take his or her stuff, and there are dangerous mutant animals that will try to eat the character. When this happens, the player must fight.

Combat in "Fallout" is like chess, because every character gets a turn. If the player attacks a character, then that character cannot act until the player is done with that attack. Then the character gets a turn to attack the player. This goes on, back and forth, until one of them dies or runs away. Some characters can do more actions per turn, depending on how long it takes to do the action, and how much agility the character has. More agile characters can do more actions per turn. 

The player and other characters in "Fallout" can attack with their fists, with hand-held weapons like sledgehammers, with thrown weapons like grenades and with guns. Guns can be as small as pistols, or as large as gatling guns. There are even energy weapons, such as lasers. 

In 2077, nuclear war erupted between the United States and China. Most of the people on Earth died, and the world became a desert. Fortunately, the United States government had already built underground fallout shelters called "Vaults," where some of the people went to survive. The player character was born in Vault 13, in what had been California. The people living in the vault were too scared to ever come out of the Vault, so they stayed inside it for 84 years. 

Then, the computer chip that makes their water safe to drink breaks down. The Vault does not have any extra "water chips," so they send the player character into the desert to find a new one. He or she has 150 days to do, or else the people in the Vault will die. 

Although the search for a new water chip is what starts the game, the player can do many other things while he or she is looking for the chip, and even afterward.

After the player finds the water chip, he or she are told to kill the source of monsters called Super Mutants, who look like big green humans. The player does so, but is exiled from his or her vault after.

One interesting thing about "Fallout" is its "retrofuturistic" style. Retrofuturism means that, although the game is set in the future ("-futurism"), it looks like the past ("retro-"). Another way of explaining retrofuturism would be to say that the game shows the kind of future that people in the past would have imagined. 

Specifically, "Fallout" is the future as 1955 America might have seen it. This can be seen in the themes of the game -- fear of nuclear war and a need for fallout shelters for safety -- and in the artistic style, or "looks" of the game. For example, all computers in "Fallout" contain either vacuum tubes or magnetic tape reels. Of course no one at Interplay in 1997 thought that there would be vacuum tubes in the future, but they put them in the game for style. 

Many famous actors voiced some of the characters in "Fallout". These include Richard Dean Anderson from "MacGyver", David Warner from "", Tony Shalhoub from "Monk", Brad Garrett from "Everybody Loves Raymond", Keith David from "There's Something About Mary", Richard Moll from "Night Court", and Tony Jay from "ReBoot". Also, Ron Perlman from "Hellboy" was the narrator in the opening credits. 

A lot of the people who worked on the game later joined Black Isle Studios, a smaller company inside Interplay that just made role-playing games. One of the games Black Isle Studios made was "Fallout 2". After Interplay shut Black Isle Studios down, many of those game-makers went on to start Obsidian Entertainment, the game company that made in 2010.

"Fallout" was very popular when it came out, and continues to be remembered as a great game. It was ranked #4 on "PC Gamer's" list of top games of all time in 2001. It was named #5 on the "IGN" list of the top 25 PC games of all time in 2007, and #19 in 2009. The year it came out it was awarded "RPG of the Year" by "GameSpot", and is now on their "Greatest Games of All Time" list. "Fallout" was ranked #55 on "IGN"'s 2005 top 100 games of all time, and #33 in 2007.

Hamilton, Bermuda

Hamilton is the capital city of Bermuda. The population of Hamilton as of 2006 is 902.

The city is named after Sir Henry Hamilton who was the governor of Hamilton from 1778 to 1794.

Brooklyn Museum

The Brooklyn Museum is the second-largest art museum in New York City. It is also one of the largest in the United States.

The museum is at 200 Eastern Parkway, in the New York City borough of Brooklyn. Arnold L. Lehman is the museum's Director.

The Brooklyn Museum has more than one-and-a-half million objects. Some of these pieces of art are from as long ago as ancient Egypt while others are very recent. The museum is a 560,000 square foot (52,000 m²), Beaux-Arts building. Approximately 500,000 people visit the museum each year.

The Brooklyn Museum was started by Augustus Graham in 1897. The building has a steel frame It was designed by McKim, Mead, and White and built by the Carlin Construction Company. Daniel Chester French, the man who made the Lincoln Memorial, made two allegorical figures, "Brooklyn" and "Manhattan" (carved in 1916, and moved to the museum in 1963), and of the figures on the building.

Thomas S. Buechner was made the museum's director in 1960. Buechner made a large change in the way the museum displayed the art. Also one thousand pieces of art that had been in the museum's archives were put back on display.

The Brooklyn Museum changed its name to Brooklyn Museum of Art in 1997. On March 12, 2004, the museum announced that it would revert to its old name, the Brooklyn Museum.

In 2005, the museum was one of 406 New York City arts and social service institutions to get part of $20 million from the Carnegie Corporation, made possible by a donation by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg.

The museum is known for its large collections of Egyptian and African art, and 17th, 18th, and 19th century paintings.

In 2002, the museum bought the work "The Dinner Party" by artist Judy Chicago. It has been in the museum's Elizabeth A. Sackler Center for Feminist Art since 2007.

In 2008, Edna Russman said that a third of the Coptic art in the museum's collection, the second-largest in North America, is fake. Of 30 works of art from the late 4th through the 7th century AD, Russman believes 10 are faked. They have been displayed since 2009.

Artists like Patrick Kelly, Chuck Close, Denis Peterson, Ron Mueck, Takashi Murakami, Mat Benote, Kiki Smith, Jim Dine, Robert Rauschenberg, Sylvia Sleigh, William Wegman and Banksy have also been found in the museum.

In 2000, the Brooklyn Museum started the Student Museum Apprentice Program. The museum hires teens ages 13–17, to give tours in the museum during the summer, help with the museum's weekend family programs during the year, and help plan teen events.

The first Saturday of the month in the summer, the Brooklyn Museum stays open late with free family events, which include arts and crafts, live music and a dance party.


Centrosaurus

Centrosaurus is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaurs from the Upper Cretaceous of Canada. Their remains have been found in the Dinosaur Park Formation, dating from 76.5 to 75.5 million years ago.

"Centrosaurus" was first discovered near the Red Deer River in Alberta. Vast bonebeds of "Centrosaurus" were found in Dinosaur Provincial Park, also in Alberta. Some of these beds extend for hundreds of meters and contain thousands of individuals of all ages and all levels of completion.

This would be explained if they had perished while trying to cross a flooded river. A discovery of thousands of "Centrosaurus" fossils near the town of Hilda, Alberta, is believed to be the largest bed of dinosaur bones ever discovered. The area is now known as the Hilda mega-bonebed.

The genus "Centrosaurus" is now understood to include the fossils which used to be classified as "Monoclonius".

Tenontosaurus

Tenontosaurus is a genus of medium- to large-sized ornithopod dinosaur. It was formerly thought to be a 'hypsilophodont', but since Hypsilophodontia is no longer considered a clade, it is now considered to be a very primitive iguanodont.

Alicia Fox

Victoria Crawford (born June 30, 1986 in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida) better known by her stage name Alicia Fox is an American retired professional pro wrestler she is best known for wrestling for World Wrestling Entertainment, Where She is a former WWE Divas Champion.

Stick insect

Stick insects (also called phasmids, walking sticks, stick-bugs, or ghost insects) are insects in the order Phasmatodea (or Phasmida).

The whole order is camouflaged as either sticks or leaves. Leaf insects are generally the family Phylliidae. They are found in south and southeast Asia to New Zealand. 

Over 3,000 species have been described.

The name Phasmatodea comes from the Ancient Greek "phasma", meaning an apparition or phantom. 

The order has a worldwide distribution, but most species are found in the tropics. These tropic species vary from stick-like species to those resembling bark, leaves and even moss or lichen. The stick insect can sometimes reach over 13 inches (33 cm) long. The longest is Chan's megastick.

A few species, such as "Carausius morosus", are even able to change their pigmentation to match their surroundings. Many species are wingless, or have reduced wings.

Phasmids are herbivorous, feeding mostly on the leaves of trees and shrubs. Their eggs are usually camouflaged, look like plant seeds, and may remain dormant for a full season or more before hatching. The nymphs are born already closely resembling the adults.

Stick insects make rhythmic, repetitive side-to-side movements. This is like vegetation moving in the wind.

Also, the swaying movements may help the insects see objects against the background. Rocking movements by these sedentary (sitting) insects may replace flying or running as way to define objects in the visual field.

Some species of phasmid are able to produce a defensive spray when threatened. The spray contains pungent-smelling volatile molecules which the insect gets from its food plant. The spray from one species, "Megacrania nigrosulfurea", is even used as a treatment for skin infections by a tribe in Papua New Guinea by virtue of its antibacterial constituents.

Mating involves long pairings. A record among insects, the Indian stick insect "Necroscia sparaxes" was seen coupled for 79 days at a time. It is not uncommon for this species to assume the mating posture for days or weeks on end, and among some species ("Diapheromera veliei" Walsh and "D. Covilleae"), pairing has been seen to last three to 136 hours in captivity.
Explanations for this behaviour range from males guarding their mates against other males, to the view that the pairings are a defensive alliance against predators.

They are unusual in that the whole order is camouflaged. They are all mimics of their natural background. Some species (such as "O. macklotti" and "Palophus centaurus") are covered in mossy or lichenous outgrowths that supplement their disguise. Some species can change color as their surroundings shift ("B. scabrinota", "T. californica"). Many species have a rocking motion, where the body sways from side to side, like leaves or twigs swaying in the breeze. The nocturnal feeding habits of adults also helps them to hide from predators.

Once found, they make use of secondary defences. 

Their natural camouflage can make them extremely difficult to spot. Phasmatodea can be found all over the world in warmer zones, especially the tropics and subtropics. The greatest diversity is found in Southeast Asia and South America, followed by Australia. Phasmids also have a considerable presence in the continental United States, mainly in the Southeast.

The main groups are:

Extra time

Extra time is more time added to a game if the score is tied at the end of normal time. Some sports do not allow some of all of their games to end in a tie. In score notation (notes about the score of the game), it is often written by the letters ET or a.e.t. a.e.t stands for "after extra time".

In tournament play, where only the winner continues to the next round, professional association football add 30 minutes of extra time to the game. The extra time is made up of two 15-minute periods. If a game is still tied after extra time, it is usually decided by kicks from the penalty mark, commonly called a penalty shootout. 

Extra time is also used in other sports. Some of these sports are rugby union and rugby league, where extra time is usually 20 minutes long. In Australian rules football, two five-minute extra time periods are played in knockout finals matches when scores are tied at the end of the final quarter. In Gaelic football (and hurling), two halves of ten minutes are played after a draw. In major Gaelic football tournaments, extra time is only used if a replay finishes in a tie. In field hockey matches, extra time of 7½ minutes each way is played.

In North American sports, extra time is usually referred to as "overtime"; for ice hockey, it is usually "sudden death", which means that the overtime period ends with the first score made. In college football, a system of alternating possessions beginning at the opponent's 25-yard line is used which plays out similarly to extra innings in baseball in that each team receives a chance to score, and if the game is still tied, another iteration occurs.


Olivier Kapo

Obou Narcisse Olivier Kapo (born 27 September 1980), known as Olivier Kapo, is a French former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder or left winger.

!Total||9||3

Auxerre

France

Frédéric Déhu

Frédéric Déhu (born 24 October 1972) is a former French football player. He has played for France national team.

405||22
22||1
427||23

!Total||5||0

Félix Dja Ettien

Félix Dja Ettien (born 26 September 1979) is a former Ivory Coast football player. He has played for Ivory Coast national team.

303||20

!Total||6||1

Matthew Connolly

Matthew Connolly (born 24 September 1987) is an English football player. He plays for Queens Park Rangers.

76||3||3||0||6||0||85||3
76||3||3||0||6||0||85||3

Mark Randall

Mark Randall (born 28 September 1989) is an English footballer. He plays for Larne.

Chesterfield

Milton Keynes Dons

Larne


Bernard Mendy

Bernard Mendy (born 20 August 1981) is a French football player. He has played for France national team.

223||4
49||2
272||6

!Total||3||0

Mario Yepes

Mario Yepes (born 13 January 1976) is a Colombian retired footballer. He played as a defender. He played for Deportivo Cali, Cortuluá, River Plate, F.C. Nantes, Paris Saint-Germain, ChievoVerona, A.C. Milan, Atalanta, San Lorenzo, and Colombia national team.

When Yepes started his playing career in 1994 with Cortuluá, he was playing as a strikerbefore Cortulua's coach converted him to a defender.

120||11
76||6
188||10
32||0
416||27

!Total||102||7

Yepes is married to a Colombian woman named Carolina Villegas. Yepes and his wife have three children. His son Luciano Yepes was born in May 2002, his second son Valentino Yepes was born in September 2012, and his daughter Miranda Yepes was born in April 2005.

Cristian Rodríguez

Cristian Gabriel Rodríguez Barotti (; born 30 September 1985) is a Uruguayan former footballer who played as a left winger.

Peñarol

Paris Saint-Germain

Porto

Atlético Madrid

Uruguay

Mikel Alonso

Mikel Alonso (born 16 May 1980) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Tenerife.

125||3
7||0
132||3

Xabier Prieto

Xabier Prieto (born 29 August 1983) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Real Sociedad.

173||21
173||21

Aitor López Rekarte

Aitor López Rekarte (born 18 August 1975) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

328||4
328||4

!Total||1||0

Jurica Vranješ

Jurica Vranješ (born 31 January 1980) is a Croatian football player. He has played for Croatia national team.

54||10
176||5
0||0
230||15

!Total||26||0

Javier Aguirre

Javier Aguirre (born 1 December 1958) is a Mexican football player turned manager. He has played for Mexico national team.

347||52
30||4
13||0
390||56

!Total||57||12

Erwin Koeman

Erwin Koeman (born 20 September 1961) is a former Dutch football player. He has played for the Dutch national team.

356||70
116||22
472||92

!Total||31||2

KV Mechelen


PSV
Netherlands

Ivica Osim

Ivica Osim (6 May 1941 – 1 May 2022) was a Bosnia and Herzegovina football player. He played for Yugoslavia national team.

In November 2007, Osim had a major stroke which caused some health problems. He died on 1 May 2022 in Graz, Austria from problems caused by that stroke, five days before his 81st birthday.

204||58
2||0
225||37
431||95

!Total||16||8

Jewish cemetery of Besançon

The Jewish cemetery of Besançon is the only Jewish cemetery in Besançon. It was established in 1796 by the Jewish community of the city. In 1839, an additional parcel was added to the cemetery. In 1918 a memorial for the Jews who came from Besançon and were killed during the First World War was placed in the cemetery. 

Alcides Ghiggia

Alcides Ghiggia (22 December 1926 – 16 July 2015) was a former Uruguayan-Italian football player. He has played for Uruguay national team and Italy national team.

Ghiggia died on 16 July 2015 at his home in Las Piedras, Uruguay from a heart attack at the age of 88.

205||19
205||19

!Total||12||4

!Total||5||1




United States Army Center of Military History

The United States Army Center of Military History is a United States Army program. It writes history books and does research for the United States Army.


Marko Babić

Marko Babić (born 28 January 1981) is a Croatian football player. He plays for Real Zaragoza.

16||0
152||13
12||0
180||13

!Total||49||3

Hetepheres I

Hetepheres I ("Her Face Is Satisfied") was a Queen of Ancient Egypt. She lived during the 4th dynasty of Egypt, but she was born at the end of the 3rd dynasty. 

The father of Hetepheres was Pharaoh Huni, and her mother was Queen Djefatnebti. Hetepheres married her half-brother Sneferu. With him, she was a mother of Princess Hetepheres, who she named after herself. Sneferu and Hetepheres I also had a son, Khufu, who was Sneferu's successor. 

One granddaughter of Hetepheres I was named Hetepheres II, and she was a daughter of Khufu. 


Binaural beats

A binaural beat is an auditory illusion. It is perceived when two different pure-tone sine waves are presented to a listener, one tone to each ear. 

For example, if a 530 Hz pure tone is presented to a subject's right ear, while a 520 Hz pure tone is presented to the subject's left ear, the listener will perceive the illusion of a third tone. The third sound is called a binaural beat, and in this example would have a perceived pitch correlating to a frequency of 10 Hz, that being the difference between the 530 Hz and 520 Hz pure tones presented to each ear.

They may help people with pain when they are in hospital. Some people use binaural beats to help them sleep, meditate or have out of body experiences. There are computer programs and smartphone programs that make binaural beats.

Many of the claims are not verified at present.

Heinrich Wilhelm Dove (18031879) discovered binaural beats in 1839 and published his findings in the scientific journal "Repertorium der Physik". While research about them continued after that, the subject remained something of a scientific curiosity until 134 years later, with the publishing of Gerald Oster's article "Auditory beats in the brain" ("Scientific American", 1973). Oster's article identified and assembled the scattered pieces of relevant research since Dove, offering fresh insight (and new laboratory findings) to research on binaural beats.

Oster saw binaural beats as a powerful tool for cognitive and neurological research. Unsolved questions include how animals locate sounds in their environment: the remarkable ability of animals to pick out and focus on specific sounds in a sea of noise (known as the ).

Benjamin K. Sovacool

Benjamin K. Sovacool is an academic at the Vermont Law School. He has written several books and many journal articles.

Sovacool's research interests include energy policy and environmental issues. He has published more than 90 academic papers in journals like "The Electricity Journal" and "Energy Policy". He has also appeared on the "BBC World News", "Bloomberg Live!", and "Channel News Asia" and been interviewed by "Newsweek International", "Associated Press", "United Press International". His work on carbon emissions from nuclear power stations has also been reviewed in "Nature".

In 2007, Sovacool edited "" which has been reviewed in "Energy Policy" and the "Annals of the Association of American Geographers". In 2008, he wrote "The Dirty Energy Dilemma: What’s Blocking Clean Power in the United States" which was published by Praeger and won a 2009 Nautilus Award.

In "Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power" (2011) Sovacool says that "energy efficiency programs and renewable power technologies are better than nuclear power plants".

His other books include:


Kate Cary

Kate Cary (born 4 November 1967 in England) is an author. She works with Cherith Baldry and Victoria Holmes on the "Warriors" book series under the pen name Erin Hunter. She has also written books on her own, such as "Bloodline" and "Reckoning".

Cary owns three cats. She also has a son, and she lives in England. She has lived in Scotland before.


David Pall

David Boris Pall (2 April 1914 - 21 September 2004), founder of Pall Corporation, was the chemist who invented the Pall filter used in blood transfusions.

Born in Thunder Bay, Ontario of Russian immigrant parents, he grew up on a farm in Saskatchewan, and attended McGill University, from which he was granted a bachelor's degree in chemistry and a Ph.D. in physical chemistry. He moved to New York in 1938 and became a part of the Manhattan Project. In 1946, he established Pall Corporation. The company's initial focus was on the development of filters for use in aircraft hydraulics. 

However, in 1959, when Dr. Pall's first wife, Josephine, died of aplastic anemia, he began to work on the Pall filter. Mrs. Pall had undergone multiple blood transfusions in the course of an illness, which were ultimately unsuccessful. The Pall filter makes blood transfusions significantly safer by filtering out white blood cells, thereby reducing the incidence of transfusion reactions and viral infections. Today, Pall Corporation has sales in excess of $2.0 Billion.

In his lifetime, Dr. Pall received over 180 patents and in 1990, he received the United States National Medal of Technology from President George H.W. Bush.

Pall, a trustee of the North Shore University Hospital, died of complications of Alzheimer's disease at his last home in Roslyn Estates, New York. 

Barosaurus

Barosaurus was a large, long-necked, plant-eating dinosaur. It lived about 156 to 145 million years ago in the later Jurassic period. The name "Barosaurus" means "heavy lizard". It was named by Othniel C. Marsh in 1890. "Barosaurus" fossils have been found in western North America and East Africa.

The skeleton as set up here suggests the animal could strip leaves or fronds from the tallest trees. "Barosaurus" was differently proportioned to its close relative "Diplodocus". It had a longer neck and shorter tail, but was about the same length overall. It was longer than "Apatosaurus" or "Brontosaurus", and its skeleton was slimmer.

Sauropod skulls are rarely preserved, and no "Barosaurus" skull has yet been found.


NHL 11

NHL 11 is a ice hockey video game that was developed by EA Canada and published by EA Sports. It was released on September 7, 2010 in North America for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. Jonathan Toews was the cover athlete for the North American version of "NHL 11" making it the first time players from the same team were cover athletes in consecutive years (Patrick Kane was on the cover of NHL 10).

New features in NHL 11 include: Broken sticks, new goal celebrations, play without a stick, all the hits are different, new physics-based engine, a new face-off system, new passing system, Hockey Ultimate Team, where a player can build a dream team from packs of cards bought in-game, new Hustle button which is like the speed burst in previous games and Restricted and Unrestricted Free Agents in the Be a Pro and Be a GM Modes, disallowed goals, playoff beards and players can now jump over over other player that are lying down.

NHL 11 also included the CHL (which includes the QMJHL, the WHL and the OHL), and a couple of European leagues.


Yusuke Suzuki

Yusuke Suzuki (born 19 May 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Machida Zelvia.

39||2||2||0||41||2
39||2||2||0||41||2


Takaaki Hisadome

Takaaki Hisadome (born 22 December 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for V-Varen Nagasaki.

85||3||6||0||91||3
85||3||6||0||91||3

Iñigo Díaz de Cerio

Iñigo Díaz de Cerio (born 15 May 1984) is a Spanish football player. He plays for Athletic Bilbao.

77||24
77||24

Gène Hanssen

Gène Hanssen (born January 9, 1959) is a former Dutch football player.

18||3||0||0||0||0||18||3
18||3||0||0||0||0||18||3

Edwin Ifeanyi

Edwin Ifeanyi (born 28 April 1972) is a former Cameroonian football player.

134||20||9||6||5||0||148||26
134||20||9||6||5||0||148||26

Uğur Yıldırım

Uğur Yıldırım (born 8 May 1982) is a Dutch football player.

199||57
22||4
221||61

!Total||1||0

Hisanori Yae

Hisanori Yae (born 19 July 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

14||0||0||0||14||0
14||0||0||0||14||0

Takahiro Ishikawa

Takahiro Ishikawa (born 15 December 1983) is a Japanese football player.

99||8||5||0||104||8
99||8||5||0||104||8

Mark Burke

Mark Burke (born 12 February 1969) is a former English football player.

Source:

Darlington

IF Brommapojkarna

Edson Araújo

Edson Araujo da Silva (born 26 July 1980) is a former Brazilian football player.

Taro Kawano

Taro Kawano (born 4 February 1980) is a former Japanese football player.

Koichi Higashi

Koichi Higashi (born 23 August 1978) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Nara.

47||10||2||0||1||0||50||10
47||10||2||0||1||0||50||10

Hwang Hak-sun

Hwang Hak-Sun (born 10 October 1976) is a North Korean football player.

178||15||4||0||0||0||182||15
178||15||4||0||0||0||182||15

Roberto Torres

Roberto Torres (born 6 April 1972) is a former Paraguayan football player. He has played for the Paraguayan national team.

!Total||1||0

Krunoslav Lovrek

Krunoslav Lovrek (born 11 September 1979) is a Croatian footballer. He currently plays for Australian A-League club Sydney FC. He plays as a striker.

On 5 July 2012, Sydney FC said that Lovrek had signed a 1-year contract with them for the 2012–13 A-League season. He had his first training session with them on July 23 2012.


Djefatnebti

Djefatnebti was Ancient Egyptian queen of the 3rd dynasty. She lived at the end of that dynasty. She was a wife of Pharaoh Huni and mother of Queen Hetepheres I. We know for her and her name from a vessel from Elephantine. 

Title of Djefatnebti was "Great one of the hetes-sceptre". 

Meresankh I

Meresankh I was Ancient Egyptian queen of the 3rd dynasty of Egypt. She was a lesser ranked wife of Pharaoh Huni, mother of Pharaoh Sneferu, grandmother of Pharaoh Khufu. One of her great-granddaughters was named Meresankh II. 

Name of Meresankh appears on a fragment of the Palermo Stone. She is also mentioned at Meidum. 

Title of Meresankh was "King's Wife". 

Queens' name means "She Loves Life". Here is a name of this queen written in hieroglyphs:
U6-S29-S34

Huni

Huni was the last Pharaoh of Egyptian Third dynasty. He was successor of Khaba, and maybe Khaba's son. Huni established a fortress on the island of Elephantine, and he maybe built pyramid in Meidum.

One of officials of king Djoser was also named Huni, and it's possible that this man and pharaoh Huni are the same person. 

Huni had two wives - Djefatnebti and Meresankh I. With Djefatnebti, he fathered Hetepheres I, and with Meresankh he sired Sneferu, his own successor. Sneferu became a king after Huni's death, and he married his half-sister Hetepheres. Huni's grandson - son of Sneferu - was pharaoh Khufu, who built Great Pyramid of Giza.


Peace treaty

A peace treaty is a formal (official) agreement which ends a conflict. The conflict is usually between countries or governments, but may be between any other kind of group. The conflict is usually armed conflict, such as war, or serious disputes which might lead to war.

A peace treaty is different from an armistice, which is an agreement to cease hostilities, or a surrender, in which one side agrees to give up its arms.

Peace treaties are made in stages:

Peace treaties may include various items:

The earliest recorded peace treaty was between the Hittite and Egyptian empires. The Battle of Kadesh (about 1274 BC) took place in what is modern Syria. The entire Levant was at that time contested between the Egyptian and Hittite empires. After a costly four-day battle, in which neither side gained a clear advantage, both sides claimed victory.

Fear of further conflict between the two states persuaded both rulers, Hattusili III and Ramesses II, to end their dispute and sign a peace treaty. Both sides were threatened by other enemies. Egypt had to defend her western border against Libyan tribesmen, while the Hittites faced the threat of the Assyrian Empire, which had conquered Mesopotamia.

The peace treaty was recorded in two versions. One was in Egyptian hieroglyphics, the other in Akkadian, using cuneiform script. Fortunately, both versions survive. Such dual-language recording is common to many treaties. This treaty differs from others in that the two language versions are differently worded. Most of the text is identical, but the Hittite version claims that the Egyptians came suing for peace, while the Egyptian version claims the reverse.

The treaty was made in year 21 of Ramesses' reign, probably 1258 BC. It contains a mutual-assistance pact in case one of the empires should be attacked by a third party, or in the event of internal strife. There are articles on the forced repatriation (sending back) of refugees, and provisions that they should not be harmed. So this might be called the first extradition treaty. There are also threats of retribution, should the treaty be broken.

This treaty is so significant that a reproduction hangs in the United Nations headquarters.


Khaba

Khaba was a Pharaoh of the 3rd dynasty of Ancient Egypt. His predecessor was Sekhemkhet, and his successor was Huni. Khaba's reign is dated from 2640 BC to 2637 BC. 

We do not know who Khaba's parents were, but it is most likely that he was a son of Sekhemkhet and his wife Djeseretnebti. It is possible that Khaba was a father of Huni and grandfather of Sneferu. 

Khaba's name means "the soul appears". 

Monoamine oxidase inhibitor

Monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) and reversible monoamine oxidase inhibitors (RIMAs) are a type of antidepressant drugs given for the treatment of depression. They are good at treating atypical depression, Parkinson's disease, anxiety disorders, social phobia and have also shown to help people to stop smoking tobacco.

As MAOIs drugs can be fatal if someone takes too much, they are usually only ever given when other antidepressant drugs have failed. Some newer drugs such as selegiline and moclobemide have proven to be safer than the older MAOIs and are prescribed by physicians in the first instance.

MAOIs and RIMAs are used to provide a second line of treatment for certain psychiatric illnesses, most commonly types of hard to treat depression with not normal symptoms and anxiety disorders (with or without panic attacks). They may also be used for social phobia. MAO-B inhibitors are used to treat Parkinson's disease. Certain MAOIs have been shown to help people to stop smoking tobacco.

Monoamine oxidase inhibitors work by stopping the action of an enzyme called monoamine oxidase. This enzyme breaks down a group of brain signalling chemicals called the monoamine neurotransmitters. There are two types of the enzyme, MAO-A and MAO-B. Each type breaks apart different chemicals in the group. MAO-A breaks down melatonin, serotonin, epinephrine and norepinephrine. MAO-B breaks down phenylethylamine and the trace amines. These chemicals (neurotransmitters) are used in the brain for signalling purposes. Dopamine, for example, is a chemical that affects motivation and pleasure. Effectively, they work on balancing the brain's chemistry.

Like all drugs, MAOIs and RIMAs can have effects that are not intended and are not part of the treatment that the drugs provide. In this class of drug, these include a risk of a hypertensive crisis. This can be caused by high levels of tyramine; such as by eating cheese (except cream or cottage cheese, meat extracts such as Bovril, yeast extract, stock cubes, fermented soya bean products, alcohol (especially fortified wine (port, sherry), beer and chainti wine. Also preserved fish, preserved poultry, offal, avocado, banana skins, broad bean pods and pickled or smoked herring must be avoided. Certain medications can also cause a hypertensive crisis with MAOIs and RIMAs, such as; amphetamine, fenfluramine, ephedrine, phenlyephrine, phenylpropanolamine, nasal decongestants, L-dopa, pethidine and tricyclic antidepressants. Use of a RIMA rather than a MAOI can reduce these side-effects, however tyramine rich foods should still be avoided.



Isoform

A protein isoform is any of several different forms of the same protein. Different forms of a protein may be produced from related genes, or may be made from the same gene by alternative splicing. A large number of isoforms are caused by single-nucleotide polymorphisms or SNPs, small genetic differences between alleles of the same gene. These occur at specific individual nucleotide (building block of dna-strand) positions within a gene.

Google Wave

Google Wave is an internet application made by Google. Google describes Wave as an application which "lets you communicate and collaborate in real time". This means that Wave can be used for several people to edit a document at the same time, or for a group discussion. Waves can be used in a similar way to a forum, or just for emails and instant messaging between two or more people.

To use Google Wave in some browsers like Internet Explorer, you have to install Google Chrome Frame. This makes Internet explorer behave like Google Chrome on the Wave website. This is needed because Internet Explorer does not have enough features for Wave to work: it does not have full HTML5 support.

Google Wave was discontinued in 2010. It has been open sourced as Apache Wave.


Cherith Baldry

Cherith Baldry (born on January 21, 1947, in Lancaster, England) is an author. She grew up on a farm, and first worked as a teacher, but eventually became a full-time writer. She wrote the "Eaglesmount" series. She also works with Kate Cary, and Victoria Holmes under the pen name of Erin Hunter, writing the "Warriors" and "Seekers" series.

Baldry owns two cats, Bramble and Sorrel, and lives in England. 

Annihilationism

Annihilationism (also called conditional immortality) is something that some Christians believe. People who are annihilationists believe that those who do not go to heaven do not live forever in hell, but instead die and no longer exist. (Annihilationists often believe that people are punished for a period of time in hell before they stop existing). Most Christians are not annihilationists. Famous Christian writers who have written in favor of annihilationism include Edward Fudge, John Wenham, and Clark Pinnock. Christians who have written against annihilationism include J.P. Moreland, Robert Peterson, and Ron Rhodes.

Groups that believe in annihilationism include Seventh-day Adventists and Jehovah's Witnesses.

Wenzhou

Wenzhou (温州) is an important city in the Zhejiang province of the People's Republic of China. It has two satellite cities and six counties. In 2007, it had 7,645,700 living in it. It is in a very mountainous place. Because of that, it had been separated for a long time from the rest of the country. This made its culture and language very different from other areas.

Wenzhou was a prosperous foreign treaty port, which remains well-preserved today. It is in a very mountainous region and, as a result, has been isolated for most of its history from the rest of the country, making the local culture and language very different from those of neighbouring areas. Many of its people move to other countries like Europe and the United States. It is also famous for its oranges and bamboo.


Mejirodai

Mejirodai is a place in Bunkyō, Tokyo Japan. It is a quiet residential neighborhood. The postal code is 112-0015.

In 2019 7,117 people lived in the area on August 1.

Swiss Family Robinson

Swiss Family Robinson is a 1960 Walt Disney movie. It is based on an 1812 book of the same name by Johann David Wyss. The movie stars John Mills, Dorothy McGuire, James MacArthur, Tommy Kirk, Kevin Corcoran, Janet Munro, and Sessue Hayakawa as a pirate chief.

The movie is about a shipwrecked family building an island home. It was filmed on Tobago (with great difficulties) and in England. It was released just before Christmas 1960. It was a huge box office hit, and is one of the top movie moneymakers of all time.


Fabrosaurus

Fabrosaurus was a small, early, plant-eating dinosaur that lived in Africa during the Lower Jurassic, roughly 199 to 189 million years ago (mya). Very little is known about "Fabrosaurus" since only a portion of a jaw has been found. "Fabrosaurus" is a dubious genus; it may be the same dinosaur as "Lesothosaurus".

Lesothosaurus

Lesothosaurus was a small, early, lightly-built dinosaur. It was an herbivore (plant-eater) and a fast, agile runner. It was small and lizard-like, about 3 feet (1 m) long. It walked on two long legs, had four-toed feet, five-fingered hands, short arms, a long pointed tail, a flexible neck, and a small head. Its head was short and flat with large eyes. It had sharp, pointed front teeth and arrow-like cheek teeth, but its lower jaw ended in toothless bone. 

The place of this species within the Ornithischia is controversial. It is probably an ornithopod.

Stygimoloch

Stygimoloch was a plant-eating dinosaur that had bony spikes and knobs on its skull. This bipedal dinosaur lived during the late Cretaceous period, about 68 million to 65 million years ago.

Like other pachycephalosaurids, Pachycephalosaurus was a bipedal herbivore with an extremely thick skull roof. It had long hindlimbs and small forelimbs. Pachycephalosaurs probably head-butted as a defense and in rivalry.

22% of all domes examined had lesions suggesting osteomyelitis. This is an infection of the bone resulting from trauma. So pachycephalosaurid domes were probably used in intra-species combat.

"Stygimoloch" fossils were first discovered in North America, in Montana and Wisconsin. The first was discovered in Hell Creek, Montana and was named in 1983 by Peter M. Galton, a British paleontologist and Hans-Dieter Sues, a German paleontologist.

Hypacrosaurus

Hypacrosaurus (meaning "almost the largest lizard") was a large, plant-eating, hollow-crested duck-billed dinosaur similar to "Corythosaurus". 

The adults were about 30 feet (9 m) long. Their teeth were continually replacing, and packed into dental batteries that contained hundreds of teeth. Only a relative handful of teeth were in use at any one time. They had a short toothless beak. 

A row of long spines from their vertebrae formed a high fin along the back. The fossils are dated as 75 to 67 million years ago. 

Remains have been found of two species in the Upper Cretaceous of Alberta, Canada, and Montana, United States. It is the latest hollow-crested duckbill known from good remains in North America. In the 1990s nests, eggs, and hatchlings of one of the species was found.

Kesha

Kesha Rose Sebert, known simply as Kesha (stylized as Ke$ha until 2014; born March 1, 1987) is an American singer and songwriter. She has become famous for her style of dance-pop and electropop music, as well as her rap-singing of the lyrics to many of her biggest hits. She has three number-one songs in the U.S. They are "Tik Tok" (2009), "We R Who We R" (2010; number-one debut), and "Timber" with rapper Pitbull (2013). Kesha has also released the albums "Animal" (2010) and "Warrior" (2012), along with the EP "Cannibal" (2010) and the remix album "I Am the Dance Commander + I Command You to Dance" (2011). She also helped to co-write Britney Spears' 2011 single "Till the World Ends". She is also known for songs such as "Your Love Is My Drug", "Blow", "Take It Off", "Die Young", and "Blah Blah Blah", a collaboration with the alternative band 3OH!3.

Kesha Rose Sebert was born in Los Angeles, California, on March 1, 1987. She was raised by her single mother, Pebe Sebert, and moved to Nashville, Tennessee in 1991. She has one older brother and one younger brother.

In 2005, Kesha was in an episode of "The Simple Life", which starred Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie.

Her first single "Tik Tok" reached number one in the US, Australia, and Canada. "Tik Tok" became the best-performing song of 2010 in the United States. She has sold 55 million records.

In 2010, Kesha's first album "Animal" was released. Her first extended play "Cannibal" was released later that year. Her third studio album, "Warrior", was released in 2012.

In late 2013, Kesha was featured on rapper Pitbull's single "Timber". The song reached number one in Australia, Canada, the UK, and the US.

In July 2017, she released the single "Praying", along with its music video, and announced a new studio album, "Rainbow". The song reached the top 30 in Australia, the UK, US, and Canada. It is notably different from her other singles because it does not use the dance-pop or electropop genres that she is known for.

Kesha released her fourth studio album, "High Road", on January 31, 2020. It entered the "Billboard" 200 album chart at number seven.

Kesha is a vegetarian and is openly bisexual.

Early in her career, Kesha stated that the use of a dollar sign ($) in her stage name was meant to be ironic, as she was not raised in a wealthy household.

In January 2014, Kesha entered rehab for treatment for an eating disorder. Her mother says that her disorder started when she was 18. Later that year, she announced that her name would be styled back to "Kesha" instead of "Ke$ha", and her Twitter username was changed from @keshasuxx to simply @KeshaRose.

In February 2016, Kesha appeared in federal court in New York City to end her contract with Sony Music and the producer Dr. Luke—who has produced many of her biggest hits—claiming that he sexually and emotionally abused her. The court ruled that Kesha is to remain under her contract with Sony but is able to work with other producers. However, Kesha's lawyers argued that remaining with the same label would not benefit her. Other recording artists, such as Lady Gaga, Taylor Swift, Adele, and Demi Lovato, have shown support during Kesha's legal troubles.





Abbotsford, British Columbia

Abbotsford, British Columbia is a city in British Columbia. The mayor of Abbotsford is Henry Braun. The population is 133,497 from the 2011 census. It is part of the Fraser Valley.

A campus for the University of the Fraser Valley is located in Abbotsford.

Air travel for the city goes through the Abbotsford International Airport.

One of the largest industries is farming. Abbotsford is the largest dollar per acre of farming land in Canada. Earnings were around $1 billion in 2021.

The Abbotsford Canucks of the American Hockey League (AHL) play at the Abbotsford Centre. They are the AHL farm team for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). They used to be home to the Abbotsford Heat from 2009 until 2014. Abbotsford used to be home to the Fraser Valley Bandits of the Canadian Elite Basketball League (CEBL) until they moved to Langley.


Gus Bodnar

August Bodnar (April 24, 1923 in Fort William, Ontario – July 1, 2005 in Oshawa, Ontario) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Chicago Black Hawks and Boston Bruins.

A native of Fort William, Ontario, Bodnar played for teams in the NHL, Thunder Bay Junior Hockey League, and the AHL hockey leagues. He also competed for the Memorial Cup as a member of the Fort William Rangers.

At 5'10, and 160 lbs, Bodnar played the position of centre for the Fort William Rangers from 1940-1943, Fort William Forts from 1942-1943, Toronto Maple Leafs from 1943-1948, Pittsburgh Hornets from 1946-1948, Chicago Blackhawks from 1947-1954, and the Boston Bruins from 1953-1955.

Bodnar retired from playing hockey in 1955, but later came back to coach. Bodnar was the Coach and Manager of the Toronto Marlboros from 1967 to 1968, Head Coach of the Salt Lake Golden Eagles in the WHL from 1970 to 1971, Head Coach of the Oshawa Generals in the OHA from 1971 to 1976, and many other Junior Teams.

Bodnar was the recipient of the Calder Memorial Trophy in 1944, and won the Stanley Cup in 1945 and 1947. Bodnar played in the 1951 NHL All-Star Game, and was the recipient of the 1971 to 1972 Coach of the Year Award. Bodnar was elected to the North Western Sports Hall of Fame in 1983, and the Oshawa Sports Hall of Fame in 1995. On July 1, 2005, Bodnar died at the Lakeridge Health Unit in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada.




Danny Bois

Daniel Bois (born June 11, 1983 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger for the Rockford IceHogs of the American Hockey League.

Bois was drafted in the 3rd round, 97th overall in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft by the Colorado Avalanche. He played junior hockey for the London Knights of the OHL. He served as the team's Captain for several years.

Unsigned from the Avalanche, Bois signed with the Ottawa Senators on April 30, 2004. Bois played with affiliate, the Binghamton Senators, for five seasons playing in just one game with Ottawa in the 2006–07 season.

On July 20, 2009, Bois signed with the Chicago Blackhawks to a one-year contract. He was then assigned to AHL affiliate, the Rockford IceHogs for the duration of the 2009–10 season.

Abbotsford

Abbotsford may refer to a place in:

Australia

Canada

New Zealand

South Africa

United Kingdom

United States of America


Vanua Levu

Vanua Levu (), formerly known as Sandalwood Island, is the second largest island of Fiji. It is 64 kilometres to the north of the larger island Viti Levu, the island has an area of 5,587.1 km² and a population of 130,000.

HiT Entertainment

HIT Entertainment Limited (commonly written as HIT or HiT) is an Australian-American children's entertainment company. It was founded in 1982 as Henson International Television. It was the international distribution arm of The Jim Henson Company, by Jim Henson, Peter Orton and Sophie Turner Laing. When Henson wanted to sell the company to Disney in 1989, Peter Orton took over the company. HIT owns and distributes children's television series such as "Thomas and Friends", "Fireman Sam", "Raggs", "LazyTown", "Bob the Builder", "Kipper", "Oswald", "Pingu" and "Angelina Ballerina".






Apple A4

The Apple A4 is a microprocessor designed by Apple and manufactured by Samsung and first used in the iPad tablet computer, then in the iPhone 4 smartphone. It was also used in the iPod Touch (4th generation).

Apple announced the A4 on January 27, 2010, during their "Latest Creation" event.

On June 7, 2010, Steve Jobs publicly confirmed that the iPhone 4 would contain the A4 Processor, which is underclocked from 1.0 GHz to 800 MHz..


IPhone 4

The iPhone 4 is a smartphone made by Apple. It was first released on June 24, 2010. It was the first iPhone to include a front-facing camera.

The iPhone 4 was praised for being much more powerful than its previous models. It was also highly praised for its new design. However, it was criticized widely for occasionally reducing the strength of cellular data from calls if the user's hand covers the bottom-left of the phone.

Champlin, Minnesota

Champlin is a city in the U.S. state of Minnesota. 

Charles Miles created the first permanent settlement that was called called the Marshall Township which was split into six town's Champlin and Dayton in 1859.

The town's name "Champlin" came from the family name of U.S. Navy Commodore Stephen Champlin.


Fred Hollows

Fred Hollows (9 April 1929 – 10 February 1993) was a New Zealand and Australian eye doctor.

Hollows was born in 1929 in New Zealand. He studied medicine at Otago Medical School. In 1961, Hollows went to Moorfields Eye Hospital in England to study how to be a specialist eye doctor.

Later, Fred Hollows worked at the University of New South Wales. In the 1970's Fred Hollows helped to start a program to fix eye diseases in Aboriginal communities in Australia. Fred Hollows through the work of his foundation helped many Australians. Because of his work in Africa and Asia it is thought that more than one million people can see today. 

In 1993, Hollows died of metastatic renal cancer. Fred Hollows' work is now continued by his widow Gabi Hollows and the Fred Hollows Foundation. He had done many things to help poor children and families in under developed countries.


Procompsognathus

Procompsognathus was a small, speedy theropod dinosaur. This meat-eater lived during the late Triassic period, about 210 million years ago (mya). It probably ate insects and lizards in a relatively dry, inland environment. 

"Procompsognathus" may have been about one meter long (3.3 ft), 

A biped, "Procompsognathus" had long hind legs, short arms, large clawed hands, a long slender snout with many small teeth, and a stiff tail. The tibia is approximately 20% longer than the femur in "Procompsognathus". This suggests that they were good runners.

Saltopus

Saltopus was a small, lightly-built Upper Triassic reptile. So few bones were found that its exact nature is not known. 

It was 60 centimeters (23 in) long, not much bigger than a rabbit, and was discovered in Scotland by Friedrich von Huene in 1910. 

It was a carnivore. Not much more can be said until more remains are discovered.

Baroness Sophie Buxhoeveden

Baroness Sophie Buxhoeveden, also known as Sophia Karlovna Buxhoeveden (Russian: София Карловна Буксгевден, September 6, 1883 – November 26, 1956), was a lady in waiting to Tsarina Alexandra of Russia. She wrote three memoirs about the imperial family and about her own escape from Russia. In her book "Before the Storm", Sophie describes a side of old Russia seldom seen elsewhere, a family in the old fashioned provincial country life of the gentry in the years before the revolution. When she saw the famous imposter, Anna Anderson, who was at first claiming to be Grand Duchess Tatiana, she did not believe her. She called her "too short" to be Tatiana. When Anderson later claimed to be Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia, the Baroness said that Anderson "does not physically resemble her in the least".

Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia

Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia (О́льга Алекса́ндровна Рома́нова; "Olga Alexandrovna Romanova") ( – 24 November 1960) was the youngest child of Emperor Alexander III of Russia. Her older brother was Tsar Nicholas II. She was not close to her mother, Empress Maria Feodorovna. She was warmer towards her father, and they shared secrets and enjoyed time together. In 1901, she married Duke Peter Alexandrovich of Oldenburg. They separated in 1916. Olga married commoner Nikolai Kulikovsky, whom she had loved from 1903. After the Romanov family were destroyed in the Russian Revolution of 1917, she ran away to the Crimea with her mother, husband, and children, where they lived in great danger. Her brother and his family, including Olga's niece Grand Duchess Anastasia, were murdered by communists. After she escaped from Russia in 1919, Olga was often visited by people who claimed to be her dead relatives. She met Anna Anderson, the best-known Anastasia impostor, in a famous visit to Berlin Germany in 1925. She died when she was 78. Olga was the last surviving child of Alexander III of Russia and Maria Feodorovna, Empress of Russia. She was the last Grand Duchess of Imperial Russia


Tori Amos

Myra Ellen "Tori" Amos (born August 22, 1963) is an American singer and songwriter. She has won many awards for her music. Tori Amos sings in the mezzo-soprano range.

She was born in Catawba County, North Carolina. Her father, Edison Amos, is a Methodist minister. She claims her mother, Mary Ellen Amos, is part Cherokee Indian. Her grandfather, Calvin Clinton Copeland, was very important to her as a child. The things he taught her continue to be important to her as an adult.

Tori Amos was a talented child. She was able to play piano at the age of two and a half years. When she was two, her family moved to Baltimore, Maryland. When she was five years old, she was already writing her own songs on the piano. At age five she won a scholarship to an important music school called the Peabody Conservatory of Music. Tori enjoyed writing her own music and making songs up. She did not like playing music that was written by other people as much as she liked playing her own music. Because of this, they took her scholarship away at the age of eleven.

When Tori was 14, she began singing and playing piano at bars. Her father came with her to make sure she was safe. She won a singing contest by singing a song she wrote called "More Than Just a Friend". When she was 18, Tori recorded her first song. It was called "Baltimore." The song was entered into a contest being held by the Baltimore Orioles, a baseball team. Tori won the contest. The song was released on a 7" vinyl record. The song on the other side of the record was called "Walking With You". This record was Tori's very first music release, and 500 copies were made. Today it is considered a valuable item, and costs a large amount of money.

When Tori was 21, she changed her name from Myra Ellen to Tori. She moved to Los Angeles, California to try and become a professional singer and musician. She put together a rock band which was called Y Kant Tori Read. The name of the band was a joke about when she went to piano school and did not want to read sheet music, instead making up her own music. The band included guitarist Steve Caton, drummer Matt Sorum, bass guitarist Brad Cobb and keyboard player Jim Tauber. The band was signed to a recording contract with Atlantic Records. In 1988 they released their first and only album, also called "Y Kant Tori Read". It was released on 12" vinyl records, cassette tapes and compact discs. The album's style was rock and roll. It was a very different type of music from what Tori would become famous for later in her life.

The album did not sell many copies. It was considered a failure. The band broke up. Matt Sorum then joined the band Guns N' Roses, where he became well known. Brad Cobb became a successful musician also, playing in many different bands. Steve Caton later went on to perform with Tori on other projects until the year 1999.

Tori was disappointed with the failure of her album. She had to continue recording more albums for Atlantic Records because of an agreement to record up to six albums if they asked her to. Tori put together an album by herself, but when she played the music for the people at the record label, they did not like it. She spent more time on the music, changing some of the songs until the record company was pleased.

In 1991, Tori released "Little Earthquakes", her second album (after "Y Kant Tori Read".) This album was a success. The lyrics on the album were about personal memories and emotions Tori had. They were about topics like religion, sex and growing up. One song, called "Me and a Gun," was personal because it was about a time when Tori was raped.

In 1993, Tori released "Under the Pink", her third album. This album was even more successful than the last. The lyrics were still about topics from "Little Earthquakes". It included a song called "Icicle" which was about childhood masturbation.

Tori released "Boys For Pele", her fourth album, in 1996.. This was a much longer album, having 18 songs. The music was more complex and included different styles of music and types of musical instruments. Critics had different opinions about the album. Some reviews said the lyrics were hard to make sense of and that the music was not easy to listen to. Other reviews said the songs were very interesting and unique. Despite the mixed opinions, "Boys For Pele" was successful world-wide.

In 1998, Tori released "From the Choirgirl Hotel", her fifth album. Instead of focusing mostly on piano and many different instruments, this album included a style of music called "electronica". This type of music often uses computers to create musical sounds and rhythms. Tori also included a full band on most of the songs, including guitar, drums and bass guitar. The lyrics of the album were still very personal. Some topics included Tori's own miscarriages of several babies, and her marriage. Most of the reviews of this album were very positive. In the first week, the album sold more copies than any of her other albums did in their first week. However, the album's total sales were not as high as any of her previous ones.

Tori released her sixth album, "To Venus and Back" in 1999. This was a double album. Many times, a double album means that there are two discs, cassettes or records included and has more tracks than a normal album. But "To Venus and Back", had two albums packaged together under one concept. The first album in the set was called "Orbiting", and was a full new album of 11 recorded songs. The second album in the set was called "Live: Still Orbiting", and was a collection of live concert songs recorded at Tori's performances across the world. "Orbiting" was also an electronica theme like "From the Choirgirl Hotel". Lyrics were about things like growing up, losing her babies in her miscarriages and homosexuality. The album received mostly positive reviews. A single from the album called "Bliss" was the first song from a major record label to be sold on the internet as a digital song.

Tori now felt that her record label was not doing enough to promote her music and albums. She had only one album left to record and release for them according to their agreement. In 2001, she released her seventh album "Strange Little Girls". This album included songs that other singers and bands had written and recorded, but they were sung by Tori with a new idea of what they mean. Tori did not want to give her own songs to the record label if they were not going to properly promote them. The album featured Tori's versions of songs by performers like Neil Young, the band Slayer and the rapper Eminem. The album was a "concept album," which means that all of the songs were about one idea. The concept was to take songs that had been sung by men and sing them from a woman's point of view. The album received both good and bad reviews, but it did not sell nearly as many copies as her other albums.

In late 2001, Tori got a new contract with the record label Epic. In 2002, she released her eighth album, called "Scarlet's Walk", another concept album. In this concept, Tori created a story about a woman named Scarlet. Scarlet took a journey across America after the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 that happened in New York City. Scarlet meets a lot of different characters, mostly men. She has romances, friendships and gets involved in many situations. Each song is about one of the people she meets or one of the things that happens to her. The album was more successful than "Strange Little Girls", but did not meet the success of her other albums. However, the single "A Sorta Fairytale" was her most successful American radio single. The music video for this song featured Academy Award winning actor Adrien Brody.

In 2003, Tori released a greatest hits album called "Tales of a Librarian". The album was the final part of her agreement with Atlantic Records. She took many of her older songs and changed them in a recording studio, giving them new sounds. She also included two brand new songs. Also that year, Tori's new label, Epic joined with another label called BMG. Tori has said in interviews that this was not what she wanted to happen, and that the new people in charge were more interested in making money than in making good music. She also had a part in a movie called "Mona Lisa Smile". Tori played a singer at a wedding reception.

In 2005, Tori released her ninth album, "The Beekeeper". This album had a more traditional pop and rock musical style. It was described as adult contemporary music. The album was unusually long, with 19 songs on a regular edition and 20 songs on a special edition. The lyrics were about personal things in Tori's life. Many of them were about sickness and death. This is because in the year she recorded it, her mother nearly died of a heart attack, and then her older brother died in a car accident. Compared to her other albums, the album did not sell very well. The reviews of the album were both good and bad. Many said the album was too long. Later that year, Tori released a series of albums which were called "The Original Bootlegs". There were six albums in total, each with two CDs. Each album was of a full-length live concert performed for her "The Beekeeper" tour. The albums were at first sold separately, and later put together in a box-set. That year she also released a biography called "Piece by Piece". It was a best seller.

In 2006, Tori released a DVD called "Fade to Red". It was a compilation album of all her music videos. That same year she also released a complex box-set of music called "A Piano". This set had five CDs and compiled tracks spanning all the way back to the album "Little Earthquakes". The package for the set was shaped like a piano keyboard.

In 2007, Tori released her tenth album, "American Doll Posse", another concept album. This time Tori created several characters, but instead of just writing stories about them, she dressed up like them and created personalities for them. Tori would wear costumes and wigs for the characters during her concert performances. Each song on the album was supposed to be sung by one of the characters. The themes and music style of this album was very much like "The Beekeeper". The album was even longer, with 23 tracks on the regular version and 26 on the special edition. It sold around the same number of copies as the previous album, and reviews were similar as well. Again, many said the album was too long. Later that year, Tori released a series of albums which were called "Legs & Boots". There were 27 full double-albums released. Each one was the content from a live show during her tour for the album "American Doll Posse". These albums were only available online; there were no CD versions.

In 2008, Tori made an agreement with Epic Records and left the label. She released a live concert DVD called "Live in Montreaux 1991/1992". She then signed a contract with a new record label, Universal Republic.

In 2009, Tori released her eleventh album, "Abnormally Attracted to Sin". Though the album got almost all good reviews, it did not sell any better than her more recent albums. Later that year, she released an album called "Midwinter Graces". The album was like a holiday or Christmas album, but Tori called it a "seasonal album." It has both traditional carols and original songs by Tori.

In 2011 she released her first classical album, "Night of Hunters" on the classical label Deutsche Grammophon.

In 2012 she made her own record label, Transmission Galactic. On October 1 her thirteenth album, "Gold Dust", was released in the UK. One single was released, "Flavor". The song first appeared on her 2009 album "Abnormally Attracted to Sin".

She said in an interview that she will release a new album in 2014.


Amos was added to the North Carolina Music Hall of Fame on October 11, 2012.

| 1995

| 1995

| 1992

| rowspan=4|1992

| 2012

Satellite

Satellite may mean one of these:


Computer vision

Computer Vision is the subfield of Computer Science that studies ways to use a computer to process visual information contained in an image or video. The goal is for computers to understand and interpret what they see. Unlike Computer Graphics (which uses computers to make new images), Computer Vision takes visual information from the real world and then makes predictions about the contents those images or videos.

While it is easy for humans to look at an image and understand it without any effort, this is very difficult for computers. A computer image is actually just a grid of pixels, so a computer can only interpret an image as a long list of colors like ""red red blue black white red..."". There is no simple way for a computer to read this list of colors and determine that it contains a picture of a flower, or a dog, or a school bus. Computer Vision is the series of techniques to make sense out of this long list of colors.

At first, the field of Computer Vision focused on making computers understand images so that they could describe what they see. For example, scientists wanted a computer to be able to say "rabbit" when it was given a picture of a rabbit. It was challenging for scientists to devise ways to help computers understand images, and it was especially hard to get computers to do give the correct answers "reliably". Scientists discovered that even when a computer could accurately identify a "normal" rabbit in an image, the computer failed to understand that an upside-down rabbit was still a rabbit.

Early methods that scientists developed are called conventional techniques. They are still useful today. Some examples are:


Today, Computer Vision has improved dramatically thanks to advancements in Machine Learning. Computers can now easily identify objects in images and video, and they do it reliably without making many mistakes. Computers can even understand the "context" of an image, such as "two rabbits sitting under a bench in a forest at night". This is a much harder problem to solve than just being able to recognize a rabbit, and machine learning enables computers to solve this problem.

The key tool that enabled this progress is the neural network, which is a way for humans to train a computer to do Computer Vision tasks. Recent discoveries in better types of neural networks and deep learning has improved Computer Vision very fast since 2012.

These newer methods are called modern techniques. There are many different techniques in this category, but the most important examples are:


Computer Vision is very helpful to humans because computers can process a lot of information very quickly. Because they are so fast, computers can identify problems faster than humans can, or make measurements more accurately than humans. With Computer Vision, computers can also perform boring tasks that humans don't want to do, like monitoring surveillance video for hours at a time.

Google Books used scanned images of pages of books to convert those pages to a text format. This allowed users to search the text in the book without needing to read it page by page.

Computer systems use the X-Ray and MRI imaging of hospital patients to make a diagnosis as to whether or not they have cancer. In some instances, the computers have outperformed the doctors who make diagnoses on the same patient.https://www.bbc.com/news/health-50857759

Autonomous Cars use a combination of Computer Vision and LiDAR to detect pedestrians and Stop Signs when driving passengers.

Çatalhöyük

Çatalhöyük was a very large Neolithic and Chalcolithic settlement in southern Anatolia, which existed from approximately 7500 BC to 5700 BC. It is the largest and most well preserved Neolithic site found to date. The site is in Turkey. The population was about 6,000 and the food they ate was mainly wheat, barley and rice. Catal Huyuk had no roads, so dwellings were accessed via hatches or trap doors in the roofs of the buildings, which were in turn entered via ladders. No trace of a central government has ever been found at Çatalhöyük.
In July 2012, it was inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Tui Sutherland

Tui Tamara Sutherland (born July 31, 1978 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a writer of children's novels who has written both under her own name and several pen names. Originally working as the editor of the "Warriors" series, Sutherland is known for writing the epic dragon fantasy "Wings of Fire" book series, and has sold over 15 million books in her career. She also appeared on three episodes of the game show "Jeopardy!", winning $46,200 in 2009.

Named after the tui, a noisy bird from her mother's homeland (New Zealand), Tui T. Sutherland was born in Caracas. She also lived in Asuncion, Miami, Santo Domingo and New Jersey as a child. She loved reading classic books with her sister Kari and always dreamed of becoming an author.

After finishing college Sutherland became an literary editor in Brooklyn, joining the team behind the "Warriors" cats books. When the series was successful, she decided to write books of her own, including the successful "Wings of Fire" dragon fantasy books. She eventually moved to Watertown, where she currently lives with her husband and two sons.

She is known to enjoy holding live events where fans can interact with her and ask questions.


Blood and soil

Blood and soil is a concept first developed in the 19th century. It looks at a person's blood, to see where they come from, and who their ancestors were. It also looks at the soil a person is working on, to make a claim that they should indeed work and occupy that land. In the nineteenth century, the idea was linked to racism and to nationalism. 
One of the first to use "Blut und Boden", or "blood and soil" was Oswald Spengler in his book "Der Untergang des Abendlandes". In the book, Spengler talks about the "struggle of blood and soil about the inner form of a relocated species of animal and man". Walther Darré took the phrase and established the link. In his book "Neuadel aus Blut und Boden" (New nobility from blood and soil) he tries to show the relation between economic and agrarian policies, as well as racial ones.

Another idea of the blood and soil ideology comes from Lamarckism: The ethnic characteristics of a population are linked to the geographical regions it inhabits; only in this region will it be able to fully live up to its potential.

There is also a literary genre called "blood and soil". In it, it shows an agrarian society living up to this ideals. People writing in this style were Gerhard Schumann and Herbert Böhme. The ideas are also sometimes shown in artworks. Artists included Adolf Ziegler, Arthur Kampf, Arno Breker and Josef Thorak. Very often, such artworks were seen as degenerate art when the Nazi party came to power. Artists had to flee, many died in exile.

Today, the phrase is associated with Nazi ideology. White supremacist gathers at the 2017 Charlottesville riots were heard chanting "blood and soil", presumably to align themselves with Nazism.

Argentinosaurus

Argentinosaurus was a titanosaurid sauropod dinosaur. It was an enormous, long-necked, long-tailed, quadrupedal, plant-eater from Argentina, South America during the Cretaceous period.

"Argentinosaurus" meaning "Argentina lizard", was named by paleontologists Coria & José Bonaparte in 1993. It is known from fossilized back vertebrae, tibia, ribs and sacrum, found in Neuquén Province. It may be the largest dinosaur, but its remains are so incomplete that palaeontologists prefer to use "Saltasaurus" for their calculations. An accurate estimate was got for the much more complete sub-adult "Dreadnoughtus".

The following shows the disagreement on estimates of size:

National Public Radio

National Public Radio (NPR) is an American non-profit media organization headquartered in Washington, D.C., with its NPR West headquarters in Culver City, California. It serves as a national syndicator to a network of over 1,000 public radio stations in the United States. It differs from other non-profit membership media organizations, such as the Associated Press, in that it was established by an act of Congress. 

The following shows are made by NPR in their studios in Washington, DC and Los Angeles:


The following shows are produced by other people & distributed by npr

William R. Rathvon is the only known eyewitness of the Gettysburg Address to have left an audio recording of what he remembered. 1 year before he died in '39, Rathvon's remarks were rec. at Feb 12, '38. It incl. his reading the address itself. The title of the rec. was "I Heard Lincoln That Day - William R. Rathvon, TR Productions". NPR found a copy during a "Quest for Sound" project in '99. NPR allows people to hear the rec. around Lincoln's birthday.

Propithecus

Propithecus is the genus of the sifakas. They are a genus of lemur in Madagascar. Nine species have been identified. They cannot run on all four legs because their legs are much longer than their arms. Instead, they bounce along the forest floor, jumping from one foot to the other, holding their arms up in the air. Some of them are critically endangered species.

Hornbill

The hornbills (Bucerotidae) are a family of bird found in tropical and subtropical Africa, Asia and Melanesia. They have a long, down-curved bill which is often brightly colored and sometimes has a box-like thing on the upper mandible. Many states of India like Kerala are fond of the hornbills. It is also the state bird of Kerala.

The female hornbill lays her eggs in a hole in a tree. Then, helped by her mate, she seals herself in, covering the entrance with droppings and mud. Only a small slit is left, through which the male gives her food. This keeps the nest safe from snakes until the chicks are grown enough to leave the nest, and learn how to fly.


Weaver ant

Weaver ants (also known as tailor ants or green ants; genus "Oecophylla") are eusocial insects of the Formicidae family. They make their nests from living leaves, still attached to the tree. Instead of needles and thread, they use a rare type of silk, made in the mouths of their own grubs. The grubs are passed to and from between the leaves, to sew them together. Tailor ants may be found in the rainforest of Asia.

Colonies of weaver ants can be very large, containing more than half a million workers. The colonies can be made up of more than a hundred nests across several trees.


Bellbird

The bellbird is a bird native to Central and South America. It gets its name from its call which sounds like a bell. It uses this call to attract its mate. The bellbird has the loudest voice of any bird, so loud it can be heard a mile or more away.

Greater bulldog bat

The greater bulldog bat or fisherman bat ("Noctilio leporinus") of South America hunts for its food using sound. It makes a high clicking noise that hits ripples in the water. By listening for the echoes, the bat can tell not only where the ripples are, but also locate the fish that made them.

Chelsea Grin (band)

Chelsea Grin is an American deathcore band from Salt Lake City, Utah.

The band was originally called "Ahaziah" before the name of the band was changed to "Chelsea Grin", named after the torture method known as the ""Glasgow Smile"".

The band has released 3 albums, ""Desolation of Eden", 'My Damnation", and "Ashes to Ashes" and one ep ""Chelsea Grin EP"". ""Desolation of Eden"" reached number 21 on The Billboard Top Heatseekers Chart.




Ogden, Utah

Ogden, Utah is a city in Weber County, Utah, USA with a population of 87,321 as of the 2020 census. Ogden was originally named Fort Buenaventura. Fort Buenaventura was the first permanent settlement by people whose families came from Europe in the area now known as Utah. A trapper named Miles Goodyear established it in 1846 a mile west of present downtown Ogden. Then a year later, the fort was bought by Mormon settlers for about $2,000. Brownsville is another name that was once used for the settlement. When the area was renamed, it was named after Peter Skene Ogden, a Hudson Bay Company leader who trapped animals for fur in the Weber Valley.

Ogden is the county seat of Weber County. It lies to the east of the Great Salt Lake, the west of the Wasatch Front mountain range, and is basically north of Salt Lake City.

Weber State University is located in Ogden. Damian Lillard, an NBA player on the Portland Trailblazers, played basketball in college for the Weber State Wildcats.

Macleans College

Macleans College is a secondary school in Bucklands Beach, Auckland, New Zealand. The school was opened in 1980 by the Governor General Sir David Beattie. The current principal is Byron J Bentley. Over 2,500 students go to this school. Students have a choice of which qualifications they want to do - NCEA (National Certificate of Educational Achievement), and CIE (Cambridge International Examinations). 

Macleans was the first public school in New Zealand to use the "Whanau House System". This is dividing the school up into nine 'houses'. Each house contains about 300 students in total, with two classes of 30 students in each year. These nine houses are named after some famous people from New Zealand. The names are: Batten, Mansfield, Nieto, Rutherford, Kupe, Hillary, Te Kanawa, Snell and Upham. The school began with only 4 of these houses, but has got bigger over the years. The newest house is Upham house, which opened in 2003.

Some of the teachers at Macleans College are Dr Holborow (Physics Teacher). Mr Fletcher (History and Social Sciences teacher). Mrs Bungay (Computing and Information Management teacher). Mr Davidson (Social Sciences). Mr Edwards (Mathematics). Mrs Woodhead (English). Mrs Gill (English). Dr Kleinmans (Science and Chemistry). Ms Power (Science). Mr Tai (Science). 


Hattusili III

Hattusili III was a king of the Hittite empire around 1267–1237 BC. He was the fourth and last son of Mursili II. 

Hattusili led the Hittite forces in the Battle of Kadesh against Egypt in 1274 BC. Hattusili and the Egyptian pharaoh Ramesses II later made a peace treaty. This is the earliest treaty which has survived to the present day. Apparently, it was based upon previous Hittite models. The treaty set up a long-lasting peace between the two rival empires. Ramesses married Hattusili's daughter, and years later he married another Hittite princess.

Garfield and Friends

Garfield and Friends is an animated television show that is based on the comic strip "Garfield". The show aired on CBS from 1988 to 1994 on Saturday mornings. Then reran on Cartoon Network from 1995 to 1997, Nickelodeon from 1997 to 2000, ABC Kids (then known as Disney's One Saturday Morning) from 2000 to 2001, Freeform (then known as ABC Family) from 2001 to 2003, Toon Disney from 2003 to 2006, and Boomerang from 2006 to 2007. In addition to "Garfield" cartoons, it also features cartoons based on "U.S. Acres", another comic strip created by Jim Davis.


Heungseon Daewongun

Heungseon Daewongun (Hangul: , Hanja: , 1820 - 1898) was the title of Korean politician and regent of the Joseon dynasty Yi Ha-eung. Yi Ha-eung received the title when he became regent for King Gojong who was a child when he became King of Korea. Yi ruled between 1863 and 1874, during his rule he tried to close Korea from foreign influences and protect the traditional Korean way of life; when Christian missionaries threatened the traditional Korean social hierarchy, he became a persecutor of Christians martyring Korean converts and Western missionaries.

Marc Ferrez

Marc Ferrez (December 7, 1843 – January 12, 1923) was a Brazilian photographer born in Rio de Janeiro.

Ferrez's life was dedicated to the art of photography and he is considered one of the greatest photographers of his time. His production was massive, and his photographs document the consolidation of Brazil as a nation and Rio de Janeiro as a metropolis. His career was energized when he made part of Professor Charles Hartt's Geological Commission which covered the north and south of the country.

In 1865, Ferrez opened his own studio at Rua São José, in the center of Rio de Janeiro. He was made "Photographo da Marinha Imperial" and his work with images increased through his life. He photographed Brazil from south to north, but paid more attention to his home city, Rio de Janeiro. His masterpieces are the great albums of railway constructions and the great panoramic views of the city of Rio de Janeiro and its quick development.

Ferrez died in 1923 and left thousands of pictures and reproductions of his works.

XSLT

XSLT, which stands for "Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformations" is a programming language. XSLT is based on XML. It is part of XSL, and is used for transforming XML documents, most of the time. The language is Turing complete. This means that anything that can be computed by a Turing machine can also be done in XSLT. 

Uses for XSLT include:

Goo Ha-ra

Goo Ha-ra (; January 3, 1991 – November 24, 2019) was a South Korean singer, known for being a member of girl group Kara formed by DSP Entertainment in 2007.

Goo Ha-ra was born on January 3, 1991, in Gwangju, South Korea. Before debuting, she participated in the SM's youth appearance tournament in 2005. In 2007, she auditioned for JYP, however, she lost the runoff.

She was also an online shopping mall model, having been scouted after her photos were uploaded onto DSP's homepage. Thus, Goo Hara became a member of Kara. Currently, she postponed going to university in order to concentrate on her career.

Kara debuted on March 29, 2007. In 2008, however, a member, Kim Sunghee, left the group. DSP Entertainment replaced her with two new members, Goo Hara and Kang Jiyoung, and Kara made a comeback with Rock U, which changed their image from "Hip-hop" to "cute and playful".

In December 4, 2008, Kara started their comeback on M! Countdown with "Pretty Girl". In February 2009, Kara released their second mini-album "Honey". "Honey" became the group's first #1 single when it was at the top of the "M! Countdown" and The Music Trend.

In late July 2009, Kara revealed their second album named "Revolution". Due to the popularity of their songs Wanna and Mister, Kara's overall popularity increased. Kara recently started promotions with their third mini-album "Lupin".

In late 2008, she appeared along with the other Kara members in an episode of MBC sitcom "That Person is Coming", having the most prominent role as a female gang leader.

She joined MBC's "Hunters", along with SS501's Kim Hyun Joong, Jung Yong Hwa, Lee Hwi Jae, Shin Jung Hwan and two professional hunters to catch overpopulated wild boars that have become a dangerous threat to people and crops. The first episode aired on December 6, 2009. However, due to complaints about animal rights after the first episode, the show's format was quickly changed to "Eco House"; Goo Hara does not appear in the new show.

In October 2009, she became a cast member in KBS reality show "Invincible Youth" ("청춘불패"). In January 2015, she became a co-host in KBS "A Style For You" along with Hani.

On May 26, 2019, Goo tried to kill herself in her apartment and was hospitalized.

On November 24, Goo was found dead at her home in Cheongdam-dong, Gangnam. Police investigation said suicide is the likely cause of death.


Avimimus

Avimimus (meaning "bird mimic") was a recently discovered maniraptoran. It was a very fast moving, light-weight, bird-like theropod dinosaur that lived in the late Cretaceous in what is now Mongolia, around 70 million years ago. that may have had feathers. There are two known species, Avimimus portentosus and Avimimus nemegtensis.

The forelimbs were relatively short. The bones of the hand were fused together, as in modern birds, and a ridge on the ulna (lower arm bone) was interpreted as an attachment point for feathers by Kurzanov. Kurzanov, in 1987, also reported the presence of quill knobs, and while Chiappe confirmed the presence of bumps on the ulna, their function remained unclear. Kurzanov was so convinced they were attachment points for feathers that he concluded that "Avimimus" may have been capable of weak flight. The presence of feathers is now widely accepted, but most paleontologists do not believe "Avimimus" could fly.

Merv Griffin

Mervyn Edward "Merv" Griffin, Jr. (July 6, 1925 – August 12, 2007) was the creator of many famous game shows like "Jeopardy!" and "Wheel of Fortune". He worked from 1944 until his death in 2007.

Griffin was born July 6, 1925, in San Mateo, California to an Irish-American family. He was married to Julann Wright from 1958 until they divorced in 1976. They had one son, Tony Griffin. Griffin died on August 12, 2007 in Los Angeles, California from prostate cancer, aged 82.


Thescelosaurus

Thescelosaurus was a medium-sized plant-eating dinosaur. It lived in forests during the late Cretaceous period in North America, about 68 to 65 million years ago. 

One complete specimen and eight incomplete "Thescelosaurus" skeletons, including skin impressions, are known. They have been found in Wyoming, Montana, and South Dakota in the USA, and in Alberta and Saskatchewan in Canada.

True "Thescelosaurus" remains are known definitely only from late Maastrichtian-age rocks, from Canada, Wyoming, Montana (Hell Creek), and Colorado (Laramie Formation), USA. 

With the exception of birds, it was one of the last genera of dinosaurs. Its remains were found three meters from the boundary clay containing the iridium layer that marks the end of the Cretaceous.

Segnosaurus

Segnosaurus (meaning "slow lizard") was a herbivorous theropod dinosaur that lived during the late Upper Cretaceous, about 93 million years ago. It was a rather large Therizinosaur. This is a family of theropods which were herbivores. They changed from the usual carnivorous lifestyle of their ancestors.

Four partial skeletons of "Segnosaurus" have been found in Mongolia. It had a long flexible neck, long head, three-toed feet, a broad strong pelvis, stocky legs with clawed fingers and toes, and a short tail. In 2010 Gregory Paul estimated the body length at six metres, the weight at 1.3 tonnes. 

Riojasaurus

Riojasaurus was a herbivorous prosauropod dinosaur. It was one of the earliest of the large, plant-eating dinosaurs. "Riojasaurus" lived during the Upper Triassic, roughly 225 to 219 million years ago. Fossils have been found in La Rioja Province in Argentina. There are include incomplete skeletons from about 20 individuals.

"Riojasaurus" had a heavy body, bulky legs, and a long neck and tail. Its leg bones were dense and massive for a prosauropod. By contrast, its vertebrae were lightened by hollow cavities, and unlike most prosauropods, "Riojasaurus" had four sacral vertebrae instead of three.

It probably moved slowly on all fours and could not rear up on its back legs. The nearly equal length of the fore and hindlimbs is also suggestive of a quadrupedal animal.

Nicol David

Datuk Nicol Ann David (born August 26, 1983) is a Malaysian professional squash player. She is the current world number 1 in women's squash, and is the first Asian woman to achieve this. She won the British Open title in 2005, 2006 and 2008. She also won the World Open title in 2005, 2006, 2008 and 2009.

Nicol is the first squash player to have won the World Junior title twice; in 1999 and 2001. She was the only female squash player to have done this until in 2007. This was when Raneem El Weleily won her second World Junior Championship. Nicol joined WISPA and turned professional in 2000 when she won her first WISPA title, after only a month in the tour. The win came in February, when she beats Salma Shabana in the final of the Savcor Finnish Open. On June 7, 2008, Nicol David was recognized with the Order of Merit (Darjah Bakti) or D.B. in conjunction with the birthday of the His Majesty Tuanku Mizan Zainal Abidin. She was the first recipient of the award which was started on June 26, 1975. Nicol was also invited to carry the Olympic torch for Malaysia during the build up to the Athens Olympics in 2004 and being appointed as UNDP National Goodwill Ambassador for Malaysia.

Nicol David's other notable achievements include the Asian Squash Championship, which she won with a record of seven times (in 1998, 2000, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2008 and 2010). She also held a 13-month, 51-match winning streak, from March 2006 until April 2007. In April 2007 she finally lost to Natalie Grinham in the final of the 2007 Seoul Open. Nicol has also won the WISPA Player of the Year on five consecutive times, from 2005 until 2009.

Penang

Penang (also known Pulau Pinang) is a state in Malaysia. It is on the northwestern part of Malaysia. The capital city of Penang is George Town. by the Strait of Malacca. A resident of Penang is known as a Penangite. It has two parts – Penang Island and Butterworth on the mainland. The state of Penang is next to Kedah to the north and east, and Perak to the south.

From the 14th century Portuguese traders set foot on the island of Penang. They were looking for spices to sell.

Then, many years later Chinese traders arrived and it was then the island was first put onto a map. On 17 July 1786, Captain Francis Light, an English sailor landed on the island. He built a fort called Fort Cornwallis, On 12 August 1786, Light renamed the island Prince of Wales Island after the Prince of Wales. He named the new town George Town in honour of King George III of England.

Penang is a geographically divided into two sections:

The geography of Seberang Perai is mostly flat. It has a long coastline, the majority of which is lined with mangrove. 

The island of Penang is composed of two districts:
The north and east of Penang island is very built up. Here is where most of the population live. 

This includes: Batu Ferringhi, Tanjong Bungah, Tanjong Tokong and Georgetown

The north west and middle of the island is covered with thick forest.

The highest temperature ever recorded in Penang was 40.0°C (104.0°F) on 22 January 1976 and the lowest was 15.0°C (59.0°F) on 24 November 1979.
As in the rest of Malaysia, Penang has a tropical rainforest climate bordering on a tropical monsoon climate, although the state does experience slightly drier conditions from December to February of the following year. The climate is very much dictated by the surrounding sea and the prevailing wind system.

Penang's proximity with the island of Sumatra makes it susceptible to dust particles carried by wind from perennial but transient forest fires, creating a phenomenon known as the Southeast Asian haze.

The Penang Meteorological Office in Bayan Lepas is the primary weather forecast facility for northern Malaysia.

In 2012 artist Ernest Zacharevic created a series of 6 wall paintings. Since these paintings, the street art scene has grown.

There are lots of examples around Georgetown. Many people come to the city just to see them!

The population of Penang is 1,902,116 as of 2016.[3] It is very crowded with lots of construction going on.

Penang Island has a population of 711,102 in 2016.

Penang Island is the most populated island in Malaysia.

There are many people and cultures in Penang.

Malays, Chinese, Indian (Malaysian Indian), Europeans, Australians, Americans, Indonesians, Myanmar, Vietnam, Thailand, and South Asian nations.

Because of this, Penang is very famous for its delicious food! Other clues that tell us where people moved here from include the buildings and the languages spoken. 



Karnak

Karnak is the largest ancient religious site in the world. The complex of temples is near Luxor on the Nile in Egypt. Luxor is some 500 km south of Cairo. About thirty pharaohs contributed to the buildings. The site reached a size, complexity, and diversity not seen elsewhere. 

The Karnak Temple Complex—usually called Karnak—is a vast group of ruined temples, chapels, pylons, and other buildings. The largest and most important are the Great Temple of Amun, and a massive structure begun by Pharaoh Ramses II (ca. 1391–1351 BC). 

An ancient sacred lake is part of the site as well. The area around Karnak was the ancient Egyptian Ipet-isut ('The Most Selected of Places'). It was the main place of worship of the eighteenth dynasty, part of the monumental city of Thebes. 

This is the largest precinct of the temple complex, dedicated to Amun-Re (a form of Amun), the chief deity. There are several colossal statues including the figure of Pinedjem I which is 10.5 meters tall. The sandstone for this temple, including all the columns, was transported from Gebel Silsila 100 miles south on the Nile river. It also has one of the largest obelisks weighing 328 tonnes and standing 29 meters tall.

The Great Hypostyle Hall of Karnak, within the Karnak temple complex, in the Precinct of Amun-Re, is one of the most visited monuments of Ancient Egypt.

The hall covers an area of 50,000 sq ft (5,000 m2). The roof, now fallen, was supported by 134 columns in 16 rows; the 2 middle rows are higher than the others (being 33 feet (10 m) in circumference and 80 feet (24 m) high).

The hall was not begun by Horemheb, or Amenhotep III as earlier scholars had thought. It was built entirely by Seti I who covered the northern wing of the hall with inscriptions. Decoration of the southern wing was completed by Ramesses II. Ramesses changed Seti's names to his own along the main east-west axis of the Hall and part of the north-south processional route. 

The precinct of Amun-Re is the only part of Karnak which is open to the public. There are also three smaller precincts, which are not open:

Orochimaru (Naruto)

Orochimaru is a fictional character of the manga Naruto. He is one of the greatest villain of the story, as well as a very powerful and dangerous ninja. He was formerly a ninja of Konoha, but defected 10 years before the beginning of the story, because his research about a technique which could allow Orochimaru to become immortal was discovered by Konoha officials and the Third Hokage. He then created his own village, Otogakure, and vowed to destroy his former home. When he was a ninja of Konoha, he was the most brilliant pupil of the Third Hokage, the leader of the village, and was considered to be one of the most powerful ninja of the entire village. The Third Hokage even wanted Orochimaru to succeed him as the Fourth Hokage but the title was later given to Minato Namikaze, Naruto's father and Jiraiya's pupil. 

In the first part of the series, Orochimaru tried to destroy his former home, invading it with an army of ninja, and killed his former master, but failed to destroy completely the village. He later took Sasuke Uchiha as his apprentice, but was betrayed by him after training him during two and a half years. Sasuke attacked Orochimaru when he was close to death, but Sasuke could not kill him and absorbed him in his body instead. 

During the fight between Sasuke and his brother Itachi, Orochimaru was able to come out of Sasuke's body, but was quickly defeated by Itachi, who imprisoned him in a eternal illusion. Orochimaru was later reincarnated by Sasuke Uchiha in order to revive the first 4 Hokage. Orochimaru later participated in the Fourth Shinobi World War against Madara Uchiha and Obito Uchiha. Orochimaru had a son named Mitsuki who is the same age as Boruto Uzumaki, the son of Naruto Uzumaki and Hinata Hyuga. Mitsuki the son of ordinary is part of the new team 7 sarda boruto mitsuki 

The Uzamaki Clan was later reformed to the Senjuists.

Answerbag

Answerbag was a website where people submit questions and give answers to user-submitted questions. It was started in 2003, and cancelled on 15 December 2015.

Question submissions varied widely; from the mundane and everyday to questions about rare things a few people may be curious about. Registration was free.


Constitution of the United Kingdom

The Constitution of the United Kingdom is a set of laws and rules in the United Kingdom that governs how the country is organized and the basic rights and freedoms of the people.

The UK's constitution is not written in one single document like many other countries' are. In fact, the UK's constitution is not completely written down at all. Some of it can be found in writing, starting with the Magna Carta of 1215 and the Bill of Rights Act 1689 and including more modern Acts of Parliament. Other parts of it are considered common law and are made up of the decisions of judges over many hundreds of years in a system called legal or judicial precedence. Because of this, some people say that the United Kingdom has a "de facto" or "unwritten" constitution.

Using the word "unwritten" is a problem, because most British laws and rules are written as statutes, or court judgments, the law of equity and in various treaties. Most of these laws come from the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Because most of the constitution is written down in this way, it is not technically correct to call it "unwritten" or ""de facto"". However, these words are still used. The Constitution of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is even more different to most other constitutions in that it is just a normal set of laws, and not a "higher" law that the government cannot easily change. The constitution has no more authority than any other law in the UK, and the government can change it just by passing a new Act. 

Parliamentary sovereignty means that the UK Parliament can pass, change and remove any law it wants. Countries with codified ("written") constitutions usually have a set of rules that make it harder for legislatures to change the constitution. In the UK, the constitution can be changed with a new Act. 

The United Kingdom has rule of law. This means that everyone, including important government officials, has to follow the law. The rule of law also means that people can't be punished for doing something that isn't illegal.

The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy. This means it has a Queen or a King. The Queen or King is decided by whether or not their parents, or other close relative, were King or Queen. Oldest brothers used to get to be King first, then the next brother, and so on, turning only to daughters when there were no sons. Queen Elizabeth II changed this, however, and rewrote the law so that the eldest child now becomes the next monarch no matter what that person’s gender is.



German philosophy

German philosophy refers to philosophy written in German or by German philosophers. It started in the 17th century during the Age of Enlightenment, from Leibniz and Wolff through Kant, Schelling, Fichte, Hegel, Schopenhauer, Marx, Engels, and into the times of Nietzsche and Wittgenstein.

The philosophy that dominated this century was the school of German philosopher and mathematican Gottfred Leibniz, later expanded by his follower, Christian Wolff. Leibniz thought that knowledge comes from reason alone.

On the wake of the Enlightenment, a new philosophy called "critical philosophy" developed in Germany. It combined the ideals of philosophers Jean-Jacques Rousseau (1712-1778) of France and Switzerland and David Hume (1711-1776) of Scotland, and rationalism and empiricism. The founder of this school was Immanuel Kant. He published three "critiques", the most revolutionary being "Critique of Pure Reason" (1781), the other two being, "Critique of Practical Reason" and "Critique of Judgement". Two followers of Kant, Schelling and Fichte, thought that Kant's system had some errors and sought to improve it. A third philosopher, Hegel (1770-1831), developed his own kind of German idealism. His books are often difficult to read, and his ideas influenced many people, including those who agreed with him, and those who did not.

Ghee

Ghee is a product made from animal milk. It is used in India, Nepal and Pakistani cookings as a form of oil or cooking fat. It is made by boiling butter until all the water has evaporated out and the milk solids have settled to the bottom. 

Ghee can be made out of many different kinds of milk like cow, sheep, and buffalo milk. Ghee aged 10 to 100 years, called "Kumbhiighrta", is believed to have medicinal properties. Ghee which is washed for 100 times is called "Shata Dhauta Ghrita" and considered as the oldest Ayurvedic cream. 

Composition of Ghee depends on the type of animal milk used. Palmitic acid and Oleic acid are the main fatty acids found in ghee prepared from cow and sheep milk.

Library of Alexandria

The Great Library of Alexandria was a large and significant library of the ancient world. It was founded in Alexandria, Egypt. The Library flourished under the patronage of the Ptolemaic dynasty and functioned as a major center of scholarship. It was built in the third century BC.

In ancient Latin, the library was known as the ("see image at right"). The Greek term "bibliotheke" ("βιβλιοθήκη"), used by many historians of the era, refers to the collection of books, not to any building. This complicates the history and chronology. 

The library was conceived and opened either during the reign of Ptolemy I Soter or during the reign of his son Ptolemy II. 

Plutarch (AD 46–120) wrote that during his visit to Alexandria in 48 BC, Julius Caesar might have accidentally burned the library when he set fire to his own ships to frustrate Achillas' attempt to limit his ability to communicate by sea. According to Plutarch's account, this fire spread to the docks and then to the library.

However, this version of events is not confirmed in contemporary accounts of Caesar's visit. In fact, it has been reasonably established that segments of its collection were partially destroyed on several occasions before and after the first century BC. A modern view attributes the destruction to Coptic Christian Archbishop Theophilus of Alexandria in 391, who called for the destruction of the Serapeum -- the Daughter library and a temple to the god Serapis.

According to the earliest source of information, the library was initially organized by Demetrius of Phaleron, a student of Aristotle, under the reign of Ptolemy I Soter (ca.367 BC—ca.283 BC).

The library comprised a "peripatos" (walk), gardens, a room for shared dining, a reading room, lecture halls and meeting rooms. However, the exact layout is not known. This model's influence may still be seen today in the layout of university campuses. The library itself is known to have had an acquisitions department (possibly built near the stacks, or for utility closer to the harbour), and a cataloguing department. The hall contained shelves for the collections of scrolls (as the books were at this time on papyrus scrolls), known as "bibliothekai" ("βιβλιοθῆκαι"). It was rumored that carved into the wall above the shelves, a famous inscription read: "The place of the cure of the soul."

It was the first known library to gather a serious collection of books from beyond its country's borders. The Library was charged with collecting all the world's knowledge. It did so through an aggressive and well-funded royal mandate involving trips to the book fairs of Rhodes and Athens and a policy of pulling the books off every ship that came into port. They kept the original texts and made copies to send back to their owners. Alexandria, because of its man-made bidirectional port between the mainland and the Pharos island, welcomed trade from the East and West, and soon found itself the international hub for trade, as well as the leading producer of papyrus and, soon enough, books.

The library was also home to a host of international scholars. The library filled its stacks with new works in mathematics, astronomy, physics, natural history and other subjects. It was at the Library of Alexandria that the scientific method was first conceived and put into practice, and its empirical standards applied in serious textual criticism. As the same text often existed in several different versions, comparative textual criticism was crucial for ensuring their accuracy. Once ascertained, copies would then be made for scholars, royalty and wealthy bibliophiles the world over, this commerce bringing income to the library. The editors at the Library of Alexandria are especially well known for their work on Homeric texts. The more famous editors generally also held the title of head librarian. These included, among others,

Already famous in the ancient world, the library's collection became even more storied in later years. Papyrus scrolls comprised the collection, and although parchment codices were used predominantly as a more advanced writing material after 300 BC.

A single piece of writing might occupy several scrolls. King Ptolemy II Philadelphus (309–246 BC) is said to have set 500,000 scrolls as an objective for the library. Mark Antony supposedly gave Cleopatra over 200,000 scrolls (taken from the great Library of Pergamum) for the library as a wedding gift. Carl Sagan, in his series , states that the library contained nearly one million scrolls, though other experts have estimated a smaller number. No index of the library survives, and it is not possible to know with certainty how large and how diverse the collection may have been. 

A perhaps exaggerated story concerns how the library's collection grew so large. By decree of Ptolemy III of Egypt, all visitors to the city were required to surrender all books and scrolls. Official scribes then swiftly copied these writings, some copies proving so precise that the originals were put into the library, and the copies delivered to the unsuspecting owners. This process also helped to create a reservoir of books in the relatively new city.

According to Galen, Ptolemy III requested permission from the Athenians to borrow the original scripts of Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides, for which the Athenians demanded the enormous amount of fifteen talents as guarantee. Ptolemy happily paid the fee but kept the original scripts for the library.

The Bibliotheca Alexandrina was inaugurated in 2002 near the site of the old library.


International Auxiliary Language Association

The International Auxiliary Language Association (IALA) was founded in 1924 to promote widespread study, discussion and publicity in the establishment of an international auxiliary language, together with research and experiment.

Although it was created to determine which auxiliary language was best suited for international communication, it eventually determined that none of them was up to the task and developed its own language, Interlingua. The IALA continued to publish materials in and about Interlingua until 1954.

Ubaldo Jiménez

Ubaldo Jiménez (born January 22, 1984) is a pitcher for the Baltimore Orioles. He became the first pitcher for the Colorado Rockies to throw a no-hitter on April 17, 2010. He is from the Dominican Republic. In 2010, Jiménez was the starting National League pitcher at the MLB All-Star Game, which the National League won.

JavaScript engine

A JavaScript engine is a program that runs JavaScript code. Web Browsers often have a JavaScript engine. It can also be used outside of web browsers, such as running services in Node.js or apps in the electron framework.

JavaScript was originally created as a scripting language to allow web pages to have changing, or dynamic, elements. Early Javascript engines were created as interpreters, programs that simply read the script and execute the instructions without analyzing it any more.

As JavaScript started being used more an more as a general-purpose language, execution speed, or how quickly the code is run, became more important for JavaScript engines. In response, many engines, such as V8 (Used in Chrome and Chromium) and SpiderMonkey (used in Firefox), started using Just-In-Time Compilation. In this method, it starts by compiling all of the code to optimized machine code, which is typically faster than interpretation, then running the result.

Upper Volta

Upper Volta was a territory belonging to France from 1919 to 1932 and later from 1947 to 1958. In 1958, Upper Volta became a republic. Until 1960, it was still part of the French Community. In 1960, Upper Volta gained independence from France. In 1984, it became the country now known as Burkina Faso.


Oxford spelling

Oxford spelling is the spelling found in the Oxford English Dictionary. One example would be "colour" instead of "color". 

More exactly, Oxford spelling is the headwords used in their dictionaries. In the full entries other variations are listed.

Most people in Britain use spellings like "organise" and "realise", but Oxford spelling uses "organize" and "realize". Those alternatives are both correct in British English.

Chanelle Hayes

Chanelle Hayes (born 11 November 1987) is a British television personality and pop singer.

She was born in Styal prison, Cheshire. She was adopted and raised in Wakefield, West Yorkshire. She has been active since 2007 when she left voluntarily left the Big Brother house in week 9. She has had a single entitled "I Want It" charted at number 63 in the UK, number 33 in Republic of Ireland, number 7 in Turkey and number 5 in Russia.

Hayes has modelled many times for Diva Corsets. She regularly appears in the media promoting the Michelle for George lingerie line. After leaving the big brother house, Hayes has been in numerous Lad's mags, such as nuts magazine and zoo magazine as a glamour model. In October 2011, Hayes appeared fully topless for the first time in Zoo magazine.

Hayes dated Middlesbrough football player Matthew Bates for several months in 2009. On 6 August 2009, Hayes was rushed to hospital after trying suicide by taking an overdose of paracetamol and red wine. On 20 January 2010, it was reported that she was expecting her first child with Bates, a boy. She gave birth to her son Blakely Hayes-Bates on 20 July 2010.

Hayes started dating Jack Tweed at the beginning of April 2010. She said they split on 1 July 2010.

East Riding of Yorkshire

East Riding of Yorkshire is a county in the British region of Yorkshire in Northern Europe.

Daniel Inouye

Daniel Ken "Dan" Inouye (September 7, 1924 – December 17, 2012) was an American politician and United States Senator from Hawaii. He was known for receiving the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Inouye was born in 1924 in the Territory of Hawaii. He was the son of a father who was born in Japan and a mother whose parents were born in Japan. He was a "Nisei", which means that he was a second generation Japanese-American.

Inouye was an officer in World War II. He volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 442nd Regimental Combat Team. This army unit was mostly made up of second-generation Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

He was wounded several times at Colle Musatello (a battle in Italy), and lost an arm. He remained in the military until 1947. At the time he left the Army, he was a recipient of the Bronze Star Medal and the Purple Heart. For his actions in April 1945, Inouye was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Inouye's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, he was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Inouye's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in frontline fighting at San Terenzo, Italy in April 1945. Without help from others, he destroyed two machine gun nests; and he continued to fight and lead his platoon after being wounded.

The words of Inouye's citation explain:
Second Lieutenant Daniel K. Inouye distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 21 April 1945, in the vicinity of San Terenzo, Italy. While attacking a defended ridge guarding an important road junction, Second Lieutenant Inouye skillfully directed his platoon through a hail of automatic weapon and small arms fire, in a swift enveloping movement that resulted in the capture of an artillery and mortar post and brought his men to within 40 yards of the hostile force. Emplaced in bunkers and rock formations, the enemy halted the advance with crossfire from three machine guns. With complete disregard for his personal safety, Second Lieutenant Inouye crawled up the treacherous slope to within five yards of the nearest machine gun and hurled two grenades, destroying the emplacement. Before the enemy could retaliate, he stood up and neutralized a second machine gun nest. Although wounded by a sniper’s bullet, he continued to engage other hostile positions at close range until an exploding grenade shattered his right arm. Despite the intense pain, he refused evacuation and continued to direct his platoon until enemy resistance was broken and his men were again deployed in defensive positions. In the attack, 25 enemy soldiers were killed and eight others captured. By his gallant, aggressive tactics and by his indomitable leadership, Second Lieutenant Inouye enabled his platoon to advance through formidable resistance, and was instrumental in the capture of the ridge. Second Lieutenant Inouye’s extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

After the war, Inouye studied politics in college. He was elected to the Hawaii Territorial Legislature in the 1950s.

When Hawaii became a state, he was its first Congressman. He served in the United States Senate from 1963 to 2012.

After 2010, Inouye was President Pro Tempore of the Senate, a title given to the longest-serving Senator of the party in power. This made him the highest-ranking Asian American politician in the history of the United States.

Inouye had plans to run for a record tenth term for senator in 2016, but he died on December 17, 2012, before his term was to be completed by January 3, 2017.

Inouye's wife of 57 years, Maggie, died on March 13, 2006. On May 24, 2008, he married Irene Hirano in Beverly Hills, California. Ms. Hirano was president and founding chief executive officer of the Japanese American National Museum in Los Angeles, California. On May 27, 2010, Ms. Hirano was elected by the board to chair the nation's 2nd largest non-profit, The Ford Foundation. Inouye's son Kenny was the guitarist for influential D.C. hardcore punk band Marginal Man.

Inouye died on December 17, 2012 in Bethesda, Maryland from a respiratory aliment, aged 88.



Martin Niemöller

Emil Gustav Emile Friedrich Martin Niemöller (14 January 1892 – 6 March 1984) was an Evangelical German pastor who opposed the Nazis. At first he supported Hitler, but when Nazis tried to control the churches he helped to form the Confessing Church, an association of anti-Nazi churches. Because of his beliefs, he was imprisoned in concentration camps, and almost got executed. Niemöller is best known because he wrote the poem "First they came...".

He was born in Lippstadt. He died in Wiesbaden, aged 92.


First they came...

The poem First they came... was written by Martin Niemöller. It is a criticism of the way people in Nazi Germany did not stop the Nazi Party from treating other people poorly.

The poem is as follows:

ARP spoofing

ARP Spoofing is a method someone (such as a hacker) could use to redirect traffic from a computer through the hacker's computer and then to the internet. This allows the hacker to then read all traffic sent from or to the first computer. This will reveal passwords, credit card numbers, and other private information.

A symptom of this sort of attack is a window when browsing to a secure site that says something along the lines of "This website's authentication check has failed". This means that the hacker has forged a secure connection that cannot be verified. So, the warning is presented.

A36 steel

A36 steel is a standard steel alloy which is commonly used in the United States. It is a standard carbon steel. 

Yorkshire County Cricket Club

Yorkshire County Cricket Club is a cricket club in Yorkshire, England. They play most of their games at the Headingley Stadium in the Headingley area of Leeds, West Yorkshire as well as some games at North Marine Road in Scarborough, North Yorkshire.

Headingley Stadium

Headingley Stadium is a stadium in the Headingley area of Leeds, West Yorkshire. The stadiums has two sides. One side is used for cricket and the other side is used for rugby. It is used for cricket by Yorkshire County Cricket Club, rugby league by the Leeds Rhinos and rugby union by Leeds Carnegie.

Headingley

Headingley is an area of Leeds, West Yorkshire. It is situated about 3 miles from Leeds City Centre. Headingley has a large student population and is also known for the Headingley Stadium. Headingley railway station has train services to Leeds City Centre, Harrogate and York.

Headingley railway station

Headingley railway station is a commuter railway station in the Headingley area of Leeds, West Yorkshire. The only train that operates at this station is Northern Rail. This station is on the line from Leeds City Centre to Harrogate and is two stops away from Leeds City Station. Headingley Stadium is a rugby and cricket stadium that is near to this station.

North Marine Road

North Marine Road is a cricket ground in Scarborough, North Yorkshire. The ground is the second ground of Yorkshire County Cricket Club after the Headingley Stadium in Headingley, Leeds, West Yorkshire.

Burley Park railway station

Burley Park railway station is a railway station in the Burley area of Leeds, West Yorkshire. It is one stop away from Leeds City Station on the line between Leeds City Centre and Harrogate. The station is situated ten minutes south of Headingley Stadium. The railway station serves a large student population in Burley.

Burley, Leeds

Burley is an area of Leeds, West Yorkshire. Burley is close to Headingley and has a large student population. The area often uses Burley Park railway station. The Leeds Studios are in the Burley area.

The Leeds Studios

The Leeds Studios are a complex of television studios in the Burley area of Leeds, West Yorkshire. They are used as the headquarters of Yorkshire Television and also for other ITV filming purposes. Until 2009, when it moved to The Manchester Studios, Countdown was filmed here by Yorkshire Television for Channel 4.

Hatshepsut

Hatshepsut (1507–1458 BC), meaning "Foremost of Noble Ladies", was the fifth Pharaoh of the 18th dynasty of Ancient Egypt. Hatshepsut reigned longer than any other woman of an indigenous Egyptian dynasty. 

Her father was Thutmose I. Her predecessor was Thutmose II (her brother and husband). Her successor was Thutmose III, her nephew, the son of Thutmose II by a lesser wife. Thutmose III was co-regent with his stepmother, and was head of the army, but Hatshepsut was the effective ruler, and the named Pharaoh.

Today it is generally recognized that Hatshepsut assumed the position of Pharaoh. The length of her reign usually is given as twenty-two years. The third-century B.C. historian, Manetho, gave that figure of twenty-one years and nine months, and he had access to many records that now are lost. She died in 1458 BC, which means that she became pharaoh in about 1479 BC.

Hatshepsut established the trade networks that had been disrupted during the Hyksos occupation of Egypt during the Second Intermediate Period.

Many Egyptologists have claimed that her foreign policy was mainly peaceful. However, there is evidence that Hatshepsut led successful military campaigns in Nubia, the Levant, and Syria early in her career. The conquered lands being taxed and looted made egypt rich.

Hatshepsut was one of the most prolific builders in ancient Egypt. She commissioned hundreds of construction projects throughout both Upper Egypt and Lower Egypt, that were grander and more numerous than those of any of her Middle Kingdom predecessors. Later pharaohs attempted to claim some of her projects as theirs.

She employed the great architect Ineni. He also had worked for her father, her husband, and for the royal vizier Senemut. During her reign, so much statuary was produced that almost every major museum in the world has Hatshepsut statuary among their collections. For example, the Hatshepsut Room in New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art is made up of some of these pieces.

Following the tradition of most pharaohs, Hatshepsut had monuments built at the Temple of Karnak. At Karnak, she also restored the original Precinct of Mut, an ancient goddess of Egypt, that had been damaged by the Hyksos occupation. She had twin obelisks, at the time the tallest in the world, erected at the entrance to the temple. One still stands, as the tallest surviving ancient obelisk on Earth. The other has broken in two and fallen down.

As with many pharaohs, the masterpiece of Hatshepsut's building projects was her mortuary temple. She built hers in a complex at Deir el-Bahri. It was designed and implemented by Senemut at a site on the West Bank of the Nile River near the entrance to what now is called the Valley of the Kings. The focal point was the Djeser-Djeseru or "the Sublime of Sublimes", a structure of perfect harmony built nearly one thousand years before the Parthenon. Djeser-Djeseru sits on a series of agricultural terraces that once had lush gardens. Djeser-Djeseru is built into a cliff face that rises sharply above it. Djeser-Djeseru and the other buildings of Hatshepsut's Deir el-Bahri complex were significant advances in architecture. Another of her accomplishments is the Hatshepsut needle (the granite obelisk).

The Oracle of Amun proclaimed that it was the will of Amun that Hatshepsut be pharaoh, which strengthened her position. She showed Amun's support by having these proclamations by the god Amun carved on her monuments:

Slime mould

Slime moulds, or slime molds, are forms of life which live on the rainforest floor, and many other parts of the world. They slither over ground and fallen tree trunks in search of food. They scatter spores, like plants, which grow into new slime moulds.

They are a way of life, or life-form, which has evolved a number of times. Because they are not a monophyletic group, they are put into several different phyla. They have some features of fungi and some features of protozoa. This was discussed by Anton de Bary in 1858.

They spend part of their lives as isolated cells, but come together when a chemical signal is released. Then together, they form a multicellular organism which reproduces and makes spores. So they are both single-celled and multicellular. That is not all: the multicellular form loses its cell walls, and becomes a syncytium. This is an organism with many nuclei, but few or no cell walls.

The single cells are amoeboid (amoeba-like) and haploid (one set of chromosomes, like our gametes). The multi-nuclear stage is called a "plasmodium". It is diploid, formed from fusions between pairs of amoeboid cells. It gains nutrition by phagocytosing bacteria and food particles.

As the food supply fades, the plasmodium makes haploid cells by meiosis, and they form the basis of spores. The spores are kept and then distributed from a structure like a sporangium. This life-cycle is typical of the main group called Mycetozoa.

Modern molecular biology has shown by sequence analysis that slime moulds are not a monophyletic group. They were once regarded as fungi, but now they are split into three different groups, and none of them are fungi. They are a form taxon, put together because they share some characteristics. Relationships between the groups are not yet understood.

Bikonts are eukaryote cells with two flagellae. There are three groups, which have evolved slime mould form independently.



"Fonticula" is a cellular slime mould which forms a fruiting body in a volcano shape. "Fonticula" is not closely related to either the Dictyosteliida or the Acrasidae. A 2009 paper finds it to be related to "Nuclearia", which in turn is related to fungi.



Mouse deer

The chevrotain, also known as mouse deer, is a small even-toed ungulate that make up the family Tragulidae

Mouse deer live in Asia. They are about the size of a hare, with short, thin legs. They stamp their small feet to signal to each other. Mouse deer are extremely nervous. When they are surprised, they freeze immediately, and then run away in a zig-zag through the forest.

Crab spider

Crab spiders are the "Thomisidae" family of spiders. The group has 170 genera with over 2000 species.

They have two front pairs of legs angled outward and bodies that are flattened and often angular. Also, like crabs, Thomisidae spiders can move sideways or backwards. 

Crab spiders are hunters and ambushers. Some species sit on or among flowers, bark, fruit or leaves where they grab visiting insects. Crab spiders use their powerful front legs to grab and hold onto prey while paralyzing it with a venomous bite.

They are camouflaged: several different types are known. Even at a close range, it is difficult to see the spider. Some species are disguised as birds' droppings resting on a leaf. Crab spiders live in rainforests all over the world. They get their name from the way they scuttle around like small crabs.

Julia Gillard

Julia Eileen Gillard (born 29 September 1961) is an Australian politician who was the 27th Prime Minister of Australia. She became the first female Prime Minister of Australia. She was also Australia's first unmarried prime minister. Gillard was the first prime minister not born in Australia since Billy Hughes, who served from 1915 to 1923.

Gillard became the leader of the Australian Labor Party on 24 June 2010 when Kevin Rudd resigned. She had been Deputy Prime Minister under Kevin Rudd. On 11 December 2007, Rudd went to the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Bali. Gillard became the first woman in Australia's history to take on the prime-ministerial role as the acting prime minister.

Gillard was elected to the House of Representatives in 1988. She represented the Division of Lalor, in western suburbs of Melbourne.

Gillard was born in 1961 in Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, Wales. She had bronchopneumonia as a child, and her parents thought it would be better in a warmer country. The family came to Australia in 1966, settling in Adelaide. She became an Australian citizen in 1974.,

Gillard's father was a psychiatric nurse, and her mother worked in a Salvation Army nursing home. She and her sister went to Mitcham Demonstration School, and Julia went on to attend Unley High School. She studied at the University of Adelaide but cut short her courses in 1982 and moved to Melbourne to work with the Australian Union of Students. She graduated from the University of Melbourne with Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Laws degrees in 1986.

In 1987, Gillard joined the law firm Slater & Gordon at Werribee, Melbourne, working in industrial law. In 1990 at the age of 29, she became one of their first female partners.

At the University of Adelaide, she joined the Labor Club and became involved in a campaign to fight state education budget cuts.

Moving to Melbourne in 1983, Gillard became the second woman to lead the Australian Union of Students. Gillard was also the secretary of the Socialist Forum. The Socialist Forum wanted to end the ANZUS treaty, making Leningrad a sister city of Melbourne, and increase taxes on rich people.

From 1996 to 1998, Gillard was Chief of Staff to the Victorian opposition leaderJohn Brumby She was responsible for writing new rules for the Labor Party in Victoria to increase the number of women elected to parliament. She also played a role in starting EMILY's List, the pro-choice fund-raising and support network for Labor women.

Gillard was elected as Member for Lalor in the House of Representatives at the 1998 election, replacing Barry Jones, who had retired. She made her first speech to the house on 11 November 1998.

After the 2001 election, Gillard was elected to the shadow cabinet, to oversee population and immigration. In February 2003, she was given reconciliation and Indigenous affairs.

After the Tampa and Children Overboard affairs, which were partly credited with Labor's 2001 election loss, Gillard worked on a new immigration policy for the Labor Party.

Gillard was promoted to the position of Shadow Health Minister in July 2003. Shortly after this, Tony Abbott became Health Minister. The contest between Abbott and Gillard often attracted attention from the media. She also was in charge of opposition business in the House of Representatives.

After the Labor loss at the October 2004 election, Gillard was seen as a possible future leader. However she stayed out of leadership changes in the Labor Party.

On 1 December 2006, with Kevin Rudd and Gillard launched a challenge for leadership of the ALP. Once Rudd was elected as leader on 4 December 2006, the deputy leader, Jenny Macklin. Gillard was elected unopposed as deputy leader. After the leader ship change, Gillard became the shadow ministe for Employment, Workplace Relations and Social Inclusion.

The Labor Party won the 2007 federal election. On 3 December 2007, Gillard was sworn in as the first female Deputy Prime Minister of Australia.

She was also the Minister for Education, Minister for Employment and Workplace Relations, and Minister for Social Inclusion. As Minister for Education, Gillard went to Washington, DC, where she signed a deal with the US Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan, to enourage improved policy collaboration in education reform between both countries.

On 11 December 2007 she became the first woman in Australia's history to be in the prime ministerial role when she became acting prime minister while Kevin Rudd went to the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Bali. In the first year of government, she served as acting prime minister for 69 days while Rudd was overseas.

Gillard is a highly regarded debater, and has been described as "the best parliamentary performer on the Labor side".

Gillard removed the WorkChoices industrial relations laws introduced by the Howard government, and replaced it with the "Fair Work Bill". This set up a single industrial relations bureaucracy called Fair Work Australia.

In 2009 Gillard was in charge of the government's "Building the Education Revolution" program, which gave AU$16 billion to build new school classrooms, libraries and assembly halls.

During 2010 Rudd's level of support dropped in the opinion polls. Labor politicians were unhappy with the way he led the party. The media had a lot of stories about the possibility that he would be challenged as leader. On 23 June 2010, there were several meetings between Gillard and Rudd, as well as other Labor party leaders. Rudd spoke to the media and said that Gillard had asked him to resign or hold a new vote for the party leadership. This would decide who was to be the leader of the Labor Party and therefore the Prime Minister of Australia.

At first Rudd said he would challenge Gillard at the meeting. However, hours before the vote, he resigned as leader when he knew that he did not have enough support to defeat Gillard. She won the election unopposed and became Australia's 27th Prime Minister. At the same meeting the Treasurer, Wayne Swan, was elected unopposed to succeed Gillard as Labor's deputy leader, and hence Deputy Prime Minister. Gillard said that "It is my intention to lead a government that is focused each and every day on meeting the needs of working families around the country". She said "I came to the view that a good government was losing its way".

In February 2012, Rudd resigned as Foreign Minister, and said that he would challenge her for the leadership of the Labor Party. Gillard called a party meeting on 27 February 2012 and asked for a new leadership vote. She won the leadership, getting 71 votes to only 31 for Rudd.

On 26 June 2013, Gillard called a leadership spill. Kevin Rudd declared himself as a candidate. Rudd defeated Gillard by 57 to 45 votes. After the results, several ministers resigned from their ministerial positions including Wayne Swan, Peter Garrett, Greg Combet, Joe Ludwig, Craig Emerson and Stephen Conroy. In accordance with the pledge she and Rudd made in the vote, Gillard announced that she would not seek re-election and announced her retirement from politics at the upcoming federal election.

Gillard is a member of the Left faction of the Labor party. Analyses of Jacqueline Kent's 2009 biography of Gillard suggest that her membership in the faction is "more organisational than ideological".

On population policy, in contrast to her predecessor, Gillard is against a "big Australia". She emphasises the need for sustainability, saying "Australia should not hurtle down the track towards a big population".

Gillard is pro-choice on reproductive rights. She does not support gay marriage.

Gillard's partner since 2006 is Tim Mathieson. She had previous relationships with union officials Michael O'Connor and Bruce Wilson and fellow Federal Labor MP Craig Emerson. She has never married and has had no children.

When asked in 2010 on the ABC's Jon Faine program, "Do you believe in God?", Gillard answered, "No, I don't Jon, I'm not a religious person ... I'm, of course, a great respecter of religious beliefs but they're not my beliefs". Newly appointed Prime Ministers must take an affirmation of office, or swear an oath of office on the Bible. Gillard chose an affirmation.

She lives in the south western Melbourne suburb of Altona and is a public supporter of the Western Bulldogs Australian Rules Football club.


The Political Cesspool

The Political Cesspool is a far-right, white supremacist weekly talk radio show syndicated by Liberty News Radio Network, and Accent Radio Network. First broadcast in 2004 twice a week from radio station WMQM, it is currently broadcast from Millington, Tennessee, from radio station WLRM on Saturday nights.

According to its statement of principles, the program stands for "The Dispossessed Majority", represents "a philosophy that is pro-White", and is "against political centralization." It has attracted criticism from "The Nation", "The New Republic", the Stephen Roth Institute, the Southern Poverty Law Center, and the Anti-Defamation League for promoting anti-Jewish and racist views.

The show features founder and main host James Edwards, co-hosts Bill Rolen, Winston Smith, Keith Alexander, and Eddie Miller, and producer Art Frith; former staffers include Co-founder Austin Farley. Its guests have included author Jerome Corsi, Minuteman Project leader Jim Gilchrist, former Constitution Party presidential candidate Michael Peroutka, actor Sonny Landham, British National Party leader Nick Griffin, Vermont secessionist Thomas Naylor, and paleoconservative activist Pat Buchanan. It is carried by at least three licensed radio stations in the United States, in addition to one unlicensed Part 15 station and the satellite Galaxy 19.

James Edwards and Austin Farley established "The Political Cesspool" on October 26, 2004, as a paleoconservative alternative to GOP radio shows such as the Sean Hannity Show; in Farley's words, the show focused on efforts "to preserve our Southern heritage and its symbols," while James Edwards described the show as "politically incorrect". It was initially broadcast on AM 1600 WMQM, a Memphis-based radio station, on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Edwards and Farley invited friends Bill Rolen, who is a board member of the Council of Conservative Citizens, and Jess Bonds as guest hosts, as well as radio expert Art Frith. Before, Frith had worked for a number of other radio stations including American Forces Radio and Television Service (AFRTS) (in Keflavik, Iceland; Anchorage, Alaska; and Nea Makri, Greece), KFQD (in Anchorage), and WBCK (in Battle Creek, Michigan).

In 2005, the group moved to WMQM's Millington-based sister station, AM 1380 WLRM, and switched to a nightly schedule, Monday through Friday. Farley left the program in November of that year. Two years later, Goeff Melton joined to help set up the show's official website and the show entered syndication with Dixie Broadcasting Radio Network. The program went on hiatus on February 15, 2008, because staff members said they "needed a break".

In June 2008, the show returned to the airwaves on WLRM, but airing only on Saturday nights (its schedule as of 2010). One year later, the show switched from Republic Broadcasting Network to Liberty News Radio Network, with which it is currently associated. As of August 2009, Bonds and Melton are no longer linked with the program. Frith now lives in Nashville, Michigan, but remains a part of the show's staff. Since WLRM is not audited by Arbitron, the show's ratings are unknown.

"The Political Cesspool" describes its views as "pro-White" and "against political centralization". Its statement of principles, borrowed from the Council of Conservative Citizens, reads:

"The Political Cesspool Radio Program" stands for The Dispossessed Majority. We represent a philosophy that is pro-White and are against political centralization. You can trust "The Political Cesspool" to give you the "other side of the news"–to report on events which are vital to your welfare but which would otherwise be hushed up or distorted by the controlled press.

We make no attempt to give you "both sides." We'll leave the establishment side to your daily newspaper, television and other radio shows. We will bring to you some of the most renowned thinkers, writers, pundits, activists, entertainers and elected officials each broadcast as our guests. Furthermore, we pledge that The Political Cesspool will correct any meaningful error or fact. Make up your own mind who is being honest with you: the establishment media or "The Political Cesspool Radio Program".


James Edwards, a lifelong resident of Memphis, Tennessee, is the co-founder and primary host of "The Political Cesspool". In 2000, Edwards volunteered for Pat Buchanan's presidential campaign. He later said that this experience inspired him to become politically active, and he wrote an essay called "Why I Love Pat Buchanan" in which he stated his view that Buchanan "tells it like it is". Edwards ran for the Tennessee House of Representatives in 2002 and lost. During the campaign he met fellow right-wing political activist Austin Farley, who later became a cohost of "The Political Cesspool". Edwards sits on the Board of Directors of the American Third Position Party, a political cohort that advocates white nationalism —and a form of economic nationalism known as Third Position "The Nation" wrote that Edwards "has leveraged sponsorship from neo-Nazi and Holocaust denial groups to become America's most popular white supremacist radio host."

Other staff of "The Political Cesspool" include co-hosts Eddie "The Bombardier" Miller, Keith Alexander, and Winston Smith. Most of the show's staff claim descent from Confederate soldiers.

"The Political Cesspool" has over the years featured many guest appearances, including political activists, Holocaust deniers, economists, and musicians. Former Tennessee gubernatorial candidate Carl "Twofeathers" Whitaker, who claims partial Native American ancestry and is known for his strong support of the Minuteman movement, has appeared on the show, as has conservative Native American activist David Yeagley. Filmmakers Merlin Miller ("A Place to Grow", "Jericho") and Craig Bodeker ("A Conversation about Race") have featured.

Author Jerome Corsi was interviewed in July 2008. During the discussion he spoke about his financial newsletter, and promoted his "New York Times" number one bestselling book "The Obama Nation". The interview included several statements that have been widely described as racist; for example, he opined that US President Barack Obama identifies more with his "African blood" than his American roots and that the President "rejects everyone white, including his mother and his grandparents". Corsi scheduled another promotional appearance on "The Political Cesspool" one month later, however, he canceled this appearance, citing "travel plans that changed". James Edwards said that he believed the incident "just goes to show what incredible pressure everyone in public life is under to never have anything to do with anyone who speaks up for the interests of white people." Fellow authors John Derbyshire and Steve Sailer have also been guests.

Constitution Party nominee Michael Peroutka used his appearance in 2004 to promote his presidential campaign. Party member Michael Goza described the show as "Christian/Constitutionalist", and "a great blessing to our cause". Thomas Naylor, of the Vermont secessionist organization Second Vermont Republic, appeared on the show to celebrate Confederate History Month in April 2007, while American Third Position Party Chairman Bill Johnson appeared to promote his party.

On May 8, 2006, Minuteman Project leader Jim Gilchrist spoke on the program. Co-host Bill Rolen agreed with Gilchrist's view that illegal immigrants' intentions are to "just squat here and plunder whatever social benefits our programs provide them". However, Rolen disagreed with Gilchrist's claim that illegal immigration was "the 21st century slave trade". Gilchrist's colleague in the Minuteman movement, Chris Simcox, has also been a guest of the show.

Paleoconservative activist and former presidential candidate Pat Buchanan has appeared twice as of May 2009. In a June 2008 interview arranged by his publicist, he promoted his book "Churchill, Hitler and the Unnecessary War". During the broadcast, Buchanan defended Charles Lindbergh against charges of saying bad things about Jews, stating that his reputation "has been blackened because of a single speech he gave and a couple of paragraphs in it where he said that ... the Jewish community is beating the drums for war  but frankly, no one has said what he said was palpably untrue." At the end of the interview, James Edwards said, "Mr. Buchanan, thank you so much for coming back on our program, for fighting for our people." Previously, in September 2006, Buchanan had made an appearance to promote his book "State of Emergency"; during this interview, he said that “we are being invaded by people of different cultures” and argued that Americans “cannot survive a bifurcated culture or a heavily Hispanicized culture, tilted towards Mexico ... I think that's the beginning of the end of the United States.”

Self-proclaimed "racial realist" Jared Taylor, whom James Edwards considers to be a close friend, has appeared at least ten times. In an article he wrote for "VDARE", Taylor described the program as "racially oriented". Although describing itself as "America First", the show has also hosted foreign guests, including Croatian racist Tomislav Sunić, Australian white nationalist Drew Fraser, Russian Austrian School economist Yuri Maltsev, British lawyer Adrian Davies, Canadian conservative blogger Kathy Shaidle, and British National Party (BNP) leaders Simon Darby and Nick Griffin; Griffin appeared as a guest before and after his election to the European Parliament. During his post-election appearance, Griffin attributed the BNP's electoral successes to a fear of "creeping process of Islamification".

The show has frequently been criticised by anti-racist groups and persons over its stated views, such as the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), Anti-Defamation League (ADL), Stephen Roth Institute, and writer Max Blumenthal. "The Political Cesspool" was added to the Southern Poverty Law Center's hate group watch list in 2006. James Edwards was "ecstatic", saying "I don't think you've arrived in the conservative movement until you've made it to the Southern Poverty Law Center's Hate Watch". Edwards describes the SPLC as a group composed of "communists and civil rights hustlers". The SPLC's Hatewatch has referred to "The Political Cesspool" as "an overtly racist, anti-Semitic radio show hosted by [a] self-avowed white nationalist" and as "the nexus of hate in America". The Anti-Defamation League has also criticized the show; Edwards has attacked the ADL as "America's most powerful hate group" and has claimed that its definition of a "neo-Nazi [is] any white person who disagrees with a Jew".

Writer Max Blumenthal, who reported on an attempt by one of the show's staff to advertise at a rally for former Alaska governor and Republican vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin, described "The Political Cesspool" as having a "racist ideology", and highlighted anti-Jewish, racist, and homophobic comments that Edwards had made on his blog. The Stephen Roth Institute has also written about the show, noting that "[James] Edwards openly espoused many of his guests' views and during speeches to extremist audiences, including members of the white supremacist Council of Conservative Citizens and the racist League of the South, he gained the support of a wide array of extremists." In an article about antisemitism in Belgium, the Stephen Roth Institute commented on the show's interview with Filip Dewinter, a member of the Belgian Parliament and a leader of the Vlaams Belang movement. "Newsweek" magazine used one of co-host Winston Smith's statements to argue that the rise in popularity of white racism is due to the combination of the late-2000s recession and the election of a black president. Many such groups have been attempting to gain new recruits and increase their political power by rebranding themselves as defenders of "white heritage" while trying to hide their dislike of minorities and Jews. Smith states, "[t]he emphasis is different now. We don't talk as much about what blacks have done to us; we're more focused on ourselves and our own culture."
In 2005, the staff of "The Political Cesspool" organized a rally at Confederate Park, which, along with two other Confederacy-themed parks in downtown Memphis, has been the subject of a longtime disagreement for honoring Confederate soldiers and ideals. The park had been criticized earlier by a black Shelby County official, which attracted the notice of New York-based activist Al Sharpton, who was invited by the Reverend LaSimba Gray to hold a demonstration in Memphis. Sharpton planned a march called the Rally for Dignity from downtown Memphis to another park honoring Confederate Lieutenant General Nathan Bedford Forrest who was involved early in the organization of the Ku Klux Klan. Sharpton canceled the march after Edwards and "The Political Cesspool" staff obtained a permit to demonstrate in Confederate Park, located along Sharpton's planned march route.

Sharpton settled for a protest at Forrest Park. At the demonstration, he argued that "We need to show the rest of the world that the day for honoring people like this is over", and said in an interview that his objections were not related to race but to Forrest's Civil War-era (1861–1865) actions against the United States. Estimates of attendance at the rallies vary; according to the Southern Poverty Law Center, James Edwards attracted about 200 white counter-demonstrators to the Confederate Park vigil, while Sharpton's protest at Forrest Park attracted a few dozen black demonstrators, whom Edwards referred to as "rabble". The "Memphis Flyer" estimated that Sharpton attracted about 250 supporters. In the aftermath of the city park controversy, show affiliates Edwards, Farley, Bonds, and Rolen received the "Dixie Defender Award" from the Sons of Confederate Veterans.

Later that year, Memphis city councilman E. C. Jones awarded Edwards and Farley with a certificate "in appreciation of outstanding contributions to the community". Edwards and Farley also received an honorary city council membership from Jones, who had previously appeared on "The Political Cesspool". According to "The Commercial Appeal", Jones had not listened to the show before the incident, and was unaware of its views. After a reporter informed him of the show's views, Jones initially refused to say he was sorry. However, after another reporter confronted him with more details about the show's ideology, he changed his view, saying that he probably would not appear again. Carol Chumney, another member of the Memphis City Council, was also invited to appear on "The Political Cesspool", but ultimately declined the invitation after listening to an episode of the show; Chumney said, "what I heard was about advocating for prostitution … So I told them I had other commitments."

"The Political Cesspool" airs on four stations as of 2010: WLRM in Millington, Tennessee, KHQN in Spanish Fork, Utah, 
KNAK-AM in Delta, Utah, and micro1650am in Tonawanda, New York; it is also broadcast from the satellite Galaxy 19. The Accent Radio Network-affiliated stations KHQN and KNAK-AM currently air a shortened version of the show (two hours), in contrast to the three-hour Liberty News Radio Network (WLRM) version. Galaxy 19 airs the full lineups of both ARN and Liberty News Radio Network on separate channels, and as such it airs both the long version and short version of the show. One of the stations, micro1650am, is a 100-milliwatt FCC Part 15 station, and as such it has no call letters.


Dino Bravo

Adolfo Bresciano (August 6, 1948 – March 10, 1993) was an Italian-born Canadian professional wrestler. He was better known by his ring name Dino Bravo. He was self-proclaimed as "Canada's Strongest Man" and later the "World's Strongest Man". Bravo is best known for his time wrestling in World Wrestling Federation (WWF). During his time there, Bravo was a one-time WWWF World Tag Team Champion with Dominic DeNucci and was the only wrestler to ever hold the short-lived WWF Canadian Champion.

On March 10, 1993, Bravo was found dead in his apartment by his wife. Bravo was hit by 17 bullets, 7 to the head and 10 to the torso, while he was watching ice hockey in his Vimont, Laval, Quebec home. He had an alleged role in illegal cigarette smuggling in Canada which is what is popularly believed to have led to his unsolved murder.

Our Lady Peace

Our Lady Peace is a Canadian alternative rock band. They formed in 1992 in Toronto. The members of the group are Raine Maida, the singer, who also plays the rhythm guitar, Jason Pierce, who plays the drums, Duncan Coutts, who plays the bass guitar and backing vocals and Steve Mazur, who plays the guitar and backing vocals. "A Decade" is the name of their greatest hits album. They have a live audience DVD out also. They have many Billboard awards.




Katie Weatherston

Katherine Marie Weatherston (born April 6, 1983) is a Canadian women's ice hockey player.

Born in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Weatherston played for Dartmouth College in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) from 2002 to 2007. She began playing international hockey for Canada at the 2004 Four Nations Cup. She played for Canada at the 2006 Winter Olympics, held in Torino, Italy.

She played part of the 2007–08 season for the Ottawa Senators (CWHL) in the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL), but finished the season skating for the Montréal Stars.

Her parents' names are David and Anna, and she has two brothers. While at Dartmouth, she majored in psychology.


Council of Constance

The Council of Constance was a council in the 15th century. It was held between 1414 and 1418. It took place in Constance (today known as Konstanz) in Switzerland. 

The result of this ecumenical council by the Roman Catholic Church was a new Pope. His name was Pope Martin V. 

Pythagorean triple

In mathematics, a Pythagorean triple is a set of three positive integers which satisfy the equation (make the equation work):
This equation is known as the Diophantine equation, and is related to Pythagoras' theorem.
The lowest Pythagorean triple is [3, 4, 5] because:
The next highest triple is [5, 12, 13] then [7, 24, 25], and so on.
There is an infinite number of Pythagorean triples.

A Pythagorean triple always consists of: 

• all even numbers, or

• two odd numbers and an even number.

A Pythagorean triple can never be made up of all odd numbers or two even numbers and one odd number.

Summer of 4 Ft. 2

"Summer of 4 Ft. 2" is the last episode of the 7th season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television on May 19, 1996. In this episode, Ned Flanders has to do jury duty, and therefore can't go to his beach house. He allows the Simpsons to use it for 2 weeks. Lisa, realizing that she is unpopular in Springfield, decides to try to make friends in this new place. After getting a new wardrobe, she meets some new kids and befriends them by not being herself. Bart, jealous of Lisa's new popularity, shows her new friends that Lisa is not cool. Lisa is furious at Bart, but gets happier when her friends accept her for who she is.


Homerpalooza

"Homerpalooza" is the 24th episode of the 7th season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television on May 19, 1996.

In this episode, Otto, the school bus driver, accidentally crashes the bus. Homer starts driving a carpool for the school kids. After Bart complains about his music tastes and a disappointing trip to the music store, Homer decides to try to become more in touch with music by taking the kids to Hullapaloosa. After getting hit by an inflatable pig, Homer is recruited in the freak show to get blasted by cannonballs. After touring for a while successfully, Homer feels sick right before a performance for Springfield. He finds out that he could die if he gets hit by one more cannonball. Homer, determined to perform, decides to do it anyway. However, right before the cannonball hits him, he jumps out of the way. He is booed by the crowd, but his family is happy.


Christian Wulff

Christian Wilhelm Walter Wulff (born 19 June 1959) is a German politician and lawyer. He is member of the conservative Christian Democratic Union. He was elected to be the President of Germany on 30 June 2010. Wulff was sworn in two days after the election on 2 July 2010. He served as Minister-President of the state of Lower Saxony from 2003 to 2010. On 17 February 2012, Wulff announced his resignation of the position as President of Germany.

Wulff was born in Osnabrück and is Roman Catholic. His father left the family, and he grew up with his mother. As a teenager, he had to take responsibility for the care of his younger sister, after his mother developed multiple sclerosis. After completing his Abitur at the Gymnasium in Osnabrück, Wulff went to study law. He specialised in economic law at the University of Osnabrück. In 1987 and 1990, he passed the first and second state examinations in law. He started to work as a lawyer.

Since 1975, Wulff has been a member of the CDU. From 1978 to 1980, he served as federal chairman of the "Schülerunion". This was a political high school student organization connected to the Christian Democrats. He became the regional chairman of the "Junge Union" in Lower Saxony in 1983. In 1986, he was elected a city councillor in his hometown. Since 1984, he has sat on the CDU's regional party council of Lower Saxony, serving as its chairman since 1994.

The Christian Democrats made Wulff candidate for state Prime Minister in 1994. However, the popular office holder Gerhard Schröder won. After four years in opposition, the election in 1998 brought another opportunity for Wulff to become Prime Minister. Indeed, the federal Christian Democrat party, led by Chancellor Helmut Kohl, made Wulff another time the candidate.

Wulff has been one of the four deputy chairmen of the CDU party at the federal level since 7 November 1998. He has also been a board member of the Konrad Adenauer Foundation since 2003.

Lower Saxony announced deeper cuts of education and municipal services. This set a stage for the 2003 election campaign. Wulff entered the race as the favourite to win the election. The Christian Democrats, in the political wilderness since 1990, were returned to power in the Legislative Assembly, gaining 48.3% of the vote. Wulff was sworn in as Prime Minister on 4 March 2003, as the head of a coalition between centre-right Christian Democrats and liberal Free Democrats (FDP).

As Minister-President, Wulff has made a several reforms. This includes a restructuring of the primary education system in Lower Saxony, as well as an increase of police officers. When Wulff took office, Lower Saxony faced a severe budget crisis. It was the result from years of public deficits. Painful cuts to public expenditure were enacted and implemented against considerable political resistance. The measures included cuts in university funding and in benefits for the blind. Other policies concern the reform of the administration. Many measures have remained controversial.

Prior to the 2005 Federal Election, Wulff had been mentioned as a potential candidate for the German chancellorship. Surprisingly, in a spring 2005 poll, 28 percent of all respondents named Wulff as their preferred candidate for the Christian Democrat nomination for Chancellor in the 2006 election. As Wulff only began his first term as Prime Minister in early 2003, he is likely to dismiss such speculations. in December 2014, Wulff was re-elected deputy leader of the federal party with about 86 per cent of all delegates supporting him.

In a speech, Wulff expressed his opposition to euthanasia and warned of a retreat of moral values. This can be seen as the first attempt to formulate a value-based agenda for the 2008 legislative assembly, and the 2009 federal elections. In this context, it is important to note that Chancellor Angela Merkel had been severely criticized for a lack of emotional warmth during the 2005 federal election campaign.

Due to his popularity in Lower Saxony, and in federal opinion polls, Wulff was considered to be a contender for the office of Chancellor.

After the 23 May announcement that federal elections will be advanced to September 2005, Wulff announced that he was not a candidate for the CDU nomination for Chancellor. He has not completed his first term as Premier of Lower Saxony. Instead, Wulff declared his support for Angela Merkel. She was the CDU leader in the Bundestag. It was expected that the Christian Democrats would win the election and form a government, and that Wulff would be given a position in this government. However, with the September 18 election resulting in a hung parliament, the outcome is unclear. Wulff continued to be named as a possible CDU candidate for Chancellor, particularly if Chancellor Merkel failed to secure a decisive mandate in the 2009 federal election.

Christian Wulff was elected President of Germany on 30 June 2010. He gon 625 of 1242 votes in the third ballot of the Federal Convention. He is Germany's youngest President (51 years) and the first Roman Catholic President in more than forty years (the last Roman Catholic President was Heinrich Lübke). Wullf was sworn in on 2 July 2010 in front of the Bundestag and the Bundesrat.

His main rival in the election was Joachim Gauck, a civil rights activist from East Germany and a former Federal Commissioner for the Stasi Archives. Not a member of any party, Gauck was nominated by the opposition SPD and Greens as their presidential candidate on 3 June.

Wulff is succeeded as Prime Minister of Lower Saxony by David McAllister. Wulff's candidacy for President of Germany in the 2010 presidential election was formally confirmed by Angela Merkel, Guido Westerwelle and Horst Seehofer. They are the heads of the CDU, FDP and CSU parties.

Christian Wulff met his first wife, lawyer Christiane Wulff (born 1959), when they were both law students in Osnabrück in 1983. They married in March 1988, and have a daughter, Annalena (born 1993). In June 2006, Wulff announced that he would divorce his wife. In 2008, Wulff married an aide from the Prime Minister's Office, Bettina Körner (born 1973 in Hanover). She has a son from a previous relationship. On 12 May 2008, she gave birth to their first child together, also a boy.


United States presidential doctrines

The United States presidential doctrines are policy decisions toward other countries made by Presidents.

The first and most important presidential doctrine was the Monroe Doctrine by President James Monroe stated that the United States declared the right to have influence over Latin America and the U.S. threatened war to any European country which interfered.
President Theodore Roosevelt expanded on the Monroe Doctrine with the Roosevelt Corollary.

The Truman Doctrine by President Harry Truman during the Cold War stated that the United States will give aid to Turkey and Greece to help them resist the spread of communism.

The Carter Doctrine by President Jimmy Carter stated that the U.S. would use military force to protect its interests in the Persian Gulf.

The Reagan Doctrine was the name for Reagan's policy of giving weapons and money t who wanted to fight against communism.

President George W. Bush's policy of invading Iraq without being provoked was called the Bush Doctrine.=

Jens Böhrnsen

Jens Böhrnsen (born 12 June 1949 in Bremen) is a German politician of the SPD. From 2005 to 2015, he served as the President of the Senate and Mayor of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen, that is, the head of government of the city-state of Bremen. He became President of the Federal Council in 2009, and as such, he was acting head of state (31 May - 30 June 2010) following the resignation of German President Horst Köhler .

He is a lawyer by profession and served as a judge in Bremen from 1978 to 1995, when he became a full-time politician.

Claude Bernard

Claude Bernard (12 July 1813 – 10 February 1878) was a French physiologist. He has been called "one of the greatest of all men of science". He was one of the first to suggest blind experiments to get scientific observations more free of bias. He was the first to define the term "milieu interieur", which is now known as homeostasis, a later term coined by Walter Cannon.

Bernard made animal experimentation a part of the standard scientific method. He famously wrote in 1865 that "the science of life is a superb and dazzlingly lit hall which may be reached only by passing through a long and ghastly kitchen".

He was born in 1813 in Saint-Julien near Villefranche-sur-Saône. He wrote comedies and other plays. When he was 21 he went to Paris with his play and went to a critic. But the critic suggested for him to study medicine instead of literature.

In 1845 Bernard married Françoise Marie (Fanny) Martin for her money. Her money helped him in his experiments, but she was firmly against his methods, and founded the first French society for anti-vivisectionists. When he died Bernard was given a public funeral. This was something which had never been given by France to a man of science before.

Vivisection

Vivisection (from Latin "vivus" ("alive") + "sectio" ("cutting")) is a doing a surgery as an experiment on a living organism, usually animals. It is sometimes used to mean animal testing itself (see animal testing). The word is often used by people or organizations who dislike animal experimentation


Lee Kuan Yew

Lee Kuan Yew (born Harry Lee Kuan Yew; 16 September 1923 – 23 March 2015), often referred to by his initials LKY, was a Singaporean statesman who served as the first Prime Minister of the Republic of Singapore from 5 June 1959 to 28 November 1990. He had also served as the second Senior Minister from 28 November 1990 to 12 August 2004 and Minister Mentor from 12 August 2004 until his retirement from the executive branch of government on 21 May 2011.

Lee was born in Singapore during British colonial rule, which was part of the Straits Settlements. He had top grades in his early education, gaining a scholarship and admission to Raffles College. During the Japanese occupation, Lee worked in private companies and as an administration service officer for the propaganda office. After the war, Lee first attended the London School of Economics, but transferred to Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge, graduating with starred-first-class honours in law in 1947. He became a barrister of the Middle Temple in 1950 before returning to Singapore, and began campaigning for Britain to give up its colonial rule of his place of birth.

He was the co-founder and first secretary-general of the People's Action Party (PAP), and led the party to a landslide electoral victory in 1959. During his leadership, Lee campaigned for a merger with other former British territories in a national referendum to form the Federation of Malaysia in 1963. However, racial issues and ideological differences led to Singapore's being forced to leave from the federation, and it became its own country on 9 August 1965.

As leader of an independent Singapore, Lee guided the country by helping it grow from an underdeveloped outpost with no natural resources into a rich highly developed country, becoming known as an Asian Tiger. He has remained one of the most influential political figures in Asia. The party which he had co-founded also still rules Singapore today. 

Lee died on 23 March 2015 from pneumonia, and the country went into a week of national mourning. He was 91 years old.

Lee said in his autobiography that he is a fourth-generation Chinese Singaporean: his Hakka great-grandfather, Lee Bok Boon (born 1846), emigrated from the Dapu county of Guangdong province to the Straits Settlements in 1860s.

Lee Kuan Yew was born at 92 Kampong Java Road in Singapore. He was the oldest child of Lee Chin Koon and Chua Jim Neo. As a child he was strongly influenced by British culture, partly because of the influence of his grandfather Lee Hoon Leong, who had given his sons an English education.

Lee and his wife Kwa Geok Choo were married on 30 September 1950. They have two sons (Lee Hsien Loong and Lee Hsien Yang) and one daughter (Lee Wei Ling).

Many of Lee's family have important positions in Singaporean society, and his children hold high government or government-linked posts. His elder son Lee Hsien Loong, a former Brigadier General, has been the Prime Minister since 2004. He is also the Deputy Chairman of the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation (GIC), of which Lee himself is the chairman. Lee's younger son, Lee Hsien Yang, is also a former Brigadier General and is a former President and Chief Executive Officer of SingTel, a pan-Asian telecommunications giant and Singapore's largest company by market capitalisation (listed on the Singapore Exchange, SGX). Fifty-six percent of SingTel is owned by Temasek Holdings, a prominent government holding company with controlling stakes in a variety of very large government-linked companies such as Singapore Airlines and DBS Bank. Temasek Holdings was until 2009 run by Executive Director and C.E.O. Ho Ching, the wife of Lee Hsien Loong. Lee's daughter, Lee Wei Ling, runs the National Neuroscience Institute. Lee's wife, Kwa Geok Choo, used to be a partner of the prominent legal firm Lee & Lee.

Lee studied at Telok Kurau Primary School, Raffles Institution (where he was a member of the 01 Raffles Scout Group), and Raffles College (now National University of Singapore). He was stopped from going to university by World War II and the 1942-1945 Japanese occupation of Singapore. During the occupation, he ran a successful black market business selling tapioca-based glue called "Stikfas". Because he had taken Chinese and Japanese lessons since 1942, he was able to find work transcribing Allied wire reports for the Japanese, as well as being the English language editor on the Japanese "Hodobu" (報道部 – an information or propaganda department) from 1943 to 1944.

Lee had three main concerns — national security, the economy, and social issues — during his post-independence administration.

The vulnerability of Singapore was deeply felt, with threats from multiple sources including the communists, Indonesia (with its Confrontation stance), and UMNO extremists who wanted to force Singapore back into Malaysia. As Singapore gained admission to the United Nations, Lee quickly sought international recognition of Singapore's independence. He declared a policy of neutrality and non-alignment, following Switzerland's model. At the same time, he asked Goh Keng Swee to build up the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) and requested help from other countries for advice, training and facilities.

Like many countries, Singapore was not immune to political corruption. Lee introduced legislation giving the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB) greater power to conduct arrests, search, call up witnesses, and investigate bank accounts and income-tax returns of suspected persons and their families.

Lee believed that ministers should be well paid in order to maintain a clean and honest government. In 1994 he proposed to link the salaries of ministers, judges, and top civil servants to the salaries of top professionals in the private sector, arguing that this would help recruit and retain talent to serve in the public sector.

In the late 1960s, fearing that Singapore's growing population might overburden the developing economy, Lee started a vigorous 'Stop-at-Two' family planning campaign. Couples were urged to undergo sterilisation after their second child. Third or fourth children were given lower priorities in education and such families received fewer economic rebates.

In 1983, Lee sparked the 'Great Marriage Debate' when he encouraged Singapore men to choose highly-educated women as wives. He was concerned that a large number of graduate women were unmarried. Some sections of the population, including graduate women, were upset by his views. Nevertheless, a match-making agency Social Development Unit (SDU) was set up to promote socialising among men and women graduates. Lee also introduced incentives such as tax rebates, schooling, and housing priorities for graduate mothers who had three or four children, in a reversal of the over-successful 'Stop-at-Two' family planning campaign in the 1960s and 1970s. By the late 1990s, the birth rate had fallen so low that Lee's successor Goh Chok Tong extended these incentives to all married women, and gave even more incentives, such as the 'baby bonus' scheme.

On 13 September 2008, Lee, 84, underwent successful treatment for abnormal heart rhythm (atrial flutter) at Singapore General Hospital, but he was still able to address a philanthropy forum via video link from hospital.

He retired from politics in 2011.

On 5 February 2015, Lee was hospitalised with "severe pneumonia" and was put on a ventilator at the intensive care unit of Singapore General Hospital, although his condition was reported as "stable". A 26 February update stated that Lee was again being given antibiotics, while being sedated and still under mechanical ventilation. On 23 March 2015, Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong announced the death of Lee Kuan Yew, at the age of 91. His state funeral was held at the University Cultural Centre, National University of Singapore at 2p.m. local time on 29 March 2015.

During the three decades in which Lee held office, Singapore grew from being a developing country to one of the most developed nations in Asia, despite its small population, limited land space and lack of natural resources. Lee has often stated that Singapore's only natural resources are its people and their strong work ethic. He is widely respected by many Singaporeans, particularly the older generation, who remember his inspiring leadership during independence and the separation from Malaysia.

On the other hand, many Singaporeans have criticized Lee as being authoritarian and intolerant of dissent, citing his numerous mostly successful attempts to sue political opponents and newspapers who express an unfavorable opinion. International media watchdog Reporters Without Borders has asked Lee, and other senior Singaporean officials, to stop taking libel actions against journalists.

Lee has written a two-volume set of memoirs: "The Singapore Story" (), which covers his view of Singapore's history until its separation from Malaysia in 1965, and "" (), which gives his account of Singapore's subsequent transformation into a developed nation.


Devan Nair, the third President of Singapore and who was living in exile in Canada, remarked in a 1999 interview with the Toronto "The Globe and Mail" that Lee's technique of suing his opponents into bankruptcy or oblivion was an abrogation of political rights. He also remarked that Lee is "an increasingly self-righteous know-all", surrounded by "department store dummies". In response to these remarks, Lee sued Devan Nair in a Canadian court and Nair countersued. Lee then brought a motion to have Nair's counterclaim thrown out of court. Lee argued that Nair's counterclaim disclosed no reasonable cause of action and constituted an inflammatory attack on the integrity of the government of Singapore. However, the Ontario Superior Court of Justice refused to throw out Nair's counterclaim, holding that Lee had abused the litigating process and therefore Nair has a reasonable cause of action.

In 2011, Wikileaks published diplomatic cables attributing controversial comments on Islam to Lee. Wikileaks quoted Lee as having described Islam as a "venomous religion". Lee later denied making the comments.

The incident followed hot on the heels of Lee's controversial book release "Lee Kuan Yew: Hard Truths to Keep Singapore Going". In the book, Lee claimed that Singaporean Muslims faced difficulties in integrating because of their religion, and urged them to "be less strict on Islamic observances". He has said:

"I have to speak candidly to be of value, but I do not wish to offend the Muslim community.

I think we were progressing very nicely until the surge of Islam came, and if you asked me for my observations, the other communities have easier integration - friends, intermarriages and so on, Indians with Chinese, Chinese with Indians - than Muslims. That's the result of the surge from the Arab states.

I would say today, we can integrate all religions and races except Islam.

I think the Muslims socially do not cause any trouble, but they are distinct and separate...

But now, you go to schools with Malay and Chinese, there's a halal and non-halal segment and so too, the universities. And they tend to sit separately so as not to be contaminated. All that becomes a social divide...

Be less strict on Islamic observances and say ‘Okay, I'll eat with you."

According to former PM Goh Chok Tong, Singaporean Muslims adjusted their religious practices according to the unique circumstances in Singapore.

The ethnic integration policy was also implemented to avoid the formation of ethnic ghettoes in Singapore's HDB flats. Every precinct had to have inhabitants from all the ethnic groups according to national proportions.

On 24 September 2008 the High Court of Singapore, in a summary judgment by Justice Woo Bih Li, ruled that the Far Eastern Economic Review (FEER) magazine (Hugo Restall, editor), defamed Lee and his son, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong. The court found the 2006 article "Singapore's 'Martyr': Chee Soon Juan" meant that Lee Kuan Yew "has been running and continues to run Singapore in the same corrupt manner as T. T. Durai operated the National Kidney Foundation (NKF) and he has been using libel actions to suppress those who would question to avoid exposure of his corruption." The court sentenced FEER, owned by Dow Jones & Company (in turn owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp), to pay damages to the complainants. FEER appealed but lost the case when the Court of Appeal ruled in October, 2009 that the "Far Eastern Economic Review" did defame the country's founder Lee Kuan Yew and his son Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.



Wednesday Morning, 3 AM

Wednesday Morning, 3 AM is the name of the first album by Simon and Garfunkel. It came out in 1964. Some of the songs on the album were written by Paul Simon, but others were written by other people. The songs "Wednesday Morning, 3 AM", "The Sounds of Silence", "Bleecker Street" and Bob Dylan's "The Times They Are a-Changin'" are on the album. The album did not sell well, though the song "The Sounds of Silence" was later released as a successful single in 1966.


Three 6 Mafia

Three 6 Mafia is a rap group from Memphis, Tennessee. They became a band under the name Triple 6 Mafia in 1991 and released their first studio album "Mystic Stylez" in 1995. They are signed to Sony Music Entertainment, Hypnotize Minds and Columbia Records. Their song "It's Hard out Here for a Pimp" won an Academy Award for Best Original Song in 2006. The song "Somebody's Gonna Get It" is the current entrance theme song of WWE superstar Mark Henry.


Three 6 Mafia's Official website 

Hotspot (geology)

In geology, a hotspot or hot spot is a portion of the Earth's surface which is volcanic. This may be caused by a rising mantle plume or some other cause. Hotspots may be far from tectonic plate boundaries. 

A volcanic hotspot is where magma pushes up from deep in the Earth's crust or mantle, and creates a volcano. The Earth's plates may move along, creating a new volcano above the hotspot while moving the older volcanoes away. This creates a chain of volcanoes, such as in Hawaii.

Most volcanoes are explained by the collision or splitting apart of continental plates. This explains the long mountain ranges which have many volcanoes, such as the western edge of the Americas. It also explains the huge rift valleys such as the East African Rift Valley. Most Earth scientists accept that the cause of these great features is plate tectonics. 

The problem arises with volcanoes which are not at the edges of plates. In the United States, the Yellowstone Caldera is obviously active. It has geysers caused by constant geothermal energy activity, and the floor of the crater moves up and down as much as 50 meters in a few years. The Pacific Ocean has six or seven chains of islands formed by volcanic activity. Most of these cannot be explained simply as being on the edge of two or three plates.

J. Tuzo Wilson suggested in 1963 that volcanic chains like the Hawaiian Islands result from the slow movement of a tectonic plate across a fixed hot spot deep beneath the surface of the planet. Hotspots are thought to be caused by a narrow stream of hot mantle convecting up from the Earth's core–mantle boundary called a mantle plume. 

Other geologists think it is not high temperature that causes the volcanism. They think lithospheric extension (stretching of the Earth's crust) allows melted mantle to rise from shallow depths.

Geologists have identified some 40–50 such hotspots around the globe. Those under Hawaii, Réunion, and Yellowstone are the most active at present.

Beautiful Girls (movie)

Beautiful Girls is a 1996 American romantic comedy-drama movie. It stars Rosie O'Donnell, Matt Dillon, Mira Sorvino and Natalie Portman. The movie was released in February 1996. It is about a reunion. Ted Demme directed the movie. Also starring are Annabeth Gish, Lauren Holly, Michael Rapaport and Uma Thurman.

Teimour Radjabov

Teimour Radjabov, born 12 March 1987 in Baku, Azerbaijan, is the leading Azerbaijani chess player. 

Radjabov earned the title of Grandmaster in March 2001 at the age of 14, making him the second-youngest grandmaster in history at that time (to Bu Xiangzhi). Radjabov's playing style has been described as attacking and tactically influenced.

Radjabov came second in the FIDE Grand Prix 2008–2010, qualifying him for the Candidates tournament for the World Chess Championship of 2012.

Radjabov is the youngest player ever to make the FIDE Top 100 Players list. His rating of 2599 in January 2002 ranked 93rd in the world while he was still 14 years old.

In 2003, Radjabov defeated Garry Kasparov, Viswanathan Anand, and Ruslan Ponomariov with the black pieces. He is probably the first player ever to beat three former and reigning FIDE World Chess Champions with the black pieces in one year.

Radjabov reached the semi-finals (earning a bronze medal) at the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004.

In this key position play went:

If Kasparov had taken the knight play would have gone:
and Black comes through the centre.

Rumble Fighter

Rumble Fighter is a computer game. It is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) where it is possible to play different classes such as the Striker, Soul Fighter, Elementalist, Alchemist or Shaman. The game is usually played player vs. player (PVP), but a new mode called Adventure Mode makes it possible to fight monsters, single play or party play.

Peak oil

Peak oil is the idea that at some point an oil well, an oil field, a country, or the world, will be producing the most crude oil it can ever produce at one time. After this point, less oil will be produced and therefore people will have to use less oil because it will cost more money. Many scientists and governments are concerned about what will happen when there is less oil to go around.

The first person to come up with this idea was M.K. Hubbert in the 1950s and 1960s, who said that a graph of oil production looks like a curve (which we now call Hubbert's Curve). Hubbert drew a graph in 1956 that predicted that the United States would reach its peak oil in the early 1970s. The United States did indeed reach its peak oil in the early 1970s. 

It is unclear as to when the world's peak oil will happen, though many scientists agree that it was reached in the early 2000s or before 2020. For example, in 2010 the International Energy Agency (IEA) has said that peak oil may have happened in 2006.

Corgi

The corgi (or Welsh corgi) is a small breed of dog. It comes from Wales.

There are two breeds: the Pembroke Welsh corgi and the Cardigan Welsh corgi. Queen Elizabeth II has kept pet Pembroke Welsh corgis since she was seven years old.

Corgis have a long torso and short legs, large bones, and a very short tail. Corgis were originally bred as dogs. They are very active and like exercise. They are intelligent and have good memories.

Outside Wales, corgis have been made popular by Queen Elizabeth II. She usually had at least four as pets and once as many as thirteen. Her first corgi was named Susan. She mated Susan and her current dogs are still offspring of that breeding. She now has two corgis who are about twelve years old. Some portraits of Queen Elizabeth II show her holding a corgi or a few around her.

Ace

Ace, Aces, ACE or ACES may refer to:


Dave Bolland

Dave Bolland (born June 5, 1986 in Etobicoke, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre. He played for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Chicago Blackhawks and Toronto Maple Leafs.

He began his hockey career when he played for the Queensway Canadiens at Mimico Areana, the local arena in Mimico. He then played minor hockey for the Toronto Red Wings of the Greater Toronto Hockey League from 2000 until 2002. When he played for the Red Wings, they won the OHL All Ontario Bantam Championship.

He was selected eighth overall in the first round of the 2002 Ontario Hockey League (OHL) Priority Selection by the London Knights. He played 4 seasons with the Knight before he was drafted with the 32nd overall pick by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks in 2010.

On June 24, 2013, He scored the game-winning goal in the final minute of game 6 of the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals to help the Blackhawks win their fifth cup and the second cup in four years (2010).

During the 2013 NHL Entry draft, the Blackhawks traded Bolland to the Maple Leafs in exchange for the 51st pick, the 117th pick and a fourth-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry draft.

On June 28, 2014, Bolland was signed as a free agent by the Florida Panthers to a five-year, $27.5 million contract.

Dave Bolland has yet to play a NHL game since December 16, 2015 due to back injury although he was traded to Arizona Coyotes for a conditional second round pick.

Middlesex

Middlesex is one of the historic counties of England and the second smallest by area. The county once contained the rich and politically independent City of London on its southern boundary. The county was affected by the expansion of London in the 18th and 19th centuries. From 1855 the south east was administered as part of London. When county councils were initially introduced in England in 1889 around 20% of the area of Middlesex, and a third of its population, was transferred to the County of London.

In the interwar years urban London further expanded, with the expansion of public transport, and the setting up of new industries outside inner London. 

After a Royal Commission on Local Government in Greater London, Middlesex was absorbed by an enlarged Greater London in 1965. Despite its disappearance as an administrative county, Middlesex is still used as an area name. It was kept as a postal county; it is an optional component of postal addresses. It is still regarded by many as a meaningful area, with its own teams in County cricket, rugby and other sports and pastimes.

Ernst Heinrich Meier

Ernst Heinrich Meier (17 May 1813 in Bückeburg – 2 March 1866 in Tübingen) was a German Orientalist. He published an Indian play, "Sakuntala or the Lost Ring". He also published a collection of German folk songs.

Chico Slimani

Chico Slimani (born 2 April 1971) is a Moroccan-Welsh pop singer based in the UK and Morocco. He has been active since 2005 when he reached the quarter-finals of the 2005 UK series of talent show "The X Factor". He has had 3 hit singles as of 2010, Number 1 hit "It's Chico Time", which was number 3 in Ireland, Number 24 hit "Disco" which was number 39 in Ireland and Number 45 hit "Curvy Cola Bottle Body" which failed to chart in Ireland he charted at number 85 with "It's England Time". He is part of Sony BMG record label. His album is "Lights, Camera, Action". He is a contestant in the seventh series of "Dancing on Ice", which began in January 2012. He is also known as Chico.

Recaredo Santos Tornero

Recaredo Santos Tornero (October 14, 1842 – July 26, 1902) was a Chilean editor and journalist. He was the director of "El Mercurio de Valparaíso" and founder of "El Comercio".

Tornero was born in Valparaíso, on October 14, 1842. His parents were Carmen Olmos de Aguilera Orrego, and the Spanish immigrant José Santos Tornero Monteros, who was also the owner of the first public library in Chile. Recaredo Tornero studied at the National Institute of Santiago, and later attended the École Supérieure de Commerce de Paris, in France. He came back to Chile in 1860. In 1866, he succeeded his father as the director of "El Mercurio de Valparaíso". He married Elena Stuven Olmos, and they had four children: Carmela, Recaredo, Teresa and Enrique.

His father's businesses included the Spanish Library (), the printing house of "El Mercurio" and the Valparaíso newspaper of the same name. The enterprise remained in the family's possession for 33 years. In 1866, Tornero and his brother Orestes bought the enterprise from their father.

Orestes took care of the library and its other parts, while Recaredo continued running the printing house and the newspaper. Later, they formed the Tornero & Sons Society () with his father, who was living outside Chile.

Tornero was the only editor of "El Mercurio de Valparaíso" from 1867 to 1870. In 1870, he partnered with Camilo Letelier. Blanco Cuartín became the main editor of the newspaper later and suggested that it focus on culture and literacy

He published "Chile Ilustrado" in 1872, the first illustrated album of Chile, with a descriptive guide, historic, politic, industrial, social and statistical review of the country and a rich graphic backup, with more than 200 wood engravings and 10 litographs. He was given a prize for this book at the 1876 Philadelphia Exposition.

After running it for nine years, he sold his part of the newspaper to Camilo Letelier. He revisited Europe in 1875, and bought machinery to create the first paper mill in Chile in 1880. At that time, he also started to publish foreign works translated into Spanish.

After his return to Valparaíso, Tornero founded a library and a printing house in Almendral. His brother Orestes died in 1881, and Tornero he took over the Mercurio library, which was mainly focused on editing teaching material and works translated from French.

President José Manuel Balmaceda had a bad relationship with the Chilean press. For this reason, Recaredo started the newspaper "El Comercio" to support him.

Recaredo died in Santiago on July 26, 1902.

Madonna discography

Notes

Addictive personality

People who have a personality with many traits that make them prone to addiction are said to have an addictive personality. An addiction is a physical or psychological dependency that influences the life of that person negatively. Many addicted people use illegal drugs, but this does not have to be the case: many can also be addicted to smoking, gambling, food, exercise, work, video games, pornography or relationships. People with an addictive personality tend to plan their lives around the addiction. Addictive personality is difficult to treat.


Nexus (professional wrestling)

The Nexus was a professional wrestling stable that competed on the Raw brand. The Nexus' members were the First and Second Season NXT Rookies, CM Punk and John Cena.

Before the Nexus joined together, they were contestants on the show, NXT. At the end of the first season of the show, Wade Barrett was chosen to be the winner, and he got a WWE contract and a chance to face any champion he chose. The seven losers of the show were left without a job. On the June 7th Raw, the group debuted during a match between John Cena and CM Punk. The Nexus attacked Punk, Cena, Luke Gallows, Jerry Lawler, Matt Striker, and other WWE employees.
A week later, The Nexus explained their motive for what they did. They said that the WWE didn't treat them good during their time on NXT. Now, they wanted the WWE to give the other 7 members of the Nexus WWE contracts. Bret Hart said no, and he also fired Barrett. The Nexus then attacked Hart, and threw him into a limo. They drove the limo around, crashing into other cars, and hurting Bret Hart. During the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view, the Nexus interfered in the main event for the WWE Championship, attacking all the wrestlers involved. Sheamus used the interference to win the championship from John Cena.

The next night, Vince McMahon chose a new general manager of Raw. This new GM gave the all of the Nexus WWE contracts. Barrett said that this group was going to form no matter who won the competition, stating that the seven of them had formed a "Nexus" and had a common goal they all fought to have accomplished. However, even after apologizing for their actions, the Nexus continued their attacks, including one on McMahon who tried to take credit for the Nexus' actions.

At Money in the Bank pay-per-view, the Nexus tried to get involved in the WWE Championship match involving Sheamus and John Cena in a steel cage by breaking the door. However, the referees threw away the key and the tool that Tarver tried to use to break in. Then, they tried to climb up and get into the match. However, Sheamus and Cena were able to hold them off and escape, with Sheamus winning. Afterwards, Cena began beating up Tarver and Young and then took Tarver's Nexus armband.

On the July 19 episode of "Raw" the Nexus continued their attacks on the Raw roster by first attacking Edge and then Chris Jericho. Later on in the show Barrett beat Mark Henry. After that, Barrett and The Nexus asked Cena to join them. Cena refused and said that he would take them all down at SummerSlam, and that he had found some help to do it. Cena revealed his team one by one; the members were Edge, John Morrison, R-Truth, The Great Khali, Chris Jericho and Bret Hart. On the August 9 episode of "Raw", the Nexus attacked the Hart Dynasty, Mark Henry, and the Great Khali before being stopped by Team WWE in a tag team lumberjack match. At SummerSlam, the Nexus were defeated by Team WWE, who had Daniel Bryan, who joined Team WWE as a surprise member (after Nexus had (kayfabe) injured Khali, taking him out of the match) and eliminated both Young and Slater.

On the August 16, 2010 episode of Raw, Wade Barrett said that each member of Nexus would have a match facing a member of Team WWE and if a Nexus member lost they would be kicked out. All members of the Nexus, except for Darren Young, won their matches that night. Because of this, Young was thrown out of Nexus and attacked afterwards.

At a live event in Hawaii, member Skip Sheffield broke his ankle during a tag match with Otunga against the Hart Dynasty. This injury would take Sheffield out of action for months and that left only 5 members of Nexus left. The Nexus defeated the team of John Cena, Edge, Chris Jericho, Sheamus and Randy Orton in a 5 on 5 elimination match. They also attacked The Undertaker with the help of Kane.

They would appear on SmackDown and attack Dolph Ziggler, MVP, Big Show and John Cena. The Nexus would later serve as lumberjacks in the main event match between John Cena and Kane.

Wade Barrett went on to face John Cena at Hell in a Cell. If Barrett won, Cena would be forced to join Nexus but if Cena won Nexus would be disbanded. Barrett went on to win the match after Husky Harris and Michael McGillicutty interfered in the match.

On the following Raw, John Cena was paired with Michael Tarver. After their match, Cena attacked Tarver. Barrett said they were going to get rid of Tarver anyways. Cena said he would destroy Nexus from the inside but the mystery GM said that Cena was a member of Nexus now and he would either take orders from Barrett or be fired. During a #1 contender battle royal later that night, Barrett ordered Cena to eliminate himself when it came down to them. At Bragging Rights, Cena and Otunga won the WWE Tag Team Championship by defeating Cody Rhodes and Drew McIntyre. The rest of the Nexus also helped Kane defeat The Undertaker in a buried alive match later that night. Barrett defeated Randy Orton in the main event match for the WWE Championship by disqualification from John Cena which caused him not to win the championship. Slater and Gabriel won the Tag Team Championship on the next Raw when Barrett ordered Otunga to lie down and be pinned on purpose. Barrett also said that Michael McGillicutty and Husky Harris had become official member of Nexus. Cena defeated Orton in the main event match by disqualification from Barrett. Barrett was allowed to chose a special guest referee for his WWE Championship rematch against Orton at Survivor Series and he chose Cena. He said if Cena didn't make sure he won, Cena would be fired from the WWE but if Barrett did win, Cena would be able to leave the Nexus. Otunga led Harris, Slater, Gabriel and McGillicutty and they invaded SmackDown where they interrupted a match between Edge and Alberto Del Rio. They were defeated in the main event 10-man tag team match by Edge, Del Rio, Big Show, Kane and Kofi Kingston. Barrett wasn't happy with Otunga's decision to invade SmackDown and he forced Otunga to defend his spot in the group the next week. Otunga successfully defended his spot in the group when he defeated Edge in a lumberjack match, after an interference from Kane. Orton defeated Barrett at Survivor Series to keep his WWE Championship. Cena was later fired from the WWE and left Nexus.

Even though Cena was fired, he kept showing up on Raw where he interfered in matches and attacked them backstage. Cena caused Slater and Gabriel to lose their Tag Team Champions to Santino Marella and Vladimir Kozlov after he interfered in their Fatal 4-Way tag team elimination match. Cena said later in the night that his attacks on Barrett would continue but attacks on the rest of the members of Nexus may stop eventually. Nexus threatened to kick out Barrett if he did not get Cena rehired. Barrett rehired Cena and faced him in a Chairs match at . Cena defeated Barrett after he attacked the other members of Nexus throughout the PPV.

Nexus announced that it was under "new management" and CM Punk later revealed that he was that new leader after Barrett was kicked out of Nexus for losing his match against Randy Orton and Sheamus. After CM Punk ordered Slater and Gabriel to hit each other with kendo swords for initiation, they refused and left Nexus to join Barrett and Ezekiel Jackson on SmackDown as The Corre. Mason Ryan joined Nexus after he interfered in a match between Punk and Cena. The feud between Cena and Nexus ended when Cena eliminated the members of Nexus in the Royal Rumble except Husky Harris who was eliminated by The Great Khali. Nexus cost Randy Orton his WWE Championship at the Royal Rumble and Orton would punt Harris in the skull on the following Raw after Harris and McGillicutty failed to win the Tag Team Championship from Santino Marella and Vladimir Kozlov. Orton would punt each member of Nexus over the weeks and removed them from in ring action. Orton was unable to punt Punk in the head after their match at WrestleMania XXVII which left Punk as the only active member of Nexus. The rest of the members of Nexus returned and cost Orton a shot at the WWE Championship. Orton was drafted to SmackDown during the WWE Draft and defeated Punk at Extreme Rules which ended the feud between Orton and Nexus. Ryan later left the group because of an injury. Nexus quietly disbanded on August 22, 2011.


British Film Institute

The British Film Institute is a charity which helps to promote movies. They call them films rather than movies. It runs several cinemas including the IMAX, in London. It also runs the annual London Film Festival, which has movies, and the Lesbian and Gay Film Festival, which also has movies. The BFI has a large archive with more than 50,000 fiction movies (though they call them films), over 100,000 non-fiction titles and around 625,000 television programmes.

Yasuhito Endo

Endo was born in Kagoshima on January 28, 1980. After graduating from Kagoshima Jitsugyo High School, he joined J1 League club Yokohama Flügels in 1998. In March, he debuted against Yokohama Marinos in opening game in 1998 season. He played many matches as central midfielder in 1998 season. The club won the champions in 1998 Emperor's Cup. However the club was disbanded end of 1998 season due to financial strain. In 1999, he moved to Kyoto Purple Sanga with contemporaries Kazuki Teshima, Hideo Oshima and so on. He became a regular player and played many matches. However the club was relegated to J2 League end of 2000 season.

In 2001, Endo move to J1 club Gamba Osaka. He played as central player for the club for long time under manager Akira Nishino (2002–2011). He was also selected J.League Best Eleven for 10 years in a row (2003-2012). In 2005, Gamba won the champions in J1 League first time in the club history. In 2008, Gamba won the champions in AFC Champions League for 2 years in a row as Japanese club (Urawa Reds won in 2007). Gamba also won the 2008 Emperor's Cup. Endo was selected "Japanese Footballer of the Year". In 2009, Gamba won the Emperor's Cup for 2 years in a row. Endo was selected "Asian Footballer of the Year".

However manager Nishino left Gamba end of 2011 season and the club performance deteriorated soon. In 2012, Gamba finished at the 17th place of 18 clubs and was relegated to J2 League. Gamba won the champions in 2013 season and returned to J1 in a year. In 2014 season, Gamba won all three major title in Japan, J1 League, J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup. Endo was selected "J.League MVP" first time and "Japanese Footballer of the Year" second time. Although he played as regular player for a long time, his opportunity to play decreased in 2020. In October 2020, he moved to J2 League club Júbilo Iwata.

In April 1999, Endo was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 1999 World Youth Championship. At this tournament, he played all 7 matches as defensive midfielder and Japan won the 2nd place. On November 20, 2002, he debuted for the Japan national team against Argentina. After the debut, he became a regular player. In 2004, he played at 2004 Asian Cup and Japan won the champions. However he lost his position from 2005. In 2006, although he was selected Japan for 2006 World Cup, he could not play in the match.

After the 2006 World Cup, Endo became a regular player as offensive midfielder under new manager Ivica Osim and wore the "number 7" shirt for Japan as Hidetoshi Nakata successor. In 2008, Takeshi Okada became a new manager, he played as defensive midfielder with Makoto Hasebe. He was selected Japan for 2010 World Cup. He played all 4 matches and scored a goal from a free-kick against Denmark in a 3–1 win as Japan qualified for the knockout stage. In 2011, he played at 2011 Asian Cup and Japan won the champions. From autumn 2013, his opportunity to play decreased. He also played at 2014 World Cup and 2015 Asian Cup. He played 152 games and scored 15 goals for Japan until 2015.

689||110||49||10||76||5||59||10||872||135
689||110||48||10||76||5||59||10||872||135

!Total||152||15

Leader of the Opposition (New Zealand)

The Leader of the Opposition in New Zealand is the politician who leads the MPs that are not in government in the New Zealand Parliament. In the debating chamber the Leader of the Opposition sits directly opposite the Prime Minister. At present, the Leader of the Opposition is Chris Hipkins of Labour since 2023.

Usually, the Leader of the Opposition is the leader of the largest party of the Opposition.

The Leader of the Opposition does not have a large official role, but there are several ways in which the Leader of the Opposition takes part in affairs of state. Often, these relate to national security matters, which are supposed to go past party politics - the New Zealand Security Intelligence Service, for example, has to talk to the Leader of the Opposition as well as the Prime Minister about certain matters.

The Leader of the Opposition also receives a higher salary than other members of the Opposition, being paid the same amount as a Cabinet Minister.

Premier of Victoria

The Premier of Victoria is the head of the Government of Victoria, Australia. The Premier does the same job at a state level as the Prime Minister of Australia does at a national level. Formal power is held by the King who is represented in Victoria by the Governor of Victoria. The Governor acts on the advice given to him by the Premier. The current Premier of Victoria is Jacinta Allan.

Victoria is governed under the Westminster system of parliamentary government. It is a bicameral system with two elected houses. The lower house is called the Legislative Assembly and the upper house is called the Legislative Council. After an election, the State Governor appoints as Premier, the leader of the party who can control a majority of the elected members in the lower house. The Premier must resign if they no longer have a majority in the Legislative Assembly. This can happen if they lose seats at an election, or if their own political party does not support them.

Victoria was a British colony, and power was held by the Governor. In 1855, Britain allowed Victoria to have its own parliament, and the power was passed to the Premier.

El Mercurio de Valparaíso

El Mercurio de Valparaíso is the oldest newspaper of Chile, and the oldest one in the world in Spanish language that is still being published –the first newspaper in Chile was "La Aurora de Chile". It is from Valparaíso, and it was founded in 1827 by typographers Thomas G. Wells, Ignacio Silva Medina and Pedro Félix Vicuña. The first edition was published in September 12, 1827.

It is claimed that newspaper "El Peruano" is the oldest one in Spanish language.


Valparaíso (disambiguation)

Valparaíso may refer to:






Valparaíso

Valparaíso is a city in Chile, in the central coast del Litoral Central. It's also the capital of the province and region, and the legislative capital of the country. The city is part of the Greater Valparaíso conurbation.

The Chilean House of Representatives, the Command in Chief of the Chilean Army, the Fishing Undersecretary, the Fishing National Service, amidst other organizations, are in this city. The historical part of the city was declared "World Heritage Site" by UNESCO, in 2003.

Azoximer bromide

Azoximer bromide is a macromolecular compound with high-molecular weight and not proved immunomodulating activity. It is using in 
CIS countries for treatment and prophylaxis of diseases connected with damage of immune system. It is a N-oxidized polyethylene–piperazine derivative. Azoximer bromide is sold under the trade name Polyoxidonium.

Polyoxidonium is registered in US Patent-5503830 from 1996, in the Russian Federation from 1996, under registration number 96/302/9, FS 42-3906-00.

Big Boss Man

Raymond Washington Traylor, Jr. (May 2, 1963 – September 22, 2004) was a American professional wrestler. He is best known for wrestling with the WWF under the ring name (The) Big Bossman and with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) under the many different ring names. 

During his time with the WWF, he won the WWF Hardcore Champion four times where his fourth reign is credited as being the longest in WWF/E History. He also won the WWF Tag Team Championship one time with Ken Shamrock. He was one of the first members of The Corporation and served as their bodyguard.

He died of a heart attack in his Acworth, Georgia home on September 22, 2004.

In 2016, Traylor was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Slick.


Chilliwack

Chilliwack is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. 

The population of Chilliwack was 77,936 in 2011. The mayor of Chilliwack is Ken Popove.

The Stó:lō people lived in the area between 5,000 and 10,000 years ago. The population grew from 1857 to 1859 when gold was found in the Fraser Canyon. Over 40,000 gold miners had traveled to the goldfields and many of them traveled through the Chilliwack area. Chilliwack was incorporated as a town in 1873 and was the third municipality in British Columbia.


Whitesnake

Whitesnake are an English hard rock band formed in London in 1978. The members of the group are David Coverdale, the only sole-singer and founder of the band, drummer Tommy Aldridge (since 1987; left 2007 but rejoined in 2013), guitarist Reb Beach and Joel Hoekstra, bassist Tanya O'Callaghan, and keyboardist Michelle Luppi and Dino Jelusick.




Printer (publishing)

In publishing, printers are the companies that supply printing services and persons who operate directly printing presses.

After the invention of the moveable type printing press by Johannes Gutenberg around 1450, printers were made popular throughout Europe.

Today, printers are found throughout the world. They include:


An artist that operates a printing press to do their own works, especially by hand, is usually named by the term printmaker.


Kris Aquino

Kristina Bernadette Cojuangco Aquino (born February 14, 1971) is a Filipino actress and television host. She is the fourth daughter of Former President Corazon Aquino and Former senator Ninoy Aquino and sister of president Benigno Aquino III.

List of infectious diseases

List of human infectious diseases arranged by name.


University of Melbourne

The University of Melbourne is in Melbourne, Victoria. Opened in 1853, it is the second oldest university in Australia, and the oldest in Victoria. The main campus is in Parkville, just north of the Melbourne CBD. It has several other campuses across Victoria. It has one of the largest financial endowments of any Australian university, standing at $1.105bn as of 2008.
Melbourne is one of the top universities in Australia and the world. In Australia it has a leading position in business, education, engineering, arts, law and medicine. It is the second largest research organisation in Australia after the CSIRO. In 2008, it spent AU$653.7m on research. 
The university has over 35,000 students, and nearly 7,200 staff members. In 2008 it changed the way it organized its courses. This to be like way American and European universities work. The idea was to link to the European Union's Bologna process and get international acceptance for its degrees. many people were unhappy with these changes. Professor Glyn Davis AC is Melbourne's current vice-chancellor.

Melbourne University was started by the Victorian Parliament in 1853. Classes began in 1855 with three professors and 16 students. The buildings were officially opened by the Lieutenant Governor of the Colony of Victoria, Sir Charles Hotham, on 3 October 1855. The first chancellor, Redmond Barry (later Sir Redmond), held the position until his death in 1880. 

At first all the buildings were built in the gothic revival style. In the 1950s a modernist style was started as the new "house style", resulting in the mix of university buildings seen today.

The opening of the university was made possible by the wealth coming from the Victorian gold rush. The university was to be a "civilising influence" at a time of rapid settlement and commercial growth (Selleck, 2003). It was not a religious university and was not allowed to offer in degrees in divinity. The churches could only build colleges on only the northern edge. The local population wanted 'useful' subjects like law, not 'useless' subjects like classics. The people of Melbourne won this argument, and law was introduced in 1857, and medicine and engineering in the 1860s. Women were let into courses in 1881.

In 1902 the university was bankrupt when it was found out that the man in charge of the university's money, Frederick Dickson, had stolen ₤24,000. The university's annual budget was £15,000. Dickson was jailed for seven years. This resulted in a royal commission that came up with new ways of funding, and new courses including agriculture and education. 

After World War II, there were more students wanting to go to a university and Melbourne University became much larger and more inclusive.

The 150th anniversary was celebrated in 2003.

Fabiano Caruana

Fabiano Luigi Caruana, (born 30 July 1992 in Miami, Florida), is a chess grandmaster. He has dual citizenship of Italy and the United States. Fabiano plays for Italy in team events.

He became a grandmaster at the age of 14 years, 11 months and 20 days, making him the youngest grandmaster in the history of Italy and the United States. Fabiano won the 2018 Candidates Tournament, which gave him the chance to play Magnus Carlsen for the title of World Chess Champion.
Caruana and Carlsen played 12 games using Classical time controls. All of these games ended in a draw. This is the only time in the history of the world chess championship that all classical games have ended in a draw. On 28 November, rapid chess was used as a tie-breaker; Caruana lost three games in a row, and Carlsen kept his title as World Chess Champion.

Twig

A twig is a small, thin branch. people can study twigs to identify plants, especially in winter when they have no leaves.

2010 Tour de France

The 97th edition of the Tour de France took place from 3 to 25 July. The winner was Andy Schleck, because Alberto Contador was disqualified.

The Prologue is held in Rotterdam in the Netherlands. After Amsterdam in 1954, Scheveningen in 1973, Leiden in 1978 and s'Hertogenbosch in 1996, Rotterdam is the fifth city in the Netherlands to have hosted the start of the Tour de France.

As of 10 July, 2010

As of 1st July.

During this Tour de France, 3,27 million € are distributed. At the start, each team receives 51 243 €. In return, each team presents in the arrival with at least seven riders obtained a prime of 1 600 € per rider present.


It rewards the overall leader, adding the times achieved on each step. In case of equal time in the general classification, the hundredths of a second recorded by the timekeepers at the time trial "individual" are reintroduced into the total time to separate athletes and decide the attribution of the Yellow jersey.

The points classification is based on the following scale :

The classification of the mountain is based on the following scale :
Points awarded in the climb off-categorized, and 2 categories are doubled when it's the last mountain pass of the stage.

The classification is reserved for young riders born in 1985 or later. The first of them in the general classification is declared leader of the best young rider.

The general team classification is established by adding the three best individual times from each team in all stages. After the last stage, the team credited with the shortest time is declared the winner of the team standings.

The combativity award reward the rider who was the most generous in the effort and showing the best sportsmanship in the stage. After the last stage a Super Competitor is designated by members of the Jury of the Tour de France.

Growth ring

A Growth ring is the ring of growth found in some living organisms, such as trees. Some animals such as shells and corals also have annual growth rings.

Counting the growth rings shows how old the organism is, or was when it stopped growing. For example, the growth rings in furniture, walls and other wooden items can be counted.

Tree rings grow under the bark, and the bark is pushed out while the tree is growing. The inner part of a growth ring is formed early in the growing season, when growth is fast and is known as early wood. The outer portion is the late wood, and is denser than early wood. Many trees in places with hot summers and cold winters make one growth ring a year.

For the entire life of a tree, a year by year record or ring pattern is formed that reveals the climate conditions in which the tree grew. If a tree grows in a dry place, you can tell its age better than when it grows in a wet place. Switching in between bad and good conditions can result in several rings forming in one year. Tree ring growth patterns are affected by the climate, weather, rain, temperature, soil pH, plant nutrition, carbon dioxide concentration, and sunspots.

Rings happen because of the change in growth speed through winter, spring, summer and fall, so one ring usually marks the passage of one year in the life of the tree. Tree rings are more visible in places where the seasons change between hot and cold. Enough moisture and a long growing season result in a wide ring. A dry year may result in a very narrow ring. Trees from the same area will tend to grow the same pattern of rings. 

Tree growth rings can tell us about the ancient climate and growth rings can be used to tell the age of a tree. Growth rings can also be used to date the wood in old buildings, ships and frames for paintings. Tree rings are used to make radiocarbon dating more accurate.

Some perennial herb species form annual growth rings in their roots that basically follow the same principles as growth rings in trees.


Albert Esch

Albert Esch (2 April, 1883 in Eisgrub, Mähren – 26 September, 1954 in Vienna) was an Austrian landscape architect in the 20th century.

José Manuel Balmaceda

José Manuel Balmaceda (1838 – 1891) was a Chilean politician, who eventually became President of the Republic of Chile.

Balmaceda was born in Bucalemu, in 1838. In 1865, he became one of the representatives of the government of Chile at the South American General Congress at Lima, and after his return, he obtained great distinction as an orator in the national assembly.

He became Minister of Foreign Affairs and of the Interior under the presidency of Domingo Santa Maria. He was elected President in 1886. On January 1, 1891 he claimed his intention to terminate an "intolerable situation", by refusing to convoke the assembly, and he ordered to continue the collection of taxes. This action provoked the Chilean Civil War of 1891, which ended with the overthrow of President Balmaceda, who later committed suicide on September 18, in the anniversary of his elevation to the Presidency.

Ozymandias

Ozymandias is a sonnet by Percy Bysshe Shelley. It was published in 1818 in the 11 January issue of "The Examiner", a journal in London. It is probably Shelley's most famous short poem.

The poem has been noted for its skillful diction, and its powerful themes and imagery. The central theme of "Ozymandias" is the inevitable (unavoidable) ruin of leaders and empires. The message is that all leaders and the empires they build will always end up as nothing, however mighty they are.

The name "Ozymandias" comes from a transliteration into Greek of the throne name of Ramesses II. The sonnet paraphrases (copies in different words) the writing on the base of a statue of Ramesses. The statue is called Younger Memnon and it is from Thebes (it is now in the British Museum). The writing on the statue was recorded by Diodorus Siculus in his "Bibliotheca historica". It reads: "King of Kings am I, Osymandias. If anyone would know how great I am and where I lie, let him surpass one of my works".


Norwich International Airport

Norwich International Airport is an airport in the city of Norwich, United Kingdom.
Norwich has regular flights to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, ran by KLM, which have been operating for many years. Other services, run both internationally (normally via Schiphol), or within the British isles.

IATA airport code

An IATA airport code, is a three-letter code that can be used to identify airports. This removes the need to write the name of the airport in full every time it is needed, instead an IATA code can be used.

An important use of these codes is on baggage tags. They will display the IATA code for the airport which the bags should be heading to, should they get lost.

International Civil Aviation Organization airport code

An ICAO code is the code used by pilots and air traffic controllers to identify airports simply and easily.

The code is made up of four numbers or letters. These are not the same as IATA codes, which are often simpler, and are made to sound like the airport's name. For example, people who fly from Heathrow airport, are likely to know it best as either Heathrow, or by its IATA code: LHR. They are less likely to know its ICAO code: EGLL.

Boston

Boston is the largest city of Massachusetts in the United States. It was founded in 1630. Boston is one of the oldest, richest and most culturally important cities in the United States.

Boston was founded on September 7, 1630, by Puritan colonists from England. Boston's early European settlers called the area "Trimountaine" (Three Mountains). They renamed the town for Boston, England, in Lincolnshire because many important "Pilgrim" colonists came from there.

Most of Boston's early citizens were Puritans. Shortly after Boston's settlement, Puritans created America's first public school and America's first university, Harvard University (1636). Harvard is in the city of Cambridge, which is across the Charles River from Boston. Until the 1760s, Boston was America's largest city.

During the early 1770s, the British tried to control the thirteen colonies with taxes. This made people from Boston start the American Revolution. The Boston Massacre, the Boston Tea Party, and several early battles happened in or near the city. It held its first town meeting in Faneuil Hall in 1743.

Boston continued to grow and attract immigrants from around the world. Many immigrants came from Ireland, and gave Boston a very Irish culture that remains today. President John F. Kennedy was a member of an Irish-American family that lived in Boston. Many immigrants also came from Italy, and lived in Boston's North End, where Italian culture remains, with various Italian stores, restaurants, bakeries, and homes.

On 15 April 2013, two bombs exploded at the Boston Marathon.

Boston is located on the Shawmut Peninsula. The city covers . Boston Harbor and the Atlantic Ocean is located east of the city. A much larger metropolitan area surrounds Boston.

The highest point in Boston is Bellevue Hill, at above sea level. The lowest point is at sea level. Boston is the only state capital in the contiguous United States with an ocean coastline.

Boston has a continental climate with some ocean effects. Summers are normally warm to hot, rainy, and humid, while winters alternate between periods of cold rain and snow, with cold temperatures. Spring and fall are usually mild. Existing wind patterns that blow offshore lower the effect of the Atlantic Ocean.

The hottest month is July, with an average temperature of . The coldest month is January, with an average of . Extremes have ranged from on February 9, 1934, up to on July 4, 1911.

Boston's location on the North Atlantic moderates its temperature, but makes the city very likely to suffer from Nor'easter storm systems that can produce much snow and rain. The city averages of precipitation a year, with of snowfall per year.

The tallest towers in Boston are the Prudential Tower and the John Hancock Tower.

Boston has a culture that is quite similar to New England, such as a New England accent and foods that are mostly seafood, salt, and dairy products. Irish-Americans are very important in Boston's politics and religious activities. Boston people also have a style of talking which is called Boston slang.

It is often thought that Bostonians have a strong sense of culture. Perhaps this is because Boston is famous for being a very intellectual place, with much of its culture coming from its universities. The city has many complex theatres, including the Cutler Majestic Theatre, Boston Opera House, Citi Performing Arts Center, the Colonial Theater, and the Orpheum Theatre. The headquarters of Unitarian Universalism (UU) is located in Boston. The Christian Science movement has also made its home in the Boston area.

Boston has many historic places and Bostonians take pride in their city's history. The American Revolution began in Boston, and many of its leaders, such as Samuel Adams, John Adams, John Hancock, and Paul Revere were from the city. Many of the sites from the Revolution are preserved in the city, including Faneuil Hall, the Old State House, Park Street Church, and others. These form the "Freedom Trail", a walk that takes visitors past many historic places in the city.

Boston is one of the United States' most important cities in education and health care. Boston and the towns around it contain many of the country's leading universities. Harvard, MIT, and Boston University are some of the most famous.

Professional sports are an important part of life in Boston. The Red Sox play baseball at Fenway Park, the oldest stadium in Major League Baseball (1912). The Celtics, a basketball team, and the Bruins, a hockey team, both play at the TD Garden. Boston's football team, the New England Patriots, play in Foxborough, a town 22 miles south of the city.

In 2020, the population of Boston was 675,647. The population had grown 9.4% since 2010. Boston has 13,977 people per square mile. The population is 47.3% male and 52.7% female. The racial breakdown is shown in the Racial Groups table. 
The people from outside the United States are 178,805. 27.7% of the population come from outside of the United States.

The unemployment rate in Boston is 5.9% since June 2014. The 35th annual homeless census from 2015 said there were 7,663 homeless men, women, and children in Boston. The homeless population increased 5.6% since 2013. The number of homeless people sleeping on the streets decreased by 22.8% since 2013. However, the number of adults in emergency shelters has grown by 10.9%. In 2015, the homeless family population increased by 25%. The total number of homeless men, woman, families and children increased by 20.9% from 3,541 to 4,281.

Mayor Marty Walsh announced his goal to help those in need for a permanent housing solution. Agencies such as Pine Street Inn, Boston Healthcare, Project Hope, and Boston Public Health Commission are helping the homeless. The homeless are helped by reducing family evictions. Property management companies and nonprofits, such as Project Hope and the Department of Neighborhood Development, will increase affordable housing options. Boston Public Health Commission and the Department of Neighborhood Development will work together to provide support for treatment options and shelters. The Wyman Re-Entry Center has a 90-day residential substance-abuse and recovery program. The Safe Harbor serves adults with HIV. The project SOAR stands for Stability, Opportunity, Achievement, and Recovery, and helps clients maintain a healthy lifestyle and provide support in moving to permanent housing.

About 89.1% of the population ages 25 years and over in Boston have a high school diploma or higher in 2022. Those with a Bachelor's degree or higher make up 54.2% of the population.

Some of the Colleges and Universities in Boston are: 

There are many more not listed here.

The MBTA runs the city's subway (known as "the T"), commuter rail, buses, and ferries. The main airport for the city is Logan International Airport.

The main highways for the area are:




Parti Québécois

The Parti Québécois (PQ) is a political party that wants sovereignty for the province of Quebec. The party wants Quebec to secede from Canada and become an independent country.

The Parti Québécois, or PQ was founded by René Lévesque. PQ's main goals are to get independence for Quebec. In the provincial election of 1976, the Parti Québécois was elected to the government of Quebec for the first time and René Lévesque, became the premier of Quebec. Many French people in Quebec were happy to see the Lévesque as premier, while many English people were not happy.

The PQ passed a bill called Bill 101. This bill is a law that makes French the only official language of Quebec and restricts the use of English in Quebec, even though English and French are both official languages of Canada. The party was elected again in the 1981 election, but in November 1984 founder René Lévesque left the party and the PQ lost the 1985 election.

The Parti Québécois started the first Quebec referendum, having the citizens vote to decide to either leave Canada or stay a part of the country. 60% of the people who voted decided to stay in Canada. The PQ had a second referendum in 1995. The citizens once again voted to stay in Canada. The leader of the party, Jacques Parizeau, quit after the referendum failed.

The current Bloc Québécois leader Gilles Duceppe was the first to announce that he would to try to become the leader of the PQ, on May 11, 2007. Pauline Marois also said she was going to try to become leader, but Duceppe changed his mind on the 12th leaving Marois the only candidate. On June 26, 2007 Marois won the leadership. She has said that the PQ plans to have another referendum in the future. On September 4, 2012, Marois led her party to minority victory in the Quebec general election, thus becoming the first female premier in the province's history. After an electoral defeat in 2014, she resigned. Following her resignation, Jean-François Lisée was elected as leader in 2016. The current leader is Paul St-Pierre Plamondon, elected in 2020.

The Bloc Québécois is a federal political party in Canada that was founded in 1991 by future PQ leader Lucien Bouchard. The Bloc also wants sovereignty for Quebec. Although the two political parties are separate organizations, they help each other during elections.


Wheel gymnastics

Wheel gymnastics is a form of gymnastics which originated in Germany.

Wheel gymnasts do exercises in a large wheel known as the "Rhönrad", "gymnastics wheel", "gym wheel", or "German wheel".

There are three main categories of exercise in wheel gymnasts. They are: "straight line", "spiral", and "vault".

While being a child, Otto Feick, the son of a blacksmith from Reichenbach, Germany, used to roll down a hill in two wagon tires which inspired him later to invent the wheel gymnastics between 1920-1922. The current wheel gymnastics obtained its final shape in 1974 with the introduction of the PVC coating. Now, it's a competitive sport practiced in Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, Austria, Switzerland, Japan, and United States of America.


Trampolining

Trampolining is a competitive Olympic sport in which gymnasts perform airborne acrobatics while bouncing on a trampoline. These can include simple jumps in the "pike", "tuck" or "straddle position" to more complex combinations of forward or backward somersaults and twists.

There are two related competitive rebound sports: "synchronized trampoline" and "double mini-trampoline".
The currently accepted basic format for individual trampoline competitions usually consists of two or three "routines", one of which may involve a compulsory set of skills. The skills consist of various combinations of somersaults, shaped bounces, body landings and twists performed in various body positions.

In the early 1930s, an American gymnast George Nissen observed "trapeze" artistes performing tricks when bouncing off the "safety net". He made the first modern trampoline in his garage to reproduce that net on a smaller scale and used it to help with his diving and tumbling activities. It was the beginning of a new sport.

In the USA, trampolining was quickly introduced into school physical education programs and was also used in private entertainment centers. Since trampolining became an Olympic sport in 2000, many countries have started developing programs for producing very competitive athletes.


Priapulida

Priapulida (priapulid or penis worms) are a phylum of marine worms. Their name refers to their extensible spiny proboscis, which, in some species, may have a shape similar to that of a human penis. They live in the mud, which they eat, in comparatively shallow waters up to .

Their nearest relatives are probably Kinorhyncha and Loricifera with which they constitute the taxon Scalidophora. Besides arthropods and velvet worms, the priapulids are the only members of the Ecdysozoa which are relatively large in size. They feed on slow-moving invertebrates, such as polychaete worms.

Priapulid fossils are known at least as far back as the Middle Cambrian. They were probably major predators of the Cambrian period. There are only sixteen known living species of priapulid worms.

There's a striking similarity between this word and Romanian "pula*( penis) which is similar in Spanish"pola"
Now who's got it from who?
Well, it's not "preapolid" to indicate a Spanish origin, but Romanian
Compare it to another word" copulate*( to have sex) also with .pula'
Constantine Cristin Quora

Kinorhyncha

Kinorhyncha is a phylum of small (1 mm or less) marine invertebrates. They are widespread in mud or sand at all depths of the sea. They are sometimes called mud dragons. About 222 species are known. Kinorhynchs eat either diatoms or organic material found in the mud, depending on species.

Kinorhynchans are segmented, limbless animals. Their body has a head, neck, and a trunk. The trunk has eleven segments. They do not have external cilia, but have a number of spines along the body, and up to seven circles of spines around the head. These spines are used for movement. They can pull back the head and push forward; then they can grip the substrate with the spines, and draw up the body.

The body wall is a thin layer with a tough cuticle. It is moulted several times during growth. This layer is a syncytium, with nuclei, but no cell membranes.

The spines are hollow and covered by cuticle. The head is completely retractable, when is covered by a set of neck plates.

The nervous system is a ventral nerve cord, with one ganglion in each segment, and an anterior nerve ring surrounding the pharynx. This is the common arrangement for invertebrates. Some species have simple ocelli (eye-spots) on the head, and all species have tiny bristles on the body as touch receptors.

There are two sexes that look alike. A pair of gonads are in the mid-region of the trunk, and open to pores in the final segment. In most species, the sperm duct has two or three spiny structures that presumably help in copulation. The larvae are free-living.

Their closest relatives may be the phyla Loricifera and Priapulida. Together they are the Scalidophora.

Phylum Kinorhyncha


Loricifera

Loricifera is a recently discovered ecdysozoan phylum of marine animals. The phylum includes the first animals known to exist in a completely anoxic environment (no oxygen at all). The phylum was described in 1983 by Reinhardt Kristensen.

They are a phylum of very small animals which live in sediment. There are now twenty-two described species, in eight genera. In addition, there are about 100 more species which have been collected, but not yet described. Their size ranges from 100 µm to about 1 mm.

Their habitat is in the spaces between marine gravel to which they attach themselves. They are among the most recently discovered groups of Metazoans. They attach themselves quite firmly to the gravel, and this explains why they remained undiscovered for so long. The first specimen was collected in the 1970s, and later described in 1983. They are found at all depths of water, in different sediment types, and in all latitudes. They have not yet been found in the fossil record.

These animals have a protective outer case called a lorica. Protected by the lorica, the animals have a head, mouth and digestive system. Development is usually direct, though there are larvae in some species. The animals have two sexes as adults. There are some complex and flexible life cycles with different forms of parthenogenetic reproduction.

Their closest relatives are thought to be the Kinorhyncha and Priapulida, with whom they share some characteristics. Together they make up the clade Scalidophora.

Three species of Loricifera have been found in the sediments at the bottom of the L'Atalante basin in the Mediterranean Sea. The 'surface' of this basin is 3,500 meters down. They are the first multicellular organisms known to spend their entire lives in an oxygen-free environment. It is thought they are able to do this because they rely on organelles which, unlike normal mitochondria, do not use oxygen for their energy cycle. They are able to do this because they use hydrogenosomes to get their energy rather than mitochondria.

The newly reported animals complete their life cycle in the total absence of light and oxygen, and they are less than a millimetre in size. They were collected from the deep basin where they live in a nearly salt-saturated brine. This brine, because of its density, does not mix with the waters above. As a result, the brine is completely anoxic, and high in ammonia. Also, due to the action of sulphate reducers, it contains sulphide at a high concentration. In the brine, the abundance of cells is not high. Extremophiles predominate, including members of the deep-sea hydrothermal vent community of archaea and bacteria. Eukaryotes are also found in l'Atalante, including ciliates (45%), dinoflagellates (21%) and choanoflagellata (10%).

This article incorporates CC-BY-2.0 text from references 

Saturation (chemistry)

The term saturation in chemistry is used in several ways:



Sulphide

A sulphide (sulfide in US English) is an anion of sulphur in its lowest oxidation number of -2. Sulphide is also a term for thioethers, a common type of compound which are known for their bad odours (example: HS = hydrogen sulphide).

The dianion S exists only in strongly alkaline aqueous solutions. 

Sulphate

In chemistry, a sulphate (sulfate in US English) is a salt of sulphuric acid. The sulphate ion is a group of atoms with the formula SO and two negative charges. It consists of a central sulphur atom surrounded by four equivalent oxygen atoms. It occurs when sulfuric acid is deprotonated twice. If it is only deprotonated once, the hydrogen sulfate ion is made.

L'Atalante basin

The L'Atalante basin is a very salty 'lake' at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea.

It is about 190 km (~120 miles) west of the island of Crete. It is called a 'lake' because, though it is under more than two miles of water, it is almost completely separate from the sea above it. Its huge salt content prevents the waters mixing. Sometimes these lakes are called "brine pools". They are found in many oceans; there is one in the Gulf of Mexico.

L'Atalante is only one of several such lakes underneath the normal waters of the Mediterranean. When the Strait of Gibraltar was closed, about six million years ago, the Mediterranean dried up and became a huge salt lake, rather like the Dead Sea and the Great Salt Lake are today. Then it dried out completely, leaving an enormous amount of salt. When the Straight of Gibraltar opened again about five million years ago, water from the Atlantic Ocean rushed in to form the Mediterranean we see today. Even today, the Atlantic feeds the Mediterranean with water, because the evaporation from the 'Med' is greater than is provided by its rivers. With its huge supply of salt underneath, and the constant evaporation, the Med is a high salt sea compared with the Atlantic.

The L'Atalanta lake and its neighbours the Urania and Discovery lakes are about 35,000 years old. They were formed by salt deposits dissolving out of the Mediterranean Ridge and collecting in deep depressions at the bottom of the Med. L'Atalante is the smallest of the three. Its surface begins at about below sea level.

L'Atalante's salinity (salt content) is near saturation, at 36.5%, about eight times more than seawater. This prevents the water in the brine pool from mixing with the 'normal' seawater above. Without mixing, oxygen from above can't get into the brine pool. The basin's water is completely anoxic: it has no oxygen.

Between the normal water and the brine is a short (1.5 metres) boundary zone called a halocline. The salt content rises sharply there, and oxygen reduces towards zero. This halocline between the seawater above and the brine below has many bacterial and archaeal cells: they are chemoautotrophs, which feed on ammonia from the brine but cannot function without some oxygen. Certain methane oxidizers and haloarchaea are found only in the halocline.

Below, in the brine, the number of cells is much lower than in the halocline. Extremophiles are most common, including some of the deep-sea hydrothermal vent archaea and bacteria. Eukaryotes are also found in l'Atalante, mostly ciliates (45%), dinoflagellates (21%) and choanoflagellata (10%).

The dark grey anoxic sediments at the bottom of L'Atalante lake are covered with a loose black layer. Microbes found in the sediments are almost all (90%) various species of "Bacillus". In 2010, three metazoan species, all in the Loricifera phylum, were discovered living in the sediment, the first multicellular lifeforms known to live entirely without oxygen.

Tactical voting

Tactical voting happens when a person votes for someone other than their favorite candidate in a way to either help their favorite or achieve some other goal. This may happen in national or local elections, or even in elections for clubs and homeowner associations.

Say 5 people are running as candidates for board members, but only 3 will be elected. For the following situations except the last, let's say you get 1 vote.





Another common situation happens in primary elections, where members of one party may temporarily 'cross over' to the other party to support a candidate who is getting fewer votes, hoping their favorite will face weak competition in the main election. This type of negative voting is popular but often considered unethical.

Many experts question tactical voting in that it can undermine a democratic outcome. That is, ethical voters may believe it more important how a candidate wins than who wins. Others feel the end justifies the means. Most researchers tend to frown on tactical voting.



Queensberry (band)

Queensberry were a German girl group that was started at the German version of Popstars in 2008. They split in 2013.

Strait of Gibraltar

The Strait of Gibraltar is the only water passage between the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea. It is between Europe and Africa; on one side is the southern tip of Spain and Gibraltar, and on the other is northern Morocco and Ceuta. The distance between the Rock of Gibraltar and Morocco is only 7.7 nautical miles (14.24 kilometers, 8.9 miles) at its narrowest point.
The water depth ranges between 300 and 900 meters.

Hurricane Fran

Hurricane Fran was a hurricane during the 1996 Atlantic hurricane season. This storm caused over $3 billion in damage. It killed 20-30 people. Fran struck North Carolina as a strong Category 3 hurricane with winds of . The name Fran was later retired and replaced by Fay for the 2002 Atlantic season.

Hurricane Fran started from a tropical wave that moved off the western coast of Africa, entering the Atlantic Ocean, on August 22. The low pressure area became a tropical depression on August 23. Little changed for several days. By August 26, the storm had been disorganized.

On August 27, the storm grew into a tropical storm and was named Fran. On August 29, the storm intensified into a category 1 hurricane. The interaction with Hurricane Edouard led to weakening and the storm took a northwestward direction. When Edouard was gone, the storm grew into a category 1 hurricane again.
Fran grew in early September. By September 3, it the winds were at . The system started to develop an eye. By September 5, winds were at 120 mph (195 km/h) and its pressure was 946 mbar.

On September 6, the storm hit North Carolina with winds of . Once on land, the storm rapidly weakened. It moved through Virginia. It died on September 8.
A Hurricane Watch was issued in the Lesser Antilles in late August. As Fran moved away, the watch was ended. 

Type 1 diabetes

Type 1 diabetes, also called diabetes mellitus type 1, is an autoimmune disease that results in high blood sugar. This is because the body cannot create enough of the hormone insulin. People with type 1 diabetes need to take insulin injections to stay healthy. If they do not get enough insulin, they can become very sick or even die. People with type 1 diabetes are at increased risk of of diseases involing blood vessels such as stroke, heart disease or gangrene. About 15% of people with diabetes have type 1.

Type 1 diabetes is a condition caused by a lack of insulin in the body. Insulin is a hormone produced by cells in the pancreas. Insulin is responsible for moving sugars out of the blood and into cells to be used by the body for energy. If insulin is not made, the body will search for other ways to get the sugars needed to feed the body's cells, including breaking down muscle and fat, leading to a loss of weight.

Insulin is not being produced in the pancreas due to an autoimmune condition attacking its cells. The body's immune system mistakenly attacks the cells responsible for producing insulin in the pancreas, the beta cell. The beta cells are damaged in a way that prevents them from producing more insulin. As more and more of these cells are damaged, less insulin is produced in the body. This means that more sugar remains in the bloodstream rather than being moved into cells. This high blood sugar causes the symptoms seen in type 1 diabetes.

The disease is thought to be strongly linked to genetic factors, but the trigger that starts the autoimmune disease is not currently known.

In the past, type 1 diabetes was generally thought to be a disorder in children and teenagers. However, it's now been found that adults can be diagnosed with the disease.

Although type 1 diabetes can now be diagnosed at any age, it is one of the most common chronic conditions in children and young adults. Being diagnosed at ages 5–7 or at the start of puberty is particularly common. Type 1 diabetes is also slightly more common in boys.

Cases of type 1 diabetes have been increasing across the world for several decades. Approximately 1 in 300 people are diagnosed with type 1 diabetes by the age of 18 in the United States.

In type 1 diabetes, symptoms generally develop over a few days or weeks, though may take longer in adults. The main symptoms are:

Nausea, vomiting and heavy breathing are more serious symptoms that occur at a later stage in the disease.

People with type 1 diabetes may have to deal with both short-term and long-term complications, particularly if the disease is not well managed.

Hypoglycaemia is when blood sugar levels decrease to below normal. This is most commonly due to overuse of medications for diabetes type 1 like insulin, poor diet control, and rigorous exercise. The risk of suffering from low blood sugar is increased by drinking alcohol. This may lead to various other symptoms, including confusion, loss of consciousness, clumsiness, seizures or death.

Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is a very serious complication of type 1 diabetes. It is a medical emergency and requires rapid medical attention to prevent further damage to a patient, if left untreated it can potentially lead to death. DKA occurs when there is not enough insulin in the body to supply sugars to the body's cells. In order to give its cells enough energy to survive, the body begins to produce acidic ketone bodies which are then used to feed energy to the cells.

If too many ketone bodies build up the blood becomes acidic, damaging the body and leading to the symptoms:

If diabetes is not treated, even mildly raised blood sugar levels can damage nerves, organs and blood vessels in the body.



There is no known cure for diabetes. Instead, treatment is designed to help keep blood sugar levels normal in order to reduce the chances of complications developing as the disease progresses. There are two main method that are combined to manage diabetes type 1:


Type 1 diabetes occurs due to the bodies inability to produce its own insulin. To counter this, insulin can be injected into the blood manually. When diabetes is first diagnosed, a plan should be made for insulin treatment in order to not under or overdose, which can lead to serious complications. A diabetic should monitor their own blood sugar levels continuously to know whether they need a dose of insulin to lower their blood sugar.

There are different kinds of insulin that can be taken: 

Eagle Mountain (Minnesota)

Eagle Mountain is the highest point in Minnesota, at 2,301 feet (701 m). It is located in northern Cook County. It is a Minnesota State Historic Site.

Al Franken

Alan Stuart "Al" Franken (born May 21, 1951) is a former United States Senator from Minnesota. He is a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party, which affiliates with the national Democratic Party. Before he was a Senator, Franken was a writer and actor on "Saturday Night Live".

Franken was also a left-wing pundit and has written several books on politics. His second cousin was actor Steven Franken.

On December 7, 2017, Franken announced in an address before the Senate that he would be resigning from his office following sexual harassment claims.


Minneapolis–Saint Paul

Minneapolis-Saint Paul is the most populous urban area in the state of Minnesota, United States, and is made up of over 200 cities and townships. Built around the Mississippi, Minnesota and St. Croix rivers, the area is also nicknamed the Twin Cities for its two largest cities, Minneapolis and Saint Paul.



Arrowhead Region

The Arrowhead Region is in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Minnesota. It got its name from its pointed shape. The mainly rural region is 27,636 km² (10,670 sq mi) of land area and comprises Carlton, Cook, Lake and St. Louis Counties. At the 2020 census 252,943 people lived there.



Misquah Hills

The Misquah Hills are a range of large hills or small mountains in northeastern Minnesota, in the United States. They are located in or near the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness within Superior National Forest. They contain Eagle Mountain, the highest point in Minnesota at .

Sawtooth Mountains (Minnesota)

The Sawtooth Mountains are low ridges on the North Shore of Lake Superior in the U.S. state of Minnesota. They extend about 30 miles (50 km) from Carlton Peak near Tofte on the west, to Grand Marais on the east.

Leaf Hills Moraines

The Leaf Hills Moraines, sometimes called the Leaf Mountains, are a range of hills in west-central Minnesota. The lands typically rises to a height of to above the surrounding farmland throughout the duration of its range, occasionally reaching higher than .

Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party

The Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) is a major political party in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It was created on April 15, 1944, when the Minnesota Democratic Party and the Farmer–Labor Party merged. Hubert Humphrey was a major part in this merger. The party is affiliated with the national Democratic Party. Both members of the party and non-members in Minnesota often use "DFLer" instead of "Democrat".










List of United States senators from Minnesota

Minnesota was admitted to the Union on May 11, 1858.
As of July 7, 2009, Minnesota has had 40 senators serve in the US Senate.



Governor of Minnesota

The Governor of Minnesota is the chief executive of the U.S. state of Minnesota, leading the state's executive branch. Thirty-nine different people have been governor of the state. State governors are elected to office by popular vote. The current governor of Minnesota is Democratic Tim Walz.

The governor has a cabinet consisting of the leaders of various state departments. The governor appoints these department heads, who are usually called commissioners. Cabinet-level departments include:


The Minnesota Governor's Residence is located in Saint Paul, at 1006 Summit Avenue.


Okutama, Tokyo

Okutama has an area of 225.63 km². Mount Kumotori, Tokyo's highest peak at 2017 m, divides Okutama from the Okuchichibu region of the neighboring Saitama and Yamanashi Prefectures. Tokyo's northernmost and westernmost points lie in Okutama, as does Lake Okutama, an important source of water for Tokyo, located above the Ogōchi Dam in the town.


Flag of Minnesota

The Flag of Minnesota is the state seal on a blue background. The flag that people use now was made in 1957 and the state seal on the flag was changed in 1983. In the past, people used a different flag that looked like the one that Minnesota uses now, but it had different colors on the front and back of the flag. Some people don't like the flag because they think it is too complicated and they think it should be simpler.


Seal of Minnesota

The Great Seal of the State of Minnesota is the insignia that the Secretary of State affixes to government papers and documents to make them official.


Sweet corn

Sweet corn ("Zea mays" convar. "saccharata" var. "rugosa"; also called Indian corn, sugar corn, and pole corn) is a variety of maize with a high sugar content and prepared as a vegetable.

Alternative country

Alternative country (sometimes called alt-country, or Americana) is a type of country music. It has singers or bands that sound very different from mainstream or pop country music. "Alternative country" has been used to describe country music bands and artists that have influences such as roots rock, bluegrass, rockabilly, Americana, honky-tonk, alternative rock, folk rock, or punk.

In the 1990s the term "alternative country" (which is like the term alternative rock, which was becoming popular at the same time), began to be used to talk about different groups of musicians and singers who did not follow the same traditions of regular country music, and who had a different sound. Many of them did not follow the high production values (such as spending a lot of money in the recording studio) of the big country music industry at the time, which was mostly based in Nashville, Tennessee.

Lyrics in alternative country might be depressing or about social issues, and often from the heart. They do not follow the clichés sometimes used by mainstream country musicians as often. In other ways, the sounds of alternative country artists do not always have much in common. They can include traditional American folk tunes, bluegrass, and other types of sounds. It can be music that does not sound like mainstream rock or country. This has become even more confusing with "alternative country artists" saying that they do not want to be called alternative country, with more mainstream artists saying they are alternative country, and with people saying that older musicians or musicians from the past are alternative country. "No Depression", the most popular magazine about alternative country, said that it covered "alternative-country music (whatever that is)". 
Even though not everybody agrees on what makes music "alternative country", most people agree that alternative country came from traditional American country music.

In the 1980s, in southern California, some musicians tried to make some music that had parts of country and parts of punk. This was called the "cowpunk scene". It had bands like Jason and the Scorchers. These styles came together in Uncle Tupelo's popular album "No Depression", which came out in 1990. Many people think it was the first alternative country album. A magazine called "No Depression" later came out that was written about alternative country. The magazine was named after Uncle Tupelo's album. The band made three more important albums and joined a big record label. The band broke up in 1994. Musicians in the band and people around the band later started three other important alternative country bands: Wilco, Son Volt and Bottle Rockets. Bottle Rockets signed, along with acts like Freakwater, The Old 97's and Robbie Fulks, to the Chicago-based indie record label, Bloodshot. They played a type of alternative country called "insurgent country". The bands Blue Mountain, Whiskeytown, Blood Oranges and Drive-By Truckers kept going in this direction before most began to move more in the direction of rock music in the 2000s.



Upper Midwest

The Upper Midwest is a region of the United States with no agreed-upon boundaries, but it almost always lies within the U.S. Census Bureau's Midwest region, which includes the states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Illinois, and Indiana.


Animikie Group

The Animikie Group of sediments were deposited between 2.5 and 1.8 billion years ago, within the Animikie Basin. This group of formations are divided into the Gunflint Range, the Mesabi and Vermilion ranges, and the Cuyuna Range.

Hail! Minnesota

"Hail! Minnesota" (also simply called "Minnesota" in early years) is the state song of Minnesota. It began at the University of Minnesota in the early 1900s when some students decided to honor their graduating class with a new song. In 1945, the Minnesota State Legislature approved the tune as the state song.



Morchella

Morchella, the true morels, is a genus of edible mushrooms closely related to the cup fungi. These appear honeycomb-like in that the upper portion is composed of a network of ridges with pits between them.

China produces cultivated morels.

Morels are the state mushroom of Minnesota, USA. 


Cypripedium reginae

Cypripedium reginae, also known as the Showy Lady's-slipper, the Pink-and-white Lady's-slipper, or the Queen's Lady's-slipper, is a rare temperate lady's-slipper orchid native to northern North America. It grows white flowers, with pink labella.




Lake Superior agate

The Lake Superior agate is a type of agate stained by iron and found on the shores of Lake Superior. Its wide distribution and iron-rich bands of color reflect the gemstone's geologic history in Minnesota. In 1969 the Lake Superior agate was picked by the Minnesota Legislature as the official state gemstone.


Wild rice

Wild rice (also called Canada rice, Indian rice, and water oats) is four species of grasses forming the genus Zizania, and the grain which can be harvested from them. The grain was historically gathered and eaten in both North America and China. While it is now something of a delicacy in North America, the grain is no longer eaten in China, where the plant's stem is used as a vegetable.


Red pine

The Red Pine ("Pinus resinosa") is a pine native to northeastern North America. The Red Pine grows in the area from Newfoundland west to southeast Manitoba, and south to northern Illinois and Pennsylvania, with a small outlying population in the Appalachian Mountains in West Virginia. In the Upper Midwest of the United States it is sometimes known by the confusing name Norway Pine even though it is not native to Norway.
It is the state tree of Minnesota.



L'Étoile du Nord

L'Étoile du Nord is a French phrase meaning "The Star of the North". It is the motto of the U.S. state of Minnesota. It was chosen by the state's first governor, Henry Hastings Sibley, and was adopted in 1861, three years after Minnesota became a state. Because of this motto, one of Minnesota's nicknames is "The North Star State". The Minnesota North Stars chose the English translation for their name.

Grace (photograph)

Grace is a 1918 photograph by Eric Enstrom. It depicts an old man, Charles Wilden, with hands folded, saying a prayer over a table with a simple meal. It was created in Bovey, Minnesota. In 2002, the Minnesota State Legislature established it as the state photograph.

Walleye

Walleye ("Sander vitreus") is a freshwater perciform fish native to most of Canada and to the northern United States. 

It is a North American close relative of the European pikeperch. 

The walleye is sometimes also called the yellow walleye to distinguish it from the blue walleye, which is an extinct subspecies formerly found in the southern Great Lakes.


Dakota

Dakota may refer to:



Minnesota Territory

The Territory of Minnesota was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from March 3, 1849, until May 11, 1858, when the eastern portion of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Minnesota.




Constitution of Australia

The Constitution of Australia is the law that set up the Australian Commonwealth Government and says how it works. It is made up of several documents. The most important is the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Australia. The people of Australia voted in referendums from 1898–1900 to accept the Constitution. The Constitution was then passed as a part of the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900 (Imp), an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Queen Victoria signed it on 9 July 1900. The Constitution became law on 1 January 1901. Even though the Constitution was an Act of the United Kingdom parliament, the Australia Acts took away the power of the United Kingdom parliament to change the Constitution. Now only the Australian people can change it by referendum. 

Two other laws support the Australian Constitution. The first is the Statute of Westminster, as passed by the Commonwealth as the "Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942." The second is the "Australia Act 1986", which was passed by the Parliaments of every Australian state, the United Kingdom, and the Australian Federal Parliament. Together, these Acts had the effect of cutting all constitutional links between Australia and the United Kingdom. Even though the same person, King Charles III, is the monarch of both countries, these are now separate countries.

Under Australia's common law system, the High Court of Australia and the Federal Court of Australia have the power to decide what the constitution actually means.

The history of the Constitution of Australia began with moves towards federation in the 19th century. The Australian colonies joined together to form the Commonwealth of Australian in 1901.

In the mid-19th century, the Australian colonies needed to work together on things that affected them all, especially tariffs between the colonies. This cooperation led to plans to join the colonies together in a single federation. The push to do this came mainly from Britain and there was little local support. The smaller colonies thought they would be taken over by the larger ones. Victoria and New South Wales did not agree about the need to protect local industry, as opposed to allowing everyone to trade freely. The then-recent American Civil War also weakened the case for federalism. These difficulties led to the failure of several attempts to bring about federation in the 1860s and 1850s.

By the 1880s Australians were worried about the growing presence of the Germans and the French in the Pacific. Along with a growing Australian identity, this created the opportunity to start the first inter-colonial body, the Federal Council of Australasia, in 1885. This Federal Council could make laws on certain subjects, but did not have a permanent office, an executive, or its own source of income. New South Wales, the largest colony, would not take part.

Henry Parkes, the Premier of New South Wales, pushed for a series of conferences in the 1890s to talk about federalism. The first was in Melbourne in 1890, and another, the National Australasian Convention, in Sydney in 1891. These were attended by colonial leaders. By the 1891 conference, many people wanted a federal system. Most of the discussion was about how this federal system would work. With help from Sir Samuel Griffith, a draft constitution was written. These meetings did not have popular support. The draft constitution also left out important, but difficult, issues, such as tariff policy. The draft of 1891 was given to colonial parliaments but was not supported by New South Wales. Without New South Wales, the other colonies were unwilling to continue.

In 1895, the six premiers of the Australian colonies agreed to set up a new Convention by popular vote. The Convention met over the course of a year from 1897 to 1898. The meetings produced a new Constitution that was the same as the 1891 draft, but with added provisions for responsible government. To get popular support, the draft was voted on by the electors of each colony. After one failed attempt, a changed draft was given to the electors of each colony except Western Australia. Five colonies passed the Bill that was then sent to the Westminster Parliament with a letter requesting the Queen to make it into law.

The British government made one change before the Bill was passed. The Chief Justices of the colonies wanted the right to appeal decisions of the High Court to the Privy Council on constitutional matters. They were worried that the limits of the powers of the Commonwealth or States could be changed by parliament. The British Parliament passed the "Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act" in 1900. Western Australia finally agreed to join the Commonwealth in time for it to join the Commonwealth of Australia, which officially began on 1 January 1901.

In 1990, the Public Records Office in London loaned the original copy 1900 of the "Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act" to Australia. The Australian government wanted to keep the copy. The British parliament agreed by passing the "Australian Constitution (Public Record Copy) Act 1990".

Although Federation made Australia independent of Britain, legally the Commonwealth was a creation of the British Imperial Parliament, through the "Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act" 1900 (Imp), which applied to Australia. As a result, there was continued uncertainty as to whether British Imperial laws still applied to the Commonwealth. This was fixed by the "Statute of Westminster 1931", adopted by the Commonwealth via the "Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942". The Statute of Westminster freed the Dominions, including the Commonwealth, from Imperial laws and controls. Legally, this is the moment of Australia's national independence.

However, British laws were still more important in Australian states. This was fixed by the "Australia Act 1986", which was passed by the parliaments of Australia, the United Kingdom, and each of the states. This law stopped the British Parliament's power to make laws over Australian states. It also stopped appeals from the Australian courts to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. As this was a very important document, Queen Elizabeth II travelled to Australia to sign the proclamation of the law.

One result of these two laws is that Australia is now a fully independent country. The Constitution is now different from the original Act, as the Australian people can change the Constitution, by referendum. However, the original Act remains on the UK's law book with a note saying, "The Constitution is not necessarily in the form in which it is in force in Australia". Even if the United Kingdom Parliament were to remove the "Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900", it would have no effect on Australia.

The "Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900" (Imp) contains a Preamble, and nine sections. Sections 1– 8 are the laws to set up the Commonwealth. Section 9, starting with the words "The Constitution of the Commonwealth shall be as follows ...", contains the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Australia. The Constitution itself is in eight chapters, with 128 sections.

Chapter I sets up the Parliament of Australia. This has three parts:

Section 1 says that legislative power belongs to the Parliament. It is the most powerful part of government.

Part II of Chapter 1 is about the Senate. Senators are to be "directly chosen by the people of the State", voting as a single electorate. Each State is to have the same number of senators. Currently, there are 12 senators for each State, and 2 each for the mainland territories, the Northern Territory and the Australian Capital Territory.

Part III of Chapter 1 is about the House of Representatives. Section 24 says the House must have twice as many members as the Senate, each elected by a single electorate. This is called the 'Nexus'. It designed to prevent swamping of the senate's power in the case of a joint sitting (see Section 57 below). The number of electorates in a State is to be based on its share of the national population.

Part IV of Chapter 1 says who can vote, who can be elected to the parliament, how much members can be paid, parliamentary rules and related matters.

Part V of Chapter 1 is about the powers of the parliament. Section 51 deals with powers of the Commonwealth parliament and are called "specific powers". There are also "concurrent powers", and both the Commonwealth and the States can make laws on these subjects. Federal law is more important if the laws are different (Section 109). Of the thirty-nine parts of section 51, a few have become very important in deciding how much power the Commonwealth government has in law. These include the Trade and Commerce Power, the Corporations Power and the External Affairs Power. Section 52 deals with powers that belong only to the Commonwealth parliament. States cannot make laws on these subjects.

Chapter II sets up the executive branch of government. Executive power is to be exercised by the Governor-General, advised by the Federal Executive Council. The Governor-General is the commander in chief. He or she may appoint and dismiss the members of the Executive Council, ministers of state, and all officers of the executive government. These powers, along with the powers to dissolve (or refuse to dissolve) parliament (Section 5, Section 57), are termed "reserve powers". The use of these powers is by convention. Generally, the Governor-General acts only on the advice of the Prime Minister. There has been only one instance of the Governor-General not taking the Prime Minister's advice. Governor-General Sir John Kerr, acting on his own, dismissed Prime Minister Gough Whitlam in the 1975 Australian constitutional crisis.

Reserve powers in all Westminster nations are only "extremely" rarely exercised outside of the understood conventions. However, in contrast with the constitutions of other Commonwealth Realms such as Canada, which formally grant extensive reserve powers to the Monarch, even the formal powers of the Queen of Australia are extremely limited, and most powers can be used only by the Governor-General.

Section 68 says that the Command in chief of Australia's naval and military forces "is vested in the Governor General as the Queen's representative". The Commander in chief of the Australian Defence Force is now Her Excellency Quentin Bryce as the Governor General of Australia. The Queen of Australia is not in command of the military.

Chapter III sets up the judicial branch of government. Section 71 gives judicial power to a "Federal Supreme Court" called the High Court of Australia. The Parliament can also make new federal courts or give other courts federal powers. Such courts, called "Chapter III Courts", are the only courts that can use federal judicial power. Sections 73 and 75-78 outline the original and appellate jurisdiction of the High Court. Section 74 explains how an appeal can be made to the Queen in Council. Section 79 allows Parliament to limit the number of judges able to exercise federal jurisdiction and section 80 guarantees trial by jury for indictable offences against the Commonwealth.

Chapter IV deals with finance and trade in the federal system. Section 81 says that all Commonwealth revenue shall form the Consolidated Revenue Fund. Parliament can make laws as to the how its money is spent (Section 53). Unlike most other powers of the parliament, laws made under this power cannot usually be challenged. Section 90 gives the Commonwealth exclusive power over duties of custom and excise.

Section 92 provides that "trade, commerce, and intercourse among the States shall be "absolutely free"". The precise meaning of this phrase is the subject of a considerable body of law.

Section 96 gives the Commonwealth power to give money to States "on such terms and conditions as the Parliament thinks fit". This power is not limited by any other part of the Constitution, such as Section 99 that forbids giving preference to one State or over another State. It is subject only to Section 116, freedom of religion, and possibly other such freedoms. This power, which was only meant to be used ("during a period of ten years ... and thereafter until the Parliament otherwise provides"), has been used by the Commonwealth to encourage cooperation by the States to various extents over the years.

Section 101 sets up an Inter-State Commission, a body which is no longer exists, but which was meant to have a significant role in the federal structure.

Chapter V says what the States can do in a federal system. Sections 106-108 preserve the Constitution, the powers of the Parliament, and the laws in force of each of the States.

Section 109 says that, where a State law is different to a federal law, the federal law applies.

Section 111 says that a State can give up any part of its lands to the Commonwealth. This has happened several times. South Australia gave the Northern Territory to the Commonwealth.

Section 114 stops any state from having its own military force. It also stops the State or the Commonwealth taxing each other's property.

Section 116 sets out "freedom of religion", by stopping "the Commonwealth" from making any law to start a religion, to impose any religious observance, or to stop a religion, and by stopping religious discrimination for public office.

Chapter VI allows new states to be made, or to join the Commonwealth. Section 122 allows the Parliament to provide for the representation in Parliament of any new territory. Section 123 says that changing the boundaries of a State needs the support of the Parliament of that State and must pass a referendum in that State.

No new states have joined the Commonwealth since federation.

Chapter VII says that the seat of government of the Commonwealth (now Canberra) shall be in New South Wales but no less than one hundred miles from Sydney, and that the Governor-General may appoint deputies. Section 127 first said that Aborigines cannot be counted in any Commonwealth or State census. This section was changed in 1967.

Chapter VIII sets out how the Constitution can be changed. Section 128 says that changes must be approved by a referendum. A successful change needs:

The Governor-General must put the referendum bill to the people between two and six months after passing parliament. After the constitutional amendment bill has passed both the parliament and the referendum, it then receives Royal Assent from the Governor-General. This makes it the new law and the wording of the Constitution is changed.

An exception to this process is if the amendment bill is rejected by one house of Federal Parliament. If the bill passes the first house and is rejected by the second, then after three months the first house may pass it again. If the bill is still rejected by the second house, then the Governor-General may choose to still put the bill to the people's vote.

As mentioned above, changing the Constitution requires a referendum in which the "Yes" vote achieves a majority nationally, as well as majorities in a majority of states.

Forty-four proposals to change the Constitution have been voted on at referendums. Eight have been approved. The following is a list of changes that have been approved.

As well as the written Constitution and Letters Patent issued by the Crown, conventions are an important part of the Constitution. These have developed over the years and define how various constitutional mechanisms work in practice.

Conventions play a powerful role in the operation of the Australian constitution because of its set-up and operation as a Westminster system of responsible government. Some important conventions include:

However, because conventions are not written down, their existence and practice are open to debate. Real or alleged violation of convention has often led to political controversy. One extreme case was the Australian constitutional crisis of 1975, in which the operation of conventions was seriously tested. The ensuing constitutional crisis was resolved dramatically when the Governor-General Sir John Kerr dismissed the Labor Prime Minister Gough Whitlam, appointing Malcolm Fraser as caretaker Prime Minister pending the 1975 general election. A number of conventions were said to be broken during this episode. These include:

In line with the common law tradition in Australia, the law on the interpretation and application of the Constitution has developed largely through judgments by the High Court of Australia. In a number of important cases, the High Court has developed several "doctrines" which underlie the interpretation of the Australian Constitution. Some examples include:

The vast majority of constitutional cases before the High Court deal with characterisation: whether new laws are part of the power granted to the Commonwealth government by the Constitution.

The Australian Constitution does not include a Bill of Rights. Some people at the 1898 Constitutional Convention wanted a Bill of Rights like the United States Constitution, but the majority felt that the traditional rights and freedoms of British subjects were enough. These would be protected by the Parliamentary system and independent judiciary which the Constitution would create. As a result, the Australian Constitution has often been criticised for not protecting rights and freedoms.

Some rights were included:

In 1992 and 1994, the High Court of Australia found that the Constitution gave an "implied" right to freedom of political communication, in a series of cases including the "Australian Capital Television" case and the "Theophanous" case. This was seen as a necessary part of the democratic system created by the Constitution. The application of this "implied right" has, however, been restricted in later cases, such as "Lange v ABC". It is in no way equivalent to a freedom of speech, and only protects individuals against the government trying to limit their political communication: it offers no protection against other individuals.

In 2007, the High Court of Australia in "Roach v Electoral Commissioner" said that sections 7 and 24 of the Constitution, by providing that members of the House of Representatives and the Senate be "directly chosen by the people", created a limited right to vote. This means that there is a universal franchise in principle, and limited the Federal Parliament's legislative power to change it. In the case, a legislative change to stop all prisoners from voting (as opposed to only those serving sentences of three years or more, as it was before the amendment) was rejected as breaking that right.

Other attempts to find other "implied rights" in High Court cases have not been successful.

While a "pro forma" preamble prefaces the Imperial "Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900", the Australian Constitution itself does not have a preamble. There have been some calls to add one to express the spirit and aspirations embodied in the constitution. However, there has been fierce opposition, usually on the basis of the content of the preamble, as well as possible legal ramifications of this text. In 1999, a proposed preamble, written by John Howard, the then Prime Minister, was defeated in a referendum held concurrently with the Republic referendum. The "Yes" vote (in favour of the insertion of the preamble) did not achieve a majority in any of the six states.

There have been many people who have wanted Australia to become a republic. On 6 November 1999, Australians did not support a law to remove the Queen and replace the Governor-General with a President. The President was to be appointed by a two-thirds majority of the members of the Commonwealth Parliament. Opinion poll results said that the majority of Australians were in favour of some form of a republic. Many voters who voted against the 1999 referendum wanted to be able to vote for a President. In research and polling following the 1999 referendum, people said that an appointed President would not be able to act independently of the Parliament. By being able to appoint the President, rather than having the people elect a President, many felt that too much power was being given to Parliament with no check or balance on that power. Support for holding another referendum in the near future seems to be growing, and another referendum may be held. Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said the current (2012) situation "no longer reflects either the fundamental democratic principles that underpin the Australian nation or its diversity". He was thinking about a referendum for an independent, elected President. He went on to say that "over the next year there would be an "accelerated public debate" about the monarchy question".

Constitution Day is celebrated on 9 July, the date the Constitution became law in 1900. The date is not a public holiday. Constitution Day was first held on 9 July 2000 to mark the centenary of the Constitution as part of the Centenary of Federation. The celebrations were not big and have not been widely held after 2001. Constitution Day was revived in 2007 and is jointly organised by the National Archives of Australia, which holds the original Constitution documents, and the Department of Immigration and Citizenship.




Wildlife management

Wildlife management is a general term for the process of keeping wild species at desirable levels as determined by wildlife managers. Wildlife management can include game keeping, wildlife conservation and pest control. Wildlife management has become an integrated science using disciplines such as mathematics, chemistry, biology, ecology, climatology and geography to gain the best results.

Wildlife conservation aims to halt the loss of species. It does this by taking using ecological principles to balance the needs of wildlife with the needs of people. Most wildlife is concerned with the preservation and improvement of habitats. Techniques can include reforestation, pest control, irrigation, coppicing and hedge laying.

Game keeping is the management or control of wildlife for the wellbeing of game birds. It may include killing other animals which share the same niche or predators to maintain a high population of the more profitable species, such as pheasants introduced into woodland. In his 1933 book "Game Management", Aldo Leopold, one of the pioneers of wildlife management as a science, defined it as "the art of making land produce sustained annual crops of wild game for recreational use".

Pest control is the control of real or perceived pests and can be used for the benefit of wildlife, farmers, gamekeepers or human safety. In the United States, wildlife management practices are often implemented by a governmental agency to uphold a law, such as the Endangered Species Act.

There are two general types of wildlife management:

Manipulative management acts on a population, either changing its numbers by direct means or influencing numbers by the indirect means of altering food supply, habitat, density of predators, or prevalence of disease. This is appropriate when a population is to be harvested, or when it slides to an unacceptably low density or increases to an unacceptably high level. Such densities are inevitably the subjective view of the land owner, and may be disputed by animal welfare interests.
Custodial management is preventive or protective. The aim is to minimize external influences on the population and its habitat. It is appropriate in a national park where one of the stated goals is to protect ecological processes. It is also appropriate for conservation of a threatened species where the threat is of external origin rather than being intrinsic to the system. Feeding of animals by visitors is generally discouraged.

Drift velocity

Drift velocity is the average velocity with which free particles, for example electrons, are pulled towards an electric field.

Polar Bear (disambiguation)

A polar bear is an animal.

Polar Bear may also refer to:

Alex Auld

Alexander Auld (born January 7, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). Auld has also played for the New York Rangers, Vancouver Canucks, Florida Panthers, Phoenix Coyotes, Boston Bruins, Ottawa Senators and Dallas Stars of the NHL. He has appeared internationally for Team Canada on three occasions – the 2001 World Junior Championships, the 2004 Spengler Cup, and the 2006 World Championships.


Played for Team Canada in:



Grove (nature)

A grove is a small group of trees with little or no undergrowth. For example: a sequoia grove, or a small orchard planted for the cultivation of fruits or nuts. Other words for groups of trees include "woodland", "copse", "woodlot", "thicket" or "spinney".


Igor Sikorsky

Igor Ivanovich Sikorsky (, "Ígor' Ivánovič Sikórskij"; May 25, 1889 – October 26, 1972) was Russian and American aviation pioneer in both helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft. He built and improved upon the first helicopter that could be used.

Igor Sikorsky was born on May, 25, 1889, in Kyiv.

Sikorsky graduated from the Marine Cadet Corps (1903–1906) in Saint Petersburg and the Kyiv Polytechnic Institute (1907–1911). He studied at the Paris Technical School (1906).

On February 18, 1918, he emigrated to the French Republic (Paris), and in March, 1919 he moved to the United States. Until 1923, he had no his own income, sometimes he gave pilot lessons and lectured in secondary schools. But it was changed in 1923, when he founded an aviation company, later Sikorsky became the owner of the design and construction company "Sikorsky Aircraft". By 1939 he had built about 15 types of aircraft.

In 1925-1940, he developed a series of successful aircraft that brought many records to the United States.

Built in 1934 by Pan American World Airways, the Sikorsky S-42 set ten world records, and 10 S-42s became the world's first intercontinental passenger liners to operate regular flights across the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.

His helicopter was first shown to be useful when he added a winch on it. Soon after this, it saved the lives of two sailors during a hurricane.

He also started Sikorsky Aircraft, a huge helicopter manufacturing company which produces famous helicopters such as the Sea King and Skycrane.

He died on October 26, 1972 in Easton. Since his death, his office at Sikorsky Aircraft has been left.

Igor Sikorsy has received more than 80 different high honors and a rare Wright Brothers Memorial Award.

He was named a Honorary Doctor of many universities around the world.

In 1979, the IAC immortalized the name of Igor Sikorsky in the name of a crater on the moon.

Since 1980, the American Helicopter Association has awarded the Sikorsky Prize.

In 1987, a square in the Primorsky District of St. Petersburg was named after Igor Sikorsky.

In August 2008, an exhibition dedicated to Igor Sikorsky was organized in the Lviv gallery.

On July 8, 2010 by the decision of the Kyiv City Council the name of Igor Sikorsky was assigned to the Aerospace Lyceum of the National Aviation University.

On October 27, 2011, Tankova Street in Kyiv was renamed by Kyiv City Council to Aviakonstruktora Igor Sikorsky Street.

In 2011, the main belt asteroid "10090 Sikorsky" was named in honour of Igor Sikorsky.

In 2015, one of the streets in Vinnytsia was named after Igor Sikorsky.

In 2016, Kyiv International Airport (formerly Zhulyany Airport) was named after Sikorsky.

In 2016, the National Technical University of Ukraine Kyiv Polytechnic Institute was named after Igor Sikorsky.

In 2016, the Museum of the Ukrainian Diaspora opened the first historical and memorial exhibition project "Our Sikorsky", which now operates on a permanent basis.

A monument to Igor Sikorsky was opened near the Sikorsky Airport in Kyiv on August 31, 2019, on Ukrainian Aviation Day.

Food poisoning

Food poisoning is when someone gets sick from eating food or drink that has gone bad or is contaminated.
There are two kinds of food poisoning: poisoning by toxic agent or by infectious agent. Food infection is when the food contains bacteria or other microbes which infect the body after it is eaten. Food intoxication is when the food contains toxins, including bacterially produced exotoxins, which can happen even when the microbe that produced the toxin is no longer present or able to cause infection. Even though it is commonly called "food poisoning", most cases are caused by a variety of pathogenic bacteria, viruses, prions or parasites that contaminate food, rather than chemical or natural toxins which are what we usually call poison. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about 76 million people in the United States become ill from the food they eat, and about 5,000 of them die every year.

Symptoms start within hours to many days after eating. Depending on what the cause of the poisoning was, they can include one or more of the following: nausea, abdominal pain, vomiting, diarrhea, gastroenteritis, fever, pain in the head or fatigue.

In most cases the body is able to permanently get better after a short period of acute discomfort and illness. Food borne illnesses can result in permanent health problems or even death, especially for people at high risk, including babies, young children, pregnant women (and their fetuses), elderly people, sick people and others with weak immune systems.

Food borne illness due to "Campylobacter", "Yersinia", "Salmonella" or "Shigella" infection is a major cause of reactive arthritis, which typically occurs 1–3 weeks after diarrheal illness. Similarly, people with liver disease are especially susceptible to infections from "Vibrio vulnificus", which can be found in oysters or crabs.

Tetrodotoxin poisoning from reef fish and other animals shows up very quickly in symptoms such as numbness and shortness of breath, and is often fatal.


Rungrado 1st of May Stadium

The Rungrado 1st of May Stadium, or May Day Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Pyongyang, North Korea, completed on May 1, 1989.

The stadium was built as a main stadium for the 13th World Festival of Youth and Students in 1989.
It is currently used for football matches, a few athletics matches, but most often for Arirang performances (also known as the Mass Games). The stadium can seat 150,000, which is the largest stadium in the world that is not used for auto racing.

Its name comes from the place where it is, Rungra Islet in the Taedong River, and May Day, the international day celebrating labour.

The stadium is most famous for being the place where large shows celebrating Kim Il-sung and the North Korean nation were held. In June-July 2002, the "Arirang" gymnastic and artistic performances were held there. There were 100,000+ people taking part —double the number of people watching— and was open to foreigners, which is rare. These performances now happen every year, usually in August and September. The "Guinness Book of Records" has recognized these events as the largest in the world.

In 2000, Kim Jong-Il used the stadium to entertain Madeleine Albright, the U.S. Secretary of State under President Bill Clinton.

Badwater Basin

Badwater Basin is a basin in Death Valley National Park, Death Valley, California. The water which goes into it does not flow into any ocean.

Badwater Basin is the lowest point in North America, at below sea level. Mount Whitney, the highest point in the 48 states, is only 76 miles west of the Basin. It is one of the lowest places in Death Valley.

Badwater Basin has a small natural pool of undrinkable water next to the road. The water comes from a spring. It is called 'Badwater' because people cannot drink the water. This is because so much salt has built up from the basin. The pool does have animals and plants living there, including pickleweed, insects, and the Badwater snail.

The pool is not actually the lowest point of the basin. The lowest point is several miles to the west; the exact point which is lowest changes over time. However, the salt flats are dangerous to travel across (in many cases being only a thin white crust over mud). Therefore, the sign states that the lowest point is at the pool, where people can see it. This is not the lowest point in the Western Hemisphere. Laguna del Carbón in Argentina is lower, at -105 meters (-344 feet).

At Badwater Basin, big rainstorms sometimes flood the bottom of the valley. They cover the salt pan with a thin sheet of standing water. This makes new lakes, but the lakes do not last long. This is because the average of rain that falls every year is much lower than the a 150-inch annual evaporation rate, so all the water evaporates away. This means that even a 12-foot-deep, 30-mile-long lake would dry up in a single year. While the basin is flooded, some of the salt dissolves and goes back into the basin as clean crystals when the water evaporates.

Painted on the cliff above Badwater is a sign that says "Sea Level" which people visiting like to look at.

During the Holocene, when the regional climate was less dry, streams that ran from mountains in the area slowly filled Death Valley until it was 3 feet (1m) deep. Eventually, there was a long lake, Lake Manly.

The wet times with much rain did not last. The temperature got warmer, and there was less rain. The lake began to dry up, and as the water evaporated, the lake became saltier. Eventually, only a soup of brine was left. Salts (95% table salt: NaCl) began to turn into crystals, covering the surface with a thick crust from three inches to five feet thick (1-1.7m).



Brian Campbell

Brian Wesley Campbell (born May 23, 1979 in Strathroy, Ontario) is a former Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Chicago Blackhawks, San Jose Sharks, and Buffalo Sabres.

He also played in the NHL with the Buffalo Sabres for 8 seasons, the San Jose Sharks for 1 season and the Chicago Blackhawks for 3 seasons. He was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres with the 156th overall pick in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft. He also played 4 seasons in the OHL for the Ottawa 67's and 1 season in SM-liiga for Jokerit.

He won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks in 2010.

Bush Doctrine

The Bush Doctrine is a term which many people use to describe several foreign policy and national defense decisions that President George W. Bush made.

The Bush Doctrine is usually used to describe how Bush invaded Iraq in what is known as pre-emptive war (which means to attack the enemy before they can attack you).

George W. Bush did not make up this term and he never said what he thought about the term.

There are other United States presidential doctrines also.

Truman Doctrine

A speech was made by U.S. President Harry S. Truman to the U.S. Congress on March 12, 1947. In this speech he said he thought that the United States should help Greece and Turkey to stop them being 'totalitarianists' although he meant Soviet Communism. This became known as the Truman Doctrine. Some historians believe that this was the start of the Cold War. 

