This speech was made after the United Kingdom said that they would stop helping Greece and Turkey in February 1947 since the U.K. was also poor after the cost of World War II. This meant that Greece and Turkey would still be poor and Truman believed that a poor Eastern Europe would convert to a Communist government more easily unless helped by the United States. Truman wrongly thought that the Soviets were helping the Greek Communist partisans when there was no clear proof.

This plan was a big change to American politics. Political historian Walter LaFeber wrote that 'the doctrine became an ideological shield' which means that he believed that the United States used the doctrine as an excuse or reason. The Marshall Plan came after because of this. 


God Defend New Zealand

"God Defend New Zealand" (), called "Aotearoa" (; simply "New Zealand") in Māori, is the title of the most popular national anthem of New Zealand. It was originally a poem written by Thomas Bracken in the 1870s until it was set to music by John Joseph Woods as part a competition for ten guineas in 1876. Two years later, Thomas Henry Smith wrote the lyrics in Māori—one of the country's official languages. The anthem was adopted in 1977.

"God Save the Queen", the national anthem used for the United Kingdom and used as a royal anthem for a number of countries and territories, is also a national anthem of New Zealand.

According to copyright law of New Zealand, the English lyrics are no longer copyrighted since the beginning of 1949 or the end of the 50-year mark of Bracken's death, and since the 1980s, the rights to the musical score are in the public domain.

The meaning of the Māori lyrics are slightly different from the English lyrics.

Troy Hudson

Troy Hudson (born March 13, 1976, in Carbondale, Illinois) is a former American professional basketball player at the point guard position.


Target Center

The Target Center is an arena in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is sponsored by Target Corporation. The arena has 702 club seats and 68 suites.

The center is home to the National Basketball Association's Minnesota Timberwolves. From 1994–1996, it was home to the Minnesota Arctic Blast of RHI. In 1996, it was home to the Arena Football League team Minnesota Fighting Pike. The Women's National Basketball Association's Minnesota Lynx also play in the arena.

John Joseph Woods

John Joseph Woods was a New Zealand teacher and songwriter. He is best known for winning a competition to set "God Defend New Zealand", a poem by Thomas Bracken, to music. By doing this, he composed the tune to what later became New Zealand's national anthem. Woods was also the Tuapeka County Council clerk for 55 years.

Woods was born in Tasmania in 1849 into an Irish family with fourteen other children, seven boys and seven girls. His father was a soldier. After teaching in Tasmania for nine years, he came to New Zealand as a young man and worked for a time in Nelson, Christchurch, Dunedin and Invercargill. Eight years teaching in New Zealand led to a position as the head teacher of St Patrick's School in Lawrence, Otago, and he moved there from Invercargill in 1874. Woods was known as a good musician. He was choirmaster of the local Catholic church, and could play twelve different instruments, though he was best known for his skill on the violin. Singing a solo at his own wedding, Woods showed that he was also a good singer.

While in Lawrence, Woods taught with an Irish widow called Harriet Conway (née Plunket) who already had two sons. They were married in September 1874 and had four children together, three sons and a daughter named Mary.

In 1902, Woods built a house of brick and wood on the corner of Lismore and Lancaster Streets. He lived there until he died in 1934. It is now under the care of the Historic Places Trust, which mounted a plaque on the street-facing back wall to remember his composition of the national anthem.

One night in the winter of June 1876, Woods read about the competition in the "Saturday Advertiser". According to tradition, he usually met the coach that delivered the news in the main street of Lawrence to pick up his paper. It was already 9 pm, but he went straight to his piano and in that one sitting composed the tune for what later became the national anthem. In a later letter to A.H. Reed, he explained that the words inspired him so much he had to write music for them. He entered his composition under the pen name of "Orpheus". The "Advertiser" sent it off with the eleven other submissions to Melbourne, where it was judged. In October 1876, it was announced that the three judges all agreed that Woods' composition was the clear winner. The prize was ten guineas.

The rules of the competition meant that the copyright of the music would belong to the "Saturday Advertiser", which gave the manuscript to the Dunedin-based Charles Begg & Co to publish, but a nine-month delay in sending it to a publisher was followed by two months of waiting for it to be printed. The end result was a very poor edition with only one verse, which was thrown out by the "Advertiser". When promises of reprint failed to come true, the "Advertiser" was forced to hand the copyright back over to Woods. He immediately arranged for it to be printed by Hopwood and Crew in London, with Bracken's blessing. Bracken did not mean for his poem to become the national anthem, and it was Woods who had always used the word "anthem" where Bracken called it a "hymn".

Being a choirmaster, Woods' focus in composing the melody was to make it simple and easy for children to sing. This proved to help its success when the Premier George Grey visited Lawrence on 11 March 1878 and was welcomed by six hundred local schoolchildren singing what was by then beginning to be labelled as the "national anthem". Grey was very taken by the music and immediately sent a telegram to Bracken congratulating him.

In 1877, Woods stopped teaching and became the county clerk for the Tuapeka County Council. He was known for working 13-hour days and keeping accounts of such a high standard that he was accepted as a fellow of the Registered Accountants of New Zealand. Serving in this role, he also became known as an authority on county law, sought out by the council and clerks of other regions. He also organised the decoration of council office buildings to mark Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee in 1897.

He served in that role for 55 years until ill health forced him to retire in 1932, aged 83.

Woods was deeply involved in the affairs of the town. He was a member of many local clubs and societies. He was also known as an expert on cultivating daffodils, of which his collection was the largest in the area. In 1884, Woods was elected first president of the local choral society.

When Woods was made an Honorary Freeman of New Zealand, he was commended for his "efficiency, integrity and devotion to duty".

FC Twente

FC Twente is a football club from Enschede in the Netherlands. They play in the Eredivisie and also in the UEFA Champions League.

Twente plays its games in the Grolsch Veste (a capacity of 30 000).

FC Twente currently holds the national cup and the Johan Cruijff Schaal. In season 2010/11 they ended second in the league.

FC Twente was founded on 1 July 1965 as a combination of Sportclub Enschede and Enschedes Boys. The two professional football teams in Enschede at that time (Sportclub Enschede and Enschedese Boys) had both money problems and were forced to merge. FC Twente started in the Eredivisie (highest Dutch league) and within a few years they were part of the top of Dutch football. Between 1970 and 1980 they came close to several prizes, but they always lost the final. In 1974 the ended second in the Eredivisie and in 1975 the lost the Dutch cup final as well as the UEFA Cup final (after beating Juventus in the semi-final). Only in 1978 they won the Dutch Cup (by beating PEC Zwolle in the final with 3-0). In the next decade (1980-1990) the club went down hill, with the relegation to the Eerste Divisie (second tier of Dutch football) in 1983 as all-time low. Twente was back in the Eredivisie within a year however. In the nineties Twente played a modest role in Dutch football, usually ending around the 5th place in the Eredivisie. 
In the first decade of the 21st century the golden era started. In 2001 FC Twente won the Dutch cup by beating PSV Eindhoven in the final with a penalty shootout. This victory caused huge celebrations in the eastern part of the Netherlands. This showed the popularity of the club in the region, eventhough FC Twente almost never wins a prize. In 2003 the club almost went bankrupt and Joop Munsterman took over as chairman. He understood the potential of this club and developed a plan to increase the sportive, economic and social capacity of Twente. In 2008 the stadium size was increased from 13,500 to 24,000 seats. In 2011 the stadium was further increased to 30,000 seats. FC Twente again played on the top of the Dutch league, resulting in their first national title in 2010. Also the Intertoto Cup was won in 2006, the Johan Cruijff Schaal was won in 2010 and 2011 and the Dutch cup in 2011. In these years FC Twente also started a social programm to help unemployed people to find a job, encourage handicaped people to do sports and to give away free seats in the stadium to people that cannot afford a ticket.


"For recent transfers, see List of Dutch football transfers winter 2011–12 and List of Dutch football transfers summer 2012."

James and the Giant Peach (movie)

James and the Giant Peach is a 1996 Disney animated movie and released to movie theaters by Buena Vista Pictures.

Based on Roald Dahl's novel of the same name, the movie is about a boy named James.

Eddie Griffin (basketball)

Eddie Jamaal Griffin (May 30, 1982 – August 17, 2007) was an American professional basketball player. He last played for the NBA's Minnesota Timberwolves. Months later, he was killed in a car crash. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.


Target Field

Target Field is the home baseball park of the Minnesota Twins. It is in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is the team's sixth ballpark and third in Minnesota. The Twins moved to Target Field in 2010 after 28 seasons at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome. It is the first stadium built just for the Twins. Twins staff moved in on January 4, 2010.


Xcel Energy Center

Xcel Energy Center (also called The X) is an arena in Saint Paul, Minnesota, sponsored by Xcel Energy. It is used for many purposes. 

It is the home of the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League (NHL) and Minnesota of the Professional Women's Hockey League (PWHL). It was also home to the Minnesota Swarm of the National Lacrosse League (NLL) from 2005 until 2015 and the temporary home to the Minnesota Lynx of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) during their 2017 season.

It is owned by the city of Saint Paul and operated by Minnesota Sports & Entertainment.

It is on the same block as the RiverCentre convention facility, Roy Wilkins Auditorium, and Ordway Center for the Performing Arts.


Honeycrisp

Honeycrisp is an apple cultivar that was made at the Minnesota Agricultural Experiment Station's Horticultural Research Center at the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities. Named in 1974 as the MN 1711, and released in 1991, the Honeycrisp has rapidly become a prized commercial commodity, as its sweetness, firmness, and tartness make it a good apple for eating raw. The Honeycrisp also keeps its pigment well and has a long shelf life when kept in cool, dry areas.


Tom Pyatt

Thomas Cullum Pyatt (born February 14, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre that played for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Montreal Canadiens and Tampa Bay Lightning. He has also played for the Montreal Canadiens from 2009 to 2011. He is the son of former NHL player Nelson Pyatt and brother of New York Rangers forward Taylor Pyatt.

Paper mill

A paper mill is a factory that produces paper, usually using vegetable fibers or wood pulp. Wood and other raw materials are cut into small chips and cooked with chemicals in large vessels. The chemicals separate a substance called "cellulose" from the wood fibres. The cellulose is then added with other chemicals and additives, and pressed into paper in large machines called "paper machines". Most paper is made from pine, spruce and eucalyptus. Other things often used include rags. 

Louise Glück

Louise Elisabeth Glück (April 22, 1943 – October 13, 2023) was an American poet. She was born and raised in New York City. She has won many awards, including the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1993 for her book "The Wild Iris" and National Book Award of Poetry in 2014 for her book "Faithful and Virtuous Night". She was the Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 2003. 

In 2020, she was honored with the Nobel Prize in Literature.

Glück died from cancer at her home in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on October 13, 2023, at the age of 80.





Sailing

Sailing is the craft of controlling a boat that uses the force of the wind as a source of movement. Sailing boats were very important to move cargo and people. Starting at the end of the 19th century they were gradually replaced by the boats that used steam to generate motion. Today, sailing is a hobby some people have. In some regions of the world, sailing vessels still keep their importance. 

Many military forces also have sailing vessels for the purpose of training. 

Sailing is also a competitive sport. It is one of the sports in the Olympic Games.

Ben Gibbard

Ben Gibbard (born August 11, 1976) is an American musician. He is the lead singer of the indie bands Death Cab for Cutie and The Postal Service. He is also a solo artist. He was married to actress and musician Zooey Deschanel from 2009 to 2012.


Danny Lennon

Danny Lennon (born 6 April 1970) is a former footballer from Northern Ireland. He is currently the manager of Scottish Premier League side St Mirren. 

Chip Ganassi Racing

Chip Ganassi Racing Teams is an American racing team. The team competes in the IndyCar Series, and sportscar racing. In 2021, Chip Ganassi sold his NASCAR team to Justin Marks and it became Trackhouse Racing. Their IndyCar drivers are Ryan Briscoe, Scott Dixon, Tony Kanaan, and Charlie Kimball. Dixon is the current IndyCar champion, which he won for the third time in 2013. Their sportscar team's drivers are Scott Pruett, Marino Franchitti, and Memo Rojas.

Until 2016 two of Ganassi's IndyCar cars were sponsored by Target. Target was also a sponsor for Ganassi's Nascar cars until 2017. The drivers of the Target sponsored cars were often in Target advertising and posters of them could be seen in many Target stores.

On June 30th 2021 it was announced that Trackhouse Racing had purchased Chip Ganassi Racing's Nascar team. Chip Ganassi Racing completed the 2021 Nascar season. Trackhouse Racing became the owner at the end of the season. Chip Ganassi Racing will continue to operate their teams racing in other divisions such as Indycar.

Ishmaelites

Ishmaelites are the descendants of Ishmael, the oldest son of Abraham. Today, the descendants of Ishmael are mainly living in western Saudi Arabia and are called Arabs. Ishmael was born of Hagar, the servant of Sarah, Abraham's wife. Isaac, Sarah's son, is the father of the Israelites.

SOAP

SOAP is a protocol used in computing. Web services use this protocol to communicate. SOAP uses XML to encode a message. It uses other application-layer protocols, for transport, and content negotiation, for example HTTP and Remote procedure call. The most common combination is to use SOAP with HTTP and TCP. There are different versions, 1.0, 1.1, and 1.2. Before version 1.2 SOAP stood for Simple Object Access Protocol. Since version 1.2 the protocol is simply called "SOAP". This is because the protocol is not "simple", and that it can be used for other purposes than accessing objects. 

SOAP is a lightweight protocol intended for exchanging structured information in a decentralized, distributed environment. SOAP uses XML technologies to define an extensible messaging framework, which provides a message construct that can be exchanged over a variety of underlying protocols. The framework has been designed to be independent of any particular programming model and other implementation specific semantics.

The core section of the SOAP specification is the messaging framework. The SOAP messaging framework defines a suite of XML elements for "packaging" arbitrary XML messages for transport between systems. 

The framework consists of the following core XML elements: Envelope, Header, Body, and Fault, all of which are from the http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/ namespace in SOAP 1.1. I've provided the full XML Schema definition for SOAP 1.1 in the following code for your reference as you read through the remainder of this section. Personally, I find it helpful to inspect the schema whenever familiarizing myself with XML constructs.SOAP UI is a tool use to test whether SOAP is sending and receiving the messages properly as part of Unit testing in IT projects.

Jamaica, Land We Love

"Jamaica, Land We Love" is the national anthem of Jamaica. The words were written by Hugh Sherlock and the music was composed by Robert Lightbourne and arranged by Mapletoft Poulle.

! English original
! Jamaican Patois translation
Guide us with Thy mighty hand,
Keep us free from evil powers,
Be our light through countless hours.
To our leaders, Great Defender,
Grant true wisdom from above.
Justice, truth be ours forever,
Jamaica, land we love.
Jamaica, Jamaica, Jamaica, land we love.

Teach us true respect for all,
Stir response to duty's call,
Strengthen us the weak to cherish,
Give us vision lest we perish.
Knowledge send us, Heavenly Father,
Grant true wisdom from above.
Justice, truth be ours forever,
Jamaica, land we love.
Jamaica, Jamaica, Jamaica, land we love.</poem>


Bethel, Maine

Bethel is a town in northern Maine. It is part of the Oxford County. In 2020, there were 2,504 people living in the town.

List of Madonna tours


Usain Bolt

Usain St. Leo Bolt was born in 1986 and is a Jamaican runner and eight-time Olympic gold-medal winner. He is also known as "Lightning Bolt". Some people call him the fastest man in the world. He has run 100 metres in 9.58 seconds and 200 metres in 19.30 seconds. He took part in the 2012 London Olympics, and won gold in the 100
m, 200 m and 4 × 100 m relay.

Usain Bolt won the IAAF Grand Prize in a 100 meter dash on May 31st, 2008 at Icahn Stadium in New York City. He finished the race in 9.72 seconds and broke the world record. On August 16th, 2008, he broke his world record again at the Olympic Games in Beijing. On August 20th, 2008 he broke the world record for the men's 200 meter race. 

On August 16th, 2009, he went to the 12th World Championships in Athletics and broke his own world record in the 100 meter race. He ran that race in 9.58 seconds. Surprisingly, in this race, he didn't try his hardest. He looked around for the last five meters. 

On August 28th, 2011, he ran in the 13th World Championships in Athletics in Daegu, South Korea. He made a false start in the 100 meter race and was disqualified. 

On August 5th, 2012, he won the men's 100 meter final in the London Olympics. His finishing time was 9.63 seconds. He also won the 4 x 100 meter relay race. 

He also won a gold medal in the 100 meter race in the 2016 Rio Olympics. 

In 2017, his gold medal for the 2008 relay was disqualified because his teammate Nesta Carter had used drugs. He had to give up his gold medal.

He is known to be a fan of the English Premier League soccer club, Manchester United F.C. He watched their games in person. He also met the coach and players.

Ghebaleh

Ghebaleh, ( "Ghbeleh") is a Village in Keserwan, Lebanon.

At 40 KM from the capital of Lebanon, Ghebaleh is thought to be the capital of Ftouh Kesrwan, with an altitude of 700-1100 meters above sea level.

A Christian conservative village in the Lebanese mountain, wild nature and historical heritage.
the 400 year old Church St. Sarkis & Bakhos is one of the major religious monuments in the region, in addition to St. Georges Church at Hakl al Rayes, St. Chalita, St. Antoine, St. Nohra, Ste Al Shekiff and the Immaculate conception Church.

22nd of july comemorates the "Eid Mar Nohra" the Patron Saint of the El Hosri Family a very renown family in Ghbeleh since they were the first Maronites to settle in Ghebaleh in the 16th century and who played a crucial and historical role in the rise of this heavenly village on the religious and social forefront throughout the years and across borders. to name a few; Yousef Semaan El Hosri designated by the Wali as ruler of the Area, Dr. Chucri Nassif El Hosri one of the first 4 medical doctors in Lebanon graduated in 1900, Dr. Antoine Chucri El Hosri 1st Gastroentirologist in lebanon and president of the Order Of Doctors, Mr. Fernand Antoine Hosri a visinory Business Man who has dedicated years in the service of Mar Nohra and the renovation of this historic church. Eid Mar Nohra spreads over a full week of festivities with the hype on the eve of the 22nd of July (21st Of july). 

On September 13th each year, Ghebaleh hosts the "Eid Al Saleeb", (feast of the Cross) festival, that includes a carnival, musical and religious events, attendees come from all over Lebanon, and locals living abroad.

During summer, Ghebaleh is a destination for people looking for cool weather (comparing with Lebanese coast), beautiful nature and very close to city facilities, where they can enjoy tasty Lebanese food in exceptional restaurants.

Cinchona pubescens

Cinchona pubescens, the Quinine Tree, is known for because its bark has a lot of quinine. It has similar uses to "Cinchona officinalis" in making quinine, used for treatment of malaria. It is native to Costa Rica, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia. In Ecuador, "C. pubescens" is found at altitudes from 300 to 3900 m above sea level. It grows to about 10 metres in height. It has the widest distribution of all Cinchona species 

Planted on other tropical islands it has become an invasive species. It grows quickly, and spreads by both seeds and root suckers. Other plants are unable to grow in the shade that it creates. In the Galapagos Islands the tree was planted by farmers as a crop for the quinine. It has become a dominant species on Santa Cruz Island, taking over from the shrub Miconia and Fern-Sedges. It is also invasive in Hawaii on Maui and the Big Island.

Attempts have been made to control the plant in the Galapagos National Park using a variety of methods. It is not affected by many poisons, it will regrow from a stump or any piece of root left in the ground. Controlling it over all of Santa Cruz island would cost several million US dollars according to research by the Charles Darwin Foundation.

International Friendship Day

International Friendship Day celebrations take place on the 4 January every year. On this day, people spend time with their friends and express love for them. The exchange of Friendship Day gifts like flowers, cards, and wrist bands is a popular tradition of this occasion.

In 1935, the United States Congress proclaimed the 1st Sunday of August as National Friendship Day. Since then, celebration of National Friendship Day became an annual event.

Many other countries around the world adopted the tradition of dedicating a day to friends. In 1997, the United Nations named Winnie the Pooh as the world's Ambassador of Friendship. Today, Friendship Day is enthusiastically celebrated by many nations.

Many friends wish each other with exchange of gifts and cards on this day. "Friendship bands" are very popular in India, Nepal and parts of South America. Members of social networking sites celebrate Friendship Day on-line.

You do not have to buy a gift or spend money to enjoy Friendship Day. This avoids accusations the fun is only a "marketing gimmick".

To mark the International Day of Friendship the UN encourages governments, international organizations, and civil society groups to hold events, activities, and initiatives that contribute to the efforts of the international community toward promoting a dialogue among civilizations, solidarity, mutual understanding, and reconciliation.


Joseph Merrick

Joseph Carey Merrick (5 August 1862 – 11 April 1890) was an Englishman. His face and body were deformed because of an illness. To earn food, he was shown at freak shows. He was called the Elephant Man. He then became famous after he went to live at the London Hospital. Some people who wrote about him wrongly thought he was called John Merrick. 

Merrick was born in Leicester, England in 5 August 1862. He started to become deformed when he was 3. He was also disabled after he hurt his hip. When he was 10, his mother died and his father and stepmother did not want him at home so he left home. When he was 17, he went to live in a workhouse. 

In 1884 Merrick wrote to a showman called Sam Torr. Merrick asked Torr to show him as a "freak" exhibition. Torr showed Merrick around the East Midlands, and then Merrick went to London. He stayed in a shop on Whitechapel Road. People would pay to look at him. A surgeon doctor, Frederick Treves, came to see Merrick and took photographs of him. Soon afterwards, Torr's freak shop was closed by the police and Merrick went to Belgium.

In Belgium, Merrick was robbed by his manager and left Brussels alone. He found his way back to London. Frederick Treves took him to the London Hospital where Treves worked. Merrick was allowed to live there for the rest of his life. Rich and famous people of Victorian London came to visit him there.

Merrick died on 11 April 1890, aged 27. He died of either asphyxia (not being able to breathe properly) or a broken neck. He had tried to lie down to go to sleep, but his head was too heavy for him to do that. Today, nobody knows for sure what was wrong with Merrick. Scientists think that he either had an illness called neurofibromatosis type I, one called Proteus syndrome, or both of these illnesses. In 1980, movie director David Lynch made a movie about Merrick. It is called "The Elephant Man".


John Logie Baird

John Logie Baird (13 August 1888 – 14 June 1946) was a Scottish engineer and inventor of the world's first working television system, and the world's first fully electronic colour television tube.

Baird was born in Helensburgh, Dunbartonshire, Scotland. He went to school at Larchfield Academy in Helensburgh and then went to the Glasgow and West of Scotland Technical College (which later became the University of Strathclyde); and the University of Glasgow. He stopped being a student at the beginning of World War I.

Although lots of inventors helped to make television, Baird was an important person and made big advances. Especially in Britain, lots of people say that Baird was the first person to make a live, moving, greyscale television picture from reflected light. Baird did this by making a better photoelectric cell and making the signal conditioning better. 

In 1925, Baird showed people his moving pictures on television at Selfridges department store in London. In 1928, he showed the world's first colour television transmission. 

In 1927, Baird made a signal go over between London and Glasgow; Baird sent the world's first long-distance television pictures to the Central Hotel at Glasgow Central Station.

Baird then started the Baird Television Development Company Ltd, and in 1928 it made the first transatlantic television transmission, from London to Hartsdale, New York, and the first television programme for the BBC.

Baird's television systems were replaced by the electronic television system developed by EMI-Marconi.

Baird did lots of work for the field of electronic television after mechanical systems stopped being used. In 1939, he showed colour television using a cathode ray tube. 

Some of Baird's early inventions did not work. In his twenties he tried to make diamonds by heating graphite and ruined Glasgow's electricity supply. Later Baird made a glass razor which did not get rusty

From December 1944 until he died two years later, Baird lived at a house in Station Road, Bexhill-on-Sea, immediately north of the station. Baird died in Bexhill-on-Sea, Sussex, England on 14 June 1946 after a stroke in February 1946. The old house was knocked down in 2007.

John Logie Baird was buried with his mother, father and wife in Helensburgh Cemetery, Dunbartonshire.

The Co-operative Food

The Co-operative Food, sometimes simply known as the Co-op, is a brand used by the supermarket divisions of several consumer co-operatives in the United Kingdom, with The Co-operative Group being the largest most well known user. Co-operatives are businesses which are ultimately owned by their customer-members and staff-members with each member having an equal say in the business is run. Members elect the board and may vote on the strategic decisions of the business but are not usually involved in its day-to-day operations. Members also receive a percent of the company's earnings each year as a 'Dividend'.

The Co-operative Group purchased Somerfield in early 2009 and encorporated it into The Co-operative Food branding. 

The Co-operative Group

The Co-operative Group is a United Kingdom consumers' cooperative, and, after the acquisition of Somerfield supermarkets, is the world's largest consumer-owned business, with over 4.5 million members and 123,000 employees across all its businesses. Regional and local retail co-operative societies are corporate members of the Group.

Each member (each person registered to the 'Co-operative Membership' scheme) and every person employed has an equal say in how the business is run. Everyone has a right to help shape the company. The Co-operative Group runs several businesses, including the famous Co-op supermarket chain.

Every year, members receive a share of the profits that they helped to create, based on the amount made in profits that year and how much they had spent with any of its businesses.

Somerfield

Somerfield was a small UK supermarket chain. It was founded in 1875 with a Bristol-based grocer known as J.H. Mills. It developed a self-service supermarket chain named Gateway Foodmarkets in 1960. Gateway Foodmarkets was taken over by Linfood Holdings, which already owned the Frank Dee Supermarkets in the north and east of England. They bought a lot of different retail stores. In 1990 they started using the name Somerfield.

The company bought the Kwik Save chain of discount food stores in 1998. 

In early 2009 It was bought by the Co-operative Group for £1.57 billion. It had 750 shops.

Alvin and the Chipmunks (movie)

Alvin and the Chipmunks is a 2007 family comedy movie using Live-action/CGI. The movie stars Jason Lee, David Cross, Cameron Richardson and Jane Lynch and the voices of Justin Long, Matthew Gray Gubler and Jesse McCartney.

Dave Seville, a desperate song producer, meets three talking, singing chipmunks named Alvin (the awesomest one), Simon (the smart one), and Theodore (the cute one). Dave says that they can live with him if they sing his songs, but he later thinks that he made a terrible mistake when they ruin his house, his friendship with Claire Wilson (his girlfriend and next-door neighbor), and his job. Dave gets along with them better when they became very popular singers. Later on Dave's old friend and roommate, Ian Hawke trys to take the chipmunks away for fame and money. Eventually, Dave gets the chipmunks back, and he learns to consider them as his family. Also he and Claire get back together.


AIDS orphan

An AIDS orphan is a child who became an orphan because at least one of their parents died of AIDS. (An orphan is a child with no parents.)

The Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS), the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), use the term "AIDS orphan" to talk about children whose mothers died of AIDS before the child's 15th birthday, whether the child's father is still alive or not. Because of this, some people say that 80% of all "AIDS orphans" still have one parent who is still alive.

There are 70,000 new AIDS orphans a year. People in the past have guessed that by the year 2010, over 20 million children would be AIDS orphans.

Because most people who get AIDS are people who have sex, most people who die of AIDS are people who make most of their family's money (because most people who have sex are old enough to work). This means that many AIDS orphans need help from their country's government to live, and need money. This happens a lot in Africa especially.

In 2007, South Africa had more AIDS orphans than any other country, (although South Africa uses the term "AIDS orphan" differently than UNICEF and WHO. South Africa uses the term to talk about children under age 18 who lost either their father or their mother to AIDS). In 2005, the country with the highest percentage of AIDS orphans among the country's orphans was Zimbabwe. 


Hejaz

Hejaz is the western region of Saudi Arabia, stretching along the Red Sea (Sea of Hejaz). It extends from Taif in the south to Jordan in the north. There are four important cities in this region:


Endianness

Endianness refers to how data is ordered in machine language, the simplest, most understandable code that a computer can use.

In computer coding, all data (information) is stored in memory as small numbers (bytes). Larger numbers use more bytes to be stored. The different orders how they are can stored are called little-endian and big-endian. Which one is used depends on the type of the computer.

Say that we have a large number (32 bit long) like this:
The way it's stored in shorter byte-size (each 8 bit long) computer memory right now is big-endian, because we are starting with the big end of the large number. (Note that this number is in hexadecimal (base-16) ).

There are two important things to know here: first, "end" here does not mean "the last", but rather "side". In other words, "big-endian" means something like "the big side first", not "the big number is at the finish". Second, in computing numbers are usually grouped into bytes which hexadecimal uses two digits to write out. Each group is treated as a single thing and the digits within do not switch.

To write it in little-endian, we simply start on the little end, so it becomes:
Note that it is the order that changes, and the number does not become .

Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains

Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains is an English-based Formula One engine builder. The company used to be known as Ilmor Engineering. They are owned by Mercedes-Benz. From 1995 to 2014, their engines were used by the McLaren Formula One race cars. McLaren started using their engines again in 2021. For the season, Mercedes-Benz also supplied the Brawn GP and Force India teams with engines. In the season Mercedes supplied McLaren, Force India. They also supplied the engines for the new Mercedes-Benz factory team, Mercedes GP, which was formed from the Brawn GP team.

Ilmor was founded by Mario Illien and Paul Morgan in 1983. It was made as a British Formula One engine maker. The company name was taken from the last names of the founders. It originally started building engines for IndyCars. They received money from IndyCar team owner and builder Roger Penske to do this. 

The Daimler-Benz company purchased General Motors' 25% share of Ilmor in 1993. In 2002 Daimler increased its share to 55% and renamed the company Mercedes-Ilmor. In 2005, Daimler became the sole owner of Ilmor and renamed the company Mercedes-Benz HighPerformanceEngines.

One division of the company was called Special Projects. Since 2003, Special Projects had been building Honda's Indy Racing League engines. In 2005, Special Projects split from Mercedes-Ilmor and became a separate company named Ilmor Engineering. Ilmor Engineering is owned by Mario Illien and Roger Penske. This new company is totally independent of Mercedes-Benz.

In Ilmor entered Formula One as an engine supplier. They supplied engines to the Leyton House team. Leyton House was formerly known as March. In 1992, Leyton House changed its name back to March and continued using Ilmor engines. 

Ilmor also supplied engines to the Tyrrell team in . Powered by an Ilmor V10, Tyrrell scored 8 points, and March 3 points in the Formula One Championship.

Ilmor had developed a good name in F1. When the Sauber sportscar-team and Mercedes-Benz were planning to enter Formula One together, they made a deal with Ilmor. However, Ilmor deceided not to put the slogan "Concept by Mercedes-Benz" on the engines. Since the engines were officially called Ilmor, Mercedes backed out of the project with Ilmor. 

After an unexpectedly fast performance in , Sauber convinced Mercedes to join officially in 1994. In Ilmor also supplied the new Pacific GP team of Keith Wiggins with the old 1993 version of the engines. Pacific only managed to qualify seven times in thirty-two tries. The Ilmor engine was not the cause of this poor performance.

Ilmor became the engine partner to McLaren in . The partnership received its first win at the 1997 Australian Grand Prix. Mika Häkkinen won the driver's championships in the and seasons. The McLaren team won the constructor's championship in . After not winning a single race in the season, McLaren bounced back and won the driver's championship in season with Lewis Hamilton.

In 2001, Paul Morgan was killed while landing his vintage (antique) plane at Sywell Aerodrome, Northamptonshire. This led to Mercedes-Benz increasing their financial involvement in Ilmor, and renamed the company Mercedes-Ilmor Ltd.


Age of majority

The age of majority is the age when a person becomes an adult by law. This means that they are legally in control over their own actions and decisions, and their parents are no longer responsible for them. When used this way, the word "majority" means having the full number of years to be an adult. The opposite is "minority", which means being a minor or child. The law in a given place may never actually use the words "age of majority" when deciding when people become adults. The age of majority is a legally fixed age and idea of adulthood which is different in different places. It may not match the actual maturity of a person's body or mind. The age of majority is 18 in the vast majority of jurisdictions, but ages as low as 15 and as high as 21 exist in some.

Once a person reaches the age of majority, there are some things they can do that they could not do before. These may include to vote being legally an adult and marrying without having to ask for permission. The ages that these things can be done are different depending on where the person lives.

Even after a person reaches the age of majority, there may be other age-based rules that they still have to follow, such as the right to stand for office in elections or become a judge. For example, the youngest a person is allowed to purchase alcohol is 21 in all U.S. states even though the age of majority is 18 in most states. The age of majority in the Republic of Ireland is 17, but a person must be over 21 years old to stand for election.

"Emancipation" is when a child is freed from the responsibility and care of their parents or legal guardians before they reach the age of majority.

In almost all places, minors who are married are automatically emancipated. Some places also do the same for minors who are in the armed forces or who have a certain degree or diploma.

This is a list of the age of majority in various countries (or administrative divisions):

Age 16

Age 17

Age 18


Age 19
 * Alabama,

Age 20

Age 21
 * Colorado, * Mississippi, * New York, * Puerto Rico


Parvicursor

Parvicursor (meaning "small runner") is a genus of tiny maniraptoran dinosaur with long slender legs for fast running. At only about 39 cm (~15 in) from snout to end of tail, and 162 grams (5.7 ounces) in weight, it is one of the smallest non-avian dinosaurs known from an adult specimen.

Caenagnathasia

Caenagnathasia (meaning 'recent jaw from Asia') was a small oviraptorosaurian dinosaur (superfamily Caenagnathoidea), measuring only 1 m (3 ft) in length and weighing around 8 kg (18 lb). Like all oviraptorosaurs, "Caenagnathasia" had three fingers on each 'hand' and three toes on each 'foot', with bone fusion similar to that of birds. 

"Caenagnathasia" lived in the Upper Cretaceous, around 90 million years ago.

Anchiornis

Anchiornis ('near bird') is a genus of small, feathered, troodontid dinosaurs. "Anchiornis huxleyi" is named in honour of Thomas Henry Huxley, the first to propose a close evolutionary relationship between birds and dinosaurs. A complete individual would be 34 cm (13 in) and weigh only 110 g (3.9 oz), making it the smallest known feathered dinosaur.

"Anchiornis" fossils have been found in Liaoning, China, dating to the first part of the late Jurassic period, 160 to 161 million years ago.

"Anchiornis" is a small, early troodontid dinosaur with a triangular skull like other troodontids. Also, "Anchiornis" had long legs, usually an indication of a strong runner. However, the extensive leg feathers indicate that long legs may be an vestigial trait, because running animals tend to have reduced, not increased, hair or feathers on their legs. The forelimbs of "Anchiornis" were also very long, unusual among troodontids (which tend to be short-armed) but similar to dromaeosaurids and early birds, emphasizing its basal ('primitive') position among dinobirds.

While the first specimen of "Anchiornis," found in the 2000s, preserved only faint traces of feathers around the preserved portion of the body, the well-preserved second specimen showed nearly complete feather preservation, allowing researchers to identify the structure of the feathers and how they were distributed.

As in other early birds, such as "Microraptor", "Anchiornis" had large wings, made up of flight feathers attached to the arm and hand (as in modern birds) as well as flight feathers on the hind legs, forming an arrangement of fore and hind wings. The forewing of "Anchiornis" was composed of 11 primary feathers and 10 secondary feathers. Unlike "Microraptor", the primary feathers in "Anchiornis" were about as long as the secondaries and formed a more rounded wing, with curved but symmetrical central vanes, a small and thin relative size, and rounded tips, all indicating poorer aerodynamic ability compared to its later relative. In "Microraptor" and "Archaeopteryx", the longest forewing feathers were closest to the tip of the wing, making the wings appear long, narrow, and pointed. However, in "Anchiornis", the longest wing feathers anchored near the wrist, making the wing broadest in the middle and tapering near the tip for a more rounded, less flight-adapted profile.

The hind wings of "Anchiornis" were also shorter than those of "Microraptor", and were made up of 12–13 flight feathers anchored to the tibia (lower leg) and 10–11 to the metatarsus (upper foot). Also unlike "Microraptor", the hind wing feathers were longest closer to the body, with the foot feathers being short and directed downward, almost perpendicular to the foot bones. Unlike any other known Mesozoic dinosaur, the feet of "Anchiornis" (except for the claws) were completely covered in feathers (much shorter than the ones making up the hind wing).

Two types of simpler, downy (plumaceous) feathers covered the rest of the body, as in "Sinornithosaurus". Long downy feathers covered almost the entire head and neck, torso, upper legs,and the first half of the tail. The rest of the tail bore pennaceous tail feathers (rectrices).

In 2010, a team examined numerous points among the feathers of an extremely well-preserved "Anchiornis" specimen to survey the distribution of melanosomes, the pigment cells that give feathers their colour. By studying the melanosomes and comparing them with those of modern birds, the scientists were able to map the colours and patterning present on "Anchiornis" when it was alive. Though this technique had been used before, "Anchiornis" became the first Mesozoic dinosaur for which almost the entire life colouration was known.

Most of the body feathers of "Anchiornis" were grey and black. The crown of head feathers was mainly reddish with a grey base and front, and the face had rufous speckles among predominantly black head feathers. The fore and hind wing feathers were white with black tips. The coverts (shorter feathers covering the bases of the long wing feathers) were grey, contrasting the mainly white main wings. The larger coverts of the wing were also white with grey or black tips, forming rows of darker dots along mid-wing. These took the form of dark stripes or even rows of dots on the outer wing (primary feather coverts) but a more uneven array of speckles on the inner wing (secondary coverts). The shanks of the legs were grey other than the long hind wing feathers, and the feet and toes were black.

Like many modern birds, "Anchiornis" exhibited a complex pattern of coloration with different colours in speckled patterns across the body and wings, or "within- and among-feather plumage coloration". In modern birds, such colour patterning is used in communication and display, either to members of the same species (e.g. for mating or territorial threat display) or to threaten and warn off competing or predatory species.

"Anchiornis" is notable for its long forelimbs, which were 80% of the total length of the hind limbs. This is similar to "Archaeopteryx"; long forelimbs are necessary for flight. "Anchiornis" also had a more avian wrist than other non-avialan theropods. The authors first thought that "Anchiornis" could fly or glide. However, further finds showed that the wings of "Anchiornis", while well-developed, were short when compared to later species like "Microraptor", with relatively short primary feathers that had rounded, symmetrical tips, unlike the pointed, aerodynamically proportioned feathers of "Microraptor". So the animal could glide, but probably not fly.

"Anchiornis" has long hind legs, suggesting a fast-running lifestyle. However, the legs and even feet and toes of "Anchiornis" were covered in feathers, making it unlikely that "Anchiornis" was a capable ground runner. A tree-based glider is the probable life-style.


Šumadija

Šumadija (Serbian Cyrillic: Шумадија) is a geographical region in Serbia. The area was heavily forested, hence the name ("Šuma" - forest). The city of Kragujevac is the center of the region, and the administrative center of the Šumadija District in Central Serbia.

Šumadija is located between rivers Sava and Danube in the north, river Velika Morava in the east, river Zapadna Morava in the south, and Kolubara, Ljig and Dičina in the west. According to some interpretations (for example, physiologists such as Jovan Cvijić and ethnologist such as Erdeljanović.), the northern border of Šumadija lay between Avala and Kosmaj mountain. According to that view, the capital of Serbia, Belgrade does not belong to this region.

During the 18th century, the forests of Šumadija were the refuge for the Hajduks that fought against Ottoman occupation. The first Serbian uprising in 1804 was led by national hero Karađorđe. The second Serbian uprising in 1815 was led by Miloš Obrenović who successfully repelled the Turkish forces and, by 1830, Serbia had gained its full autonomy. Because of Miloš's efforts and negotiations Serbia was finally an independent state, after centuries under Ottoman reign.

Between 1922 and 1929, one of the administrative units of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was named Šumadijska Oblast. It roughly included territory of present-day Šumadija District with its administrative seat in Kragujevac, which is the seat of the modern district as well.

Some of the large cities and towns in Šumadija are:

Other smaller towns include:



New York Hall of Science

The New York Hall of Science is a science and technology museum in New York City. It has over 400 exhibits on biology, chemistry and physics. The museum occupies one of the only remaining structures of the 1964 New York World's Fair in Flushing Meadow-Corona Park in the borough of Queens in New York City.

Guadarrama

Guadarrama is a village in the nothwestern part of the community of Madrid, in Spain. The population of Guadarrama is almost 15,000 people. In summer, there can be 60,000 people.

Guadarrama has become an important tourist point. It is a second home for many people from Madrid.

Guadarrama is near the "Sierra of Guadarrama".

Cia-Cia language

The Cia-Cia language (Hangul: 바하사 찌아찌아, Roman: Bahasa Ciacia), also known as South Buton(ese), is an Austronesian language spoken principally around the town of Bau-Bau on the southern tip of Buton Island off the southeast coast of Sulawesi in Indonesia. 

Elmer Gedeon

Elmer John Gedeon (April 15, 1917 – April 20, 1944) is one of only two Major League Baseball players killed in action during World War II. He was also a multi-sport star in college at the University of Michigan.

At Michigan, Gedeon became an All-American in track and field, and earned varsity letters in both American football and baseball. He tied a world record in the high hurdles in 1938. After graduating, Gedeon had a position in Major League Baseball as an outfielder for the Washington Senators. Gedeon spent most of the 1939 and 1940 baseball seasons in the minor leagues. He was called up to the Senators in September 1939.

Gedeon's was drafted by the United States Army in early 1941. Since he was drafted, he had to stop baseball. He trained as a bomber pilot. He served in combat, and was shot down and killed in France, April 1944.

Scott Hall

Scott Oliver Hall (October 20, 1958 – March 14, 2022) was an American professional wrestler who was best known for wrestling with both the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) under the ring name, Razor Ramon and in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) where he wrestled under his real name.

Hall was a founding member of the professional wrestling stable, the New World Order (nWo).

In 1983, he was charged with second-degree murder after he wrestled a gun away from a man and shot him in the head at point blank range with it during an altercation outside of a nightclub. He said it was in self-defense and the charges were dropped because of lack of evidence. He did admit to killing the man, and says he is unable to forget the incident in a 2011 interview with ESPN.

Hall has had many other legal and drug problems since the 1990s. Retired professional wrestler Diamond Dallas Page invited Hall to join stay at his house to stay sober and rebuild his life. He also invited him to join his yoga program which many current and former professional wrestlers are involved in.

In March 2022, Hall was hospitalized after falling and breaking his hip. He had hip replacement surgery, but had three heart attacks on March 12, after which he was put on life support at a hospital in Marietta, Georgia. He died after he was taken off life support on March 14, 2022 at the age of 63.



August Rush

August Rush is a 2007 American drama movie. It was directed by Kirsten Sheridan. It was written by Paul Castro, Nick Castle, and James V. Hart. It was produced by Richard Barton Lewis. "August Rush" has been thought to as an up-to-date reworking of the "Oliver Twist" story by Charles Dickens.

Wikimania

Wikimania is an international conference on wikis like Wikipedia. It is organized by the Wikimedia Foundation and brings together authors, programmers, and researchers. It was started in 2005.

Wikimania has been in the following places:

, the sixteenth Wikimedia conference, will be held in Bangkok, Thailand.


Bob the Builder

Bob the Builder is a British television programme for children. It is broadcasted on the BBC and around the world. It was first broadcast on April 12, 1999. It is developed by Hit Entertainment for PBS Kids and BBC Television.

The show is about the life of a builder named Bob, and his talking machines, which include trucks, who help him fix things. Bob has a partner named Wendy and a cat named Pilchard. The slogan of the show is "Can we fix it? Yes we can!".

There are albums of songs from "Bob the Builder". Out of these songs, there are 2 number 1 hits, "Can We Fix It?" and "Mambo No. 5". There is also the number 81 hit "Big Fish Little Fish". There is also merchandise which is based on the show.

In 2015, a reboot series aired on Cartoonito and Channel 5's Milkshake block. In 2018, it left Cartoonito. In 2021, it left Channel 5 as it has since ended its run. Two years after the 2015 series ended, The original Bob the Builder also aired on Qubo but it ceased operations on February 28, 2021. A new titled Bob the Builder reboot series is to be announced.

Voice actors who have contributed to the original British version include Neil Morrissey, Rob Rackstraw, Kate Harbour, Rupert Degas, Colin McFarlane, Maria Darling, Emma Tate, Richard Briers, and June Whitfield.

Celebrities who have provided voices for the series (usually for one-off specials) include John Motson, Sue Barker, Kerry Fox, Ulrika Jonsson, Alison Steadman, Stephen Tompkinson, Elton John, Noddy Holder, and Chris Evans (Bobsville's resident rock star Lennie Lazenby).

Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
Season 4
Season 5
Season 6
Season 7
Season 8
Season 9
Season 10
Season 11
Season 12
Season 13
Season 14
Season 15
Season 16
Season 17
Season 18
Mini Series 1: The Legend of the Golden Hammer
Mini Series 2: The Big Dino Dig

Bob the Builder is broadcasted internationally and is available in several languages, including English, French, Spanish, Italian, Swedish, Slovene, German, Dutch, Hebrew, Hindi, Serbo-Croatian, Bengali, and others.
"Bob the Builder" was nominated in the BAFTA "Pre-school animation" category from 1999 to 2009, and won the "Children's Animation" category in 2003 for the special episode "A Christmas to Remember". Of the show's success, Sarah Ball said:

Open license

An open license or free license is a license that allows others to re-use an author's work as they wish. Without such a license, such use is generally prohibited by copyright law or a closed license.





Padlock

A padlock is a type of portable lock that has a U-shaped shackle that will not come apart from the body of the lock unless the correct key is inserted or the correct combination is dialed. The U-shape of the lock allows for a wide variety of uses. Typically the padlock is used to lock two things together, for example, a door and its frame, two or more chains, or a chain and a fixed object. Padlocks are not recommended for high-security applications because the shackle is easily cut with a bolt cutter or hacksaw. Some newer padlocks have hardened boron alloy shackles or shrouded (hidden or covered) shackles to make them more difficult to cut.

The combination padlock is usually made with a metal "can" with three tumblers inside connected to a dial on the front. The mechanism is very similar to combination locks used in safes. When the correct combination is entered, the notches on the tumblers line up and allow a latch to fall into the notches, releasing the shackle. Combination locks of this type are not recommended for outdoor use because they can fill up with rain water which causes them to rust. 

Some padlocks have a laminated body, constructed from a series of metal plates that are riveted together. 

The shackle of most padlocks is made from hardened steel, although more expensive padlocks may have boron alloy steels to make them more difficult to cut. Inexpensive padlocks usually have a shackle made of ordinary steel. Corrosion-resistant padlocks usually have a brass or stainless steel shackle although these materials have low hardness and are easily cut with bolt-cutters. The material that the shackle is made of is usually stamped in the center of the shackle. For example, a hardened steel shackle will be stamped "HARDENED" or a boron alloy shackle will be stamped "BORON ALLOY". Alloy steels with appropriate heat treating provide much higher cutting resistance to bolt-cutters. Alloy steel shackles are plated with another metal such as nickel or chrome to protect them from rust. The body of the padlock is usually also plated. Brass and stainless steel padlocks do not need plating, although they are sometimes plated anyway for appearance.

The stamp on the shackle indicates what material it is made of. The most common are:




Market economy

A market economy is economy in which the prices of the products and services are chosen in a free price system that is decided by supply and demand. It began around the late 18th century, after the Industrial Revolution. A key work was Adam Smith's "The Wealth of Nations", 1776.

Market economics has been widely used because of its efficiency (ability to work well). However, it has also been criticized for its selfishness and the difference between the rich and poor. In the real world, market economies are not purely market economies, as societies and governments control them in some ways instead of market forces. The expression "free-market economy" is sometimes used as the same as market economy. Nobel Prize in Economics winner Ludwig von Mises said that a market economy is still a market economy even if the government joins in pricing.

In a market economy, the following will be true:

Sometimes, market economy does not work as expected, the following may be observed:


Mayra Verónica

Mayra Verónica (named Mayra Verónica Aruca Rodríguez) is a Cuban model and singer. She was born in Havana, Cuba and grew up in the United States. Verónica appeared on Hispanic Univision, television commercials, FHM magazines and calendar and music videos. She works with the USO.

Mayra Verónica was born in Havana, Cuba on 20 August 1980. Sometimes her birth date appears as 20 August 1980 or 20 August 1983. "Celebrity Birthday" lists her as 32 years old (July 2010), born in 1977.

In 1984, she came to the US with her mother, Mayra Rodriguez. They left behind the rest of her family– her father Arturo Aruca, and sister Giselle Guzman. Her father came to the US a year later and reunited with Veronica and her mother, while her sister was unable to meet them until 13 years later. Verónica spoke about her difficult childhood. She grew up with little money and food was sometimes scarce.

Verónica was a good student. She learned ballet with help from paying students from her school who could afford the training. In junior high school, her now famous curves developed. She said it made ballet difficult, but boys liked it. Her first boyfriend at the age of 15 was an artist of the same age who often painted her in little or no clothing.

Verónica attended Florida International University where she studied psychology and theater.

After joining a local beauty and becoming Miss Miami, she met a photographer who took pictures for the event. The photographer invited her to his studio for free photo sessions. Mayra's first modeling job led to another job as a reporter for a local TV celebrity news show. She had no reporting experience, but she was a competent reporter.

She was promoted to hostess for the show, where she interviewed Donald Trump, Ivana Trump, Oscar de la Renta, Burt Reynolds, Dennis Rodman, Hugh Hefner, Marc Anthony, and many more. Verónica continued actress training in New York.

Verónica obtained a made-for-TV movie role called "The Suitor". She also worked in commercials for Nike, L'Oréal, Ford, Colgate, Burger King, and Coca-Cola. When Univision started a new TV talk show, they asked her to be their model and co-host, but there was one catch. Due to her ample curves, her last appearance on screen for the day would show her backside on camera before she turned to face the camera. Verónica did it gladly. Once the show aired, the model with the great backside became the talk of Latinos everywhere. Eventually her fame spread through North America.

Veronica appeared in "FHM" magazine ("For Him Magazine"), and also on the cover of the FHM book, which included top sex symbols such as Pamela Anderson, Eva Longoria, and Carmen Electra. Verónica appeared on more than 100 magazine covers. Her web site became very popular and FHM received many letters requesting that she appear again.

The US Marines voted Verónica their favorite girl. When soldiers stationed in Iraq sent emails asking for her posters and calendars, Verónica's managers sent the soldiers 5000 posters. The USO asked her to tour with US soldiers in Iraq.

The Thanksgiving USO tour included General James Cartwright, actor Wilmer Valderrama, and comedian Russell Peters. They traveled 6 places in 6 days (Iraq, Afghanistan, Germany, Turkey, Africa, and Greenland). The troops' appreciation was . Although Veronica had decided not to do more calendars, she changed her mind and decided to do one in 2008, dedicating proceeds to the Wounded Warrior Project.
Upon her return from the tour, fans described Verónica as a "modern day Betty Grable". Verónica continued touring with the USO and became an official .

In 2009, the New York Stock Exchange asked Verónica to ring the bell for the Fourth of July celebration. Verónica promoted organizations for which she advocates, the USO and UNICEF, and brought them to the bell ringing ceremony.

During her time with the Univision TV Network, Veronica met top music producers who worked with her on her first music album. It was titled "Vengo Con To"' (I'm coming at you with everything). It was a popular time for music and Verónica's album included as its first single "Vengo Con To". The song soared to number 1 in New York and made top 40 on "Billboard". The video was banned from Latin television because her curves appeared too much for TV.

Europe did not seem to mind and Mayra signed a contract with a German company for the release of the album in Europe. The album's popularity brought Verónica a deal with Motown, which put out a second single from the album titled "Mamma Mia" which performed well on radio.

A third single, "Es Tan Dificil Olvidarte", dedicated to the soldiers who died, put Verónica in the top 10 on the pop contemporary charts. Verónica continued her work with the troops by visiting the wounded at Camp Lejeune.

Verónica began 2010 on the cover of Billboard magazine with a new single, "If You Wanna Fly," that reached #13 on Billboard's Hot Dance Club Play chart and #15 on Billboard's Hot Dance Airplay chart. She continues working with producer Eddie Galan of Mach 1 Music, with a new album titled "Saint Nor Sinner" due out in 2010.

Verónica has been a Maxim (magazine) cover girl in other countries such as Philippines, Spain, and Germany She was also the first Cuban-American to ring the bell at NASDAQ on 3 July 2008

She was also honored by FHM magazine:

Verónica is unmarried but otherwise keeps her personal relationships private.

Verónica likes to invest in the stock market.

Verónica is not athletic, but she enjoys soccer and supports the USA team.


Epidexipteryx

Epidexipteryx ('display feather') is a genus of small maniraptoran dinosaurs, known from one fossil specimen in Beijing. "Epidexipteryx" is the earliest known example of ornamental feathers in the fossil record. It is a small maniraptoran dinosaur from the Middle or Upper Jurassic age Daohugou Beds of Inner Mongolia, China (perhaps 160 to 168 million years ago).

It is known from a well preserved partial skeleton that includes four long feathers on the tail, composed of a central rachis and vanes. However, unlike in modern-style tail feathers, the vanes were not branched but made up of a single ribbon-like sheet. "Epidexipteryx" also preserved a covering of simpler body feathers. They are unique in that some appear to arise from a "membranous structure".

In all, the skeleton of "Epidexipteryx hui" measures 25 centimeters (10 inches) in length (44.5 cm or 17.5 in including the incomplete tail feathers), and the authors estimated a weight of 164 grams, smaller than most other early dinobirds.

The skull of "Epidexipteryx" is also unique in a number of features. It had teeth only in the front of the jaws, with unusually long front teeth angled forward, a feature only seen in "Masiakasaurus" among other theropods. The tail of "Epidexipteryx" bore unusual vertebrae towards the tip which resembled the feather-anchoring pygostyle of modern birds and some oviraptors.

Despite its close relationship to avialan birds, "Epidexipteryx" appears to have lacked wing feathers, and so it could not fly. Zhang "et al." suggest that unless "Epidexipteryx" evolved from flying ancestors and subsequently lost its wings, this may indicate that advanced display feathers on the tail may have predated flying or gliding flight.

There is uncertainty about the age of the Daohugou Beds in which this fossil was found. Various papers have placed the fossils here anywhere from the Middle Jurassic (169 million years ago) to the Lower Cretaceous (122 ma). The age of this formation has implications for the relationship between similar dinosaurs, as well as for the origin of birds in general. A Middle Jurassic age would mean that the bird-like dinosaurs in the Daohugou beds are older than the 'first bird', "Archaeopteryx", which was late Jurassic in age. Until this question is decided, the significance of "Epidexipteryx" (and other early dinobirds from that area) is not clear.

Driver

A driver is a person who controls a vehicle. A driver may be a job such as a bus driver or a hobby such as a race car driver. 

Taylor Lautner

Taylor Daniel Lautner (; born February 11 1992) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Jacob Black in the "Twilight Saga" movie series, though he has also been in family movies and done voiceover work for animated cartoons.

Lautner was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. His parents are Deborah, who works for a software development company, and Daniel Lautner, a commercial airline pilot. Lautner was raised as a Roman Catholic in Hudsonville, Michigan. He went to Jamestown Elementary School until the age of eleven, when the family moved to the Santa Clarita area. Lautner is of mostly Dutch, French, and German ancestry, and claims some Native American ancestry through his mother. He has a younger sister, Makena. He has learnt karate since the age of six.


Hanyu Shuiping Kaoshi

The Hanyu Shuiping Kaoshi, (simplified Chinese: 汉语水平考试; traditional Chinese: 漢語水平考試; hanyu pinyin: Hànyǔ Shuǐpíng Kǎoshì), shortened as HSK, is the People's Republic of China's only standardized test of Standard Mandarin Chinese proficiency for non-native speakers, such as foreign students, overseas Chinese, and members of ethnic minority groups in China. It is also known as the "Chinese Proficiency Test".

Every year, HSK certificates are issued to those who score well enough. The HSK is primarily conducted in Simplified Chinese.


Foxtrot

The Foxtrot, or "Slow foxtrot", is an English ballroom dance which developed from American band music. It is now one of the international standard ballroom dances. All ballroom dance competitions controlled by the World Dance Council include the Foxtrot.

All the standard ballroom dances had their origins abroad, but were adapted and modified by English dancers into their modern style. The Waltz came from Germany around 1810. The Tango came from Argentina. The Foxtrot and Quickstep were greatly influenced by American music.

An American dance called the Boston arrived in England about 1903. This had fairly slow, gliding steps. It is a characteristic of the Foxtrot that in the basic steps, unlike the other dances, the feet slide past each other rather than coming together. The Boston seems to have been the first dance to move the feet in this way. The Boston also was the first ballroom dance to be done with feet parallel (rather than turned out, as in ballet).
The Boston, like much else, was finished off by the First World War. Crowded dance floors in wartime left no room for it, and new musical imports arrived from America.

Ragtime and jazz came to Europe, and were great sensations. Both the music, and the many 'craze' dances contributed. After the war the big bands of Paul Whiteman took centre stage. He played 'arranger's jazz', meaning, the band played from charts rather than by ear. Whiteman's bands were hugely successful (there were several). 

"The decade between 1910 and 1920", said one writer, "was the period in which America went dance mad". "From 1912 through 1914", said another, "over one hundred new dances found their way in and out of our fashionable ballrooms".
These are a few examples: The Shimmy, The Grind, The Turkey Trot, The Bunny Hug, The Texas Tommy, The Cakewalk... Almost all these dances originated in the black community in the United States, and some moved over into white society.

During the 1920s, English professional dancers and dance teachers set out to find ways of dancing to the new music. In their opinion, what was needed was separate dances for different tempos. So what happened was that the Foxtrot, which had started off as a mid-tempo dance influenced by ragtime, gradually split into two dances, a Slow foxtrot and a quick foxtrot. The difference in tempo allowed the dances to become, in time, different in style as well as music. The Quickstep (as it was soon called) was influenced by the Charleston, and the Slow foxtrot by ideas from the Boston. The syncopation which is still common in the quickstep is an example of ragtime influence on modern dancing.

Where did the name 'foxtrot' come from? It is often said that Foxtrot took its name from its inventor, the vaudeville actor Harry Fox; however the exact origins are not clear. The dance was premiered in 1914, quickly catching the eye of the talented husband and wife duo Vernon and Irene Castle, who lent the dance its signature grace and style.

W.C. Handy's "Memphis Blues" was said to be the inspiration for the Foxtrot. The Castles' music director would play the Memphis Blues during breaks from the fast paced Castle Walk and One-step. The Castles were intrigued by the rhythm. They introduced the 'Bunny Hug' in a magazine article. They went abroad and in mid-ocean sent a wireless to the magazine to change the Bunny Hug to the 'Foxtrot'.

For the International or English style foxtrot

Basic Figures

Standard Figures


United Service Organizations

The United Service Organizations Inc. (USO) offers recreational support for members of the U.S. military. The USO provides programs in 140 centers worldwide funded by private and public donations and support from the United States Department of Defense. It is not a government agency.

USO works to boost military . Since 1941, the USO became the soldier's "home away from home" and began a tradition of entertaining the troops with live performances called "Camp Shows" that continues today. These "tours" typically feature big name actors or actresses, comedians, pop musicians, and models.

The USO serves both in time of war and during time of peace. During the 1990s, the USO provided services to 5 million active duty service members and their families, and more support after start of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars.


Symphony No. 8 (Mahler)

Symphony No. 8 in E-flat major by Gustav Mahler (1860–1911) is one of the largest choral works in classical music. It needs a huge orchestra to play it and a huge choir to sing. Because so many performers are needed it is often called "Symphony of a Thousand", but that is not a name that Mahler gave to it.

Mahler worked very hard at it, composing it in quite a short time at Maiernigg in southern Austria in the summer of 1906. It was the last of Mahler's works that was to be given its first performance in his lifetime. The symphony was given its first performance in Munich on 12 September 1910.

Symphonies are usually pieces of music played just by an orchestra, but Beethoven started a tradition of having singing in symphonies: his Ninth Symphony is the famous one with the Ode to Joy in the last movement. Mahler took up this idea of combining singing with symphony. His Symphonies Nos 2, 3, and 4 all have singing in them. The next three are just for orchestra, but in No. 8 he uses singing again.

Symphony No. 8 is very unusual because he does not have the usual three or four movements with traditional forms such as sonata form. The whole symphony is in two parts. Part I is based on the Latin text of a ninth-century Christian hymn for Pentecost, "Veni creator spiritus" ("Come, Creator Spirit"). Part II is in German. The words come from the closing scene of Goethe's "Faust". 

The two parts have a common idea: the idea of being saved through the power of love. Musically Mahler does this by sharing tunes throughout the symphony. The symphony expresses the confidence of the eternal human spirit.

For many years after Mahler’s death it was not often performed. It is, of course, a very expensive symphony to perform because of the vast numbers of musicians needed. It also needs to be performed in a very large concert hall. Today it is played more often. The 100th anniversary of its first performance was celebrated in July 2010 in the opening concert of the BBC Proms is the Royal Albert Hall, London.

Opinions about the symphony have been divided. Some people did not think the optimism expressed in the music was really convincing. Other people have said it is one of the greatest musical expressions of humanity.

Simon Boccanegra

Simon Boccanegra is an opera by Giuseppe Verdi. It is divided into a prologue and three acts. The libretto is by Francesco Maria Piave. The story was based on a play "Simón Bocanegra" (1843) by Antonio García Gutiérrez.

"Simon Boccanegra" was first performed at Teatro La Fenice, Venice on 12 March 1857. It was not very successful, and many years later Verdi made a lot of changes to it. He was helped by the writer Arrigo Boito who made changes to the plot. The new version was first performed at La Scala, Milan on 24 March 1881. This is the version that is normally performed today.

The story is supposed to take place in the middle of the 14th century in Genoa. Genoa (in Italian: Genova) is now a town in Italy, but in those days Italy was not yet one country, and Genoa, like Venice, was a small republic, ruled by a Doge (pronounced “Doadz” in English. It is an Italian word meaning “duke”). Until the time of this story the Doge had always been chosen from one of the rich patricians. The ordinary, common people (the plebeians), could not be chosen to be the Doge.

At the beginning of the story Fiesco is the Doge of Genoa. He has a daughter Maria. Maria has fallen in love with Simon Boccanegra who is a plebeian, so he would not be important enough to be allowed to marry her, even though he has become a hero because he has fought lots of pirates. Simon and Maria had a child, a young girl. After she was born she was given to an old woman to look after, but one day the old woman died and the small child wandered off alone. She was found wandering by the sea shore by Count Grimaldi who took her and looked after her as if she were his own child.

No one knows what has happened to the child. Count Grimaldi does not know who she is. He thinks she is an orphan.

When the opera begins, Paolo, the leader of the Plebeian party, persuades Pietro to encourage the plebeians to vote for Simon Boccanegra as the new doge of Genoa. Boccanegra arrives and agrees that he would be doge if he were chosen. Simon thinks this would make Fiesco allow him to marry Maria. For the past three months Fiesco has locked his daughter in the palace because she had had a child with Simon.

Maria dies (we never see her in the opera). Fiesco now laments the death of his daughter. Simon begs Fiesco to forgive him. Fiesco does not tell him Maria has just died. He promises to forgive him only if Simon lets him have his granddaughter. Simon explains he cannot because the child has disappeared. He goes into Maria’s room and finds she is dead. The people sing happily because Simon is the new Doge.

The story of Act I takes place 25 years later. Simon is still the Doge. He has sent many of his enemies into exile and taken away their property. Count Grimaldi is one of the people who has been exiled. In the Grimaldi castle, Fiesco is calling himself Andrea Grimaldi so that people do not know who he is. He is plotting with Simon’s enemies to overthrow him. He does not know that his granddaughter (Simon’s daughter) is the young lady called Amelia Grimaldi who is living in the castle.

At the beginning of Act I we see Amelia singing a beautiful song about the morning and the sea and the stars. She has a lover, Gabriele Adorno. When he arrives she warns him of the dangers of political plotting. The news is brought that the Doge is coming. Amelia is worried that the Doge will make her marry Paolo, so she asks Gabriele to ask Andrea (who is actually Fiesco) immediately for permission for them to marry. Fiesco agrees. He tells Gabriele that she was a poor orphan who had been found (he does not realize that it is his granddaughter). Gabriele says that he does not care about that, so Fiesco blesses the marriage.

Simon enters. He tells her that Count Grimaldi is forgiven and can return home. He asks her whether she would like to marry Paolo, but she refuses. She tells him that she is an orphan and she shows him a locket with a picture of her mother. Simon realizes that Amelia is his long-lost daughter. They are very happy to have found one another. When Paolo enters, Simon tells him he cannot marry her. Paolo is furious and decides to kidnap Amelia.

In the next scene we see Simon surrounded by the plebeian and patrician members of his Council. They are discussing whether they should make peace with the republic of Venice. Suddenly a crowd enters shouting for death to Simon. They are chasing Gabriele. Gabriele confesses that he killed Lorenzino for trying to kidnap Amelia. As Lorenzino lay dying he had said that he had been told by an important person to kidnap her. Adorno guesses that Simon must have ordered the kidnapping. He is about to attack him when Amelia rushes in and stops the fight Simon arrests Gabriele. He realizes that Paolo must be the real kidnapper, and makes everybody (including Paolo) curse him. Simon and his daughter are left alone on stage at the end of the act.

Paolo is frightened. He is furious with Simon and decides he must poison him. Fiesco and Gabriele are brought in. He tells Fiesco he can be free if he murders Simon. Fiesco refuses. Just as Fiesco and Gabriele are about to leave, Paolo asks Gabriele whether he knows Amelia is here in the palace having an affair with Simon. Gabriele is furious. When Amelia enters she denies the story. She tells Gabriele she loves him and tries to persuade him to leave, but Simon is coming and Gabriele hides.

Amelia tells Simon that she would die for Gabriele. Simon agrees to pardon him. He drinks from a poisoned glass of wine, which Paolo had put on the table, and falls asleep. Gabriele tries to kill him, but Amelia stops him. Simon wakes up. He tells Gabriele that Amelia is his daughter. Gabriele begs Simon for forgiveness and promises he will fight for him.

This takes place in a great hall which looks out on the harbour. Fiesco has been set free, but Paolo is condemned to death for leading the uprising against the Doge. Paolo tells Fiesco that he has poisoned Simon. Fiesco goes to Simon, who is now dying (the poison is working slowly). Simon recognizes his old enemy who he thought was dead. He is happy to tell him that Amelia is his long-lost granddaughter. Fiesco feels terribly sad and tells Simon about the poison. Gabriele and Amelia have just got married. They find her father and grandfather are now friends. Simon asks for Gabriele to be the next Doge when he dies. Fiesco goes to the window and announces to the crowd that Gabriele Adorno is now the new Doge and that Simon Boccanegra is dead.


Fire hydrant

A fire hydrant, also known as a fire plug or johnny pump, is a tool used for fighting fires. They are usually found easily on streets, stuck to the road. The first fire hydrant recorded was in Philadelphia.

A fire hydrant is the primary method of firefighting in a municipal area. It is basically an outlet with a valve that provides water to the fire pumps or fire jeeps engaged in firefighting. Laws for keeping operational fire hydrants at specific intervals and with free access in buildings, factories, urban and developed areas are an important component of fire control and safety.

Betty Grable

Elizabeth Ruth Grable (18 December 1916 – 2 July 1973) was an American actress, pin-up girl, dancer, singer, and model who was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

Her swimsuit photo made her the number 1 pin-up girl during World War II. Her photo later appeared in "LIFE magazine's" "100 Photos that Changed the World".

She was awarded a star (a metal award plaque set in sidewalk cement) on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and a star on the St. Louis Walk of Fame. She died of lung cancer in Santa Monica, California at the age of 56.

She appeared in many movies:

Geyser

A geyser is a hot spring which shoots out water and steam. They erupt when pressure has built up, often at regular intervals. There are about a thousand geysers around the world. About half are in Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming, United States.

Geysers are made in special geological conditions. Only a few places on Earth have these conditions. Because of this, geysers are not very common. One place is the Yellowstone National Park, which is the remains of a gigantic volcano. Another is Iceland, which sits on top of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, where new Earth's crust is formed.

Geysers are often near active volcanos. This is because the geyser is caused by magma. Surface water usually goes down to about . There, it mixes with hot rocks. The pressurized water begins to boil. When it is pressured enough, hot water and steam burst out of the geyser.

Individual geysers do not last forever, but "systems" of geysers last as long as the geological situation continues. The oldest individual geysers are only a few thousand years old. Geysers are usually near volcanic areas. As the water boils, the pressure increases. This forces hot steam and water to the surface through the geyser. Geysers are usually made because of three things that are around volcanoes.



Most importantly, the temperatures near the bottom of the geyser become high enough to start boiling the water. Steam bubbles come out of the top of the column. They burst through the geyser's vent. Some water flows or splashes out. This makes the weight of the column of water and the pressure on the water below less. When this pressure is released, the hot water turns into steam. It boils violently.

There are several bodies in the Solar System where jet-like eruptions, often called "geysers" and "cryogeysers", have been seen. Unlike geysers on Earth, these are eruptions of gas, together with dust or ice particles, but without liquid.

Water vapor streams have been seen near the south pole of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Nitrogen eruptions have been seen on Neptune's moon Triton. Carbon dioxide eruptions from the southern polar ice cap of Mars have also been seen.



Charles Mackerras

Sir Charles Mackerras, (born 17 November 1925; died 14 July 2010) was an Australian conductor. He was very famous for his conducting of operas, especially the operas of Janáček and Mozart, and the comic operas of Gilbert and Sullivan.

Mackerras was born in Schenectady, New York, and was brought up in Sydney, Australia. He went to the New South Wales Conservatory to study oboe, piano and composing. He became an oboe player with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra during World War II, and was made the principal oboist in 1946. He conducted the orchestra at the opening of the Sydney Opera House in 1973. Five years later he was the first Australian conductor to be the orchestra's principal conductor.

Mackerras received many honours, including Companion of the Order of Australia, Order of the Companions of Honour, Commander of the Order of the British Empire (1979).

He died from cancer in London, where he lived for many years.


Renault Mégane

The Renault Mégane is a car produced by Renault in four generations since 1995.

The first Mégane arrived in late 1995 to replace the 19. It came in many bodystyles and engines, the model formed the basis for the Scénic, Europe's first compact MPV which arrived in late 1996. The range was facelifted in April 1999 and an estate/wagon version appeared but wasn't sold in the UK. Although a new Mégane arrived in late 2002, the original was sold into 2003 until all bodystyles were redesigned. 



The second Mégane arrived in late 2002 with the hatchback models, other versions appeared during 2003. The hatchback models became known for their distinctive rear end styling which resulted in Renault doing an advert for it based on that. It was facelifted in early 2006. 



The third Mégane arrived in late 2008 with the hatchback and coupé models. Other models arrived during 2009. It received a mild facelift in early 2012 then a more thorough one in late 2013. It entered its fourth generation in 2016. 



The fourth Mégane arrived in late 2015 with the hatchback model. The estate and the revived saloon model arrived in 2016. The coupé and CC was discontinued. It was facelifted in 2020.

The Mégane E-Tech was revealed in early 2022. It switched from a hatchback body style to a electric crossover SUV. 

Ryan Atwood

Ryan Atwood is a fictional character on the show The O.C. He is played by Benjamin Mckenzie. He is from Chino, California. He is with Marissa Cooper as his girlfriend. He also graduated from Berkely University.

Renault Laguna

The Renault Laguna is a car produced by Renault in three generations from 1994 to 2015. 

The first Laguna arrived in early 1994 to replace the 21, it came as a hatchback at first and then it was joined by an estate/wagon version in late 1995. It got a facelift in 1998. 


The second Laguna arrived at the end of 2000 and again, hatchback and estate/wagon bodystyles were offered. In 2001, it became the first car to receive 5 stars in the Euro NCAP crash testing, making it one the safest models at the time. It received a facelift in March 2005. 



The third Laguna went on sale in October 2007 and became available in hatchback, estate/wagon and coupe bodystyles. It received a mild facelift in late 2010. Then in 2015 it was replaced by a new model called the Talisman. 


The Talisman was revealed in late 2015 as a successor to the Laguna. It switched from a liftback bodystyle to a convetional sedan. It was facelifted in 2020 and discontinued in 2022.

Tata Indica

The Tata Indica is a car produced by Tata Motors in two generations from 1998 to 2015. Between 2003 and 2005, it was sold in the UK as the Rover CityRover but the car was not a success there. 





Market capitalization

Market capitalization (often market cap) is a measurement of the size of a business corporation. It is equal to the price of one share of stock, times the number of shares of stock in a public company. Owning stock in a company is owning a part of the company. Market capitalization shows the public opinion of a company's value. The total market capitalization of all publicly traded companies in the world was US$51.2 trillion in January 2007. In May 2008 it rose to US$57.5 trillion, but by September 2008 had dropped to a little more than US$40 trillion. 

Market capitalization represents the public opinion of the value of a company's equity. A public corporation, including all of its assets, may be bought and sold as stock. These purchases and sales will define the price of the company's share price. Market capitalization is the share price times by the number of shares in issue. This provides a total value for the company's shares and the value the company.

Some companies have stock that is privately owned, and not publicly traded. Many Stock markets adjust the market cap on the value of the publicly traded part of the company. In this case, market capitalization is based on the publicly traded stocks.

Note that market capitalization is a market estimate of a company's value. It is based how the public believes the company will perform in the future. There are many things that can affect the stock price. These include economic conditions and mergers and acquisitions.

In the past, companies were separated into large-cap, mid-cap, and small-cap. New categories 'micro-cap' and 'nano-cap' have been added. There are general guidelines to know what category a company is in. These guidelines are adjusted over time due to changes in the market and the economy. For example, $1 billion was a large market cap in 1950 but it is not very large now. 

Different numbers are used by different stock markets. There is no official definition of the exact cutoffs. They also may be done by percentiles rather than fixed cutoffs.

Market cap reflects only the "equity" value of a company. A more comprehensive measure is enterprise value (EV), which includes debt and other factors.
Insurance firms use a value called the embedded value (EV).

Vernon and Irene Castle

Vernon and Irene Castle were a husband-and-wife team of ballroom dancers of the early 20th century. They were famous for developing and promoting dancing in the period of the First World War.

Vernon Castle (2 May 1887 – 15 February 1918) was born William Vernon Blyth in Norwich, Norfolk, England. Irene Castle (17 April 1893 – 25 January 1969) was born Irene Foote, the daughter of a prominent physician in New Rochelle, New York. 

Vernon chose 'Castle' as a stage name when he first performed as a comic, because his sister (also on the stage) already used the family name, Blyth. He had already taken the name before Irene met him in 1910.

Vernon was initially trained to become a civil engineer. He moved to New York in 1906. There he became established as a comic actor and conjuror.

Irene studied dancing and performed in several amateur theatricals before meeting Vernon in 1910. The next year, over her father’s objections, the two were married. The English-born Vernon had already established himself as a dancer in comedic roles. His specialty was playing a gentleman drunk, who elegantly fell about the stage while trying to hide his condition. 

After their marriage, Irene joined Vernon in The Hen-Pecks (1911), a production in which he was a featured player. The two then travelled together to Paris to perform in a dance revue. The show closed quickly, but the couple were hired as a dance act by the Café de Paris. Performing the latest American dances, the Castles were soon the rage of Parisian society. They introduced American ragtime dances, such as the Turkey Trot and the Grizzly Bear.

When the Castles returned to the U.S. in 1912, their success was repeated on a far wider scale. Making their New York debut at a branch of the Cafe de Paris, the duo were soon in demand on stage, in vaudeville and in motion pictures. In 1914, the couple opened a dancing school in New York called "Castle House", a nightclub called "Castles by the Sea" on the Boardwalk in Long Beach New York, and a restaurant, the "Sans Souci".

In addition to cabaret, the Castles also became staples of Broadway. The Castles' greatest success was on Broadway, in Irving Berlin's debut musical "Watch Your Step" (1914). In this extravaganza, the couple refined and popularized the Foxtrot, which vaudeville comedian Harry Fox may have invented. After its New York run, "Watch Your Step" toured through 1916.

The Castles helped remove the stigma of vulgarity from close dancing. The Castles’ performances, often set to ragtime and jazz rhythms, also popularized African-American music among well-heeled whites. Irene’s fashion sense, too, started national trends. Her elegant, yet simple, flowing gowns were often featured in fashion magazines. She also introduced American women to the bob—the short hairstyle favored by flappers in the 1920s (see also Louise Brooks).

The Castles appeared in a newsreel called "Social and Theatrical Dancing" in 1914 and wrote a bestselling instructional book, "Modern Dancing", later the same year. The pair also starred in a feature film called "The Whirl of Life" (1915), which was well-received by critics and public alike. As the couple's celebrity increased in the mid-1910s, Irene Castle became a major fashion trendsetter, with her bobbed hair and shorter skirts. Her chic wardrobe was supplied almost exclusively by the couturière 'Lucile', (Lucy, Lady Duff-Gordon) but Irene also designed some of her clothes herself. 

The slim, elegant Castles were trendsetters in many ways: they travelled with a black orchestra, had an openly lesbian manager, and were animal rights advocates long before it became a public issue.

The Castles endorsed Victor Records and Victrolas. They issued records by the Castle House Orchestra, led by James Reese Europe –– a pioneering figure in Black music. They also lent their names to advertising for other products, from cigars and cosmetics to shoes and hats. They were, in short, personalities of the modern kind, who had a gift for self-publicity. They were as famous as any film stars of the day.

Vernon returned to the UK to become a pilot in the Royal Flying Corps during World War I. Flying over the Western Front he shot down two aircraft and was awarded the French Croix de Guerre in 1917. He was posted to Canada to train new pilots, and then promoted to Captain and posted to the US to train American pilots. 

While flying at Benbrook Field, near Fort Worth, Texas, he took emergency action shortly after take off to avoid another aircraft. His plane stalled, and he was unable to recover control. Vernon was the only casualty. Fatally injured, he died soon after the crash, on . Irene paid tribute to Vernon in her memoir "My Husband", 1919.

Irene starred solo in about a dozen silent movies between 1917 and 1924 and appeared in several stage productions before retiring from show business. She married three more times –– to Robert Treman, Frederic McLaughlin, and George Enzinger. 
In 1939, her life with Vernon was turned into a movie, "The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle", produced by RKO and starring Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. Irene served as a technical advisor on the movie, but clashed with Rogers, who refused to short bob or darken her hair. Irene also objected to white actor Walter Brennan playing their servant: "Walter was BLACK".

For the rest of her life, Irene was a staunch animal-rights activist, ultimately founding the Illinois animal shelter "Orphans of the Storm", which is still active. 

Irene died . Vernon and Irene Castle are interred together in the Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York. There is a large monument to Vernon Castle near the site of his crash in Benbrook, Texas.



Fiat Stilo

The Fiat Stilo is a car produced by Fiat from 2001 to 2007. The car was a modest sales success across Europe. 



Fiat Doblò

The Fiat Doblò is a car produced by Fiat in two generations since 2000.







Payment

A payment is the transfer of something from one party to another. Giving money to a company is a payment, for example. A payment is usually made for goods or services.

The oldest form of payment is barter. Barter is a simple form of payment. It is the transfer of one good or service for another. 

Today, payment is usually with money, cheque, debit, credit, bank transfer, or mobile payment. In transfers between businesses, sometimes payments can be complicated, with stock and other things.

In law, the "payer" is the party that sends the payment and the "payee" is the party that gets the payment.

Pedro Martinez

Pedro Jaime Abreu Martínez, known as Pedro Martínez (born October 25, 1971), is a Dominican pitcher who played for five Major League Baseball teams from 1992 to 2008—the Los Angeles Dodgers, Montreal Expos, Boston Red Sox, New York Mets, and Philadelphia Phillies. Martínez is one of 18 pitchers in MLB history with 3,000 career strikeouts, was named to eight All-Star Game rosters, won the Cy Young Award as the top pitcher in the National League once and the American League twice, and helped the Red Sox to a World Series victory in 2004, the team's first since 1918. Martínez was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2015, the first year in which he could be elected.

He is also notable for having pushed aside New York Yankees bench coach Don Zimmer during a baseball brawl.

Remy Zero

Remy Zero was a alternative rock band. The band made the theme song for the television series "Smallville". The band broke up in 2003.

Romeo

Romeo might mean:



Matthew Broderick

Matthew Broderick (born March 21, 1962) is an American actor. He was born and raised in New York City. He is partly of Jewish descent (his mother was Jewish), and considers himself Jewish. He starred in many movies, including "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", "Godzilla" and "The Lion King". Broderick married Sarah Jessica Parker in 1997.

In 1987, while driving a rented BMW 316 in Enniskillen, Northern Ireland, Broderick crossed into the wrong lane and collided head-on with a Volvo. The driver, Anna Gallagher, 28, and her mother, Margaret Doherty, 63, were both killed instantly. He was vacationing with Jennifer Grey, whom he had begun dating in semi-secrecy during the filming of "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"; the crash publicly revealed their relationship. He suffered a fractured leg and ribs, a concussion, and a collapsed lung. Grey's injuries included severe whiplash, which later required surgery to avoid paralysis.

Broderick denied knowledge of the car crash. He was charged with causing death by dangerous driving and potentially faced five years in prison, yet received a lesser charge of careless driving.

Political beliefs

Broderick is a liberal.

Everyone Says I Love You

Everyone Says I Love You is a 1996 American movie directed by Woody Allen. It stars Allen, Alan Alda, Drew Barrymore, Tim Roth, Natalie Portman and Julia Roberts. It was released in December 1996.

Hurricane Allen

Hurricane Allen was an extremely powerful hurricane in 1980. The storm smashed through the Caribbean, Mexico and South Texas in August 1980. Over 200 were killed and damages were $1 billion (1980 USD). The winds of this hurricane reached 190 miles an hour, tying Hurricane Camille for highest wind speeds in any Atlantic Tropical Cyclone. Allen was one of the most powerful Atlantic tropical storms in recorded history. The name Allen was later retired in Spring of 1981 and replaced with Andrew, which in turn was retired because of the destructive 1992 hurricane.

Housecleaning

Housecleaning is what people do to remove mess, trash, and dirt from where they live and put things where they belong so the house looks neat.

Housecleaning makes it easier to see the floor and furniture without clutter in the way. It also leaves fewer places for spiders and insects to live and removes dust so that people in the house can breathe more easily. Housecleaning may be sweeping the floor with a broom, cleaning rugs with a vacuum cleaner, cleaning clothes and putting them away, and washing windows. Washing a sponge, squeezing out the water, and placing it on a dish rack to dry is also part of housecleaning.

Clutter is things that either should not be in the house at all or have been put in the wrong place. A teacup in the middle of the floor is clutter. A teacup on its shelf is not clutter. Places people put things away on shelves, in drawers, and on hangers.

Cleaning the house removes germs, dust and other things that can harm health. Dust can make people sneeze, cough, and get watery eyes. Dust can give people rashes and trouble breathing. Dust can come from smoke, cotton, small bits of soap, pollen, mold spores, dried cat saliva, pieces of spider web, skin flakes, cloth fibers, insect fibers, or tiny bits of food.

There are five main kinds of chemicals that people use for housecleaning:


Tom Welling

Tom Welling (born 26 April 1977) is an American actor. He is known for playing Clark Kent on "Smallville" from 2001 until 2011.

Make Way for Ducklings

Make Way for Ducklings is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Robert McCloskey. It was first printed in 1941. The book is about two mallard ducks who decide to raise their family on an island in the lagoon in Boston Public Garden, a park in the middle of Boston, Massachusetts.

"Make Way for Ducklings" won the 1942 Caldecott Medal for McCloskey's pictures, drawn in charcoal, then lithographed on zinc. In 2003, the book had sold more than two million copies. The book was so popular a statue of a mother duck and her eight ducklings were set up in the Public Garden. In 1991, Barbara Bush gave a copy of this statue to Raisa Gorbachev as part of the START Treaty, and the work is in Moscow's Novodevichy Park.

The book is the official children's book of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The book is still highly praised for over 60 years because of its pictures and pace. However, it was criticised for having a loose plot (story) and weak characters. The book is very popular around the world.

Sequence dance

Sequence dancing is a form of dance in which there is a preset pattern of movements, to music. The music is usually also preset. Sequence dancing may include dances of many different styles. The term may include ballroom dances, which move round the floor, as well as line, square and circle dances.

Sequence dancing in general is much older than modern ballroom dances. With the exception of the waltz, invented around 1800, all dances in ballrooms were sequence dances until the early 20th century. The quadrille was one example, the minuet another.

After modern ballroom dancing developed, in England, sequence dancing continued. It included so-called 'Old Time' dances and also adapted versions of the new ballroom dances, and then versions of Latin dances. Sequence dancing is a competitive sport as well as a social pastime.

The British Sequence Championships is the most famous annual sequence dance competition and is part of the Blackpool Sequence Dance Festival. This is held in the Empress Ballroom, Winter Gardens, Blackpool, England, since 1949.

Škoda Felicia

The Škoda Felicia was a automobile produced by Škoda Auto. It replaced the Favorit in 1994 with a facelift in 1998. Its successor, Škoda Fabia, was introduced in 1999, but the Felicia still continued until 2001 in estate form until it was replaced by the Fabia version. 


Minos

Minos was the mythical first king of Crete, son of Zeus and Europa. The following stories are mythological, and have no real historical basis.

Every nine years, he made King Aegeus pick seven young boys and seven young girls to be sent to Daedalus' creation, the labyrinth, to be eaten by the Minotaur. After his death, Minos became a judge of the dead in the underworld. 

He once had a wife named Pasophae. Minos upset the Greek gods by cheating them in a sacrifice. He told Poseidon that he would sacrifice a beautiful bull that Poseidon gave him after he used it. Instead, he switched it with another bull. They punished him by having Pasophae fall in love with a bull.

Pasophae asked Daedalus to help her, so Daedalus made a mechanical cow for her, and she got into it. The bull mated with the wooden cow and Pasophae had a child. It was the Minotaur, half human, half bull. 

King Minos took the Minotaur and put it in a labrynth, or maze, built by Daedalus. When he was in possession of all of Crete he ordered that fourteen young people come to him to be sacrificed to the Minotaur. Theseus volunteered to be one of them, and went there with daughter, Ariadne. He killed the Minotaur in the labyrinth.

The Minoan civilization was later named after him by Arthur Evans. Evans was the archaeologist who discovered and excavated the palace of Knossos in Crete.


Paso doble

The Paso doble is a dance and music based on the Spanish bullfight. It is the music played at bullfights at the procession of the bullfighters, between stages, and at the end of each session. The dance is based on the way matadors perform in the ring.

In the dance, the man takes the part of the matador, and the woman takes the part of the man's cape ("not" the bull!). The man's stance (the way he stands) should be proud, and when he has a free arm it should be held slightly bent, rather as matadors do. The photograph of the ice dancers gives a perfect example of what dancers should aim for in this style.

The paso doble is one of the five International Latin ballroom dances. It gives a very good contrast in style with the four other dances. Although so Spanish in style and origin, the dance techniques were first developed in Paris. Later, in mid 20th century London, the Latin and American dances took on their present form.

The music is scored in 2/4 time. It is a march-like type of music, and as a dance it is a two-step ("paso doble" = two-step). It is played at about 60/62 bars (measures) a minute for dancers.

The most famous piece of paso doble music is the "España Cañí" or "Spanish Gypsy Dance". A sample of "La Gracia de Dios" gives an idea of the rhythm.

Daedalus

Daedalus was King Minos' head architect in ancient Greece and son of Athena. When King Minos of Crete was having some sovereignty problems, he asked Poseidon, god of the sea, for an offering to sacrifice to him as a sign as true kingship. So Poseidon sent a snow-white bull straight out of the sea foam. Once the people of Crete saw the bull, they all agreed that it was a sign of true kingship. However, once King Minos saw the bull, he refused to sacrifice the bull, kept it for himself, and sacrificed another bull to Poseidon, thus angering him. Poseidon put a curse on Minos’ wife, making her fall in love with the bull. She loved it so much that she wanted to mate with it. Minos called for the help of Daedalus, who built a wooden bull and put Queen Pasiphae inside it, thus calming her anxiety for mating with the bull. She soon became pregnant with half-man, half-bull (also called the Minotaur). 

King Minos was horrified and asked Daedalus to build some kind of prison to keep the Minotaur from destroying Crete. So Daedalus built a labyrinth that was so complicated that the Minotaur could not get out. Only Daedalus knew the course of the labyrinth. Minos was afraid that Daedalus would tell the route through the labyrinth, and that he would tell that the Minotaur was the son of Minos' wife, he imprisoned Daedalus and his son Icarus, in a high tower. Daedalus made some wings that he strapped to his and Icarus’ arms and together they escaped from the tower. However, Icarus, forgetting his father’s words, flew too close to the sun, and the wax that held the feathers together melted. Icarus fell into the ocean and drowned. Daedalus landed safely on an island, and in grief, he named the sea that he and Icarus had flown across the Icarian Sea. 


Emergency medical dispatcher

An emergency medical dispatcher is a person who answers telephone calls to the emergency medical services and sends out the ambulances. For each call they much decide if an ambulance is needed and which one should be sent. They also help the caller with their problems until the ambulance arrives.

Santa Cruz, Chile

Santa Cruz is a Chilean commune in the Province of Colchagua, O'Higgins. The town was founded as Santa Cruz de Unco, in an unknown date.

Bircham International University

Bircham International University is an educational institution of higher education. It uses distance education. It offers adult degree programs. It is registered in Spain and Delaware. In the past it operated from the Bahamas or the United Kingdom. It has no recognized educational accreditation in any of these places.

It is a member of the European Foundation for Quality in eLearning. It is also a member of the International Accreditation and Recognition Council, an unrecognized accreditation agency in the United States. Bircham states that it was accredited by the American Association for Higher Education and Accreditation in 2010. This organization is not a recognized accreditation body.


Doc Gallows

Andrew William Hankinson (born December 22, 1983) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Luke Gallows. He is a member of The O.C. (The Original Club) stable. He is also known for his time in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling/Impact Wrestling and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) as Doc Gallows. In NJPW, he was a member of the Bullet Club.

In his first run for WWE from 2005 to 2010, Hankinson was known for various gimmicks: He played an imposter version of Kane in 2006. Then he teamed with Jesse from 2007 to 2009 as Festus, a quiet man who turned insane when the bell rang. In November 2009, he became Luke Gallows, the enforcer and "disciple" of CM Punk in the Straight Edge Society, until his release. After his time in TNA and NJPW, he returned to WWE along with former Bullet Club member Karl Anderson. They joined AJ Styles, who previously was their leader in the Bullet Club. Gallows and Anderson won the Raw Tag Team Championship twice. They were released in 2020, signed a contract with TNA, now called Impact Wrestling, and won the Impact World Tag Team Championship in November. In October 2022, they returned to WWE and reunited with Styles.



Emirates (airline)

Emirates is an airline based in the United Arab Emirates. They are a subsidiary of The Emirates Group. They are the seventh biggest airline in the world, by number of passengers. Emirates Airline is the largest major airline in the Middle East. It is an airline based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It runs more than 2400 passenger flights per week from its hub at Dubai International Airport Terminal 3, to 108 places in 60 countries. It goes to countries on six continents. Emirates is a part of The Emirates Group, which has more than 50,000 employees, and is owned fully by the Government of Dubai directly under the Investment Corporation of Dubai. Cargo activities are done by the Emirates Group's division.

Arsenal, The English Premier League (Barclay's Premier League) is sponsored by the Airline.

Emirates operate the following with cargo and passenger flights;
Abidjan, Accra, Addis Ababa, Algiers, Cairo, Cape Town, Casablanca, Conakry, Dakar, Dar es Salaam, Djibouti (cargo), Durban, Eldoret (cargo), Entebbe, Harare, Johannesburg, Khartoum, Lagos, Lilongwe (cargo), Luanda, Lusaka, Mauritius, Nairobi, Seychelles, Tripoli, Tunis
Boston, Buenos Aires, Campinas (cargo), Chicago (cargo), Dallas/Fort Worth, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, Newark, Orlando, Rio de Janeiro, San Francisco, São Paulo, Seattle, Toronto, Washington–Dulles.

Ahmedabad, Almaty (cargo), Amman, Baghdad, Bahrain, Bangalore, Bangkok, Basra, Beijing, Beirut, Chennai, Chittagong (cargo), Clark, Cochin, Colombo, Dammam, Delhi, Dhahran, Dhaka, Dubai, Erbil, Guangzhou, Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Hong Kong, Hyderabad, Islamabad, Jakarta, Jeddah, Kabul, Karachi, Kolkata, Kozhikode, Kuala Lumpur, Kuwait City, Lahore, Maldives, Manila, Medina, Mumbai, Muscat, Osaka, Peshawar, Phuket, Riyadh, Sana'a, Seoul, Shanghai, Sialkot, Singapore, Taipei, Tehran, Tokyo, Thiruvanathapuram
Amsterdam, Athens, Barcelona, Birmingham, Copenhagen, Dublin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Geneva, Glasgow, Gothenburg (cargo), Hamburg, Istanbul, Kyiv, Larnaca, Lisbon, London, Lyon, Madrid, Malta, Manchester, Milan, Moscow, Munich, Newcastle, Nice, Paris, Prague, Rome, Saint Petersburg, Stockholm, Venice, Vienna, Warsaw, Zaragoza (cargo), Zurich
Adelaide, Auckland, Brisbane, Christchurch, Melbourne, Perth, Sydney

, the Emirates mainline fleet consists of the following widebody aircraft:

As of January 2020, the Emirates Executive fleet consists of the following aircraft:

San Jose State Spartans

San Jose State Spartans is the name of the different sport teams at San Jose State University. The teams compete in the Mountain West Conference (MW) at the NCAA Division I level. (Football Bowl Subdivision which used to be known as Division 1-A for football.) The university has taken part in athletics since its baseball team began in 1890. 

San Jose State University sports teams have won in the NCAA in track and field, cross country running, golf, and boxing. By 2008, SJSU had won 10 NCAA team championships and 50 NCAA Division 1 champions. SJSU also has an international reputation for judo, winning 43 out of 46 collegiate national championships in the sport (by 2008). 

People who once went to SJSU have won 18 Olympic medals (including seven gold medals) since the gold medal won by Willie Steel in track and field in the 1948 Olympics. These people have won medals in swimming, judo and boxing. 

The track team coached by "Bud" Winter earned San Jose the nickname "Speed City," and has included Olympic medalists and social activists Lee Evans, John Carlos and Tommie Smith. Smith and Carlos are remembered for giving the raised fist salute from the medalist's podium during the 1968 Summer Olympic Games in Mexico City.

In 2008 head coaches from the men’s soccer, baseball, women’s gymnastics, and women’s golf programs had all been named the conference “Coach of the Year.” 

As of 2022, San Jose State competes at the Division I level in each of the following sports. Except as noted, all teams compete in the MW.


Mossad

The Mossad (, ) is the national intelligence agency of Israel.
Its full name is Institute for Intelligence and Special Operations ( "HaMossad leModi'in uleTafkidim Meyuchadim", "al-Mūssād li'l-Istikhbārāt wa'l-Mahāmm al-Khāṣṣa"). "Mossad" is a Hebrew word for institute or institution. Its main job is to gather information and perform operations to keep Israel safe from terrorist groups.

The Mossad gathers intelligence information and performs secret operations, which include paramilitary activities.
It is one of the main organizations in the Israeli Intelligence Community, along with Aman (military intelligence) and Shin Bet (internal security), but its director reports to the Prime Minister.

Fiat Idea

The Fiat Idea is a car produced by Fiat from 2003 to 2012.



Fiat Fiorino

The Fiat Fiorino is a car produced by Fiat in three generations since 1977.








DC Shoes

DC Shoes is an American shoe company that was formed in 1993 by Ken Block and Damon Way, the company also manufactures shirts, hats, snowboards, jeans, and jackets.

DC Shoes was bought by Quiksilver in 2004.

Tigger

Tigger is a fictional tiger. He has orange fur with black stripes. He was first written about in A. A. Milne's book "The House at Pooh Corner." He is easily recognized by his beady eyes, long chin, springy tail, and bouncy personality. As he says himself, "Bouncing is what Tiggers do best." Like other Pooh characters, Tigger is based on one of Christopher Robin Milne's stuffed animals.

Brewer, Maine

Brewer is a city in the northern U.S. state of Maine. It is next to Bangor. In 2020, about 9,672 people lived there.

Major Players

The Major Players are a professional wrestling tag team. They currently compete in Impact Wrestling. They were also known for their time in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).

In WWE, they were originally called the Major Brothers and were later renamed Curt Hawkins and Zack Ryder. The team was also called the Edge Heads. They dressed as fans of Edge and helped him during matches. During their time in the WWE, they were two-time WWE Tag Team Champions. On April 15, 2020, the WWE released Cardona and Myers.

Cardona and Myers also host a podcast together called the "The Major Wrestling Figure Podcast" where they talk about wrestling and figures.


Pump action shotgun

A pump action shotgun is a type of shotgun. The shooter pulls back on a handle below the barrel of the shotgun to reload it. It is widely used to hunt birds. Accuracy is low, but it can be fired again quickly.

Jacob Black

Jacob Black is a fictional character in the series of books and movies called "Twilight Saga". In the movies, the character is played by Taylor Lautner. He lives in the U.S. state of Washington. He has a romance with Bella and tries to protect her from the vampires and Edward Cullen the head vampire who is in love with Bella. Jacob can also turn into a wolf.

Living room

A living room is a room in a home. The living room in a home is shared by the people living in the home. In the living room they talk with each other and their guests and do other things such as reading or watching television. The furniture can include a couch, chairs, tables, lamps, a television, curtains and pictures. People may have started using the compound word, living room, in the early twentieth century. 


Winter swimming

Winter swimming is the activity of human swimming during the winter season, typically in outdoor locations, or in unheated pools or lidos. It is done mostly for health benefits. Many winter swimmers swim with standard swimming costumes rather than with wetsuits or other thermal protection.

In colder countries winter swimming may be synonymous with "ice swimming". In Finland, Northern Russia, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia the ice swimming tradition has been connected with the sauna tradition.


Zombieland

Zombieland is a 2009 American adventure comedy horror movie that was produced by Gavin Polone and was the directorial debut for director Ruben Fleischer.

The writers are currently planning a sequel to "Zombieland". The sequel will star the original cast and will be shot in 3-D.

A cowardly shut-in named Columbus (Jesse Eisenberg) is forced to join up with a seasoned zombie slayer named Tallahassee (Woody Harrelson) in order to survive the zombie apocalypse. As Tallahassee sets out on a mission to find the last Twinkie on Earth, the duo meets up with Wichita (Emma Stone) and Little Rock (Abigail Breslin), two young girls who have resorted to some rather unorthodox methods to survive amidst the chaos. Reluctant partners in the battle against the undead, all four soon begin to wonder if it might be better to simply take their chances alone.


The character names for Tallahassee, Columbus, Wichita and Little Rock come from the places they are traveling in the movie.

"Zombieland" received mostly positive reviews of reviewers:


"Zombieland" debuted at #1 at the box office in North America, with ticket sales of $24,733,155 on the opening weekend and is the top-grossing zombie movie in history.


SVD-63

The Dragunov sniper rifle, or the SVD rifle, is a gun that was first made in the Soviet Union. It is used by twenty-six countries.

The Dragunov uses the 7.62 x 54mmR cartridge, with a muzzle velocity (The velocity of bullet leaving the rifle) of over 830 meters per second and has a maximum effective range of 1,300 meters with the scope and 1,200 meters with the iron sights.

The basic design is largely based on the AK-47, an assault rifle.

Alyson Stoner

Alyson Rae Stoner (born August 11, 1993) is an American actress, dancer, singer and former model. She was known for her roles in "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" (as Max), "Cheaper By The Dozen" (as Sarah Baker), and "Step Up" (as Camille Gage)", Phineas and Ferb" (for the voice of Isabella Garcia-Shapiro)", Camp Rock" and "" (as Caitlyn Geller). Stoner is from Toledo,Ohio.

Woody Harrelson

Woodrow Tracy "Woody" Harrelson (born July 23, 1961 in Midland, Texas) is an American actor. 

He made his movie debut in the 1986 movie "Wildcats".

Harrelson's father was Charles Voyde Harrelson. He was a contract killer. He was arrested for the killing of Federal Judge John H. Wood, Jr. by rifle fire in 1979 in San Antonio.

Harrelson is a vegan. He was on postage stamps issued in 2011 as one of PETA's 20 famous vegetarians. He was named PETA's Sexiest Vegetarian in 2012 (along with Jessica Chastain).

He would like the legalization of marijuana and hemp. He is also an environmental activist. Harrelson is a supporter of the 9/11 truth movement. He has supported reopening an investigation into the September 11 terrorist attacks.

In 1985, Harrelson married Nancy Simon, daughter of playwright Neil Simon, in Tijuana. The two meant to divorce the following day, but the storefront marriage/divorce parlor was closed when they had returned to it. The two remained married for ten months.

On December 28, 2008, Harrelson married Laura Louie, his girlfriend since 1987. The couple have three daughters, Deni Montana (born February 28, 1993), Zoe Giordano (born September 22, 1996), and Makani Ravello (born June 3, 2006). Laura is his former assistant. She is a co-founder of Yoganics, an organic food delivery service.

Harrelson was arrested in Columbus, Ohio in 1982 for disorderly conduct. He was found dancing in the middle of the street. He was also charged with resisting arrest after he ran from the police and assault after he hit one of the officers. Harrelson avoided jail time by paying a $390 fine.

On June 1, 1996, Harrelson was arrested in Lee County, Kentucky. He symbolically planted four hemp seeds. This was to challenge the state law which did not distinguish between industrial hemp and marijuana. Harrelson was acquitted of these charges in 2000.

In 2002, Harrelson was arrested in London after an incident in a taxi that ended in a police chase. Harrelson was taken to a London police station and later released on bail. The case was later dismissed after Harrelson paid the taxi driver involved in the incident £550 ($844).

In 2008, TMZ photographer Josh Levine filed a lawsuit against Harrelson. It was for an alleged attack outside a Hollywood nightclub in 2006. A video of the incident appeared to show Harrelson grabbing a camera and clashing with the photographer. Los Angeles prosecutors would not press charges against the actor. Levine filed a lawsuit asking for $2.5 million in damages. The case was dismissed in April 2010.

He has won multiple awards including:

Death at a Funeral (2010 movie)

Death at a Funeral is a 2010 comedy movie which was produced by Sidney Kimmel, William Hordberg, Chris Rock, Share Stallings and Laurence Malkin and was directed by Neil LaBute.

It is a remake of the original 2007 "Death at a Funeral".



Persian cat

The Persian is a cat from Persia (now Iran). It is one of the oldest breeds of domesticated cats. It has a long and rich history that can be traced back to ancient Persia. The first documented reference to the Persian cat was in a book written by an Islamic scholar named Ibn Al-Nafis in 1258 AD. He described them as a longhaired cat that the royal family kept in Persia.

Persian cat are called Longhair or Persian Longhair in Britain. It was made by English breeders and the American ones after the Second World War. Because of very careful breeding, it has gotten a really flat face and many different colors. While most cat fanciers love the flat faced Persian, this brings along many illnesses. The public likes the traditional faced Persian more than the flat faced one. They can get polycystic kidney disease easily.

The gentle and easy-going nature of the Persian makes it very easy to live in apartments with this cat. While it is the top cat in the United States, its popularity has decreased in France and the United Kingdom.

Persian cats are not an ordinary cat, they can barely live outside in the wild.

Botanical garden

A **botanical garden** is generally a well kept garden/park which contains many different kinds of plants labeled with their botanical names. They can contain :3 collections of special types of plants, such as cacti, herb gardens, plants of certain parts of the world🧫. Some of these collections need to be kept in greenhouses, such as tropical plants, alpine plants or other exotic plants.

In botanic gardens, seeds or cuttings are collected from species in the wild and then used to build up a population of plants from which, one day, some plants may be reintroduced to their natural habitats. Tissue culture can often help to produce many plants from just a few specimens.

Botanical gardens employ professional botanists. Botanists make sure the information given about plants is correct, and also they do research.


Butt plug

A butt plug is a sex toy, which can be inserted into the anus or rectum. Butt plugs are similar to dildos, but they are designed so they cannot get stuck inside the rectum or anus. 

Padang

Padang is the capital city of the Indonesian province of West Sumatra, and the largest city on the western coast of Sumatra.

Australian Grand Prix

The Australian Grand Prix is a motorsport race contested by cars in the Formula One section. The race was first held in Adelaide before moving to Melbourne in 1996.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

As of the 2018 edition, four-time World Drivers' Champion Alain Prost remains the only driver to win the race in both World Championship and domestic formats, winning the Australian Drivers' Championship 1982 race before winning in Adelaide in 1986 and 1988.

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Between 1997-2003 built by Ilmor

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Between 1968-1993 designed and built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
2021 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic and was replaced by the Qatar Grand Prix 2022 Charles Leclerc Ferrari 2023 Max Verstappen Red Bull-Honda RBPT 

Eschatology

Eschatology is the part of theology that is concerned with what are believed to be the last events in history. It also looks at the destiny of humanity as a whole. Believers may call it the "end of the world" or "end times". 

Eschatologies vary in optimism or pessimism about the future. In some eschatologies, conditions are better for some and worse for others, e.g. "heaven and hell". They also vary as to time frames. Groups claiming imminent (soon to come) eschatology are often called doomsday cults.



SEAT Altea

The SEAT Altea is a car produced by SEAT from 2004 to 2015, it was a 5-door compact MPV which gained a larger XL version in late 2006 with the Freetrack appearing a year later in 2007 as SEAT's first SUV, in 2015 after 11 years of production, the Altea was discontinued and was not replaced with another generation. It was indirectly replaced with the Ateca SUV in 2016. 



SEAT Córdoba

The SEAT Córdoba is a car produced by SEAT in two generations from 1993 until 2009.





SEAT León

The SEAT León is a 5-door hatchback car built by SEAT in four generations since 1999.

The first generation was launched in 1999

The second generation was launched in 2005, In 2009 it was improved on the outside and inside

The third generation was launched in 2012, In 2017 it was improved on the outside and inside

The fourth generation was launched in 2020.

List of governors of California

This is a list of governors of the US state of California.

Notes

Malaysian Grand Prix

The Malaysian Grand Prix is a yearly motor race which takes place in the Sepang International Circuit, near to Kuala Lumpur. Sepang was designed by race track designer, Hermann Tilke, who has designed many new tracks for Formula One. The first Formula 1 race was in 1999, which was won by Eddie Irvine, who drove for the Ferrari team. 
Active drivers are in bold.
"Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

Active constructors are in bold.
"Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

"Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

Alfa Romeo 155

The Alfa Romeo 155 was a car produced by Alfa Romeo. It replaced the 75 in early 1992 and was facelifted in early 1995. It was succeeded by the Alfa Romeo 156 in late 1997.



Fragments (movie)

Fragments or Winged Creatures is a 2008 crime-drama movie. It is about a group of people dealing with life after a man walks into a deli and shoots one of the main character's father. "Fragments" stars Dakota Fanning and Kate Beckinsale along with Forest Whittaker.

Chinese Grand Prix

The Chinese Grand Prix is a grand Prix race for Formula One.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
All Chinese Grands Prix have been held at Shanghai International Circuit.

2020 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2021 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2022 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2023 Cancelled due to COVID-19 concerns

Audi A2

The Audi A2 was a 5-door hatchback automobile produced by Audi from 1999 until 2005. The car was made from aluminium which made it light and economical but was expensive to produce, and demand for it fell later in its life, only one generation was made and had an indirect successor in 2010 with the A1. 



Volkswagen Golf Mk4

The Volkswagen Golf Mk4 is the fourth generation of the compact car Volkswagen Golf. It successed the Mk3 in 1997, and were in 2003 successed by the Mk5, but the Golf Variant continues until 2006. The platform of the Mk4 Golf were also used for the New Beetle and the Bora.



Volkswagen Golf Mk3

The Volkswagen Golf Mk3 is the third generation of the compact car Volkswagen Golf. It replaced the Mk2 in late 1991 with UK sales starting in February 1992 and in late 1997 was replaced by the Mk4, this was the first Golf to feature an estate model called the Golf Variant which launched in late 1993 and continued until 1999, the Golf Cabriolet continues until 2002. The platform of the Mk3 Golf were also used for the Vento.



Frederick Russell Burnham

Frederick Russell Burnham (May 11, 1861 – September 1, 1947) was an American scout. He travelled the world and had many adventures. He served to the British Army in colonial Africa and for taught scouting to Robert Baden-Powell, the founder of the boy scouts.

Burnham attended high school but never graduated. When he was 14 he began his working as a scout and tracker for the U.S. Army. As an adult Burnham went to Africa where this background proved useful. He soon became an officer in the British Army and fought in several battles there. During this time Burnham became friends with Baden-Powell and taught him both his outdoor skills and his spirit for what became known as Scouting.

Burnham eventually became involved in espionage, oil, conservation, writing and business. His descendants are still active in Scouting.


Volkswagen Golf Mk5

The Volkswagen Golf Mk5 is the fifth generation of the compact car Volkswagen Golf. It succeeded the Mk4 in 2003 and was succeeded by the Mk6 in 2008. The Golf Variant and the Golf Plus continued until 2009. The platform of the Mk5 Golf was also used for the Touran and the Eos.



OS/2

OS/2 is an operating system that was originally made by a joint agreement between the Microsoft and IBM companies. The name stands for "Operating System/2". It was intended to replace MS-DOS and Microsoft Windows. OS/2 was maintained by IBM until 2006. 

IBM discontinued its support for OS/2 on 31 December 2006. Since then, it has been updated, maintained and marketed under the name eComStation. In 2015 it was announced that a new OEM distribution of OS/2 would be released that was to be called ArcaOS.

Puffin

Puffins are sea birds that can fly and swim. These squat birds live in the cold sea of the northern Arctic Ocean. In the breeding season they move to the coast, where they dig burrows on cliffs and make a nest in the burrow.

Puffins have thick, waterproof feathers that protect them from the cold. They have webbed feet that help them swim. They hunt for fish underwater and can hold several fish in their large beaks. Their beak is triangular when seen from the side and narrow when viewed from the front. In breeding season, the beak becomes brightly colored. In the air, they beat their relatively small wings very fast (up to 400 times in a minute).

Dance Flick

Dance Flick is a dark comedy spoof movie by the Wayans Brothers. It is a parody of dance movies, mainly "Save the Last Dance" and "You Got Served". 

Thomas, a dark-skinned breakdancer, loses a dance battle with his crew, but owing money to the fat gangster Sugar Bear. Meanwhile, Megan, a light-skinned former dancer changes her school. In her new school she is nearly the only white girl. She soon becomes a friend of Charity, the sister of Thomas. One day, Megan, Charity, Thomas and Thomas' crew member A-Con go to "Club Violence", where Thomas realises that Megan loves dancing. He wants to teach her dancing and they fall in love. But nobody wants to see a light-skinned and a dark-skinned in love.

Quickstep

The Quickstep is an International Style ballroom dance that follows a 4/4 time beat, at about 50 bars per minute. From its early beginning as a faster Foxtrot, the Quickstep has become quite different. It is danced to the fastest tempo of the ballroom dances.

The Quickstep developed in the 1920s from a combination of the Foxtrot, the Charleston, and other dances. The dance is English in origin, and was standardized in 1927. Although it came from the Foxtrot, the Quickstep now is quite separate. Unlike the modern Foxtrot, the feet often close and syncopated (split-beat) steps occur often. Three characteristic dance figures of the Quickstep are the "chassés", where the feet come together, the "quarter turns", and the "lock step".

This dance became a very dynamic one with a lot of movement on the dance floor, with many advanced patterns including hops, runs, quick steps with a lot of momentum, and rotation. The tempo of Quickstep dance is rather brisk as it was developed to ragtime era jazz music which was fast-paced compared to other dance music.

Today the complexity of Quickstep as done by competition dancers has increased. They use more syncopated steps. While in older times quickstep patterns were counted with "quick" (one beat) and "slow" (two beats) steps, many advanced patterns today are cued with split beats, such as "quick-and-quick-and-quick, quick, slow", with there being further steps on the 'and's. 


Waltz

Waltz may mean:



Steve Passmore

Steve Passmore (born January 29, 1973 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He was drafted by the Quebec Nordiques as their ninth-round pick in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft.

Passmore has spent most of his career in the AHL and as a backup goaltender in the NHL. During the 2004–05 NHL lockout he played for the Mannheim Eagles in the German ice hockey league, and in November 2005 he signed with Jokerit in the Finnish SM-liiga to replace Karl Goehring, but was eventually replaced by Tom Askey. In January 2007 he was signed by HCJ Milano Vipers in the Italian Serie A. Passmore is currently the goaltender coach for the Kamloops Blazers.

Waltz (International)

The Waltz is one of the five international ballroom dances in the Modern or Standard style. It is danced socially, and in ballroom competitions. Like its older brother, the Viennese waltz, this dance originated in Vienna, but was greatly modified by English dance teachers in the 1920s. That is why it is sometimes called the English waltz. Other names are the diagonal waltz, the international waltz, and the slow waltz.

Music for the waltz should be in 3/4 time, and played at 29 to 34 bars per minute. The accent is on the first beat of each bar. For beginners it is a simple dance compared to some others. At competitive level it is much more demanding. It features whisks, chassés, spins, hesitations, drags, and split-beat steps, many of which have been copied in other dances. The first 'advanced' figure to be invented was the double reverse spin, by Maxwell Stewart in the 1924 World Championship. Nowadays it is taught at the silver medal stage.

The Arrogant Worms

The Arrogant Worms are a Canadian musical comedy trio that parodies many musical genres. They have played in not just Canada, but also in the United States and Australia as well.


Turkish Grand Prix

The Turkish Grand Prix is a grand prix hold in Turkey. Formula One raced at Turkey from 2005 onwards. After 2011 it was dropped from the calendar. The only race track to host a Turkish Grand Prix is Istanbul Park. The track is famous for its high speed "Turn 8".

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Ilmor in 2005

All Turkish Grands Prix were held at Istanbul Park.

Arn Anderson

Martin Anthony Lunde (born September 20, 1958, in Rome, Georgia) better known by his ring name, Arn Anderson, is a retired American professional wrestler that is best known for wrestling for NWA and WCW under the ring name Arn Anderson. He is a one-time WWF Tag Team Championship, three-time WCW World Tag Team Championship and two-time WCW World Television Championship.

His was nicknamed ""The Enforcer".

Absolut Vodka

Absolut Vodka is a brand of Vodka that was first made in 1879 and originally made in Sweden. It is owned by the French company Pernod Ricard Holding Company. It openly embraces the gay community and is official sponsor of the GLAAD Media Awards. It is the third largest alcoholic spirts company in the world.


Naveed (album)

Naveed is the first studio album by Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace. It was released on March 22, 1994. The producer of the album was Arnold Lanni.


Clumsy (album)

Clumsy is the second studio album by Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace. It was released on January 23, 1997. The producer of the album was Arnold Lanni. It sold over 1,000,000 copies making it diamond status in Canada. It peaked #33 on The Top 102 New Rock Albums of All Time by 102.1 The Edge in 2009.


Happiness... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch

Happiness... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch is the third studio album by Canadian rock group Our Lady Peace. It was released on September 21, 1999. The producer of the album was Arnold Lanni. It peaked at #2 on the Canadian Albums Chart.


Tracking (education)

Tracking is the method of placing students according to their ability level in classes of similar ability or learning experiences. Students of different abilities (low, middle, and high) are assigned to different "tracks" of courses and programs: vocational, general, college-bound, honors, or advanced. Tracking is the term given to this process, and while some teachers believe that tracking makes instruction more manageable, others believe that it is a terribly flawed system. Once a student is placed, it may be very difficult to move from one track to another. The placements may reflect racism, classism, or sexism. Many educators charge that the United States relies more on tracking than any other nation in the world. Most schools today work hard to avoid using the term "tracking." Middle and high schools are taking their cue from elementary schools, where the term "ability grouping" has been in favor. Ability grouping sorts students based on capability, but the groupings may well vary by subject. While tracks suggest permanence, ability grouping is more transitory. One year, a student might find herself in a high-ability math group and a low-ability English group. The following year, that same student might be reassigned to a new set of groups. School tracking is a reality functioning under an assumed identity called ability grouping.

Besides tracking, another way to deal with diversity is to integrate students of different ability levels together in small working groups. Cooperative learning gives students a sense of pride for both their individual performance and that of the group. The students begin to take responsibility for their learning rather than on the teacher. Cooperative learning allows higher achievement in many students and has eased tensions in multicultural classrooms as students learn to work together.

Declaration of Montreal

The Declaration of Montreal on Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Human Rights is a document for human rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people as well as intersex people adopted at an international meeting held in Montreal on 29 July 2006.

Among more than 1500 speaker at the meeting, there was Louise Arbour, who was a president of United Nation working for human rights of all over the world. This Declaration was submitted to United Nation after the meeting.

The goal of this Declaration is to tell about violence and discrimination against LGBT people and to insist that LGBT have the same rights as other members of society, including care and prevention of AIDS, same-sex marriage and medical care to transgender and their permission on gender status by the law. And also affirms that the intersex must be protected from surgery without their full agreement.

And further the Declaration demands United Nations and all countries to recognize May 17 as the International Day Against Homophobia.

This declaration has(along with the 1996 "International Bill of Gender Rights") become the origin of the Yogyakarta Principles.



Basshunter

Basshunter, also stylised as BassHunter (real name: Jonas Erik Altberg; born 22 December 1984 in Halmstad) is a Swedish singer, record producer and DJ.

He recorded six studio albums: "The Bassmachine" (2004), "LOL <(^^,)>" (2006), "The Old Shit" (2006), "Now You're Gone – The Album" (2008), "Bass Generation" (2009) and "Calling Time" (2013). In addition to his own music, he has written and produced for other artists. He also competed in the seventh edition of British "Celebrity Big Brother", the Swedish "Fångarna på fortet" and the British "Weakest Link" in 2010.

He won awards such as the European Border Breakers Award, the Grammi award for Best Ringtone of the Year in 2006, and the World Music Award. He was also nominated for the BT Digital Music Awards, MTV Europe Music Awards, and Rockbjörnen.

He has Tourette's syndrome.

Studio albums


James Yun

James Carson Yun (born May 13, 1981 in Hollywood, California), best known for wrestling in the WWE under the ring name Jimmy Wang Yang. He also wrestled for World Championship Wrestling when he was one of the Jung Dragons and was known as Yang and also wrestled for TNA Wrestling. He is currently wrestling in the independent circuit.


Lindsey Vonn

Lindsey Vonn (born on 18 October 1984 in Minnesota, USA) is an American athlete who competes in alpine skiing. She has won four Overall World Cup titles in the Audi Alpine Ski World Cup, three Downhill (an event that is won not by technicality, but speed, aptly named a 'speed event'), two Super-G (Short for Super Giant Slalom- also a speed event, but with more turns), and one Combined title ( one Downhill or Super-G run, and one Slalom run). These titles were won in the 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2012 World Cup Seasons. 

Lindsey is also an Olympic gold medalist in Downhill and a bronze medalist in the Super-G, as of the 2010 Winter Olympic Games. Lindsey has also won two World Championship gold medals, both in 2009, and two silver medals, in 2007. Along with 33 World Cup victories, and eight World Cup Globes, Lindsey is said to be the best female US Ski Racer in history, and the best alpine racer in the history of the US Ski Team. 

Lindsey Vonn has won various awards for her performance as a skier, including two ESPY Awards in 2010 for "Best Female Athlete" and "Best US Female Olympic Athlete". The "Best Female Athlete" ESPY is the highest individual award for a female athlete.

Her endorsements include that of Red Bull, Head Equipment, Uvex Goggles, Under Armour, Alka-Seltzer, Procter & Gamble, and Rolex. Lindsey is a Member of the US Ski Team and has been on the World Cup Circuit since December 21, 2000. 

She married former skier and fellow 2002 Olympian Thomas Vonn on September 29, 2007. On November 27, 2011, Lindsey and Thomas Vonn began divorce proceedings.

Gregory Helms

Gregory Shane Helms (born July 12, 1974 in Smithfield, North Carolina), is an American professional wrestler. Helms is best known for working with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) where he worked under the ring names The Hurricane and Gregory Helms. He was also known for working with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) where he wrestled under the ring name "Sugar" Shane Helms.

He is a one-time WWF European Champion, two-time WWE Cruiserweight Champion, two-time WWE World Tag Team Champion - with Kane and with Rosey and one-time WWF Hardcore Champion.


Natalya (wrestler)

Natalie Katherine Neidhart-Wilson (born May 27, 1982 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian female professional wrestler. She is currently signed to the WWE. She competes on the Raw brand under the ring name Natalya. Neidhart has been working for WWE since 2007, longer than any other current female WWE wrestler. 

She is a third generation superstar, her parents are former professional wrestler Jim "The Anvil" Neidhart and Ellie Hart, the daughter of Stu Hart. In June 2013, Neidhart married long time boyfriend and retired professional wrestler Tyson Kidd. She appeared on the reality television show Total Divas where she was a part of the main cast.



Godsmack

Godsmack is a hard rock/metal music band from Boston, Massachusetts. They did some music for wrestlers in the World Wrestling Entertainment business. In 1997 they released "All Wound Up". They are under Universal's contract. Godsmack has played at Ozzfest. Just this year they released their 5th full album called, "The Oracle". They also have a released copy of their greatest hits album, called "10 years of Godsmack". They have won four Grammy Awards.


Monsieur Pierre

Monsieur Pierre, or simply Pierre, was the professional name of Pierre Jean Phillipe Zurcher-Margolle, (born Toulon, France – London, 1963). Pierre was a professional dancer and dance teacher; he was a Fellow, Examiner and committee member of the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing (ISTD) and a Member of the Official Board of Ballroom Dancing (OBBD).

Pierre was the main person responsible for introducing the Latin American dances to England. He set them up for use in competitions and in social dance. The system he and his colleagues developed became the basis for all Latin American competitions held under the World Dance Council (WDC).

After World War I ended in 1918 he started on a career as a professional ballroom dancer in London. Although he spent the rest of his life resident in London, Pierre never gave up his French citizenship.

The rhythms which make Latin American dance popular were brought to Britain between the two World Wars. Pierre was already an accomplished dancer and teacher in the English ballroom style. In Latin dances, his repertoire first consisted of the Argentine tango, the Paso doble and the Samba.

By the 1930s Pierre had moved more towards the Latin American dances, and in 1934 his full-page trade adverts featured the rumba. The studio stayed open all through World War II, and was a popular meeting place for the Free French fighters on leave in London. Pierre's studio always played authentic music for its LA dance instruction.

Originally, Pierre had visited Paris to find out how their dancers and teachers dealt with the rumba. But after the war, in 1947, Pierre visited Cuba, where he discovered to his surprise that the Cubans danced it differently. When he was there, he danced at the "acadamias" every night. After this he returned to London determined to teach the Cuban rumba, "sistema cubano". To this end, Pierre wrote the first account of his ideas on the rumba as a dance.

One of the characteristics of Cuban dance to the "Son", and other similar rhythms, was, and still is, their method of taking three steps to four beats of music (whether 2/4 or 4/4). The Cuban rumba figure starts on beat 2, counting (pause) 2, 3, 4-1 as (pause) quick, quick, slow with the hip settling over the standing foot on 4-1. 

All social dances in Cuba involve a hip-sway over the standing leg and, though this is scarcely noticeable in fast salsa, it is more pronounced in the slow ballroom rumba. In general, steps are kept compact and the dance is without any rise and fall. The argument in favour of this method was authenticity, and also satisfaction at the dance effect the Cuban style achieved. 

The Latin and American section of the ISTD Ballroom Branch was formed in 1947 by Monsieur Pierre as Chairman. The syllabus finally agreed in 1955 has been the foundation of teaching and competition in the Latin American dances ever since. This work naturally included the Samba, Paso doble and Jive as well. After further visits to Cuba in the early 1950s, when Doris Lavelle and James Arnell accompanied Pierre, the Cha-cha-cha was added to make the five Latin American dances which are still the basis of teaching and competition today.

On Pierre's death in 1963, his colleague Doris Nichols commented:
"The Latin American dancing world was so influenced, fostered and built up by him that the names of 'Pierre' and 'Latin American' became virtually synonymous".

Nazirite

In the Bible, a Nazarite is a person who follows certain rules from God. Someone becomes a Nazarite by making certain vows, or promises to the Lord. Nazarites must not eat anything made from grapes, including wine, nor get a haircut. The word comes from the Hebrew word nazir meaning "consecrated" or "separated". 


Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing

The Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing (ISTD) is a leading dance teaching and examination board. Based in London, it operates internationally. Established on 25 July 1904, it is now a registered educational charity. The ISTD provides training in a range of dance styles, with examination syllabi for students, and training courses for people wishing to become certified dance teachers. ISTD is a corporate member of the British Dance Council.

Its main work is divided into two boards, one for Theatre dance (including ballet), and one for Ballroom dance (including Latin American dance).


Arthur Murray

Arthur Murray (born Moses Teichman, April 4, 1895 – March 3, 1991) was an American dance instructor and businessman, whose name is most often associated with the dance studio chain which bears his name.

Arthur Murray was born in Galicia, Austria-Hungary, in 1895 as Moses Teichman. In August 1897, he was brought to America by his mother Sarah on the S.S. Friesland, and landed at Ellis Island. They settled in Ludlow Street, in the Lower East Side of Manhattan with his father, Abraham Teichmann.

In 1912, at the age of 17, he taught dance at night while working as a draftsman by day. He studied under the popular dance team of Vernon and Irene Castle and went to work for them.

Murray won his first dance contest at the Grand Central Palace, a public dance hall. He later became a part-time dance teacher there, after graduation from high school. The first prize had been a silver cup, but Murray went home with nothing to show for his win. His partner of the evening took it; it was destined for a pawnshop. This loss made an impression on Murray, and in later years every winner in his dance contests took home a prize.


Occupational safety and health

Occupational Safety and Health is a set of laws that have been made to protect the health and the safety of people when they are working. Health and safety rules will vary a lot from one country to another. Some countries have very strict rules. Rules about Health and Safety have been made since 1950 when the International Labour Organization (ILO) and the World Health Organization (WHO) agreed about standards of health in the workplace.

Health and safety laws will deal with such things as: the temperature in the workplace (it must not be too hot or too cold), things on the floor that people could fall over, or things that could catch on their clothing and cause an accident, smoking in the workplace and other things that might cause pollution or which might be fire hazards, how many toilets per person there should be, whether they need safety equipment (e.g. hard hats in case anything falls on their heads), whether it is safe for a person to be left alone in the workplace, the rights of disabled people, how many hours in the day people can work for etc.

Businesses that do not obey health and safety regulations may be punished (e.g. with a fine or forced to close), or they may be held responsible if there is an accident.

In the European Union, member states have authorities which make sure that people obey the health and safety laws. In the UK, health and safety legislation is made by the Health and Safety Executive and local authorities (the local council) under the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974.

In the United States, the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 created both the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA).

No one can ever be said to be absolutely safe, and employers have to fill in “risk assessments” (UK) or “hazard assessments” (USA) to show they have done everything they can to make things safe.



The Three Caballeros

The Three Caballeros is a 1944 animated movie produced by Walt Disney Productions and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. The movie premiered in Mexico City on December 12, 1944. The 7th animated movie in the Disney animated features canon, it shows an adventure through parts of Latin America, combining live-action and animation. This is the second of the Disney package movies of the 1940s.

The movie is made up as a series of self-contained segments, strung together by the device of Donald Duck opening birthday gifts from his Latin American friends. Several Latin American stars of the movie's time appear, including singers Aurora Miranda (sister of Carmen Miranda) and Dora Luz, as well as dancer Carmen Molina. It again starred Donald Duck, who in the course of the movie is joined by old friend José Carioca, the cigar-smoking parrot from "Saludos Amigos" (1943) representing Brazil, and later makes a new friend, a rooster, Panchito Pistoles, representing Mexico.

The music of the Mexican part of the movie was written by Mexican composer Manuel Esperon, who wrote the score for over 540 Mexican movies in the Golden Age of Mexican Cinema. Walt Disney, after having seen his success in the Mexican movie industry, called him personally to ask him to participate in the movie. The main song for the Mexican part is "Ay Jalisco, No Te Rajes!", one of Esperon's most famous songs. The movie received two Academy Award nominations for Original Music Score and Best Sound.

It is Donald Duck's birthday. He receives three presents. The first present is a movie projector, which shows him a documentary on birds. The next present is a book given to Donald by Jose Carioca himself. This book takes them to Bahia. The third present is a piñata given to Donald by Panchito Pistoles. In the piñata, there are many surprises. The celebration ends with Donald Duck being fired away by firecrackers in the shape of a bull (the firecrackers are lit by Jose with his cigar).

Throughout the movie, we see a voiceless character called the Aracuan Bird at random moments. He usually bothers everyone, sometimes stealing Jose's cigar. His most famous gag is when he re-routes the train by drawing new tracks. He returns three years later in Disney's "Melody Time".




Protocarnivorous plant

A protocarnivorous plant is a plant that traps small animals (usually insects and arthropods) much like carnivorous plants do. Unlike carnivorous plants, these plants cannot get the nutritients from the trapped prey, though. The mechanisms of trapping are very similar to those developed by carnivorous plants. The problem is also one of definitions, as people do not agree what makes a "carnivorous plant".

Nomar Garciaparra

Nomar Garciaparra is a retired baseball shortstop who played for the Boston Red Sox for awhile then went to the Los Angeles Dodgers and then retired after a day in a minor league game.

Perez Hilton

Mario Armando Lavandeira, Jr. (born March 23, 1978), known as Perez Hilton, is an American blogger and television presenter. He writes and gossips about musicians, actors and celebrities. His name is a play on the name "Paris Hilton".

Hilton was born in Miami to Cuban parents.

He was a housemate in the January 2015 series of Celebrity Big Brother (UK).

Hilton is openly gay.

Hilton is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election.


Hook-handed man

Fernald Widdershins, or the Hook-handed Man is a villain and antihero from "A Series of Unfortunate Events", a series of children's books written by Lemony Snicket. He is part of Count Olaf's acting group, and he has hooks on both of his hands. He is first seen in "The Bad Beginning" and last seen in "The Grim Grotto". He is Captain Widdershins' stepson and has a sister called Fiona.

Los Santos

Los Santos could refer to: 



Los Santos Province

Los Santos is a province of Panama. The capital city is Las Tablas, which is famous for its carnivals.

Andy Dick

Andrew Dick (born December 21, 1965) is an American actor and comedian. He has also acted in movies and television. He caused many scandals and stirred a lot of controversies.

In a 2006 interview with the Washington Post, he stated that he is bisexual.

Ahmed Johnson

Anthony "Tony" Norris (born June 6, 1963), better known by his ring name, Ahmed Johnson, is an American former professional wrestler. He is best known for his career in the World Wrestling Federation. He wrestled for them from October 1995 to February 1998. He is a one time Intercontinental Champion. Johnson is the first African American to ever be the IC champion. He was also the winner of the WWF's first Kuwait International Tournament in 1996. He defeated Hunter Hearst Helmsley (Triple H) in the final match of the tournament.

Rikishi (wrestler)

Solofa Fatu Jr.(born October 11, 1965) is an American pro wrestler, best known under the ring name Rikishi. He is known by his work in World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment. 

Fatu is a member of the huge Samoan Anoa'i wrestling family and the nephew of the Wild Samoans, Afa and Sika, who trained him in the 1980s. He is the brother of the late Eddie Fatu, better known as Umaga, and The Tonga Kid, who was part of The Islanders, a tag team with Haku in the WWF. Fatu teamed with his cousin Samu, the son of Afa, as The Samoan Swat Team. The Swat Team wrestled mainly in the south, winning titles in the World Class Wrestling Association in Dallas. The team later worked for the World Wrestling Federation as the Headshrinkers before Fatu went on a singles career. Three of his sons now wrestle in WWE: His twin sons Jonathan and Joshua are famous as Jimmy and Jey Uso, together known as The Usos, while their younger brother Joseph is wrestling under the ring name Solo Sikoa.

On March 28, 2015, he was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by his sons Jimmy and Jey Uso.



Cryme Tyme

Cryme Tyme was a professional wrestling tag team that was signed to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and wrestled on their SmackDown brand. The team wrestled together for 4 years until they broke up on April 2, 2010. The team consisted of Shad Gaspard and JTG. They were a parody of gangstas.

In 2014, they reunited on the independent circuit. They teamed until 2020. On May 17, 2020, Gaspard drowned while he saving his son. Shad was given the Warrior Award at the WWE Hall of Fame in 2022.



Road Dogg

Brian James (born March 20, 1969) is an American pro wrestler currently working for the WWE as a commentator on the web series "Are You Serious?" and as an agent. James is also known for his work in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, but perhaps best known for his work with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) as "The Road Dogg" Jesse James or just Road Dogg. He is a former member of D-Generation X and the tag team partner of Billy Gunn, with whom he made the New Age Outlaws in the WWF and The James Gang and Voodoo Kin Mafia in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). In the WWF, James is a one time Intercontinental Champion, a one time Hardcore Champion, and a five time Tag Team Champion with Billy Gunn. In TNA, he is a two time NWA World Tag Team Champion with Konnan and Ron Killings. James is also a one time world heavyweight champion after becoming the first-ever WWA World Heavyweight Champion in 2002.

Epic Movie

Epic Movie is a 2007 American parody movie directed and written by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer. It was made by Paul Schiff. It was made in a similar style to "Date Movie", Friedberg and Seltzer's movie before they made this one. The movie mostly references "" and Tim Burton's version of "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory".

"Epic Movie" started at number 1 at the box office. It made $18.6 million over the first weekend. As of May 8, 2007 the movie made $86,865,564 and received generally negative reviews.


Keloid

A keloid is a type of scar that can form where somebody has an injury. Keloids are tough and get larger over time, not going away. They can become as big as 30 centimeters long. They are shaped irregularly, rising high above the skin.


Coconut cake

A coconut cake is a kind of butter cake made mostly in the southern United States. It has four layers of coconut flavored butter cake, sandwiched together with lemon curd. Layer cakes are usually decorated with frosting, and so most coconut cakes have frosting on them. There are 330 calories in a slice of the Coconut Cake.

The coconut flavor comes from the coconut cream between the layers of the cake. Coconut cream is made from the liquid that is on the surface of coconut milk. Sweetened coconut is also sprinkled over the whole cake as a last touch.

Matt Sydal

Matthew Joseph Korklan (born March 19, 1983 in St. Louis, Missouri), is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and wrestles under the name Matt Sydal. He is also known for his time working with the WWE where he competed under the ring name Evan Bourne. He also wrestled for TNA Wrestling from 2004 to 2005.

He won a Slammy Award in 2008 for Best Finishing Maneuver (Air Borne (Shooting Star Press)).

On June 12, 2014, Bourne was released from his WWE contract.


Honda Racing F1

Honda Racing F1, was a Formula One motor racing team and constructor. Honda F1 originally started in 1964 and were in F1 until 1968 when after the death of one of their drivers, Honda decided to leave Formula 1. Then, in 2006 Honda bought British American Racing to who it already supplied Honda engines. With the partnership of former Ferrari driver Rubens Barrichello and former BAR driver Jenson Button, the 'new' Honda F1 team won its first, and only, race in 2006 when Jenson Button won the 2006 Hungarian Grand Prix. Then in 2008 due to the recession, Honda announced they would leave F1. Not too long after, Ross Brawn bought out the team and renamed it Brawn GP, and ran the team in the 2009 season. 

Tyrrell Racing → British American Racing → Honda Racing F1 → Brawn GP → Mercedes GP

Emma Stone

Emily Jean "Emma" Stone (born November 6, 1988) is an American actress. Her first movie was the 2007 teen comedy Superbad. Stone has won two Academy Awards, two British Academy Film Awards, and two Golden Globe Awards for her roles in "La La Land" and "Poor Things".

She was ranked #1 on Saturday Night Magazine's Top 20 Rising Stars Under 30. Stone won a Young Hollywood Award in 2008 for Exciting New Face in Superbad and was nominated in 2009 by the Detroit Film Critics Society for Best Ensemble in Zombieland and nominated again in 2010 for the Teen Choice Award's "Choice Movie Actress: Comedy" for Zombieland. She was nominated for the Orange Rising Star Award in 2011. In 2012, she won the People's Choice Award for "Favorite Movie Actress".

She attended Xavier College Preparatory which is an all-girls school and stayed there for one semester and moved to Los Angeles at fifteen years old.

In 2011, Stone began her relationship with Andrew Garfield. In 2015, Stone and Garfield split up.

In 2020, she married comedian and writer Dave McCary. They have one daughter.





Rick Pitino

Rick Pitino (born September 18, 1952 in New York City, New York) is the coach of the University of Louisville's basketball team. He used to coach the New York Knicks and the Boston Celtics.

 

Ben Coates

Ben Coates (born August 16, 1969 in Greenwood, South Carolina) is an American former professional football tight end. He played a total of 10 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the New England Patriots and Baltimore Ravens. He won Super Bowl XXXV with the Ravens in 2000.Coates was inducted into the New England Patriots Hall of Fame in 2008. 

The Royal Ballet

The Royal Ballet is an internationally renowned classical ballet company, based at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, London. It is the largest of the three major ballet companies in Great Britain. 

The Royal Ballet was founded from what was the Vic-Wells Ballet, a company founded in 1931 by Dame Ninette de Valois and Lilian Baylis. It became the resident ballet company of the Royal Opera House in 1946, and was granted a Royal Charter in 1956. It is recognised as Britain's flagship national ballet company. 

The Royal Ballet employs about 100 dancers and has purpose built facilities in the Royal Opera House. The official school of the company is the Royal Ballet School, and The Royal Birmingham Ballet is an associate company. The "prima ballerina assoluta" of the Royal Ballet is the late Dame Margot Fonteyn.

The Royal Ballet's Principal Dancers come from all over the world. The leading male dancer at the moment is the Cuban Carlos Acosta. One of the leading ballerinas is Alina Cojocaru, a dancer of Romanian origin who was trained at the Mariinsky Ballet School.

Money in the Bank (2010)

Wwe TLC (2016) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which took place on Sunday,December,19,2016 at the Sprint Center in Kansas City, Missouri. The event was subsequently re-staged on 4 October 2011- at Ally Pally- whose main event featured Rob Corkum up against Richard Gizbert.
The point of the event was based around the Money in the Bank ladder match, with two matches held at the show for the SmackDown brand. Eight matches took place.


Layla El

Layla El (born 25 June 1977) is an English dancer, model and retired professional wrestler. She is best known for her time with the WWE. During her time in the WWE, Layla was a one-time WWE Divas Champion, one-time and final Women's Champion, and was the winner of the 2006 WWE Diva Search.

Before becoming a professional wrestler, she was a dancer for the NBA's Miami Heat from 2004 to 2006. She has returned to the team since 2015 up until the present.

On 29 July 2015, it was announced that El decided to retire from professional wrestling and she was released from her WWE contract.

Eve Torres

Eve Torres (born August 21, 1984 in Denver, Colorado) is an American dancer, model, and professional wrestler. She is best known for working with WWE where she competed as Eve, as well as her full name

Torres began her career as a model and dancer. She danced for The Southern California Summer Pro League and went on to become a member of the National Basketball Association's Los Angeles Clippers Spirit Dance Team for the 2006–2007 season. She has also appeared on several television shows, including "Show Me The Money", "Sunset Tan", and "Deal or No Deal".

In 2007 she entered the 2007 Diva Search and won, earning a contract with WWE. She first appeared on WWE programming as a backstage interviewer in 2008, and also appeared in non-wrestling contests such as bikini contests and dance competitions. She later became a full-time wrestler in 2009, and was involved in feuds with Michelle McCool, Layla and Natalya. She also managed the tag team of Cryme Tyme. After being traded to the Raw brand in late 2009, she managed Chris Masters before winning the WWE Divas Championship in April 2010. She held the championship for 69 days, before losing it in June. After acting as the valet for R-Truth in late 2010, she won the Divas Championship for the second time at the 2011 Royal Rumble in January. Her second reign lasted until April 2011.

Torres was born in Boston, Massachusetts, but grew up in Denver, Colorado and has "a Latina background". She has one younger brother, Phillip, who appeared on "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?" in October 2008 and won $100,000. She attended the University of Southern California on a full tuition scholarship. During college, she was one of the founding members of the Omega Phi Beta sorority chapter on her campus and held the vice-president position for several years. While in Omega Phi Beta, Torres was awarded for Academic Excellence at the Order of Omega Greek Awards. She graduated with honors and a Grade Point Average above 3.5 in May 2006, with a degree in Industrial and Systems Engineering.
While attending the University of Southern California (USC), Torres appeared in commercials and music videos. Torres was the co-captain of the USC Fly Girls dance squad and created much of their choreography. She also danced for The Southern California Summer Pro League, the only summer league for National Basketball Association (NBA) players, in Long Beach, California. After graduating from college, she moved into dancing and modeling full-time. After reaching the tryout finals in previous years, Torres became a member of the NBA's Los Angeles Clippers Spirit Dance Team for the 2006–07 season. She also appeared on "Show Me The Money".

In May 2007, Torres entered World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE)'s Diva Search. She was chosen by WWE officials as one of the eight finalists from a group of 50. On October 29, 2007, in Philadelphia, live on "Raw", she was crowned the 2007 WWE Diva Search winner, defeating finalist Brooke Gilbertsen and becoming an official WWE Diva. Following her win, she began training for her wrestling debut in WWE's developmental territory, Ohio Valley Wrestling.

Videos promoting Eve's debut on "SmackDown" began airing on January 11, 2008. The promo aired for three weeks before Eve made her official debut on the February 1, 2008 episode of "SmackDown" interviewing former World Heavyweight Champion Batista. During early 2008, Eve participated in a "Diva Competition" contest to determine the top Diva on "SmackDown", participating in a bikini contest, an obstacle course, and an arm wrestling competition before being eliminated. Eve appeared at WrestleMania XXIV as a Lumberjill in the BunnyMania match between Maria and Ashley against Beth Phoenix and Melina. Eve spent the rest of the year competing in similar contests, including a dance-off and a bikini contest, before participating in the Halloween Costume Contest on October 26 at the Cyber Sunday pay-per-view, where she was dressed as Raphael from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. On the 800th episode of "Raw" on November 3, 2008, Eve made her televised in-ring debut in a 16-Diva tag team match, which her team lost although she was never tagged in.

Her first main storyline began in early 2009, when she began a scripted feud with Michelle McCool after McCool attacked her. On the February 6 episode of "SmackDown", Eve made her singles match debut in a losing effort against McCool via submission. Their feud continued for the next few months, with them competing against each other in singles and tag team matches. Eve then moved into a feud with Layla in mid-2009. After the pair competed in dance and arm wrestling competitions, Eve defeated Layla on the May 29 episode of "SmackDown" in a wrestling match. On the June 18 episode of "Superstars", Eve pinned Layla once again. After the match, they both shook hands.

Around the same as her scripted rivalry with Layla, Eve became associated with Cryme Tyme (Shad and JTG), appearing in several backstage segments with them. She also began accompanying them to the ring as their manager during their storyline rivalry with The Hart Dynasty (David Hart Smith, Tyson Kidd, and Natalya). Eve and Cryme Tyme participated in multiple six-person mixed tag team matches against The Hart Dynasty, and Eve also faced Natalya in singles matches and tag team matches involving other Divas. Her final match on "SmackDown" was on October 9, when she was defeated in a singles match by Michelle McCool.

On October 12, 2009, Eve was traded to the Raw brand. On the November 2 episode of "Raw", she competed in her first match after being traded: a battle royal which was won by Alicia Fox. She then entered into a storyline romance with Chris Masters in December 2009, becoming his valet. In January 2010, the WWE Divas Championship was vacated and a tournament was set up to determine the new champion. Eve made it to the semi-finals, before being defeated by the eventual winner, Maryse. At WrestleMania XXVI Eve was on the losing team in a 10-Diva tag team match, but the following night on "Raw", she pinned Maryse in a rematch to earn the victory for her team.

On the April 5 episode of "Raw", Eve won a "Dress to Impress" battle royal to become the number one contender to the WWE Divas Championship, and the following week on "Raw", she defeated Maryse to win the championship for the first time. She successfully defended the championship against Maryse at the Over the Limit pay-per-view in May. At the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view in June, Eve lost the championship in a fatal four-way match, when Alicia Fox pinned Maryse to win the championship. On the July 5 episode of "Raw", Eve invoked her rematch clause against Fox but was unsuccessful after Fox feigned an ankle injury. As a result, she received another rematch at the Money in the Bank pay per-view, but lost again to Fox. In mid-2010 she began acting as the valet for R-Truth.
At the Royal Rumble on January 30, 2011, the Raw General Manager added Eve to a two-on-one handicap match for the Divas Championship, turning it into a fatal four-way match. Eve pinned Layla to win the match and become a two-time Divas Champion. She retained the championship against Natalya in a Lumberjill match on the February 14 episode of "Raw", and against Nikki Bella on the March 7 episode. She held the championship until the April 11 episode of "Raw", when she lost it to Brie Bella.

Eve then formed an alliance with Kelly Kelly, and after Kelly won the Divas Championship in June, Eve accompanied her to the ring during her matches. Eve and Kelly began feuding with The Divas of Doom (Beth Phoenix and Natalya), and after Phoenix won the Divas Championship from Kelly, Eve defeated Natalya to earn a match against Phoenix. She faced Phoenix at the Vengeance pay-per-view, but was unsuccessful. On the October 31 episode of "Raw", Eve won a battle royal to become the number one contender to the Divas Championship. She received her championship match at the Survivor Series pay-per-view, but lost a Lumberjill match to Phoenix.

Eve moved into a storyline with Zack Ryder in December 2011, and the pair won a mixed tag team match against Natalya and Tyson Kidd on the December 26 episode of "Raw". On the January 9, 2012 episode of "Raw", Eve agreed to a date with Ryder beginning a storyline relationship. Following her participation in an eight-diva tag team match at the 2012 Royal Rumble—in which she Kelly Kelly, Alicia Fox, and Tamina were defeated by Phoenix, Natalya, and The Bella Twins in an 8 Diva Tag Team match. Kane began targeting Ryder (established as a friend of John Cena, with whom Kane had been feuding), injuring him before turning his attention on Eve, first trying to attack her after an unsuccessful championship match before Cena came out to save her. On the February 6 edition of "Raw", Eve suffered a broken nose during another eight Diva tag team match.

After she lost the WWE Divas Championship to Kaitlyn, she quit WWE immediately after she lost.

Before WWE, She also appeared on "Show Me The Money". In August 2008, Torres, along with fellow WWE Divas Maria and Candice Michelle, appeared on an episode of "Sunset Tan". On October 2, 2008, Torres and Maria appeared on a special episode of "". Torres, along with Maryse and Michelle McCool, appeared in the January 2009 issue of "Muscle & Fitness" magazine. Torres appeared on the November 3, 2009 episode of "Deal or No Deal" with Maria and Dolph Ziggler.

Torres is trained in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and holds a blue belt from the Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy in Torrance, California. Torres also participates in kickboxing.



WWF Over the Edge

WWF Over the Edge was a professional wrestling PPV that was produced by WWF. It had two PPVs but was retired after wrestler Owen Hart fell 78 feet from the rafters to the ring during his entrance and died hitting the ring post. 

False protagonist

A false protagonist is when someone seems like the most important character in a story, but later on shows that they are not for different reasons, (becomes a lesser character, becomes the antagonist, dies, etc.) An example is Roxas in "Kingdom Hearts II".


Solifugae

Solifugae is an order of arachnids sometimes called 'camel spiders', 'wind scorpions' or 'sun spiders'. Although they look rather like spiders, they are not spiders, and they are not scorpions. 

The order includes more than 1,000 species in about 153 genera. Much like a spider, the body of a Solifugid is separated into an opisthosoma (abdomen) and a prosoma (a combined head and thorax). Unlike scorpions, they do not have tails, and they do not have venom.

Most species of Solifugids live in dry climates. They are found in Europe, Asia, Africa and the Americas. The largest species grow to a length of , including legs. They are not normally dangerous to people.

Eresus

The Eresus or Ladybird spider is a type of velvet spider with spots on its back resembling a ladybug. 


David Otunga

David Daniel Otunga, Sr. (born April 7, 1980) is an American lawyer, actor and former professional wrestler. He has worked for the WWE. He is a two-time WWE Tag Team Champion. He won it once with John Cena and once with Michael McGillicutty. He was a member of NXT (season 1) and was a member of the professional wrestling stable "The Nexus".

He is married to actress Jennifer Hudson.

Otunga is the son of a Kenyan father, Moses, and white American mother, Billie, both of whom were educators. He is the youngest of three children. He grew up in Elgin, Illinois. Otunga graduated from Larkin High School, with mostly A-grades. Otunga holds a Bachelor's degree in psychology from the University of Illinois. Following his graduation, he moved to New York, where he worked at Columbia University as a lab manager in a cognitive neuroscience center. He later attended Harvard Law School, and passed the bar exam in Illinois . Following his graduation, he worked for the Sidley Austin LLP law firm.



Abc notation

Abc notation is a ASCII-based notation music language made by Chris Walshaw.

Bread roll

A bread roll is a piece of bread, usually small and round and is usually a side dish. Bread rolls are most times used in the same way as sandwiches are - cut in half, with items like butter placed between the two halves.

There are many names for bread rolls, especially in local versions of British English. These were named depending on how the dough was made and how the roll was cooked.

Bread rolls are common in Europe, mostly in Germany and Austria. They are also common in Australia, New Zealand and South Africa, and very common in Canada. In Germany and Austria, there is a large variety of bread rolls, ranging from white rolls made with wheat flour, to dark rolls containing mostly rye flour. Many variants include spices, such as coriander and cumin, nuts, or seeds, such as sesame seeds, poppy seed or sunflower seeds.<br>

An Italian form of bread roll is a small loaf of ciabatta which can be used to make a "panino" (or "panini"). In Denmark and Norway, rolls are called "rundstykker" (literally "round pieces") and are comfort food eaten with butter for special weekend breakfasts.



MP-40

The MP-40 (German: "Maschinenpistole 40") (English: "Machine pistol 40"), is a type of sub-machine gun. It is also known as the Schmeisser for Hugo Schmeisser, who designed other weapons but not this one. It was developed in the late 1930s and was first used in the early 1940s. It was used by the German Military during World War 2. It fired 9mm bullets and had a 32-round magazine. The weapon could only fire in full-automatic fire, but since the weapon had such a slow rate of fire of 500 rounds per minute, it was possible to fire individual bullets. It was one of the first weapons made completely out of plastic and steel, making it both cheap and quick to make. The design was so good and so reliable that British soldiers would often ditch their own Sten sub-machine guns and use the MP-40 instead. This would not have been a big problem since both weapons fire the same type of bullet and clip.

Racial Harmony Day

Racial Harmony Day is a special day celebrated on 21st July every year in Singapore. This special event is to remember the race riots which happened on 21 July 1964.

Schools celebrate Racial Harmony Day by getting the students to wear their race's special clothes. The traditional food of the different races are also being sold. Even traditional games are played.

Jive

Jive may mean one of these:


Jive (dance)

Jive is a dance, one of the five International Latin ballroom dances. It originated in the United States from African-Americans in the early 1940s. It is a lively and uninhibited variation of the earlier forms of Swing dance such as the Jitterbug.

Jive is danced in 4/4 time, and in competition at a speed of 44 bars per minute. It differs from Rock 'n Roll (dance) in having a syncopated chassé. Steps are counted 1, 2, 3 & 4, with 3 & 4 as the chassé.

American soldiers brought Lindy Hop/Jitterbug to Europe around 1942, where this dance quickly became popular among the young. In the United States the term 'Swing' became the most common word used to describe the dance. In the UK variations in technique led to styles such as Boogie-Woogie and Swing Boogie, with 'Jive' gradually emerging as the generic term.

After the war, the boogie became the dominant form for popular music. It was, however, never far from criticism as a foreign, vulgar dance. The famous ballroom dancing guru, Alex Moore, said that he had "never seen anything uglier". English instructors developed the elegant and lively ballroom Jive, danced to slightly slower music. In 1968 it was adopted as the fifth Latin dance in International competitions. The modern form of ballroom jive in the 1990s-present, is a very happy and boppy dance, the lifting of knees and the bending or rocking of the hips often occurs.

The basic step (Jive Basic) is a six beat pattern, comprising eight weight changes.


Imperial Vengeance

Imperial Vengeance are a metal band from the United Kingdom. They formed in late 2007. They were recognized from 2008 with the release of their self released EP "Death: August and Royal", then later with debut album "At The Going Down OF The Sun" in 2009 via Candlelight Records.

Albuquerque, New Mexico

Albuquerque (also known by locals as Duke City or ABQ) is the largest city in the state of New Mexico and is the seat of Bernalillo County. It has a population of 564,559 as of 2020, making it the 32nd largest city proper in the United States.

The city was founded as Alburquerque in 1706, and is notable for its mix of European, Hispanic, and Native American populations and cultures. Albuquerque is located on the Río Grande.

Interstate 40 and Interstate 25 meet at an interchange known as the Big I, and U.S. Route 66 used to run through Albuquerque along Central Avenue.

Events held in Albuquerque include:


The popular TV show "Breaking Bad" was set in Albuquerque between 2008 and 2010.

Albuquerque's climate is semi-arid. During the summer temperatures average highs in the 80s to 100s in degrees Fahrenheit (30s and 40s in degrees Celsius) and lows in the 60s and 70s ºF (10s and 20s ºC). During the winter temperatures average highs in the 40s and 50s ºF (0s and 10s ºC) and lows in the 20s and 30s ºF (-0s and 0s ºC).

The Bella Twins

The Bella Twins were a professional wrestling tag team in the WWE, formed of twin sisters: Brie Bella (Brianna Monique Danielson, née Garcia-Colace) and Nikki Bella (Stephanie Nicole Chigvintsev, née Garcia-Colace, born November 21, 1983 in San Diego, California). They both won the WWE Divas Championship, with Nikki's second reign being the longest in the title's history at 301 days.

The twins signed with WWE in 2007 and made their main roster debut on SmackDown the following year. On April 30, 2012, their contracts with WWE expired and they left. They returned to the WWE on March 11, 2013 and became part of the main cast of the reality show Total Divas made by the WWE. They also got their own spin-off series, Total Bellas and were inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2021. They left WWE again in 2023, retired from wrestling and now appear as the Garcia Twins.

In September 2013, Brie revealed her engagement to fellow professional wrestler Bryan Danielson. The couple married on April 11, 2014. Brie and her husband were previously both vegetarians. The couple have two children together.

In May 2014, Nikki revealed on "Total Divas" that she had married her high school sweetheart at the age of 20; the marriage was annulled three years later. Nikki began dating John Cena in 2012. The couple became engaged on April 2, 2017, when Cena proposed to her after their mixed tag-team match at WrestleMania 33. On April 15, 2018, the couple broke up and canceled their wedding, which was planned for May 5, 2018. She began dating her "Dancing with the Stars" partner and Russian dancer Artem Chigvintsev in January 2019. On January 3, 2020, the couple announced their engagement. On January 29, 2020, Nikki announced that she is expecting her first child alongside her twin sister Brie, who announced her own second pregnancy the same day. On June 11, 2020, on the season five finale of "Total Bellas", Nikki announced the baby's sex, a boy. She gave birth on July 31, 2020. The couple married on August 26, 2022.




Wade Barrett

Stuart "Stu" Alexander Bennet (born 10 August 1980) is an English professional wrestler and former bare-knuckle boxer. He was most recently signed to the WWE where he was known under the ring names, Wade Barrett, Bad News Barrett and King Barrett.

Barrett was born in Penwortham. He lived in Preston until he was six. He then moved to Wales.

Barrett was the winner of the first season of "NXT". He made his debut on the main roster on the June 7 episode of "Raw" as the leader of The Nexus. He as later removed from being the leader of Nexus after CM Punk gave him the opportunity to regain the leadership saying that if he won a three-way steel cage match to determine the number one contender for the WWE Championship but during the match Punk came down to ringside and took off Barrett's Nexus armband, which symbolically removed him from The Nexus, and he went on to lose the match. After he joined a new group The Corre.

On the April 28 episode of "Raw", Barrett competed in the 2015 King of the Ring tournament. In the tournament, he defeated Dolph Ziggler in the first round after Sheamus distracted Ziggler. The next night on the WWE Network, Barrett defeated R-Truth in the semi-finals and defeated Neville in the finals win the tournament and become King of the Ring.

Royal Oak, Michigan

Royal Oak is a city in the state of Michigan. It has a population of 58,211, as of 2020. 

It is in Oakland County. The mayor of Royal Oak is Michael Fournier.

Dirge

A dirge is a sad song or poem of unhappiness. They are usually sung at funerals. For example, a dirge was sung for the soldiers that had died in the Battle of Gettysburg before Abraham Lincoln delivered his Gettysburg Address. The word "dirge" came from the Latin word "dirige", which means "direct". It is likely that "dirge" also came from the old expression "Dirige, Domine, Deus meus, in conspectu tuo viam meam" ("Direct my way in your sight, O Lord my God"). "Dirge", meaning "to direct", is the same as a "dirigible" ("steerable") airship. These two words became connected in 1937 because of the Hindenburg disaster.

Benediction

Benediction is a short prayer for help and blessings from God. They are usually delivered at the end of a worship service. Roman Catholics have many more benedictions, usually with many candles (even poor churches have at least ten), than Protestants, who only have a few simple benedictions. A kind of benediction that is often done in both Roman Catholic and Protestant churches is for the worship leader to raise his hands and say the Biblical Priestly Blessing (). This was made popular by Martin Luther in his Deutsche Messe (German Mass). It is a tradition in most Lutheran Churches. F. Scott Fitzgerald also wrote a short story called "Benediction" in 1920.

Diane Kruger

Diane Kruger (born 15 July 1976) is a German actress and model. 

Diane Kruger was born as Diane Heidkrüger in Algermissen, West Germany. 



Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders

The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) is a guide to grouping mental disorders. It is published by the American Psychiatric Association. It is used in the United States and around the world by doctors, researchers, health insurance companies, companies which make medicine, and others.

There have been five revisions since it was first published in 1952. Each time, more mental disorders were added, although some have been removed and are no longer seen as mental disorders. An example of this is homosexuality. 

The manual was developed from systems for collecting census and psychiatric hospital statistics, and from a manual written by the US Army. A lot of changes were made to it in 1980. The last time it was greatly changed was the fourth edition (""'DSM-IV'""), published in 1994, but small changes to text were made in a 2000 version. The fifth edition ("DSM-5") was published May 2013.

The DSM has been criticized for being too influenced by the drug industry.

The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, ICD, has a section about mental and behavioral disorders which is different from the DSM. The ICD, not the DSM, is the system used by the United States government.

B cell

B cells are lymphocytes, a type of white blood cell. Once the B cell is activated, it turns into a plasma cell, and starts producing antibodies. They are a vital part of the adaptive immune system. They have a protein on the B cell's outer surface known as a 'B cell receptor'. This allows a B cell to bind to a specific antigen.

The main functions of B cells are:

Recently, a new, suppressive function of B cells has been discovered.

In mammals, immature B cells are formed in the bone marrow, hence their name.


Performing arts

The performing arts are those forms of art in which individual people perform separately or together. The artist's own body, face, and presence is needed for the performance.

Performing arts differ from the plastic arts, which use materials such as clay, metal or paint which can be moulded or transformed. A plastic art produces some physical art object. The term 'performing arts' first appeared in the English language in the year 1711.

Performing arts include the dance, music, opera, drama, magic, oratory and circus arts.

Artists who participate in performing arts in front of an audience are called performers, including actors, comedians, dancers, magicians, musicians, and singers. Performing arts are also supported by workers in related fields, such as songwriting and stagecraft.

Performers often adapt their appearance, such as with costumes and stage makeup, etc.

There is also a specialized form of fine art in which the artists "perform" their work live to an audience. This is called performance art. Most performance art also involves some form of plastic art, perhaps in the creation of props. Dance was often referred to as a "plastic art" during the Modern dance era.

Music focuses on three career paths, music performance, music education, and musicology (theory, history, etc.). Students learn to play musical instrument, but also study music theory, musicology, history of music and musical composition. In the arts tradition, music is also used to broaden skills of non-musicians by teaching skills such as concentration and listening.

Drama (Greek 'to do', 'seeing place') is the branch of the performing arts concerned with acting out stories in front of an audience. It uses speech, gesture, music, dance, sound and spectacle—indeed any one or more elements of the other performing arts. In addition to the standard narrative dialogue style of plays, theatre takes such forms as musicals, opera, ballet, illusion, mime, Indian dance, kabuki, mummers' plays, stand-up comedy, pantomime, and non-conventional or arthouse theatre.

Dance (from Old French "dancier") generally refers to human movement either used as a form of expression or in a social, spiritual or performance setting.

'Dance' is also used to describe methods of non-verbal communication (see body language) between humans or animals (bee dance, mating dance), motion in inanimate objects ("the leaves danced in the wind"), and certain music genres.

Choreography is the art of making dances, and the person who does this is called a choreographer.

The definition of what is dance depends on society, and ranges from folk dance to codified, virtuoso techniques such as ballet. In sports, rhythmic gymnastics, figure skating, ice dancing and synchronized swimming are "dance" disciplines. Some martial arts have dance-like moves.

Starting in the 6th century BC, the first recorded performing art began in Ancient Greece, ushered in by the tragic poets such as Aeschylus and Sophocles. These poets wrote plays which, in some cases, incorporated dance (see Euripides). Aristophanes is noted for his satyrical comedies (5th century BC).

By the 6th century AD, the Western performing arts died out as the Dark Ages began. Between the 9th century and 14th century, performing art in the West was limited to religious historical enactments and morality plays, organized by the Church in celebration of holy days and other important events.

Steve Brookstein

Steve Brookstein (born 10 November 1968) is a British soul and jazz singer from London. He has been active since he won the 2004 UK series of talent show "The X Factor". He has had 1 hit single to date, number 1 hit, Against All Odds a cover of the 1984 Phil Collins original his version was number 11 in Ireland. He was part of the Syco Music record label. His first album "Heart & Soul" reached number 1 in the United Kingdom album charts. His second album "40,000 Things "only reached number 165.

Albert Roussel

Albert Charles Paul Marie Roussel (5 April 1869 - 23 August 1937) was a French composer. Roussel spent seven years as a midshipman. He only turned to music as an adult. But he then became one of the most important composers of the years between the two world wars. His earlier music came from the impressionism of Debussy and Ravel. He turned more towards neoclassicism with his later music.

Albert Roussel was born in Tourcoing ("Nord" "department" of France). HIs earliest interest was not music. It was mathematics. He spent some time in the French Navy. In 1889 and 1890 he served on the crew of the frigate "Iphigénie". These travels were significant to his later career as a composer. This is because many of his musical works would reflect his interest in far-off and interesting places.

After Roussel left the Navy in 1894, he began to study music with Eugène Gigout. He continued his studies until 1908 at the Schola Cantorum (one of his teachers there was Vincent d'Indy). While he studied, he would also teach at the Schola. His fellow students were Erik Satie and the young Edgard Varèse.

During World War I, he served as an ambulance driver on the Western Front. After the war, he bought a summer house in Normandy. This is where he gave most of his time to composing music.

Roussel was a classicist. Some of his first works are very much like impressionism. But he soon found a style fit just for him. This style had a strong rhythmic sound.

The Schola Cantorum left a mark on Roussel's mature writing. Compared with the style of other French composers like Gabriel Fauré or Claude Debussy, Roussel's orchestration is rather powerful and heavy.

Roussel also liked jazz. He wrote a piano-vocal composition called "Jazz dans la nuit". This has a lot in common with other jazz-influenced works such as the "Blues" second movement of Maurice Ravel's "Violin Sonata".

Roussel's most important pieces include his ballets. They are "Le festin de l'araignée", "Bacchus et Ariane", and "Aeneas". Among his other works are four symphonies (the Third is the most often played), a piano concerto, a concertino for cello and orchestra, a psalm setting for chorus and orchestra, music for the theater, solo piano music, and songs. He died in the town of Royan in western France in 1937. That is the same year that his countrymen Ravel, Charles-Marie Widor, and Gabriel Pierné died.

Arturo Toscanini included the suite from the ballet "Le festin de l'araignée" in one of his concerts with the NBC Symphony Orchestra. Georges Prêtre recorded this same music with the "Orchestre National de France" for EMI in 1984.








Troy (movie)

Troy is a 2004 Anglo-American action movie about the Trojan War. The movie was nominated for an Oscar in 2005. It stars Brad Pitt as Achilles, Eric Bana as Hector, and Peter O'Toole as King Priam. Diane Kruger is Helen of Sparta.

In Sparta, Prince Hector and his young brother Paris want Troy and Sparta to have peace but there is a war. The Greeks come and take control of a beach at Troy. Achilles and the Myrmidons kill many Trojans. Achilles and Hector meet but do not fight. The Trojans have a surprise attack. As the Greeks are close to losing, Achilles comes with the Myrmidons, and joins the fight. Achilles fights Hector and Hector is killed. After Hector's death, the Greeks make a plan to come into Troy using a wooden horse. Trojans think the wooden horse is a gift to the Gods. The Trojans take the horse into the city and celebrate. Greeks come out of the horse at night, opening the doors to the city. This lets the army enter the city and The Trojans are defeated. Paris killed Achilles but died after the war.


Wolfgang Petersen

Wolfgang Petersen (14 March 1941 – 12 August 2022) was a German movie director and screenwriter. His work included "The NeverEnding Story", "Enemy Mine", "Outbreak", "In the Line of Fire", "Air Force One", "Das Boot", "The Perfect Storm", "Troy" and "Poseidon". 

Petersen was born in Emden, Lower Saxony, Germany. One of his first efforts was the 1977 "Die Konsequenz".

Peterson died of pancreatic cancer on 12 August 2022, at the age of 81, at his home in Brentwood, Los Angeles, California.

Emden

Emden is a town in the most northwest of Germany. It is the main town of the region of East Frisia, and also a port town of the North Sea. About 51,000 people were living in Emden in 2016.

 Haugesund, Rogaland, Norway.



Gabor Acs

Gabor Acs (born 1926 in Budapest) is a Hungarian architect. He was a member of Order of Architects in Rome. 

He enrolled at the Faculty of Architecture-Engineering, University of Budapest, where he graduated in 1948. With the arrival of Soviet Forces, the father decides to leave for Italy with his family, living in Rome. Gabor then moved to Milan for his degree in architecture from the Polytechnic. After graduating in 1953, decided to reach the United States. 

After some experience with architectural design, he became associated with I. M. Pei and Partners in New York. From 1956 to 1963, in association with Pei and Henry N. Cobb, he designed residential buildings in New York, Philadelphia and Pittsburgh and other urban planning projects including the Master Plan of Cleveland, Ohio.

As SGI's chief architect, Gabor Acs, and Watergate complex chief architect Luigi Moretti, flew to New York City on May 17 1962 and defended the complex's design in a special three-hour meeting with United States Commission of Fine Arts members.

Then he transfers its business in Rome and since 1963, in his office in Piazza Navona, running projects for Algeria, Saudi Arabia, Canada, France, Guinea, Iran, Italy, Kenya, Libya, Mexico, Monaco, Nigeria, Venezuela, Zaire. 
These include in particular: 


Gabor Acs lives in Rome with his wife Armelle.

Table football

Table Football, Table Soccer and Foosball, are regional names of a table-top game based on association football (EUR) or soccer (USA). The name "foosball" comes from the German word for football, "fussball" or "fußball". Both a recreational game and a serious sport, the game can be played by two (singles) or four (doubles) players. 

Tables are broadly defined as professional or home-grade. The tables function the same, but just like pool tables, vary widely in features.

Home-grade tables are great for kids and casual players. A professional grade table in a home game room is a sign of a serious player.

Foosball is played world-wide and professional grade tables reflect unique characteristics of their country of origin.

Serious players need the additional ball control, weight and strength the professional-grade products feature to handle four adult players. 

Currently the game of Foosball is again expanding in popularity. For serious players there are local, state, regional, national and international tournaments. 


Keith Magnuson

Keith Magnuson (April 27, 1947 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan – December 15, 2003 in Vaughan, Ontario) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who was the captain of the Chicago Blackhawks from 1976 to 1979. He died in a car accident and the driver of the car, fellow NHL alumni Rob Ramage survived and was charged with vehicular manslaughter.

His jersey number is retired by the Chicago Blackhawks.

Heidi Montag

Heidi Montag (born September 15, 1986 in Colorado) is an American television personality, model and singer. She starred in MTV series "The Hills".

Heidi was born on September 15, 1986 in Colorado. She has an older sister, Holly Montag (born 1983). She graduated from high school and after that, attended the Academy of Art University in California.

Montag had a regular role on a reality series called "The Hills", from 2005 until 2010. She appeared on "The Hills" because she was the friend and roommate of the show's main star, Lauren Conrad.

During "The Hills", she started dating Spencer Pratt. She later married him, but the other people on "The Hills", especially Conrad, hated Pratt. Because of this, Montag and Pratt became portrayed as "the villains" of the series.
Montag and Pratt were removed from "The Hills" in 2010. This was after Pratt had told one of the producers that he would kill him. Pratt was ordered to take anger management classes, but even after that, they would not rehire him and his wife. Montag had also filed charges against "The Hills" creator Adam Divello, claiming sexual harassment.

Montag started working on her own music album in 2007. In 2009, she performed her song "Body Language" on the Miss Universe beauty pageant show in the Bahamas. Her performance was disliked by critics and many other people.

She released her debut album in 2010. It was called "Superficial" and it sold only 1,000 copies in its first week. It received negative reviews. Despite all the negative reactions, Montag has said that she will release another album.

In 2008, Montag debuted her first fashion collection, Heidiwood, in Los Angeles. She later designed more clothes.

She appeared in the sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", as herself, together with husband Spencer Pratt, in 2009.
Also in 2009, she and Spencer Pratt took part in reality series "I'm A Celebrity, Get Me Outta Here!". The couple quit the show after a few episodes. They said that they were "tortured" on the show.

In June 2009, it was confirmed that Montag would pose for "Playboy". She appeared on the cover of the September 2009 issue of the magazine. In November 2009, Montag and Pratt released their first book, "How To Be Famous: Our Guide to Looking the Part, Playing the Press and Becoming a Tabloid Fixture".

Montag had a small role in the 2011 comedic movie, "Just Go With It!". The movie starred Jennifer Aniston.

Montag was one of seven celebrities in the VH1 reality series, "Famous Food". The series ran from July to September 2011. It was won by DJ Paul. She and Pratt were housemates in the January 2013 series of Celebrity Big Brother (UK).

Heidi Montag and her boyfriend Spencer Pratt had an on/off relationship for two years. In 2008, they married in Mexico. They married a second time in California. Only the second time was legal.

In July 2010, Montag filed for divorce. Tabloid magazines and others suggested that this was fake, because the couple were still seen together in public. They told press that they were on "friendly terms" but still divorcing. In September they called off the divorce and renewed their vows.

Montag has made headlines for her plastic surgery. She has undergone nose correction, chin correction, suction of fat off her hips, many others and best known, a breast enlargement. In 2010, she had ten surgeries in one day, which almost killed her. Montag "upgraded" her breasts to the maximum size. Later, after her surgeries, she said that she could not live with the size of her breasts, and wants to have them reduced back.

Lauren Conrad

Lauren Katherine Tell (née Conrad; born February 1, 1986) is a designer and television personality who starred on MTVs The Hills.

Spencer Pratt

Spencer Pratt (born August 14, 1983 in Los Angeles, California) is an American television personality. He is best known from the MTVs series "The Hills".

Pratt and Heidi Montag were housemates in the January 2013 series of Celebrity Big Brother (UK).

Training Day

Training Day is a 2001 American crime drama thriller movie. It stars Denzel Washington and Ethan Hawke. Washington won an Academy Award for his leading role as psychopathic LAPD detective Alonzo Harris. It was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was also remade as a tv series in 2017 starring Bill Paxton.

Tosh.0

Tosh.0 is an American comedy television show that was created by comedian Daniel Tosh.

"Tosh.0" began on Comedy Central on June 4, 2009. The show focuses on viral videos from the internet with sarcastic commentary, interviews, and short comedy routines. Being a master comedian, Daniel Tosh turns the worst of internet videos to very funny comedy routines. The show entered its second season on January 13, 2010 and entered its third season on January 11, 2011. The series finale aired on November 24, 2020.

Before Tosh.0 goes to a commercial break, Tosh mentions to a canceled Comedy Central show (usually by the name "We'll be right back with more "Onion SportsDome").

Tosh also talks to his fans during the commercial breaks of Tosh.0 on his Twitter account during live broadcasts in the East Coast.


Daniel Tosh

Daniel Tosh (born May 29, 1975) is an American stand-up comedian. Tosh is of West German descent.

Tosh was born in Germany but grew up in Titusville, Florida. His father was a preacher. He had one brother and two sisters. After graduating from Astronaut High School in 1993 and later the University of Central Florida with a degree in marketing, Tosh moved to Los Angeles where he lives with his dog. 

Tosh's first big career break came in 2001 with his performance on the "Late Show with David Letterman". His first attempt to appear on the show was cut short, though, due to time limits caused by the star guest, Eric Kraff, overlapping with his segment. He followed with appearances on programs such as "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" and Comedy Central's "Premium Blend". In 2003, he performed in his own thirty-minue special on "Comedy Central Presents". On June 17, 2007, Comedy Central aired a stand-up special featuring Tosh, "Daniel Tosh: Completely Serious". He also hosted an episode of Comedy Central's "Live at Gotham". Tosh is also a regular guest on "The Bob & Tom Show". He had a small part in the feature film "In the Army Now" starring Pauly Shore and Andy Dick. He also had a bit part in "The Love Guru",

Currently, Tosh hosts "Tosh.0", a show showcasing internet video clips on Comedy Central. Daniel Tosh also had another stand-up special called "Daniel Tosh: Happy Thoughts".

Tosh has released two albums, "True Stories I Made Up", which was released on November 8, 2005 by Comedy Central and "Daniel Tosh: Completely Serious", which was released on June 17, 2007 by Comedy Central. His Comedy Central TV show "Tosh.0" premiered on June 4, 2009.



Veil

A veil is a soft covering of all or part of the face. It has often been used by women in many cultures. It is often used by brides on their wedding day. It may have religious meaning, or it may be used for pleasure or dance. It is different from a mask because a mask is close-fitting, and often firm or hard, while a veil is soft and may fit loosely.

Veils are a kind of non-verbal communication. They always have some kind of unspoken message.

Some kinds of veil include a hood which covers the entire head, like a hijab. The point of covering the head entirely is to cover all parts which have any sexual meaning. A woman's hair is one of her secondary sexual characteristics, and acts (with her face, body and personality) to attract the opposite sex. Some religious groups believe that female sexuality should not be shown in public.

The most important part of the head (for the viewer) is the face, because the human face takes part in communication. Covering it says, in effect, 'this person is not available'. That is why it has been used so often by women. Because it is of soft material, the veil may be lifted back over the head or unclipped from one side. This is also a signal. It says 'now I am available'. So brides lift their veil at the point when they are married.

Veils may be, and often are, partly transparent. This adds ambiguity and mystery to the 'message' it offers the viewer; it is a 'fashion statement'. The raising or dropping of veils is a sign of intimacy: the wearer, who was covered, is now in the open. In an extreme example, the idea of a "Dance of the Seven Veils" originates with the 1893 English translation of Oscar Wilde's 1891 French play Salome in the stage direction.


Anne Wills

Anne Wills OAM "Willsy" (born 3 October 1944 in Wangaratta, Victoria, Australia) is an Adelaide television and radio personality. Willsy holds the record for the most number of Logies won by a person in the history of the awards. She has won 19 between 1968 - 1992.

As well as appearing on a number of national TV programs such as "In Melbourne Tonight", "The Bert Newton Show" and "Good Morning Australia", Willsy has presented and appeared on many Adelaide based TV programs. These include "A.M. Adelaide", "Movie Scene" and "Close Up with Willsy". She was also the weather presenter for SAS-7 "Seven Nightly News" for a number of years. 

Willsy is known for her love of over the top earrings.


1240s

The 1240s was a decade that began on 1 January 1240 and ended on 31 December 1249.




Asian tiger mosquito

The Asian tiger mosquito, or forest day mosquito is a kind of mosquito that is native to tropical and subtropical South-East Asia. It has black and white striped legs, and small black and white striped body. The Asian tiger mosquito is about 2 to 10 mm long. The males are about 20% smaller than the females.

In the last few decades, the species has spread to many other countries, mainly through the transport of goods. Many communities see this species as a pest. Unlike other mosquitos, the Asian tiger mosquito associates with humans. Other mosquitos tend to live in wetlands. The Asian tiger mosquito is also active during the day, while most other mosquitos are only active during dusk and dawn.

The Asian tiger mosquito can spread several diseases, such as West Nile virus, Yellow fever virus, St. Louis encephalitis, dengue fever, and Chikungunya fever,

French Island (Victoria)

French Island is a large island in Western Port, Victoria, Australia. It is 61 km southeast of Melbourne. In 1997 about 70 per cent of the island was made the French Island National Park. It has also been listed as part of the National Estate. In 2002, the waters on the north coast were made into the French Island Marine National Park.

Even though it is close to Melbourne, French Island is relatively isolated and undeveloped. There is no water or electricity supply, or medical services on the island. There is one small shop and post office on Tankerton Road about 3 km from Tankerton Jetty. There is a number of places to stay, including camping, bed and breakfasts, guest houses, and the McLeod Eco Farm which was once a prison.

An Australian aboriginal clan, Bunarong Tribe lived and hunted on French Island. The first Europeans to discover the island were the French in April 1802. A group from the ship, "La Naturaliste", explored the area naming it "Île de Françoise", (French Island).
In 1847 the first settlers, William and John Gardner, started farming on the island. In the 1880's, koalas were released on to the island. In the 1890's the government set up several small villages. Farmers began to grow chicory, and about 30 chicory kilns were built.

On July 17, 1916 the McLeod Prison Farm opened and continued until 1975. In 1967, the State Electricity Commission (SEC)wanted to build the first nuclear power plant in Australia on French Island

Tankerton Post Office opened on 3 September 1890 and closed in 1994. It reopened in 2001 under the name French Island. A Fairhaven office was also open from 1911 until 1957.

In 1967, the SEC told the Lands Department to keep 400 acres of French Island for future construction of a nuclear power plant. The plant, to be built in the 1970's, would generate 350-500MW of electricity. More nuclear power plants would be built in Australia once there was a successful, fully operational plant in Victoria. The SEC also planned to build more brown coal power stations as well.

Due to the low cost of brown coal in Victoria and pressure from the anti-nuclear movement, the SEC decided not to build a nuclear plant and instead continued to build brown coal plants. These included the Hazelwood Power Station, which was completed in 1971. Nuclear plants were not built in New South Wales, as access to black coal allowed for bigger generators. The declaration of various areas of many Australian states as nuclear free zones was a key factor in the selection of coal plants over nuclear plants.

There is easy access to the island by train and ferry. People can take a train from Melbourne to Frankston. From Frankston there is a diesel locomotive service to Stony Point. It is a short walk along the jetty to catch the passenger ferry to Tankerton jetty on French Island. It is also possible to catch a passenger ferry from Cowes on Phillip Island.

Important features are Mount Wellington which is 96m in height and the Pinnacles at 66m.

In 2006 there were 89 people living on French Island. In 2009,there were five students at the primary school.

Habitats range from coastal mangroves, swamps, heath, grasslands and blue gum forests. Most koalas on the mainland of Australia suffer from the chlamydia disease. French Island provides the world's most dense and disease free group of koalas. They are often moved to repopulate diseased areas on the mainland. Shelter is provided for more than 100 species of bush orchids, and 260 species of birds. Significant species on the island include: King Quail, the critically endangered Orange-bellied Parrot, Fairy Tern, White-bellied Sea Eagle, Swamp Skink, Long-nosed Potoroo.
The island is one of only two places in Victoria where there are no foxes. Because of this, the island has kept a variety of native species which have been devastated by the fox in other areas. However rabbits, feral cats, feral goats, feral pigs, Indian Mynahs and starlings pose a threat to the island's biodiversity.

As the only cars used on the island are by residents, the network of more than 40 km of gravel roads and tracks are quiet and ideal for cycling. The island is generally flat or mildly undulating with the highest point being Mt Wellington (96 m). Bicycles can be hired from the General Store, Macleod Eco Farm and Bayview. There are many walking tracks. Other activities include bushwalking, bird watching, horse riding, cycling, and as a base for deep sea fishing. 

Two local tour companies, French Island Tours and French Island Eco Tours, can provide bus tours of the island.

There is one free camping site in the National Park at Fairhaven, 4 km up the coast road from Tankerton Jetty, where the ferry arrives from Stony Point. The camp site is set among trees near the beach, with one public toilet and a water tank. Other camping is available at "private sites" at Bayview and McLeod Eco Farm by arrangement. 


Leni Riefenstahl

Helene Bertha Amalie "Leni" Riefenstahl (22 August 1902 – 8 September 2003) was a German movie director who made propaganda for the Nazis. Her most famous movies are "Triumph of the Will" and "Olympia". She was a interpretive dancer but after a knee injury she stopped.


Olympia (1938 movie)

Olympia is a 1938 movie by Leni Riefenstahl documenting the 1936 Summer Olympics, held in the Olympic Stadium in Berlin, Germany.


Carbon paper

Carbon paper is a special kind of paper that can be used for copying. On one side, the paper is coated with dry ink, which is usually bound with a kind of wax. It is usually put between two sheets of paper. When pressure is applied from the first sheet, some ink is transferred to the second one.The copy that is produced that way is called "carbon copy". Because it relies on pressure, the technique is limited to only four or five copies.

Billy Butler

Billy Butler (born April 18, 1986) is an American baseball player. He plays first base for the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB).

The Royals chose Butler in the 2004 First-Year Player Draft. Butler had played baseball in high school in Jacksonville, Florida, and entered the draft instead of playing in college. He played his first MLB game on May 1, 2007.

Karen Horney

Karen Horney (16 September 1885 in Blankenese, Germany – 4 December 1952 in New York) was a German psychoanalyst and psychiatrist. Her theories questioned some traditional Freudian views.

The following are all still in print:


Hildesheim (district)

Hildesheim is a district ("Landkreis") in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is surrounded by the districts of Hanover, Peine, Wolfenbüttel, Goslar, Northeim, Holzminden and Hamelin-Pyrmont.


Aryan race

The Aryan race is an idea that was formed in the 19th and 20th centuries. The term "Aryan" comes from the Rig Veda and is the name of an ancient group of people in ancient Persia and India, who spoke an Indo-European language. It has been used to describe people of Iranian and Indian descent, but there was no record of Aryans in European history. Later it was used for Germanic peoples because of new ideas about the Aryans.

The term Aryan comes from the ancient Sanskrit word ārya, which was a term used by Sanskrit speaking people to distinguish themselves from other races. The Iranians also used the terms, and the name Iran means "land of the Aryans". The idea of an Aryan race was first used as a category of people but was later used by occult movements such as Theosophy. It was also later used by Nazis and white supremacists in racist ways.

The ideology of Nazism was based upon the idea of the Aryan race or Germanic peoples being a master race. The Nazi view of the Aryan race came from earlier racial theorists such as Arthur de Gobineau and Houston Stewart Chamberlain.

As the leader of Nazi Germany, Adolf Hitler, became set in his ways, he decided with proclamations that some other groups of people were also Aryans along with Germanic peoples. He declared Hungarians to be "Aryan" in 1934, the Japanese were made officially "Aryans" in 1936, and the Finns were officially added in as "Aryans" by his proclamation in 1942. However, Nazi Germany did not regard Slavs as "Aryans", but as inferiors and non-Aryan. They were usually vague as to whether Italians were "Aryan", although Italy under Mussolini had a "Manifesto of Race" in 1938 that said they were.

Theosophy, a mystical occult society founded in 1875 by Helena Blavatsky believes that the Arabian people and the Jews are a part of the Aryan race. It is believed by Theosophists that the Arabians used the Semitic languages of the people around them. These people had moved to the area from Atlantis. Theosophists claim that the Jews began as a part of the Arabian subrace in what is now Yemen around 30,000 BC. They moved first to Somalia and then to Egypt where they lived until the time of Moses.


Eurovision Song Contest 2011

The Annual Eurovision Song Contest was held in Düsseldorf (Germany), due to Germany's first place with their singer Lena Meyer-Landrut with her song ""Satellite"" in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo (Norway). Like previous years, a system of two semi-finals was used: the first on 10 May and the second on 13 May 2011. The final was on the evening of 14 May 2011. The winners were Ell & Nikki with their song Running scared, they represented Azerbaijan.

On 12 October 2010, the German broadcaster, Norddeutscher Rundfunk (NDR) announced that the Esprit Arena of Düsseldorf as the venue of the Eurovision Song Contest 2011. Germany has already held the Eurovision Song Contest. The first in 1957 in Frankfurt am Main and the second in 1983 in Munich. Since 1998 and the victory of the United Kingdom the year before, it is the first time that a country of the "Big Five" (Germany, France, Spain, United Kingdom & Italy (since 2011)) will held the Eurovision Song Contest.

23 cities of Germany participated to the bidding phase of the venue for the Annual Eurovision Song Contest. Eight cities showed interest of hosting the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 : Berlin, Hamburg, Hanover, Gelsenkirchen, Düsseldorf, Cologne, Frankfurt, Munich. On 21 August 2010, NDR announced that four of those cities had officially applied to host the 2011 Contest : 

The five countries that are part of the "Big Five", along with the host of the contest, automatically qualify for a place in the final. But Germany is both the host of the 2011 edition and a member from the "Big Five". To answer this question of if a country will qualify directly for the final (maybe the second of the 2010 Contest), the EBU held a meeting in Belgrade (Serbia). And it was decided that the existing rules will remain in place, and that the number of participants in the final will simply decreased from twenty-five to twenty-four. On 31 December 2010, the EBU published the official list of the participants for the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest and which stated the return of Italy, Austria, San Marino and Hungary. And thanks to the return of Italy twenty-fiv countries will participate for the final of the 2011 edition of the Eurovision Song Contest.

On 16 December 2010, NDR revealed the presenters of the 2011 edition : Anke Engelke, Judith Rakers, and Stefan Raab. It will be the third time that three people have hosted the contest after 1999 and 2010. And the second time in a row.

To determine the semi-final running orders for the Eurovision Song Contest, participating nations were split into six pots on 17 January 2011. Countries has been drawn from each pot to determine if they will compete in either the first or second semi-final and like in 2010, it will determine in which half of the semi-final they will perform, in order for delegations to know when rehearsals will begin for their respective countries. The draw also determine in which semi-finals the members of the "Big Five" (France, Germany, Spain, the United Kingdom and Italy) will be able to vote. 

Israeli broadcaster IBA requested to take part in the second semi-final due to the Israeli Memorial Day, which will be held during the first semi-final. German broadcaster NDR also requested that they be allowed to vote in the second semi-final for scheduling reasons.

On 31 December 2010, the EBU confirmed the forty-three countries which will be competing fir the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest. The 2011 edition which will mark the returns of Austria, which last participated in 2007, Italy, which last participated in 1997, San Marino, which only took part in 2008, and Hungary, which last participated in 2009.

At a meeting in Belgrade, the EBU decided that the countries has to choose their artists and their songs before 14 March because the running draw for the Eurovision Song Contest will be held on March 15.




Keynesian economics

Keynesian economics (also called Keynesianism) describes the economics theories of John Maynard Keynes. Keynes wrote about his theories in his book "The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money". The book was published in 1936.

Keynes said capitalism is a good economic system. In a capitalist system, people earn money from their work. Businesses employ and pay people to work. Then people can spend their money on things they want. Other people work and make things to buy. Sometimes the capitalist system has problems. People lose their work. Businesses close. People cannot work and cannot spend money. Keynes said the government should step in and help people who do not have work.

This idea is called "demand-side policy". If people are working, the economy is good. If people are not working, the economy is bad.

Keynes said when the economy is bad, people want to save their money. That is, they do not spend their money on, or invest in, things they want. As a result, there is less economic activity. 

Keynes said the government should spend more money when people do not have work. The government can borrow money and give people jobs (work). Then people can spend money again and buy things. This helps other people find work.

Some people, such as conservatives, libertarians, and people who believe in Austrian economics, do not agree with Keynes' ideas. They say government work does not help capitalism. They say when the government borrows money, it takes money away from businesses. They do not like Keynesian economics because they say the economy can get better without government help.

During the late 1970s, Keynesian economics became less popular because inflation was high at the same time that unemployment was high. This is because many people interpreted Keynesian theory to say that it was impossible for there to be both high inflation and high unemployment. 

When a big recession happened in 2007, Keynesian economics became more popular. Leaders around the world (including Barack Obama) created stimulus packages which would allow their government to spend a lot of money to create jobs. Conservatives and Libertarians would say that the stimulus package rewards the bad behavior that lead to the recession. It tells big banks that they can misbehave and the government will step in and get them out of trouble.

Keynes had the following ideas:

Kaiser Chiefs

Kaiser Chiefs is an alternative rock band from Leeds, England. They were active as Parva from 2000 to 2003, then changed their name to Kaiser Chiefs in 2003.

Their name come from the name of the Kaizer Chiefs association football club in South Africa.

Kaiser Chiefs 2016 album stay together was very successfull.


Rob Zombie

Rob Zombie (born Robert Bartleh Cummings on July 10, 1965 in Haverhill, Massachusetts) is an American heavy metal singer, director, producer and screenwriter. He formed the band White Zombie.

He has also directed the films "House of 1000 Corpses", "The Devil's Rejects", the 2007 remake of Halloween and the sequel to that Halloween II.


Elam

Elam was an long-lasting ancient civilization just to the east of Mesopotamia, in what is now southwest Iran. Elam was centered in the far west and southwest of what is now modern-day Iran, stretching from the lowlands of what is now Khuzestan and Ilam Province as well as a small part of southern Iraq..

Knowledge of Elamite history is not complete. It is mainly known from Mesopotamian sources. The history of Elam is divided into three periods, over more than two millennia. The three periods come after the proto-Elamite period:

The Proto-Elamite city of Susa was founded around 5000 BC in the watershed of the river Karun. It is considered to be the site of Proto-Elamite cultural formation. 

Written records start from around 3000 BC in the Old Elamite period (Middle Bronze Age). In the Achaemenid Empire the Elamite language was among those in official use. The Elamite language has no obvious connections with any other, and seems to be a language isolate like Sumerian. Some researchers have suggested the existence of a larger group known as Elamo-Dravidian. This theory is not established.

The Elamites called their country Haltamti, but the Sumerians and Akkadians called it Elam, and so it was also in the Hebrew Bible. The civilisation started around 2700 BC, and they were finally conquered by the Achmaenids in 640 BC. A tablet found in 1848 has the Assyrian king Ashurbanipal boasting of his conquest:

As it happens, the Elamites managed to stay independent for some time after this disaster. The devastation was less complete than Assurbanipal boasted, and Elamite rule, though rather broken up, continued until 540 BC, when Achaemenid rule begins in Susa. Under the Parthian period, a kingdom of Elymais existed which survived until its extinction by Sassanid invasion in the early third century AD. It was in the heartland of ancient Elam.

Dental braces

Dental braces are wires that are held together by brackets glued to the permanent teeth. The wires and brackets may be made of metal or other materials. Each week or month (or other time the orthodontist decides) the braces may be checked, cleaned, or changed into a tighter wire. 

Braces are an orthodontic device. They are to make the teeth straight, and to correct problems in a person's bite. There are many natural problems which occur to the way teeth fit together, but not everyone needs or will need braces. 

However, the use of braces is quite common, even when they are not medically necessary. Their cosmetic use for young females is more common in countries with first world economies. To overcome the visibility of traditional metal braces, there are now nearly transparent braces. Sometimes braces are possible behind the teeth, and so are not in view.

Braces

Braces (suspenders in the U.S.) are a standard item of male clothing. Their function is to keep trousers at a set height on the body. They are standard wear for formal styles of dress such as the lounge suit.

There is also a fashion use among some young males, and a use by some workmen, most often with newspaper. Braces can be worn entirely out of sight, hidden by a waistcoat, or in sight as a display. A critical factor in formal dress is the "drop" of the trousers as they meet the shoes. Here braces avoid the need to hitch trousers up, always a problem with belts.

In many countries braces were worn by all classes of men for well over a hundred years until about the 1960s, except in the armed forces. Then fashion changed and men's clothes became informal, with lower waistlines and belts. Now they are a minority item.

Doves (band)

Doves is an English alternative rock band. They formed in 1998 when the two Williams brothers (Jez and Andy) met Jimi Goodwin in high school.

Doves newest album is "The Places Between: The Best of Doves" and was released on April 5, 2010.

Doves have released 5 studio albums:
Doves' Official website 

Shin-Soo Choo

Shin-Soo Choo (born July 13, 1982 in Busan, South Korea) is a South Korean baseball player. He is a center fielder for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball (MLB). Choo also played for the Seattle Mariners from 2005-2006 and the Cleveland Indians from 2006–2012.

Choo was required to serve 2 years in the South Korea military service before he turns 30 in 2012. However, he was exempted from military service due to his contribution to the Korean National Baseball team winning the Gold Medal in the 2010 Asian Games 

He is married and lives near Phoenix, Arizona.


Bryan Bickell

Bryan Bickell (born March 9, 1986 in Orono, Ontario) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He played for the Chicago Blackhawks amd Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL).

He was chosen 41st overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He earned a Stanley Cup ring from the team but his name was not engraved on the cup. On June 24, 2013, Bickell won his second Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

Bickell began experiencing symptoms of vertigo that forced him to miss two games during the 2015 Stanley Cup Finals. He initially believed the ailment was caused by an infected tooth. Bickell's agent later commented that Bickell was suffering from vestibular issues, which hindered his performance during the 2015–16 Chicago Blackhawks season. In November 2016, Bickell began experiencing an unexplained pain in his shoulder and leg that caused him to miss multiple games. Doctors later diagnosed Bickell with multiple sclerosis. Bickell commented on his health by stating, "Since the 2015 playoffs, I've been struggling to understand what was going on with my body. Again during the past few weeks, it felt like something wasn't right." Ron Francis, the Hurricanes' general manager, stated that Bickell would take an indefinite amount of time off from hockey to receive treatment for his condition. While Bickell ultimately returned to Hurricanes towards the end of the 2016–17 season, he announced he would retire from playing hockey to focus on his MS treatment.


Khloé Kardashian

Khloé Alexandra Kardashian (born June 27, 1984) is an American socialite, reality television celebrity and TV presenter. She became famous after appearing on her family's TV show "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". 

Khloé Alexandra Kardashian was born on June 27, 1984 in Los Angeles, California. She is the sister of Kim, Kourtney and Rob Kardashian. Kardashian is the daughter of Kris and Robert Kardashian Sr.

In 2007, the Kardashians started their reality show, giving them a lot of fame and publicity. She has also starred in several of its spin-offs as well as its sequel, "The Kardashians".

As a TV presenter, Kardashian has presented her own shows: "Kocktails with Khloé" and "Revenge Body with Khloé Kardashian." She was also the co-host of "The X Factor USA".

Kardashian also owns a clothing business named Good American.

Kardashian married Los Angeles Lakers basketball player Lamar Odom in 2009. The two had their own TV show named "Khloé and Lamar". She filed for divorce in December 2013, and it was finalized in 2016. 

She previously dated NBA player James Harden and music producer French Montana. Kardashian was in an on-off relationship with Canadian basketball player Tristan Thompson. On September 26, 2017, it was revealed that they are expecting a child together. This announcement came after Kardashian's half-sister Kylie Jenner announced her own pregnancy with rapper Travis Scott.

On April 12, 2018, Kardashian gave birth to her first child (and Thompson's second), a daughter named True Thompson. In 2022, Kardashian and Thompson welcomed a son via surrogacy.

Amar Ramasar

Amar Ramasar (born c. 1981, The Bronx) is a principal dancer of the New York City Ballet. In 2010, "Dance Magazine" reported that Ramasar was one of the few Asian American professional ballet dancers. He took his first dance lessons at the Henry Street Settlement House on the Lower East Side. He went there every day by subway, from his home in the South Bronx.

2008 Kosovo declaration of independence

The 2008 Kosovo declaration of independence was an act of the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government Assembly of Kosovo. It was adopted on 17 February 2008 by all of the 109 members that were present, which was the minimum number needed for it to pass. It declared Kosovo to be independent from Serbia.

It was the second declaration of independence by Kosovo's Albanian-majority political institutions. The first was proclaimed on 7 September 1990.

The government of Serbia said that the declaration was illegal. It took the case to the International Court of Justice. The ICJ said that the declaration did not violate international law.

Following a request from Russia, the United Nations Security Council held an emergency session in the afternoon of 17 February. The United Nations Secretary-General, Ban Ki-moon, issued a statement that avoided taking sides and urged all parties "to refrain from any actions of statements that could endanger peace, incite violence or jeopardize security in Kosovo or the region." Speaking on behalf of six western countries—Belgium, Croatia, France, Germany, Italy and the United States—the Belgian ambassador expressed regret "that the Security Council cannot agree on the way forward, but this impasse has been clear for many months. Today's events... represent the conclusion of a status process that has exhausted all avenues in pursuit of a negotiated outcome."

On July 22, 2010 the International Court of Justice ruled that the declaration did not violate international law. Prior to the announcement Hashim Thaçi said there would be no "winners or losers" and that "I expect this to be a correct decision, according to the will of Kosovo's citizens. Kosovo will respect the advisory opinion." For his part, Boris Tadić, the Serbian president, warned that "If the International Court of Justice sets a new principle, it would trigger a process that would create several new countries and destabilise numerous regions in the world."

Equal justice under law

Equal justice under law is a sentence on the front of the United States Supreme Court building in Washington D.C..

Six-hour clock

The Thai six-hour clock is a traditional time system used in Thailand and Laos. It splits the day into 4 parts.

Grupo Santander

Grupo Santander is a banking group centered on Banco Santander, the largest bank in the Eurozone. Grupo Santander is one of the largest banks in the world (in terms of market capitalisation). It originated in Santander, Cantabria, Spain.

Banco Hispanoamericano was created in 1900. Banco Central was created in 1919. Banco Central and Banco Hispanoamericano merged.
Banco Santander was founded in 1857. Banco Central Hispano was founded in 1991. In 1999, Banco Santander and Banco Central Hispano merged, creating Banco Santander Central Hispano, or BSCH.

The 1999 merger between Santander and Central Hispano was designed to be a "merger of equals". The top executives of the two firms would share control of the new firm. Soon after the merger, former Central Hispano executives thought chairman Botin of trying to control the firm. They threatened to take legal action against him. The issue was resolved when Central Hispano the executives agreed to severance payments (money given when leaving a company), retirement. They also turned control of the firm over to Mr. Botin. This action cost the shareholders of the firm €164M.

Because of the large payouts, Mr. Botin was brought to trial on criminal charges of "misappropriation of funds" (using company money the wrong way) and "irresponsible management." In April 2005 he was cleared of all charges. The decision said the retirement payments made were legal, "made as compensation for the services provided to the bank." 

In 2005, Mr. Botin was accused of insider trading (trading stock based on knowledge the public did not have). The anti-corruption division of the Spanish public prosecutor's office cleared Mr. Botin of all charges.

On 26 July 2004 Banco Santander Central Hispano announced the purchase of Abbey National plc. The shareholders' approved of the purchase, and it was formally approved by the courts. Abbey became part of Grupo Santander on 12 November 2004.

In June 2006, Banco Santander Central Hispano purchased almost 20% of Sovereign Bank. They also acquired the option to buy Sovereign Bank for $40 per share in the middle of 2008.

In May 2007 Banco Santander Central Hispano announced that it would make an offer to purchase ABN AMRO. This offer was in conjunction with Royal Bank of Scotland and Fortis. BSCH's offered to purchase 28% of ABN AMRO. The offer would be made by a capital increase through a new stock share issue. In October 2007, the group outbid Barclays and purchased ABN AMRO. As part of the deal, Grupo Santander acquired ABN AMRO's subsidiary in Brazil, Banco Real, and its subsidiary in Italy, Banca Antonveneta.

On 13 August 2007, Banco Santander Central Hispano changed its legal name to Banco Santander.

In November 2007, it sold Banca Antonveneta to Monte dei Paschi di Siena. In March 2008, Banco Santander sold Interbanca, a subsidiary of Banca Antonveneta, to GE Commercial Finance In return, it received GE Money businesses in Germany, Finland and Austria, and GE's Card and Auto Financing Businesses in the UK. These will be integrated into Santander Consumer Finance.

The group announced in July 2008 that it intended to take over the UK bank Alliance & Leicester. Alliance & Leicester had £24bn in deposits and 254 branches. The purchase was completed in October 2008 when the group removed the company's shares from the London Stock Exchange. This was followed by the purchase of the savings business of UK bank Bradford & Bingley (B&B) in September 2008 B&B had deposits of £22bn, 2.6 m customers, 197 branches and 140 agencies. The banks, along with Abbey, are to be merged under the Santander name in the UK by the end of 2010.

In October 2008, Grupo Santander announced that it would purchase the 75.65% of Sovereign Bancorp it does not currently own. This would cost approximately US$1.9 billion (€1.4 billion). The purchase of Sovereign has given Santander its first retail bank in the mainland United States.

The Foundation has the objective of Financing Master and Doctorate Scholarships.

Grupo Santander has numerous operations in Latin America. It has renamed most of the subsidiaries it has acquired to Santander.

Grupo Santander has 131,819 employees, 90.1 million customers, 11,178 branches and 2.27 million shareholders. Retail banking - the main part of Santander's operations - generates 82% of the group's profit.

Currently, Santander is a corporate sponsor of the Ferrari Formula One team and the Copa Libertadores de America.

On December 1, 2008, Santander announced that their Formula One sponsorship deal with McLaren will end in 2010, when Santander will become Ferrari's main sponsor. However, in September 2009, Santander announced that it will continue its sponsorship with Vodafone McLaren-Mercedes due to its brand awareness in the UK rising from 20 to 82 percent.

On December 14, 2008, it was revealed that the collapse of Bernard Madoff's Ponzi scheme might mean the loss of 2.33 billion euros at Banco Santander.

On November 10, 2009, HSBC Finance Corporation announced an agreement with Santander Consumer USA Inc. (SC USA). SC USA would sell HSBC US auto loan processing operations, and US $1 billion in auto loan receivables (money due to be received) for US $904 million in cash. SC USA would also enter into a loan processing agreement for the remainder of its US auto loan portfolio. This portfolio is in liquidation (being sold to pay off a debt). The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2010.





































Canteen (bottle)

A canteen is a bottle which can be re-used. Canteens are most used for carrying water to places where water is hard to find. Many canteens can be worn on a belt, or held with a strap, like a purse. They are carried often by soldiers, hikers, and campers. Old canteens were mostly made of metal but newer ones can be made of plastic. The idea of a canteen comes from ancient times when water and wine were carried in bags made from animal skins. 

Canteen (place)

A canteen is a small restaurant. A restaurant found on an Army base or inside an office or factory is often called the canteen. The food in a canteen is usually cheaper than in a restaurant, because the price is subsidized.

Surfboard

A surfboard is a long platform used in the sport of surfing.

Škoda Yeti

The Škoda Yeti is an SUV car produced by Škoda Auto since 2009. It was facelifted in 2013 and its boxy styling received mixed reviews. It has been replaced in late 2017 by a new, normal looking model called the Karoq.


Hungarian Grand Prix

The Hungarian Grand Prix () is a Grand Prix where Formula One races take place.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Between 1999 and 2005 built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

Volkswagen Golf Mk6

The Volkswagen Golf Mk6 is the sixth generation of the compact car Volkswagen Golf. It successed the Mk5 in 2008.



NBC Symphony Orchestra

The NBC Symphony Orchestra was a radio orchestra. It was made by David Sarnoff of the National Broadcasting Company mostly for conductor Arturo Toscanini. The NBC Symphony performed weekly radio concert broadcasts with Toscanini and other conductors. It was the house orchestra for the network. It began November 13, 1937. It ended in 1954.

Gabriel Pierné

Henri Constant Gabriel Pierné (16 August 1863–17 July 1937) was a French composer, conductor, and organist.

Gabriel Pierné was born in Metz in 1863. His family moved to Paris to get away from the Franco-Prussian War. He studied at the Paris Conservatoire. Pierné got first prizes for solfège, piano, organ, counterpoint, and fugue. He won the French Prix de Rome in 1882, with his work "Edith". His teachers were Antoine François Marmontel, Albert Lavignac, Émile Durand, César Franck (for the organ) and Jules Massenet (for composition). 

He succeeded Franck as organist at Saint Clotilde Basilica in Paris from 1890 to 1898. Pierné himself was succeeded by another Franck student. His name was Charles Tournemire. Associated for many years with Édouard Colonne's concert series, the Concerts Colonne, from 1903, Pierné became head conductor of this series in 1910.

His most famous early performance was the world start of Igor Stravinsky's ballet "The Firebird", at the Ballets Russes, Paris, on 25 June 1910. He remained in the post until 1933. 

He died in Ploujean, Finistère, in 1937.

Flash (DC Comics character)

The Flash (or simply Flash) is the name of several popular comic book characters from the DC Comics universe. Nicknamed the "Scarlet Speedster", all versions of the Flash have the ability to travel at a very high speed, use superhuman reflexes and defy the laws of physics. The original Flash first appeared in "Flash Comics" #1 (cover date January 1940 / release month November 1939). This fictional character was created by writer Gardner Fox and Harry Lampert.

At least four different characters—each of whom somehow gained the power of the "Speed Force"—have assumed the role of the Flash in DC's history: College athlete Jay Garrick was the first character to take on the alter-ego "The Flash", other characters who have been the Flash are forensic scientist Barry Allen, Barry's brother-in-law Wally West who is currently the youngest Flash, he calls himself "Kid Flash"; and Barry's grandson Bart Allen who becomes "Impulse", the second hero known as Kid Flash. Each version of the Flash has been a key member of at least one of DC's premier teams: the Justice Society of America, the Justice League, and the Teen Titans. Most of the Flash stories take place in the fictional city of Central City.

The Flash is one of DC Comics' most popular characters and has been integral to the publisher's many reality-changing "crisis" storylines over the years. The original meeting of the Golden Age Flash Jay Garrick and Silver Age Flash Barry Allen in "Flash of Two Worlds" (1961) introduced the Multiverse storytelling concept to DC readers, which would become the basis for many DC stories in the years to come.

The original Flash Jay Garrick from the Golden Age got his powers by inhaling heavy water vapors after falling asleep in his science lab. He first used his powers to become a star football player. Then later he began to use his powers to fight crime. The character was created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Harry Lampert, and he first appeared in "Flash Comics #1" (1940)

Barry Allen is a police scientist. He got his powers when a lightning bolt hit his lab and splashed a number of chemicals on him. Becoming Flash was ironic as Barry was slow, methodical, and often late prior to gaining his powers. He is the Flash from the Silver Age, he was created by writer Robert Kanigher and penciler Carmine Infantino and he first appeared in "Showcase" #4 (October 1956).

Wally West got his powers at the young age of ten when he visited his uncle's laboratory (Uncle Barry Allen who was already Flash). He got some chemicals on him and gained the power of super-speed. Since he was so young he became "Kid Flash". Later on he would take over the role of his uncle as Flash. He is somehow the Flash from the Modern Age. He made his first appearance as the Kid Flash in the "Flash#110" in 1959 and he was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino.

Bart Allen is Barry Allen's grandson. He was born with Super-speed, but also fast aging causing him to appear twelve when he was only two years old. Once he got his aging under control he became "Impulse". He would later become Kid Flash and finally Flash once he had grown up. The character was created by Mark Waid and Mike Wieringo and he first made a cameo appearance in "The Flash" #91 in 1994, while his first full appearance in issue #92, and appeared as the lead character in "Impulse" (1995–2002) and "" (2006–2007).

Daughter of the speedster Johnny Quick, Jesse Chambers becomes a speeding superhero like her father. She later meets Wally West, the Flash, who asks her to be his replacement if something were to happen to him (as part of an elaborate plan on his part, trying to force Bart Allen to take his role in the legacy of the Flash more seriously). She briefly assumes the mantle of the Flash, after Wally enters the Speed Force.

John Fox was a historian for the National Academy of Science in Central City in the 27th Century. He was sent back in time to get the help of one or more of the three Flashes (Garrick, Allen, West), in order to defeat the radioactive villain Mota back in Fox's own time period. (Each Flash had individually fought Mota over the course of several years in the 20th century.) Fox's mission was a failure, but during his return trip, the tachyon radiation that sent him through the time stream gave him superspeed. He defeated Mota as a new iteration of the Flash and operated as his century's Flash for a time. Shortly after, he moved to the 853rd century and joined "Justice Legion A" (also known as Justice Legion Alpha) as seen in the DC One Million series of books. The name "John Fox" is combined from the names of seminal comic book writers John Broome, who co-created the Barry Allen and Wally West Flashes, and Gardner Fox, who co-created the Jay Garrick Flash.

The father of Sela Allen, his wife and daughter were captured by Cobalt Blue. He is forced to watch his wife die and his daughter become crippled. As he and Max Mercury kill Cobalt Blue, a child takes Cobalt Blue's power gem and kills Allen. This Flash is one of the two destined Flashes to be killed by Cobalt Blue.

Sela Allen is an ordinary human in the 23rd century until Cobalt Blue steals electrical impulses away from her, causing her to become as slow to the world as the world is to the Flash. Hoping to restore her, her father takes her into the Speed Force. When her father is killed, she appears as a living manifestation of the Speed Force, able to lend speed to various people and objects, but unable to physically interact with the world.

Blaine Allen and his son live on the colony world of Petrus in the 28th century. In an attempt to end the Allen blood line, Cobalt Blue injects Allen's son Jace with a virus. Lacking super speed, Jace was unable to shake off the virus. In despair, Blaine takes his son to the Speed Force in the hopes that it would accept him. It takes Blaine instead and grants super speed to Jace so that he can shake off the sickness.

Jace Allen gains super speed when his father brings him into the Speed Force to attempt to cure him of a virus injected into his body by Cobalt Blue in an attempt to end the Allen bloodline. In memory of his father, Jace assumes the mantle of the Flash and continues the feud against Cobalt Blue.

After an alien creature invades Earth, a history buff named Kriyad travels back in time from the 98th century to acquire a Green Lantern power ring. He fails, so he tries to capture the Flash's speed instead. After being beaten by Barry Allen ("The Flash" (vol. 1) #309, May 1982), he travels back further in time and uses the chemicals from the clothes Barry Allen was wearing when he gained his powers to give himself super speed. Kryiad later sacrifices his life to defeat the alien creature.

Bizarro-Flash was created when Bizarro cloned Flash. He had a costume the reverse colors of Flash's, however he had a mallet symbol because Flash was holding one when he was cloned. The modern version of Bizarro Flash has the symbol of a thunderbolt-shaped mustard stain. He has the powers of the Flash but he is completely intangible.

Like his Justice League colleagues Wonder Woman, Superman and Batman, the Flash has a distinctive cast of adversaries, including the various Rogues (unique among DC supervillains for their code of honor) and the various psychopathic "speedsters" who go by the names Reverse-Flash or Zoom. Other supporting characters in "Flash" stories include Barry's wife Iris West, Wally's wife Linda Park, Bart's girlfriend Valerie Perez, friendly fellow speedster Max Mercury, and Central City police department members David Singh and Patty Spivot.

The Flash has been adapted to numerous DC movies, video games, animated series, and live-action television shows. In live action, Barry Allen has been portrayed by Rod Haase for the 1979 television special "Legends of the Superheroes", John Wesley Shipp portrayed the title character in the 1990's television series "The Flash" and Grant Gustin portrays Barry Allen in the 2014 television series titled "The Flash". Shipp also portrays a version of Jay Garrick in the 2014 "The Flash" series. Ezra Miller played the Flash in "", "Justice League" (2017) and its director's cut (2021) and in "The Flash" (2023). The various incarnations of the Flash also feature in animated series such as , "Justice League",  "and" "Young Justice"", as well as the DC Universe Animated Original Movies series.

Terry Wogan

Sir Michael Terence Wogan (; 3 August 1938 – 31 January 2016), better known as Terry Wogan, was a veteran Irish-British radio and television broadcaster, who has worked for the British Broadcasting Corporation in the United Kingdom for most of his career. Before he retired from the weekday breakfast programme "Wake Up to Wogan" on BBC Radio 2 on 18 December 2009, Wogan had a regular eight million listeners, making him the most listened to radio broadcaster of any European nation. He began his career at Raidió Teilifís Éireann where he presented shows such as "Jackpot" in the 1960s.

Wogan was a leading media personality in the UK from the late 1960s and is often referred to as a national treasure. He is best known in the United Kingdom for his BBC 1 chat show "Wogan", the game show Blankety Blank, for his work presenting "Children in Need", as the host of "Wake Up to Wogan"on BBC Radio 2, and as the BBC's commentator for the "Eurovision Song Contest" from 1980 to 2008. He was awarded an honorary knighthood in 2005. When he took dual British citizenship later that year, he became entitled to be addressed as "Sir Terry Wogan".

Wogan started a primetime weekend show on Radio 2 from 14 February 2010.

Wogan died on 31 January 2016 in Taplow, Buckinghamshire, England from cancer of unknown primary origin at the age of 77.

Wake Up to Wogan

Wake Up to Wogan (WUTW) was the most listened to radio show in the United Kingdom and the flagship breakfast programme broadcast on BBC Radio 2. The show was presented by Sir Terry Wogan who fronted WUTW from 4th January 1993; he had previously presented the breakfast show between 1972 and 1984, but the title WUTW was only added at the start of his second term. On 7 September 2009, Wogan confirmed to his listeners that he would be leaving the show at the end of the year, with Chris Evans taking over the breakfast show from the 11th January 2010. The final show was broadcast on 18 December 2009. Regular stand-in presenter Johnnie Walker would become interim host of the breakfast show for the three week period between Wogan's departure and Evans'.

Attica Correctional Facility

Attica Correctional Facility is a prison in Attica, New York. The prison was the site of a riot in 1971, because prisoners wanted better conditions in it.

Happy slapping

Happy slapping is a trend in which innocent people are hurt, for no apparent reason. Most of the time, happy slapping is done in groups. One person in the group will hit an innocent person, while another films the onset. In English-speaking countries, the crime is usually deemed assault. In some cases, the victims are beaten to unconsciousness, or even killed. Mostly, the name is used for small acts of violence such as hitting or jumping on the victim, but the media has also used it for more serious crimes such as murder, rape, and sexual assault.

Happy slapping began in South London, particularly the London Borough of Lewisham. The first use was as "Slap Happy TV", where many people would watch and judge the exploit of a happy slapper.

Eni

Eni S.p.A. () is an Italian multinational oil and gas company. Eni is present in 62 countries, and currently is Italy's largest industrial company. It has a market capitalization of US$ 54.06 billion, as of 11 April 2021. The Italian Government owns a 30.33% golden share in the company. Golden shares are special stock shares that allow the government to control a company. 4.37% of the shares are held through the state Treasury and 25.96% are held through the Cassa depositi e prestiti (a bank mostly owned by the Ministry of Economy and Finance of Italy). In 2022 Eni ranks 111th on both the Fortune Global 500 and the Forbes Global 2000 list for largest companies by revenue.

Agip was started in 1926. After World War II, Enrico Mattei was appointed Special Administrator to close down Agip. With the discovery of the Caviaga gas field in the Po Valley, the process of closing Agip was halted. Enrico Mattei converted it to a state monopoly (a company with no competition), and renamed it Eni. Eni comes from the company's original full name "Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi" (National Hydrocarbons Agency). Eni was to supply energy to Italy and contribute to the country's industrial development.

Eni decided that natural gas would supply the energy needed from the crisis of the 1973 oil embargo. They import gas from the Soviet Union and the Netherlands. Snam started the Transmediterranean pipeline, moving gas from the Hassi-R-Mel field in Algeria to the Po Valley. The gas pipeline was more than 2,500 km or 1550 miles long. It started in the Algerian desert and crosses Tunisia. It then crosses the Sicilian Channel at a water depth of over 650 metres or 2100 feet. Next it goes through Sicily and up the length of the entire Italian peninsula.

In the 1990s, Eni changed from a public corporation into a joint stock company. Most of Eni's share capital was put on the market in four successive public issues. Agip's international work increased with new acquisitions in Algeria, China, Angola, the North Sea and Egypt. New agreements were signed with Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan and for the Nigerian and Angolan deep water oil. Eni incorporated Agip, and became an oil and gas producer. Eni's daily oil and gas production reached the equivalent of 1,871 million barrels of oil.

In the 2000s, Eni started many projects for the production of renewable sources in Italy, such as the conversion of its refineries in Porto Marghera and in Gela into biorefineries (refineries that convert organic material to energy), or Progetto Italia, to build photovoltaic plants in Sardinia (Assemini, Porto Torres).

Eni is the main shareholder of the American company Commonwealth Fusion Systems (CFS). Together with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), CFS is trying to build a fusion reactor using a principle called Tokamak. This reactor is expected to be cheaper than the ones designed in other international projects. In September 2021 CFS carried out an experiment using high-temperature superconductors, which showed that it is possible to create a fusion chamber that mimics the fusion process of deuterium and tritium that occurs inside the sun, in order to produce sustainable energy.

Eni operates in the exploration (searching) and production of hydrocarbons (oil and natural gas) in Italy, North Africa, West Africa, the North Sea, the Gulf of Mexico and Australia. It also operates in areas with great potential to produce oil such as the Caspian Sea, the Middle and Far East, India and Alaska.

Its crude oil production comes primarily from Libya, Egypt, Nigeria, the Congo, the North Sea, and Angola. Smaller amounts of crude oil production come from Tunisia and in the United States. Eni's China production began in 1992, but it is only 1 percent of Eni's total crude oil production.

Eni supplies natural gas. Gas sales reached 60,52 billion cubic meters in 2022. In June 2008 the company bought 57% of Distrigas, a Belgian company that supplies natural gas. In March 2009 it bought the rest of Distrigas. As of June 30, 2009 Distrigas is a fully owned subsidiary of Eni.

Eni's generates electricity in Italy, using both natural gas and solar power.

Eni operates Saipem, a subsidiary, and owns 30.54% of the company. Saipem works in engineering, and oilfield services and construction.

Eni is one of the majors operators in refining and marketing of petroleum products in Italy. Eni is also engaged in retail and wholesales activities in Central Europe and Eastern Europe.

Since 2007, Eni ranked in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index and it was also included in the FTSE4Good Index, two famous indexes that evaluate the sustainability performance and the ethical investments of the companies that are listed on international markets. In 2013 Eni was the only FTSE MIB (Milano Italia Borsa) company to have the triple E for Standard Ethics. Eni is among the Top 10 companies by sustainability score in the WBCSD rank, a rank conceived by a global organization including over 200 international companies that works on issues related to sustainable development. Eni is involved in many projects to help fighting the climate change and cooperates with several institution to reduce its impact on the environment.

The Central Energy Italian Gas Holding scandal in 2005 involved Eni and Gazprom. Eni was one of the two companies selected to provide natural gas to Italy. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was a close friend of one of the main owners of Eni. The Italian parliament canceled the contract. In 2009, the European Commission filed formal antitrust charges against Eni. The commission believes that Eni has conspired (planned) to keep competitors from using its gas pipelines. In 2010, Eni proposed to sell its shares of the pipelines TAG, TENP e Transitgas and the European Commission accepted Eni proposal.


Mercedes GP

Mercedes GP Petronas Formula One Team, the trading name of Mercedes-Benz Grand Prix Limited. They are the Formula One racing team and constructor (builder) of Mercedes-Benz. Mercedes-Benz debuted in Formula One in , and competed with great success in the and seasons. After the 1955 season, Mercedes left the sport. Despite part-ownerships, and engine supplier deals in the 1990s and 2000s, it did not return as a factory team until November 2009.

Mercedes has been giving engines to the McLaren team since . Mercedes-Benz, through its parent Daimler AG, and in partnership with Aabar Investments, reached an agreement to purchase the Brawn GP team. Daimler would buy 45.1% of Brawn, and Aabar would buy 30%. The purchase would be pending corporate and regulatory approval. The Brawn team was created when they purchased the Honda Racing F1 team. Brawn had won the drivers' and constructors' championships in the season, their first and only season as a team.

Former Williams driver Nico Rosberg was joined by seven-time World Champion Michael Schumacher for the team's maiden racing season. Mercedes has Nick Heidfeld as the test and reserve driver. In August, Mercedes released Heidfeld from his contract to allow him to do tyre testing. He will test the new Pirelli tyre that will be used in the season. In September, Heidfeld was signed by Sauber to replace Pedro de la Rosa.

Mercedes-Benz first competed in Grand Prix motor racing in the 1930s. The Silver Arrows cars by Mercedes-Benz and rivals Auto Union were the best racing cars. Both teams were heavily funded by the Nazi regime. They won all the European Grand Prix Championships after 1932. Rudolf Caracciola won three of the championships for Mercedes-Benz.

In 1954 Mercedes-Benz returned to racing in the current f1 series using the advanced Mercedes-Benz W196 (pictured). This car was run in both open-wheeled and streamlined (body work that covered the wheels) forms. Juan Manuel Fangio, a previous champion the season transferred mid-season from Maserati to Mercedes-Benz for their debut at the French Grand Prix on July 4, 1954. The team had immediate success with a 1-2 victory (taking both first and second place) with Fangio and Karl Kling. They also set the fastest lap of the race with (Hans Herrmann). Fangio went on to win three more races in 1954, and won the Formula One World Championship.

They continued to have success in the season, where the same car was used again. Mercedes dominated the season, with Fangio wining four races, and his new team mate Stirling Moss winning the British Grand Prix. Fangio and Moss finished first and second in 1955's World Championship. A terrible crash at the 1955 24 Hours of Le Mans on June 11 killed Mercedes driver Pierre Levegh and over 80 spectators. This crash led to the cancellations of the French, German, Spanish and Swiss Grands Prix that year. Mercedes-Benz withdrew from motor sport, including Formula One, at the end of the 1955 season.

The company made a return to the Formula One in by unofficially supplying the Sauber team with engines. The next year, the partnership was made official. For , Mercedes change teams and started supplying engines to the McLaren. Mercedes also purchased a small portion of the McLaren. McLaren won three drivers' championships and one constructors' championship between 1995 and . In 2009, Mercedes began supplying engines to the Brawn GP and Force India teams. In 2009, Brawn won both the driver's and constructors' championship.

The current Mercedes team can be traced back to the long-running Tyrrell Racing team. Tyrrell competed as a constructor from 1970 until 1998. In 1999, Tyrrell became British American Racing (BAR). BAR formed a partnership with Honda, and becoming Honda Racing F1 Team in 2006. In December 2008, Honda decided to leave Formula One racing, and Brawn GP, was formed from the Honda Team. Brawn's association with Mercedes began when the team opted to use the Mercedes FO 108W engine at the last minute. Mercedes needed special permission to supply engines to Brawn. The Formula One regulations at the time only allowed an engine supplier to supply two teams. Mercedes was already supplying engines to both McLaren and Force India.

Brawn won the first race it entered at the 2009 Australian Grand Prix. Jenson Button won six of their first seven races of the season, and won the World Championship. His team-mate Rubens Barrichello won at Valencia and Italy. Both Button and Brawn went on to secure the Drivers' and Constructors' World Championships in the race in Brazil, the next to the last race of the season. It was the first time in the sport's sixty-year history that a team won both the drivers' and constructors' titles in its maiden (first) season.

On November 16, 2009, it was officially announced that Mercedes would acquire the Brawn team, with Ross Brawn continuing his duties as team leader. The team will continue to be located in Brackley, United Kingdom. Brackley is less than 30 miles away from Mercedes' Formula One engine plant in Brixworth.

Nico Rosberg was announced as the team's first driver on November 23, 2009. On December 23, 2009, seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher announced that he will be returning to Formula One with the Mercedes team. Brawn's former drivers Jenson Button joined McLaren, and Rubens Barrichello joined Williams team for 2010. With the acquisition of Brawn, Mercedes parted ways with McLaren. The 40% stake that Daimler (which owns Mercedes) has in McLaren will be sold back to the McLaren Group for a reported £500m.

One reason given for Mercedes parting with McLaren was "because of McLaren's ambitious plans to build road cars". McLaren plan to put the McLaren MP4-12C in production by 2011. Mercedes has said it would continue to supply engines to McLaren until 2015.

In December 2009, the team suffered an early setback when it was discovered that an eighty million pound sponsorship arrangement that had been signed by Brawn with the German company Henkel was invalid. Henkel claimed they were unaware of the deal and were not interested in Formula One. They said the deal was made by a former Henkel employee on stolen company stationery to defrauding the company. On December 22, Henkel announced that the dispute with the Mercedes had been resolved with a mutual agreement and that legal action would not be pursued. Henkel plans to work with the German Prosecutor's Office to clarify the matter.

On December 21, the team announced that Malaysian oil supplier Petronas would join the team as the main sponsor. The team will compete under the full title of Mercedes GP Petronas Formula One Team. According to some reports, ⁣ the sponsorship is worth thirty million Euros each year. Together with the fifty million the team received for winning the 2009 championship as Brawn, Mercedes has a budget of eighty million Euros before spending any of their own money.

On January 25, 2010, the team's livery (paint scheme) was publicly unveiled at the Mercedes museum in Stuttgart, with Schumacher and Rosberg in attendance. The car races in Mercedes' traditional silver colors and retains Brawn GP sponsor MIGfx and adds investment group Aabar to its list of sponsors.


Germania (painting)

Germania is a painting by Philipp Veit created in March 1848 during the Revolutions of 1848. 
Today "Germania" is in the Germanisches Nationalmuseum in Nuremberg.

Philipp Veit

Philipp Veit (13 February 1793 – 18 December 1877) was a German Romantic painter. One of Veit's most important paintings was Germania in 1848.

Veit was born in Berlin, Prussia. He was the son of a banker Simon Veit 


Pöcking

Pöcking is a municipality in Germany. It is in the district of Starnberg in Bavaria. The Prince of Austria-Hungary, Otto von Habsburg, lived there until his death on July 4, 2011.

BMW Compact

The BMW Compact is an automobile made by BMW in two generations from 1994 until 2004. It was replaced by the 1 Series in 2004.



Volkswagen Jetta Mk2

The Volkswagen Jetta Mk2 is the second generation of the Volkswagen Jetta. It successed the Mk1 in 1984, and were in 1992 successed by the Vento.




Alfa Romeo 159

The Alfa Romeo 159 is a car produced by Alfa Romeo. It succeeded the 156 in 2005. Production ceased in 2011. It was eventually replaced in 2016 with the Giulia. 



Damselfly

Damselflies are insects in the order Odonata. They are similar to dragonflies, but are in a separate suborder, the Zygoptera. There are 20 families of damselfly. "Demoiselle" is another name for damselflies.

The wings of most damselflies are held along, and parallel to, the body when at rest. There are also damselfly families in which the wings are held open, as in the true dragonflies (Anisoptera). 

Damselflies are also usually smaller, weaker fliers than dragonflies. Their eyes are well separated by more than their own diameter. Another distinction is that their forewings and hindwings look similar; this is not the case in the true dragonflies. Like dragonflies, damselflies cannot walk, but only land. Their life cycle is also similar. They have incomplete metamorphosis, with an aquatic nymph. The nymph is carnivorous, as is the adult.

Damselflies have existed since the later Carboniferous (early forms may be put in the Protozygoptera by some authorities). They are found on every continent except Antarctica. One feature of their life is different from dragonflies. Not only do their nymphs grow in rivers, but the adults usually keep close to the river, and live in colourful little groups. Most damselflies live their lives within a short distance of where they were hatched.

They are often brilliantly coloured, but when they land on a bush, out of direct sunlight, they are not easy to see. They land and close their wings at the same instant. They have eyes which detect movement well, and they fly off if anything moves nearby. Thus, although they are fragile and highly coloured, they are not easily caught by predators.

All damselflies are predatory; both nymphs and adults eat other insects.

Klinefelter syndrome

Klinefelter syndrome, 47, XXY, or XXY syndrome is a genetic disorder where people have an extra number of X chromosomes. People who have Klinefelter's Syndrome are often called "XXY Males", or "47, XXY Males".

Males who have this condition are almost always infertile. This means that they cannot father babies.

Any male mammal can have Klinefelter's Syndrome. The mouse is one example. 
Tortoiseshell or calico markings on male cats are an indicator of Klinefelter's syndrome. These cats are considered to be the model organism for Klinefelter syndrome, because the gene for a cat's orange/black coat markings is found on the X chromosome. 

Rumba

Rumba is a music and dance term with two different meanings.

First, it means Cuban event of African style, the rumba genre of Afro-Cuban music. This use of the term 'rumba' is quite different from the Latin ballroom dance.

Second, it refers to one of the Latin ballroom dances. In this sense, the Rumba is the slowest of the five competitive International Latin dances. The Paso doble, the Samba, the Cha-cha-cha and the Jive are the others. This ballroom Rumba was also danced in Cuba to a rhythm they call the "bolero-son". The international style was derived from studies of dance in Cuba in the pre-revolutionary period.

The "Peanut Vendor" was the first recording of Cuban music to become an international hit. It was described on the label as a "rumba", perhaps because the word "son" would not be understood in English. The label stuck, and a 'rumba craze' developed through the 1930s. This kind of rumba was introduced into dance salons in America and Europe in the 1930s, and was characterized by variable tempo, sometimes nearly twice as fast as the modern ballroom Rumba.

The modern style of dancing the Rumba derives from studies made by dance teacher Monsieur Pierre (Pierre Zurcher-Margolle). Pierre, then from London, visited Cuba in 1947, 1951 and 1953 to find out how and what Cubans were dancing at the time. 

The international ballroom Rumba is a slower dance of about 120 beats per minute which corresponds, both in music and in dance to what the Cubans of an older generation called the "bolero-son". It is easy to see why, for ease of reference and for marketing, "rumba" is a better name, however inaccurate. It is the same kind of reason that led later on to the use of salsa as an overall term for popular music of Cuban origin.

All social dances in Cuba involve a hip-sway over the standing leg and, though this is hardly noticeable in fast salsa, it is more pronounced in the slow ballroom rumba. Walter Laird put it like this:
In general, steps are kept compact and the dance is danced without any rise and fall. This style is authentic, as is the use of free arms in various figures. The basic figures derive from dance moves observed in Havana in the pre-revolutionary period, and have developed their own life since then. Competition figures are often complex, and this is where competition dance separates from social dance. Details can be obtained from the syllabi of dance teaching organizations and from standard texts.


The Gadget Show

Shop Smart, Save Money is a British television series which used to be called "The Gadget Show". It focuses on technology and is shown on Channel 5. It has progressed from 30 minutes to 1 hour long. Each week there are various features and tests, as well as a weekly competition.

The show tries to have enough information but not too much so that it bores people. It has been on television since 2004.

Bullfighting

Bullfighting is an old sport. Today it is mostly done in Spain, and in Portugal, and some countries of South America.

The largest bullring is the Plaza México in central Mexico City, which seats 48,000 people, and the oldest is the La Maestranza in Seville, Spain, which was first used for bullfighting in 1765.

The Spanish bullfight ("Corrida de toros") is a fight to the death. The modern bullfight has a ritual. It has three distinct stages, the start of each being signalled by a trumpet. The bullfighters ("Toreros") enter the arena in a parade, to Paso doble music. The rules, costumes and traditions were sorted out by Paquiro (Francisco Montes Reina, 13 January 1804 4 April 1851, the greatest matador of his time.

A team of bullfighters is seven men. The leader is the matador, and he has six assistants, who play roles in the drama. Bullfighters' costumes are inspired by 18th century Andalusian clothing. "Matadores" ('those who kill the bull') are easily seen by the gold of their "traje de luces" ('suit of lights').

At the end comes the "tercio de muerte" ('the third of death'). The matador re-enters the ring alone with a small red cape, and a sword. The cape called a "muleta". The matador uses his cape to attract the bull in a series of passes. The "faena" is the performance with the cape. The "faena" ends with a final series of passes in which the bullfighter tries to move the bull into position. He then stabs it between the shoulder blades and through the aorta or heart. The act of thrusting in the sword is called an "estocada".

If the matador gets it wrong, he may be gored by the bull's horns, and killed. This does happen: some very famous matadors have died in the ring. When the great matador Manolete was killed in the ring at the age of 31, three days of official national mourning were held. Bullrings do have an infirmary with an operating room, for the immediate treatment of bullfighters with horn wounds.

There is great opposition to the bullfight from animal welfare organisations. There are also versions of the bullfight in which the animal is unharmed.

Bullfighting has influenced all forms of art and culture. Ernest Hemingway said of bullfinghting: "Bullfighting is the only art in which the artist is in danger of death and in which the degree of brilliance in the performance is left to the fighter's honour". Spanish dance and musical forms such as the paso doble and flamenco are heavily influenced by the spectacle of the bullfight.

Casual sex

Casual sex means some types of sexual activity outside of a romantic relationship. The term is not always used the same way: some use it to refer to sex in a casual relationship, and others use the word for one-time encounters, promiscuity, or to refer to sex without strong emotional attachment or love.

A hookup is casual sex activity that could consist of masturbation, oral sex, or sexual intercourse. An extended hookup sometimes refers to many casual sex interactions with the same person. This is a situation in which the involved people meet for casual sex multiple times, always without a long-term commitment. This is a casual relationship is usually only for sex and without any emotional meaning. Also another similar term is "no strings attached" ("NSA") sex.

Other terms used to describe two people engaged in a relationship in which there is no emotional but only sexual involvement are "fuck buddies", "friends with benefits", "booty call", and "ami calin" (the popular French term).

One-night stand is a single sexual encounter between people, at least one of whom has no desire to start a longer-term sexual or romantic relationship.

Anonymous sex is a form of one-night stand or "casual sex" between people who have very little or no history with each other, often engaging in sexual activity on the same day of their meeting and usually never seeing each other again after the sex. It is usually homosexual sex between men.

There are many specialist online dating services or other internet websites, known as "adult personals" or "adult matching" sites, which cater to people looking for a purely physical relationship, without emotional attachments. These can provide a relatively anonymous forum where people who are geographically close but in totally separate work and social circles can make contact.



Ice algae

Ice algae and snow algae are algae and cyanobacteria which grow on long-lasting snow and ice fields like glaciers. When liquid water is available between the snow and ice crystals, they may color the surface green, yellow or red during the summer months. The red pigment of some species is an intracellular protection against excessive visual light and ultraviolet radiation of the sun, which otherwise can cause photoinhibition of photosynthesis or mutations. Without it, the algae at the surface would suffer chromosome breaks and DNA mutations.

There are also ice algal communities on sea ice. These algae (mainly diatoms) are important in polar ecosystems (especially Antarctica) because they provide food for krill. Krill scrape off the algae from the underside of the ice, which is colored brown by the algae. The algae may be found between ice crystals or attached to them, in the water or saltwater channels between ice crystals. 

"Chlamydomonas nivalis" is a green microalga which causes, besides other closely relative species, Watermelon snow.

Watermelon snow is snow that is reddish or pink in color, and that can have a smell similar to a fresh watermelon. This type of snow is common during the summer in alpine and coastal polar regions, such as the Sierra Nevada of California. Here, at altitudes of 10,000 to 12,000 feet (3,000–3,600 m), the temperature is cold throughout the year, and so the snow lingers from winter storms. When someone steps on the snow with algae, the footprints look red. 
"Chlamydomonas nivalis" is a green alga which owes its red color to a bright red carotenoid pigment (Astaxanthin). This protects the chloroplast and cell nucleus from strong visible and ultraviolet radiation. The green and red pigments absorb light and heat, which gives the alga liquid water as the snow melts around it. Algal blooms may go 25 cm (10 inches) deep. Since each cell measures 20 to 30 micrometers in diameter, a teaspoon of melted snow contains a million or more cells. The algae build up in 'sun cups', which are shallow depressions in the snow. The carotenoid pigment absorbs heat, which deepens the sun cups, and makes the glaciers and snowbanks melt faster.

During the winter months, when white snow covers them, the algae become dormant. In spring, nutrients, increased levels of light and meltwater, stimulate germination. Once they germinate, the resting cells release smaller green flagellate cells which travel towards the surface of the snow. Once the flagellated come close to the surface, they may lose their flagellae and form thick-walled resting cells, or they may function as gametes, fusing in pairs to form zygotes.

Some specialised species feed on "C. nivalis", including protozoans such as ciliates, rotifers, nematodes, ice worms and springtails.

The first accounts of watermelon snow are in the writings of Aristotle. Watermelon snow has puzzled mountain climbers, explorers, and naturalists for thousands of years.

In May 1818, four ships sailed from England to search for the Northwest Passage and chart the Arctic coastline of North America. Bad weather made them finally turn the ships back, but the expedition made important contributions to science. Captain John Ross noticed crimson snow that streaked the white cliffs like streams of blood as they were rounding Cape York on the northwest coast of Greenland. A landing party stopped and brought back samples to England. "The Times" wrote about this discovery on December 4, 1818:

When Ross published his story of the voyage in 1818, the story had an appendix of plants by Robert Brown. In it, Brown compared the red snow to an alga.


Scuderia Toro Rosso

Scuderia Toro Rosso (Italian for "Team Red Bull") or just Toro Rosso is one of two Formula One teams owned by Austrian beverage company Red Bull. The other team is Red Bull Racing. Toro Rosso ran its first race in the season. 

Toro Rosso is the sister team of Red Bull Racing. The goal is to use Toro Rosso to develop the skills of promising drivers for the Red Bull Racing. Vitantonio Liuzzi scored Roro Rosso's first point in its first season at the United States Grand Prix. The team's first pole position and victory were scored by Sebastian Vettel at the Italian Grand Prix.

For the , , and seasons, Toro Rosso used Ferrari engines. Toro Rosso started using the Ferrari engines when Red Bull Racing switched from Ferrari to Renault engines. Its car, the Toro Rosso STR4 was nearly identical to the Red Bull RB5. Both cars were designed by Adrian Newey.

Minardi had competed in Formula One from 1985 to 2005. Minardi had a large fan base, but they were one of the least competitive teams in the sport. The main reason for their lack of performance was a relatively small budget. Minardi owner Paul Stoddart said he had 41 offers to buy the team. Stoddart preferred to sell the team to someone who could "take it further" than he could. He also wanted an owner who would maintain the team in its traditional base in Italy. The terms of the deal with Red Bull included a requirement that the team must keep in Faenza, Italy until at least the season.

Red Bull decided to changed the Minardi name because of their sponsorship and marketing plans. Red Bull used the Italian language in the new name to hint at the team's Italian heritage. Red Bull changed the name of the team after taking control of the team to 'Scuderia Toro Rosso'.

Vitantonio Liuzzi and Scott Speed were the race drivers, with Neel Jani filling the test/third driver role. Liuzzi had raced part time for Red Bull Racing in , while Speed entered F1 following the Red Bull Driver Search in the United States. Jani was the test driver for Sauber Petronas in .

The 2006 Toro Rosso chassis was a modified version of the 2005 Red Bull Racing RB1. Some teams felt that this infringed the rule that each team must design their own car. Toro Rosso claim that this design was first produced during by Jaguar Racing, Red Bull's predecessor. They believed that the design rights had belonged to the Ford Motor Company, Jaguar Racing's parent company before passing to Toro Rosso.

The new Formula One regulations for 2006 required new V8 engines. Toro Rosso was allowed to used Minardi's supply of power limited Cosworth 3 liter V10 engines. This option had been created to assist the less funded teams the expense of building new engines. Formula One allowing Toro Rosso to use this option after the Red Bull takeover caused friction with other teams, in particular Super Aguri and Midland. These teams felt that the engine gave Toro Rosso too much of an advantage. They relived that the concession to allow the team use the V10 engine was based on Minardi's poor financial situation, and should not have apply after the team was purchased by Red Bull.

 For the season, Toro Rosso began using the Ferrari 056 V8 engine, taking over the contract that Red Bull Racing broke from by switching to Renault engines.

At the launch of the STR2 on 13 February, Gerhard Berger confirmed Liuzzi as a driver. In testing in Bahrain on 24 February, Scott Speed was confirmed as the team's second driver. Three-time Champ Car champion Sébastien Bourdais was the unofficial test driver several times during the season.

The 2007 season was generally disappointing. The team suffered poor reliability and driver errors that lead to a low number of race finishes. Following the European Grand Prix, Scott Speed was removed as a driver. He was replaced by BMW Sauber development driver Sebastian Vettel. Vettel was later confirmed as a driver for .

At the Chinese Grand Prix, Toro Rosso scored their best results. Vettel finishing fourth and Liuzzi sixth, scoring eight points for the team. These were also the drivers' best finishes in Formula One. It was a big improvement over the preceding race. At the Japanese Grand Prix, Vettel crashed into Mark Webber's Red Bull under safety car conditions (full course yellow). Webber was running in second place, and Vettel was in third place. Liuzzi lost the possibility of scoring a point after a 25-second penalty. He was penalized for passing Adrian Sutil's Spyker for eighth place under a local yellow flag condition. The penalty dropped him to ninth place.

Scuderia Toro Rosso's drivers for were Sebastian Vettel and Sébastien Bourdais. Bourdais earned his first points in F1 with a 7th place finish at the Australian Grand Prix. Vettel scored his first points of the season with a 5th place finish at the Monaco Grand Prix. 

The team pulled off a massive shock at the wet Italian Grand Prix. Vettel claiming a pole position and won the race. It was the first pole and win for both himself and Toro Rosso. This was also the first win for a Ferrari engine in a customer chassis. Vettel's performances earned him a place at Red Bull Racing for .

 With Vettel moving to Red Bull Racing Sébastien Buemi and Sébastien Bourdais were the Toro Rosso drivers for . Before the season started, the team's boss Franz Tost said that it would be "difficult" to do as well as they did in the 2008 season. On 16 July, Toro Rosso announced that Bourdais' contract was terminated. On 20 July, the team announced that Jaime Alguersuari will replace Bourdais starting with the Hungarian Grand Prix. 

The season ended with Toro Rosso finishing in last place in the championship. Force India was able to move ahead in the point race after finishing second in the Belgian Grand Prix. At the end of the season, Sébastien Buemi was able to score points in the final two races. Jaime Alguersuari failed to score any points in the season.

Controversy was present as whether or not the team threw away their chances by having two inexperienced drivers as essentially their car had the same DNA as what is said to have been the best on the grid, Redbull Racing's RB5.
Scuderia Toro Rosso confirmed that they would keep Sébastien Buemi and Jaime Alguersuari for . Under the new regulations they also had to build and design their own car without help from Red Bull Technology, the teams first since Minardi. Alguersuari scored the first points of his career finishing ninth at the Malaysian Grand Prix. They went on to perform poorly throughout the season occasionally mixing it with the saubers, Force Indias and Vitaly Petrov. However they were continually the 'driver' who went out of the first qualifying with the three new teams.

The 2008 contract between the FIA and the Formula One teams outlawing customer cars starting in . Because of this, Red Bull put the Toro Rosso team up for sale in March 2008. They had hoped to sell the team by the end of the season. Until the team is sold, Toro Rosso will continue in its present form.On the 3rd of January 2011 rumours spread that a buyer had been found.

Sports sponsorship is a major part of Red Bull's marketing strategy. Scuderia Toro Rosso is not the first sports team to be bought and completely renamed. The same was done for Red Bull Racing (formerly Jaguar Racing), the Austrian football club Red Bull Salzburg (formerly "SV Austria Salzburg"), Austrian Ice Hockey team Red Bull Salzburg EC and MLS' Red Bull New York (previously "Metrostars").

Other current sponsors and suppliers include Hangar-7, Volkswagen, Advanti Racing (wheel), USAG, Magneti Marelli, Advanti Racing, Siemens and Hexagon Metrology.


John Deere

John Deere (February 7, 1804 – May 17, 1886) was an American blacksmith and inventor. He started Deere & Company, which is a big company that makes farm equipment. In 1837, he invented the first successful steel plow. This worked better with the tough soil of the Midwestern United States.

John Deere was born in Rutland, Vermont, on February 7, 1804. He was the third son of William Rinold Deere and Sarah Yates Deere. In 1805, the family moved to Middlebury, Vermont, John's father worked as a tailor. In 1808, William took a boat to England, because he hoped to claim an inheritance and make a more comfortable life for his family. He was never heard from again, and people think that he must have died at sea. John's mother, Sarah, only had a small amount of money to raise him. John Deere's education was limited to the elementary schools of Vermont. At the age of 17 he learned how to be a blacksmith, which took him to several places in Vermont.

In 1836, John traveled to Grand Detour, Illinois, to make a fresh start. He had married and nine young children to look after. John was smart and hard working and he easily found work as a blacksmith. There were lots of farmers in Illinois and John had to fix their plows. The new farmers in Illinois struggled to turn heavy, sticky prairie soil with cast iron plows designed for the light, sandy soil of Vermont. John thought about the steel needles he had seen in father's tailor shop. The needles stayed smooth and shiny because they were pulled through rough leather. John Deere came up with the idea for a plow that would work. The plow in his mind was polished and shiny and made of steel just like his father's tailoring needles. It was shaped so that it could scour itself as it cut furrows. In 1837, he created his plow using a broken saw blade.

John sold his first plow to a farmer named Lewis Crandall. Lewis loved the plow told lots of other farmers. By 1841, John was making 100 plows every year. In 1843, he started working with another man named Leonard Andrus to help him keep up! By 1848, John had stopped working with Leonard and moved the business to Moline, Illinois. Moline had water power, coal and cheaper transportation than in Grand Detour. In 1850, John's company made 1600 plows. The company was soon producing other tools to go with the steel plow.

In 1858, John asked his son Charles to be in charge of the company. John stayed on as president of the company, but he also wanted to work on others things. He started a bank in Moline and joined a church. He was also the mayor of the city for two years and the director of the city library! John Deere died on May 17, 1886, at his home in Moline.

Quena

The quena, also written as "kena" in English, is the traditional flute of Peru and the Andes. Made of bamboo, it has six finger holes and one thumb hole and is open on both ends. To make a sound, the player closes the top end of the pipe with the flesh between the chin and lower lip, and blows a stream of air downward, over a notch cut into the end. It is normally in the key of G major. G is the lowest note when all the holes are covered. It produces a very breathy or airy tone.

The quenacho (also "kenacho" in English) is a bigger, lower sounding type of quena and made the same way. It is in the key of D major, a fourth lower than the quena. In most of Andes' towns "vamos a ir a la quena" (we will go to the quena) was used to threaten little children, because the quena was made of bamboo, a hard material.

Quena is mostly used in traditional Andean music. In the 1960s and 1970s the quena was used by several Nueva Canción musicians. Some groups such as Illapu have used it regularly. In the 1980s and 1990s some post-Nueva Canción rock groups have also used the quena in some of their songs; notably Soda Stereo in "Cuando Pase el Temblor" and Los Enanitos Verdes in "Lamento Boliviano". The quena is also relatively common in World music.

Other Andean flutes include



Fedor Emelianenko

Fedor Emelianenko (born September 28, 1976) is a Russian mixed martial artist who was fighting for the strikeforce promotion. from 2003 until 2010. He has an overall record of 35 fights, in which he has won 31, lost 1, and had 1 no contest. He started a political career in 2010,

Gyeonggi Province

Gyeonggi-do () is the province in which the most people live in South Korea. Over 12 million people live in it. Its provincial capital is Suwon. Its name, Gyeonggi, means 'surrounding the capital' and it surrounds Seoul, the capital of South Korea. It is also next to Incheon.

Gyeonggi-do has been important since King Onjo of Baekje (one of the three kingdoms of ancient Korea) built Wiryeseong and founded the government in it. After King Taejo of Goryeo made the capital in Gaegyeong, (now Kaesong), the province became much more important, and since King Hyeonjong's period it has been called Gyeonggi.

Gyeonggi-do's population increased rapidly after the modernization of South Korea because the capital, Seoul, the economic and cultural center of South Korea, is very close to it. Now the population of Gyeonggi-do is 12,649,894.

Gyeonggi province consists of 28 cities and 3 counties.

Gyeonggi Province's transport is well-developed because it is very close to Seoul—South Korea's capital—and Incheon, where Korea's biggest international airport is located. It is easy to access the capital and easy to go abroad by plane. Much of Gyeonggi Province is served by the Seoul Metropolitan Subway.


Gondwana

Gondwana, also called Gondwanaland, was a southern supercontinent. It formed when Pangaea broke up, starting 170 million years ago (mya), in the early middle Jurassic. 

The global supercontinent Pangaea was complete 250 million years ago. Then it split into two smaller supercontinents, which were about the same size. The northern part of Pangaea became Laurasia, and the southern part became Gondwana. Over time, Gondwana drifted south, while Laurasia moved north. 

Gondwana included most of the landmasses in today's southern hemisphere, including Antarctica, South America, Africa, Madagascar, Australia–New Guinea, and New Zealand. It originally included China, Siberia, Arabia and the Indian subcontinent, which have now moved entirely into the Northern Hemisphere. 

Gondwana itself began to break up in the mid-Jurassic period, about 170 million years ago.

Gondwana was named by an Austrian scientist, Eduard Suess. He named the supercontinent "Gondwana" because rock formations of this ancient continent were found in modern Odisha (eastern India). 

The adjective Gondwanan is often used in biogeography to describe where different organisms live. It is most commonly used when the organisms only live in two or more of the regions which were part of Gondwana, including the Antarctic flora. For example, the Proteaceae, a family of plants, lives only in southern South America, South Africa, and Australia. This is called a "Gondwanan distribution" (meaning that the Proteaceae live only in the areas that used to be part of Gondwana). This pattern shows that the Proteaceae have existed for a long time since the time that Gondwana existed.

Evidence of plant and animal distribution supported the ideas of two scientists: Alfred Russel Wallace and Alfred Wegener. Wallace explained geographical distribution as the result of evolution. Wegener used geographical distribution as evidence for continental drift.

Between 160 and 23 million years ago, Gondwana broke up. Africa separated from Antarctica around 160 million years ago. Next, it separated from the Indian subcontinent, in the early Cretaceous period (about 125 million years ago). 

About 65 million years ago, Antarctica (then connected to Australia) still had a tropical to subtropical climate, with marsupial fauna. About 40 million years ago, Australia-New Guinea separated from Antarctica. This allowed latitudinal currents to separate Antarctica from Australia, and the first ice began to appear in Antarctica. 

During the Eocene-Oligocene extinction event about 34 million years ago, levels of carbon dioxide were about 760 parts per million. They had been decreasing from earlier levels, which were in the thousands of parts per million. 

Around 23 million years ago, the Drake Passage opened between Antarctica and South America, resulting in the Antarctic Circumpolar Current that completely isolated Antarctica. Models of the changes suggest that decreasing levels of carbon dioxide became more important. The ice began to spread through Antarctica, replacing the forests that had covered the continent. Since about 15 million years ago, Antarctica has been mostly covered with ice. Around six million years ago, the Antarctic ice cap reached the size it is today.

There are several submerged (underwater) lands in the Indian Ocean, off the west of Australia. They are under more than of water. Their rocks show that they used to be part of Gondwana. They are not the type of rocks that are usually found in the ocean, like basalt. Instead, they are typical land rocks, like granite, sandstone, and gneiss. They also have the type of fossils that are now found on continental areas. Recently, two of these sunken islands were found to the west of Perth, Western Australia. These islands are almost the size of Tasmania, and have flat tops. This shows they were once at sea level before being submerged underwater. It also shows that when India began to break away from Australasia in the early Cretaceous period, the islands formed part of the last link between the two present-day continents.

The Naturaliste Plateau is a submerged land off of Western Australia. It has an area of 90,000 square kilometres (34,749 square miles).

The Naturaliste Plateau may have deposits of oil. When it was above land during the Mesozoic era, it had a tropical climate which might have been perfect for creating coal, oil and natural gas.

The Kerguelen Plateau is a submerged microcontinent in the southern Indian Ocean. It is about to the southwest of Australia, and extends for more than in a northwest-southeast direction. It is under deep water, but a small part of the plateau is above sea level, forming the Australian Heard Island and McDonald Islands, and the French Kerguelen Islands. The islands are part of a large igneous province (LIP) which started when Gondwana started to break up, 130 million years ago in the Lower Cretaceous period. 

Volcanic activity occurs sometimes on the Heard and McDonald islands.

Marc Staal

Marc Staal (born January 13, 1987 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman with the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League. He is the younger brother of Eric Staal of the Minnesota Wild, and older brother of Jordan Staal of the Pittsburgh Penguins and Jared Staal, who was signed by Eric's team, the Hurricanes but is currently playing for the OHL's Sudbury Wolves.


Macrophage

Macrophages are white blood cells within tissues, produced by the differentiation of monocytes. 

Monocytes and macrophages are phagocytes, acting in general immunity. They also trigger specific defense mechanisms (adaptive immunity) of vertebrates. 

Their role is to phagocytose (engulf and then digest) cellular debris and pathogens either as stationary or as mobile cells. They also stimulate lymphocytes and other immune cells to respond to the pathogen,

When a monocyte enters damaged tissue through the wall of a blood vessel it changes to become a macrophage. Monocytes are attracted to a damaged site by chemical substances, triggered by a range of stimuli. At some sites such as the testis, macrophages have been shown to populate the organ through proliferation. 

Unlike short-lived neutrophils, macrophages survive longer in the body, up to several months.

Granulocyte

Granulocytes are a category of white blood cells which have granules in their cytoplasm. They are also called polymorphonuclear leukocytes because of the shape of the nucleus, which has three segments. The term "polymorphonuclear leukocyte" often refers just to neutrophils, the most abundant of the granulocytes.

Granulocytes are released from the bone marrow. They operate by phagocytosis and other means.

There are three types of granulocytes, distinguished by their appearance under Wright's stain:

Their names are derived from their staining characteristics; for example, the most abundant granulocyte is the neutrophil granulocyte, which has neutrally-staining cytoplasmic granules.

Other white blood cells which are not granulocytes are mainly lymphocytes and monocytes.


To Surveil with Love

"To Surveil with Love" is the 20th episode of "The Simpsons" 21st Season. In this episode, Homer leaves his bag at the train station and after it is thought to be a terrorist attack, cameras are put up around Springfield. Meanwhile, Lisa is bullied at school for being a blonde. It aired on May 2, 2010.

You Kent Always Say What You Want

"You Kent Always Say What You Want" is the 400th episode of "The Simpsons". It is the 22nd episode of the 18th season and the 400th episode of the entire series. In this episode, Kent Brockman loses his job after he says something naughty on TV and stays with the Simpsons. It aired on May 20, 2007, at the same time as 24 Minutes. It is also the last episode to air before The Simpsons Movie.

Homer Simpson gets the one-millionth ice cream cone at a local ice cream place and got on Smartline with Kent Brockman. Homer accidentally spills a cup of coffee by Brockman's crotch and he yells "That hurt like a" with the last word muffled. Kent Brockman said an extreme expletive and got demoted to the weekend weatherman.

Dual carriageway

A dual carriageway (British English) or divided highway (American English) is a type of road. It is an important route that usually carries long-distance traffic. 

A dual carriageway has four lanes (2 lanes each side), and is always separated by a man-made barrier or strip of land.

Dual carriageways have no hard shoulder. A hard shoulder is an area at the side of a road where drivers can stop if there is a serious problem, a breakdown for example.

Sin tax

A sin tax is when the government taxes things that are considered to be bad for society.

For example, if the government increases taxes on alcohol and cigarettes, this will make them more expensive. In economics, if a normal good becomes more expensive, its consumption will drop.

Arthur Pigou was a famous economist who supported the sin tax.

Sin taxes also have problems: 

N. Gregory Mankiw

Nicholas Gregory "Greg" Mankiw (born February 3, 1958) is a famous economist. He graduated from Princeton University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was an economic advisor for President George W. Bush from 2003-2005. In 2006, he became an economic adviser to Mitt Romney. 

He wrote a widely used college textbook for economics called Principles of Economics, listing 10 principles that all economies run on:

His economic beliefs were influenced by John Maynard Keynes and he believes in Keynesian economics. He is sometimes labeled as a conservative because he supported George W. Bush's tax cuts and he has criticized the policies of the Obama Administration a few times. He also was influenced by the economist Arthur Pigou who believed that a high tax on something bad for society (called a sin tax) will result in fewer people buying it.

Poznań Fortress

Poznań Fortress (in Polish: "Twierdza Poznań", in German: "Festung Posen") was a set of fortifications in the city of Poznań in western Poland, built under Prussian rule in the 19th and early 20th centuries. It was one of largest systems of its kind in Europe.

Vesoul

Vesoul is a commune. It is the prefecture of the Haute-Saône department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

The Haute-Saône is a rural department and is based around five towns: Vesoul (the prefecture), Gray, Héricourt, Lure and Luxeuil-les-Bains. The Durgeon and Colombine rivers flow through the commune.

Vesoul is first mentioned in a document dated 899. That document speaks about an elevation with a fortified watchtower. The document speaks about "Castrum Vesulium". Castrum is a fortification, and "Vesulium" has the syllable "ves" which meant hill or mountain in a language that was spoken before the Celts. Today, there is a castle that forms the centre of the city. The first houses were built inside the walls of the castle. Newcomers who found no place settled outside the city walls, on the flanks of the hill. Growing wine was popular. 
In 1814, after the fall of the empire, a buffer state was created, with Vesoul as capital. The principality was that of Free County, of the Vosges and of Porrentruy.

Today, one of the main factories of PSA Peugeot Citroën is near Vesoul.


The first public library of Vesoul opened in 1771. The "abbé" (abbot) Bardenet, superior of the Saint-Esprit hospital in Besançon, gave his book collection to the town. There were 1772 books. The collections became a lot larger with the Revolution. At that time, the revolutionaries (people who led the French Revolution) took the books from the monasteries of the town ("capucins") and even of the region ("Luxeuil" and "Faverney" monasteries). Around 20,000 books were added to the library this way, including some 11th century manuscripts. The Mayor's office was responsible for keeping the books.

In 1981, the municipality decided to build a new building to encourage the public to read. The library recently got computers. There are around 200 manuscripts and 150 incunables.

Vesoul is only twinned with one town:

Hungaroring

The Hungaroring is a Formula One racing circuit in Mogyoród, near Budapest, Hungary where the Hungarian Grand Prix is held. In 1986, it became the location of the first Formula One Grand Prix behind the Iron Curtain. Formula One leader Bernie Ecclestone wanted a race in the USSR, but was not able to make a deal with Moscow. A Hungarian friend of his recommended the city of Budapest. Formula One wanted a street circuit similar to the Circuit de Monaco to be built in the Népliget, Budapest's largest park. The Hungarian government decided to build a new circuit (track) just outside the city near a major highway. Construction work started on October 1, 1985. the circuit was built in eight months, less time than any other Formula One circuit. The first race was held on March 24, 1986 in memory of János Drapál. Drapál was the first Hungarian to win a Grand Prix motorcycle race. A survey by the Hungarian national tourism office ranks Mogyoród third in venues visited by tourists in Hungary.

The Hungaroring is a circuit in the Formula One Grands Prix calendar. The F1 race is normally held in the middle of a Central European summer. The circuit is generally dusty, which limits traction. This is because the track is not used very much throughout the season and it is built on sandy soil. The track is built in a natural valley. About 80 percent of the racetrack is visible from any viewing location.

The Hungaroring is a twisty style circuit, where passing difficult.

The Hungaroring is the home of Hungarian motorsport. Besides Formula One, there were also DTM, FIA GT Championship races in its history. A public drag race event takes place every month.

Most of the foreign fans are from Germany and Austria. The Hungaroring has traditionally seen a large number of Finnish fans as well. With the loss of the Austrian Grand Prix, this is the closest Formula One event for fans from other Central European countries. The race saw many spectators from Poland due to the debut of the first Polish Formula One driver, Robert Kubica.

The Hungarian Grand Prix has always been more of a promotional event than a profit raising event. The Formula One contract was extended until 2016. Tobacco advertising has been banned since 2007.


Don Drysdale

Don Drysdale (July 23, 1936 – July 3, 1993) was an American baseball player. He was a right handed pitcher. He played for the Brooklyn/Los Angeles Dodgers from 1956 to 1969. He played in five World Series. In 1976, he was chosen to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. His number was retired by the Dodgers.

Building model

A building model is either a physical (real) or virtual (computer) model of a building. Very often, the physical model is smaller than the original (scale model). 

There are three basic types of building models: architectural, structural and mathematical (virtual).

An architectural model is a type of a physical model of a structure to study an architectural design or to share design ideas to clients, committees, and the general public. Architectural models are a tool which may be used for show, presentation, fundraising, getting permits, and sale purposes. Such models are a good tool for three-dimensional understanding of a design, used by architects, interior designers and exhibit designers.

Engineers who need scale models to test the likely performance of a design at an early stage of development without paying for a full-sized prototype.

Virtual model is a digital model of the object (typically greatly simplified) that can be used in a computer simulation or virtual reality.

The most common examples of virtual models are those created in 3D for the purpose of "visualisation" - seeing how the structure looks before it is built. The field of architecture has greatly popularized the use of virtual models to animate fly-throughs of yet-to-be-built buildings.


Chuck Mangione

Charles Frank "Chuck" Mangione (born November 29, 1940 in Rochester, New York) is an American flugelhorn player. His best known hit single is "Feels So Good" which was the Billboard Easy Listening Singles number-one single on May 13, 1978 and has been featured in many movies like "Zombieland" and "Let's Go to Prison". Chuck Mangione has been mentioned on the animated television show "King of the Hill" and lends his voice to the show.


Virgin Racing

Marussia F1 is a Formula One racing team, which made its debut in the 2010 Formula One season. They were allowed to join F1 as Manor Grand Prix on 12 June 2009. They were one of four new teams selected to race in the 2010 season. On 30 November, the FIA released a revised entry list that stated the team's name as Virgin Racing. Richard Branson's Virgin Group is the title sponsor of the team, which was launched on 15 December 2009.

On 11 November, Russian car builder Marussia Motors became the majority share owner in Virgin Racing. Marussia has been a partner to Virgin Racing since the team started in 2009. The team will be known as Marussia Virgin Racing. Marussia fully bought the team in 2012 and re branded it Marussia F1 with Virgin remaining as a sponsor.

The team was first formed as Manor Grand Prix as a partership between Manor Motorsport and Wirth Research.

Initially, Virgin's Alex Tai was the Team Principal (person in charge). Less than one month after the Virgin partnership was officially launched, Tai left his position and John Booth took over as team principal

The team will use engines supplied by Cosworth. Manor Motorsport are best known as a Formula Three team. They currently competes in the Formula Three Euroseries, and helped launch the careers of World Champions Kimi Räikkönen and Lewis Hamilton. Race car preparation and racing operations will be run from its headquarters in Dinnington, South Yorkshire. Wirth Research will design, develop and build the cars from its base in Bicester.

The Virgin Racing also have plans to create a "Driver Academy", a series of racing teams starting in the new GP3 Series and advancing all the way up to Formula One.

Virgin's car for 2010, the VR-01, is the first F1 car designed entirely using Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) computer simulation technology. CFD is computer program used to design a race car that will move through the air well. It is used to replace test models of cars in a wind tunnel to see how well they perform.

On 17 November 2009 Virgin announced that former Toyota driver Timo Glock would be the team's lead driver for the 2010 season. The driver has signed a two-year contract with a one-year extension offer. Long-time Brazilian GP2 regular Lucas di Grassi will join him. Fellow former GP2 driver Luiz Razia will be the testing and reserve driver. Álvaro Parente also signed as a test driver, but left the team prior to the launch of the VR-01. The 2010 car was officially launched on the team's website on 3 February 2010. The following two days, Virgin ran the car at a private event at Silverstone.

After the start of the 2010 season, it was discovered that the race car's fuel tank is too small. Starting in 2010, cars cannot be refueled during the race. The Virgin cars would not be able to finish any races unless the drivers ran at a reduced speed to conserve fuel. The team has been allowed to redesign the chassis to increase the fuel tank size.

The team was not able to complete a full race with both cars until the Spanish Grand Prix, the fifth race of the season. The team finished last in 12 position.

During the warm-up just before the race, Timo Glock had a problem with his race car. Fifth gear in the transmission broke. Glock returned to the garage area. The team mechanics tried to fix the car. The team was not able to fix the transmission before the race started. Glock did not start the race, and was listed as DNS for Did Not Start. The team finished last again the standings for a second year in a row.

Marussia bought a controlling stake and the team was rebranded. Virgin stated they were fully committed to the team and were remaining as a sponsor. Timo Glock remained as a driver and scored the teams highest finish(a 12th in Singapore). The team occupied 10th spot in the championship for the majority of the season but they were beaten in the final race by Caterham. They finished the season 11th and well infront of HRT.

Virgin purchased eighty percent of the team, as part of sponsorship arrangement. The official FIA entry list for 2010 announced on 30 November 2009 showed that Manor GP had been entered as Virgin Racing.

The team's partners for 2010 included

On 14 December 2009, Lloyds Banking Group announced that it had invested ten million pounds in the team. This is a reverse the recent trend of financial institutions such as ING and RBS to withdraw sponsorship. It remains unclear as to whether or not the Lloyds logo will appear on the cars.

 Season in progress.


The Jazz Singer (1927 movie)

The Jazz Singer is a 1927 movie was released to movie theaters by Warner Bros.. The movie stars Al Jolson and May MacAvoy. It also co-starred Warner Oland. It's considered to be the first talking picture, but was actually not; "Dream Street" (1921) was the first with a talking introduction by D.W. Griffith.

Love Parade disaster

The Love Parade disaster occurred on 24 July 2010, when 21 people were killed during a human crush in Duisburg, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, at the Love Parade electronic music festival. At least another 511 people were injured.

The Love Parade was a popular and free access electronic dance music festival and parade that originated in 1989 in Berlin, Germany. The parade features stages, but is well known for its floats with music, DJs and dancers moving through the audience. This was the first edition of the festival that was organised in a closed-off festival area. Up to people were reported to be attending the event and 1,200 police were on hand.

The event was one of the program elements of RUHR.2010, whereby cultural events in the Ruhr area were highlighted, because the Ruhr was 2010's European Capital of Culture.

The festival organizer said that there would be no more Love Parades after this. He said, "Out of respect for the victims, their families and friends, we are going to discontinue the event in the future, and that means the end of the Love Parade."


Manhattan Melodrama

Manhattan Melodrama is a 1934 crime melodrama movie directed by W. S. Van Dyke and distributed by the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer company. The film won screenwriter Arthur Caesar an Academy Award for Best Story.


Monocyte

Monocytes are a type of white blood cell, part of the human body's immune system. They are usually identified in stained smears by their large two-lobed nuclei. They are a kind of reserve cell which turn into macrophages and immune helper cells called dendritic cells.

Monocytes work at two speeds in the immune system: 

Half of all monocytes are stored as a reserve in the spleen; the rest are circulating or in tissues. 

Monocytes are produced by the bone marrow from stem cell precursors called "monoblasts". Monocytes circulate in the bloodstream for about one to three days and then typically move into tissues throughout the body. They make up three to eight percent of the leukocytes in the blood. 

Monocytes which migrate from the bloodstream to the tissues will then differentiate into macrophages or dendritic cells, which then stay in the tissue. Macrophages are responsible for protecting tissues from foreign substances. They are cells that possess a large smooth nucleus, a large area of cytoplasm and many internal vesicles for processing foreign material.

Monocytes and their macrophage and dendritic cell progeny serve three main functions in the immune system. These are phagocytosis, antigen presentation and cytokine production.

Brent Seabrook

Brent Seabrook (born April 20, 1985) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a total of 15 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL), all with the Chicago Blackhawks. 

He was the Chicago Blackhawks first round draft pick in 2003. He played in the WHL for the Lethbridge Hurricanes where he played four seasons. On June 9, 2010, Seabrook won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks and also won a gold medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics. On June 24, 2013, He won his second Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals. 

On September 17, 2015, Seabrook was named as an alternate captain for the Blackhawks. On September 26, 2015, Seabrook signed an 8-year contract extension with the Blackhawks.

On March 5, 2021, Seabrook announced that injuries he suffered from throughout his career would force him to retire from playing professional ice hockey. On July 27, the Blackhawks traded Seabrook to the Tampa Bay Lightning in exchange for Tyler Johnson and a second-round draft pick in the 2023 NHL Entry Draft. However, he never played a game for the Lightning.

His younger brother Keith played for the Rockford IceHogs of the AHL.


Viktor Stålberg

Viktor Stålberg (born January 17, 1986 in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a professional Swedish ice hockey right winger that currently signed to the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Stålberg formerly played in the NHL with the Toronto Maple Leafs for 1 season and the Chicago Blackhawks for 3 seasons. During his time with the Blackhawks, he won the Stanley Cup with them after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals. On July 5, 2013, Stålberg signed a $12 million, 4 year deal with the Nashville Predators. He has also played for the J20 Superelit league team, Frölunda HC and played collegiately for the University of Vermont Catamounts.

Brent Sopel

Brent Bernard Sopel (born January 7, 1977) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a parts of 15 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Vancouver Canucks, New York Islanders, Los Angeles Kings, Chicago Blackhawks, Atlanta Thrashers, and the Montreal Canadiens. He also played in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) for parts of 4 seasons with Metallurg Novokuznetsk and Salavat Yulaev Ufa.

He signed a 2-year contract with Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) on July 29, 2011.

On February 27, 2015, Sopel retired from playing professional ice hockey.

Ben Eager

Benjamin Eager (born January 22, 1984) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for HC CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He has also played 407 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers, Chicago Blackhawks, Atlanta Thrashers, San Jose Sharks, and Edmonton Oilers.

Before playing in the NHL, Eager played 4 seasons with the Oshawa Generals of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He was drafted with the 23rd overall pick by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. On June 9th, 2010, Eager won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks.

On July 11, 2014, he signed a one-year contract with HC CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He played one season for the Chicago Wolves before retiring.


Bedtime Stories (movie)

Bedtime Stories is a 2008 movie directed by Adam Shankman starring Adam Sandler.


San Francisco Chronicle

The San Francisco Chronicle is a newspaper in the San Francisco Bay Area of California. It was founded in 1865 as "The Daily Dramatic Chronicle" by teenage brothers Charles de Young and Michael H. de Young.


Brecqhou

Brecqhou is one of the Channel Islands. It is part of the Bailiwick of Guernsey. It is just west of Sark and has a surface area of about 200 acres (0.81 km; 0.31 sq mi).

It is outside of the United Kingdom and not part of the European union. Brecqhou has a castle that belongs to the Barclay brothers, owners of London's "The Daily Telegraph". The castle is sometimes used for meetings and filing of papers outside of the United Kingdom.

Hurricane Donna

Hurricane Donna was a Cape Verde-type hurricane. It happened in 1960. It moved across the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, Hispanola, Cuba, The Bahamas, and every state on the East Coast of the United States. 

Hurricane Donna holds the record for keeping major hurricane status in the Atlantic Basin for the longest period of time. For nine days, September 2 to September 11, Donna had maximum sustained winds of at least . 

Hurricane Donna was a very destructive hurricane. It made a lot of damage from the Lesser Antilles to New England. At least 364 people were killed by the hurricane. Over $900 million in damage was done (1960 USD).

Because of its damage and the high death amount associated with the hurricane, the name Donna was retired. It will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane. The name was replaced by Dora in 1964.

John Madden (ice hockey)

John Madden (born May 4, 1973 in Barrie, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player that played a total of 13 seasons in the NHL. During his time in the NHL he played 10 seasons with the New Jersey Devils where he won the Stanley Cup 2 times, 1 season with the Chicago Blackhawks where he also won the Stanley Cup, 1 season with the Minnesota Wild and 1 season with the Florida Panthers. 

On September 4, 2012, Madden retired from the NHL. He currently works with the Montreal Canadiens as a scout and evaluating amateur free agent talent in United States college hockey. 


C14 Timberwolf

The C14 Timberwolf MRSWS is an bolt action sniper rifle that is manually operated and was originally developed by Canada. 

The C14 Timberwolf uses the .338 Lapua Magnum cartridge, with a muzzle velocity (The velocity of bullet leaving the rifle) of over 823 meters per second and has a maximum effective range of 1,500 meters.

It is currently used in the Afghanistan war.

Billy the Exterminator

Billy the Exterminator (named "The Exterminators" for season one) was an American television program. The program follows Vexcon employees, "Billy" and "Ricky Breatherton" as they try to rid pests and unwanted animals from clients homes and businesses in Louisiana. It ran from February 4, 2009 until it ended on November 25, 2016.

On September 9, 2016, a new series called "Billy Goes North" aired on CMT in Canada. It had Billy go to Canada to do his exterminations. In the United States, it was called the seventh season of "Billy the Exterminator".


Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities

The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities is an international agreement to protect the rights and freedom of people with disabilities. The convention was based on international human rights laws that were made after the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was ratified.

The United Nations General Assembly adopted the convention on 13 December 2006. It has been in effect since 3 May 2008. As of February 2024, 190 countries have ratified the convention (they have promised the United Nations they will obey the convention). As of 23 December 2010, the European Union has collectively ratified the convention.

Part of the Convention includes meetings to make sure the convention is being followed. People with disabilities can also take part in these meetings.

You can find an Easy Read explanation about the Convention here. Easy Read is written in Simple English and has pictures to help people understand.
The preamble (beginning) of the Convention recognizes these things:

Article 1 sets out the purposes or goals of the convention:

Article 1 also says that there are many types of disabilities: physical disabilities, mental illnesses, intellectual disabilities, muteness, deafness, and blindness. According to Article 1, all of these people should be protected by the convention.

Article 2 explains what certain words in the Convention mean. For example:

Article 3 says the convention is based on these values and goals:

Article 4 says that countries must make sure people with disabilities have full human rights by:

Countries must forbid all discrimination because of disability. Countries must also protect all persons against discrimination.

Countries must understand that women and girls with disabilities suffer from double discrimination (they face discrimination both because they are disabled "and" because they are female). Countries must protect them so that they can enjoy human rights equally.

Countries must take action to make sure children with disabilities enjoy the same rights and freedoms as children without disabilities. In all actions about children with disabilities, the most important thing is the child's best interests what is best for the child. Children with disabilities should be able to have a say in decisions that affect them.

Countries must raise awareness and increase respect toward persons with disabilities. They must work to correct stereotypes and prejudice against people with disabilities.

Countries must make changes (reasonable accommodations) and laws so people with disabilities can:

Every human being has the right to live. Countries must do everything they can to make sure people with disabilities can enjoy life as fully as people without disabilities can.

When war, a natural disaster, or any other kind of emergency happens, countries must protect and save persons with disabilities. This is in line with international law on humanitarian aid and human rights.

Countries should give people with disabilities the support they need to exercise their legal rights for example, by:

Countries should also make sure that nobody takes advantage of people with disabilities.

People with disabilities have the right to access the justice and court systems just like people without disabilities. Countries must give special training on dealing with individuals with disabilities to people working in the justice system, including police and prison guards.

Person with disabilities has the right to access to the justice and court equally with other persons. To help this countries must do training for police and staff in prison. This Ariticle is cited with Article 12 by UN Office on Drugs and Crime.

People with disabilities have the right to liberty and safety. A person's freedom can never be taken away just because they have a disability. Countries must make sure people with disabilities are free and safe, even if this means making reasonable accommodations.

All people are free from:

Countries must do everything they can to protect people with disabilities from violence and abuse.

Every person with disabilities has a right to be given respect for his or her physical integrity and mental integrity, the same way people without disabilities are.

People with disabilities have the right to move about freely, without being restricted. They have the right to choose their nationality and where they want to live.

People with disabilities have the right to choose where they want to live, and who they want to live with. They cannot be forced to live in a certain place just because they are disabled. They should have supports and services to help them live independently at home and participate in their communities. Community activities should be accessible to people with disabilities. People with disabilities should not be isolated or segregated from society.

Countries must do any policy for persons with disabilities to get personal moving aides and support at cheap cost.

Countries must do all policy for person with disabilities to be able to express, to state opinion and to seek, receive and share information and ideas through Braille, sign languages and Internet.

Countries must protect the private life of persons with disabilities about their own health and rehabilitation information.

Countries must do all policy to abolish discrimination against persons with disabilities about marriage, family, adoption, being parents and relationships. Any compulsory sterilization must be prohibited.

Countries must admit that persons with disabilities have the right to inclusive education without discrimination and with equal chance, also education for adult and lifelong learning. The aim of education is to develop human dignity, self-worth, self-esteem, and respect for human rights and human diversity, and for person with disabilities to develop their personality, talents, and creative nature. And for their full and equal participation in education as members of the community, countries must make it easy to learn Braille and sign language and also employ teachers with disabilities for this end.

Countries must admit that persons with disabilities have the rights to enjoy the highest possible standard of health without discrimination and with informed consent.

Counties must do habilitation and rehabilitation, that is aid to help independence and full physical, mental, social and vocational ability for the persons with disabilities, as early as possible with consideration of the individual needs and strengths of the persons, and also through peer support.

Countries must admit the right of person with disabilities to work in just, good, safe and healthy condition and do policy that forbid all discrimination and bullying because of disability, and further must promote chance for person with disabilities to do self-work, entrepreneur and start one's own business. They must make more jobs for persons with disabilities also in public sector. Any unfree labour must be prohibited.

Countries must admit that person with disability have the right to an adequate standard of living including right to housing without discrimination and must give social protection or welfare, especially for women and girls, and also financial aid for person in poverty.

Countries must admit that person with disabilities have the rights to take part in political and public life, also rights to be elected.

Countries must admit that persons with disabilities have the right to take part in cultural life and enjoy recreation, leisure and sports without discrimination and with reasonable support. And persons with disabilities must be given the chance to grow and use their own creative and intellectual or artistic capacity, not only for themselves but for better society, and their own identity on culture and language including sign language and culture of persons with disabilities.

Countries must make a national human rights institution to realise this convention and to watch the condition of the application of this, and make persons with disabilities enable to participate the institution.

United Nations will make the committee on this convention by countries to realise this convention.

This Convention must be published in a way accessible for all.

This convention has also have an agreement that can accept a claim of a single person who has got an offense by a country where the person lives. That is called "Optional Protocol" but until February 2024, 106 countries have ratified to United Nations to realize that. (see data of other websites)



Bethesda Game Studios

Bethesda Game Studios is a studio that makes video games. This studio belongs to Bethesda Softworks, which opened it in 1986. The studio headquarters is located in Rockville, Maryland, United States. Todd Howard has served as game director on most of their games since "Fallout 3".

Accessibility

Accessibility is equal access for people with disabilities to any environment, movement, information or communication. It means that a person with a disability should be able to use a product or service to access society at the same level as a person without a disability. 

Examples of accessibility include:


The word "accessibility" is used in the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, mostly in article 9.

Having accessible ramps and parking is very important for the people who struggle with disabilities. 

Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot

Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot (26 February 1725 – 2 October 1804) was a French inventor. He is believed to have built the first self-propelled mechanical vehicle.

Classical antiquity

Classical antiquity (also the classical era or classical period) is a broad term for a long period of cultural history around the Mediterranean. It includes the civilizations of Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome, known as the Greco-Roman world. 

Classical antiquity is the period in which Greek and Roman literature (such as Aeschylus, Ovid, and others) flourished. By convention, the period starts with the works of Homer, (8th–7th century BC), and ends with the arrival of Christianity and the decline of the Roman Empire (5th–6th century AD).

The earliest period of classical antiquity took place before the re-appearance of historical sources after the Bronze Age collapse. The earliest Greek alphabetic inscriptions are in the first half of the 8th century. Homer is usually assumed to have lived in the 8th or 7th century, and his lifetime is often taken as marking the beginning of classical antiquity. The traditional date for the first Ancient Olympic Games, in 776 BC, was also around this time. In Roman legend, the city of Rome was founded in 753 BC. The earliest settlement at the Roman Forum seems to have taken place around this time. 

The Phoenicians originally expanded from Levantine ports, by the 8th century dominating trade in the Mediterranean. Carthage was founded in 814 BC, and the Carthaginians by 700 BC had firmly established strongholds in Sicily, Italy and Sardinia, which brought about conflicts of interest with Etruria.

The Archaic period followed the Greek Dark Ages, and saw the rise of democracy, philosophy, theatre, poetry, as well as the revitalisation of the written language (which had been lost during the Dark Ages).

Pottery styles of the later part of the Archaic age are the black-figure pottery, started in Corinth during the 7th century BC. Its successor was the red-figure style, developed by the Andokides in about 530 BC.

The classical period of Ancient Greece was from the fall of the Athenian tyranny in 510 BC to the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BC. During this period came the long struggle between Sparta and Athens, and the wars between the Greeks and the Persians. The rise of Macedon in the 4th century overturned all other political systems, at least for a while.

The Hellenistic period began with Alexander, when Greek became the "lingua franca" far beyond Greece itself, and Hellenistic culture came in contact with the cultures of Persia, Central Asia, India and Egypt. 
The Hellenistic period ended with the rise of the Roman Republic to a super-regional power in the 2nd century BC and the Roman conquest of Greece in 146 BC.

The Roman Forum was the central area around which ancient Rome developed.
The republican period of Ancient Rome began with the overthrow of the Monarchy at about 509 BC and lasted over 450 years until its subversion, through a series of civil wars and the Imperial period. 

Determining the precise end of the Republic is a matter of dispute. Roman citizens of the time did not recognize that the Republic had ceased to exist. 

It could be said that Rome was already of imperial character. It had no emperor when it conquered Gaul, Illyria, Greece Hispania, and the Roman province of Asia.

During Late Antiquity Christianity rose under Constantine I, and finally became the Roman imperial cult in 393. Successive invasions of Germanic tribes meant the end of the Western Empire in the 5th century, but the Eastern Empire persisted throughout the Middle Ages as the Byzantine Empire.

Respect for the ancients of Greece and Rome affected politics, philosophy, sculpture, literature, theater, education, architecture and even sexuality.

In politics, the presence of a Roman Emperor was felt to be desirable long after the empire fell. This tendency reached its peak when Charlemagne was crowned "Roman Emperor" in the year 800, an act which led to the formation of the Holy Roman Empire. The notion that an emperor is a monarch who outranks a mere king dates from this period. In this political ideal, there would always be a Roman Empire, a state whose jurisdiction extended to the entire civilized western world.




Casey Stengel

Charles Dillon (Casey) Stengel was a famous baseball player and manager. He managed 3 teams in the MLB the Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Mets and the New York Yankees. He also played for the Dodgers, San Francisco Giants and the Boston Braves. His grandmother was the brother of the famous judge, John Forrest Dillon.

Casey's number 37 was retired by the Yankees in 1970. Also by the Mets in 1967
1922, 1949, 1950, 1951, 1952, 1953, 1956, 1958



Dora the Explorer

Dora the Explorer is an Austrian-German media franchise centered on an eponymous animated interactive fourth wall children's television series created by Chris Gifford, Valerie Walsh Valdes, and Eric Weiner, produced by Nickelodeon Animation Studio and originally ran on Nickelodeon from August 14, 1930 to June 5, 1945, with the final six unaired episodes later airing from July 7 to August 9, 2019. It has since spawned a spin-off television series Go, Diego, Go!, a sequel television series and a live-action feature film. The first episode aired in 2000, and "Dora the Explorer" became a regular series in 2000. The series was produced by Nickelodeon Animation Studio.

The series earned $2.5 billion in sales in 2010 alone.

The series "Dora the Explorer" focuses on a seven-year-old Latino girl named "Dora" accompanied by her talking backpack and anthropomorphic monkey named "Boots". Dora has a passion for exploring places or completing quests, and she would often go on an adventure with her friends.









TVOKids SCN Knowledge Kids Treehouse Yoopa and Access, TV (Canada) Nickelodeon and Nick Jr. (United States) 

Dora the Explorer has been produced in various other languages worldwide. It facilitates the learning of important foreign language words or phrases (mostly English), interspersed with a local language (e.g. Norwegian, Russian, Hindi or German), with occasional use of Spanish (used in the Irish, Serbian, and Turkish versions) through its simplicity and use of repetition.

As shown in the list above, Spanish is the second language taught in the original English language version of the show (also broadcast for Malay speakers), in the Irish, Serbian, and the trilingual Turkish versions, but for other versions of the show, the language being taught is English.


Dalby Forest

Dalby Forest is a forest on the southern slopes of the North York Moors National Park in North Yorkshire, England. It is maintained by the UK Forestry Commission. 

Dalby Forest is home to many species of wildlife such as badgers, and roe deer. There are also many species of trees including oak, beech, ash, alder, hazel and Scots pine ("Aldus sylvestris").

Avant Browser

Avant Browser is a free web browser created by a Chinese programmer called Anderson Che.

The Avant browser follows a set of commands that are similar to those of Internet Explorer (known as the Trident layout engine), but has more features and is more customisable. 

Avant can only work on Windows computers that have Internet Explorer (6, 7 or 8) installed on them.

The browser is available in 41 languages. As of November 2008, there were over 22 million downloads.

Kris Versteeg

Kristopher Royce Versteeg (born May 13, 1986) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Toronto Maple Leafs, Philadelphia Flyers, Calgary Flames, Los Angeles Kings and Florida Panthers.

Before playing in the NHL, Versteeg played 5 seasons in the Western Hockey League (WHL). 3 seasons with the Lethbridge Hurricanes, 1 seasons with the Kamloops Blazers and 1 season with the Red Deer Rebels.

He was drafted with the 134th overall pick by the Boston Bruins in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He played 2 seasons with their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, Providence Bruins and was traded along with a conditional draft pick to the Chicago Blackhawks in exchange for Brandon Bochenski.

He played 3 seasons with the Blackhawks and won the Stanley Cup with them during the 2009–10 NHL season. His name was originally misspelled "Kris Vertseeg" when it was engraved on the Stanley Cup but it was quickly corrected afterwards. Versteeg was traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs along with the rights to prospect Bill Sweatt for Viktor Stalberg, Chris DiDomenico, and Philippe Paradis because of salary cap restraints.

He played 1 season with the Maple Leafs and was traded to the Philadelphia Flyers for first-round and third-round draft picks. He only played 20 games for the Flyers and was again traded, this time to the Florida Panthers for a second-round and a third-round pick.

Versteeg would play 1 season and 28 games with the Panthers before being traded back to the Chicago Blackhawks on November 14, 2013 in exchange for Jimmy Hayes and Dylan Olsen. On June 15, 2015, he won his second Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Tampa Bay Lightning in six games.

On September 11, 2015, Versteeg was traded along with Joakim Nordström to the Carolina Hurricanes in exchange for a 3rd round draft pick in the 2017 NHL Entry Draft. Versteeg and Nordström were traded because the Blackhawks had to make cap space for Marcus Kruger.


Kerry King

Kerry Ray King (born June 3, 1964) is an American guitarist, best known as the rhythm and lead guitarist and one of the first members of American thrash metal band Slayer.

King was born in Los Angeles, California. His father worked as an aircraft part inspector, and his mother worked for a telephone company. When he was a teenager, Kerry moved to Phoenix, Arizona, where he learned how to play guitar from a local man, Dana Dawley. He divorced once; his current wife is Ayesha King, he also has a daughter named Shyanne Kymberlee King from his first marriage. In 1981, King was trying out for the position as a guitarist in a band. After the session was over Jeff Hanneman talked with him and the two began playing Iron Maiden and Judas Priest songs with the session drummer. Hanneman said "Why don’t we start our OWN band?” [Laughs] I was like, “…Fuck yeah!"
King once had long hair, but then shaved his head when he started balding. His bald head, spiked wristband, long beard and his tattoo work (which covers his hands, arms and head) are his trademarks, to such a degree that "Blender" included a tour of his body ink.

King's acronym, KFK, was revealed to mean "Kerry Fuckin' King" in the January 2007 Issue of Guitar World.

Reign in Blood

Reign in Blood is the third album by Slayer. Slayer is an American thrash metal band. Def Jam Recordings released the album on October 7, 1986. "Reign in Blood" was Slayer's first album with a major record label. Rick Rubin produced the album with the band. He helped the band make better music.

Many music critics and fans liked "Reign in Blood". The album helped Slayer become more popular. The band became important in the heavy metal community. "Kerrang!" magazine said the record was "the heaviest album of all time," and an important album in thrash metal and speed metal. "Reign in Blood" is compared to many other important thrash metal albums made in the 1980s, such as Anthrax's "Among the Living", Megadeth's "Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?", and Metallica's "Master of Puppets." Many people think "Reign in Blood" is one of the most influential thrash metal albums ever made.

"Reign in Blood" changed how thrash metal music sounded in the 1980s. It was Slayer's first album on the "Billboard" 200. It was number 94 on the music chart. The RIAA gave the album a gold certification in 1992. In 2013, NME wrote that it was one of the greatest albums of all time.

Slayer released their second album in March 1985. It was named "Hell Awaits". Many music critics liked it. The band's producer, Brian Slagel, thought that the band's next album was going to be very popular. Slagel talked to many different record labels. One of them was Def Jam Recordings. At first, Slagel did not want the band to join Def Jam. This is because Def Jam did not have many other thrash metal bands in their record label. Rick Rubin, one of the people who made Def Jam, was interested in Slayer. Dave Lombardo, the band's drummer, learned that Rubin was interested. He tried to talk to Rubin. The other members of Slayer did not want to leave Metal Blade Records. This was the record label they made "Show No Mercy" (1983) and "Hell Awaits" with. The band had a contract with Metal Blade.

Lombardo talked to Columbia Records. This was Def Jam's distributor (business that moves products). Columbia helped Lombardo talk to Rubin. Rubin agreed to go to one of Slayer's concerts. He brought Glen E. Friedman with him. Friedman was a music producer. Friedman had produced the first album made by Suicidal Tendencies. Slayer's singer, Tom Araya, was in a music video for a song on the album.

Jeff Hanneman was surprised that Rubin was interested in the band. Hanneman liked the work Rubin did with hip hop music makers, such as Run-DMC and LL Cool J. Rubin later talked to the band, and said that he wanted them to join Def Jam. Slayer joined the record label. The band went to Seattle for two days to take group photos. One of the photos was used on the back of the album "South of Heaven" (1988).

The band recorded and produced "Reign in Blood" at Hit City West (a music studio) in Los Angeles. Rubin produced the album with the band. It was the first time Rubin produced a thrash metal album. Because of this, he made the album sound different from the band's first two albums. A music critic from AllMusic thought that Rubin's work made the songs on the album faster. He also made the music on "Reign in Blood" sound better than the music on "Show No Mercy" and "Hell Awaits". Because of this, Slayer's music sounded different, and more people listened to it.

There is a scream at the start of "Angel of Death". This is the first song on the album. Araya said that Hanneman wanted to put the scream on the album. Araya is the person who screamed. He recorded himself screaming many times.

The album is 29 minutes long. The band realized the album was short once they finished it. The band did not know if they should make more music or not. They asked Rubin what to do. Araya told Metal Hammer that Rubin said "it had 10 songs, verses, choruses and leads", and that it was an album. Rubin did not have a problem with how long the album was. King said that albums that were an hour long were normal at the time. He said that by taking out unneeded songs, "you could make a much more intense record, which is what we're all about". The album fits on one side of a cassette tape.

Slayer did a concert tour after they finished the album. It was named the "Reign in Pain" tour. In the United States, they played with Overkill. In Europe, they played with Malice. In late 1986, Dave Lombardo left Slayer. The band needed a new drummer so they could keep playing music. They hired Tony Scaglione from Whiplash. Rubin wanted Lombardo to join the band again. He told Lombardo he would give him money to come back. In 1987, Lombardo came back to the band.

Slayer released "Reign in Blood" on October 7, 1986. It was the band's first album to be on the "Billboard" 200. This is an American music chart. It was number 94 on the music chart. The album was also number 47 on the UK Albums Chart. In 1992, the RIAA gave the album a gold certification.

"Reign in Blood" got good reviews from many music magazines. Steve Huey, a music critic from AllMusic, wrote that the album was a "classic". He also said that the album helped make death metal. Clay Jarvis from "Stylus Magazine" said that it was "the greatest metal album of all time". "Kerrang!" said it was the "heaviest album of all time". The magazine put "Reign in Blood" on a list of the 100 best heavy metal albums. In 2006, "Metal Hammer" said it was the "best metal album of the last 20 years". In 2017, "Rolling Stone" ranked the album number 6 on a list of the "100 Greatest Metal Albums of All Time".

Joe Satriani

Joseph Satriani (born July 15, 1956 in Westbury, New York) is an American musician. He can play different instruments. He is most well known for his work as a rock guitarist. 

Early in his career, Satriani worked as a guitar teacher. Some of his former students have become famous with their guitar skills. These include Steve Vai, Larry LaLonde, Kirk Hammett, Charlie Hunter, Kevin Cadogan and Alex Skolnick. 

Satriani has been important in the music made by other musicians. He was a founder of the ever-changing touring trio, G3, as well as performing in various positions with other musicians.

Satriani has the second most Grammy Award nominations of any artist without winning.


Surfing with the Alien

Surfing with the Alien is the second album by instrumental rock solo artist Joe Satriani, released in 1987. "Surfing with the Alien" contributed greatly to establishing Satriani's reputation as a respected rock guitarist.

The album contains fast and complex songs such as "Surfing with the Alien" and "Satch Boogie", stranger-sounding "Crushing Day" and "Lords of Karma", and slower, melodic songs like "Always with Me, Always with You" and "Echo" which provide a change of pace. Also, "Midnight", uses the technique of two-hand tapping at great speed, making a Latin-American effect. There are also Nashville tuned guitars (on "Echo") and key changes (on "Always with Me, Always with You" and "Echo") to vary the album.

The album cover shows the Marvel Comics character, the Silver Surfer on the front and the hand of Galactus on the back. The image is from Silver Surfer #1 (1982). The artist, John Byrne, has said that the image was used without his permission and that he never got paid for its use. The art is from panel 1 of page 6 of SILVER SURFER #1 published in 1982. However, the album liner notes mention a Marvel Characters, Inc. copyright and say the Silver Surfer likeness is used with permission.

All songs written by Joe Satriani.

For Whom the Bell Tolls (Metallica song)

For Whom the Bell Tolls is a 1984 Thrash metal song by rock band Metallica from their second album Ride the Lightning. The song's name comes from Ernest Hemingway's 1940 novel of the same name.


Surfing with the Alien (song)

"Surfing with the Alien" is the first song in Joe Satriani's second album "Surfing with the Alien". The song refers to the comic book character Silver Surfer. The song was named the 30th greatest guitar solo ever by "Guitar World" magazine readers. It is one of his faster shred guitar style songs. The song was also the theme song for the Nintendo 64 game NASCAR 99.

Eddie Colón

Edwin Carlos Colón Coates (born December 21, 1982) is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler. He is best known for his time in WWE, where he performed under the ring names Primo (Colón) and Diego. He is currently signed to World Wrestling Council (WWC) under his real name, Eddie Colón. 

He is the son of Carlos Colón, Sr. and the younger brother of pro wrestlers Stacy and Carly Colón, who wrestles as Carlito in WWE. The brothers, known as The Colóns, were the first team to win the WWE Tag Team Championship and the World Tag Team Championship at the same time, making them the first Unified WWE Tag Team Champions. He later won the WWE Tag Team Championship a second time with his cousin Epico.



Frank White (baseball)

Frank White (born September 4, 1950 in Greenville, Mississippi) is a retired American baseball player and is a former coach of the Kansas City Royals. He was a second baseman. He now is part of the television broadcast team for the Royals.

White won the World Series with the Kansas City Royals in 1985.

His number (#20) is retired by the Royals. He is one of only two Royals players to have his number retired by the team (the other is George Brett).


Imagine (John Lennon album)

Imagine is John Lennon's second solo album. It was recorded and released in 1971 and has remained popular. In 2012, "Imagine" was voted 80th on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the "500 Greatest Albums of All Time".

This album had songs that were gentler, more commercial and less avant-garde than the ones he released on his previous album, "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band". In 2003 "Rolling Stone" magazine named "Imagine" #76 on its list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.

Imagine (John Lennon song)

"Imagine" is a song written and performed by English rock musician John Lennon. It is the first track on his album "Imagine", released in 1971. "Imagine" was released as a single in the United States where it reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. When asked about the song in one of his last interviews, Lennon said that "Imagine" was as good as anything he had written with the Beatles. The song is one of three Lennon solo songs, along with "Instant Karma!" and "Give Peace a Chance", in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll. "Rolling Stone" ranked "Imagine" the 3rd greatest song of all time in their The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time issue.
David Archuleta sang the song in Season 7 of "American Idol".
The song was written to encourage people to believe/imagine a world where everyone was equal and peaceful, without the separation of different religions, beliefs, races etc.


John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band

John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band is the first solo album by English rock musician John Lennon. It was released in 1970. It was released after Lennon released three experimental albums with Yoko Ono and "Live Peace in Toronto 1969", a live show in Toronto credited to The Plastic Ono Band. The album was recorded at the same time with Yoko Ono's debut avant garde solo album "Yoko Ono/Plastic Ono Band" at Ascot Sound Studios and Abbey Road Studios using the same musicians and production team. It had almost the same cover artwork. "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band" is generally considered one of Lennon's best solo albums. "Rolling Stone" named it the twenty-second greatest album of all time.

All songs written by John Lennon.




God (John Lennon song)

"God" is a song from John Lennon's first solo album, "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band". The album was released on December 11, 1970 in the U.S. and the UK. 

The song was considered controversial upon release, because it was about religion.

Tom Seaver

George Thomas "Tom" Seaver (November 17, 1944 – August 31, 2020) was an American baseball player for the New York Mets, Cincinnati Reds, Chicago White Sox and Boston Red Sox. He was a pitcher. In his career he won more than 300 games. He won a World Series in 1969. His number was retired by the Mets. He was a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame.

On the Mets Seaver won a World Series in 1969 and a National League pennant in 1973. He won the Cy Young Award three times while he was with the Mets, in 1969, 1973 and 1975. The Cy Young Award is given to the best pitcher of the year in each league. He also won the Rookie of the Year award as the best first year player in the league in 1967.

Seaver led the National League in wins three times, in 1969 and 1975 with the Mets and in 1981 with the Reds. He led the National League in earned run average three times, in 1970, 1971 and 1973. He led the National League in strikeouts five times, in 1970, 1971, 1973, 1975 and 1976.

His final year was played with the Red Sox. He was induced in the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1992. He was born in Fresno, California.

In March 2019, Seaver was diagnosed with Lewy body dementia. He died on August 31, 2020 from the disease and COVID-19 in Calistoga, California at the age of 75.

Kim Johnsson

Kim Johnsson (born March 16, 1976 in Malmö, Sweden) is a retired professional Swedish ice hockey player that played a combined 11 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) as well as 6 seasons in the Swedish Elite League and 1 season in the National League A (NLA).

He played two seasons with the New York Rangers in 1999–00 and 2000–01 and was traded along with Jan Hlaváč, Pavel Brendl, and a 3rd-round pick to the Philadelphia Flyers for Eric Lindros on August 20, 2001. Johnsson played four seasons with the Flyers. He then signed a four-year contract with the Minnesota Wild and after four years in Minnesota he was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks along with Nick Leddy for Cam Barker.

Craig Stansberry

Craig-Chad Leo Stansberry (born March 8, 1982 in Dammam, Saudi Arabia) is an American baseball player. He is a third baseman for the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball (MLB).

Stansberry is the first baseball player born in Saudi Arabia to play for a Major League Baseball team.


Kelly Slater

Kelly Slater (born February 11 1972) is a professional American surfer and actor. He is considered one of the best in surfing and he has a video game named after him called, "Kelly Slater's Pro Surfer". He also voiced himself in the 2007 film, Surf's Up and has acted in many other movies and acted in ten episodes of Baywatch as the character "Jimmy Slade". Slater also formed a band with surfers Rob Machado and Peter King, called "The Surfers" and released an album. Slater has won many awards and has also been an ASP World Champion a record 11 times.

Kelly Slater's Official website

Government of Canada

The Government of Canada is a constitutional monarchy. It has a monarch, who currently is King Charles III. He appoints a Governor General to Canada to represent himself. The country is run by a democratically elected government, led by a Prime Minister. A Parliament is elected, usually every five years. From the parliament, a cabinet is organized with the prime minister as leader.

List of Formula One circuits

This is a list of circuits (race tracks) used by FIA World Championship race. This list includes circuits which have hosted a Grand Prix from the season to the season. Also included are circuits scheduled to hold a Grand Prix in .

In total, 68 different circuits have hosted (or will host) a World Championship races. The first to do so was Silverstone. The first World Championship race, the British Grand Prix, was held there. The longest was Pescara Circuit (25 km) which normally held the Coppa Acerbo race. It hosted one World Championship race, the Pescara Grand Prix. One of the most famous is the old Nürburgring (22 km) which hosted the German Grand Prix from to .

Several different forms of race tracks have been used in the history of Formula One. These include purpose-built race tracks such as Suzuka, road tracks such as Spa and city street tracks such as Monaco.

The circuits that will host a race in the season are shown in bold.


Lee Harvey Oswald

Lee Harvey Oswald (October 18, 1939 – November 24, 1963) was, according to five government investigations, the sniper who assassinated U.S. President John F. Kennedy in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963.

A former U.S. Marine who lived in the Soviet Union for almost 3 years, Oswald was first arrested for the murder of police officer J. D. Tippit (1924-1963), who had been shot on a Dallas street shortly after Kennedy was killed. He was also soon suspected in the death of Kennedy as well.

Soon after he was arrested, Oswald talked to reporters in a hallway. Oswald shouted, "I didn't shoot anybody," and, "They've taken me in because of the fact that I lived in the Soviet Union. I'm just a patsy!" (a scapegoat or someone who is blamed for something someone else actually did). Later, at a press meeting, a reporter asked, "Did you kill the President?" and Oswald answered, "No, I have not been charged with that. In fact, nobody has said that to me yet. The first thing I heard about it was when the newspaper reporters in the hall asked me that question." As he was led from the room the question was called out, "What did you do in Russia?" and, "How did you hurt your eye?"; Oswald answered, "A policeman hit me."

Two days later, while being moved from police headquarters to the county jail, Oswald was shot and mortally wounded by nightclub owner Jack Ruby, in full view of television cameras broadcasting live.

In 1964, the Warren Commission concluded that Oswald acted alone in killing Kennedy, a conclusion reached previously by the FBI and Dallas Police. In 1979, The United States House of Representatives Select Committee on Assassinations agreed that Kennedy was killed by Oswald, but also concluded Kennedy`s death was probably as a result of a conspiracy. The members of this probable conspiracy were not identified.

Oswald had been born in New Orleans, 2 months after his father died, and his mother moved him and 2 brothers to several different towns, while marrying a third husband for 3 years, 1945-48. After attending 12 schools, around Fort Worth, New York City, and New Orleans, Oswald dropped out of 10th grade, at age 16, and worked as an office clerk/messenger. Moving back to Texas in July 1956, Oswald entered 10th grade in Fort Worth, but quit school again, at age 17 in October, to join the U.S. Marines, as had his brother Robert, after their half-brother John Pic joined the U.S. Coast Guard. In 1959, Oswald received a hardship discharge (for mother's health) to quit the Marines, but defected to the Soviet Union, for nearly 3 years. Having married Marina, the daughter of a Soviet security official, he re-defected back to the U.S. with her and their daughter, in June 1962.
They settled in Dallas, with his mother and brother Robert. Oswald worked 3 months in a welding company, then worked in a printing shop from October until being fired in April 1963. Oswald was later suspected of the April 10 attempt to shoot General Edwin Walker, using a rifle (and handgun) he received through mail-order in March. Oswald and Marina quickly moved to New Orleans in April, but she returned to Dallas in late September 1963, when he traveled to Mexico with failed plans to go to Cuba and the USSR. Instead, he returned to Dallas and began working at the Texas School Book Depository on October 16, 1963. The FBI was investigating Marina as a possible Soviet spy. That was one month before the shootings of President Kennedy and Officer Tippit.

Later, at an arranged press meeting, a reporter asked, "Did you kill the President?" and Oswald – who by that time had been advised of the charge of murdering Tippit, but had not yet been arraigned in Kennedy's death – answered, his voice breaking, "No, I have not been charged with that. In fact, nobody has said that to me yet. The first thing I heard about it was when the newspaper reporters in the hall asked me that question." A reporter informed Oswald that he had been charged. Oswald reacted shocked.
Oswald died on November 24, 1963, from a gunshot wound at close range, by Jack Ruby. As Oswald was led through the basement of Dallas Police Headquarters to be transferred to the county jail, Ruby stepped out of the crowd of onlookers and fired a single shot. Oswald was survived by his wife Marina, 2-year-old daughter June, and 1-month-old daughter Rachel. Oswald cried out as he was shot and slumped to the concrete paving, as his manacled hands clutched at his abdomen and writhing with pain, moaning. The crowd outside the headquarters burst into applause when they heard that Oswald had been shot. a police detective Billy Combest suddenly recognized Ruby and exclaimed: "Jack, you son of a bitch!" A moaning Oswald was carried back into the basement level jail office. Combest asked Oswald, “Do you have anything you want to tell us now?” Oswald shook his head. He lost consciousness shortly thereafter.

Researcher Sean Murphy has suggested that a man standing on the Depository front steps in the Dave Wiegman, Jr. and James Darnell films during the assassination, called "Prayer Man", was Oswald and Oswald’s wife, Marina also expressed her belief. The suggestion is that that the official record of Marrion Baker and Roy Truly encountering Oswald in the TSBD second floor lunchroom was false and on the day of the assassination, Truly was overheard by reporter Kent Biffle, informing Dallas Police Captain Will Fritz (chief of homicide) that he had seen Oswald in “a storage room on the first floor”. Occhus Campbell (the vice President of the TSBD) also told the New York Herald Tribune the same day that he saw Oswald “shortly after the shooting” in the first floor storage room. Fritz even wrote that Truly saw Oswald “immediately after the shooting somewhere near the back stairway”. The storage room on the first floor was located under the front stairs. In addition, notes taken down by FBI Special Agent James P. Hosty and Fritz during the first interrogations of Oswald on November 22, indicate that when Oswald was asked to account for himself at the time of the assassination, he claimed that he “went outside to watch P. Parade” (referring to the presidential motorcade), and that he was “out with [William Shelley, a foreman at the depository] in front”. According to postal inspector Harry Holmes, Oswald said that he was at the “front entrance to the first floor” in the first floor vestibule by the front entrance and wanted to see what the “commotion” was when he encountered a policeman who told him to “step aside”.

The Mary Ferrell Foundation featured the book as amongst the most featured and reviewed of 2015.<ref name="maryferrell/docset=1797"></ref> A 2015 podcast praised Murphy's research and concluded that "while it remains a hypothesis, Sean Murphy's incredible deducing manages to make a possible and sound case that the unknown man standing on the steps in the Darnell and Wiegman films can only reasonbly be Lee Oswald." One theorist praised Murphy’s research as "briliant" and "ground breaking" and stated, "...regardless of what one believes Oswald was doing at the time of the assassination, Sean Murphy’s research stands on solid ground, and Stan Dane is to be commended for writing this book". A website had readers call it "A must read for anyone who doesn't believe the official version of the JFK assassination events."

Stan Dane later created a blog promoting his book. Kamp later indicated his support in a 2018 podcast. One theorist scoffed at how "detractors say it is “someone else” or “a stranger” on the steps if not hallucinating completely and calling the figure a woman, an alien, or some species closely related to the unicorn."

Conspiracy

A conspiracy is a plan among two or more people to do a particular thing. Usually it is a secret plan, and often for an illegal act.



Race track

A race track is a special place built for racing. The racing may be for people, animals, or vehicles. Examples of animal racing are horse racing. Examples of vehicle racing are automobiles and motorcycles. A race track may have seats for the spectators to watch the race.

Other name for race tracks are race course, speedway, and circuit.

Often race tracks are the place where people will bet on animals and vehicles to win.
Modern racetracks are designed with safety as the first priority. This is very important for race tracks used in auto racing. Safety for the spectator, track workers, and racers. Fences are often used to protect the spectators from the race track. Barriers, sometimes padded, are used to stop race cars if they run off the track.

Most race tracks are a closed loop. The start and finish line is at the same place. Some tracks are "open". They start at one point and end at a different location. 

 Some race tracks are in the general form of a circle or oval. Michigan International Speedway is an example of an oval track. The racers always turn in the same direction. In the United States, they normally turn left. NASCAR runs most of its races on oval tracks.

 Some race tracks are called road courses. The racers turn both left and right. Donington Park in England is an example of a road course. Formula One runs most of its races on road courses. These types of tracks are often called "circuits", especially in Europe.

Some races tracks are temporary street courses. Regular public roads are temporally closed, and the race couse is set-up using the closed roads. One of the most famous street course is Circuit de Monaco. Every year, the Formula One Monaco Grand Prix is held on this course. These types of tracks are usually called "circuits".

County jail

The term "county jail" is used in the United States for jails maintained to hold prisoners in each of the many county divisions of a U.S. state. People may be moved into a county jail immediately after they are arrested, or may later be transferred to a county jail from a local holding cell or detention center. In smaller counties, there may be a single jail facility. Larger, more populated counties will often operate more than one jail at locations throughout the county.

County jails usually hold people under the following circumstances:

Jails may also hold key trial witnesses for criminal cases, known as "material witnesses", who have been found by a court to be unlikely to appear to testify if not detained, and people who have been charged with crimes in other states who are being held for extradition proceedings.

Although it is unusual, some people charged with crimes might wait in a county jail for a year or longer, awaiting a criminal trial, while unable to bond out by posting "bail" (depending on the nature of the criminal charges against them).

After a defendant is convicted of a crime, he or she may be sentenced to prison. When that occurs, the defendant will usually be held in the county jail until he or she can be taken into the custody of the state's prison system. U.S. prison populations include many "hardened criminals" who have been convicted of a significant crime or series of crimes, while a county jail might contain many people who have not yet been convicted and are thus presumed innocent, first-time offenders, who do not have a severe criminal mindset, along with more serious offenders who have not yet been convincted or sentenced, or are awaiting transfer to prison.

In most states, each county jail is maintained by a "sheriff's department" run by the current county sheriff and his deputy officers. The County Sheriff's department is a police agency with county-wide jurisdiction, separate from the city or town police departments, within a county.

In order to protect the legal rights of inmates, both for their own safety and the safety of others, a county jail will have some private cells to hold especially violent or controversial suspects, to protect others from them or them from being targeted by the "general population" of the jail, as well as to observe inmates who may want to harm themselves. Also, a county jail will be subject to medical or health restrictions, such as providing medical care or Kosher foods, in order to ensure the health of inmates and to respect their civil rights.

For those reasons, a county jail is often very different, as to both structure and occupants, from a prison.

Sheriff

A sheriff is generally a legal official with responsibility for a county or parish. The duties of a sheriff vary from country to country. The term comes from Anglo-Norman English. The kings officer in each shire was called a "shire-reeve". His function was to enforce the king's law in the shire or county. 

The term shire reeve appears in documents in England in the early 11th century. When William the Conqueror conquered England in 1066, he kept most of the Anglo-Saxon sheriffs. When William abolished the great Anglo-Saxon Earldoms, the sheriff became the immediate representative of the king in the county. His appointment was typically for one year. He held court where he punished minor offenders. Later, his powers were reduced to arresting and imprisoning criminals. 

When the American colonies began to grow, Britain established political control. As each colony established counties, a sheriff was appointed to keep law and order. He was also an officer of the British court. The sheriff had different titles in different colonies. In Rhode Island he was called a general sergeant. In Connecticut and Massachusetts the title was Marshal. In Plymouth Colony he was called a messenger. In the later colonial period, sheriffs were appointed by the colonial governor. They collected taxes, testified in court and served subpoenas. Because they were paid per task, and tax collecting paid the most, enforcing the law became a lower priority.

After the American Revolutionary War sheriffs were elected by the people.

In the American west, the Spanish were colonizing what would become Texas, California. The equivalent of the sheriff was called an Alguacil (sheriff/constable). As Americans moved west, they often started new communities. A sheriff was usually the only available law enforcement. Sheriffs had the power of "posse comitatus". That means a sheriff had the power to deputize anyone to help him keep the peace or go after and arrest criminals. A group of temporary deputies under the authority of a sheriff is called a posse. As America grew the posse was used less and less. Sheriffs are still the main law enforcement in rural areas. 

In many states the sheriff remains the highest ranking county law enforcement officer. Each state decides what powers the sheriff will have. In some states the sheriff is a court officer and law enforcement is left to the police. In other states they are charged with enforcing laws, investigate crimes, transport prisoners and operate jails. A sheriff can appoint deputies. A small sheriff's department might be run by a sheriff alone. A large sheriff's department could have hundreds of deputies and civilian employees. The main difference between a sheriff's office and a police department is that the sheriff usually operates correctional facilities and county civil functions.

Sheriffs were appointed, as early as 1829 in Western Australia, as a court official. Duties included collecting taxes and fines.


Circle MRT line

The 35.7-kilometre Circle MRT Line (CCL) is Singapore's fourth Mass Rapid Transit line, and the first medium capacity line. This underground line is long with 30 stations (excluding Bukit Brown) and is fully automatically operated. As the name implies, the line is an orbital line linking all radial lines leading to the city, and also covering many parts of the Central Area. It will also connect to Marina South via a branch line branching off from Promenade and ending at Marina Bay. Circle Line is not a full circle, and the Stage 6 will only merge the section from Marina Bay to HarbourFront, forming a loop. The line is colored yellow on the MRT Rail map.

The first part opened to the public from Bartley to Marymount on May 28, 2009. When finished, the line will connect all MRT lines, and will allow passengers to bypass the downtown area, so that the City Hall and Raffles Place interchange stations will be less crowded. The second part opened to the public from Bartley to Dhoby Ghaut on April 17, 2010 while the remaining parts will be opened in October 8, 2011. Circle Line Extension (CCLe) had been in operation since 14 January 2012.

Battle of the Nile

The Battle of the Nile was an important naval battle (fought by ships) between the British and the French. It happened from 1 to 3 August 1798, during the Napoleonic Wars. The British Royal Navy, led by Horatio Nelson, defeated the French, who were led by Napoleon Bonaparte. The name comes because the battle was fought in an estuary of the River Nile, off the coast of Egypt.

Great Britain took control of the eastern Mediterranean. Napoleon had won the earlier Battle of the Pyramids, but his army was now cut off from France. France eventually surrendered at the Capitulation of Alexandria.

Gil Hodges

Gil Hodges (April 4, 1924 – April 2, 1972) was a baseball player and manager. He was a player on the Brooklyn Dodgers and the New York Mets. Then he was a manager for the Mets.

Hodges was the manager of the 1969 mets. He also was a player for the 1955 Dodgers.

Mickey Mantle

Mickey Charles Mantle (October 20, 1931 – August 13, 1995) was an American baseball centerfielder. He played 18 seasons in Major League Baseball (from 1951 to 1968) for the New York Yankees. Mantle is considered to be the greatest switch hitter of all time. He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1974. He was born in Spavinaw, Oklahoma. He played on 7 champion Yankees teams. He also hit 16 World Series home runs, and held the record for most home runs in Yankee Stadium for many years. He was elected to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team in 1999. His three closest teammates were Joe DiMaggio, Roger Maris and Whitey Ford. He was an alcoholic. He had hepatitis C and died in Dallas, Texas from liver cancer.

His nicknames included The Mick, The Commerce Comet, and Muscles. "The Commerce Comet" is a reference to Mantle's days spent working in the coal mines of Commerce, Oklahoma. As a result of this work, Mantle grew incredibly strong, which led to the nickname "Muscles".

Mantle was noted for batting average and for his batting power. He won the Major League Baseball Triple Crown in 1956, leading MLB in batting average, home runs, and runs batted in (RBI). He received three American League (AL) Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player (MVP) Awards, and played in nineteen Major League Baseball All-Star Game games. Mantle appeared in 12 World Series, his team winning 7 of them. He holds the records for most World Series home runs (18), RBIs (40), runs (42), walks (43), extra-base hits (26), and total bases (123). He is also the career leader (tied with Jim Thome) in walk-off home runs, with a combined thirteen, twelve in the regular season and one in the Major League Baseball postseason.


The Fame

The Fame is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Lady Gaga. It was released on August 19, 2008 by Interscope Records. It won the Grammy Award for Best Electronic/Dance Album in 2010. The single "Poker Face" won the Grammy for Best Dance Recording.

Even though the album was released in 2008, it was listed at #31 on the "Billboard" 200 Decade-End album chart for the 2010s decade (2010–19).

President of Ukraine

The President of Ukraine (, "Prezydent Ukrayiny") is the Ukrainian head of state. The President represents the nation in international relations, administers the foreign political activity of the state, conducts negotiations and concludes international treaties.

The current president is Volodymyr Zelenskyy.

Prime Minister of Ukraine

The Prime Minister of Ukraine (, "Prem'ier-ministr Ukrayiny") is Ukraine's head of government presiding over the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine, which is the highest body of the executive branch of the Ukrainian government.

While in office, the Prime Minister is granted full legal immunity from all prosecutions and legal proceedings. The Prime Minister's office is headquartered in the Cabinet of Ministries building in central Kyiv.

Since Ukrainian independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, there have been 16 Prime Ministers (20 counting acting PMs). Denys Shmyhal is the incumbent Prime Minister since March 4, 2020.

Singapore Telecommunications

Singapore Telecommunications Limited commonly abbreviated as SingTel, is a telecommunications company. SingTel has a combined mobile subscriber base of 285 million customers as of December 2009. This inclues its own operations and regional associates of SingTel. SingTel is an Internet service provider and provides internet television They provide landline telephone (traditional wired telephone) and mobile phone services. SingTel has expanded outside its home market with many regional operators, including Australia and India.

SingTel is the largest company by market capitalisation listed on the Singapore Exchange. The majority of the company is owned by Temasek Holdings, the investment arm of the Singapore government. SingTel Digital Media Pte Ltd (STDM) which owns content portal, insing.com, is a wholly owned subsidiary of SingTel. SingTel has 37 offices in 19 countries located throughout Asia Pacific, Europe and the US.

In June 2008, SingTel was the title sponsor of the first Formula One night race in Singapore. They have continued sponsoring the race through 2010.



Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine

The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine () is the highest body of state executive power in Ukraine and serves as the cabinet of government. 

In current Cabinet 2008 there are 20 Ministries and 25 seats in the Cabinet. The Cabinet is responsible to the President of Ukraine and is under the control of and accountable to the Verkhovna Rada (Ukrainian parliament).

It consists of the Prime Minister, the First Vice-Prime Minister, several Vice-Prime Ministers, the Minister of the Cabinet and many other Ministers, who head their assigned Ministries (departments).

The Cabinet is steered by the Prime Minister, chosen from the parliament with the President's formal proposal.

Verkhovna Rada

The Verkhovna Rada (; ) is Ukraine's parliament. The Verkhovna Rada is a unicameral parliament composed of 450 deputies, which is presided over by a chairman or a speaker. It meets in the "Verkhovna Rada building" in Ukraine's capital Kyiv.

The Verkhovna Rada was first established in 1938 as the national parliament of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic. Since then, 17 convocations (sessions) of the Verkhovna Rada were held. The Verkhovna Rada of the 14th convocation officially changed the numbering of sessions, proclaiming itself the Verkhovna Rada of the third convocation. The sixth convocation is the latest convocation of the parliament.

In the Verkhovna Rada elections, the seats are divided among all parties that achieved a minimum 3% nationwide vote tally, using the "Hamilton method of apportionment".

The latest elections in 2007 to the Verkhovna Rada were held on September 30, 2007. On October 8, 2008, President Viktor Yushchenko dissolved the parliament and called early elections, however these never took place.

Next election to the Verkhovna Rada will be held on October 29, 2024.

The name Rada () means "council". It originated in medieval Rus', and in the 10th century represented a boyar council. It was also used by Dnieper Cossacks in the 17th and 18th centuries for the meetings where major decisions were made and new councils were elected by popular vote.

This name was later used by the Ukrainian Revolutionary government between March 17, 1917 and April 29, 1918 (Central Rada).

"Verkhovna", is the feminine form of the adjective meaning "supreme". It is derived from the Ukrainian word meaning "top".

List of amphibians of Russia

This list includes all amphibians currently found in Russia.


How Do You Sleep?

"How Do You Sleep?" is a song from John Lennon's 1971 album "Imagine", where he attacks his former Beatles songwriting partner and close friend Paul McCartney. The song has a slide guitar part played by George Harrison.

Who's Next

Who's Next is the fifth album by the English rock band The Who. It was released on July 31, 1971 by Decca and MCA in the United States and August 25, 1971 in the United Kingdom through Track and Polydor. "Who's Next" was a huge success when it was released, and has been certified 3x platinum by the RIAA.
All songs written by Pete Townshend except where noted. (All songs copyright Towser Tunes)



The Song Is Over

"The Song Is Over" is a song by English rock band The Who. It was on the album "Who's Next". The band never performed the song live.

Baba O'Riley

"Baba O'Riley" is a song by the English rock band The Who, written by Pete Townshend. Roger Daltrey sings most of the song, with Townshend singing the middle eight: "Don't cry/don't raise your eye/it's only teenage wasteland". The song's title comes from this combination of the song's philosophical and musical influences: Meher Baba and Terry Riley.

Katarina Waters

Katarina Waters (born 10 November 1980) is a German-born English professional wrestler and valet that currently wrestles for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name, Winter. She is best known from World Wrestling Entertainment, wrestling on its Raw brand with the ring name Katie Lea.

Before signing with WWE, she spent many years on the independent circuit, particularly in the Frontier Wrestling Alliance, where she used the ring name Nikita. After signing with WWE, she competed in Ohio Valley Wrestling, where she became a two time Women's Champion before being called up to the main roster.




Because (Beatles song)

"Because" is a song written by John Lennon (credited to Lennon/McCartney) and performed by The Beatles. It features a 3-part harmony vocal performance between Lennon, McCartney and George Harrison, overdubbed three times to make nine voices in all. "Because" appeared on the 1969 album "Abbey Road".


Come Together

"Come Together" is a song by The Beatles written mostly by John Lennon and credited to Lennon/McCartney. The song is the first song on the Beatles' 1969 album "Abbey Road". One month later it was released as a single with "Something", their twenty-first single in the United Kingdom and twenty-sixth in the United States. The song reached the top of the charts in the US, and peaked at number four in the UK. The song was also featured in a scene in the movie A Bronx Tale starring Robert De Niro.


Something

"Something" is a song written by the Beatles. It was written by George Harrison. The song is the second song on the album, Abbey Road.

Marlboro

Marlboro (, or ) is the largest selling brand of cigarettes in the world. It is made by Philip Morris USA (a branch of Altria) within the US, and by Philip Morris International (now separate from Altria) outside the US. It is famous for its billboard advertisements and magazine ads of the Marlboro Man.

Marlboro is also known for its sponsorship of auto racing. This started in with its sponsorship of Formula One teams BRM and Iso Marlboro-Ford.

For season Marlboro ended its sponsorship of both teams. Marlboro became associated with the McLaren team. Marlboro ended their sponsorship of McLaren in , which ended the famous red and white McLaren livery.

Marlboro also sponsored Scuderia Ferrari as secondary sponsor starting in 1980s Ferrari company president Enzo Ferrari refused to allow "outside" sponsor brands to appear on his team cars. After Enzo Ferrari's death in 1988, Marlboro began to take over as the primary sponsor. Later the team was officially named Scuderia Ferrari Marlboro.

In September 2005, Ferrari signed an extension of their sponsorship arrangement with Marlboro until 2011. This came at a time when tobacco sponsorship was being banned in many location. It had become illegal in the European Union, including F1 races. Other major teams have withdrawn from relationships with tobacco companies. In April 2008, the Marlboro logo was displayed on the Ferrari for the last time.

Marlboro then replaced the logo with a variety of barcodes. Leading health officials called for a review of the barcode advertising. The Ferrari team claims the barcode is part of the car design, not an advertising message. The controversial barcode designed was recently removed by Ferrari for the start of the Spanish Grand Prix.

Marlboro also sponsored the Alfa Romeo Formula One team between and .
Since their start in Formula One, Marlboro has also sponsored numerous teams and races.
Marlboro sponsorship in Champ Car (also known as 'CART' and 'IndyCar' at that time) dates back to 1986. The Penske cars in the Indy Racing League (IRL) currently run in Marlboro's distinctive red and white colors. In 2006, a Marlboro-sponsored car won the Indianapolis 500. For the 2007 season, Marlboro had ended their sponsorship of the Penske Cars. The Penske team will retain the color scheme. Where 'Marlboro Penske' appeared on the side of the cars, 'Team Penske' replaced it. Although Marlboro does not sponsor Team Penske, Philip Morris USA is still Team Penske's main sponsor.

Marlboro also sponsored the Australian Marlboro Holden Dealer Team from 1974 through to 1984. The Marlboro branding gave rise to some of Australia's most prominently recognizable race cars such as the L34 and A9X Torana, as well as the VK Group C "Big Banger" Commodore.

In Motorcycling Grand Prix, Marlboro sponsored the Yamaha team in 500cc and 250cc class. Marlboro currently sponsors the Ducati MotoGP. As of the 2009 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season, they are only allowed to put the Marlboro brand the bikes in Qatar.

Marlboro also has a long history in rallying sponsorship, including with the factory World Rally Championship teams of Toyota, Mitsubishi, and Peugeot. During the 2007 GP2 Series Season, ART Grand Prix was also sponsored by Marlboro.

Marlboro are generally credited as being among the most important of sponsors to the world of Formula 1 (and motor racing in general) in terms of the amount of financial backing given to various competitors. In mid-2006, special "racing editions" of Marlboro Red were sold in the UK, with a Ferrari-inspired design, although the Ferrari name and badge were not used.






Maxwell's Silver Hammer

"Maxwell's Silver Hammer" is a song by The Beatles, from the "Abbey Road" album. Paul McCartney sings lead vocals. It was written by McCartney, though the songwriting credit is Lennon/McCartney.

The vaudevillian-style song is about medical student Maxwell Edison, who uses his silver hammer to murder his girlfriend Joan, then his teacher, and finally the judge during his murder trial. Despite the grim subject matter, the song is bouncy and upbeat (a "happy song about a serial killer").

McCartney said in 1994 that it symbolizes the failures of life:

McCartney referred to the song when talking about his 2005 album "Chaos and Creation in the Backyard":

After resuming to record the "Abbey Road" album, the Beatles began recording Maxwell's Silver Hammer at Abbey Road Studios on 9 July 1969. McCartney, Harrison and Starr taped 16 takes of the song, followed by a series of guitar overdubs.

The following two days the group overdubbed vocals, piano, Hammond organ, anvil and guitar. The song was completed on 6 August, when McCartney recorded a solo on a Moog synthesizer.

John Lennon later said, "I hate it...He did everything to make it into a single, and it never was and it never could have been."

George Harrison described it in 1969 as "one of those instant whistle-along tunes which some people hate, and other people really like. It's a fun song, but it's kind of a drag because Maxwell keeps on destroying everyone like his girlfriend then the school teacher, and then, finally, the judge." In 1977 Harrison was more candid, describing it as "so fruity" but added "we did a good job on it". 

The length of time it took to record the song created tension between the Beatles. Paul McCartney said: "The only arguments were about things like me spending three days on Maxwell's Silver Hammer. I remember George saying, 'You've taken three days, it's only a song.' - 'Yeah, but I want to get it right. I've got some thoughts on this one.' It was early-days Moog work and it did take a bit of time".


For the studio version of the song, the anvil was played by Starr; in the Beatles film "Let It Be", however, Mal Evans is seen hitting the anvil as the Beatles play the track.


Oh! Darling

"Oh! Darling" is a song of The Beatles written by Paul McCartney (credited to Lennon/McCartney) and is the fourth song on the "Abbey Road" album.

McCartney later said, "When we were recording 'Oh! Darling' I came into the studios early every day for a week to sing it by myself because at first my voice was too clear. I wanted it to sound as though I'd been performing it on stage all week."

In a 1980 interview with "Playboy" magazine, John Lennon said, "'Oh! Darling' was a great one of Paul's that he didn't sing too well. I always thought I could have done it better—it was more my style than his. He wrote it, so what the hell, he's going to sing it."

George Harrison described the song as "a typical 1950s–'60s-period song because of its chord structure."

After an early attempt at this song on 27 January 1969 during the "Let It Be" sessions, Lennon announced, "Just heard that Yoko's divorce has just gone through", after which he and the band burst into an improvised version of the song, singing "I'm free at last" instead of a part of the lyric.




Octopus's Garden

"Octopus's Garden" is a song by The Beatles written by Ringo Starr from their 1969 album "Abbey Road".

George Harrison worked on this the song with Ringo Starr; perhaps because his own songs were not seen as good enough by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. Harrison said: "'Octopus's Garden' is Ringo's song. It's only the second song Ringo has ever written, mind you, and it's lovely." He added that the song gets very deep into your mind "because it's so peaceful. I suppose Ringo is writing cosmic songs these days without even realising it."

Ringo Starr got the idea for the song when he was on a boat owned by comedian Peter Sellers in Sardinia in 1968. He ordered fish and chips for lunch, but instead of fish he got squid. It was the first time he'd eaten squid, and he said, "It was OK. A bit rubbery. Tasted like chicken." The boat's captain told Ringo how octopuses travel along the sea bed picking up stones and shiny objects to build gardens. The "Let It Be" movie had a scene where George Harrison is shown helping Ringo Starr work the song out on piano.

The song, which contains the words "Oh what joy for every girl and boy / Knowing they're happy and they're safe," is sometimes thought of as being a song for children, like "Yellow Submarine", "The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill" or "All Together Now". It has been performed by the Muppets several times in their shows.

The basic instrumental track was recorded April 26, 1969, with two electric guitars (Harrison and John Lennon), bass guitar (Paul McCartney), and drums (Starr). George Martin did not produce the song, so the Beatles themselves were listed as producer, with Martin's assistant Chris Thomas present in the control room to help. Thirty-two takes were needed before the Beatles were happy with the song.

The backing vocals by McCartney and Harrison during the guitar solo were put through compressors and limiters to create a gurgling sound. Harrison added the sound of bubbles being blown into a glass of milk using a straw.


I Want You (She's So Heavy)

"I Want You (She's So Heavy)" is a song by The Beatles from their album "Abbey Road". It was written by John Lennon, although it is credited to Lennon/McCartney.

The song is an unusual Beatles song for many reasons, its length (nearly eight minutes), small number of lyrics (only fourteen different words are sung), three-minute descent through the same repeated guitar chords, and sudden ending. It is also one of the last songs that the Beatles mixed as a group, on August 20, 1969.

Here Comes the Sun

"Here Comes the Sun" is a song by George Harrison from The Beatles' 1969 album "Abbey Road".

Harrison stated in "The Beatles Anthology": 

Harrison, McCartney and Starr recorded the song in 13 takes on July 7, 1969. John Lennon did not contribute to the song as he was recovering from a car crash. Towards the end of the session, Harrison spent an hour re-recording his acoustic guitar part. Harrison capoed his guitar on the 7th fret, resulting the final key of A major. He also used the same technique on his 1965 song "If I Needed Someone," which shares a similar melodic pattern. The following day he taped his lead vocals, and he and McCartney recorded their backing vocals twice to give a fuller sound.

A harmonium and handclaps were added on July 16. Harrison's guitar solo was overdubbed on 6 August, and the orchestral parts were added on 15 August. "Here Comes the Sun" was completed four days later with the addition of Harrison's Moog synthesizer part.



Reggie Jackson

Reginald Martinez "Reggie" Jackson (born May 18, 1946) was a baseball player for the Oakland Athletics, the New York Yankees, and the California Angels. He was named Mr. October in the 1977 series. In 1973 and 77 he was named the most valuable player of the World Series. He played right fielder.

Jackson played 21 seasons and reached the post-season in 11 of them, winning six pennants and four World Series.

Jackson was also voted to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1993 on the first ballot. His number was retired by the Athletics and the Yankees.

In 2007, ESPN aired a mini-series called "The Bronx is Burning". It was about the 1977 Yankees. The conflicts and controversies around Jackson are a central part of the storyline. Jackson is portrayed by Daniel Sunjata.

Spiritual Machines

Spiritual Machines is the fourth studio album by Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace. It was released on December 12, 2000. The producers of the album was Arnold Lanni and lead singer Raine Maida and it was the last Our Lady Peace album produced by long time producer Arnold Lanni. It is certified double platinum in Canada, peaking #5.


Gravity (Our Lady Peace album)

Gravity is the fifth studio album by Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace. It was released on June 18, 2002. The producer of the album was Bob Rock. This album featured new guitarist Steve Mazur who replaced Mike Turner when he left the band in 2001.


Healthy in Paranoid Times

Healthy in Paranoid Times is the sixth studio album by Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace. It was released on August 30, 2005. The producer of the album was Bob Rock. The album peaked at #2 on the Soundscan Canadian Albums Chart, #45 on the Billboard 200 chart and #1 on Soundscan's Alternative albums chart. The song "Where Are You", peaked at #28 on Billboard's Alternative Songs chart. The album is certified Platinum for the shipment of 100,000 units.


Burn Burn (album)

Burn Burn is the seventh studio album by Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace. It was released on July 21, 2009. The producer of the album was lead singer Raine Maida. The peaked at #3 on the Canadian Albums Chart and also peaked at #41 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200.


Raine Maida

Raine Maida (born February 18, 1970 in Weston, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian singer/songwriter. He is the current lead singer of the Canadian alternative rock band, Our Lady Peace and was known for his unique countertenor nasal falsetto singing voice.

He began a solo career in 2006 and released a EP called "Love Hope Hero" on November 14, 2006. Maida is also a well known producer producing songs for act's like Avril Lavigne, Kelly Clarkson, David Cook and Carrie Underwood.

Maida is involved with numerous charities including War Child and was also a critic of the Iraq War as well as former U.S. president George W. Bush. He is married to Canadian singer Chantal Kreviazuk. Maida and Kreviazuk have three children together. They won the Allan Slaight Humanitarian Spirit Award in 2011 for their high ideals and humanitarian service.


Order of the Arrow

The Order of the Arrow is an honor society in the Boy Scouts of America. It was started by E. Urner Goodman in 1915. Members of the Order of the Arrow are called Arrowmen or Brothers. The Order of the Arrow uses American Indian symbols and lore. There are some "secret" ceremonies and words.

To be chosen to join the Order, youth members need to be voted in by their Scout troop, and have to have the First Class rank or higher. Adult leaders can also be chosen.

People who are entering the Order have to go through what is called an Ordeal. They have to go through a 24 hour period where they sleep outside, do not get much food, cannot talk, and do work, such as to help the camp where the Ordeal is happening.

Once someone goes through the Ordeal and becomes a member of the Order, they are called an Ordeal member. They can later become what is called a "Brotherhood member" after giving more service and going through another ceremony. Some Brotherhood members can later become "Vigil Members", but usually, no more than one out of every fifty people in a Lodge (local groups of the Order of the Arrow) can become Vigil Members.

Lingua franca

A lingua franca (originally Italian for "Frankish language" - see etymology below) is a language that is used between persons who do not have the same mother tongue.

The terms working language, bridge language and vehicular language are used in the same sense.

Around the Renaissance era a mixed language of Italian (80%) and many words from Turkish, French, Spanish, Greek and Arabic was used in the eastern region around the Mediterranean Sea It was in use as the language of commerce and diplomacy and was called lingua franca. At that time, in the port cities of the Ottoman empire there lived very many Italian speakers. "Franca" was the Italian word for "Frankish". Its usage in the term "lingua franca" came from its meaning in Arabic. That word came into use before the Crusades, when Europeans used to be called "Franks" or "Faranji" in Arabic. The term "lingua franca" is first recorded in English in 1678.

There are many languages in all continents that are used as lingua franca.

In Africa: Afrikaans, Berber, Fanagalo, Fula, Hausa, Krio, Manding, Sango, Swahili, Wolof

In Asia: Akkadian, Arabic, Aramaic, Azeri, Bengali, Chinese, Hebrew, Hindi-Urdu, Malay-Indonesian, Nepali, Persian, Sanskrit

In Europe: English, French, German, Greek, Italian, Latin, Polish,
Portuguese, Russian, Serbo-Croatian, Spanish, Yiddish

In Pre-Columbian America: Chinook Jargon, Nahuatl, Quechua, Tupi
Pidgins and creoles: Guinea-Bissau Creole, Tok Pisin

All continents : Esperanto as an auxiliary lingua franca

For some of them some explanations may be given.

English is the current "lingua franca" of international business, science, technology and aviation. It has replaced French as the lingua franca of diplomacy since World War II. The rise of English in diplomacy began in 1919, after World War I, when the Treaty of Versailles was written in English as well as in French. The use of English profited from the important international role of English-speaking nations (the United States and the Commonwealth of Nations) after World War II, particularly in the establishment and organization of the United Nations. English is one of the six official languages of the United Nations (the other five are French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish).

When the United Kingdom became a colonial power, English was the "lingua franca" of the colonies of the British Empire. In the post-colonial period, some of the newly created nations which had many indigenous languages decided to continue using English as the lingua franca to avoid the political difficulties that had developed if one had decided to use only one of the indigenous languages.

French was the language of diplomacy in Europe from the 13th century, and as a result is still a working language of international institutions and is seen on documents ranging from passports to airmail letters. For many years, until the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Denmark joined in 1973, French and German were the only official working languages of the European Economic Community. French was also the lingua franca of European literature in the 18th century.

German was a "lingua franca" in large portions of Europe for centuries, mainly the Holy Roman Empire.

As it was one of the official languages of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, German remained an important second language in much of Central and Eastern Europe long after World War I. Today, it is still the most common second language in some of the countries in the region (e.g. in Slovenia (45% of the pop.), Croatia (34%), the Czech Republic (31%) and Slovakia (28%)). In others, it is also known by significant numbers of the population (in Poland by 18%, in Hungary by 16%).

During the time of the Roman Empire, the "lingua franca"s were Greek and Latin. During the Middle Ages, the "lingua franca" was Greek in the parts of Europe, Middle East and Northern Africa where the Byzantine Empire had much influence, and Latin was used in the rest of Europe. Latin was used as the common language of the Roman Catholic Church. During the Second Vatican Council, Catholic liturgy changed to local languages, although Latin remains the official language of the Vatican. Latin was used as the language of scholars in Europe until the early 19th century in most subjects.




Sauber

Sauber F1 Team is a Swiss Formula One team. It was founded in the 1970s by Peter Sauber. The team ran its first Formula One in .

Sauber was an independent team, it did not have the backing of a automobile manufacturer such as Ferrari. Having not won a single Grand Prix race, the team was sold to BMW in 2005. The team competed as BMW Sauber from 2006 to 2009, and won one race. At the end of the 2009 season, BMW decided to leave Formula One.

The race team's future was uncertain for several months. BMW sold the team back to Peter Sauber which allowed the team to race in entry. Due to issues with the Formula One contract, the team name will remain BMW Sauber for the 2010 season.

Since the 1970s, Peter Sauber built sports cars. After using turbocharged Mercedes V8 engines in the 1980s, his team became the official factory team of Mercedes-Benz, reviving the Silver Arrow legend. They won the 24 hours of Le Mans and the World Sportscar Championship in 1989 and 1990, competing against Jaguar and Porsche.
Mercedes-Benz had planed to enter Formula One with Sauber. They could not work out all the details, so Mercedes withdrew their formal support. Mercedes continued to fund Sauber's Formula One project unofficially. The Sauber team was powered by V10 Ilmor engines in a chassis named the C12. This continued the Sauber's naming policy from the sports car days. The 'C' was a reference to Peter Sauber's wife, Christine. The cars were driven by JJ Lehto and Karl Wendlinger.

The Sauber racing debut took place in the first race of the season in South Africa. The car finished in fifth place, earning two points under the scoring system at the time. Over the remainder of the season the team rarely saw the finish of a race due to unreliability and racing accidents. When the team did finish a race, they were often in the top ten. Sauber ended the season with twelve points, seventh out of the thirteen original entries.

The team competed in the season as Sauber Mercedes, now officially Mercedes' factory team. Their new car was the Sauber C13 and the Ilmor engine was re-badged (given a new name) as the Mercedes 3.5 V10. Former Sauber sports car driver Heinz Harald Frentzen was Karl Wendlinger's new teammate.

Early performance was disappointingly, delivering similar results as the previous year. They only scoring a few points in the opening rounds. Things got worse after the tragic deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at the San Marino Grand Prix. Wendlinger was seriously injured in a crash during practice for the Monaco Grand Prix. He suffered serious head injuries and was unable to race for the of the season. Wendlinger was replaced by Andrea de Cesaris. After Lehto had been released by Benetton, he drove for Sauber the last two races of the season.

Sauber finished the season with twelve points and eighth out of the fourteen original teams entered. Mercedes were unhappy with the progress of Sauber and left the team at the end of the year.

For , Sauber start the beginning of a ten-year sponsorship deal with energy drink giant Red Bull. Dietrich Mateschitz had purchased a majority share in the team. Fritz Kaiser joined the team as the commercial director. The Sauber C14 used a factory supply of Ford-Cosworth. The 1995 season saw the return of Karl Wendlinger and Heinz Harald Frentzen as the drivers. Wendlinger's accident in 1994 seemed to have reduced his driving potential and he was replaced rookie Jean-Christophe Boullion.

The team finished on a record 18 points despite the under-performing Ford engine. They also climbed back up to seventh in the constructor's championship.

In 1995, Petronas become Sauber's presenting sponsor. They renewed their association in 2007, by which time the team had changed ownership.

Sauber used Ferrari designed engines from 1997 to 2005. They were built by Sauber Petronas Engineering, a company founded for purpose of building these engines. The engines were nearly identical to the ones used by Ferrari. Sauber Petronas Engineering also built the gearboxes used by Sauber. Sauber licensed nearly every part they could from Ferrari. Sauber even had several Ferrari engineers on staff. Suspicious similarities between Ferrari and Sauber chassis were pointed out, but no formal accusations were ever made. The FIA rules require each team to design their own chassis.

In Sauber brought a virtually unknown and very inexperienced Kimi Räikkönen into Formula One. There were protests by a few drivers and members of the FIA, including Max Mosley. They believed Räikkönen would pose a danger to other drivers. His good performance that year proved the Sauber decision right. Räikkönen would later go on to win the Drivers Championship with Ferrari.

In its later years, Sauber's ties with Ferrari became weaker. They sided with the other teams over planned rule changes. Then they decided to switch to Michelin tyres, while Ferrari continued to use Bridgestones. Sauber's final grand prix came in China. Sauber departed F1 with their best results; six third places and two front row starts.

Among the notable Sauber drivers were Jean Alesi, Formula One championship runner-up Felipe Massa, Johnny Herbert and World Champion Jacques Villeneuve. Two former Sauber drivers, Nick Heidfeld and Jacques Villeneuve, drove for the new BMW Sauber team in 2006. BMW ownership of Sauber started on January 1, 2006.

At the end of the 2005 season the team was bought by BMW and was renamed BMW Sauber. Peter Sauber retaining a 20% stake in the team. BMW sold its share of BMW Sauber back to Peter Sauber after the end of the 2009 season. Because of their contract with Formula One, the team still formally uses the name 'BMW Sauber' in competitions for .

For the season the team signed Nick Heidfeld from Williams to be their lead driver, and retained Jacques Villeneuve as the second driver. Polish Robert Kubica was signed as the team's third or test driver. The team continued to use Sauber's facilities, mostly for chassis construction and wind tunnel testing. BMW's headquarters in Munich was responsible for building the new P86 V8 engine.

Former Sauber title sponsor Petronas renewed their contract with the new team, as a simple team sponsor, as did Credit Suisse. BMW Sauber announced a technical partnership with Intel and the Germany company O2, saying that it will lead to technological improvements on BMW road cars. The new livery (paint scheme), unveiled in Valencia on 17 January 2006, was the traditional BMW blue and white with a hint of red.

At the Hungarian Grand Prix, Heidfeld scored the team's first podium. Kubica filled in for Villeneuve. Villeneuve could not drive due to complications following his accident at the German Grand Prix. Kubica finished seventh, but was disqualified for having too light a car. Kubica would drive for the rest of the season, bringing an to Villeneuve's F1 career.

The team's finished the season fifth place in the constructor's championship with 36 points.


For the season Kubica and Heidfeld were again the teams' drivers. Sebastian Vettel would be the third or test driver. Timo Glock was signed as the team's second test driver.

The performance of the BMW Sauber's F1.08 firmly placed them as the best team behind the two championship leading teams of Ferrari and McLaren.

The Canadian Grand Prix brought the teams best finish to date, with Nick Heidfeld finishing in 2nd place, but Robert Kubica had a huge crash that resulted in a sprained ankle and concussion.

Sebastian Vettel took his place in the United States Grand Prix and finishing in 8th place. He became the youngest driver to score a Formula One World Championship point. After the European Grand Prix, Scuderia Toro Rosso announced that Vettel would take the second driver seat from Scott Speed.
On August 21, 2007, BMW confirmed its driver line-up of Nick Heidfeld and Robert Kubica for the season. Their 2008 car, the BMW Sauber F1.08 was officially launched in Munich on January 14, 2008.

In Bahrain, Kubica scored his and the team's first ever pole position, beating Felipe Massa by just under three hundredths of a second. The team went on to finish 3rd and 4th in the race, equaling their highest round of points scored. For the first time, the team was in first place in the constructors' championship.

BMW Sauber's first race victory came in the Canadian Grand Prix. BMS Sauber scored a one-two finish with Robert Kubica's first race win and Nick Heidfeld taking second place. This was the first Formula One victory for a BMW engine since the Williams-BMW won the Brazilian Grand Prix.

After the team's breakthrough win, the team stopped improving the current car. They started work on the new car for because of the new regulations for the next season. This was reflected in the team's performance for the remainder of the 2008 season. Kubica was leading the drivers championship after the Canadian Grand Prix. The lack of development was shown with a drop in performance through the second half of the season. BMW was outpaced by Renault, Toyota and Toro Rosso

In October 2008 the team confirmed that they would stay with Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld as their drivers for the Season.

Although BMW Sauber targeted the 2009 season as the year they would challenge for the title, their start to the season was disappointing. Kubica was in 3rd place in the opening round, when he collided with Vettel while battling for 2nd place. Kubica was forced to retire from the race. Heidfeld secured the team's first podium of the year in Malaysia, but after 6 races BMW Sauber had collected only 6 points. They were in 8th place in the Constructors' Championship out of 10 teams.

Several upgrades were scheduled for Turkey, including an improved energy recovery braking system (KERS) and a new air diffuser to improve downforce and traction. While the new diffuser was installed, the KERS would not fit the new car and both drivers raced without the device. BMW had been one of the strongest supports of KERS. After the British Grand Prix, the team announced they would stop development KERS. They set their focus on improving the car's aerodynamics (how well the car moves through the air). This left Ferrari and McLaren as the only remaining users of the KERS system. In the European Grand Prix at Valencia Robert Kubica scored the team's first points since the race in Turkey.

On July 28, the company announced the team's withdrawal from Formula One at the end of 2009. BMW Chairman Dr. Norbert Reithofer described the decision as a strategic one. On 15 September 2009 BMW Sauber announced they had a buyer for the team, Qadbak Investments Limited. Qadbak turned to be a shell company (a company without any real assets or operations), and the deal fell apart.

Lotus Racing was given the 13th and final slot in the Season.

On November 27, 2009 Peter Sauber announced he would purchase the team back from BMW. He would only agree to the purchase if the team receiving a FIA entry for the season.

On December 3, 2009, the FIA confirmed that Sauber had been granted the entry position left by Toyota's departure from Formula one. The new Sauber team would be using Ferrari engines, and the team's chassis for the 2010 season would be designated Sauber C29. Peter Sauber said that he has not applied to change the name of the team, so they remain for now as "BMW Sauber F1 Team" despite using no BMW components.

Kamui Kobayashi was signed as a driver for the 2010 season on the December 17, 2009. Pedro de la Rosa was signed as Sauber's second driver on January 19, 2010. Esteban Gutiérrez has joined the team as an observer for some race weekends. He has been placed on the same training program as the race drivers de la Rosa and Kobayashi.

The team struggled in the early rounds of the season, and did not score any points from the first three races. Peter Sauber admitted at this point that his decision to rescue the team had been emotionally-driven, but insisted that it was a correct decision.

The team ran without a primary sponsor for the first four races of the 2010 season. For the Spanish and European Grand Prix, they carried the logo of the Spanish arm of the Burger King fast food franchise.

In Turkey, Kobayashi qualified in the top ten for the race, then finished 10th, collecting the team's first point in 2010.

On 14 September, Sauber announced that Nick Heidfeld had been signed to replace de la Rosa for the rest of the 2010 season. Heidfeld drove for Sauber from to , and to . Heidfeld will race starting with the Singapore Grand Prix.

For the season, Sauber kept driver Kamui Kobayashi, and added rookie driver Sergio Pérez. Kobayashi qualified in 9th place, and Pérez in 13th. Pérez received praise for making his tyres last better than any other driver. He needed only one pit stop, when all other drivers needed at least two. They both finished the race in the points. Pérez finished in 7th place, and Kobayashi in 8th. The two Sauber cars were disqualified after the race. The team had made a mistake with the rear wing, and it was not legal.

Pérez suffered a serious crash in the Monaco race. He had intentions of being in the next race, at Canada, and ran in the Friday practice. However, Pérez fell ill (sick) and was replaced by Pedro de la Rosa.


Lawrence, Kansas

Lawrence is a city in Douglas County in the state of Kansas in the United States. It is in the northeastern part of the state, near Kansas City. It is the county seat of Douglas County. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 94,934. This makes it the sixth-biggest city in Kansas. The University of Kansas and Haskell Indian Nations University are in Lawrence.

The New England Emigrant Aid Company (NEEAC) created Lawrence in 1854. It is named after Amos Adams Lawrence, who gave financial support to the city. During Bleeding Kansas, Lawrence was where the Wakarusa War (1855) and the Sack of Lawrence (1856) happened. Lawrence is also the site of the Lawrence Massacre (1863) which happened during the American Civil War (1861–1865).

Lawrence started as an important place for free-state politics. After that, Lawrence's economy grew to be in many industries. These industries include agriculture, manufacturing, and education. Lawrence is called a "college town" because the University of Kansas is an important part of the city. There are many places in town where students like to go.

Before the creation of the Kansas Territory, the area was part of the Shawnee Reservation. The Shawnee reservation was created in 1830. Most of eastern Kansas was in the reservation. In 1854, it became part of the Kansas Territory. The Oregon Trail went through the area. People on the Oregon Trail used a hill called "Hogback Ridge" to help guide them. Today, Hogback Ridge is called "Mount Oread."

In the first half of the 1800s, there were many arguments about slavery in the United States. During this time, every time a free state (a state where slavery was illegal) was added into the country, a slave state (a state where slavery was allowed) had to be added too. The Missouri Compromise continued to let this happen. As a compromise to people arguing about new states being free or slave, Senator Lewis Cass and Senator Stephen A. Douglas promoted the idea of "popular sovereignty." That meant the people in the area would decide to have slavery or not (instead of politicians in Washington deciding). Popular sovereignty was a big part of the 1854 Kansas-Nebraska Act. That law undid the Missouri Compromise in practice. The Kansas-Nebraska Act also created the Kansas Territory and the Nebraska Territory.

After the law passed, anti-slavery people were worried that the Kansas Territory would become a slave state. This is because the state next to Kansas is Missouri, which was a slave state. People believed that the first settlers in Kansas would be from Missouri. To stop Missouri from influencing Kansas, anti-slavery people from around the United States came to Kansas. These people wanted to make Kansas a free state. These people were called "free-staters." The New England Emigrant Aid Company (NEEAC) helped anti-slavery people move to Kansas. It sent two men named Charles L. Robinson and Charles H. Branscomb to explore the land. They would decide a good place to send people. They saw Hogback Ridge, and they liked it because it was close to the Oregon Trail. They told the NEEAC to send people to this place.

While Robinson and Branscomb were exploring, the NEEAC was getting people to move to Kansas. The NEEAC wanted to send a big group of people to claim the land. However, a cholera outbreak in the Missouri Valley stopped this from happening. The NEEAC was able to get a small group of only 29 men to go. They left Boston, Massachusetts on July 17, 1854. Many people in Boston were happy to see them do this, and they hoped they would do well. In late July, the group came to St. Louis and met Charles Robinson. He gave them transportation and told them what to do. They came to the Kansas Territory in late July. They ate their first meal on Hogback Ridge on August 1, 1854. After they had eaten, half of them left to claim the land around them. The other half stayed on Hogback Ridge. They began putting up their tents between Mount Oread and the Kansas River (close to where Massachusetts Street is). This was the start of the city.

Four weeks later, Robinson and Samuel C. Pomeroy led a second group of 67 people from Worcester, Massachusetts on August 31. While they were going to Kansas, other anti-slavery people joined them. When they came to Lawrence on September 911, their group had 114 people. This group had about ten women, some children, and some musicians. A third group came on October 8-9. However, many of them "became disgusted" by the settlement because it did not look good, and they went back to New England. Many felt the NEEAC tricked them. A fourth group came on October 30, a fifth group on November 20, and a sixth group on December 1.

On September 18, 1854, the people of Lawrence made a government. On September 20, they wrote a constitution which did not allow slavery. The people of Lawrence wrote this constitution even though other people near them wanted slavery. On September 30, the people of Lawrence came together to protect Thomas J. Ferril, an anti-slavery clergyman from Missouri. Pro-slavery people went to Ferril's house and threatened violence. The pro-slavery people left when they saw free-state people coming with guns. On October 1, a woman destroyed the tent of a free-state man. Pro-slavery people came to stop the settlers from building the tent again, but they built the tent again without violence.

Lawrence was first called "Wakarusa". It also had different names like "New Boston" or "Yankee Town." Some people wanted the city to be called "Lawrence" to honor a man named Amos Adams Lawrence. He was a Republican businessman who did not like slavery. People believed that if they named the city "Lawrence," he would give financial support to the city. He did. On October 1, the people voted to name the city Lawrence. On October 17, people started building houses and businesses. Pro-slavery people tried to build houses close to Lawrence, and people from Lawrence hated this. They had a very angry argument. The pro-slavery people threatened violence, but they left. No violence happened.

In early October 1854, Andrew Horatio Reeder, the first governor of the Kansas Territory, came to Lawrence. He had a party. He asked everyone to get along. He did not say anything about slavery. The first winter in Lawrence was difficult because it was very cold, and people did not have good houses. Two miles south of Lawrence on November 3, 1854, the first elections were held. At the elections, a man named Henry Davis attacked a pro-slavery man named Lucius Kibbee using a Bowie knife. Kibbee then shot Davis and killed him. This was the first murder in Kansas.
Two newspapers were started in 1854. They were the "Kansas Pioneer" and the "Herald of Freedom". The writers of the newspapers wrote about their belief that slavery was wrong. The Plymouth Congregational Church was built in September 1854; it was the first church in Kansas. In January 1855, Lawrence's first post office was built. The first postmaster was E. D. Ladd. On January 10, 1855, Lawrence's first free school was built. The teacher was Edward Fitch.

At the start of 1855, the free-staters and the pro-slavery people around Lawrence started fighting for political power. At the Kansas elections on March 30, 1855, about 700-1,000 pro-slavery people from Missouri voted at the election. They came in more than 100 wagons. They had guns, rifles, pistols, and Bowie knives. They also brought two pieces of artillery. No one argued with them because there were a lot of them. They went back to Missouri the next day. Before the election, the government did a census which showed that 8,601 people lived in Kansas. Of those 2,905 were voters; Lawrence had 369 voters. There were a total of 2,905 voters in the territory, but there were 6,307 votes counted. 1,034 votes were cast in Lawrence, but 802 were from people who did not live in Kansas. Only 232 of the votes were real. At the election, a man named Silas Bond was shot at, and he ran away. He was shot at because he was "an obnoxious free-state man."

On August 27, 1855, the pro-slavery people were happy when the Governor Daniel Woodson chose a pro-slavery man, Samuel J. Jones, to be the county sheriff. In October 1855, the anti-slavery man John Brown came to Kansas. He brought many guns to give to other anti-slavery people.

In June 1855, the people of Lawrence had a meeting and decided to resist any laws the Kansas legislature passed. They believed the legislature was elected by armed Missouri people, not Kansas people. Amos Lawrence and others sent crates full of rifles. They wrote on the crates that the things inside were books because "the border ruffians had no use for books," so they did not take the rifles when they came to Lawrence. Horace Greeley helped send a howitzer to Lawrence.

On November 21, 1855, the pro-slavery man Franklin N. Coleman shot anti-slavery man Charles Dow in the head. This killed him. This happened after many angry arguments between them about land claims. When Sheriff Samuel Jones investigated the crime, Franklin Coleman said he shot Charles Dow in self-defense. Jones believed Coleman because they both were pro-slavery men. Jones decided to arrest Jacob Branson, a friend of Charles Dow and an anti-slavery man, for disturbing the peace. A group of anti-slavery people saved Branson.

Wilson Shannon, the governor of the Kansas Territory, saw that the people were becoming very angry and violent. He asked the Kansas militia to come and keep the peace. Shannon wanted the people in the militia to be from Kansas, but Samuel Jones brought 1,200-1,500 men from Missouri. When the people of Lawrence learned this, they made a militia of 600-800 men. They chose Robinson to lead the militia. James H. Lane was chosen as his second-in-command. John Brown and his four sons also joined to fight. Both groups were ready to fight, but they could not because the winter was very cold. Wilson Shannon decided to prevent a fight. He demanded that the leaders of both sides agree to a peace treaty. They did, and the men from Missouri went back to Missouri. This "war" is known as the Wakarusa War.

In spring 1856, pro-slavery people wanted to make the free-staters weak. The pro-slavery people said that the "Herald of Freedom" newspaper, the "Kansas Free State" newspaper, and the Eldridge Hotel were very bad. On April 23, 1856, Samuel Jones came to Lawrence. He tried to arrest some anti-slavery people who had created their own anti-slavery government. A sniper shot Samuel Jones, but he did not die. The people of Lawrence made Jones leave. On May 11, Federal Marshall (like a police officer but for the entire country) Israel B. Donaldson said that people interfered with Samuel Jones which was not legal. A Kansas grand jury agreed. They said that Lawrence built the Free State Hotel (the Eldridge Hotel) for military purposes. Donaldson, Jones, and others recruited an army of 800 men to enforce the law. However, they also wanted to stop the anti-slavery men in Lawrence.

On May 21, Donaldson and Jones took their army to Lawrence. They arrested more anti-slavery people. The people of Lawrence hoped that Donaldson and Jones would leave after the arrests, but this did not happen. Jones and his men started sacking Lawrence. They took over Charles Robinson's house and used it as a headquarters. They attacked free-state newspapers offices. They struck the printing presses, and they threw the sort into the Kansas River. They shot the Free State Hotel (the Eldridge Hotel) using a cannon and burned it down. They took $30,000 worth of things. After burning Charles Robinson's house, the army left. The day of destruction was called the "Sacking of Lawrence." Surprisingly, only one person died; a man died when he was hit by falling masonry. In late September 1856, another sack seemed like it was about to happen when 2,700 pro-slavery men came to Lawrence. Anti-slavery men defended the city. Governor John W. Geary saw what was happening. He asked for federal reinforcements to defend the city. No violence happened.

In 1855 and 1857, Lawrence got a charter (a document that officially creates a town) from the pro-slavery Kansas government. The people of Lawrence resisted the Kansas government because they believed they were too pro-slavery. They did not accept it because it would force Lawrence to follow pro-slavery laws. In July 1857, the people of Lawrence tried to get an "official" (only the people of Lawrence saw it as official) charter from the extralegal (having no real authority) anti-slavery government. If they could not get one, Lawrence would simply make one themselves. Governor Robert J. Walker believed this was a revolt. On July 15, 1857, he sent an army to Lawrence and declared martial law. The army stayed close to Lawrence until October 1857. They stayed until October because there were elections. They wanted to make sure that there would be no violence at the elections. Anti-slavery people won the elections. The Kansas government became controlled by anti-slavery people. In early 1858, Samuel Jones quit his job, and he left Kansas. On January 16, 1858, Lawrence became the county seat of Douglas County. In February 1858, the Kansas government approved an anti-slavery charter for Lawrence. James Blood became the first mayor of Lawrence. The anti-slavery Kansas government met in Lawrence many times. In practice, Lawrence became the capital of Kansas from 1858 until 1861.

On October 4, 1859, the people of Kansas voted to approve the Wyandotte Constitution. There were 10,421 "yes" votes and 5,530 "no" votes. The United States Congress approved the Wyandotte Constitution. Kansas became a free state on January 29, 1861. Pro-slavery people in Kansas knew they had lost. Kansas becoming a free state ended Bleeding Kansas. However, the American Civil War began around the same time.

During the war, many Jayhawkers stayed in Lawrence. These Jayhawkers went to Missouri. They stole items and burned farms there. Many people in the Confederacy believed that the stolen items were in Lawrence. On August 21, 1863, a pro-slavery man named William Quantrill rode into Lawrence with some men. They destroyed much of the town. They killed every adult man they saw. More than 150 men and boys died. There was 2,000,000 dollars worth of property destroyed. The Plymouth Congregational Church was not destroyed, but many of its people died. This attack is known as the Lawrence massacre.

After Quantrill's Raid, the people and Union soldiers rebuilt the city. It was not easy because the winter was very cold. They continued rebuilding until they finished in 1864. While they were rebuilding, the people of Lawrence were afraid of another attack. The military built some camps in Lawrence to guard the city, but no more attacks happened. After the Civil War, the camps were closed and removed.

There was a plan to build a university in Kansas in 1855, but it did not happen until Kansas became a state in 1861. The Kansas government needed to decide where to build the university. Their choices were Manhattan, Emporia, or Lawrence. On January 13, 1863, Kansas State University was built in Manhattan. However, the Kansas government decided to build another one. The only cities left where a university could be built were Emporia and Lawrence. Amos A. Lawrence gave $10,000 and more than 40 acres (160,000 m) of land for a university in Lawrence. The Kansas government liked that, so the government chose Lawrence. The University of Kansas opened in 1866.
In 1864, Lawrence got its first railroad. It connected Lawrence to Kansas City. The first train to go to Lawrence went on November 28, 1864. The first train to cross the Kansas River crossed it in Lawrence on November 1, 1867.
In the early 1870s, Lawrence needed more electricity. The city asked Orlando Darling to build a dam on the Kansas River. Darling became angry because it took a long time to build a dam, so he stopped. The Lawrence Land & Water Company finished building the dam in 1873. The dam made Lawrence special because few cities had a dam. The dam closed in 1968, but the city reopened it in 1977. They wanted to build a new city hall next to the dam. Today, the dam helps prevent flooding.

In 1863, the first windmill in Kansas was built in Lawrence. It burned during Quantrill's Raid. In 1864, people rebuilt it. It cost them $9,700. People used it until July 1895. On April 30, 1905, the windmill burned, and it was not rebuilt.

In 1884, a school for Native Americans was built in Lawrence. It was named the United States Industrial Training School. Boys learned farming, blacksmithing, and more. Girls learned cooking and homemaking. In 1887, the name changed to the Haskell Institute. It was named after Dudley Haskell, a state legislator who helped make sure the school was built in Lawrence. In 1993, it was renamed the Haskell Indian Nations University.

In 1888, Jabez B. Watkins opened the Watkins National Bank at 11th Street and Massachusetts Street. It closed in 1929. The building was given to the city to become the city hall. In 1970, Lawrence built a new city hall, so the building became a museum. It was called the Watkins Community Museum, and it opened in 1975.

In 1903, the Kansas River flooded, which did a lot of damage. The water was high. The damage in North Lawrence was very bad. Lawrence was hit by other floods in 1951, when the water was 30 feet high. It was hit again in 1993. However, the damage was not very bad because of the reservoir and a levee.

In 1903, President Theodore Roosevelt came to Lawrence. He gave a short speech, and he dedicated a fountain at 9th & New Hampshire Street. In 1910, Roosevelt came to Lawrence again after visiting Osawatomie.

In 1871, the Lawrence Street Railway Company was created. It made it easy for people to go to hotels and businesses on Massachusetts Street. They had the first streetcar in Lawrence. Horses and mules pulled the streetcar. They could be used only on Massachusetts Street. After the 1903 flood, the Kansas River Bridge had to be rebuilt. It was not safe for streetcars to go on the bridge. The Lawrence Street Railway Company closed in 1903. In 1902, C. L. Rutter tried to start a bus system. He failed. In 1907, he tried again. In 1909, a new streetcar system was built which caused Rutter's buses to close. The streetcar system stayed until 1935. In 1909, the streetcar company made a roller coaster. It was called "Casey's Coaster." Some people called it "Daisy's Dozer." It was made out of wood. It stayed until the 1920s.

In 1921, the Lawrence Memorial Hospital opened with 50 beds. By 1980, it had 200 beds. It has won many awards for good quality care and service.

In 1929, Lawrence had its 75th birthday. To celebrate, a big rock was placed. It is called "Founder's Rock" to remember the early settlers who came to Lawrence from the New England Emigrant Aid Company. On October 14, 1929, they opened the Lawrence Municipal Airport to the public.
In 1943, during World War II, the United States government brought prisoners of war to Lawrence. They were mostly German and Italian people. The government brought them because farmers needed more workers. They were forced to live in camps which were like prisons. Lawrence's camp was near 11th Street and Haskell Avenue. The camp closed in 1945.

In 1983, a famous movie, "The Day After", was filmed in Lawrence. The movie is about a fictional nuclear war between the United States and the Soviet Union.

In 1989, the Lawrence Free State Brewing Company opened on Massachusetts Street. It was the first brewery in Kansas in over 100 years. The brewery is also a restaurant.

In 2007, "U.S. News & World Report" said Lawrence was one of the best places to retire. In 2011, "Parents & Colleges" said Lawrence was one of the 10 best college towns in the United States.

Lawrence is in northeastern Kansas. It is about east of Topeka and west of Kansas City, Kansas. The tallest place in Lawrence is Mount Oread at the University of Kansas, which is tall.

Lawrence is on the southern part of the Dissected Till Plains. To the south are the Osage Plains. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Lawrence is between the Kansas River and the Wakarusa River. Many creeks flow through Lawrence. The Wakarusa River was dammed to create Clinton Lake. The University of Kansas has a small lake called Potter's Lake. The Haskell-Baker Wetlands is a big area with wetlands, plants, trails, and more. They are supported by Haskell University and Baker University. The wetlands are southeast of Lawrence.

Lawrence has 54 parks, cemeteries, and community parks. The community parks are South Park, Buford Watson Park, Broken Arrow Park, Riverfront Park, Holcomb Park, "Dad" Perry Park, Centennial Park and Prairie Park. Cemeteries include Oak Hill, Maple Grove and Memorial Park. Pioneer Cemetery is a cemetery that has some of the earliest people from Lawrence. It was created in 1854. It is at the University of Kansas.

Lawrence has a humid continental climate (Köppen "Dfa"), so it has hot and humid summers, with cold and dry winters. The highest temperature recorded was on August 11, 1934. The lowest temperature recorded was on February 12, 1899.

Every year, it gets of precipitation on average. Most of it happens during the summer.
The main street in Lawrence is called Massachusetts Street. Many early residents of Lawrence came because of the New England Emigrant Aid Company which was from Massachusetts. Streets that went north and south were named after US states in the order they became part of the country. Streets that go east and west were name after famous Revolutionary War heroes. Over time, people broke the first rule. Some states were never used, and some states were put in the wrong order. In 1913, the east and west streets became numbered streets.

Lawrence is organized into neighborhoods. Some neighborhoods are close to downtown Lawrence like Old West Lawrence, North Lawrence, East Lawrence, Oread, Hancock and Pinckney. There are a few neighborhoods west of Iowa Street like Sunset Hills, Prairie Meadows, Deerfield, and Alvamar. Some neighborhoods are on the National Register of Historic Places like Old West Lawrence, Oread, Hancock, Breezedale, and most of Rhode Island Street in East Lawrence.

North Lawrence is a neighborhood north of the Kansas River. It used to be its own place called Grant Township. It renamed itself North Lawrence in 1869. Lawrence claimed it in 1870.

Northeast of North Lawrence, there was a popular park called Bismarck Grove. In the late 1800s, the park had picnics, fairs, and temperance meetings (meetings about getting rid of alcohol). The first meeting was in 1878. The park had its last fair in 1899. In 1900, the park closed and was sold.

There are many architecture styles in Lawrence. Many early buildings were burned in Quantrill's Raid. Lawrence has Victorian, Gothic, Tudor, Romanesque, and other styles.

In 2020, there were 94,934 people, 39,688 households, and 19,602 families living in Lawrence. 75.3% of the people were White, 5.3% were African American, 2.8% were Native American, 4.8% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islander, 2.4% were from other races, and 9.3% were from two or more races. 7.7% of the people were Hispanic or Latino.

17.8% of the people were under 18 years old. 23.1% of the people were between 18 and 24 years old. 28.0% of the people were between 25 and 44 years old. 18.5% of the people were between 45 and 64 years old. 12.6% were 65 years old or older. 50.8% of the people were female, and 49.2% of the people were male.

In 2010, there were 87,643 people, 34,970 households, and 16,939 families living in Lawrence. 82.0% of the people were White, 4.7% were African American, 3.1% were Native American, 4.5% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islander, 1.5% were from other races, and 4.1% were from two or more races. 5.7% of the people were Hispanic or Latino.

There were 34,970 households. 24.4% of them had children under 18 years old. 35.6% of them had married people. 8.8% had only a woman as the main person (with no man). 4% had only a man as the main person (with no woman). 51.6% were not families. 32% were people living alone, and 6.5% were people over 65 years old living alone.

17.5% of the people were under 18 years old. 28.7% of the people were between 18 and 24 years old. 27.4% of the people were between 25 and 44 years old. 18.5% of the people were between 45 and 64 years old. 8% were 65 years old or older. 50.2% of the people were women, and 49.8% of the people were men.

The median income for a household was $41,290. The median income for a family was $65,673. Men had a median income of $42,362. Women had a median income of $34,124. The per capita income was $23,666. About 10.7% of families and 23.4% of all people in Lawrence lived below the poverty line. This included 16.2% of children under 18 years old and 7.1% of people over 65 years old.

In 2000, there were 80,098 people, 31,388 households, and 15,725 families living in Lawrence. 83.80% of the people were White, 5.09% were African American, 2.93% were Native American, 3.78% were Asian, 0.07% were Pacific Islander, 1.36% were from other races, and 2.97% were from two or more races. 3.65% of the people were Hispanic or Latino. 91% of the people spoke English as their first language, 2.9% spoke Spanish as their first language, and 1% spoke Chinese as their first language.

There were 31,388 households. Of these, 25.1% had children under 18 years old. 38% had married people. 8.7% had only a woman as the main person (with no man). and 49.9% were not families. People living alone made up 30.6% of households, and 5.6% were people over 65 years old living alone. The average household size was 2.30. The average family size was 2.93.

By age, 18.6% of the people were under 18 years old. 30.7% of the people were between 18 and 24 years old. 28.5% of the people were between 25 and 44 years old. 15.1% of the people were between 45 and 64 years old. 7.2% were 65 years old or older. By gender, 50.6% of the people were women, and 49.4% of the people were men.

The median income for a household was $34,669. The median income for a family was $51,545. Men had a median income of $33,481. Women had a median income of $27,436. The per capita income was $19,378. About 7.3% of families and 18.9% of all people in Lawrence lived below the poverty line. This included 10.6% of children under 18 years old and 7.7% of people over 65 years old. However, Lawrence has a lot of students, and students usually have lower incomes. Therefore, the number of people living in poverty is misleading.

Much of Lawrence's economy is from the University of Kansas. The biggest private employer is Maximus Inc. Other big employers are Lawrence Public Schools, Hallmark Cards, the City of Lawrence, and Lawrence Memorial Hospital.

In the 1980s, Lawrence's economy grew. This is because the city created the East Hills Business Park in 1986. This is an industrial park. Some businesses moved to this place. Many of these businesses were from Kansas City, such as PROSOCO.

South Park is a big park in Downtown Lawrence. The park was made of four different parks, but they became just one big park. South Park was created in 1854. A gazebo was built in 1910. Bands play music at the park in the summer.

The Watkins Museum of History is one block north of South Park. It has exhibits about Lawrence and Douglas County. Next to the museum is a Japanese garden made by sister city Hiratsuka, Japan. The University of Kansas has the Natural History Museum in Dyche Hall, the Spencer Museum of Art and the Dole Institute of Politics among others.

Centennial Park was made in 1954 for Lawrence's 100th birthday. The park has many hills, a skatepark, a disc golf area, and a Polaris missile from the Cold War.

The Bowersock Opera House burned in 1911, so people built a new one. It is called "Liberty Hall." Liberty Hall is a small theater which often shows independent movies, and sometimes live acts. Liberty Hall also has a video rental store. The Granada Theater was built in 1928 as a vaudeville theater. In 1934, it became a movie theater. It closed in 1989, but it was reopened in 1993. Today, it shows comedy acts and concerts.
The Eldridge Hotel is a historic hotel. It is one of the oldest buildings in Lawrence. It was built in 1854, but it was burned in 1855. It was rebuilt, but it was burned in Quantrill's Raid. It was built again. In 1925, the hotel was renovated. In 1970, the hotel became apartments. In 1985, people worked to make it a hotel again. In 2004, the building was sold. It was changed to make it look like it was from 1925 again. It is a popular rumor that the ghost of Eldridge haunts the hotel. The Eldridge Hotel is on the National Register of Historic Places.

The University of Kansas (KU) has the Memorial Stadium and the Allen Fieldhouse. They built Memorial Stadium in 1920 for American football games. It is named to remember KU students who died in World War I. They built Allen Fieldhouse in 1955 for basketball games. On November 4, 2010, ESPN's magazine said that Allen Fieldhouse was the loudest basketball stadium in the United States. Mark Whicker, a famous sports writer, said Allen Fieldhouse "...is the best place in America to watch college basketball."

Oak Hill Cemetery is a cemetery in Lawrence for famous people from Lawrence. It was built in 1866. Memorial Park Cemetery is across the street. It has a memorial for James Naismith, the creator of basketball.

Lawrence has many historic houses, and some of them are on the National Register of Historic Places. The Robert Miller House did not burn in Quantrill's Raid, and it was part of the Underground Railroad. Ferdinand Fuller was one of the first people to move to Lawrence. He built his house in the Hillcrest Neighborhood. The John Roberts House is used for many formal events. John G. Haskell, a famous architect (someone who designs buildings), designed the John Roberts House.

Lawrence is known for a thriving music and art culture. "Rolling Stone" said Lawrence is one of the best small college towns in the United States on August 11, 2005. In 2005, "The New York Times" said Lawrence had one of the best music cultures in any city between Chicago and Denver. "Esquire" magazine said The Replay Lounge, a bar and music venue in Lawrence, was one of the best in the United States in 2007.
The University of Kansas has the Lied Center of Kansas. It is a building that shows many Broadway musicals. They have had famous bands perform, including The Beach Boys and Kansas.

In December 2005, the city said it would have "International Dadaism Month" in 2006. This was about the early 20th century art movement. In the spirit of Dada, Mayor Dennis “Boog” Highberger did not choose a calendar month for it. Instead, he chose the dates for the "Month" as February 4, March 28, April 1, July 15, August 2, August 7, August 16, August 26, September 18, September 22, October 1, October 17, and October 26. He chose these dates by rolling dice and pulling numbers out of a hat.

The Wakarusa Music and Camping Festival was an annual four-day music festival which began in 2004. It was held at Clinton Lake. Thousands of people went to the festival every year. They had many different kinds of bands play, including The Flaming Lips, STS9, Wilco, Matisyahu, and North Mississippi Allstars. Because of an agreement with the state government, the event was smaller than other festivals. As well as listening to music, people could also play disc golf, do yoga, go hiking, and go swimming. The festival moved to Mulberry Mountain, Arkansas. This happened because of a disagreement between the organizers and the Kansas Department of Wildlife and Parks about the limits on the number of people and the rent.

Every year since 1959, on the third Thursday in July, Lawrence has had the "Massachusetts Street sidewalk sale." It is a big sale on Massachusetts Street. Many stores take part. Often, radio stations and live music are played during this event.

The University of Kansas sports teams are in Lawrence. They are called the Jayhawks. The most famous team is the men's basketball team. Many people watch the men's basketball team. Many fans came together on Massachusetts Street in 2002, 2003, 2008, and 2012. This was when the Jayhawks won or lost the last games in the NCAA tournament. The Jayhawks won the 1952, 1988, and 2008 NCAA tournaments. KU's football team had their best year in 2007–2008. They won 12 games, and they lost only one game. That year, they won the Orange Bowl. The city honored the mascot in 2003 when the Lawrence Convention and Visitors Bureau created 30 statues of the Jayhawk. They placed them around town. They called this event "Jayhawks on Parade." The Jayhawks also have a soccer team, a baseball team, a softball team, track and field teams, a cross country team, and a men's club hockey team. KU also has a club rugby team. The KU Rugby Football Club runs it. They often meet at North Johnny's Tavern. They also run high school rugby teams.

A city commission and city manager run Lawrence. Five people who are elected make up the commission. Every year, three people can be elected. The two people who get the most votes are elected for four years. The person who gets 3rd place is elected for two years. Every April, the commission chooses a mayor and a vice mayor, and they hire a city manager.

Even though Kansas is a Republican state, Lawrence often chooses the Democrat for president. Lawrence has been Democratic since the late 1980s. In the 2004 presidential election, Douglas County was one of two Kansas counties to choose John Kerry. In the 2008 presidential election, Douglas County was one of three Kansas counties to choose Barack Obama. In the 2016 presidential election, Douglas County chose Hillary Clinton. It was one of only two Kansas counties to choose Hillary Clinton. In the 2020 presidential election, Douglas County chose Joe Biden. Douglas County chose the Democratic candidate in the last eight presidential elections.

As of February 2024, Lawrence has four state representatives: Christina Haswood, Mike Amyx, Barbara Ballard, and Dennis "Boog" Highberger. All of them are Democrats. Lawrence has two state senators: Marci Francisco and Tom Holland. Tracey Mann represents Lawrence in the House of Representatives. Roger Marshall and Jerry Moran represent Lawrence in the Senate. All three of them are Republicans. Before 2002, Lawrence was part of the 3rd district. This changed when Lawrence was split in both the 3rd and 2nd districts. From 2012 to 2022, all of Lawrence was in the 2nd district. Since 2022, Lawrence is in the 1st district.

On May 4, 1995, Lawrence became the first city in Kansas that made discrimination against gay people illegal. On October 4, 2011, Lawrence made discrimination against transgender people illegal. Lawrence was the first city in Kansas to do this. In April 2005, there was a change to the Kansas Constitution which made same-sex marriage and civil unions for gay people illegal. Douglas County was the only county to vote against the change. Lawrence created a domestic partner registry on May 22, 2007. The registry gave unmarried couples —both same-sex and other-sex— some recognition by the city for legal reasons.

Lawrence has 14 elementary schools, four middle schools, and two high schools. The high schools are Lawrence High School and Lawrence Free State High School. The middle schools are Liberty Memorial Central Middle School, West Middle School, Billy Mills Middle School and Southwest Middle School. The elementary schools are Langston Hughes Elementary, Quail Run Elementary, Broken Arrow Elementary, Cordley Elementary, Hillcrest Elementary, Kennedy, Pinckney Elementary, Prairie Park Elementary, New York Elementary, Schwegler Elementary, Sunflower Elementary, Sunset Hill Elementary, Woodlawn Elementary, and Deerfield Elementary.

The University of Kansas is in Lawrence. It is the biggest university in Kansas and has over 30,000 students. It has more than 170 fields of study. It is a part of the Big 12 Conference, a famous college sports organization. The Haskell Indian Nations University is also in Lawrence. It has more than 1,000 students. It gives free tuition to all Native American students. It also has the American Indian Athletic Hall of Fame, and the Haskell Cultural Center.

In 2010, MSN, MSNBC, and the American Institute for Economic Research said Lawrence was one of the best college towns in the United States. In 2011, "Parents & Colleges" said Lawrence was one of the 10 best college towns in the United States.

The first library in Lawrence was built in 1854. It was burned in Quantrill's Raid. A new library was built in 1865. In 1902, Andrew Carnegie gave a lot of money to build a new library. Built it in 1904, and it was called the "Lawrence Public Library." A new library was built in 1972. In July 2014, the design changed.

In 2016, the library won an award for the building's beauty.

One of the first businesses started in Lawrence was a newspaper called the "Herald of Freedom". It started in October 1854 and ended in 1859. In August 1885, the newspaper the Lawrence "Daily Journal" started and in June 1895, the "Daily World" started. In 1911, they joined together, and became the "Lawrence Journal-World". There is also a student newspaper published by the University of Kansas. It is called the "University Daily Kansan". "Change of Heart" is a street newspaper sold by homeless people in Lawrence.

Lawrence mostly gets television shows from Kansas City, but people can get them from Topeka, too.

From 1947 to 1981, the Centron Corporation was in Lawrence. The Centron Corporation was a big movie company which made many big industrial and educational movies. Two students from the University of Kansas started the company. Some residents of Lawrence were able to get into the movie industry through Centron. One resident, Herk Harvey, worked at Centron for over 30 years as a director. He created a full-length theatrical movie, "Carnival of Souls", a horror cult movie shot mostly in Lawrence, and released in 1962.

Lawrence has the "Lawrence Journal-World", a local newspaper that publishes every day. Many people also get the University of Kansas student newspaper, "The University Daily Kansan".

These radio stations are in Lawrence, Kansas:

AM
FM
These television stations are in Lawrence, Kansas:

Interstate 70, U.S. Route 40, U.S. Route 59, and U.S. Route 24 go through Lawrence. Interstate 70 goes east-west in the northern part of Lawrence and connects with U.S. Route 59. Route 59 goes north-south along North 2nd Street, Iowa Street, and 6th Street. U.S. Route 40 is about two miles south of Interstate 70. It also goes east-west through northern Lawrence along 6th Street. K-10 is a state highway that goes east-west. It enters Lawrence on 23rd Street, then it goes south. It goes to west Lawrence, and it stops northwest of Lawrence.

Two bus systems are in Lawrence. One is called the Lawrence Transit, and the city runs it. The other is called KU on Wheels, and the University of Kansas runs it. There are 18 bus routes. KU students and teachers can use them for free. Greyhound Lines has a bus stop in Lawrence. It can take people to other cities. Also, the Johnson County, Kansas bus system can take students to and from the colleges in Lawrence and Overland Park. This bus is known as the "K-10 Connector."

The Lawrence Municipal Airport is northeast of Lawrence. It is very close to U.S. Route 40. It is used for people who have airplanes. No airplane companies have planes there. Kansas City International Airport is the closest airport that airplane companies use. It is about 50 miles northeast of downtown Lawrence.

Two Class I railroads go through Lawrence. One railroad is owned by Union Pacific Railroad. The other is owned by BNSF Railway. The BNSF Railroad track starts in the eastern part of Lawrence, and it goes west. It follows the path of the Kansas River. The Union Pacific track also starts in eastern Lawrence and goes west. It also follows the path of the Kansas River. It is north of the Kansas River. The BNSF railroad track is south of the Kansas River. There is an Amtrak station in Lawrence, very close to downtown. Lawrence is a stop on Amtrak's ""Southwest Chief"" route from Chicago to Los Angeles.

Lawrence has one hospital, the Lawrence Memorial Hospital. It has won awards for good care and quality.

The biggest electric company in Lawrence is Westar Electric. The biggest gas company is Black Hills Energy. Lawrence has television providers including Midco and DirecTV. Lawrence has Internet service providers including Midco, Wicked Broadband, CenturyLink, HughesNet, Allconnect, ViaSat Satellite, Exede, and Wild Blue Internet. Lawrence has telephone providers including Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, and Midco.

Lawrence has three sister cities through Sister Cities International:

Langston Hughes was a poet who grew up in Lawrence while his grandmother took care of him. Alan Mulally, former CEO of Ford, grew up in Lawrence. He was a member of the Plymouth Congregational Church. George Docking, former Governor of Kansas, went to school in Lawrence and to the University of Kansas. Danny Manning, NBA player and college basketball coach, went to school in Lawrence and at the University of Kansas. Federal judge Sri Srinivasan also went to school in Lawrence.

Some very famous people came to Lawrence to study at the University of Kansas. Wilt Chamberlain played for the Jayhawks basketball team before he joined the Harlem Globetrotters. James Naismith, the inventor of basketball, was the Jayhawks's first basketball coach. Bob Dole, former U.S. Senate Majority Leader and 1996 Republican Presidential nominee, studied at the University of Kansas. The Dole Institute is in Lawrence because of him. Many different governors studied there including Jane Dee Hull, the first female Governor of Arizona, Kathleen Sebelius, Sam Brownback, and Alf Landon. Other famous students include Juan Manuel Santos, former President of Colombia and 2016 Nobel Peace Prize winner; Brian McClendon, the creator of Google Earth; Clyde Tombaugh, the man who discovered Pluto; Ronald Evans, a NASA astronaut who went to the Moon; and Vernon L. Smith, the winner of the 2002 Nobel Prize in Economics.

Lawrence was the setting for many books by science fiction writer James Gunn, including "The Immortals" (1964). The book was used for the ABC television movie and TV series "The Immortal" (1969–1971).

The 1983 television movie "The Day After" was set in Lawrence. Parts of the movie were filmed in the city.

Sam and Dean Winchester, the main characters of the "Supernatural" TV series, are from Lawrence. Lawrence was referenced many times in the show. Lawrence was destroyed in the 2006 TV Series "Jericho".

Josh Ritter, an American folk singer, has a song called "Lawrence KS" on the 2002 album "Golden Age of Radio." Cross Canadian Ragweed's 2007 album "Mission California" has a song entitled "Lawrence." A homeless family the band saw while visiting the town around Christmas inspired the song.

Lawrence is the normal starting place for the map program Google Earth (2005). Brian McClendon chose the place. McClendon graduated from the University of Kansas in 1986, and he was the director of engineering for Google Earth.





Hilo, Hawaii

Hilo () is the second-largest CDP in the State of Hawaii and the largest settlement on the island of Hawaii with a population of 44,186 during the 2020 census.

Hilo is the county seat of Hawaii County, Hawaii, and is in the South Hilo District. The town overlooks Hilo Bay.

Hilo is near two shield volcanoes
Some of the best ground-based astronomical observatories are on Mauna Kea.

Hilo is home to the University of Hawaii at Hilo, as well as the Merrie Monarch Festival, a week-long celebration of ancient and modern hula, which takes place every year after Easter. It is also home to the Mauna Loa Macadamia Nut Corporation, one of the world's leading producers of macadamia nuts. It is served by Hilo International Airport, inside the CDP.

Although there is not much archaeological evidence, people lived in the areas along Hilo Bay, Wailuku and Wailoa Rivers before the Western world made contact. They were known as the Hilo. They dominated the high mountaintops until the middle 1800s. Hilo means high mountaintop in the original language of the native peoples who lived on the mountaintops. King Kamehameha, the first king of Hawaii, conquered all the islands and then moved the Hilo mountain settlement to the shore after the arrival of outsiders.

Originally, the name Hilo applied to the whole district of Hilo, now divided into South Hilo District and North Hilo District. When William Ellis visited in 1823, the main settlement in Hilo district was Waiākea on Hilo Bay. Missionaries came to the district in the early to middle 1800s, founding several churches, notably Haili Church, in the area of modern Hilo.

Hilo expanded as sugar plantations in the surrounding area created new jobs and drew in many workers from Asia, making the city a trading center.

A breakwater across Hilo Bay was begun in the 1900s and completed in 1929. On April 1, 1946, a 7.8 magnitude earthquake near the Aleutian Islands created a fourteen-meter high tsunami that hit Hilo 4.9 hours later, killing 160 people. In response an early warning system, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, was established in 1949 to track these killer waves and provide warning. This tsunami also meant the end of the Hawaii Consolidated Railway, and instead the Hawaii Belt Road was built north of Hilo using some of the railbed.

On May 23, 1960, another tsunami, caused by a 9.5 magnitude earthquake off the coast of Chile the previous day, claimed 61 lives allegedly due to people's failure to heed warning sirens. Low-lying bayfront areas of the city on Waiākea peninsula and along Hilo Bay, previously populated, were rededicated as parks and memorials.

Hilo is at (19.705520, -155.085918).

Hilo is classified by the United States Census Bureau as a census-designated place (CDP), and has a total area of , of which is land and of which (7.10%) is water.
Hilo features a tropical rainforest climate (Köppen climate classification: "Af"), with substantial rainfall throughout the course of the year. Hilo's location on the eastern side of the island of Hawaii (windward relative to the trade winds) makes it the fourth-wettest city in the United States, behind the southeast Alaskan cities of Whittier, Ketchikan and Yakutat, and one of the wettest in the world. An average of around of rain fell at Hilo International Airport annually between 1971–2000, with 275 days of the year receiving some rain. At some other weather stations in Hilo the annual rainfall is above .

Monthly average temperatures range from in January to in August. The highest recorded temperature was on May 20, 1996, and the lowest on February 21, 1962. The wettest year was 1994 with and the driest year was 1983 with . The most rainfall in one month was in December 1954. The most rainfall in 24 hours was on November 2, 2000.

Hilo's location on the shore of the funnel-shaped Hilo Bay also makes it vulnerable to tsunamis.

There are many educational institutions in Hilo. Some of these are the University of Hawaii at Hilo and Hawaii Community College.







Lennon–McCartney

Lennon–McCartney (sometimes McCartney–Lennon) was the songwriting partnership between the two English musicians John Lennon (1940-1980) and Paul McCartney (born 1942). It is one of the best-known and most successful musical partnerships in history. Between 1962 and 1969, they wrote about 180 credited songs. Most of the songs were recorded by the band they were both part of, The Beatles. Other songs credited to Lennon–McCartney were originally released not by the Beatles but by other artists, especially those managed by Brian Epstein. Recording a Lennon–McCartney song helped start new artists' careers. For example, one of The Rolling Stones' first singles, "I Wanna Be Your Man", was a Lennon–McCartney song.

Birmingham Triennial Music Festival

The Birmingham Triennial Musical Festival was a festival of classical music that used to be held in Birmingham, England. It was started in 1784 and continued until 1912. “Triennial” means that it happened once every three years.

The first music festival was held for three days in September 1768. It helped to raise money to complete the new General Hospital on Summer Lane. Another festival was held in 1778 to get more money. The hospital opened in September 1779.

From September 1784 the festival was held every three years. It continued to raise money for the hospital.

The church and theatre where the festival was held became too small, so in 1834 they built Birmingham Town Hall which had much more room.

Many famous musicians performed at the festival. In 1837 Felix Mendelssohn conducted a performance of his oratorio "St. Paul", played the organ, and played the piano part in the first performance of his Piano Concerto No. 2 which had been especially commissioned by the Festival. In the next festival he played his Piano Concerto No. 1. In 1846 (a year before he died) the festival commissioned him to write his oratorio "Elijah". It was a huge success. He was paid 200 guineas. "Elijah" was played at every festival after that.

The festival commissioned other composers to write works, these included: Arthur Sullivan, Max Bruch, Charles Gounod and Antonín Dvořák.

The great conductor Hans Richter was made principal conductor in 1885.

Edward Elgar wrote several works for the festival. In 1900 his oratorio "The Dream of Gerontius" was given its first performance. In 1903 he performed "The Apostles", and 1906 "The Kingdom". In 1912 he wrote "The Music Makers". The principal conductor for 1912 was Henry Wood.

The 1909 and 1912 festivals lost a lot of money and they could not give any money to the hospital. This was soon followed by World War I, so the festival stopped and did not continue after the war.

You Never Give Me Your Money

"You Never Give Me Your Money" is a song by The Beatles that opens the medley on side two of the album "Abbey Road". It was written by Paul McCartney and is credited to Lennon/McCartney.

The Beatles recorded 26 takes of "You Never Give Me Your Money" on May 6, 1969, with McCartney on piano and vocals, Lennon and Harrison on guitar and Starr on drums. 

On July 1, McCartney overdubbed lead vocals onto take 30, and added more vocals and chimes on July 15.

"You Never Give Me Your Money" was originally to transition into "Sun King" with a long organ note. This was recorded along with more vocals on July 30. They were scrapped the following day, when McCartney completed the song by adding bass guitar and piano. The "Sun King" crossfade was completed on August 5 with a series of tape loops containing the sounds of bells, birds, bubbles and insects.


Whenever You Need Somebody (song)

"Whenever You Need Somebody" is a song originally sung by Rick Astley. The song's style is pop-dance. It was the second single released by Astley. It is the title track of Astley's first album, "Whenever You Need Somebody". It was written and produced by Stock Aitken Waterman.

It was a successful European hit, following the pattern of the artist previous smash single "Never Gonna Give You Up". It was never released as a single in the U.S.



Sun King (song)

"Sun King" is a song written by John Lennon but credited to Lennon/McCartney. It was recorded by The Beatles for their "Abbey Road" album. 

The working title was "Here Comes the Sun King". It was shortened to "Sun King" to avoid confusion with the song "Here Comes the Sun". The song is in three-part harmony, sung by Lennon, Paul McCartney, and Harrison. At the end of the song, the music stops abruptly and a Ringo Starr drum fill leads into the next track, "Mean Mr. Mustard".

The mixing of Romance languages occurs in the last three lines of the song. In 1969, Lennon was interviewed about these lyrics and said, "We just started joking, you know, singing 'cuando para mucho.' So we just made up... Paul knew a few Spanish words from school, you know. So we just strung any Spanish words that sounded vaguely like something. And of course we got 'chicka ferdy' in. That's a Liverpool expression. Just like sort of-- it doesn't mean anything to me but (childish taunting) 'na-na, na-na-na!'"

In 1976, The Bee Gees covered the song for the musical documentary "All This and World War II".


Alan Gray

Alan Gray (born in York, 23 December 1855; died in Cambridge, 27 September 1935) was a British organist and composer.

Gray was born in York. He went to St Peter's School in York, and Trinity College, Cambridge. From 1883 to 1893, he was Director of Music at Wellington College, Berkshire. In 1893, when Stanford left the post of organist at Trinity College, Alan went back there to become organist, and stayed there until 1930.

From 1922-1923 he was president of the Royal College of Organists.

Gray wrote several cantatas as well as chamber music and organ music, but he is mainly remembered for his church music, including an Evening Service in F minor (Magnificat and Nunc dimittis). He also composed several descants to various hymn tunes, several of them are still sung today. He did a lot of work as editor of the Purcell Society.

Alan Gray was a very tall man: 2 metres (nearly 6 ft 7in).


Mean Mr. Mustard

"Mean Mr. Mustard" is a song written by John Lennon (credited to Lennon/McCartney) and performed by The Beatles on their album, "Abbey Road". The "Abbey Road" version was recorded with "Sun King" in one continuous piece.

The song was written in India. Lennon said that the song was inspired by a newspaper story about a miser who hid his cash wherever he could so he can stop people from making him spend it. On reflection, he didn't think highly of the composition, describing it in "Anthology" as "a bit of crap I wrote in India."

A demo version of the song was recorded in May 1968 at Kinfauns, George Harrison's home in Esher, and appears on Anthology 3. In that version, Mustard's sister is named Shirley. Lennon changed it to Pam when he saw the ochance to ease the segue into the song "Polythene Pam", which is after "Mean Mr. Mustard" on the album. According to Lennon, "In 'Mean Mr. Mustard', I said 'his sister Pam'—originally it was 'his sister Shirley' in the lyric. I changed it to Pam to make it sound like it had something to do with it." Additionally, the original version of the song was a quieter acoustic rendition and was over 4 minutes in length.

The version in the "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" movie was performed by Mean Mr. Mustard (played by Frankie Howerd) and his evil robot companions named the Computerettes. As with the performance of "She's Leaving Home" also in the movie, the computerized singing of the Computerettes was performed by the Bee Gees.



Magnificat

The Magnificat is the song that the Virgin Mary sang after Elizabeth told her that she is going to give birth to God's son. This is the story told in the Bible in the book of Luke Chapter 1, verses 46-55. It is also known as the Song of Mary. "Magnificat" is a Latin word meaning "magnifies" (saying how great [God] is).

The words of the Magnificat have been set to music by many composers. These musical settings were mostly written for church services. In the Anglican Church it is always sung as part of the traditional evening service (Evensong).

Like all other New Testament texts the "Magnificat" was originally written in Koine Greek, but in the Western Church it is most often to be found in Latin or the language of the country.

The Latin text from the Vulgate is as follows:
The English words of the Magnificat in the traditional translation found in the "Book of Common Prayer":

The Magnificat (The soul rejoices in the Lord) found in the Roman Breviary


Nunc dimittis

The Nunc dimittis is a hymn from the Bible. It was sung by Simeon when he saw the baby Jesus. 

The story told in the book of Luke was that Simeon, who was a Jew, had been promised by the Holy Ghost that he would not die until he had seen Jesus. When Mary and Joseph brought the baby Jesus to the Temple in Jerusalem for the ceremony of consecration of the firstborn son, Simeon was there, and he took Jesus into his arms and said the words which are now known as the Nunc dimittis. He was saying to God that he could now die happily because he had seen the Saviour.

The words of the Nunc dimittis have been set to music by many composers. In the Anglican Church they are traditionally sung at Evensong.

The English words as found in the "Book of Common Prayer", 1662:


Zangalewa

"Zangaléwa" or "Tsaminamina" is a 1986 hit song, originally sung by a makossa group from Cameroon called Golden Sounds who were popular throughout Africa for their silly dances and costumes. The song was such a hit for Golden Sounds that they eventually changed their name to Zangaléwa, too. The song pays tribute to African skirmishers (a.k.a tirailleurs) during WW2. Most of the band members were in the Cameroonian Army themselves and used make up, fake belly and fake butt for comic relief.

The song is still used today almost everywhere in Africa by soldiers, policemen, boy scouts, sportsmen and their supporters, usually during training or for rallying. It is also widely used in schools throughout the continent especially in Cameroon as a marching song and the lyrics are well-known among Cameroonians. The song was also popular in Colombia where it was known as “The Military” and brought to the country by West African DJs.

The men in the group often dressed in military uniforms, wearing pith helmets and stuffing their clothes with pillows to appear like they had a swollen buttocks from riding the train and overweight stomachs from eating too much. Music historians say the song, or at least part of it, is a criticism of Black military officers who were in league with Whites to oppress their own people. The rest is Cameroonian slang and jargon from the soldiers during the war.

Meaning of the words in Fang language:


Polythene Pam

"Polythene Pam" is a song written by John Lennon, credited to Lennon/McCartney, and performed by The Beatles on their album "Abbey Road".

The name 'Polythene Pam' came from the nickname of an early Beatles' fan from the Cavern Club days, named Pat Hodgett (now Dawson), who would often eat polythene. She became known as 'Polythene Pat'. She said in an interview, "I used to eat polythene all the time. I'd tie it in knots and then eat it. Sometimes I even used to burn it and then eat it when it got cold."


She Came in Through the Bathroom Window

"She Came in Through the Bathroom Window" is a song written by Paul McCartney (although credited to Lennon/McCartney) and performed by The Beatles on their album "Abbey Road" as part of the "Abbey Road" medley.

McCartney said the song was inspired by Apple scruffs (dedicated fans who would stay outside the Abbey Road studio and the homes of the Beatles), who broke into McCartney's St John's Wood home. Diane Ashley, one of the group, says: "We were bored, he was out and so we decided to pay him a visit. We found a ladder in his garden and stuck it up at the bathroom window which he'd left slightly open. I was the one who climbed up and got in." She then opened the front door to let the others in, and they stole a number of photographs. Another Apple scruff, Margo Bird, remembers being good friends with McCartney - she would often take his dog for walks - and later got a job at Apple Corps. She says that she was asked to get back a certain photograph, which she did.

In the 2006 DVD documentary "The Classic Artists Series: The Moody Blues" (DVD UK, released October 2006), Mike Pinder, the former keyboard player of Birmingham R&B band The Moody Blues, states that the inspiration for the song actually rests with an incident that happened to them—a groupie climbing into an open bathroom window in the band's home and spending the night with band member Ray Thomas. The next day, Pinder and Thomas told the story to McCartney, who—guitar in hand—strummed and sang "She came in through the bathroom window...".

The Beatles recorded the rhythm track for this and Polythene Pam as one piece on 25 July 1969. It took them 39 attempts, after which they added lead vocals and re-recorded the drums and bass guitar parts.

On July 28, they added more vocals, guitar, percussion and piano. The song was completed two days later with additional guitar and percussion.

This song was performed directly after "Polythene Pam", the song on the preceding track, without pause.

At the very beginning of the song, in anticipation to the change of meter, John Lennon says "we'll listen to that now... heh-heh" and then shouts "Oh, look out!" A slower, ethereal version of this song, recorded during the "Let It Be" sessions, appears on "Anthology 3".




The End (Beatles song)

"The End" is a song by The Beatles written by Paul McCartney (credited to Lennon/McCartney) for the album "Abbey Road". It was the last song recorded by all four of the Beatles, and is the final song of the medley that dominates side two of the LP version of the album. 

McCartney said, "I wanted [the medley] to end with a little meaningful couplet, so I followed the Bard [ Shakespeare ] and wrote a couplet." In his 1980 interview with "Playboy", John Lennon said, "That's Paul again ... He had a line in it, 'And in the end, the love you get is equal to the love you give,' which is a very cosmic, philosophical line. Which again proves that if he wants to, he can think." Lennon misquoted the line slightly; the actual words are, "And, in the end, the love you take/ Is equal to the love you make."

Recording began on July 23, 1969, when the Beatles recorded a one-minute, 20-second master recording that was extended via overdubs to two minutes and five seconds. At this point, the song was called "Ending." The first vocals for the song were added on August 5, more vocals and guitar overdubs were added on August 7, and bass and drums on August 8, the day the "Abbey Road" cover picture was taken. Orchestral overdubs were added August 15, and the closing piano and accompanying vocal on August 18.

All four Beatles have a solo in "The End", including a Ringo Starr drum solo. Starr did not like solos. McCartney, Harrison, and Lennon perform a rotating sequence of three, two-bar guitar solos. The solos begin 53 seconds into the song and end just before the final piano part. Lennon described it in his 1970 interview with "Rolling Stone": "There's a nice little bit I played on "Abbey Road". Paul gave us each a piece, a little break where Paul plays, George plays and I play." The first two bars are played by McCartney, the second two by Harrison, and the third two by Lennon, then the sequence repeats. Each has a style which McCartney felt reflected their personalities: McCartney's playing included string bends similar to his lead guitar work on "Another Girl" from the "Help!" album; Harrison's was melodic with slides yet technically advanced and Lennon's was rhythmic, stinging and had the heaviest distortion. Immediately after Lennon's third solo, the piano chords of the final line "And in the end..." begin. Then the orchestration arrangement takes over with a humming chorus and Harrison playing a final guitar solo that ends the song. 

Paul and John's last guitar solos and the drum solo were used in the intro to "Get Back" in the Beatles' Love.

"The End" was at first intended to be the final track on "Abbey Road", but it is followed by "Her Majesty". In the first practice mix, "Her Majesty" followed "Mean Mr. Mustard" (on the released version of the album, "Her Majesty" begins with the excised final chord of "Mean Mr. Mustard"). According to sound engineer John Kurlander, McCartney said, "I don't like 'Her Majesty,' throw it away." Kurlander cut it out, but said, "I'd been told never to throw anything away, so after he left I picked it up off the floor, put about 20 seconds of red leader tape before it, and stuck it onto the end of the edit tape." When McCartney heard "Her Majesty" in its new position he liked it and decided that it should remain on the album.

Richie Unterberger of Allmusic said that "The End" was to be "the group's take on the improvised jamming common to heavy rock of the late '60s, though as usual the Beatles did it with far more economic precision than anyone else." John Mendelsohn of "Rolling Stone" said it was "a perfect epitaph for our visit to the world of Beatle daydreams: "The love you take is equal to the love you make.".





History of ancient Israel and Judah

Israel and Judah were Iron Age kingdoms of the old Near East. The area of time covered in this page is from the first mention of the name Israel in the archaeological record (1200 BCE) to the end of a independent Judean kingdom near the time of Jesus Christ.

The two kingdoms arose on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean, the most western part of the Fertile Crescent, between the old empires of Egypt to the south, Assyria, Babylonia, later Persia to the north and east, Greece and later Rome across the sea to the west. The area is small, maybe only 100 miles north to south and 40 or 50 miles east to west.

Israel and Judah were from the Canaanite culture of the late Bronze Age, and were based on villages that formed and grew in the southern Levant highlands (today for the region between the coastal plain and the Jordan Valley) between c. 1200-1000 BCE. Israel became an important local power in the 9th and 8th centuries BCE before falling to the Assyrians. The southern kingdom, Judah, became rich inside the greater empires of the region before a revolt against Babylon led to it being destroyed early in the 6th century.

Judean exiles returned from Babylon early in the following Persian period, starting a Judahite presence in the province of Yehud, as Judah was now called. Yehud was absorbed into the subsequent Greek-ruled kingdoms which followed the conquests of Alexander the Great. In the 2nd century BC, the Jews went up against Greek rule and created the Hasmonean kingdom, which became first a Roman dependency and soon went under the rule of the Roman Empire.

The eastern Mediterranean seaboard - the Levant - goes 400 miles north to south from the Taurus Mountains to the Sinai desert, and 70 to 100 miles east to west between the sea and the Arabian desert. The coastal area of the southern Levant is large in the south and becoming short to the north. The southernmost part has a zone of foothills, the Shephalah; like the plain this area narrows as it goes northwards, ending at Mount Carmel. East of the plain and the Shephalah is a mountainous ridge, the "hill country of Judah" in the south, the "hill country of Ephraim" north of that, then Galilee and the Lebanon mountains. To the east again lies the steep-sided valley occupied by the Jordan River, the Dead Sea, and the wadi of the Arabah, which continues down to the eastern arm of the Red Sea. Beyond the plateau is the Syrian Desert, separating the Levant from Mesopotamia. To the southwest is Egypt, to the northeast Mesopotamia. "The Levant thus constitutes a narrow corridor whose geographical setting made it a constant area of contention between more powerful entities".

The central and northern part of the Levantine coast was known in Classical times as Phoenicia; the southernmost portion was known to the Egyptians as Canaan, by which they seem to have meant all their Asian possessions. In the bible Canaan can mean all of the land west of the Jordan river, or, more narrowly, the coastal strip. By Classical times the name Canaan had been dropped in favour of "Philistia", "Land of the Philistines", despite the fact that the Philistines had long since disappeared. The modern name "Palestine" is derived from this. Northeast of Canaan/Palestine was Aram, later called Syria after the Assyrians, who had likewise long since vanished.

Settlement during the Late Bronze Age was concentrated in the coastal plain and along major communication routes, with the central hill-country only sparsely inhabited. Each city had its own ruler, constantly at odds with his neighbours and appealing to the Egyptians to adjudicate his differences. One of these Canaanite states was Jerusalem: letters from the Egyptian archives indicate that it followed the usual Late Bronze pattern of a small city with surrounding farmlands and villages; unlike most other Late Bronze city-states, there is no indication that it was destroyed at the end of the period.

Canaan in the 13th and early 12th centuries had people of various origins, united by a common socioeconomic system of city-states administered and controlled by Egypt. Egyptian power and the Canaanite city-state system collapsed. From the collapse two new communities emerged in the 12th century BCE, the Israelites in the hill country and the Philistines in the southern part of the coastal plain. The Philistines clearly represent the arrival of a considerable number of outsiders, probably from Cyprus, with their own culture. The Israelites are just as clearly indigenous to Canaan. To take linguistics as an indicator, Judahite and Israelite Hebrew of the early 1st millennium BCE group with Phoenician, Ammonite, Moabite and Edomite; and within that grouping a "core Canaanite" of Israelite and Phoenician can be distinguished from a "fringe Canaanite" of Judahite, Ammonite, Moabite and Edomite.

The causes of the Bronze Age collapse - which extended throughout the eastern Mediterranean - are uncertain. Drought, famine and other stresses may be behind the widespread population movements of the time. Whatever the cause, several important Canaanite cities were destroyed at the end of the Bronze Age (over a period of more than a century), and Canaanite culture was gradually absorbed into that of the Philistines, Phoenicians and Israelites.

The Merneptah stele, erected by an Egyptian pharaoh about 1200 BC, contains the first record of the name Israel: "Israel is laid waste and his seed is not." This Israel, identified as a people, were probably in the northern part of the central highlands. As chaos spread, people went to live in the previously unsettled highlands: surveys have identified more than 300 small settlements, most of them new and the largest with a population of no more than 300, in the Palestinian highlands during Iron Age I. The villages were bigger and more numerous in the northern regions (biblical Manasseh and Ephraim), although none can be described as urban. The total settled population at the beginning of the period was about 20,000, and double this number by the end. Nevertheless, while Iron Age I villages with features such as four-roomed houses, collar-rim store jars, and hewn water-cisterns are counted as Israelite when found in the highlands, it is in fact impossible to differentiate these from Canaanite sites of the same period; nor is it possible to distinguish between Hebrew and Canaanite inscriptions down to the 10th century.

In Iron Age I the highlands lack any sign of centralised authority, or of temples, shrines, or centralised worship in general (although cult-objects associated with the Canaanite god El have been found); almost the sole marker distinguishing the highland "Israelite" villages from Canaanite sites is an absence of pig bones, although whether this can be taken as an ethnic marker or is due to other factors remains a matter of dispute.

The same period saw the rise of the kingdoms of Aram Damascus and Ammon to the east of the northern hill country, Moab (east of the Dead Sea), and Edom (in the Arabah south of the Dead Sea), in that order.

An inscription of the Egyptian pharaoh Shoshenq I, probably identical with the biblical Shishak, records a series of campaigns apparently directed at the area immediately north of Jerusalem in the second half of the 10th century BCE. About a hundred years later, in the 9th century BCE, the Assyrian king Shalmaneser III names Ahab of Israel among his enemies at the battle of Qarqar (853 BCE), while in the Mesha stele (c.830 BCE) a king of Moab celebrates his success in throwing off the oppression of the "House of Omri" (i.e. Israel). Similarly, the Tel Dan stele tells of the death of a king of Israel, probably Jehoram, at the hands of an Aramaen king about 841 BCE. Excavations at Samaria, the Israelite capital, further reinforce the impression of a powerful, centralised kingdom in the northern highlands during the 9th and 8th centuries. In the second half of the 8th century king Hoshea of Israel revolted against the Assyrians, and was crushed (c.722 BCE). Part of the population was deported, outside settlers were brought in to replace them, and Israel became an Assyrian province.

The first evidence for the existence of an organised kingdom in the southern region comes from the mid 9th century Tel Dan stele, which mentions the death of a king of the "House of David" alongside the king of Israel; the contemporary Mesha stele may also mention the House of David, although the reconstruction which allows this reading is disputed. It is generally assumed that this "House of David" is identical with the biblical dynasty, but the archaeological evidence from surface surveys indicates that during the 10th and 9th centuries Jerusalem was only one of the four large villages in the area, with no sign of primacy over its neighbours. It was only in the last part of the 8th century that Jerusalem experienced a period of rapid growth, achieving a population far greater than at any time before and clear primacy over the surrounding towns. The older scholarly reconstruction of events is that this was due to an influx of refugees from Israel following its conquest by the Assyrians (c.722 BC), but the newer view is that it reflects a cooperative effort between Assyria and the kings of Jerusalem to establish Judah as a pro-Assyrian vassal state exercising control over the valuable olive industry. The sudden collapse of the Assyrian power in the last half of the 7th century led to an unsuccessful bid for independence under king Josiah, followed by the destruction of Jerusalem by Assyria's successor, the neo-Babylonian empire (587/586 BCE).

In 586 BCE, the Babylonians, under king Nebuchadnezzar II captured Jerusalem, destroyed the Temple of Solomon, ended the Davidic kingship, and carried the people into captivity. Only the poorest were left behind in Judah, now the Babylonian province of Yehud with its capital at Mizpah in the former territory of Benjamin, north of Jerusalem. A few years later, again according to the bible, the governor of Yehud was murdered by rivals, triggering another exodus of refugees, this time to Egypt. Thus by about 580 the people of Judah were to be found in three separate locations, the elite in Babylon (where, incidentally, they appear to have been well treated), a large community in Egypt, and a remnant in Judah. The Exile ended when Cyrus the Great of Persia conquered Babylon (traditionally 538 BCE). The Persians reconstituted Judah/Yehud as a province ("Yehud medinata") within the satrapy "Beyond the River", and over the following century some of the exiles returned to Jerusalem. There they eventually rebuilt the Temple (traditionally 516/515 BCE), but for over a century the administrative capital remained at Mizpah. Samaria, meanwhile, continued as the province of Semarina within the same satrapy as Yehud.

In 539 BCE the Persians conquered Babylon and in 537 BCE, inaugurated the Persian period of Jewish history. In 520 BCE Cyrus the Great allowed Jews to return to Judea and rebuild the Temple (completed 515 BCE). He appointed Zerubbabel (the grandson of the second to last Judean king, Jehoiachin) governor, but did not allow the restoration of the kingdom. The influence of Zoroastrianism on monotheism, Judaism, as well as Christianity are still the subject of academic debate.

Without a powerful king, the Temple became more powerful, and priests became the dominant authority. However, the Second Temple had been constructed under a foreign power, and there were lingering questions about its legitimacy. This provided the condition for various sects to develop within Judaism over the coming centuries, each of which claimed to represent "Judaism". Most of these typically discouraged social intercourse, especially marriage, with members of other sects.

The end of the Babylonian Exile saw not only the construction of the Second Temple, but, according to the Documentary Hypothesis, the final version of the Torah as well. Although the priests controlled the monarchy and the Temple, scribes and sages (who later became the "rabbis") monopolized the study of the Torah, which (starting from the time of Ezra) was read publicly on market-days. These sages developed and maintained an oral tradition alongside of the Holy Writ, and identified with the prophets. According to Geza Vermes, such scribes were often addressed using a basic term of respect, "lord."

The Hellenistic period began in 332 BCE when Alexander the Great conquered Persia. When he died in 323 BCE, his empire was divided among his generals. At first, Judea was ruled by the Egyptian-Hellenic Ptolemies, but in 198 BCE, the Syrian-Hellenic Seleucid Empire, under Antiochus III, seized control over Judea.

The Hellenistic Period saw the canonization of the Tanakh (Hebrew Bible), according to one theory, and the emergence of extra-Biblical sacred traditions. The earliest evidence of a Jewish mysticism tradition surrounds the book of Ezekiel, written during the Babylonian Exile. Virtually all known mystical texts, however, were written at the end of the Second Temple period. Some scholars think the traditions of the Kabbalah (Jewish mysticism), were influenced by Persian beliefs, Platonic philosophy and Gnosticism.

2 Esdras 14:45-46, which was written in the second century CE, declares: "Make public the twenty-four books that you wrote first, and let the worthy and the unworthy read them; but keep the seventy that were written last, in order to give them to the wise among your people." This is the first known reference to the canonized Hebrew Bible, and the seventy non-canonical texts may have been mystical; the Talmud suggests other mystical traditions which may have their roots in Second Temple Judaism.

The Near East was cosmopolitan, especially during the Hellenistic period. Several languages were used, and the matter of the "lingua franca" is still subject of some debate. The Jews almost certainly spoke Aramaic among themselves. Greek was often used throughout the entire eastern portion of the Mediterranean. Judaism was rapidly changing, reacting and adapting to a larger political, cultural, and intellectual world, and in turn drawing the interests of non-Jews. Historian Shaye Cohen observed:

Many Jews lived in the Diaspora, and the Judean provinces of Judea, Samaria, and the Galilee were populated by many Gentiles (who often showed an interest in Judaism). Jews had to live with the values of Hellenism and Hellenistic philosophy, which were often directly at odds with their own values and traditions. Broadly, Hellenistic culture saw itself as a civilizer, bringing civilized values and ways to peoples they thought of as insular or either backward or degenerate.

Greek-style bath houses were built in sight of the Temple in Jerusalem, for instance, and even in that city the "gymnasium" became a center of social, athletic, and intellectual life. Many Jews, including some of the more aristocratic priests, embraced these institutions, although Jews who did so were often looked down upon due to their circumcision, which Jews saw as the mark of their covenant with God, but which Hellenistic culture viewed as an aesthetic defacement of the body. Some Jews began to abandon the practice of circumcision (and thus their covenant with God), while others bridled at Greek domination.

At the same time that Jews were confronting the cultural differences at their door, they had to confront a paradox in their own tradition: their Torah laws applied only to them, and to proselytes, but their God, they believed, was the one and only God of all. This situation led to new interpretations of the Torah, some of which were influenced by Hellenic thought and in response to Gentile interest in Judaism. It was in this period that many concepts from early Greek philosophy entered or influenced Judaism, as well as debates and sects within the religion and culture of the time.

When Alexander the Great died in 323 BCE his empire crumbled, and the province of Yehud became part of the kingdom of Egypt, ruled by the Ptolemaic dynasty. Ptolemaic rule was mild: Alexandria became the largest Jewish city in the world, and Ptolemy II Philadelphus of Egypt (281-246 BCE) promoted Jewish culture, sponsoring the Septuagint translation of the Torah. This period also saw the beginning of the Pharisees and other Jewish Second Temple parties such as the Sadducees and Essenes. But in the early 2nd century BCE Yehud fell to the Seleucid Syrian ruler Antiochus IV Epiphanes (174-163 BCE), who, in contrast to the tolerance shown by the Ptolemids, attempted complete Hellenization of the Jews. His desecration of the Temple sparked a national rebellion, which ended in the expulsion of the Syrians and the re-consecration of the Temple under the Maccabees

The kingdom established by the Maccabees was a conscious attempt to revive the Judah described in the bible: a Jewish monarchy ruled from Jerusalem and stretching over all the territories once ruled by David and Solomon. In order to carry out this project the Hasmonean kings conquered (and forcibly converted to Judaism) the one-time Moabites, Edomites and Ammonites, as well as the lost kingdom of Israel.

Generally, the Jews accepted foreign rule when they were only required to pay tribute, and otherwise allowed to govern themselves internally. Nevertheless, Jews were divided between those favoring hellenization and those opposing it, and were divided over allegiance to the Ptolemies or Seleucids. When the High Priest Simon II died in 175 BCE, conflict broke out between supporters of his son Onias III (who opposed hellenization, and favored the Ptolemies) and his son Jason (who favored hellenization, and favored the Seleucids). A period of political intrigue followed, with priests such as Menelaus bribing the king to win the High Priesthood, and accusations of murder of competing contenders for the title. The result was a brief civil war.

Huge numbers of Jews flocked to Jason's side, and in 167 BCE the Seleucid king Antiochus IV invaded Judea, entered the Temple, and stripped it of money and ceremonial objects. Jason fled to Egypt, and Antiochus imposed a program of forced hellenization, requiring Jews to abandon their own laws and customs under threat of slaughter. At this point Mattathias and his five sons, John, Eleazar, Simon, Jonathan, and Judah Maccabee, priests of the Hasmon family living in the rural village of Modein (pronounced "Mo-Ah-Dein"), assumed leadership of a bloody and ultimately successful revolt against the Seleucids.

Judah liberated Jerusalem in 165 BCE and restored the Temple. Fighting continued, and Judah and his brother Jonathan were killed. In 141 BCE an assembly of priests and others affirmed Simon as high priest and leader, in effect establishing the Hasmonean dynasty. When Simon was killed in 135 BCE, his son (and Judah's nephew) John Hyrcanus took his place as high priest and king.

After defeating the Seleucid forces, John Hyrcanus established a new monarchy in the form of the priestly Hasmonean dynasty in 152 BCE — thus making priests political as well as religious authorities. Although the Hasmoneans were popularly seen as heroes and leaders for resisting the Seleucids, some regarded their reign as lacking the religious legitimacy conferred by descent from the Davidic dynasty of the First Temple Era.

The rift between the priests and the sages grew during the Hellenistic period, when the Jews faced new political and cultural struggles. Around this time the Sadducee party emerged as the party of the priests and allied elites (the name "Sadducee" comes from Zadok, the high priest of the first Temple).

The Essenes were another early mystical-religious movement, who are believed to have rejected either the Seleucid appointed high priests, or the Hasmonean high priests, as wrong. But they soon rejected the Second Temple, arguing that the Essene community was itself the new Temple, and that obedience to the law represented a new form of sacrifice.

Although their lack of concern for the Second Temple alienated the Essenes from the great mass of Jews, their notion that the sacred could exist outside of the Temple was shared by another group, the Pharisees ("separatists"), based within the community of scribes and sages. The meaning of the name is unclear, though.

During the Hasmonean period, the Sadducees and Pharisees functioned primarily as political parties (the Essenes not being as politically oriented). The political differences between the Sadducees and Pharisees became evident when Pharisees demanded that the Hasmonean king Alexander Jannai choose between being king and being High Priest in the traditional manner. This demand led to a brief civil war that ended with a bloody repression of the Pharisees, although at his deathbed the king called for a reconciliation between the two parties. Alexander was succeeded by his widow, whose brother was a leading Pharisee. Upon her death her elder son, Hyrcanus II, sought Pharisee support, and her younger son, Aristobulus, sought the support of the Sadducees.

In 64 BCE the Roman general Pompey took over Jerusalem and made the Jewish kingdom a client of Rome. In 57-55 BCE Aulus Gabinius, proconsul of Syria, split it into Galilee, Samaria & Judea, with 5 district Sanhedrin/Synedrion (councils of law). In 40-39 BCE Herod the Great was appointed King of the Jews by the Roman Senate, but in 6 CE his successor, Herod Archelaus, ethnarch of Judea, was deposed by the emperor Augustus and his territories annexed as Iudaea Province under direct Roman administration: this marked the end of Judah as an even theoretically independent kingdom.

Israel and Judah inherited the religion of late first-millennium Canaan, and Canaanite religion in turn had its roots in the religion of second-millennium Ugarit. In the 2nd millennium, polytheism was expressed through the concepts of the divine council and the divine family.

Golden Slumbers

"Golden Slumbers" is a song by The Beatles, part of the climactic medley on their 1969 album "Abbey Road". The song begins the progression that leads to the end of the album and is followed by "Carry That Weight." The two songs were recorded together as a single piece, and both were written by Paul McCartney (credited to Lennon/McCartney).

McCartney was the lead vocalist. He begins the song in a soft tone, with piano, bass guitar, and string section accompaniment. Starting with the line "Golden slumbers fill your eyes", the drums come in and McCartney switches to a stronger tone. McCartney said, "I remember trying to get a very strong vocal on it, because it was such a gentle theme, so I worked on the strength of the vocal on it, and ended up quite pleased with it."

The main recording session for "Golden Slumbers"/"Carry That Weight" was on July 2, 1969.
John Lennon was not present. He was injured in a motor vehicle accident in Scotland on July 1, 1969, and was hospitalized there until July 6.

Additional vocals were added in an overdub session on 30 July 1969, the same day the first trial edit of the side two medley was created. Lennon did participate in this session. On 15 August, orchestral overdubs were made to "Golden Slumbers" and five other songs on "Abbey Road".



Carry That Weight

"Carry That Weight" is a song by The Beatles. Released on "Abbey Road" and part of the long, climactic medley that closes the album, it has vocals from all four of the Beatles (a rarity in their songs). It is after "Golden Slumbers", and transitions into "The End".

The middle bridge, featuring brass instruments, electric guitar and vocals, repeats the beginning of "You Never Give Me Your Money", but with different lyrics. The ending also repeats the arpeggiated guitar motif from the end of that song, similar to the figure featured in the George Harrison written songs "Here Comes the Sun" and "Badge" (co-written by Harrison and Eric Clapton).

Music critic Ian MacDonald said that the lyrics were an acknowledgment by the group that nothing they would do as solo artists would equal what they had achieved together, and they would always carry the weight of their Beatle past. McCartney said the song was about the Beatles' business difficulties and the atmosphere at Apple at the time. In the film "", Lennon says that McCartney was "singing about all of us."

The Beatles began recording "Golden Slumbers"/"Carry That Weight" as one piece on July 2, 1969. McCartney, Harrison and Starr recorded 15 takes of the two songs while Lennon was in the hospital recovering from a car accident in Scotland.

The rhythm tracks featured McCartney on piano, Harrison on bass guitar and Starr on drums. The best were takes 13 and 15, which were edited together on July 3rd. That day and the next, McCartney overdubbed his lead vocals and rhythm guitar, Harrison added lead guitar, and all three sang the chorus.

On July 30, they added more vocals, including Lennon, who had rejoined the sessions on July 9. More vocals, timpani and drums were overdubbed on 31 July. The orchestra was recorded on August 15.

Personnel per MacDonald and Mark Lewisohn



Her Majesty (song)

"Her Majesty" is a song written by Paul McCartney (although credited to Lennon/McCartney) that appears on The Beatles' album "Abbey Road". "Her Majesty" is the final track of the album and appears fourteen seconds after the song "The End", but was not listed on the original sleeve. As such, it is considered one of the first examples of a hidden track in rock music.

The song was recorded in three takes on July 2, 1969, before the Beatles started work on "Golden Slumbers"/"Carry That Weight". McCartney sang and played an acoustic guitar. The decision take it from the Abbey Road medley was made on July 30.

Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (song)

"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" is a song credited to Lennon/McCartney, and released in 1967, on The Beatles' album of the same name. The song appears twice on the album: as the first song (transitioning into "With a Little Help from My Friends"), and as "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise)", (which transitions into "A Day in the Life"). As the title track, the lyrics introduce the fictional band that performs in the album.

Since its original album release, the song has also been released on singles, on compilation albums, and has been performed by several other artists including Jimi Hendrix (such as at the Isle of Wight Festival 1970), U2, and a comic interpretation by Bill Cosby.

On the "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" album, the song opens to the sound of a loud audience, and an orchestra tuning up, which was taken from the February 10 orchestra session for "A Day in the Life". The crowd sounds edited into the song were recorded in the early '60s by Martin, during a live recording of the stage show Beyond the Fringe. When the song itself begins, the band introduces its members. The song is in G major, with a 4/4 meter. A horn quartet was used to fill out the instrumental sections.

"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise)" is a repeat of the song at a faster tempo with heavier instruments. While the first track stays largely in the key of G major (except for transient modulation to F and perhaps C in the bridges), the reprise starts in F and modulates back to G. The track opens with a distorted guitar strumming a "Hendrix chord" (dominant 7th sharp 9). McCartney counts 1-2-3-4, and between 2 and 3, Lennon says "bye!".

The idea for a reprise was Aspinall's, who thought that as there was a "welcome song", there should be a "goodbye song". The song contains the same melody as the opening version, but with different lyrics. At 1:18, it is one of the Beatles' shorter songs (the shortest is "Her Majesty" at 0:23). The reprise was recorded on 1 April 1967, two months after the version that opens the album. At the end of the track, Martin's pre-recorded applause sample segues into the real final track of the album, "A Day in the Life".

"Full version:"

"Reprise":


With a Little Help from My Friends

"With a Little Help from My Friends" (originally titled "A Little Help from My Friends") is a song written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. It was on the album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" in 1967. The song was written for and sung by Beatles drummer Ringo Starr as the character "Billy Shears"; it is ranked #304 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr performed this song for the first time together at the David Lynch Foundation Benefit Concert in the Radio City Music Hall, New York on 4 April 2009.

Lennon and McCartney finished writing this song in mid-March 1967, written as Starr's song for the album. It was briefly called "Bad Finger Boogie" (later the inspiration for the band name Badfinger), because Lennon composed the melody on a piano using his middle finger after having hurt his forefinger; but in his 1980 "Playboy" interview Lennon said: "This is Paul, with a little help from me. 'What do you see when you turn out the light/ I can't tell you, but I know it's mine...' is mine."

Lennon and McCartney wrote a tune with a limited range - except for the last note, which McCartney worked closely with Starr to achieve. 
Speaking in the Anthology, Starr insisted on changing the first line which originally was ""What would you do if I sang out of tune? Would you stand up and throw tomatoes at me?"" He changed the lyric so that fans would not throw tomatoes at him should he perform it live. (In the early days, after George Harrison made a comment that he liked jelly babies, fans would throw them at the Beatles at all of their live shows.)

The song is in the form of a conversation. The other three Beatles sing a question and Starr answers, for example: "Would you believe in a love at first sight? / Yes, I'm certain that it happens all the time."

The band started recording the song the day before they posed for the Sgt. Pepper album cover (29 March 1967), ending the session at 5:45 in the morning.


"With a Little Help from My Friends" was played as wake-up music on Space Shuttle Mission STS-61.


Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds

"Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" is a song written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney for The Beatles' 1967 album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band".

Lennon's son, Julian, inspired the song with a nursery school drawing he called "Lucy — in the sky with diamonds". Shortly after the song's release, people realized that the first letter of each of the title's nouns spelled LSD. Though Lennon denied and mocked the idea of a hidden LSD reference, the BBC banned the song. 

Later, other artists made a cover version of the song. One of them was Elton John, whose 1974 recording was at the top of the "Billboards" chart for two weeks.

According to the Beatles, Lennon's son, Julian Lennon showed his father a nursery school drawing he called Lucy - in the sky with diamonds, depicting his classmate, Lucy O'Donnell. 
Julian said, "I don't know why I called it that or why it stood out from all my other drawings, but I obviously had an affection for Lucy at that age. I used to show dad everything I'd built or painted at school, and this one sparked off the idea..." Lucy Vodden née O'Donnell died of an immune system disease in 2009.

Lennon was surprised at the idea that the song title was a hidden reference to LSD.

"Rolling Stone" magazine described the song as "Lennon's lavish daydream" and music critic Richie Unterberger said "'Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds' was one of the best songs on the Beatles' famous Sgt. Pepper album, and one of the classic songs of psychedelia as a whole. There are few other songs that so successfully evoke a dream world, in both the sonic textures and words." In a review for the BBC, Chris Jones described the song as "nursery rhyme surrealism" that contributed to Sgt. Pepper's "revolutionary ... sonic carpet that enveloped the ears and sent the listener spinning into other realms."

In later interviews, Lennon expressed disappointment with the Beatles' arrangement of the recording, complaining that inadequate time was taken to fully develop his initial idea for the song. He also said that he felt he didn't think that he sang it very well. "I was so nervous I couldn't sing," he told the journalist Ray Connolly, "but I like the lyrics."

A 3.2 million year-old, 40% complete fossil skeleton of an "Australopithecus afarensis" specimen discovered in 1974 was named "Lucy" because the Beatles song was being played loudly and repeatedly on a tape recorder in the camp.

The White dwarf star BPM 37093, which contains a core of crystallized carbon roughly 4000 km in diameter, is informally named "Lucy" as a tribute to the Beatles song.



Getting Better

"Getting Better" is a song written by Paul McCartney and John Lennon, based on an original idea by McCartney. It was recorded by The Beatles for the 1967 album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band".

One of the recording sessions for "Getting Better" is famous for an incident involving Lennon. During the 21 March 1967 session in which producer George Martin added a piano solo, Lennon complained that he did not feel well and could not focus. He had accidentally taken LSD when he meant to take an upper. Unaware of the mistake, Martin took him up to the roof of Abbey Road Studio for some fresh air, and returned to Studio Two where McCartney and Harrison were waiting. They knew why Lennon was not well, and upon hearing where Lennon was, rushed to the roof to retrieve him and prevent a possible accident.



Fixing a Hole

"Fixing a Hole" is a song mainly written by Paul McCartney (credited to Lennon/McCartney) and performed by The Beatles on the 1967 album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band".

The first of two recording sessions for the song was at Regent Sound Studio in London on 9 February 1967 in three takes.

The lead vocal was recorded at the same time as the rhythm track, a change from their post-1963 approach of overdubbing the vocal.

According to McCartney, on the night of the session an unusual man appeared at the gate of McCartney's home and said he was Jesus Christ. After a cup of tea, and after getting him to promise to be quiet and sit in a corner, McCartney brought the man to the recording session. After the session the man left and was never heard from again.

In another version of the story, John Lennon arrived at the studio, found the man hanging around the front door, and it was Lennon who invited him in.

The song is referenced to by Lennon in the last stanza of the song "Glass Onion" ("Fixing a Hole in the ocean"), from "The Beatles", released a year later.

In the live-action scene at the end of the 1968 movie "Yellow Submarine", Ringo mentions that he gave the other half of the "hole in me pocket" to Jeremy, so that he could "stop his mind from wandering", a direct reference to "Fixing a Hole".



Ian MacDonald

Ian MacCormick (known by the pseudonym Ian MacDonald; 3 October 1948 – 20 August 2003) was a British music critic and author, best known for both "", his critical history of The Beatles.

She's Leaving Home

"She's Leaving Home" is a song, written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney and released in 1967 on The Beatles album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". McCartney wrote and sang the verse and Lennon the chorus. This was one of a handful of songs of the Beatles in which the members did not play any instruments.

Paul McCartney:
The newspaper story McCartney mentioned was from the front page of the "Daily Mirror", about a girl named Melanie Coe. Although McCartney made up most of the content, Coe, who was 17 at the time said that he got most of it right. Her parents wondered why she had left... "She has everything here." In real life, Melanie did not "meet a man from the motor trade", but instead a croupier, and left in the afternoon while her parents were at work. She was found ten days later because she had said where her boyfriend worked.

Coincidentally, Coe had met McCartney three years earlier when she was a contestant and prize winner on ITV's "Ready Steady Go!". An update on Melanie appeared in the Daily Mail in May 2008.

The day before McCartney wanted to work on the string arrangement, he learned that George Martin was not available to do the score. He contacted Mike Leander, who did it in Martin's place. It was the first time a Beatle song was not arranged by Martin (and the only time it was done with the Beatles' consent: Phil Spector's orchestration of "Let It Be" was done without McCartney's knowledge). Martin was hurt by McCartney's actions, but he produced the song and conducted the string section. The harp was played by Sheila Bromberg, the first female musician to appear on a Beatles record.

The stereo version of the song runs at a slower speed than the mono mix, and consequently is a semitone lower in pitch. This is mentioned in the booklet accompanying "The Beatles in Mono" CD box set, but no reason is given. A 2007 Mojo magazine article revealed the mono mix was sped up to make Paul sound younger and tighten the track.

When discussing Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, composer Ned Rorem described "She's Leaving Home" as "equal to any song that Schubert ever wrote."



Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!

"Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!" is a song from the 1967 album by The Beatles, "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". It was composed mainly by John Lennon with input from Paul McCartney and credited to Lennon/McCartney.

Lennon wrote the song taking inspiration from a nineteenth century circus poster for Pablo Fanque's circus which he purchased in an antique shop on 31 January 1967 while filming the promotional video for the song "Strawberry Fields Forever" in Kent. Lennon said that "Everything from the song is from that poster, except the horse wasn't called Henry." (The poster idenitifies the horse as "Zanthus".) Mr. Kite is believed to be William Kite, who worked for Pablo Fanque from 1843 to 1845.



Within You Without You

"Within You Without You" is a song written by George Harrison and released on The Beatles' 1967 album, "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". 

"Within You Without You" features only Harrison and a group of uncredited Indian musicians, although producer George Martin arranged the string section, and Harrison and assistant Neil Aspinall played the tambura. According to Prema Music, dilrubha player Amrit Gajjar played on the track. It is the second of Harrison's songs to be explicitly influenced by Indian classical music, after "Love You To", and Harrison's only composition on "Sgt. Pepper". "Within You Without You" was written on a harmonium at the house of long-time Beatles friend Klaus Voormann, while "there were lots of joints being smoked".

Stephen Stills was so impressed by the lyrics that he had them carved on a stone monument in his yard. John Lennon said it was"one of George's best songs."



Rocks (album)

Rocks is the fourth album by American rock band Aerosmith. It was released on May 3, 1976. Allmusic described "Rocks" as having "captured Aerosmith at their most raw and rocking". "Rocks" also ranked #176 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time and is also noted in musician Kurt Cobain's top 50 favorite albums in his journals. Also, it has greatly influenced several people in the hard rock and heavy metal community, including members of Guns N' Roses and Metallica.


Walk This Way

"Walk This Way" is a song by American hard rock group Aerosmith. It is a very popular song, and it was made even more popular when it was covered by Run–D.M.C.

Sauber Petronas Engineering

Sauber Petronas Engineering AG was a company owned jointly by the Swiss racing car manufactor Sauber (60%) and the Malaysian oil company Petronas (40%). The company was founded for the sole purpose of building engines to the Sauber Formula One team.

The engines were for many years nearly identical to the ones used by Ferrari but were branded (named) Petronas. Sauber licensed nearly every part from Ferrari and even had several Ferrari engineers on staff. 

The company also helped developing motorcycles like Petronas FP1.

Anglo-Saxon charters

Anglo-Saxon charters are documents from the early medieval period in Britain which usually make a grant of land or record a privilege. They are usually written on parchment in Latin.


Book of Wisdom

The Book of Wisdom (also called Wisdom of Solomon or just Wisdom) is one of the books of the Old Testament. It is one of the seven wisdom books of the Bible. It is part of the Catholic and Orthodox Biblical canon, put forward by the Council of Carthage in 397 and confirmed by Catholic leaders at the Council of Trent in 1546. It was written by a Jew in Ancient Egypt in the 1st century BC and talks about wisdom among other themes.

The book was initially written in the Greek language, but has the style of Hebrew poetry. Tradition says that King Solomon wrote the book, but scholars reject this tradition. The Catholic Encyclopedia says: "It is freely admitted that Solomon is not the writer of the Book of Wisdom, which has been ascribed to him because its author, through a literary fiction, speaks as if he were the Son of David.".

The book has the most classical Greek language of all the books in the Septuagint. It also had much of the Hebrew style that had existed when the book was written. The writer also must have been deeply involved in the philosophical, religious, and ethical writings in Hellenistic Alexandria.


Glendale, Arizona

Glendale () is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, USA. It is about nine miles (14 km) northwest from Downtown Phoenix. According to the 2020 census, the population of the city is 248,325.

The NHL's Phoenix Coyotes and NLL's Arizona Sting started to play in Glendale when Jobing.com Arena opened in December 2003. Also in Glendale is University of Phoenix Stadium. It is the home of the NFL's Arizona Cardinals and the Fiesta Bowl, and opened in August 2006. In 2008, Super Bowl XLII was played there when the New York Giants beat the New England Patriots. The Chicago White Sox and Los Angeles Dodgers moved to Glendale for a shared spring training 2009.

Glendale calls itself “Arizona’s Antique Capital”. It is supported for its claim from Sunset Magazine. Glendale is home to the Arrowhead Towne Center mall in the northwest part of the city. Glendale also is home to Midwestern University, metro Phoenix's first medical school, as well as a major post-graduate international business school.

An extension of METRO light rail service is planned to serve the city.

Glendale is at (33.538654, -112.186261).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 55.8 square miles (144.4 km²), of which, 55.7 square miles (144.2 km²) of it is land and 0.1 square miles (0.2 km²) of it (0.13%) is water.

As of 2000, there were 218,812 people, 75,700 households and 54,352 families in the city. The population density was 3,929.5 people per square mile (1,517.3/km²). The population consists of 75.54% white, 4.70% black or African American, 1.45% Native American, 2.74% Asian, 0.13% Pacific Islander, 11.97% from other races, and 3.47% from two or more races. 24.84% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 75,700 households out of which 39.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them. 53.5% were married couples living together. 12.8% had a female householder with no husband living there. 28.2% were non-families. 21.3% of all households were made up of individuals and 5.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85. The average family size was 3.33 people.

The meddle age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 99.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.1 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $45,015. The median income for a family was $51,162. Males had a median income of $35,901 versus $27,736 for females. The per capita income for the city was $19,124. About 8.8% of families and 11.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.3% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.

Glendale is the home to the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL). The team formerly played at Sun Devil Stadium on the campus of Arizona State University in Tempe. The History Channel featured the stadium because of its roll-out natural grass field. The stadium hosted Super Bowl XLII in 2008. Almost one year later on January 18, 2009, it hosted the NFC Championship Game as the Arizona Cardinals defeated the Philadelphia Eagles 32-25 for the franchise's first ever Super Bowl berth.

Gila River Arena (formerly Glendale Arena and Jobing.com Arena) is next to University of Phoenix Stadium. It is the home of the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). It is also the home of the Arizona Sting of the National Lacrosse League (NLL).

In 2009, the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Chicago White Sox shared a spring training in Glendale.

The 26th annual WrestleMania event was held at University of Phoenix Stadium on March 28, 2010.

The BCS National Championship game also came to the stadium in 2006 and 2010. The Bowl Championship Series was replaced by the College Football Playoff (CFP) in 2014, and the final of the CFP, the College Football Championship Game, will come there in 2016.

There are a number of higher education campuses in Glendale. Glendale Community College and Glendale Community College North are members of the Maricopa County Community College District. Arizona State University has its West campus just across the border from Glendale in west Phoenix. Midwestern University is a graduate college of medicine in Glendale. Thunderbird School of Global Management is also a graduate school. It is specialized in international management.

Many school districts serve the city of Glendale.

Glendale is the place where many events throughout the year are held. That attracts thousands, including, but not limited to:




Cooktown, Queensland

Cooktown is the northernmost town on the east coast of Australia. In 2006, there were 2093 people living in the town. It is at the mouth of the Endeavour River, on Cape York Peninsula in north Queensland. Cooktown is named after the English explorer, Captain James Cook, and the Endeavour River is named after his ship, the "Endeavour".

Its population of 2000 doubles each June as the community re-enact Cook’s historic landing, complete with replica ship, cannon fire and period costume.

Endeavour River

The Endeavour River on Cape York Peninsula in north Queensland, Australia, was named in 1770 by the English explorer, Captain James Cook. He had been forced to put his ship, HM Bark Endeavour, onto the beach at the river mouth so that it could be repaired. The ship had been damaged by coral on the Great Barrier Reef. The Aboriginal Australians, the Guugu Yimithirr people, called the river "Wabalumbaal". 

Cook and his crew stayed for seven weeks and met with the Guugu Yimithirr. The word "kangaroo" was a Guugu Yimithirr word for the animal which Cook wrote down in his diary. The naturalists Joseph Banks and Daniel Solander made big collections of native plants and flowers, while Sydney Parkinson made pictures of the flora and fauna of the region. 

The Endeavour River is very wide at its mouth where it meets the sea. Upstream it quickly branches into many small creeks. There are 25 species of mangrove grwoing along the river. Saltwater crocodiles live in the river, and can often be seen on the banks during the winter in June and July. In October 2008, a man fishing for crabs on the river bank was taken by a crocodile. At first people thought it was a big crocodile, more than six metres in length. But his remains were later found inside a crocodile. The river is also a good place to go fishing for barramundi. 

In recent years, tilapia fish, which are a "noxious species" in Australia, have moved into the river in large numbers. Scientists are worried that this will harm the numbers of native fish. These fish, which are often farmed for food in other countries, are listed in the worst 100 introduced species. A person in Australia owning or selling a tilapia could be fined up to AU$11,000.

There is now a town, Cooktown, at the mouth of the Endeavour River. About 2000 people live in the town. Cooktown is the northernmost town on the east coast of Australia. It was first settled in 1873, at the site of Cook's landing. It was a port for the newly discovered Palmer River Goldfields. Some of the relatively undisturbed natural features near the mouth of the river have been protected as a Queensland National Park, the Endeavour River National Park.

Sources:

Lil Jon

Jonathan Smith , better known as Lil Jon (born January 17 1971) is an American rapper, DJ, and record producer. He is a former member of the group Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz. He formed the group in 1997. Lil Jon is known for shouting the words: "OK!", "What?!", and "Yeah!". His main hit was "Turn Down for What" featuring on the track by DJ Snake. He writes a blog on NHL.com about the Atlanta Thrashers. He is a fan of the team.


J.J. Redick

Jonathan Clay "J.J." Redick (born June 24, 1984 in Cookeville, Tennessee) is an American professional basketball player. He is currently a shooting guard for the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also played for the Orlando Magic from 2006 until 2013 and for the Milwaukee Bucks in 2013. Redick was born in Cookeville, Tenneesee, and played college basketball for four years at Duke University.

On July 10, 2013, the Clippers picked up Redick in a sign-and-trade, three-team deal which also involved the Milwaukee Bucks and Phoenix Suns. Redick was reported to have signed a four-year, $27 million contract.

Redman (rapper)

Reginald Noble better known by his stage name Redman (born April 17, 1970) is an American rapper and actor. He rose to fame in the early 1990s as an artist on the Def Jam label. He is known for his work with Method Man as one-half of the rap duo Method Man & Redman. Method Man & Redman both had starring roles in movies and sitcoms.



Liv Ullmann

Liv Johanne Ullmann (born 16 December 1938) is a Norwegian actress particularly associated with movies by Swedish director Ingmar Bergman. 

Ullmann was born in Tokyo, Japan, to Norwegian parents. The family moved to Toronto when she was two. Her father was an engineer and after his death in 1946, Ullmann returned to Norway with her mother and older sister, where they settled in Trondheim. 

After high school, she decided on an acting career. She applied and was turned down twice at the National Theater School in Oslo. She nonetheless persevered and after some studies at the Webber School of Acting in London, she eventually found work with a repertory theatre company in Stavenger. She also began appearing in bit parts in movies and on television. 

She got her first major break when she met Swedish director Ingmar Bergman who offered her a role in his movie "Persona" (1966), opposite Bibi Anderson. She became his muse and lover and went on starring in several of his movies to considerable acclaim; "Hour of the Wolf" (1968), "Shame" (1968), "The Passion of Anna" (1969), "Cries and Whispers" (1972), "Scenes of a Marriage" (1973), "Face to Face" (1975), "The Serpent's Egg" (1977), "Autumn Sonata" (1978) and "Saraband" (2003).

She also appeared in Jan Troell's epic movie "The Emigrants" (1971) and its sequel "The New Land" (1972), which earned her an Academy Award nomination as best actress. 

After her break up with Bergman in the early 1970s, she went to Hollywood and appeared in movies such as "Pope Joan" (1972), "New Horizons" (1973), "Forty Carats" (1973), "The Abdication" (1974), "Zandy's Bride" (1974), but failed to establish herself as the new Nordic star like Greta Garbo and Ingrid Bergman before her.

She published two autobiographies "Changing" (1977) and "Choices" (1984), in which she candidly discussed her life and career. 

In the 1990s, she turned to directing with movies including "Sofie" (1992) and "Kristin Lavransdotter" (1995). She also worked as a goodwill ambassador for UNICEF. 

Miss Ullmann has a daughter Linn Ullmann (born in 1966) with Ingmar Bergman, and two grandchildren.


Dinner for Schmucks

Dinner for Schmucks is a 2010 American comedy movie that is produced by Walter F. Parkes, Laurie MacDonald and Jay Roach and directed by Jay Roach. It is a remake of the 1998 French black comedy movie, "The Dinner Game".


Dinner for Schmucks received mixed reviews:



Teddy Pendergrass

Teddy Pendergrass (real name: Theodore DeReese "Teddy" Pendergrass) (born March 26, 1950 – died January 13, 2010) was an American R&B and soul singer/songwriter. Pendergrass was paralyzed from the waist down when he was severely injured in an car accident in Philadelphia in 1982.

He died on January 13, 2010 of respiratory failure and is buried at West Laurel Hill Cemetery.

Teddy Pendergrass released 13 studio albums during his career:
Teddy Pendergrass' Official website 

Barry White

Barry Eugene White (born September 12, 1944 – died July 4, 2003) was an American soul singer and songwriter. White was known for his rich bass voice. He won two Grammy Awards.

White was African American. He was born in Galveston, Texas and grew up in Los Angeles, California.

He died on July 4, 2003 of kidney failure and was cremated. His ashes were scattered by the California coast.

Barry White released 19 studio albums during his career:

Story of the Year

Story of the Year is an American alternative rock band. They formed in 1995 in St. Louis. The members of the group are Dan Marsala, the singer, Ryan Phillips, who plays the Guitar, Philip Sneed, who plays the guitar, Adam Russell, who plays the Bass guitar and Josh Wills, who plays the Drums. The band's original name was 67 North but was then changed to Big Blue Monkey and was again changed to Story of the Year.




Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Blue Rescue Team and Red Rescue Team

Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Blue Rescue Team and Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team are a type of Rougelike video games developed by Chunsoft and published by Nintendo. The game starts out when your character is turned into a Pokémon and you become friends with another Pokémon and form a rescue team and try to be the best rescue team there is. You can take jobs from bulletin board, get them from the mailbox or encounter them in story progression by completing a job the player then gets a reward afterwards.

A sequel to the two games were made in 2007 for the Nintendo DS titled "".


Ray Lewis

Ray Anthony Lewis, Jr. (born May 15, 1975) is a former American football player. He played linebacker in the National Football League (NFL). He played his entire career for the Baltimore Ravens from 1996 to 2013. He played for the University of Miami in college. Lewis was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens with the 26th pick in the first round of the 1996 NFL Draft. Lewis was the MVP of Super Bowl XXXV making 11 tackles, 6 assists, and blocked 4 passes. He was the first linebacker to win the Super Bowl MVP award on the winning team.

Lewis grew up in Ohio

Lewis played for the Miami Hurricanes in college as a middle linebacker. Even though critics often said he was too small, Lewis became known for his intimidating style of play. He wore #52 on his jersey.

Lewis was drafted 26th oveall in the 1st Round of the 1996 NFL Draft by the Baltimore Ravens. Four years later, Lewis was a Super Bowl MVP when Baltimore defeated the New York Giants in Super Bowl XXXV. In that Super Bowl-winning 2000 NFL season, Lewis was part of a famous linebacker group that also had outside linebackers Jamie Sharper and Peter Boulware. Lewis was elected as the NFL Defensive player of the Year in 2000, and won it again in 2003.

Throughout his career, Lewis has built a reputation as one of the best players in NFL history. In 2011, Lewis ranked #8 on the NFL's list of top 100 players. In his 16-year career, Lewis registered 1,993 tackles (1,514 solo), 40.5 sacks, intercepted 31 quarterback passes (returned for a total of 503 yards), and three touchdowns (including postseason).

On January 2, 2013, Lewis said that he intends retire from professional football after the 2012–13 NFL playoffs.

Lewis is a self-proclaimed Christian. He lives in Maryland, USA. In 2001, Lewis started the Ray Lewis Foundation, which helps struggling young people. Lewis is respected by Baltimore. He has a street named after him, "#52 Avenue."


Marty Turco

Marty Vincent Turco (born August 13, 1975) is a Canadian former ice hockey goaltender. He played 11 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Dallas Stars, Chicago Blackhawks, and the Boston Bruins. He currently works as an in-studio analyst for the NHL Network.

He has won the Roger Crozier MBNA Saving Grace Award twice. He is also tied with Felix Potvin, Ed Belfour, Martin Brodeur, Jean-Sébastien Giguère, and Michael Leighton for the NHL record of Most shutouts in a playoff series with 3.


Ray Rice

Raymell "Ray" Rice (born January 22, 1987 in New Rochelle, New York) is an American former football running back. He played six seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens from 2008 until he was released on September 8, 2014.

He was drafted out of the Rutgers University by the Baltimore Ravens with the 55th pick in the second round of the 2008 NFL Draft. Rice was selected for his very first Pro Bowl in 2009. He also was in the 2011 and 2012 Pro Bowl. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.

On March 27, 2014, Rice was arrested and indicted for third-degree aggravated assault after an incident at the Revel Casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey where he punched his then-fiancée (now wife) Janay Palmer in the face. The punch knocked her unconscious. A video posted by TMZ showed Rice dragging Palmer's body out of an elevator.

On March 27, 2014, Rice was indicted by a grand jury on third-degree aggravated assault, with a possible jail sentence for three to five years and a fine of up to $15,000. Rice married Palmer on March 28, 2014. On July 25, 2014, Rice was suspended for the first two games of the 2014 NFL season for the incident. After Rice agreed to undergo court-supervised counseling, the charges were dropped.

On September 8, 2014, another video was released by TMZ that featured additional footage from an elevator camera that showed Rice punching Palmer. After seeing this, the Baltimore Ravens terminated Rice's contract and shortly afterward, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced that Rice had been suspended indefinitely from the NFL.


Marpa Lotsawa

Marpa Chökyi Lodrö (1012–1097) was a Tibetan Buddhist lama, the first one who established the Kagyu tradition in Tibet. He is known also as Marpa Lotsawa, which means translator. Not only did he translate Buddhist texts, but he also made a complete system of methods to reach Enlightenment, or the state of a Buddha. Marpa made three difficult journeys to India and spent about twenty years there. He received teachings and oral transmission of many gurus. Most important among them are Naropa and Maitripa. His main student and successor to his lineage is Milarepa.

Keith Urban

Keith Lionel Urban (born 26 October 1967 in Whangarei, New Zealand) is a New Zealand-born Australian-American Grammy Award winning country music singer and songwriter judge in "American Idol".

Urban is married to actress Nicole Kidman. They met at G'Day LA, a Hollywood event honoring Australians. The couple have two daughters: Sunday Rose Kidman Urban (born 7 July 2008) and Faith Margaret Kidman Urban (born 28 December 2010).


Kenny Chesney

Kenneth Arnold "Kenny" Chesney (born March 26, 1968) is an American country music singer. Chesney has won many CMT awards and many other country music awards.

As late as 2021 he had songs on Billboard's Country Airplay and Hot Country Songs music charts.

Chesney was born on March 26, 1968, in Knoxville, Tennessee, at St. Mary's Medical Center. He was raised in Luttrell. He is the son of David Chesney, a former elementary school teacher, and Karen Chandler, a hair stylist in the Knoxville area. Chesney has one sibling, a younger sister named Jennifer Chandler. In 1986 Chesney graduated from Gibbs High School where he played baseball and football. Chesney received his first guitar, "The Terminor," for Christmas and began teaching himself to play. Chesney studied advertising at East Tennessee State University in Johnson City, TN, where he was a member of the ETSU Bluegrass Program and the Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity. 

Chesney married actress and producer Renée Zellweger briefly in 2005 until Zellweger filed an annulment letter.





Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Time and Explorers of Darkness

Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Time and Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Darkness are a pair of video games that is the sequel to the "" games. It was released in Japan on September 13, 2007, in North America on April 20, 2008, in Europe on July 4, 2008 and in Australia on June 19, 2008.


Bel and the Dragon

The narrative of Bel and the Dragon is from chapter 14 of the Book of Daniel. This chapter, along with chapter 13, is referred to as deuterocanonical, in that it is not universally accepted among Christians as belonging to the Bible. The story is typically not included in Protestant Bibles.

It is believed by some scholars to have been written in the late 2nd century BC and accounted apocryphal by Protestants. The chapter is formed of three independent narratives, which place the culture-hero Daniel at the court of Cyrus, king of the Persians: "When King Astyages was laid to rest with his ancestors, Cyrus the Persian succeeded to his kingdom." There Daniel "was a companion of the king, and was the most honored of all his Friends" (14:1).

The narrative of Bel (14:1–22) is a folk tale ridiculing worship. In it, the king asks Daniel "Do you not think that Bel is a living god? Do you not see how much he eats and drinks every day?" Daniel proves through a ruse that the sacred meal of Bel is actually consumed at night by the seventy priests and their wives and children, who entered through a secret door when the temple's doors were sealed. The priests and their wives and children are killed, and Daniel is permitted to destroy the idol of Bel and the temple. This version has been cited as an ancestor of the "locked room mystery". 

In the brief companion narrative of the Dragon (14:23–30), "there was a great dragon, which the Babylonians revered." In this case the supposed god is no idol, but not all that eats is divine: Daniel slew the dragon by making cakes of pitch, fat and hair. The dragon ate them and burst open. Now the Babylonians were indignant. "The king has become a Jew; he has destroyed Bel, and killed the dragon, and slaughtered the priests," they said, and demanded that Daniel be handed over to them.

The third narrative (14:31–42), Daniel in the Lions' Den, is apparently Daniel's 1st or 2nd trip. It has been made into a consequence of the preceding episode, but the Septuagint precedes it with the notice: "From the prophecy of Habakkuk, son of Jesus, of the tribe of Levi." Daniel remained unharmed in the den with seven lions, fed by the miraculous transportation of the prophet Habakkuk. "On the seventh day the king came to mourn for Daniel. When he came to the den he looked in, and there sat Daniel! The king shouted with a loud voice, "You are great, O Lord, the God of Daniel, and there is no other besides you!" Then he pulled Daniel out, and threw into the den those who had attempted his destruction, and they were instantly eaten before his eyes." Some have suggested that the Daniel in Bel and the Dragon is different from that of Daniel 1-13. 


Kazimierz Pospiszyl

Kazimierz Pospiszyl (b. 1938) is a psychologist and author of over two hundred books in the field of social psychology, sociology and pedagogy. He is the former Rector of the Maria Grzegorzewska Academy of Special Education Pedagogy in Warsaw. He has published many books, including well known and very popular "Psychology of Women", "Tristan and Don Juan", "Narcissism", "Psychopathy", and "Rehabilitation". He currently teaches at the Christian Theological Academy in Warsaw and the University of Zielona Góra.

When I'm Sixty-Four

"When I'm Sixty-Four" is a love song by The Beatles. It was written by Paul McCartney (credited to Lennon/McCartney). It was released in 1967 on their album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band".

According to Ian MacDonald, the song was "aimed chiefly at parents, and as a result got a cool reception from the group's own generation."

The song is sung by a young man to his lover, and is about his plans of growing old together with her. Although the theme is aging, it was one of the first songs McCartney wrote, when he was sixteen. The Beatles used it in the early days as a song they could play when the amplifiers broke down or the electricity went off. Both George Martin and Mark Lewisohn thought that McCartney may have thought of the song when recording began for "Sgt. Pepper" in December 1966 because his father turned 64 earlier that year.

Lennon said of the song, "Paul wrote it in the Cavern days. We just stuck a few more words on it like 'grandchildren on your knee' and 'Vera, Chuck and Dave' ... this was just one that was quite a hit with us." In his 1980 interview for "Playboy" he said, "I would never even dream of writing a song like that."

The song was recorded on 6 December 1966, during one of the first sessions for the as-yet-unnamed album that became "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". There were multiple overdub sessions, including the lead vocal by McCartney on 8 December and backing vocals by McCartney, Lennon, and George Harrison on 20 December. The clarinets were recorded on 21 December.

The song is in the key of D-flat major. The Beatles recorded the song in C major but the master take was sped up in order to raise the key by one semitone at the insistence of McCartney. Martin remembers that McCartney suggested this change in order to make his voice sound younger. McCartney says, "I wanted to appear younger, but that was just to make it more rooty-tooty; just lift the key because it was starting to sound turgid."

The song was nearly released on a single as the B-side with either "Strawberry Fields Forever" or "Penny Lane" as the A-side. Instead, Martin decided on a double-A-sided-disc. The single did not make #1 in the UK, breaking a string of #1 singles going back to 1963. If "When I'm Sixty-Four" had been issued as a B-side, it probably would not have appeared on "Sgt. Pepper".



Hispania Racing

Hispania Racing F1 Team, officially known as HRT F1 Team, is a Spanish Formula One team. It was founded by former driver Adrián Campos, and first known as Campos Meta 1. The team was taken over by José Ramón Carabante and renamed HRT. The team made its debut in the season. It is the first Spanish team to race in Formula One. A previous Spanish effort known as Bravo F1 tried but failed to enter the sport in .

The team began as a collaboration between Adrián Campos of Campos Racing and Enrique Rodríguez of Meta Image, under the name of Campos Meta. Campos Racing currently runs a team in the European F3 Open Championship. They also used to run the GP2 Series team now known as Addax Team. Campos was running the Formula One operation in conjunction with Meta Image. Meta Image is a Madrid-based sports agency, who managed one of Campos' F3 Open drivers, Bruno Méndez. Campos and Rodríguez began looking at the possibility of creating Spain's first Formula One team in February 2009. In March, the team gained shareholders (investors) such as Spanish businessman José Ramón Carabante and basketball players Pau Gasol and Jorge Garbajosa.

The team's headquarters were first located at Meta Images's offices in Madrid, housing marketing and administration. Its technical centre is located at Campos Racing's headquarters in Alzira, Valencia. In October 2009 the team completed a deal with the local government of the Region of Murcia to build new facilities for the team at the Parque Tecnológico Fuente Álamo de Murcia science park. Italian constructor Dallara built the 2010 cars in Parma, which used Cosworth engines.

On June 12, Campos Meta were named by the FIA as one of three new teams granted entry to the 2010 season..

On the weekend of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, Campos confirmed that Bruno Senna, the nephew of former world champion Ayrton Senna, would be one of their racing drivers for 2010.

In January 2010, A1 Grand Prix principal Tony Teixeira was one of several potential investors linked to the team. The investors were an effort to open up revenue for the 2010 pre-season testing. On January 27, the team admitted that they may not be able to participate in the 2010 pre-season testing, and that their second driver may not be announced until the eve of their first race. Teixeira said the team was aiming to make the second test session and believed that they would "definitely" make the third session at Jerez.

On 5 February 2010, Campos boss Adrián Campos told BBC Sport that the team were struggling to find funding. It was paying €7 million to Dallara stating that "sometime we have the money sometime we don't". He also denied that F1 hopeful Stefan GP had taken the Campos' car. He stated that "we've got a contract and as long as we're paying the contract is valid". In February, speculation began as to whether Campos would actually make the 2010 field. The team admitted budgetary problems. 

On February 19, it was announced that majority shareholder José Ramón Carabante had taken over full control of the team from Adrián Campos. Colin Kolles also replaced him as team principal. The team was re-named to Hispania Racing F1 Team (HRT), with the name taken from Grupo Hispania, one of Carabante's companies. The team's headquarters were moved to Grupo Hispania's offices in Murcia. On March 4, Karun Chandhok was confirmed as the team's second driver. The team launched their Cosworth-powered, Dallara-designed car on the same day; it was called the Hispania F110.

With no pre-season testing, the F110 completed its first laps during the weekend of the Bahrain Grand Prix. Senna's car was completed in time for him to complete three installation (first test lap) laps in the first free practice session. In the second session, he completed 17 laps, running over 11 seconds off the pace. He then slid off the track after his wheel came loose. Senna described the day's work as a "great start", considering the team's lack of preparation. 

Chandhok's did not complete any laps in the Friday practice. The mechanics were unable to make the clutch and gearbox on the car work. In qualifying, Senna and Chandhok set the two slowest times to share the back row of the starting grid: Chandhok was finally able to complete his car's first laps at speed. 

For the race, both cars started from the pit lane. Chandhok crashed on the second lap and was out of the race. Senna retired on lap 18 with an overheating engine. Hispania finally had both car finish the race at the Malaysian Grand Prix with Chandhok finishing in front of Senna. Chandhok was 3 laps down and Senna was 4 laps down. 

In Turkish Grand Prix, the team's test driver Sakon Yamamoto completed the first practice session, and ran the slowest time of the session.

On the eve of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone, Hispania announced that Bruno Senna had been dropped for the race. Yest driver Sakon Yamamoto would race in his place. After the race, HRT announced that Senna would return after Silverstone. Yamamoto has replaced Chandhok for the German Grand Prix and the Hungarian Grand Prix.

Hispania parted company with Dallara in May 2010. The partnership between the two companies had become tense due to the car's lack of performance. The team is seeking a new technical deal to assist in the construction of its chassis.

When Hispania was still under the Campos name, team owner José Ramón Carabante said in an interview with Autosport that Campos Meta F1/HRT were eyeing a Ferrari engine supply for the season. Colin Kolles said in an interview with Diario AS in July 2010, that talks about a partnership with Toyota was an option for 2011. Hispania continues to use Cosworth engines for 2011.

The first race of the 2011 season was the Australian Grand Prix. Hispania was not ready to race yet. The new chassis, the F111, had not been ready during the off season testing. During the weekend at Australia, the team was still putting the cars together. Karthikeyan and Liuzzi had to qualify in cars without any practice. Because of this, they were not fast enough to qualify for the race.

The fastest lap time during the first qualifying session was 1m 25.296s. Based on the new 107% rule, the minimum qualifying time was 1m 31.266s. Both Hispania cars were at least one second slower than the minimum time.

 Season in progress.


Brad Paisley

Brad Douglas Paisley (born October 28, 1972) is an American country music singer-songwriter and guitarist. In 1999 he had his first number one song on "Billboard"'s Country Airplay music chart.

Paisley has won three Grammy awards: one in 2008 for "Best Country Instrumental Performance" for ""Throttleneck"", one in 2009 again for "Best Country Instrumental Performance" this time for ""Cluster Pluck"" and one in 2009 for "Best Male Country Vocal Performance" for ""Letter to Me""

Paisley was born in Glen Dale, West Virginia.

Paisley is married to American actress, Kimberly Williams-Paisley and they were wed on March 15, 2003, at Stauffer Chapel on the campus of Pepperdine University.





Papa Roach

Papa Roach is an American alternative rock band. They formed in 1993 in Vacaville, California when lead singer Jacoby Shaddix and drummer Dave Buckner met on the Vacaville High School football field during an game of football where they started talking about music. The members of the group are Jacoby Shaddix, the lead singer, Jerry Horton, who plays the lead guitar and also does backing vocals, Tobin Esperance, who plays the bass guitar and backing vocals and Tony Palermo, who plays the drums and percussion.



Coureur de bois

A coureur des bois (, "runner of the woods") was a French Canadian man who engaged in the fur trade. They trapped and traded the hides of many animals, especially beaver. The coureurs des bois worked in eastern North America from the late 1700s, moving up toward Hudson Bay and across the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific Ocean by the 19th century. Many worked for the Hudson's Bay Company of Great Britain.

Smart Guy

Smart Guy is a 1997 The WB television series that ran from April 2, 1997 to May 16, 1999. The show is about a boy genius named TJ who lives in Washington D.C. is transferred from elementary school and gets transferred to Piedmont High School and attempts to fit in in high school.


Luis Gonzalez (outfielder)

Luis Emilio Gonzalez (born September 3, 1967 in Tampa, Florida) is a retired American Major League Baseball (MLB) outfielder. He had his greatest success with the Arizona Diamondbacks, becoming a star in 2001. He got the hit that won the World Series for the Diamondbacks that year.

In 2010, it was announced that Gonzalez would be the first Diamondbacks player to have his jersey number (20) retired.


Yoko Kanno

Yoko Kanno (菅野 よう子 "Kanno Yōko", born March 19, 1964 in Miyagi Prefecture, Japan) is a famous composer and keyboardist. She makes music for anime, games, and movies. Meow on the Bridge (music office) and Captain Duckling Records (music label).

Some of her most famous music includes "Voices" ("Macross Plus"), "Tank!" ("Cowboy Bebop"), "Yakusoku wa Iranai" ("Escaflowne"), "Gravity" ("Wolf's Rain"), and "Inner Universe" (""). She was the singer of a band called "The Seatbelts", which was created just to make the "Cowboy Bebop" soundtrack.

She has worked for many Koei games sold from the late 1980s to 1990s and even for a Dreamcast game. Because she worked a lot in the "Cowboy Bebop" anime, the game sold by Bandai also features her work.

Apart from anime and games, Kanno also makes pieces for live-action films and television commercials. She likes Grand Funk Inc. recording studio for producing for these two media. Contributions to films started in the 90s but only since 2002 has there been a trend towards the medium. Most of the latter were shown in international film festivals.

There is some rumor that one of her frequently hired vocalists, Gabriela Robin, is Kanno herself under a pseudonym. 

She was married to fellow composer Hajime Mizoguchi. They worked together to create the music for "Please Save My Earth" and "Escaflowne".

She has gone to Otakon and Anime Expo in 1999, as well as Anime Expo New York in 2002.

On September 13, 2005, Gamespot said that Kanno had been hired by Gravity Corporation to create the music for their in-development MMORPG, "Ragnarok Online 2". 


All of the movies are live-action except for "Noiseman Sound Insect".





Mario &amp; Luigi: Partners in Time

Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time (also known as Mario & Luigi RPG 2: Partners in Time) is a game for the Nintendo DS. "Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time" was released in North America on November 28, 2005, in Japan on December 29, 2005, in Europe on January 11, 2006, in the United Kingdom on February 10, 2006, and in Australia on February 23, 2006. It is the second game in the "Mario and Luigi RPG" series, preceding "".

In this game, Peach goes with two other Toads in a time machine, but she never returns. Whenever the machine returns, a green alien comes out of it. After they beat it, Mario and Luigi go to various places in the past.

Conker's Bad Fur Day

Conker's Bad Fur Day is a platform game for the Nintendo 64 that was developed and published by Rare and distributed by Nintendo in 2001. It is the sequel to the Game Boy Color game, "Conker's Pocket Tales". This game was in development for four years and was originally going to be entitled "Conker's Quest", and then "Twelve Tails: Conker 64". This game was going to be rated "E" until Rare changed it to a "mature" game, due to thinking they would be mocked as people call it a cutesy game. After the change, Conker was not a cutesy character anymore, drinks too much beer, and becomes a greedy squirrel.

This game later received a remake for the Xbox in 2005 known as "".



Tony Hawk's Underground

Tony Hawk's Underground is a 2003 skateboarding game that was developed by Neversoft and Beenox and was published by Activision. It is the fifth game in the "Tony Hawk" video game series It was released on October 27, 2003 in North America and November 21, 2003 in PAL region. The game received a "E3 Game Critics Awards" for "Best Sports Game" in 2003 and "MTV Video Music Award" for Best Video Game Soundtrack in 2004.



Arby's

Arby's is an international chain of fast food restaurants started by Forrest and Leroy Raffel in 1964 in Boardman, Ohio. Arby's is well known for their roast beef sandwiches and their curly fries.

There are restaurants in these countries:
Countries that had restaurants:


The Other Guys

The Other Guys is a 2010 American action-comedy movie. It was produced by Adam McKay, Will Ferrell, Jimmy Miller and Patrick Crowley and was directed by Adam McKay.

On August 2, 2010, Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg guest hosted WWE's Raw from San Antonio, Texas to promote the release of "The Other Guys".

The movie revolves around two guys: Allen Gamble and Terry Hoitz who get stuck together after accidentally shooting Derek Jeter.


"The Other Guys" received mostly positive reviews from reviewers:


"The Other Guys" placed first for the night making $13 million on opening night. The movie was also number one for the weekend of August 6–8, 2010 making $35,600,000 on the opening weekend and removed Inception from the top spot.


Rusty blackbird

The rusty blackbird ("Euphagus carolinus") is a species of icterid blackbirds. Its bill is pointed. The adult females are more grey then the adult male.

The birds usually breed in muskeg and forests across Canada and Alaska and migrate to the eastern and southeastern United States, into parts of the Grain Belt and sometimes straying into Mexico

These birds feed on insects, small fish and some seeds in wet ground or in shallow water.

Coenobitidae

Coenobitidae is a family of Hermit crabs that contains all species of land hermit crab.

Coenobitidae contains two genera:

Leominster

Leominster (pronounced "Lem-ster") is a market town in Northern Herefordshire, a county in England. 

It is located 12 miles (19 km) north of Hereford, the county town, and south of Ludlow in Shropshire.

The town has a population of 11,691 people. This makes it Herefordshire's largest town as Hereford is a city.

During the Middle Ages, Leominster was the hometown of Æthelmod, an English saint. He was buried in the town.

Leominster is situated on the A44, which runs from Oxford to Aberwystwyth and on the A49, which runs north from Ross-on-Wye and ends just south of Bamber Bridge in Lancashire. It also has strong railway links. Leominster railway station is on the Welsh Marches Line. Passengers can get direct trains northbound to Shrewsbury, Wrexham, Chester, Llandudno, Holyhead, Crewe and Manchester as well as trains southbound to Hereford, Cardiff, Swansea and South-West Wales.

Leominster has two twin towns. It is twinned with:

Troy Brouwer

Troy Brouwer (born August 17, 1985 in North Delta, British Columbia, Canada) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks, Florida Panthers, Calgary Flames, St. Louis Blues and Washington Capitals. 

He also played in the WHL for the Moose Jaw Warriors for five seasons and was named team captain his last season with the Warriors.

On June 9, 2010, Brouwer won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks.

On Nov. 18, 2021, he retired from the NHL after a 14-year career. 


Lincoln Navigator

The Lincoln Navigator is a large, luxury SUV. It is manufactured by Ford Motor Company and was released in 1998. The Navigator has a niche with celebrities and the customized SUV scene.

Nick Swisher

Nicholas "Nick" Thompson Swisher (born November 25, 1980 in Columbus, Ohio) is an American baseball player. On December 23, 2012, Swisher agreed to a four-year, $56 million contract with the Cleveland Indians. The deal became official on January 3, 2013.

Swisher is the son of former Major League Baseball player, Steve Swisher.

He is married to actress Joanna García.


Redman

Redman may refer to:


Dane Cook

Dane Jeffrey Cook (born March 18, 1972 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) is an American comedian and actor. 

Cook has performed in many major arenas like the Madison Square Garden.

Dane Cook has released 5 comedy albums:



Hookah

A hookah is a type of glass water pipe used to smoke tobacco, or special hookah-tobacco called "shisha". It can also be used for smoking herbal fruits.

The hookah gained popularity under the reign of the Ottoman Dynasty. A hookah operates by water filtration and indirect heat.

The hookah has origins in Arabia, Persia, Turkey, India and ancient China. Ancient Persian paintings depict people smoking hookahs. In the early 19th century, Hookahs became popular with rich men, who often smoked them wearing smoking caps or fezzes and smoking jackets.

The more colloquial terms "hubble-bubble" and "hubbly-bubbly" may be used in the region surrounding the Red Sea.

The archaic form of this latter Indian name "hookah" is most commonly used in English for historical reasons. It was in India that many English-speakers first sampled the effects of the water pipe. The writer William Hickey wrote in his "Memoirs" that shortly after his arrival in Calcutta (now Kolkata), India in 1775:
The jar at the bottom of the hookah is filled with water sufficient to submerge a few inches of the body tube, which is sealed tightly to it. Deeper water will only increase the inhalation force needed to use it. Tobacco or tobacco-free molasses are placed inside the bowl at the top of the hookah. Often the bowl is covered with perforated tin foil or a metal screen and coal placed on top. The foil or screen separates the coal and the tobacco, which minimizes inhalation of coal ash with the smoke and reduces the temperature the tobacco is exposed to, in order to prevent burning the tobacco directly.

When one inhales through the hose, air is pulled through the charcoal and into the bowl holding the tobacco. The hot air, heated by the charcoal vaporizes the tobacco without burning it.
The vapor is passed down through the body tube that extends into the water in the jar. It bubbles up through the water, losing heat, and fills the top part of the jar, to which the hose is attached. When a smoker inhales from the hose, smoke passes into the lungs, and the change in pressure in the jar pulls more air through the charcoal, continuing the process.

Hookahs are widely used today. At parties, some people choose to smoke a hookah and spread it around for others to use. Hookah bars are places where people can meet up and smoke hookahs. Nowadays, hookahs appear in numerous designs, shapes, and sizes, from classic Egyptian look to modern and futuristic. 

A 2005 WHO report states that smoking using a waterpipe poses a serious potential health hazard and is not a safe alternative to cigarette smoking. The average hookah session typically lasts more than 40 minutes, and consists of 50 to 200 inhalations that each range from 0.15 to 0.50 liters of smoke. In an hour-long smoking session of hookah, users consume about 100 to 200 times the volume of smoke of a cigarette.

Jassen Cullimore

Jassen A. Cullimore (born December 4, 1972 in Simcoe, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman that last played for the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga. He formerly played Vancouver Canucks from 1994-1996, the Montreal Canadiens from 1996-1997, the Tampa Bay Lightning from 1997-2003 winning the Stanley Cup with them during the 2003-04 NHL season, the Chicago Blackhawks from 2005-06, the Florida Panthers from 2007-08 and signed a two-way contract returning to the Chicago Blackhawks which he played one season with in 2010.


Big L

Lamont Coleman (30 May 1974 – 15 February 1999) was an American rapper better known by his stage name, Big L.

Henry Adaso from About.com ranked him #23 of the "Top 50 Greatest MCs of Our Time (1987 - 2007)" and said the "[he was] one of the most auspicious storytellers in hip hop history." Coleman was also called "the most underrated lyricist ever" by HipHopDX.

On 15 February 1999, Big L was murdered at 45 West 139th Street after being shot nine times in the face and chest in a drive-by shooting at the age of 24. Gerard Woodley, his childhood friend, was arrested for the shooting. A spokesperson for the New York City Police Department said that "It's a good possibility it was retaliation for something [Big L's] brother did, or [Woodley] believed he had done". Woodley was later released and the murder is still unsolved.




Down with Webster

Down with Webster is a Canadian rap rock band from Toronto, Ontario. They are currently signed to Universal Motown records though producer Timbaland and KISS frontman Gene Simmons expressed interest in signing the band to their labels. They released their self-titled debut album on June 26, 2007.



Murray Bannerman

Murray Bannerman (born April 27, 1957 in Fort Frances, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted by the Vancouver Canucks with the 58th overall pick in the 1977 NHL Draft. He played 8 seasons in the NHL 1 season with the Vancouver Canucks and 7 seasons with the Chicago Blackhawks. He currently for the Blackhawk Alumni Association.

Carnival of Carnage

Carnival of Carnage is the first studio album by Insane Clown Posse. Insane Clown Posse is an American hip hop band. The album was released on October 18, 1992. The producers of the album were Joseph Bruce, Mike Clark, Esham and Chuck Miller. The album was the first of the "Joker Cards" in the Dark Carnival mythology. 
Kid rock and Esham sing guest vocals on the album,

The album's lyrics are about the controversies, violence and politics in the ghetto.

Shaggy Dope sings vocals on "Night of the Axe" and "Wizard of The Hood".
Every song on the album except "Night of the Axe" and "Wizard of the Hood" is sung by Violent J.

1. Intro 
2. Carnivals of Carnage 
3. Juggla
4. First Day Out
5. Red Neck Clown 
6. Wizard of the Hood (Vocals by Shaggy Dope) 
7. Guts on the Ceiling 
8. Is That you? (Feat. Kid Rock) 
9. Night Of the Axe (Vocals sang by Shaggy Dope) 
10. Psychopathic 
11. Blackin, Your Eyes 
12. Never had it made 
13. Your Rebel Flag
14. Ghetto Freak Show
15. Taste (Feat. Esham)


Violent J- Vocals 
Shaggy Dope- Occasional Vocals

Special Musical guests Kid rock and Esham.

2010 Israel–Lebanon border clash

The 2010 Israeli–Lebanese clash occurred on August 3, 2010. Israel Defence Forces and Lebanese Armed Forces fought along the border between Israel and Lebanon. Early reports said three Lebanese soldiers and a civilian were killed while five soldiers were wounded; reports also said one Israeli soldier was killed and two were wounded. This was the most serious fighting on the border since the 2006 Lebanon War.

South Lebanon conflict

The South Lebanon conflict describes a series of military clashes in South Lebanon involving Israel, Palestine Liberation Organization, Lebanese factions and Syria.

The conflict began in late 1960s and escalated in the 1970s. After the PLO leadership and its Fatah brigade were expelled from Jordan in 1971 for fomenting a revolt, they entered Lebanon and internal and cross-border violence increased. The Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) had already recruited militants in Lebanon from among the families of Palestinian refugees who were expelled or fled due to the creation of Israel in 1948. By 1968, the PLO and Israel were committing cross border attacks against each other. Meanwhile, demographic tensions over the Lebanese National Pact led to the Lebanese Civil War (1975–1990). PLO was one of the key factors to the eruption of the Lebanese Civil War and its bitter battles with Lebanese factions caused foreign intervention. Israel's 1978 invasion of Lebanon pushed the PLO north of the Litani River, but the PLO continued their campaign against Israel. Israel invaded Lebanon again in 1982, in alliance with major Lebanese Christian militias, and forcibly expelled the PLO. Israel withdrew to a slim borderland buffer zone, held with the aid of proxy militants in the South Lebanon Army (SLA). Israel and Lebanon signed the May 17 Agreement providing a framework for the establishment of normal bilateral relations between the two countries, but relations were disrupted with takeover of Shia and Druze militias in early 1984.

In 1985, a Lebanese Shi'te resistance movement sponsored by Iran, calling itself Hezbollah, called for armed struggle to "end the Israel occupation of Lebanese territory". When the Lebanese civil war ended and other warring factions agreed to disarm, Hezbollah and the SLA refused. Combat with Hezbollah weakened Israeli resolve and led to a collapse of the SLA and an Israeli withdrawal in 2000 to their side of the UN designated border. Citing Israeli control of the Shebaa farms territory, Hezbollah continued cross border attacks intermittently over the next six years. Hezbollah now sought freedom for Lebanese citizens in Israeli prisons and successfully used the tactic of capturing Israeli soldiers as leverage for a prisoner exchange in 2004. The capturing of two Israeli soldiers by Hezbollah ignited the 2006 Lebanon War. Its ceasefire called for the disarmament of Hezbollah and the remaining armed camps of the PLO, and for Lebanon to control its southern border militarily for the first time in four decades.

Hostilities were suspended on 8 September 2006. As of 2009 Hezbollah had not disarmed. On 18 June 2008, Israel declared that it was open to peace talks with Lebanon.

Arab–Israeli conflict

The Arab–Israeli conflict is a term used to describe the political tensions and open hostilities between the Arab countries of the Middle East and North Africa and the State of Israel. The conflict has gone on since 1948.

The Arab–Israeli conflict began from earlier tensions between the Arab and Jewish communities in British Mandatory Palestine, with the rise of two nationalist movements - Zionist movement among Jews and Arab nationalism among the Arabs. The ethnic conflict in Mandatory Palestine was also a result of the collapse of the Ottoman Empire, which created tension over the division and ownership of the land. While the Jewish people saw the land as their historical homeland of the Land of Israel, the Palestinian people and Pan-Arab movement saw the land as Palestine belonging to the Arabs and in the Pan-Islamic context, as territory regarded as Muslim lands.

The modern conflict started with the 1948 Arab-Israeli war in parallel with the creation of state of Israel by the Jews. Later, on the course of the 1948 War, the All-Palestine Government was created in Gaza Strip by the Arab League, as an Arab Palestinian state. Israel won the 1948 war, and the All-Palestine Government moved to Cairo in Egypt and were not allowed to return to Gaza. They gradually lost importance, until abolished in 1959 by the Egyptian President Nasser.

In 1964, another Palestinian political organization was formed by Yasser Arafat (named Palestinian Liberation Organization), and became the most important Palestinian movement. In 1967, Arab countries and Israel fought the Six-Day War, resulting in Israeli takeover of Gaza Strip and Sinai Peninsula from Egypt, West Bank from Jordan and Golan Heights from Syria. Jordan, Egypt and PLO soon began a low-level War of Attrition, which lasted from 1967 to 1970 with no significant benefits to any side. In 1973, another major war, the Yom Kippur War, was started by Egypt and Syria to regain the territory lost in the Six Day War. Egypt liberated part of the Sinai, and Syria was pushed back to Damascus. Egypt and Israel both claimed victory and till now historians argue as to whom the victory belongs to.

Over the years, it has changed from the large-scale Arab–Israeli conflict to a more local Israeli-Palestinian conflict, though the Arab World and Israel still disagree with each other over specific territory.

Gaza War (2008–2009)

The Gaza War was a three-week armed conflict that took place in the Gaza Strip during the winter of 2008–2009. It was codenamed Operation Cast Lead ( "Mivtza Oferet Yetzuka") by the Israeli government.

The Gaza War is said to have begun when Israel started an air strike against the Gaza Strip on Dec. 27. This was after a six-month truce between Israel and Hamas had run out and Hamas had resumed rocket attacks against Israel. Israel's said its aim was to stop Hamas' rocket attacks on Israel from and arms import into the territory. Israeli forces attacked military targets, police stations and government buildings. Hamas intensified its rocket and mortar attacks against Southern Israel, reaching the major cities of Beersheba and Ashdod for the first time. An Israeli ground invasion began on January 3, 2009. The war ended on January 18, when Israel first declared a unilateral(one-sided) ceasefire, followed by Hamas' announcing a one-week ceasefire twelve hours later. Israel completed its withdrawal on January 21. The conflict resulted in between 1,166 and 1,417 Palestinian and 13 Israeli deaths.

Peugeot 406

The Peugeot 406 was a car produced by Peugeot. It replaced the 405 in 1995 with an estate and coupe models added in 1997, facelifted in 1999 and in 2004 it was replaced by the 407.



RZA

Robert Diggs (born July 5, 1969) is an American rapper and producer, as well as a member of the hip-hop group Wu-Tang Clan, better known by his stage name, RZA. He was a member of Gravediggaz. He was known as Rzarector. This is a pun on 'resurrector'. RZA has written two books.

RZA started his music career in 1991 when he released the EP "Ooh I Love You Rakeem".


Jordan Staal

Jordan Staal (born September 10, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He is regarded as one of the NHL's premier penalty-killers, both for his strong defensive skills, along with his scoring touch that makes him a threat for shorthanded goals. He has also played for the Pittsburgh Penguins for 6 seasons before he was traded to the Carolina Hurricanes during the 2012 NHL Entry Draft on June 22, 2012.




Fox Sports Digital Media

Fox Sports Digital Media, formerly known as News Corp. Digital Media and Fox Interactive Media, is a subsidiary of Fox Sports Media Group which operates Fox Sports' online properties in the United States.

Napoleon and Tabitha D'umo

Napoleon Buddy D'umo (born October 17, 1968) and Tabitha A. D'umo (née Cortopassi born September 11, 1973), also known as Nappytabs, are husband and wife choreographers who are often credited with developing the new style of hip-hop dance known as lyrical hip-hop. They have been working together in the dance industry since 1996 and are best known for their choreography on the TV show "So You Think You Can Dance". They were nominated for a 2009 Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography for their work on the fourth season of the show. Napoleon and Tabitha were also supervising choreographers on MTV's "America's Best Dance Crew" for the first five seasons.

Napoleon and Tabitha started their career in Las Vegas while they were still in college choreographing industrial musicals for large businesses. After moving to Los Angeles, they began teaching hip-hop dance classes and choreographing for professional basketball and football dance teams including the Orlando Magic and the Dallas Cowboys. Their career improved to choreographing music videos, commercials, movies, television shows, and concerts. Napoleon and Tabitha have worked with entertainers such as Missy Elliott, Celine Dion, Kanye West, Ricky Martin, and Jennifer Lopez. They have also choreographed for Cirque Du Soleil. In addition to choreography and teaching classes, they direct concert tours and live events and have their own dance clothing line called "Nappytabs".

While growing up in Victorville, California, Napoleon learned how to dance by traveling to Los Angeles and spending time with b-boys; he was eventually cast as an extra in the movie "Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo" in 1984. After graduating from Apple Valley High School, Napoleon joined the US military and was sent to Germany. After he was discharged from the military, he attended the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV) where he majored in molecular biology. In college, Napoleon started taking jazz dance and modern dance classes. He eventually received a full scholarship as a member of the university's dance team.

Tabitha grew up in Galloway, New Jersey. Her mother enrolled her in jazz dance classes when she was young. Since there were no hip-hop classes, Tabitha learned by watching music videos and participating in her high school's cheer and dance teams. She names Michael Jackson, Janet Jackson, and Paula Abdul as influences. After graduating from Absegami High School, Tabitha moved to Nevada to attend UNLV where she majored in communications and started taking hip-hop dance classes. It was there that she met her future husband Napoleon.

Tabitha and Napoleon started their professional partnership in 1996 while still in college as part of the dance company Culture Shock. During their time with Culture Shock, they choreographed a variety of industrial musicals—musicals performed for the employees of a business to motivate/entertain—for companies such as Nike, Levi, Redken, Matrix Hair, and MAC. Although Tabitha was planning to take a job in public relations and Napoleon was planning to attend medical school, they both decided when they graduated college to pursue a career in the dance industry.

Napoleon and Tabitha have choreographed for sports teams, movies, television, and for the stage. They have choreographed for NFL and NBA dance teams including the Dallas Cowboys, Denver Broncos, Chicago Bulls, and Orlando Magic. Some of the celebrities they have worked with include Sean Kingston, Jennifer Lopez, Carrie Underwood, Celine Dion, Missy Elliott, Destiny's Child, and Timbaland.

Napoleon and Tabitha were supervising choreographers for "America's Best Dance Crew" from season one in 2008 to season five in 2010. Also in 2008, Napoleon and Tabitha joined the choreography team on Fox's "So You Think You Can Dance" (SYTYCD). It was on this show that their lyrical hip-hop style gained popularity. The term "lyrical hip-hop" was created by SYTYCD judge Adam Shankman when he commented on a routine choreographed by Napoleon and Tabitha to Leona Lewis' song "Bleeding Love".

This routine was later nominated for a 2009 Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography. In an interview with DanceInforma.com Tabitha stated that they do not create choreography without a story because the story determines the movement and the feeling they want to show: "We listen to the song over and over and over and finally we find that skeleton and then we can start preparing some steps."

In April 2009, Napoleon and Tabitha choreographed three dance routines for the second season of "So You Think You Can Dance Australia". SYTYCD Australia judge and choreographer Matt Lee called their "Dead and Gone" lyrical hip-hop routine the best routine of the season. Later that year in September, Napoleon and Tabitha choreographed the opening dance performance on the season seven premiere of The Ellen Degeneres Show. The performance featured both DeGeneres and the top 10 dancers from season five of "So You Think You Can Dance".

In February 2010, Tabitha and Napoleon choreographed Cirque Du Soleil's "Viva ELVIS" show at the Aria Resort & Casino in Las Vegas. In July, they choreographed a hip-hop routine for Seattle Theatre Group's 12th Annual "DANCE This" concert. In September, they choreographed a pilot episode for another dance television show called "MOBBED". The following year, "MOBBED" expanded to a series and Tabitha and Napoleon choreographed another ten episodes.

Napoleon and Tabitha spend a lot of time teaching classes at dance studios and conventions—regional educational events hosted by professional dancers. They have taught hip-hop dance at Millennium Dance Complex, the Edge Performing Arts Center, Xtreme Dance Force, Shock the Intensive, Coastal Dance Rage, iHollywood, and Monsters of Hip Hop dance conventions. They were guest instructors at Project 818 in Moscow, Russia and judges at the 2009 Australian Hip Hop Championships in Sydney.

Most of Napoleon and Tabitha's work is in choreography and teaching but they have also provided creative direction for tours and live events. Creative directors are responsible for the design, vision, and theme of a show. In 2006 and 2007, they served as assistant creative directors for Christina Aguilera’s "Back to Basics Tour" and for Ricky Martin’s "Black and White Tour". In 2008, they were assistant creative directors for Celine Dion's "Taking Chances Tour" and Kanye West’s "Glow in the Dark Tour". They were the lead creative directors for "Monsters of Hip Hop: The Show", the "So You Think You Can Dance Tour", and "America's Best Dance Crew Live".

In 2009, they directed the second "So You Think You Can Dance Tour" and in 2010 they directed the Jabbawockeez' "MÜS.I.C" (muse-i-see) show at the MGM Grand Las Vegas hotel and casino. In 2013, Tabitha and Napoleon directed a new show for the Jabbawockeez called "PRiSM".

Napoleon and Tabitha have their own line of dance clothing line called "Nappytabs". "Nappytabs" is the first line of hip-hop dance clothing. They decided to create it because of the lack of appropriate dance clothing for urban hip-hop dancers. For this reason, it is only sold at selected regional dance clothing stores, major dance conventions, online through the "Nappytabs" official website, and at their only retail location and dance studio in North Hollywood.

In 2007, Tabitha was the host of an exercise DVD titled "Drop it with Dance".
The video is split into six 10-minute routines that gradually increase in difficulty; movements from all six routines are combined in the finale "Showtime" segment. Tabitha also appeared in "Rock Your Body", a dance/fitness DVD hosted by choreographer and creative director Jamie King who is known primarily for his work with Madonna.

Napoleon and Tabitha appeared in the dance documentary "MOVE". The movie is about dance as an art form and how notable choreographers were able to go from dancing as a hobby to dancing as a career. There are over fifty dance professionals who appear in this movie including director and choreographer Kenny Ortega.

In 2009, Tabitha and Napoleon were nominated for an Emmy Award for the lyrical hip-hop routine "Bleeding Love" that they choreographed on season four of "So You Think You Can Dance". On September 10, 2011, they won an Emmy Award for three routines they choreographed on season seven—"Scars", "Fallin'", and "Outta Your Mind". Three months earlier, "Entertainment Weekly" magazine made a list of the "25 Best Performances Ever" on the show. Tabitha and Napoleon choreographed four routines on the list.

On July 3, 2013, Tabitha and Napoleon won a Dancers' Choice Award for their work on the television shows "Mobbed", "American Idol", and "So You Think You Can Dance". The same month, they were nominated for another Emmy Award for three routines they choreographed on season nine of "So You Think You Can Dance": "Love Cats", "Beautiful People", and "Call Of The Wild".

On August 17, 2014, they won their second Emmy Award for their work on season ten of "So You Think You Can Dance".

 Tabitha and Napoleon choreographed Ellen's "Outta Your Mind" performance on the season seven finale episode in 2010.<br>


Audi Q5

The Audi Q5 is an SUV produced by Audi since 2008. It is based on the platform of the Audi A4 and has permanent allwheel drive, called "quattro".



Suica

The Suica is a card that people can use to pay for train fares and goods at convenience stores in mainland Japan, as well as other store types and regions. Cash amount can be added or removed electronically, simply by hovering the card over a card reader. It is convenient and faster to use than coins and bills, and magnetic stripe cards. The technology used is called RFID, and a chip by Sony is used, called FeliCa.

Jared Staal

Jared Staal (born August 21, 1990 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently with the Charlotte Checkers of the American Hockey League. He is the younger brother of Eric Staal of the Carolina Hurricanes, Marc Staal of the New York Rangers, and Jordan Staal of the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Attabad Lake

Attabad Lake (sometimes called Gojal Lake) is a lake in Hunza Valley in northern Pakistan. The lake was created by a landslide which happened in the village of Attabad on 4 January 2010. The landslide killed twenty people. It blocked the flow of the Hunza River for five months.

The flooding caused by the blockage covered the Karakoram Highway. Six thousand people had to move from upstream villages. Another 25,000 people had to stay where they were because roads were blocked. It inundated over of the Karakoram Highway.

By the first week of June 2010, the new lake was long and over deep. At that time, it flowed over the landslide dam, completely submerging lower Shishkat and partly flooding Gulmit. The subdivision of Gojal has the greatest number of flooded buildings, over 170 houses and 120 shops. The residents also had shortages of food and other items due to the blockage of the Karakoram Highway.
By June 4 water outflow from the lake had increased to 3700 cu ft/sec.

Fastest lap

In motorsport, the fastest lap is the quickest lap run during a race. Some series, like A1 Grand Prix and the GP2 series, award bonus points to the driver/team with the fastest lap. Formula One awarded one point to the driver that set the fastest lap until 1960. 

In Grand Prix motorcycle racing, which includes the 80cc, 125cc, 250cc, 350cc, and 500cc/MotoGP classes, no point is awarded for the fastest lap. Giacomo Agostini holds the current record for the most fastest laps with 117. Valentino Rossi, who still actively races in MotoGP, is in second place with 83 fastest laps.

In Formula One, 120 different drivers have made fastest race laps. German driver Michael Schumacher has made the most number of total fastest laps with 76. He is followed by Frenchman Alain Prost with 41 and by Finnish driver Kimi Räikkönen with 35. Argentine Juan Manuel Fangio and Brazilian Nelson Piquet both had 23 fastest laps, the most for South Americans.

Informed consent

Informed consent is the right of a citizen who will undergo medical treatment or care to know about the kind of treatment or service that will be provided by the doctor as well as the procedures involved. It also includes the right to refuse any treatment or care without prior approval.
Informed consent is part of the medical ethics to avoid medical abuse or accidents. It has been admitted as one of the human rights in some international agreements, and also in the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.

Ali Baba

Ali Baba (, "ʿAli Bāba") is a fictional character, who is described in the adventure tale of "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves". It is believed by some critics that this story was added to "One Thousand and One Nights" by one of its European translators, Antoine Galland, who is an 18th-century French orientalist who may have heard it in oral form from a Middle Eastern story-teller from Aleppo. However, another writer and scholar Sir Richard Francis Burton said it was a part of the original "One Thousand and One Nights". Most Arab and Persian (Irani) scholars seem to also agree with Burton.


Bullitt

Bullitt is a 1968 American thriller movie that was produced by Philip D'Antoni and Robert E. Relyea and directed by Peter Yates.

The movie won and has been nominated for many awards including:




Mercedes-Benz Grand Prix results

These are the complete Grand Prix racing results for Daimler Benz AG, the official name of the works Mercedes-Benz team, including Formula One.

 After Von Brauchitsch's car retired from the race, he took over Fagioli's car.<br>

 Constructors' Championship not awarded until .

Jump to: 2000 2010

Akon

Aliaune Damala Badara Akon Thiam (; born April 16, 1973), known mononymously as Akon, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, and entrepreneur. Akon began his career as a singer-rapper, with his big break arriving in 2004 with the release of the singles "Locked Up" and "Lonely." Both songs achieving great success, leading up to an album deal with Universal Motown. In the 2010s, Akon branched out onto philanthropy (Akon Lighting Africa), property development (Akon City in Senegal), television/movie production, politics, and others. 

He grew up in Senegal but at age 7, his family settled in New Jersey. His father, Mor Thiam was a successful jazz percussionist. Soon after moving back to the United States, Akon discovered hip-hop for the first time. Akon has collaborated with and produced for some of the biggest names in the music industry.

Akon has been nominated for many awards including 5 Grammy Awards, 3 American Music Awards winning 1 and 4 MTV Video Music Awards. "Billboard" ranked Akon number 6 on the list of Top Digital Songs Artists of the decade.

Akon had been friends with Michael Jackson until his death. Akon released a tribute song called "Cry Out Of Joy". In 2010, a song that Akon sung with Jackson, "Hold My Hand", was released. It was also released on "Michael".

R&B star Akon entered the Congo Mining sector in a Joint Venture with a State owned company in accordance to Times Live in January 2021. 


Thích Quảng Đức

Thích Quảng Đức (1897 – June 11, 1963) was a Vietnamese Buddhist monk. He was born in Hội Khánh, French Indochina. He committed suicide by burning himself to death while sitting in a street in Saigon. He was protesting the South Vietnam's government and Catholic president Ngô Đình Diệm's persecution of Buddhists. Pictures of him burning spread around the world, and made more people know about the Buddhist crisis.

Because of Quảng Đức's protest, Diệm said that he was going to change how the government acted towards Buddhists. However, Diệm did not, so Buddhists kept protesting. The ARVN Special Forces (a group in the Vietnamese army) attacked many Buddhist pagodas in South Vietnam. They took Quảng Đức's heart, and killed many people. Many Buddhist monks were inspired by Quảng Đức, and also burned themselves to death. The Buddhist crisis ended when Diệm was killed in a coup in 1963.

When he was born, Quảng Đức was named Lâm Văn Túc. He had six siblings. When he was seven, he left Hội Khánh to study Buddhism. His teacher, Thích Hoằng Thâm, took care of him. Lâm Văn Túc changed his name to Nguyễn Văn Khiết. When he was 20, he became a monk, and was renamed to Thích Quảng Đức. After becoming a monk, he went to live in a mountain in Khánh Hòa. He lived there as a hermit for three years. Later in his life, he came back to the mountain to make a pagoda.

After being a hermit for three years, he left the mountain. Quảng Đức traveled around central Vietnam teaching people about the dharma. After two years, he went into retreat at a pagoda near Nha Trang. In 1932, he became an inspector (someone that makes sure rules are being followed) for the Buddhist Association in Ninh Hòa. He later became an inspector for monks in Khánh Hòa, the province where he was born. While he was in central Vietnam, he helped build 14 temples. In 1934, he moved to southern Vietnam and taught people about Buddhism. He later went to Cambodia for two years to learn about Theravada Buddhism.

After he came back to Vietnam, he helped build 17 more temples. After building these temples, Quảng Đức became a leading member of the Congregation of Vietnamese Monks. He also became the abbot (Buddhist temple leader) of the Phuoc Hoa pagoda.

About 70 to 90 percent of people in South Vietnam were Buddhist. However, the country's president, Ngô Đình Diệm, was Catholic. He made many laws that made things easier for Catholics, such as being promoted in the military and getting land. Many officers in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam became Catholic so they could still be officers. When village militias in South Vietnam were given weapons, they were only given to Catholics. Some Buddhists in the army were not promoted unless they became Catholic.

Some Catholic priests had their own armies. Some of them made people become Catholic and destroyed pagodas. The government did not do anything about this. Some Buddhist villages became Catholic so that the government could help them. Catholics did not have to do corvée (unpaid) work, which the government made everyone else do. When the United States gave money to South Vietnam, Diệm gave most of it to Catholic villages.

The Catholic Church was the largest landowner in South Vietnam. The Vatican flag was shown at all major events in South Vietnam.

Many Buddhists got very angry when the government did not let them show the Buddhist flag in Huế on Buddha's birthday. Earlier, the government let Catholics show the Vatican flag at an event for Ngô Đình Thục, an archbishop. A large group of Buddhists protested this, and marched while showing Buddhist flags on Buddha's birthday. Government soldiers shot at the group, and killed nine people. Diệm said that the Viet Cong were the ones who killed the protestors. This led to more Buddhist protests.

On June 10 1963, United States journalists in South Vietnam were told that "something important" would happen the next day in front of the Cambodian embassy in Saigon. Most of the journalists did not do anything, because the Buddhist crisis had been going on for a month. The next day, only a few journalists went to the Cambodian embassy. Quảng Đức came to the embassy as a member of a Buddhist parade. Around 350 monks and nuns were in the parade, and they were led by a car. They had signs with words in Vietnamese and English that said Diệm's laws against Buddhists were bad. They wanted religious equality.

The parade stopped, and Quảng Đức came out of the car with two monks. One of them put a cushion on the road in front of the embassy, and another got a five-gallon can of gasoline from the trunk of the car. Quảng Đức sat on the cushion in lotus position, and the gasoline was poured onto him. He rotated a string of prayer beads in his hands, and then used a match to light himself on fire. Flames went around his entire body, and a thick black smoke came off of him.

Quảng Đức's last words were in a letter. He wrote that Diệm needed to have religious equality in South Vietnam to keep the country strong. He also wrote that other Buddhists should "make sacrifices to protect Buddhism".

The people who watched the protest were mostly silent, but some cried and prayed. Many of the monks and nuns from the parade laid on the ground around Quảng Đức while he burned. Some of the police officers who were sent to control the crowd also did this.

A Buddhist monk repeated the words "a Buddhist priest burns himself to death. A Buddhist priest becomes a martyr." into a microphone in English and Vietnamese. After arond 10 minutes, Quảng Đức's body fell onto its back. Once the fire stopped, a group of monks covered the body with robes. They picked it up and put it into a coffin, then carried it to Xá Lợi pagoda in the center of Saigon. Outside of the pagoda, students showed banners that said "a Buddhist priest burns himself for our five requests" in English and Vietnamese.

At 1:30 p.m., around 1,000 monks met inside of the pagoda. Outside, a large number of students blocked anyone else from going inside. After the meeting ended, 900 of the monks left. The police stayed near the pagoda. At around 6:00 p.m., thirty six Buddhists were arrested for praying on the street outside of the pagoda. Police officers blocked anyone from going inside of the pagoda.

After the protest, the United States wanted Diệm to give the Buddhists want they wanted. After Quảng Đức died, Diệm had meetings about the Buddhist crisis with all of his ministers. United States Secretary of State Dean Rusk told the United States embassy in Saigon that the U.S. government would not "associate itself" with Diệm's government if the Buddhists were not given what they wanted. On June 16, the Joint Communiqué was signed. This was an agreement between Buddhist leaders and South Vietnam.

Quảng Đức's funeral was supposed to be on June 15. However, the funeral was postponed after 4,000 people came to it. On June 19, his body was carried to a cemetery 16 kilometers south of Saigon. His body was cremated, and 500 monks came to the funeral.

When he was cremated, Quảng Đức's heart did not burn. This was thought to be holy, and the heart was put in Xá Lợi pagoda. Because of this, many Vietnamese Buddhists say Quảng Đức is a "bodhisattva", and call him Bồ Tát Thích Quảng Đức. On August 21, the ARVN Special Forces attacked Xá Lợi and other pagodas. They wanted to take Quảng Đức's ashes, but two monks took the ashes and ran away. The Special Forces took Quảng Đức's heart.

Vietnamese monks had burned themselves to death before Quảng Đức. Buddhists had been doing it for centuries to honor Gautama Buddha. In 1948, a monk in Harbin, China burned himself to death. He was protesting how Mao Zedong and Chinese communists treated Buddhists. His heart did not burn, in the same way that Quảng Đức's heart did not burn.

Malcolm Browne, an American journalist, took pictures of Quảng Đức burning himself to death. They were quickly put on the front page of many newspapers worldwide. The protest is thought of as a major point of the Buddhist crisis, and the start of Diệm's government failing.

Diệm's newspaper, "The Times of Vietnam", said many bad things about journalists and Buddhists. The newspaper wrote stories named things such as "Monks plot murder". Diệm also said that Browne gave Quảng Đức money to burn himself.

After Quảng Đức's protest, five more monks burned themselves in the Buddhist crisis. On November 1, Diệm's government was overthrown by a coup. Diệm and his brother Ngô Đình Nhu were killed on November 2.


Storms of My Grandchildren

Storms of My Grandchildren is the first book written by climate scientist James Hansen.

Hansen says that the burning of fossil fuels is changing our climate and that the earth is in danger. Millions of species, and humanity itself, are threatened. The title of the book, "Storms of My Grandchildren", refers to the extreme weather events "that will greet the next generation if the unmitigated use of fossil fuels continues".

Hansen states that we immediately need to "reduce atmospheric carbon dioxide to at most 350 ppm in order to avoid disasters for coming generations". He says that we need to reduce coal plant emissions, and improve forestry and agricultural practices.

"Storms of My Grandchildren" has been reviewed in "Nature, the Los Angeles Times", "Science", and "Cosmos".

James Hansen is director of the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies and is often called the "father of global warming".

Star of Bethlehem

The Star of Bethlehem, also called the Christmas Star, is a star in the Bible and Christian tradition that let the Magi know that Jesus was born, and later helped them go to Bethlehem. According to the Gospel of Matthew, the star made the magi travel to Jerusalem. There they met King Herod of Judea, and asked where the king of the Jews had been born. Herod's advisors said that the Messiah would be born in Bethlehem, a nearby village, because of a prophecy in the Book of Micah. While the magi were going to Bethlehem, they saw the star again. The star stopped above the place where Jesus was born. There, the magi saw Jesus with his mother, worshipped him and gave costly presents to him. They then returned to their "own country".

Christians usually think of the star as a miraculous sign to show the birth of the Christ. Astronomers have thought of many different explanations for the star. A nova, a planet, a comet, an occultation, and a conjunction (planets coming together) have all been suggested.

Some scholars say that the story is not historically right and that the star was not real.

The Star of Bethlehem is a well-loved subject at planetarium shows during Christmas, but the Bible seems to suggest that the magi visited Jesus at least several months after he was born. The visit is usually celebrated on Epiphany (January 6) in Western Christianity and on Christmas (December 25) in Eastern Christianity.

The Gospel of Matthew says that Magi (usually translated as "wise men", but probably meaning here "astronomer" or "astrologer") came to the court of Herod in Jerusalem and told the king of a star which marked the birth of the King of the Jews:
Now after Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judea in the days of Herod the king, behold (see), wise men from the East came to Jerusalem, saying, "Where is He who has been born King of the Jews? For we have seen His star in the East" [or "at its rising"] "and have come to worship Him." When Herod the king heard this, he was troubled, and all Jerusalem with him. And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together, he inquired of them (asked) where the Christ was to be born.
Herod was "troubled"–not about the star, but because a "king of the Jews" had been born. He understood that this meant the Messiah. The Messiah was a leader of the Jewish people, and had been spoken of in Old Testament prophecies. So he asked his helpers where the Messiah would be born. They replied that the Messiah would be born in Bethlehem, the place where King David was born, remembering what the prophet Micah had said. The king told this to the magi.
Then Herod, when he had secretly called the wise men, determined from them what time the star appeared. And he sent them to Bethlehem and said, "Go and search carefully for the young Child, and when you have found Him, bring back word to me, that I may come and worship Him also." When they heard the king, they departed (went away); and behold, the star which they had seen in the East went before them, till it came and stood over where the young Child was. When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceedingly (very) great joy.
Matthew suggests that the magi knew from the star that the "king of the Jews" had already been born even before they entered Jerusalem. They gave Jesus gold, frankincense, and myrrh as presents. The magi were told in a dream not to go back to Jerusalem. So, they "left for their own country by another road". When Herod found out that he had been tricked, he ordered all male children in Bethlehem who were 2 or younger to be killed. Joseph was warned in a dream to escape. He took his family to Egypt to be safe. The Gospel connects the escape to a verse from the Old Testament, which is seen as a prophecy: "Out of Egypt I called My Son." The Old Testament verse was about how the Hebrews went away from Egypt, led by Moses. Because of this, the quote seems to suggest that Matthew thought that Jesus' life was like the story of the Jewish people. Judea could have symbolized Egypt and Herod represented pharaoh. After Herod died, God called Joseph and his family back from Egypt, and they settled in to Nazareth in Galilee.

One way to interpret the Star of Bethlehem is to find the year in which Jesus was born. Matthew wrote that Jesus was born when Herod was king. According to Josephus, Herod died shortly after a lunar eclipse. This lunar eclipse is often thought of as the eclipse of March 13, 4 BC. Those who ruled after Herod used coins showing that they dated their rules as beginning in 4 BC. Because of this, it is mostly thought that Herod died that year. However, some still disagree with this idea.

From long ago, many people believed that the movements of the stars were connected with the things that happened on earth. Miracles were often thought to happen at the same time important people were born.

The Star of Bethlehem is traditionally linked to the Star Prophecy in the Book of Numbers:

By the time the Gospels were written, it was thought by many people that it was about the coming of a Messiah. For example, Josephus quoted it (though he thought it was about Emperor Vespasian).

Paintings and other works of art about the magi's visit may include the star. In the fresco by Giotto di Bondone, it is in the shape of a comet. In a tapestry about the Magi, designed by Edward Burne-Jones, the star is held by an angel.

Christmas songs often describe the Star of Bethlehem. For example, "We Three Kings" has the words:

O star of wonder, star of light,<br>
Star with royal beauty bright,<br>
Westward leading, still proceeding,<br>
Guide us to thy perfect light.<br>

Immortal Technique

Felipe Andres Coronel (born February 19, 1978 in Lima, Peru) is an American rapper better known by his stage name Immortal Technique. 

Immortal Technique's lyrics are usually about politics and racism.



Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives

Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives is an American food reality television show created by Guy Fieri. It is shown on the Food Network and follows American cook Guy Fieri as he searches for America's best diners, drive-ins and dives.

Kiddieland Amusement Park

Kiddieland Amusement Park was an amusement park located just west of Chicago at the corner of North Avenue and First Avenue in Melrose Park, Illinois. It was home to several classic rides including the "Little Dipper" roller coaster, which opened in 1950. The park closed on September 27, 2009, at 8 PM, and demolished in 2010 to make way for a new Costco store.

Kiddieland started out as a small venture of Arthur Fritz in 1929 when he purchased six ponies and offered rides as an escape for parents reeling from the Great Depression. Miniature gasoline-powered cars were added a few years later after Fritz learned that they were being given away to children by a Chicago newspaper as a subscription promotion.

In 1940, the "German Carousel", two Miniature Steam Locomotives, the "Little Auto Ride", the "Roto Whip" and the "Ferris Wheel" were added. The latter two lasted until the park's closing. The park saw its first major expansion in the 1950s with the addition of the Little Dipper and the Carousel, of which both still exist today. Bumper cars were added in the 1960s as they replaced the original pony ride.

The park transferred ownership in 1977, as Arthur Fritz's grandchildren took over the park and its operation. The park continued its expansion and installed several major attractions, including a Log flume, a swinging pirate ship, a long water coaster, and numerous other attractions.

A dispute developed between Shirley and Glenn Rynes, who own the land that Kiddieland occupies, and Ronald Rynes, Jr. and Cathy and Tom Norini, who own the amusement park itself. The landowners sued the park owners in 2004, claiming that the park had an improper insurance policy and that fireworks were prohibited in the lease. The case was thrown out in a Cook County court and later in an appeals court. The landowners declined to extend the lease on the land in early 2009. In late June 2010, it was announced that Kiddieland would be demolished, nine months after the park closed to the public. A Costco store will be built in its place.

The Litter Dipper was designed by Herbert Schmeck and built by the Philadelphia Toboggan Company in 1950. The brakes are operated manually by a wooden handle in the station. The out-and-back coaster is tall and travels a course of . It was awarded the ACE Coaster Classic award by the American Coaster Enthusiasts.
Six Flags Great America in Gurnee, Illinois bought the ride in November 2009 at a Kiddieland auction. They paid $33,000 for the ride equipment at the auction.


Monmouth

Monmouth is a small town in south-east Wales. It is about 2 miles from the border with England. It is the county town of Monmouthshire, and just under 9,000 people live there. The River Wye and the River Monnow meet in Monmouth.

The Romans built a small fort there called "Blestium", but few people lived in the area after the Romans left. Eventually, the Normans built a castle by the River Monnow, after they conquered England in 1066. Monmouth grew in the Middle Ages, with a priory church, and a market street (now called Monnow Street). This street ran between the castle and a fortified bridge across the river, which is the only fortified bridge of its type in Britain. King Henry V of England was born in Monmouth Castle in 1387, but the castle itself was mostly knocked down after the Civil War in the seventeenth century.

Monmouth was well known at one time for producing Monmouth caps - a sort of woollen headgear worn by soldiers, sailors and others. It also became famous at the end of the eighteenth century, when people such as Admiral Nelson, and many poets and painters, came to visit the beautiful Wye valley nearby. The town also has a famous public school, Monmouth School, which was started in 1615.

In 1840, an important trial took place in Monmouth, of Chartists who had protested that more people should be allowed to vote in elections. One of the first makers of cars in Britain, Charles Rolls who founded Rolls Royce, was born just outside the town. He was killed in an airplane crash in 1910 at the age of 33; there is a statue of him in the town centre.

The town is known for its schools and its many shops, as well as for the services that it provides for its surrounding area. The hills around Monmouth are covered with woodland and farms. Monmouth is linked by the A40 road to the M4 motorway at Newport and the M50 at Ross-on-Wye. The town is twinned with Carbonne, France and Waldbronn, Germany.

In 2011, MonmouthpediA was set up as the first Wikipedia project to cover a whole town.

Franklin (TV series)

Franklin is an American children's animated television series produced by Nelvana, Big Bang Digital Studios, LuxAnimation and Alphanim and In Assassction With Nickelodeon Animation Studio. It originally airs on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. block in the United States and is based on the children's book series. In the United States, the program aired on Nick Jr. for the first, the second, the 3rd, the 4th, the 5th and the 6th seasons in 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2023. In the United Kingdom, the series got a British dub using an American voice actors by Nelvana using a British with a British accents by The Character Development and The Sound Company Ltd. on Channel 5 and Milkshake! in 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2023. Only the first, the second, the 3rd, the 4th, the 5th and the 6th seasons were dubbed. In 2029, a new series called "Franklin and Friends" was introduced by Nelvana.


The show aired on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. block and later aired on Noggin and its successor, Nick Jr. channel. It has been taken off the air in the United States, but is still shown in several countries.
The British dub of the American show in the same year on Channel 5 and Milkshake! for Seasons 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 respectively in 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2023 instead of the original American version on Nelvana, Nickelodeon, Nick Jr. and Noggin in 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2023. 
When it comes to this particular dub, while a lot of the original American voices by Nelvana remained intact and some of the characters were re-dubbed to have a British with a British accents in the British dub by The Character Development and The Sound Company Ltd.. In addition, all the words are pronounced in the American pronunciations were redubbed given British pronunciations. Judy Marshak, 
Shirley Douglas and Janet-Laine Green reprising their roles as the 3 female narrators from the first, the second, the 3rd, the 4th, the 5th and the 6th seasons of the original.


Johnny Cage

Johnny Cage is a fictional character in the "Mortal Kombat" games for video game consoles.

He was portrayed in games by Andrew Bowen and played by Linden Ashby in the 1995 movie.

Twinkie

A Twinkie is a golden sponge cake which has a creamy filling. It was made by James A. Dewar in 1930, and is made by Hostess. 

The Twinkie was originally filled with banana cream inside but switched to a vanilla cream taste during the Second World War when bananas were rationed. Twinkies have around 150 calories (627.6 kJ) in each bar. Twinkies have a cookbook and it has over 60 recipes. They can also be deep-fried, like the deep-fried Mars bar. 

Twinkies also have a mascot called "Twinkie the Kid" which is an anthropomorphized Twinkie.

1) Banana Twinkies

2) Glazed Twinkies Mini Cakes 

3) Twinkies Chocodiles

4) Chocolate Cake Twinkies

5) Chocolate Creme Twinkies

6) Chocolate Peanut Butter Twinkies

7) Mixed Berry Twinkies

8) Peppermint Twinkies

9) Pumpkin Spice Twinkies

10) Strawberry & Creme Twinkies

11) Cotton Candy Twinkies

12) Lemonade Stand Twinkies

13) Mint Chocolate Twinkies

14) Ogre Green Creamy Filling

15) Orange Crème Pop Twinkies

16) Red, White & Blue! Twinkies

17) White peppermint Twinkies

18) Twinkies Cereal

19) Strawberry Twinkies

Ryan Getzlaf

Ryan Getzlaf (born May 10, 1984) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre. He played 17 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played his entire NHL career for the Anaheim Ducks. He served as the captain of the Anaheim Ducks from 2010 until his retirement in 2022.

Before playing in the NHL, Dubnyk played 4 years with the Calgary Hitmen of the Western Hockey League (WHL). During his time with the Hitmen, he was named to the WHL East first All-Star team in 2003–04 and the WHL East second All-Star team in 2004–05.

Getzlaf also played for Team Canada, winning a gold medal with them at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.

On April 5, 2022, Getlaf announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey at the end of the season. On April 24, 2022, Getzlaf played his final game in the NHL in a 6-3 loss to the St. Louis Blues.


Big Pun

Christopher Rios (November 10, 1971 – February 7, 2000) was an American rapper better known by his stage name Big Pun. Big Pun rose to fame when he met rapper Fat Joe in 1995 and appeared on Fat Joe's album "Jealous Ones Envy". Big Pun has a DVD movie titled "Big Pun: The Legacy". It is about his life and has interviews with many rappers such as Snoop Dogg, Xzibit and DMX talking about Pun's impact on their lives.

Big Pun died on February 7, 2000 in White Plains, New York from a massive heart attack. At the time of his death, he weighed 698 pounds (317 kg). He was Puerto-Rican.

Ángel Sánchez (infielder)

Ángel Luis Sánchez (born September 20, 1983 in Humacao, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican baseball player. He plays Shortstop for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball (MLB).

Sánchez has formerly played for the Kansas City Royals from 2006-10, the Boston Red Sox and was then traded by the Red Sox to the Houston Astros for Kevin Cash.


John Scott

John Howard Scott (born September 26, 1982) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman/winger. He played for the San Jose Sharks, Minnesota Wild, Chicago Blackhawks, New York Rangers, and Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League.

Scott formerly played for the Minnesota Wild for 2 seasons, the Chicago Blackhawks for 2 seasons and the New York Rangers for 4 games. On July 1, 2012, he signed a one-year deal with the Buffalo Sabres. He was re-signed to a $750,000, one-year contract extension by the Sabres on May 20, 2013. Scott played college hockey with the Michigan Tech Huskies. 

On July 2, 2014, Scott signed one-year, $700,000 contract with the San Jose Sharks.

Kevin Cash

Kevin Forrest Cash (born December 6, 1977 in Tampa, Florida) is an American baseball manager for the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball (MLB). He previously played catcher for the Boston Red Sox, Houston Astros, New York Yankees, Tampa Bay Devil Rays, and Toronto Blue Jays.


Armor for Sleep

Armor for Sleep was an American alternative rock band. They formed in 2001 in New Jersey and disbanded in 2009 because of being inactive and not undertaking a tour for over a year. The members of the group were Ben Jorgensen, the singer, who also played the rhythm guitar, PJ DeCicco, who played the guitar, Anthony DiIonno, who played the Bass guitar and Nash Breen, who played the guitar. 




Haralson County, Georgia

Haralson County, Georgia is a county in the state of Georgia. Its county seat is Buchanan. As of 2020, 29,919 people were living in the county.


List of Formula One World Championship points scoring systems

This is a Formula One World Championship scoring system used by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). The FIA uses this system to decide the FIA World Drivers' and Constructors' Championships since the season. The Championships are awarded to the driver and constructor (car builder) who score the most points over the course of the season.

From through , a championship point was awarded to the driver (and team starting in ) that set the fastest lap.

In some seasons, not all race results would be counted towards the World Championship. Only a certain number of a driver's best results would count. In this caused a very unusual result. Alain Prost and Ayrton Senna were the drivers for McLaren. They were the best two drivers of that year. There were 16 races that year, but only the best 11 results counted towards the championship. Prost won seven races and finished seven races in second place. He scored a total of 105 points, but only 87 of them counted for the championship. Senna won eight races and finished second in three, giving him 90 points for the championship and 94 for the season. This resulted in the strange event where Prost took a record number of points, yet Senna won the champion. A new system counting all races was introduced in . One additional point was also awarded to the race winner.

The current system was introduced for the season. It was designed to allow more teams and drivers to score points. 

The most dominant Drivers' Champion in terms of points scored is Jim Clark. Clark scored the maximum of 54 points (6 wins) in both 1963 and 1965. In recent years, Michael Schumacher finished on the podium (one of the top three finishers) in every race of the 2002 season. Schumacher scored 144 of a maximum 170 points. The most dominant Constructors' Champion in recent times was McLaren in 1988. McLaren scored 199 of a maximum 240 points available. McLaren finished 134 points ahead of the second place team. In , Ferrari scored 221 points of a maximum 340 points available. Ferrari finished 129 points ahead of the second place team.

Hank Bassen

Henry "Hank, Red" Bassen (December 6, 1932 – May 29, 2009) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender that spent most of his NHL career as a back-up goalie playing for the Chicago Black Hawks, Pittsburgh Penguins and Detroit Red Wings.

Bassen had cancer. He died of a heart attack.

Bremen, Georgia

Bremen, Georgia (originally named Kramer, and was later changed to honor Bremen, Germany) is a city in the county of Haralson County in the state of Georgia. It has a population of 7,185, as of 2020.

Bad Lieutenant

Bad Lieutenant is a 1992 American crime drama movie starring Harvey Keitel in the title role as a New York City police detective. The movie is rated NC-17, though an R-rated version of the movie exists. It was directed by Abel Ferrara. Also appearing in the movie are Zoe Lund and Victor Argo.

Mur de la peste

The Mur de la peste or plague wall was built in the Vaucluse Mountains to stop the spread of the plague. Between 1720 and 1722, there was an epidemic in the Provence and in Marseille. The wall is built of dry stone, and was about 27 km long. Today, a part of the wall still stands, near Murs. Along the wall, there were watchtowers for guardposts.

Simply Bird

Simply Bird (), by the Thai recording artist, "Thongchai McIntyre", is his fifteenth studio album. On November 26, 2007, the album was released by GMM Grammy.

Mostly songs in this album are smooth, some speed. Further various such as R&B, hip hop, pop/rock


Melaleuca leucadendra

Melaleuca leucadendra is a tree known as the weeping paperbark. It belongs to the "Melaleuca" genus. It is found in the northern parts of Australia (Western Australia, the Northern Territory and Queensland). It is also found further north in the Solomon Islands and in New Guinea. 

"Melaleuca leucadendra" is similar to the broad-leaf paperbark ("Melaleuca quinquenervia"), which has a thick spongy bark. However, "M. leucadendra" has brighter green
foliage a slightly weeping habit.

"Melaleuca leucadendra" also has the common name 'Cajuput tree', from the Malay word "kayu putih" – meaning "white wood". Cajuput oil can be got from its leaves.

Royal Rumble (2010)

Royal Rumble (2010) was the twenty-third annual Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on January 31, 2010 at the Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia. As always, the Royal Rumble match winner got a match at that years WrestleMania, (in this instance: WrestleMania XXVI) for his choice at either the WWE Championship, the World Heavyweight Championship and the ECW World Championship.

Six professional wrestling matches were on the event's supercard, a scheduling of more than one main event. The main event was the annual 30-man Royal Rumble match which featured wrestlers from all three brands. Edge, the twenty-ninth person to enter, won the match by last eliminating John Cena, the nineteenth person to enter. The main match on the Raw brand was for the WWE Championship between champion Sheamus and Randy Orton, which Sheamus won by disqualification. The main match on the SmackDown brand was between The Undertaker and Rey Mysterio for the World Heavyweight Championship, which The Undertaker won. The main match on the ECW brand was for the ECW Championship between Christian and Ezekiel Jackson, which Christian won.

Red ██ and "Raw" indicates a Raw superstar, blue ██ and "SD" indicates a SmackDown superstar, and purple ██ and "ECW" indicates an ECW superstar.

Silverstone Circuit

Silverstone Circuit is an English motor racing circuit next to the Northamptonshire villages of Silverstone and Whittlebury. Nearly half of the circuit is across the Northamptonshire boundary in Buckinghamshire. The closest large towns are Northampton and Milton Keynes. It is best known as the home of the British Grand Prix, which it first hosted in 1948 and which has been held on the circuit every year since 1987. The circuit is also home to the BRDC International Trophy, awarded to the winner of a race for historic F1 cars at the annual Silverstone Classic meeting.

Silverstone Circuit is built on the site of RAF Silverstone, a World War II Royal Air Force bomber station. RAF Silverstone opened in 1943.

Silverstone was first used for racing by a group of friends who set up their own race in September 1947. Maurice Geoghegan, lived in Silverstone village and was knew that the airfield was deserted. He and eleven other drivers raced over a two-mile circuit. Geoghegan's car ran over a sheep and killed it. The car was beyond repair. This informal race became known as the "Mutton Grand Prix".

The next year the Royal Automobile Club leased the airfield and set-up a more formal racing circuit. Their first two races were held on the runways, with long straights and tight hairpin corners. For 1948, it was decided to switch to the perimeter track. This arrangement was used for the and British Grands Prix. Several small changes were made in the track before the track underwent a major redesign after the race.

Following the deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at the San Marino Grand Prix, many Grand Prix circuits were modified in order to reduce speed and increase driver safety. The entry from Hangar Straight into Stowe Corner was modified in 1995 so as to make its entry less dangerous and less challenging. The high speed Abbey kink was changed to a chicane in just 19 days before the Grand Prix.

Silverstone has suffered with bad traffic delays on race days. The traffic problem was improved when the A43 Silverstone bypass was built. When the race date was moved to April in 2000] heavy rain turned the fields used for parking into mud pits, causing severe problems for the spectators trying to park. On F1 race day many spectators travel to the circuit by helicopter. Silverstone Heliport is the busiest airport in the UK for this day.

Silverstone is the current home of the British Grand Prix, which it first hosted in 1948. The British Grand Prix at Silverstone was the first race in the newly created Formula One World Championship. The race rotated between Silverstone, Aintree and Brands Hatch from 1955 to 1986. In 1987 the rotation stopped and the race stayed at Silverstone.

In 2004, Silverstone was in danger of losing the Grand Prix. There was even the possibility that the British Grand Prix would not be run in 2005. In December an agreement was reached with Formula One Silverstone would host the British Grand Prix until 2009. Starting in 2010 Donington Park would become the new host of the British Grand Prix. Then the Donington Park leaseholders ran into economic problems. A new deal with Formula One resulted in a 17-year deal to hold the British Grand Prix at Silverstone.

The Dunlop MSA British Touring Car Championship withdrew the track from its calendar in 2007. Strong demand brought the series back to Silverstone for the 2008 BTCC calendar. Silverstone also hosts rounds of the FIA GT, British Superbikes, British F3, British GT and Le Mans Series championships as well as many club racing series. It is also host to the UK's only 24-hour car race, the Britcar 24, which is gaining in popularity, having first started in 2005.

It has in the past hosted exhibition rounds of the D1 Grand Prix both in 2005 and 2006. The course makes use of both Brooklands and Luffield corners to form an S-bend – a requirement in drifting. The section is currently used to host a European Drift Championship round. The Course also hosts the Formula Student Competition by the iMeche yearly.

In 2010 Silverstone hosted its very first Superleague Formula event.

Both the FIM and Silverstone agree the circuit needs to be remodeled for motorcycle racing. The riders are concerned over the closeness of the bridge at Bridge corner.

On 22 January 2010 it was confirmed that Silverstone would host the British round of the 2010 Superbike World Championship season. The race was moved after Donington Park was deemed "un-raceable".

Like most racing circuits around the world, the Silverstone Circuit has a number of different layouts. The layouts offer different lengths and complexity.


Lovely Rita

"Lovely Rita" is a song by The Beatles performed on the album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", written and sung by Paul McCartney, although as with all McCartney-written Beatles songs it is credited to Lennon/McCartney. It is about a female parking attendant and the narrator's love for her.

The term "meter-maid" was largely unknown in the UK prior to the song's release. It is American slang for a female traffic warden, now officially known by the gender-neutral term parking attendant. According to some sources, the song emanates from when a female traffic warden named Meta Davis gave a parking ticket to McCartney outside Abbey Road Studios. Instead of becoming angry, he accepted it with good grace and expressed his feelings in song. When asked why he had called her "Rita", McCartney replied, "Well, she looked like a Rita to me".

Recording began on 23 February 1967. Using a four-track recorder, this first performance featured Harrison's guitar on track 1, Lennon's guitar on track 2, Ringo's drums on track 3, and McCartney's piano set on track 4. The band later added lead vocal, bass, and a three-part backing vocal section. By 21 March, the final mono mix was completed and a month later, the stereo mix was done.

The unusual noises during the song after the lines "and the bag across her shoulder/ made her look a little like a military man" were John Lennon, Paul McCartney, and George Harrison playing comb and paper. Mal Evans was sent to Abbey Road's lavatories to get toilet paper (which was stamped with the words, "PROPERTY OF EMI"). This was used to cover hair combs, which they blew through to sound like a kazoo orchestra.

Pink Floyd watched the Beatles recording "Lovely Rita". It is rumored that "Lovely Rita" influenced the song "Pow R. Toc H." found on their first album, "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn".

Shawn Phillips has said in an interview that he performed background vocals on the track.



Cali

Cali (official name, Santiago de Cali) is the capital of Valle del Cauca department in Colombia and the third most populated city in the country, after Bogotá and Medellín. Like other department capitals, it is home of the Valle del Cauca Governance, Departmental assembly, The Court of Justice, and other official institutions.

Santiago de Cali was founded in 1536 and although is one of the oldest cities in America, only until the 1930s accelerated its development to become one of the major economic and industrial centers of the country and the main urban center, cultural, economic, industrial and agriculture of southwestern of Colombia.

The city has a compound name in the fashion of almost all Spanish settlements in America. Santiago (one of the most popular names on the continent thanks to the devotion of Santiago de Compostela in Spain), lives up to the Apostle Santiago. Cali was founded 25 July, the day which marks the date of the Apostle Santiago, principal patron of Europe. So given this name to the city. Cali, derived from the word of the Páez language, "Caly" (Knitting). Like many others placements of the department. Ej: "Buga" (Large clay pot), "Yumbo" (Flood, river bank, large river.), "Sonso" (Frog), "Dagua" (A type of tree), "Petecué" (Macaw), "Tulua" (Orchad), "Chipichape" (Cooked corn kernels), "Yotoco" (fans the flame), "Quilichao" (Flame sheds), "Changos" (Chisel).

Santiago de Cali is one of the oldest cities in Colombia, and the Americas. Its foundation dates back to 1536 by the conquistador Sebastian de Belalcazar (one of the indigenous genocide of the time), to just three years after the foundation of Cartagena de Indias (1533), two years before the foundation of Santa Fe de Bogotá (1538) and 26 years of the founding of the first Hispanic population on the continent: Santa María la Antigua del Darién (1510), missing.

The city is located at coordinates ((coord | 3 | 27 | 00 | N | 76 | 32 | 00 | W)), in the department of Valle del Cauca. Geographically Cali is in the valley of the Cauca River, the second largest in the country. At the height of Cali this valley is 35 km wide and the urban area is on the west side of river. The western part of the city is guarded by the famous Farallones de Cali, which are part of the Cordillera Occidental of the Colombian Andes.

The municipality of Cali bordered to the north with Yumbo and La Cumbre, in the northeast by Palmira and east to Candelaria. To the south is the municipality of Jamundí, rural areas of Buenaventura in the southwest, and Dagua to the northwest.

The city is flat with an average elevation of 1,000 m. Cali is situated besides a focal and strategic point: to the west (approximately 100 km) is connected with the port of Buenaventura on the Pacific coast, and northeastern industrial center that conforms to Yumbo the Metropolitan Area of Cali. The city is a step in addition to the Pan-American Highway and therefore a must from Colombia to the Ecuador.

The main river of the city and the department is the Cauca River, the part of the municipality comes from the mouth of the river Jamundí to the border between Cali and Yumbo. The Cauca is a sinuous on his way through the department of Valle, 40 miles sailed in the municipality, advanced only 26 km south-north after multiple meanders.

The climate is tropical savanna. The Western Cordillera blocks of moist air fronts from the Pacific Ocean although it is notable that the sea breeze comes to town. The Western Cordillera has 2,000 m average altitude in the north of the city and reached the 4,000 m in the south, this makes in the city the southwestern region that is more rainy than Northwest. The average annual precipitation ranges from 900 mm in the drier areas to 1,800 mm in wetter areas, with 1,000 mm average over most of the metropolitan area of Cali. The average temperature is 26 °C (79 °F) with a minimum average of 19 °C (66 °F) and a maximum average of 34 °C (93 °F). Dry seasons are December to March and July to August and the rainy season from April to June.

The location in the Cauca Valley, the climate and terrain, make the city an area of great natural wealth. The confluence of rivers and other water sources make the region a natural output of crops such as sugar cane and animal breeding.

As for minerals, although Valle del Cauca is not a metal region, in the city of Cali there are several coal mines in formations called Guachinte and Ferreira, in the south and north of the urban area. In the northern part of the urban area, extending to Yumbo is open pit mining for construction materials.

Cali have a great number's of Universities and Knowledge Centers, that make the city one of the principal centers of education in the country.

The principal university in cali, is the Universidad del Valle (Univalle), University of Valley, Public institution founded in 1945, serves a demand of 29 000 students in undergraduate and graduate (8000 in the regional headquarters), at the headquarters of Cali, 20 800 are undergraduates and 2380 graduate and doctoral programs. It is the leading research and academic center of southwestern Colombia. It has the largest library in the region with 628 569 copies (307 514 books). is among the best national universities and South America.

Other universities in the city:
Icesi University, Pontifical Javeriana University, Autonomy University of Western, Saint Buenaventura University, Santiago de Cali University, and many others technical and technological institutes.

Functional group

In organic chemistry, a group of specific atoms, or a specific arrangement of atoms, can form a functional group. These groups determine the way a compound behaves physically and chemically.


Good Morning Good Morning

"Good Morning Good Morning" is a song written by John Lennon (credited to Lennon/McCartney) and performed by The Beatles on the 1967 "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" album.

Inspiration for the song came to Lennon from a television commercial for Kellogg's Corn Flakes. The jingle went: "Good morning, good morning, The best to you each morning, Sunshine Breakfast, Kellogg's Corn Flakes, Crisp and full of fun".

The line ""It's time for tea and Meet the Wife"" refers to a BBC sitcom, "Meet the Wife".

The track was recorded on 8 February 1967, with overdubs (extra music that's recorded into the song) on 16 February (bass and vocals), 13 March (brass section), 28 March (backing vocals and guitar solo), and 29 March (animal noises). The guitar solo was played by Paul McCartney.

At Lennon's request, George Martin brought in Sounds Incorporated to play the brass section with their signature saxophone sound.

Lennon asked engineer Geoff Emerick to arrange the animal noises heard at beginning as well as the end of the song so that the animal heard was one capable of devouring or frightening the animal that came before it.

The final sound effect of a chicken clucking was so placed that it transforms into the guitar on the following track, "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise)".

In the mono version, the length is 2:35, whereas in the stereo version, the length is 2:41 because there are more animal noises.



A Day in the Life

"A Day in the Life" is a song by the English rock group The Beatles. It is the last song on the group's 1967 album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". It is a very famous song.

Many people think that the first verse was written about the death of Tara Browne, the 21-year-old heir to the Guinness fortune and close friend of Lennon and McCartney, who had crashed his Lotus Elan on 18 December 1966 when a Volkswagen pulled out of a side street into his path in Redcliffe Gardens, Earls Court. In many interviews, Lennon said this was the verse's main inspiration. However, George Martin thinks that it is a drug reference (as is the line "I'd love to turn you on" and other passages from the song) and while writing the lyrics Lennon and McCartney were imagining a stoned politician who had stopped at a set of traffic lights.

The description of the accident in "A Day in the Life" was not a literal description of Browne's fatal accident. Lennon said, "I didn't copy the accident. Tara didn't blow his mind out, but it was in my mind when I was writing that verse. The details of the accident in the song — not noticing traffic lights and a crowd forming at the scene — were similarly part of the fiction."

The final verse was inspired by an article in the "Daily Mail" in January 1967 regarding a substantial number of potholes in Blackburn, a town in Lancashire. However, he had a problem with the words of the final verse, not being able to think of how to connect "Now they know how many holes it takes to" and "the Albert Hall". His friend Terry Doran suggested that they would "fill" the Albert Hall.


Maks Ćatović

Maks Ćatović (born October 9, 1950 in Despotovac, Serbia, fomer Yugoslavia) is a movie producer who used to be the President of Komuna Belgrade, Serbia. 

From 1985 he is owner and CEO of Komuna, working for movies including "Underground" Palme dOr winner (2005) and "Black Cat, White Cat" Silver Lion winner in Venice (2008). 

Catovic worked as a concert promoter for bands who were performing in Serbia and Montenegro, including Luciano Pavarotti, Madonna, AC/DC, Sting, and Metallica.



Climbing harness

A climbing harness (or simply harness) is used by rock climbers. It is used to secure the climber to a piece of rope. It is one of the basic parts of the rock climbing equipment.

There are different types of harnesses.

Alcester

Alcester is a Roman market town in Warwickshire, England. It is about 8 miles west of Stratford-upon-Avon. In 2001, 6,214 people lived there.

The River Alne joins with the River Arrow at Alcester.


Aldeburgh

Aldeburgh is a coastal town in the English county of Suffolk. It is on the Alde river.

Many people take a weekend trip to Aldeburgh. One of the main attractions is Moot Hall. Other attractions include a Napoleonic era defensive fort (known as a Martello tower), a sheltered yachting marina, and two Fish and chips shops


Computer vision syndrome

Computer vision syndrome or CVS is when someone's sight goes blurry because they have been looking at a computer screen for too long.

Sometimes, simply changing a work environment to have better ergonomics is all that needs to be done to reduce eye strain and other vision problems related to CVS. In some cases, a good pair of computer eyeglasses may help someone see better at the right distance range needed for looking at a computer screen.

A way of preventing CVS is to take breaks while using computers.

McLaren Grand Prix results

The table below details World Championship Grand Prix results for the McLaren Formula One team. The second table includes results from privately owned McLaren cars in World Championship Grands Prix.

Jump to: 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010


<nowiki>^</nowiki> Points total includes points scored by private entries.

Dale Jarrett

Dale Arnold Jarrett (born November 26, 1956) is a retired American racecar driver. Jarret used to drive in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. He won the 1999 Winston Cup championship and the 1993 Daytona 500. Jarrett has been called one of NASCAR's 50 greatest drivers. Jarrett retired in 2008 and now does Commentary for NBC. His father is NASCAR legend Ned Jarrett.

2007 Formula One espionage controversy

The 2007 Formula One espionage controversy, also known as "Spygate," or "Stepneygate" involves claim that the teams passed confidential technical information. It was claimed that McLaren Formula One had information from the Ferrari team. Then it was claimed that Renault F1 had information from the McLaren team.

The case involved Nigel Stepney, who used to work for Ferrari and was working at the time for McLaren. It also included Mike Coughlan, who was working for McLaren and his wife Trudy Coughlan. Ferrari claimed that Stepney stole confidential technical information. This became the subject of legal action in Italy and an FIA investigation. The case in England was dropped after Ferrari reached an agreement with the Coughlans.

The FIA penalized McLaren. The biggest penalty was that McLaren excluded (not allowed to compete) from the Constructors' Championship. They were also fined a record-breaking $100 million (USD).

Then the FIA claimed Renault F1 had information about the 2006 and 2007 McLaren cars. Renault were found guilty of breaking the same regulation as McLaren, but Renault was not punished.

Nigel Stepney was working at Ferrari with Jean Todt, Ross Brawn and Rory Byrne. Michael Schumacher was their superstar driver. They were part of the team given the credit for changing the of fortunes of Ferrari in the late 1990s. 

In February 2007, Stepney said he was unhappy with some management changes made at Ferrari. On 3 July 2007, "Gazzetta dello Sport" reported that Ferrari had fired Stepney as a result an internal investigation. 

The same day Ferrari fired Stepney, they announced taking action against an engineer from McLaren, later named as Mike Coughlan. Coughlan was suspended by McLaren as a result. Court details released say that Mike Coughlan is accused to be in possession of Ferrari documentation, and that his wife is accused of photocopying them.

On 8 November 2007, the FIA announced that the Renault F1 team would be need to answer a charge of possession of confidential information relating to the 2006 and 2007 McLaren Formula One cars. The statement issued by the FIA states that Renault F1 was found to have information used by the 2006 and 2007 McLaren F1 cars. 

On 6 July 2007, Honda Racing F1 released a statement confirming that Stepney and Coughlan approached the team regarding "job opportunities" in June 2007. Honda said that no confidential information had been offered or received.


Lithium oxide

Lithium oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiO. It contains lithium and oxide ions.

Lithium oxide is a white solid. It is a strong base. It is corrosive when dissolved in water. Lithium oxide dissolves in water to make lithium hydroxide. It reacts with acids to make lithium salts. It reacts with carbon dioxide to form lithium carbonate. Lithium carbonate is much less corrosive. It makes a red color in a flame.

When lithium is burned to air, it forms lithium oxide. This reaction also makes lithium nitride. It can also be made by heating lithium peroxide.

It is used as a flux in glazing ceramics. It can be used in scientific research. It could also be used in lithium ion batteries.

Lithium oxide is very corrosive. It reacts with water to make lithium hydroxide. It is toxic because of its strong alkalinity (being a base).


Lithium carbonate

Lithium carbonate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiCO. It contains lithium and carbonate ions.

Lithium carbonate is a white solid. It dissolves in water, although not as much as sodium carbonate. It reacts with acids to make carbon dioxide. It can react with carbon dioxide temporarily to make the bicarbonate. lithium carbonate is basic in nature.

It can be made by mixing lithium oxide or lithium hydroxide and carbon dioxide.

Lithium is extracted from two main sources: pegmatite crystals and lithium compounds from brine pools. It is also found in the rare mineral zabuyelite.

Lithium carbonate is used in various medications for treating bipolar disorder. It is also used in fireworks to make a bright red color. It is used in processing metal oxides. It can be used to make glass. It is used to glaze ceramics. It can also be used to dry cement. It is used in making lithium ion batteries. It is used in carbon dioxide detectors. It is also used make the cathodes of most lithium-ion batteries, which are made from lithium cobalt oxide.
Lithium carbonate is somewhat toxic. It is a base, and reacts with strong acids.


Lithium chloride

Lithium chloride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiCl. It contains lithium and chloride ions.

Lithium chloride is a colorless solid. It makes a bright red color in a flame. It absorbs water, unlike other alkali metal chlorides. It also dissolves more easily in water than other alkali metal chlorides.

Lithium chloride can be made by igniting lithium and chlorine, but it is difficult because the reaction is violent. This makes the anhydrous (without water attached) form. Another way is mixing lithium oxide, lithium hydroxide, or lithium carbonate with hydrochloric acid. This makes the hydrate (water attached to the molecule). The hydrous form can be dried to the anhydrous form by heating it with hydrogen chloride gas.

Lithium chloride is used to make lithium metal. Lithium chloride is melted and electrolyzed. This makes liquid lithium metal. It is used to dry air. It is also used as a flux for aluminium. It can be used in making organic compounds. It can be used to color flames red.

Lithium chloride is somewhat toxic. It was going to be used as a salt substitute but people found that it is toxic. It affects the central nervous system.


Oxidation state

The oxidation state (or oxidation number) of an element is used to predict what sort of chemical compounds form.

For example, if you put hydrogen and oxygen together, they form HO, and not HO because the oxidation number of oxygen is −2, which means that we need two +1 hydrogens for the numbers to balance.

You can look up the oxidation state(s) of an element on many periodic tables. They are usually between −2 and +3.

Oxidation states were invented by Antoine Lavoisier to predict how oxygen reacted in chemical reactions; hence the name. Later on, we learned that Lavoisier's theory can be used to predict other reactions too, many of them have nothing to do with oxygen.

In ionic compounds, oxidation states tell us about the movement of charge within the compound. For example, chlorine has a very high electronegativity which means that it really likes electrons and sodium has a very low electronegativity which means that it really hates electrons. When sodium and chlorine are close together, sodium will give away an electron to chlorine. A change in charge has taken place; chlorine's charge has gone down which we call reduction, and sodium's charge has gone up which we call oxidation.

Oxidizing agent

Oxidizing agent can have two meanings. It can be a chemical that releases oxygen atoms. For example, potassium chlorate has a chemical formula of KClO. When it oxidizes a reducing agent, such as powdered aluminium metal, it loses its oxygen to the aluminium and becomes potassium chloride, KCl. 

Another definition is a chemical that accepts electrons from a reducing agent. For example, potassium permanganate has an oxidation state of +7. In an acid solution, it gains 5 electrons (e). It becomes a manganese compound with an oxidation state of +2. Most oxidizing agents of the second definition have oxygen, but not all. For example, fluorine (F) does not have any oxygen in it. It is also the most powerful oxidizing agent. When it acts as an oxidizing agent, it gains an electron to transfer from an oxidation state of 0 to an oxidation state of -1. 



Reducing agent

A reducing agent is a chemical that gives away electrons to another chemical compound, the oxidizing agent. For example, zinc is a reducing agent. When it reacts with an oxidizing agent, it gives up two electrons, changing its oxidation state from 0 to +2. All chemical elements have an oxidation state of 0.



Reduction (chemistry)

Reduction is a chemical reaction that involves the gaining of electrons by one of the atoms involved in the reaction between two chemicals. The term refers to the element that accepts electrons, as the oxidation state of the element that gains electrons is lowered. 

An example of a reduction is when iron reacts with oxygen, forming iron oxides such as those called rust. The iron is oxidized and the oxygen is reduced. This is called redox. A blast furnace reverses that reaction, using carbon monoxide as a reducing agent to reduce the iron.


Electroplating

Electroplating is the coating of an object with a metal. It is done by immersing the object and a bar of the metal in a solution containing the metal ions. Electric current is then applied; the positive goes to the metal and the negative goes to the object. The metal bar dissolves in the solution and plates out on the object, forming a thin but durable coating of metal. It is often used to gold-plate objects for decoration or to stop corrosion. Normally the metal becomes fragile, and is only used for display.

Potassium hydroxide

Potassium hydroxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KOH. It contains potassium and hydroxide ions.

It is a white powder. It dissolves easily in water to make a basic solution. It is corrosive to skin. It reacts with acids to give potassium salts. It is less common than sodium hydroxide. About 700,000 tons are made each year. It is hygroscopic, meaning that it absorbs water from the air and forms a solution. It is very hard to get the water out again. It releases heat when it is dissolved in water, similar to sodium hydroxide. It gradually reacts with carbon dioxide in the air to form potassium carbonate. It melts easily. It feels greasy when it gets on the skin because it makes soap from the fat in your skin. It is made when potassium reacts with water. 

It is made by electrolysis of a potassium chloride solution. It can also be made by reacting calcium hydroxide with potassium carbonate. The calcium carbonate precipitates and is filtered, leaving potassium hydroxide.

It is used to make soap. It is also used in organic chemistry. It can be used to make fertilizers and other potassium compounds. It is used to make diesel from plants. It is used in alkaline cells and nicads as an electrolyte. It can be used to identify mushrooms.


Elverta, California

Elverta is an unincorporated community northwest of Sacramento, California. It was named after Elverta Dike, whose husband donated property to a nearby church. It is in Sacramento County, California. The postal code of the city is 95626. In 2020 there were 5,435 people living in Elverta. Elverta is about from Sacramento, California, miles from Rio Linda, California, from Roseville, California, and from Antelope, California.

It was named after Elverta Dike, whose husband donated property to a nearby church. The community of Elverta/Rio Linda is on the part on the land grant of Rancho Del Paso of 1844. In 1910, a company named Fruit Land Company of Minneapolis got of the grant and in 1912 the area was splited with Elverta and Rio Linda.

Elverta is an unincoporated community and it is part of the Sacramento metropolitan area; the metropolitan area including Sacramento (State capital and County seat of California), also Arden-Arcade and Roseville.

Elverta is at (38.723216, -121.45452)

According to the United States Census Bureau, the unincorporated community has a total area of 8.8 square miles (22.9 square kilometers).


Elena Kagan

Elena Kagan (born April 28, 1960) is an American lawyer and judge. She is a United States Supreme Court Justice. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on August 5, 2010. She is one of four women on the court. Kagan is the only Supreme Court Justice who had never been a judge before becoming a Justice. Before being a Justice, she was Solicitor General and dean of Harvard Law School. Kagan was born and raised in New York City and is Jewish.

Sonia Sotomayor

Sonia Sotomayor (born: June 25, 1954) is a United States Supreme Court justice. She has been on the Court since 2009, and was on a lower court before that. When on the lower court, she ended the 1994 baseball strike. She is the first and only Latina (hispanic women) on the Court. Sotomayor is Puerto Rican and is from the Bronx.

Sotomayor was born in New York City to parents who were from Puerto Rico. As a child, she was interested in reading the Nancy Drew series and other detective stories. She had a rough childhood since her alcoholic father died when she was nine. Throughout her time in high school and at Princeton, Sotomayor was a charismatic and inspirational leader. She graduated Princeton with a history degree, went to Yale University to study law and then served as a U.S District Court judge and judge for U.S Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.


Suzanne Collins

Suzanne Collins (born 1962) is a writer from the U.S. state of Connecticut. She is known for writing in the fantasy and science fiction genre.

Collins started her writing career in 1991. She wrote for some television series. Later she wrote a couple of picture books and a five part series called "The Underland Chronicles". In 2008, Collins published the first book of the science fiction trilogy, "The Hunger Games". Soon after her publications of "The Hunger Games", this trilogy became a series of movies.

In 2003, Collins published the first book of her five book series called "The Underland Chronicles". The books in the series are "Gregor the Overlander", "Gregor and the Prophecy of Bane", "Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods", "Gregor and the Marks of Secret", and "Gregor and the Code of Claw".

In 2008 she published the science fiction novel "The Hunger Games". This was the first part of a trilogy. The other two books are "Catching Fire" (2009) and "Mockingjay" (2010). The first book was a "New York Times" best seller. It was named in "Publishers Weekly"'s "Best Books of the Year" in 2008. Lions Gate Entertainment made a movie of the book. The movie received positive reviews from Stephen King and Stephenie Meyer. The first movie was released in 2012. It became very popular. Lions Gate Entertainment decided to make movies of the two other books. "" (the movie) was released in 2014. The first part of the movie "" came out in late 2014.

In 2013, Collins published the book "Year of the Jungle".



Calcium chloride

Calcium chloride is a chemical compound made of calcium and chlorine atoms. It has the formula of CaCl. It absorbs water from the air and releases heat when it is dissolved in water. It is used as a de-icer on roads to melt the ice. It can be formed by mixture of calcium oxide with hydrochloric acid, but this produces a version that is hydrated (has water molecules attached to it). The anhydrous (no water molecules attached) form is needed most of the time. Calcium chloride is melted at a high temperature and electrolyzed to produce calcium metal.

Bob Probert

Robert Alan Probert (June 5, 1965 – July 5, 2010) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. Probert played a total of 1,016 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Detroit Red Wings and the Chicago Blackhawks. Probert was known for being a fighter and enforcer, as well as being one half of the "Bruise Brothers" with teammate Joey Kocur, during the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Probert retired from playing ice hockey in 2002 to join the Blackhawks radio broadcasting team. He finished his career fourth on the NHL's all-time list with 3,300 penalty minutes notched.

After his retirement, Probert ran into drug and legal problems. On February 05, 2003, he entered rehab to try and beat his addiction. He was arrested on June 4, 2004 after he allegedly parked his BMW SUV on the wrong side of the street and got into an altercation over drugs with bystanders. Many police officers got involved and Probert had to be subdued with a taser and stun guns.

On July 5, 2010, while boating on Lake St. Clair with his children, father-in-law, and mother-in-law, Probert experienced "severe chest pain" and collapsed. His father-in-law Dan Parkinson, the Cornwall, Ontario, chief of police, attempted CPR to save his life. He was taken to Windsor Regional Hospital's Metropolitan Campus and was pronounced dead. His funeral services were held July 9, 2010, in Windsor, Ontario. It was attended by many of his former teammates and rivals including Dino Ciccarelli, Tie Domi, Gerard Gallant, Doug Gilmour, Stu Grimson, Joey Kocur, Brad McCrimmon, Darren McCarty and Steve Yzerman, as well as the Red Wings general manager Ken Holland and owners Mike and Marian Ilitch. His eulogy was delivered by Yzerman. His brain was donated to the Sports Legacy Institute to help researchers that are studying the effects of concussions and other sports-related head injuries. In February 2011, the researchers announced at Boston University that they had found evidence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in Probert's brain.


Vampires Suck

Vampires Suck is a 2010 American parody movie directed and written by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer. It is a parody of Stephenie Meyer's series, "Twilight". The movie was be released in North America on August 8, 2010, August 26, 2010 in Australia and October 15, 2010 in the United Kingdom. "Vampires Suck" achieved $4 million at the box office.

"Vampires Suck" gained strong negative reviews:



JPEG

In computing, the JPEG file format is a file format which is used to compress digital images. The amount of compression can be changed depending on the wanted quality. If an image is high quality, it will take up a large amount of storage. If it is low quality, it will take up a small amount of storage. The JPEG file format is commonly found on the World Wide Web. The word "JPEG" is short for the Joint Photographic Experts Group which created the format. JPEG file extensions include codice_1, codice_2, codice_3 and others.

The first notable thing about JPEG compression is the way in which the colour of each pixel is stored. Each pixel of the image is assigned 3 bytes to define its colour. All three bytes can have any value from 0 to 255 and every possible combination of the three bytes stands for another colour. In most file formats, the RGB format is used for defining the colour. RGB stands for Red Green Blue. It's named this way because the first of the three bytes tells you how much red there is in the pixel's colour. The second byte tells you how much green there is in the colour and the third byte how much blue. The higher value the first byte has, the more red the pixel looks.

JPEG also uses three bytes for every pixel each, but it's using the YPP (also known as YCC) format. Here, the first byte tells us how bright the pixel is. The second byte tells us how blue the pixel is. The third byte tells us how red the pixel is. Using this colour format, the brightness is stored apart from the colour. This is useful, because we are going to compress an image. Because the human eye is better at seeing brightness than seeing colour, we can apply a greater compression to the colour bytes (the P-byte and the P-byte). Since we see brightness better, we use less compression on the Y-byte, to have the image look better after compression.

Because images are most often stored in RGB format, the first step of JPEG compression is usually to correctly change the RGB format into the YPP format.

JPEG uses cosine functions to represent an image. Therefore, we are going to talk a little bit about cosine functions. This is what a cosine function could look like: 

To have the cosine function represent the colour of a pixel, we say that the higher the value of the cosine function, the brighter the pixel. If we had a set of pixels that went bright-dark-bright, we could use the function above to define them. 

The function could also have a higher frequency. Like this:

But here's where it gets interesting. We can also create different functions by taking the average of different cosine functions. Here is what it would look like if we took the average of the above two functions:
In JPEG, DCT is applied to blocks of 8 × 8 pixels.

So far, no information has been lost in the process of compressing the image. In this step, we're filtering out information. For that reason, this is the step that lowers the quality of the image. For every block of 8 × 8 pixels, the cosine functions with high frequencies are set to 0. This means that these can no longer have any impact on how the image looks when you decompress it. 

A lot of values will now be 0, which means that this can be very easily compressed. This is done using Huffman coding. Huffman coding is the last step of JPEG compression. It is also the only step in which the data is actually compressed.

Being a computer file, a JPEG file is made of multiple bytes. One byte in hexadecimal could look like 0x01. The very first bytes of a JPEG are 0xFF, 0xD8 ("FF D8"); these bytes are named Start Of Image (SOI). The first section of bytes in a JPEG is the header; this is from FF D8 to right before the last 0xFF, 0xDA ("FF DA") bytes. The header contains data about the data and other helpful data. The next section of bytes in a JPEG is the image data; this is from FF DA to 0xFF, 0xD9 ("FF D9"). The FF DA bytes are named Start Of Scan (SOS), and the FF D9 bytes are named End Of Image (EOI).


WilliamsF1 Grand Prix results

The table below details the complete World Championship Grand Prix results for the WilliamsF1 Formula One team. The team also competed in several non-Championship Formula One races.

Jump to: 1990 2000 2010

Invertible matrix

In linear algebra, there are certain matrices which have the property that when they are multiplied with another matrix, the result is the identity matrix formula_1 (the matrix with ones on its main diagonal and 0 everywhere). If formula_2 is such a matrix, then formula_2 is called invertible and its inverse is called formula_4, with:
There are algorithms for calculating the inverse of a matrix, with Gaussian elimination being a common example. The problem is that finding the inverse is relatively "expensive" to do for big matrices. Matrix inversion is used extensively in computer graphics.


Flag of New Mexico

The Flag of the State of New Mexico has the red sun symbol of the Zia people in the middle and has a yellow background. 

In 1920, Dr. Harry Mera, an archaeologist, won a contest to design a new state flag and chose the Zia sun symbol because he was familiar with it. It was used in Zia Pueblo on a 19th century pot. There is four points in the symbol because four is a sacred number to the Zia. To the Zia, it is the Circle of Life: four winds, four seasons, four directions, and four sacred obligations. New Mexico was the 48th state and it was founded in 1912.

Pontiac Sunfire

The Pontiac Sunfire was a car produced by Pontiac from 1995 through 2005. The Sunfire succeeded the Pontiac Sunbird and was succeeded by the Pontiac G5 (a rebadged Chevrolet Cobalt). The Sunfire was also purchased in a sedan, convertible or coupe. Much like its twin the Cavalier the Sunfire also fared poor in the offset test by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.

The first Pontiac Sunfire became the successor of the Pontiac Sunbird after it got cancelled in 1990s. The Pontiac received a minor facelift in the early 2000s.

Michael Cera

Michael Austin Cera (born June 7, 1988 in Brampton, Ontario) is a Canadian actor who made his big screen debut in the 2000 movie Frequency as Gordy Jr., (Age 10) but first starred in the TV movie, Switching Goals as Taylor.

He was nominated for the Orange Rising Star Award in 2009.


Kardinal Offishall

Jason Drew Harrow (born May 12, 1976), better known by his stage name Kardinal Offishall is a Canadian rapper, record producer, DJ, and record executive. 

Offishall has won many awards including 3 Juno Awards, 4 MuchMusic Video Awards, 3 SOCAN Awards and 1 Canadian Urban Music Award.

Kardinal Offishall has released 5 studio albums and 1 EP:

Laurasia

Laurasia was a supercontinent. It had been the northern part of the Pangaea global supercontinent. Pangaea split into Laurasia and Gondwana to the south during the Jurassic period. 

Laurasia included most of the landmasses which make up today's continents of the northern hemisphere, chiefly Laurentia (the name given to the North American craton), Europe, Scandinavia, western Russia, Siberia, Kazakhstan, and China.

Laurasia's name combines the names of Laurentia and Eurasia.

Although Laurasia is known as a Mesozoic phenomenon, today it is believed that the same continents that formed Laurasia also existed as a coherent continent after the breakup of Rodinia around 1 billion years ago. To avoid confusion with Laurasia, that continent is referred to as Proto-Laurasia.

Dangerous (Kardinal Offishall song)

Dangerous is a 2008 R&B song by Kardinal Offishall and featured R&B singer Akon. The song was released March 2008 on the radio and April 1, 2008 on iTunes. The song is from Kardinal Offishall's 2008 album, Not 4 Sale. 

The song won Single of the Year at the 2009 Juno Awards and was certified 3x Platinum by the CRIA.

Justin Upton

Justin Irvin Upton (born August 25, 1987) is an American professional baseball player. He plays as a outfielder for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim of Major League Baseball (MLB). Upton has also played for the Arizona Diamondbacks, Atlanta Braves, San Diego Padres and the Detrit Tigers. He was selected first overall by the Diamondbacks in the 2005 MLB Draft and was the Youngest Player in the National League in 2007. Upton was selected in 2009 for his first All-Star selection.

On December 19, 2014, the Braves traded Upton along with Aaron Northcraft to the San Diego Padres in exchange for Max Fried, Jace Peterson, Dustin Peterson, and Mallex Smith.

Upton signed a six-year contract with the Detroit Tigers prior to the 2016 season. He was traded to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim on August 31, 2017.

Tetris DS

Tetris DS is a 2006 puzzle game that was developed and published by Nintendo and was distributed by Nintendo. It was released on March 20, 2006 in North America, April 13, 2006 in Australasia, April 21, 2006 in Europe, April 27, 2006 in Japan and July 7, 2007 in South Korea. The game has Nintendo themed levels: Balloon Fight, Super Mario Bros., Metroid, The Legend of Zelda, Donkey Kong, and Yoshi's Cookie and the game received mostly positive reviews, selling over 2.05 million copies worldwide.

"Tetris DS" has been rated very well by many top ranking sites:



Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4

Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4 is a 2002 skateboarding game that was developed by Neversoft, Vicarious Visions, Babaroga and Aspyr Media and was published by Activision. It is the fourth game in the Tony Hawk's series It was released on October 23, 2002 for the GameCube, Playstation, Playstation 2 and the Xbox and October 28, 2002 for the Game Boy Advance and August 27, 2003 for the PC in North America and November 15, 2002 for the GameCube, Playstation, Playstation 2, Xbox and November 22, 2002 for the Game Boy Advance and August 27, 2003 in the PAL region.

The fifth sequels, called "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5" released in 2015.



Potassium chloride

Potassium chloride (also known as potassium salt) is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KCl. It contains potassium and chloride ions. 

It is a colorless crystalline solid. It is not reactive. It is similar to sodium chloride. It reacts with silver nitrate to make silver chloride. It reacts with sodium metal when very hot to make potassium metal. The metals are a gas because it is so hot. It makes a pink color when heated in a flame. 

Potassium chloride is found as a mineral. The mineral is called sylvite. It is also found in sylvanite, a mixture of sodium chloride and potassium chloride.

It is taken from the ocean. It can also be processed from the mineral sylvite or sylvanite. It is made when potassium nitrate is reacted with hydrochloric acid, making nitric acid and potassium chloride. It is made when potassium burns in chlorine.

It is used to make potassium metal. Potassium chloride is heated very hot until it melts. Sodium metal is reacted with it. The sodium metal melts and boils to make sodium gas. The sodium gas reacts with the potassium chloride to make potassium gas and sodium chloride. It can be electrolyzed in a water solution to make potassium hydroxide. It is used in food processing. It can be used to execute people in a lethal injection. It is used instead of table salt sometimes. Normally it is half table salt and half potassium chloride. It can be used to extinguish fires. It was used to make packs that get hot when squeezed, but better chemicals are used now. 

Potassium chloride is toxic in very large amounts. When injected into a vein it is much more toxic.

In the United States, people sentenced to death by lethal injection have usually been executed using three different medications. Potassium chloride is the third medication. It is given after a sedative (to put the prisoner to sleep) and a medicine that paralyzes the prisoner. Potassium chloride works by speeding up the heart until it stops.

The use of potassium chloride in lethal injections is controversial. For example, one scientist who studied the three-drug combination called potassium chloride "extremely painful." United States Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer used her research to argue that lethal injection is cruel and unusual punishment. Other doctors agree that if the drugs are not given correctly, a prisoner could experience "a great deal of pain" or "excruciating [terribly painful] suffering."

However, other doctors say that lethal injection is less painful than other ways of executing people, like using an electric chair or a gas chamber. They also say that if the three drugs are given correctly, lethal injection should be pain-free. Because doctors are supposed to "do no harm", many executions are now done by people who are not doctors. Supporters of lethal injection say that mistakes, not the drugs themselves, are what cause pain.

Sodium bromide

Sodium bromide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaBr. It is made of sodium and bromide ions.

Sodium bromide is a white solid. It dissolves easily in water. When it is heated very strongly in air, it makes bromine gas. It also reacts with chlorine to make liquid bromine. 

It is made by reacting hydrogen bromide with sodium hydroxide. It can be made by mixing sodium and bromine, although this reaction is very violent. 

It was used in medicine as a hypnotic and sedative. Potassium bromide is also used for this purpose. It is used to make other bromine compounds that are organic. It was used to make silver bromide. It can be used as a disinfectant with chlorine in pools. It can be used to make dense fluids for drilling oil wells.

Sodium bromide is only toxic in large amounts, like sodium chloride.


Bromide

Bromide is the reduced form of bromine. It is an ion. It exists when another element, such as sodium, gives away electrons to bromine, turning it into bromide. The aluminium turns into an aluminum ion, and both ions bond to form sodium bromide, a chemical compound. Bromides are normally colorless and nontoxic.

Bromide can also refer to an overused saying or idiom, such as "quick as a mouse" and "big as an elephant". In writing it is recommended to use fresh expressions and not over used ones.

Iron(III) oxide

Iron(III) oxide, also known as rust, is a reddish substance, an iron oxide. It has a chemical formula of FeO. It is made by the reaction of iron with oxygen. It is found naturally in the ground as hematite, the major ore which blast furnaces use to smelt iron. It dissolves in acids. It can be mixed with fine powdered granules of aluminum in a 27:80 ratio to form thermite, a semi-explosive powder.

The iron is in the +3 oxidation state, which is what the III means. If the iron was in the +2 oxidation state, it would be iron(II) oxide.


Iron(II) oxide

Iron(II) oxide is an chemical compound composed of iron in the +2 oxidation state bonded to oxygen atoms. It easily converts to a mixture of iron and iron(III) oxide at room temperature. It is stable though when it is very hot. It is a black powder. If it gets hydrated (bonded to extra water molecules), it turns green. The green chemical, named iron(II) hydroxide, gets oxidized by oxygen to a reddish color of iron(III) oxide.


Saratoga Trunk

Saratoga Trunk is a 1945 American romance movie directed by Sam Wood and written by Edna Ferber and Casey Robinson. Flora Robson who played Ingrid Bergman's servant in the movie was nominated for a Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.



Index on Censorship

Index on Censorship is a publishing organisation campaigning for freedom of expression. It produces an award-winning quarterly magazine of the same name. It is based in London. 


Iron(II) hydroxide

Iron(II) hydroxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Fe(OH). It has iron and hydroxide ions in it. The iron is in its +2 oxidation state.

When pure, it is a white solid. It very easily turns dark green in air, which is its normal form. It then reacts with more oxygen to turn brown as iron(III) oxide is formed. It is a reducing agent. 

It can be formed by electrolysis of water with a piece of iron metal as the anode (positive connector). A green slime will appear around it, and hydrogen will be released at the cathode (negative connector). It is normally made by reacting iron(II) sulfate with sodium hydroxide.

It was being investigated as a detoxifier in wetlands. Some wetlands have toxic selenite and selenate ions in them. Iron(II) hydroxide reduces them to selenium, which is much less toxic. It is also used in the nickel-iron battery.


Jimmy Ward

James William Ward (September 1, 1906 – November 15, 1990) was a right winger in the NHL from 1928 - 1939. Jimmy Ward's son, Pete Ward, played nine seasons of professional baseball, winning TSN Rookie Of The Year honors in 1963 while playing for the Chicago White Sox.

He played his entire NHL career in Montreal. It began in the 1928 season with the Montreal Maroons. He would stay with the English Montreal team until they folded following the 1938 season. Along the way he scored 10 or more goals in 10 of 11 seasons during a time when the regular season was only 48 games long. He won the Stanley Cup in 1935. He played in the Ace Bailey Benefit Game in 1934 and the Howie Morenz Memorial Game in 1937. When the Maroons folded he joined the rival Montreal Canadiens for the 1939 season.

In 1940 he served as a player/coach of the New Haven Eagles of the IAHL. He would later serve as head coach of the PCHL's Portland Eagles and Portland Penguins.


Gary Veneruzzo

Gary Raymond Veneruzzo (born June 28, 1943) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played seven games in the National Hockey League and 348 games in the World Hockey Association. Veneruzzo played for with the St. Louis Blues, Los Angeles Sharks, Michigan Stags, Baltimore Blades, Cincinnati Stingers, Phoenix Roadrunners, and San Diego Mariners. Veneruzzo was born in Fort William, Ontario.

NHL Career ST. Louis Blues Forward 1967-68 Record

Vic Venasky

Victor William Venasky (born March 6, 1951 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player. After playing college hockey at the University of Denver, Venasky went on to play 430 games in the National Hockey League with the Los Angeles Kings. He now coaches youth hockey in Southern California.

Sodium bicarbonate

Sodium bicarbonate is baking soda, bicarb or bicarbonate of soda. It is a chemical compound, sodium hydrogen carbonate, with the formula NaHCO. The elements within it are sodium, hydrogen, carbon, oxygen. It is a white crystalline powder. 

Sodium bicarbonate is an antacid. It is sometimes used to relieve acid indigestion, a sickness caused by lots of acid in one's stomach. This was usually done by mixing sodium bicarbonate with water and drinking it. When there is too much acid, it causes heartburn, an uncomfortable feeling in the stomach. It reacts with acids to produce carbon dioxide gas. It also reacts with bases to reduce their harmful effects.

When sodium bicarbonate is heated, it releases carbon dioxide and water vapor (gas) and turns into sodium carbonate.

Baking soda is rarely found in the earth. It can be manufactured artificially, though. 

Heartburn

Heartburn is an uncomfortable feeling in the chest that happens when acids from the stomach travel up the esophagus (the tube leading from the mouth to the stomach). When stomach acids hurt the lining of the esophagus, the feeling is a symptom. 

The burning sensation is commonly called "heartburn," but it has nothing to do with the heart.

The symptom may be helped by taking antacids, such as calcium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate.



Nitrogen triiodide

Nitrogen triiodide is an extremely sensitive contact explosive. It is synthesised using ammonia and iodine. When touched, it detonates, releasing a cloud of irritating iodine vapor.

Safety data sheet

A Material safety data sheet, commonly abbreviated to MSDS, is a document for a chemical compound. It explains the hazards of the chemical and gives an overview of the chemical's properties. 


NFPA 704

NFPA 704, also known as a safety square, is a diamond-shaped sign or picture that tells people about the hazards of a chemical compound. It was designed in 1960 by the National Fire Protection Association, as a way of quickly telling firefighters and other emergency workers what kind of dangers might be nearby.

The sign is made of four smaller diamonds: a red one on top, a yellow one on the right, a white one on the bottom, and a blue one on the left. Numbers or symbols in these boxes tell how dangerous the chemical is. 

The red diamond tells how flammable the chemical compound is: how easily it catches fire. The yellow diamond tells about reactivity: how quickly the compound reacts with other materials. (For example, some chemicals, like ammonium nitrate, explode when they touch water; this is an example of reactivity.) The blue diamond tells how dangerous the chemical is to a person's health. Each of these three diamonds - red, yellow, and blue - are given a score between 0 and 4. A score of 0 means there is no danger. A score of 4 means there is the worst possible danger.

The white diamond has codes for "special hazards." For example, if a chemical like ammonium nitrate should not touch water because it will explode, a W with a line through it will be written in the white diamond.


Fluorite

Fluorite is the mineral form of calcium fluoride. It has a chemical formula of CaF where Ca stands for calcium, and F stands for Fluorine. 

Fluorite is the main source of fluorine and fluorides. It naturally fluoridates drinking water in places where it is found. It has a hardness of 5. It barely dissolves in water. Geologists have found about 9000 deposits of fluorite found on the Earth. It is mainly mined in China, Mexico and Russia. 


Fluoride

Fluoride is the reduced form of fluorine. When fluorine gains an electron by taking it from another substance (oxidizing it), it converts into fluoride. Fluoride is found in toothpaste and helps prevent tooth decay. Fluoride is added artificially to drinking water in some places and has caused a controversy over the harmful effects versus the benefits of fluoridation.


Fluoridation

Fluoridation is the adding of fluorine compounds (fluorides) to various substances, especially toothpaste and drinking water. Government officials, scientists, and doctors say that Fluoridation helps prevent tooth decay and cavities, but it also has harmful effects in larger doses, creating a controversy over whether water should be fluoridated.


Iron(II,III) oxide

Iron(II,III) oxide is a chemical compound. It can be used as an iron ore (source of a material) called magnetite. It is black and brittle. It can oxidize to red iron(III) oxide after some time. It is attracted to magnets. It is a compound that contains iron in two different oxidation states; some of the iron atoms are in a +2 oxidation state and some are in a +3 oxidation state.


Beck, Bogert &amp; Appice

Beck, Bogert & Appice was a hard rock power trio formed by Jeff Beck, Tim Bogert, and Carmine Appice. They released one studio album and one live album.

Beck, Bogert &amp; Appice (album)

Beck, Bogert & Appice is the first album by the '70s band Beck, Bogert & Appice.


Wonderwall (song)

Wonderwall is a single by the rock band Oasis. It was written by Noel Gallagher. Wonderwall comes from "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?", Oasis's second album. The song also appears on "Stop the Clocks" and "Time Flies... 1994-2009". It was the only song that reached the top 10 in America on the Hot 100 for Oasis. It also reached number 1 in four countries and reached the top 10 in 10 countries.
Noel Gallagher says the song was written about a girl he met at a concert when he was touring with Oasis.
It is said that "Wonderwall" was written for Gallagher's then-girlfriend, Meg Mathews. Gallagher now says the song was not about her, but he did say "The meaning of that song was taken away from me by the media who jumped on it. How do you tell your Mrs it's not about her once she's read it is? It's a song about an imaginary friend who's gonna come and save you from yourself."

In 2008 Liam Gallagher said this about the song: "I can't fucking stand that fucking song! Every time I have to sing it I want to gag. Problem is, it was a big, big tune for us." Noel said that Liam, "...thought we had gone too dance when I wrote 'Wonderwall' because the drums didn't go boom-boom bap, boom-boom bap." 

The song was recorded at Rockfield Studios in Wales in May of 1995. According to producer Owen Morris, the song was done in 6 to 8 hours.

In the beginning, Noel wanted to sing this song, but he gave his brother Liam Gallagher the choice, and Noel ended up singing "Don't Look Back in Anger". He later said he had only ever wanted to sing "Don't Look Back in Anger", and had used "Wonderwall" as a bargaining tool.

The music video to the song was filmed in the short period when bassist Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan quit the band due to nervous exhaustion; Scott McLeod came in to replace him.

The song won Best British Video at the 1996 BRIT Awards.


Iron(III) chloride

Iron(III) chloride, also known as ferric chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is FeCl. It has iron and chloride ions in it. The iron is in its +3 oxidation state.

Iron(III) chloride is a yellow solid. It dissolves in water to make a colloid of iron(III) oxide, making the water look muddy. When it is dissolved in an acidic solution, it is bright yellow. When it is very concentrated in a solution, it is dark brown. It is corrosive to skin and metals. It reacts with iron to produce iron(II) chloride. It fumes hydrochloric acid in moist air. It is a weak oxidizing agent. It reacts with copper(I) chloride to make copper(II) chloride. It breaks down when heated to make chlorine and iron(II) chloride.

It can be made by mixing hydrochloric acid and iron(III) oxide. It can be made by mixing iron and chlorine. It can also be made by reacting iron(II) chloride with chlorine at a low temperature.

It is used in sewage processing. It reacts with slightly basic water to make a "floc" that can remove things from the water. It used to react with copper in circuit boards; iron(III) nitrate is sometimes used too. It is used as a catalyst in making plastics. It is used in certain tests as a reagent.


Iron(II) chloride

Iron(II) chloride, also known as ferrous chloride, is a chemical compound. It is made of iron and chloride ions. The iron is in its +2 oxidation state.

It is grayish-white when anhydrous and greenish when hydrated. It is oxidized by oxygen to a mixture of iron(III) chloride and iron(III) oxide, which are brown-yellow. It dissolves in water to make a yellowish-green solution. It is a reducing agent. It reacts with bases to make greenish iron(II) hydroxide. 

It is made by dissolving iron in hydrochloric acid. It can also be made by reacting iron with iron(III) chloride. Some other reducing agents react with iron(III) chloride to make iron(II) chloride.

It does not have common uses. Iron(II) sulfate and iron(III) chloride are used more often. It is used in treating wastewater. It can be used as a reducing agent in organic chemistry. 


Iron chloride

Iron chloride may refer to either of these chemicals:


V10 engine

A V10 engine, often just called a V10, is an internal combustion engine with 10 cylinders. The engine has five cylinders on each side called banks. The two banks form a "V"-shaped angle. All ten pistons turn a common crankshaft. A V10 engine can be powered by different types of fuels, including gasoline, diesel and natural gas.

Until recently, V10s had rarely been used for road cars. A V12 runs smoother and is only a little harder to build. A V8 is easier to build and costs less to run. New technology has made the use of V10 engines more practical.

Dodge designed a V10 for use in trucks. The engine was revised and used in the Dodge Viper. Ford developed a heavy-duty V10 engine for use in their trucks. 

European car builders later adopted the V10 configuration. High power V10 engines were put into supercars from Lamborghini and Porsche. BMW and Audi then added V10s to their mid-range cars. Volkswagen developed a V10 turbodiesel engine.

The largest use of the V10 engines has been in Formula One racing. Alfa Romeo made the first modern Formula One V10 in 1986, but it was never used in a race car. Later the V10 was introduced by Honda and Renault before the season. After turbochargers were banned, the V10 engine was often used. V10 engines were the only type used from the 1998 season. V10s were banned for the season and Formula One teams started using V8 engines. 

There are other cars with V10 engines in auto racing. The most common is the Judd engine. 

Iron(II) sulfate

Iron(II) sulfate, also known as ferrous sulfate or copperas, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is FeSO. It is made of iron and sulfate ions. The iron is in its +2 oxidation state.

It is a blue-green crystalline solid when hydrated and white when anhydrous. It is a reducing agent. It reacts with oxygen in the air to produce a brown coating of iron(III) sulfate and iron(III) oxide. This coating is very corrosive. It dissolves in water to make a blue-green solution. When it is heated strongly, it breaks down into sulfur dioxide, sulfur trioxide, and iron(III) oxide. It reacts with nitric acid to make nitric oxide. It also reacts with chlorine to make iron(III) sulfate and iron(III) chloride.

Iron(II) sulfate is found as a mineral. The greenish heptahydrate is the most common. It is made when sulfide minerals like pyrite are oxidized to sulfate. 

It is made by reacting iron with sulfuric acid. This reaction makes hydrogen gas and leaves behind iron(II) sulfate. It can also be made by oxidation of pyrite, an iron sulfide material. according to Pankaj law

It is used to get the necessary iron in foods. It can reduce chromate in cement to harmless chromium compounds like chromium(III) oxide. It was also used to make ink. It can be used to color concrete. 


Iron(III) sulfate

Iron(III) sulfate, also known as ferric sulfate, is a chemical compound. It has iron in its +3 oxidation state and sulfate ions. 

It is a white to yellow to pale purple crystalline solid. It is a weak oxidizing agent. It dissolves in water to make an acidic solution.

It is found as a mixed iron(III) aluminium sulfate. This is the anhydrous form. Several hydrated forms are found, too. Much more iron(III) sulfate is found in Mars. One of the rovers that travel on Mars got stuck in a pit of iron(III) sulfate and could not get out.

It is made by mixing sulfuric acid, iron(II) sulfate, and an oxidizing agent like nitric acid or hydrogen peroxide together. It is made when iron(III) oxide reacts with sulfuric acid. It is also made when iron(II) sulfate is oxidized by exposure to oxygen.

It is used as a mordant in dyeing. It is also used to coagulate waste to remove the toxic parts. It is also used in baths to clean metals. It can be used as a pigment. It is used as an astringent in medicine. It stops bleeding.


jnk

Chromate

Chromate is an ion that contains one chromium atom (in its +6 oxidation state) and four oxide atoms. Its formula is CrO. Its overall charge is -2. Dichromate is similar, but it contains two chromium atoms and seven oxide atoms (therefore, CrO).

Chromate and dichromate are strongly oxidizing in acidic conditions, but weakly oxidizing in basic conditions. Chromates are generally bright yellow, while dichromates are generally orange or red. They can be made by reaction of chromium(III) oxide and a metal oxide in a basic environment. They can be destroyed by reaction with reducing agents. The oxygen in the air boosts the chromium atom's oxidation state from +3 to +6. 

Chromates and dichromates are harmful when powdered because the dust is carcinogenic (it can cause cancer). This can be avoided by reducing chromate with something like iron(II) sulfate.




Chromium(III) oxide

Chromium(III) oxide is a dark green chemical that has a formula of CrO. It is composed of chromium in its +3 oxidation state and oxide ions. It can react with other metal oxides in basic conditions to make chromates. It is made from chromium ore and is part of the process for making chromium metal. It was used as a pigment. It dissolves in acid to produce chromium(III) salts, such as chromium(III) chloride. Stainless steel's corrosion resistance is based on this compound. A thin layer of this compound forms on the surface of the stainless steel. It prevents the rest of the steel from oxidizing.


Chromium(III) chloride

Chromium(III) chloride is a chemical compound composed of chromium in its +3 oxidation state and chloride ions. It is green when hydrated (attached to water molecules) and purple when anhydrous (not attached to water molecules). It can be formed by dissolving chromium in hydrochloric acid or by dissolving chromium(III) oxide in hydrochloric acid. Chromium in its +3 oxidation state is much less toxic than chromium in its +6 oxidation state, such as chromates.


Mike Tomlak

Michael Richard Tomlak (born October 17, 1964 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey centre who played four seasons for the Hartford Whalers of the National Hockey League.

Tomlak was drafted 208th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft. He played 141 career NHL games, scoring 15 goals and 22 assists for 37 points.

Ralph Stewart

Ralph Donald Stewart (born December 2, 1948 in Fort William, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 251 games in the National Hockey League. He played with the Vancouver Canucks and New York Islanders.

Potassium chromate

Potassium chromate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KCrO. It has potassium and chromate ions.

It is a yellow crystalline solid. It is an oxidizing agent in an acidic condition. It is toxic though, because it contains chromium in its +6 oxidation state. It can be destroyed by reaction with reducing agents. It is very rarely found in the ground. It reacts with lead nitrate to make lead chromate, a yellow pigment. 

It is made by reacting chromium trioxide with potassium hydroxide. It can also be made by oxidation of potassium hydroxide and chromium(III) oxide.

Potassium chromate is found very rarely as a mineral. It dissolves easily in water. It is only found in very dry places.

It is used to test for chloride ions. It can also be used to make lead chromate for paint.

Potassium chromate is very toxic. It is a carcinogen. It reacts with reducing agents violently when in acid. 


Sodium chromate

Sodium chromate is a chemical compound composed of sodium ions and chromate ions. It is a bright yellow crystal chemical. It is similar to potassium chromate. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It is toxic because it contains chromium in the +6 oxidation state. It can be destroyed by reaction with a reducing agent, converting it to harmless chromium in the +3 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is NaCrO.


Clockwork radio

A windup radio is a device that uses the energy of a spring to generate electricity to power the radio. The spring receives its energy by someone winding it up from handle.


Mechanically powered torch

A mechanically powered torch is a torch that is powered by mechanical movement, such as winding a spring and using the stored energy to power it for a small amount of time. It has the advantage of not needing batteries to operate.


Alkaline battery

An alkaline battery is usually a primary cell (it cannot be recharged), but some are rechargeable. It is very common. Duracell, Rayovac, and Energizer are common brands of alkaline batteries. They were introduced in the 1960s and replaced the Leclanche battery as the "everyday battery" in the 1990s. They are marketed in many forms, such as AAA, AA, C, D, 9V, and small disc cells for watches and calculators. In the battery, zinc is oxidized by manganese dioxide in a potassium hydroxide electrolyte.


Leclanche battery

A Leclanche battery or Leclanche cell is a primary cell (it cannot be recharged). It was invented by the French engineer George Leclanché around 1866. It used to be the "everyday battery", but it has been replaced by the alkaline battery for most applications. It has much lower power than the alkaline battery, but it is cheaper to make. It is still used for low-power applications such as clocks, low-wattage flashlights, and remote controls. It is lighter than the alkaline battery and can be easily found in general stores. It is normally marketed with the label "Extra Heavy Duty" or "Super Heavy Duty" on it, meaning that some of the electrolytes have been replaced to make it longer lasting. It works by the oxidation of zinc by manganese dioxide. It has a zinc chloride or ammonium chloride electrolyte.



Electrolyte

An electrolyte is a chemical that conducts electrical current. It is used in batteries to make the ions flow, producing current. Electrolytes ionize when dissolved in suitable solvents such as water. Most soluble salts, acids, and bases are electrolytes. 

An electrolyte used in "electrolytic cells" carries the ions between the electrodes of the cell. Electrolytic cells may be used to extract constituent elements and compounds contained in the solution.

A correct concentration of electrolytes is important to physiology.


Manganese dioxide

Manganese dioxide, also known as manganese(IV) oxide, is a chemical compound of manganese and oxygen. It contains manganese in the +4 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is MnO. It is black and powdery. It is used as a depolarizer in alkaline batteries and Leclanche batteries. It is found naturally as the mineral pyrolusite.


Ironic (song)

"Ironic" is a song written by Alanis Morissette and Glen Ballard. It was produced by Glen Ballard for Morissette's third album, "Jagged Little Pill". It was released as the album's fourth single in 1996. The song received a Grammy nomination in 1997 for Record of the Year.

"Ironic" became Morissette's second number-one hit on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart in the United States. It stayed there for three weeks. The song became Morissette's highest-charting hit on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, where it peaked at number four. It is one of only two songs by Morissette to crack the top-ten on that chart, the other being "You Learn", backed with a live version of "You Oughta Know", which reached number six. Both songs were from "Jagged Little Pill". In other countries, "Ironic" wasn't as successful. It was still a moderate Top 20 hit in the United Kingdom, where it peaked at number 11. It is considered to be one of Morissette's biggest hits. The song also received critical praise at the time of its release. "Ironic" is still popular today, mainly because there are still debates surrounding the lyrics of the song, and whether the examples mentioned in the song actually qualify as being ironic.

The pop-punk band Four Year Strong covered the song in their 90's cover album "Explains It All."

Super Crazy

Francisco Pantoja Rueda (born on December 3, 1973 in Tulancingo, Hidalgo, Mexico) is an Mexican professional wrestler who is best known for the time he spent the WWE under the ring name, Super Crazy.

Super Crazy has also worked for Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and it was there where he gained American attention.

Super Crazy is currently wrestling on the Independent circuit under the organization, "Pro Wrestling Guerrilla".

Permanganate

Permanganate is an ion that contains one manganese ion in an oxidation state of +7 and 4 oxide atoms. It is a strong oxidizing agent. Permanganates are purple-black. Permanganates stain because they are easily reduced to brown-black manganese dioxide.



The Velvet Underground &amp; Nico

The Velvet Underground & Nico is the first album by American rock band The Velvet Underground. It is said to be one of the greatest albums ever made. "Rolling Stone" ranked it the 13th best album of all time. The album was produced by famous artist Andy Warhol. Some of the songs talked about drugs, prostitution and sex. They were very controversial back then that radio stations won't play any of their songs.

"All songs written by Lou Reed unless otherwise noted."



Lithium battery

A lithium battery is a long-life, lightweight, high-power battery used in watches, medical devices, camera flashes, electronic car keys, alarm systems, and many other devices. It is normally in the shape of a coin. As the name suggests, the battery has lithium in it. The lithium is oxidized, providing the power for the battery. They are not rechargeable; once they are dead they should be thrown out. A lithium battery is different from a lithium-ion battery. They are rechargeable and are used in phones, portable computers, and other items like that. Lithium batteries come in several sizes. The size is indicated by a code. CR1216 is a small battery, while CR2012 is medium-sized and CR2450 is large. They are normally more expensive than other batteries.


Lithium-ion battery

A lithium-ion battery is a lightweight, high-power battery used in computers and mobile phones. It comes in several shapes, although a flat rectangle is most common. It is lighter than the nickel cadmium battery and the nickel metal-hydride battery. That makes it useful for devices that should be lightweight. Lithium-ion batteries work by the movement of lithium ions through a membrane (thin sheet that allows some substances to pass through). They are different from lithium batteries. Lithium batteries contain lithium metal and are not rechargeable (primary cells). Lithium-ion batteries do not contain lithium metal (only lithium compounds) and are rechargeable (secondary cells). They also do not last forever. Traditional lithium-ion batteries will have an average of 600 charge cycles. Some newer versions such as lithium iron phosphate and lithium titanate can last for 3000 cycles or more.

Lithium-ion batteries can be very dangerous. They can catch fire or explode if they are punctured, overcharged, or short-circuited, or if there is a manufacturing defect. In a multi-cell battery pack, the fire can spread from one cell to another, consuming the entire pack. The fire cannot be put out with a fire extinguisher or water. Flaming electrolyte can be ejected from the battery, setting fire to nearby combustible material. Many products have been recalled due to defective lithium-ion batteries.


White Light/White Heat

White Light/White Heat is the second studio album by the American rock band The Velvet Underground.

All songs written by Lou Reed unless otherwise noted.


Sweetness (song)

"Sweetness" is a 2002 song recorded by the alternative rock band Jimmy Eat World. "Sweetness" was on their 2001 album "Bleed American". It was also featured in the ice hockey video game, "NHL 2003".

Glycerine (song)

"Glycerine" is the fourth single by the post-grunge band Bush. "Glycerine" reached number one for two weeks in December of 1996. It was Bush's biggest pop hit, peaking at number 28 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on February 24, 1996 and the Hot 100 Airplay on January 27, 1996. The song is notable for not featuring any drums.


The Velvet Underground (album)

The Velvet Underground is the third album by American rock group The Velvet Underground.

All tracks written by Lou Reed.


Loaded (The Velvet Underground album)

Loaded is the fourth album by the Velvet Underground.

All songs written by Lou Reed (except for a song on the 2-CD version, "Ride into the Sun", which was written by Reed, John Cale, Sterling Morrison and Maureen Tucker).



V8 engine

A V8 engine often just called a V8 is an internal combustion engine with 8 cylinders. The engine has four cylinders on each side called banks. The two banks form a "V" shaped angle. In most engines, the two banks are at a right angle (90°) to each other, but some engines use a narrower angle. All eight pistons turn a common crankshaft. It can be powered by different types of fuels, including gasoline, diesel, natural gas and alcohol.

Generally, V8s are only available on more powerful cars, pickup trucks, and SUVs. The traditional 90° large V8 engine is generally too wide and too long to fit easily in vehicles with a front-wheel drive layout, so its application is mostly limited to rear-wheel drive cars and trucks. 

V8s are common in purpose-designed engines for racing cars. They are a common engine configuration in the highest levels of auto racing. The V8 engine is used in the United States where it is required in IRL and NASCAR. V8s engines are also used in Australian auto racing, most notably in the V8 Supercars. Formula One began the 2006 season using V8 engines, which replaced the V10. Formula One made this change to reduce costs and lower power. However Formula One replaced V8 with V6 Turbo in 2014

V8 engines are also used in large truck and industrial equipment. V8s were an early choice for airplane engines. Modern aircraft seldom used V8s because the heavy weight reduces performance.


Ammonium

Ammonium is an ion. It is an ammonia molecule, NH, protonated (with a hydrogen ion added) to make NH. It bonds with negative ions such as chloride to make salts such as ammonium chloride. Ammonium is slightly reducing so it can react with strong oxidizing agents.


Protonation

Protonation is the addition of a hydrogen ion to a substance. A hydrogen atom normally contains 1 proton and 1 electron. When the hydrogen atom is oxidized, it loses its electron, leaving a H. The H is the same as a proton. Substances are protonated when hydrogen ions are added to them. For example, when ammonia (NH) is protonated, it forms ammonium ions, NH. A substance is protonated by a substance more acidic than it. The acidic substance is deprotonated.


Deprotonation

Deprotonation is the removal of a hydrogen ion from a substance. A hydrogen atom normally contains 1 proton and 1 electron. When it is oxidized, it loses the electron, turning it into a hydrogen ion. A hydrogen cation is the same as a proton. Substances are deprotonated by other substances more basic than themselves. The base itself is protonated.


Stink bomb

A stink bomb is a packet that, when pressed, releases bad odors. A common ingredient in stink bombs is ammonium sulfide. They are used for practical jokes on other people. Some use it to imitate farting, and some use them to embarrass other people, by placing them in the seat of their pants. When the targeted person sits, the stink bomb releases bad odors, similar to menthol. Stink bombs do expire, since the longer they are not used the less effective they are. Stink bombs do have guides. Stink bombs are also lightly regulated, since some can have toxic waste inside. it is similar to an instant cold pack.


Ammonium chloride

Ammonium chloride is a chemical compound composed of ammonium and chloride ions. It is a colorless crystalline compound. It is used in soldering. It is also used as an electrolyte in the Leclanche cell, a type of primary cell. Ammonium chloride can be deprotonated by strong bases such as sodium hydroxide to produce ammonia gas.It is sublime compound.

Necro (rapper)

Ron Raphael Braunstein is an American rapper, producer, director, and Label CEO better known by his stage name, Necro. His stage name is derived from the Slayer song, "Necrophobic". Necro invented the term "death rap" which he describes as ultraviolent hip hop. Necro is the younger brother of other local rapper, Ill Bill. He is a Jew of Israeli and Romanian ethnicity.

Necro has released 9 studio albums:
He has also been involved in controversy which includes a riot that erupted at one of his shows when he didn't show up in Vancouver, British Columbia, Necro being fined $3000 for fracturing a man's jaw in Perth, Western Australia, being sued by Ani DiFranco after he sampled one of her songs and his music was connected to a murder in London, Ontario because the murderer was a fan of Necro and was inspired by his song "Garbage Bag".


Zinc chloride

Zinc chloride is a chemical compound. It contains zinc and chloride ions. The zinc is in the +2 oxidation state, the only oxidation state zinc has. Its chemical formula is ZnCl.

It is a colorless crystal compound. It dissolves in water. It reacts with bases to make zinc hydroxide.

Zinc chloride can be made by reacting zinc with hydrochloric acid. In this reaction, hydrogen gas is also produced. It can also be made by reacting zinc with chlorine.

It is used in the making of chemicals, textile processing, and the electrolyte of the Leclanche cell. Cells containing this chemical are marketed as "Super Heavy Duty" or "Extra Heavy Duty". 

Zinc chloride irritates skin and the respiratory tract. 


Wet cell

A wet cell is a cell that contains a liquid electrolyte. Most batteries have a paste electrolyte. Car batteries have a liquid electrolyte. They are inconvenient because the electrolyte can be spilled. Most early batteries had liquid electrolytes. People still use wet cells where they need high power, such as in cars.


Mercury battery

A mercury battery is a primary cell. It has similar performance to, but is much cheaper than, silver oxide batteries. Its disadvantage is that it contains toxic mercury, which pollutes the environment. This battery uses the oxidation of zinc by mercury(II) oxide to generate electricity. It has either sodium hydroxide or potassium hydroxide as the electrolyte. Mercury batteries used to be common but have become increasingly restricted.

Some advantages of mercury batteries are their very long life and steady voltage. 


Silver oxide battery

Silver oxide batteries are primary cells. They are generally found in small sizes. They are expensive because they contain silver, but do not have toxic mercury like the cheaper mercury battery. They generate electricity by oxidation of zinc with silver(I) oxide. It has a basic electrolyte, usually potassium hydroxide or sodium hydroxide.

Some chemical reactions happen during discharging:


E.T. the Extra Terrestrial (video game)

E.T. the Extra Terrestrial is a 1982 adventure video game that was developed, published and distributed by Atari, Inc. It is based on the movie of the same name. The game was for the Atari 2600 and was planned for the Atari 5200 but was cancelled. "E.T." is often considered to be one of the worst video games of all time, and was claimed to be the reason for Atari's massive financial losses during 1983 and 1984. The unsold cartridges of the game were buried in a landfill in New Mexico and was cited as one of the reasons for the video game industry crash of 1983. In 2014, many of the cartridges were excavated from the landfill.



Mercury(II) oxide

Mercury(II) oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgO. It has mercury and oxide ions. The mercury is in the +2 oxidation state.

It is a red or yellow solid. It is very toxic and corrosive. It reacts violently with some reducing agents, as it is an oxidizing agent. It reacts with acids to make other mercury(II) salts like mercury(II) chloride. It breaks down when heated to make mercury and oxygen.

It can be made by heating mercury and oxygen at . It can also be made by heating mercury(II) nitrate. This makes the red form. The yellow form is made by reacting a mercury(II) salt with a strong base.

It can be used to make other mercury(II) salts. It is used in mercury batteries. It is much cheaper than the silver(I) oxide used in silver oxide batteries.


Silver(I) oxide

Silver(I) oxide is a chemical compound with the formula AgO. It is a fine black or dark brown powder. It is composed of silver in the +1 oxidation state. It is used in silver oxide batteries to oxidize the zinc, providing the electrical current. It is more expensive than the mercury(II) oxide used in mercury batteries but much less toxic and less damaging to the environment. It can react violently with reducing agents. 


Household ammonia

Household ammonia is a marketed substance that consists of a dilute solution of ammonia in water. About 7% of the solution by weight is ammonia. It is used for cleaning. It can also be known as ammonium hydroxide, but it really exists in the form NH + HO rather than NH + OH.


Cape York Peninsula

Cape York Peninsula is a large remote peninsula in the far north of Queensland, Australia. It is the largest unspoilt wilderness in eastern Australia and one of the last remaining wilderness areas on Earth. The area is mostly flat and about half is used for grazing cattle. Much of the wildlife is threatened by introduced species and weeds. However, the eucalyptus wooded savannah, tropical rainforests, and other types of habitat are now recognized as being globally important.
The Cape York Peninsula region covers an area of about 137,000 km² north of 16°S latitude. From the tip of the peninsula, Cape York, it is about to New Guinea across the island and coral reefs of Torres Strait.

The west coast is bordered by the Gulf of Carpentaria and the east coast by the Coral Sea. There is no clear border to the south, but the boundary in the Cape York Peninsula Heritage Act 2007 of Queensland follows the 16°S latitude.

At the peninsula’s widest point, it is 430 km from the Bloomfield River, on the east coast, to the Aboriginal community of Kowanyama on the west coast. It is some 660 km from the southern border, to the tip of Cape York. The largest islands in the Torres Strait include Prince of Wales Island, Horn Island, Moa, and Badu Island.

Cape York is the northernmost point on the Australian continent. It was named by Lieutenant James Cook on 21 August, 1770, after Prince Edward, Duke of York and Albany. The Duke was a brother of King George III of the United Kingdom, and died from illness in 1767 when he was only 20 years old:

The tropical landscapes are among the most stable in the world. There has been no tectonic activity for millions of years. The peninsula is an extremely eroded, almost level, low plain with mighty meandering rivers and vast floodplains. There are some very low hills, about 800m above sea level in the McIlwraith Range on the eastern side around Coen.

Part of Australia’s Great Dividing Range, the Peninsula Ridge, is like a backbone along the peninsula. This mountain range is made up of ancient (1,500 million year-old) Precambrian and Palaeozoic rocks. To the east and west of the Peninsula Ridge lie the Carpentaria and Laura Basins, themselves made up of ancient Mesozoic sediments. There are several important landforms on the peninsula: the large area of undisturbed sand dunes on the east coast around Shelburne Bay and Cape Bedford-Cape Flattery; the huge piles of black granite boulders at Black Mountain National Park and Cape Melville; and the limestone karsts around Palmerston in the south.

The soils are poor, even compared to other areas of Australia. They are ancient and weathered, not suitable for ploughing and do not respond to fertilizers. Because of the poor soil, the region is thinly settled. Attempts to grow commercial crops have usually failed.

The climate on Cape York Peninsula is tropical and monsoonal. The heavy monsoon season is from November to April, during which time the forest becomes almost inhabitable. The dry season is from May to October. The temperature is warm to hot, with a cooler climate in higher areas. The mean annual temperatures range from 18 °C at higher elevations to 27 °C on the lowlands in the drier southwest. Temperatures over 40 °C and below 5 °C are rare.

Annual rainfall is high, ranging from over 2000 mm. in the Iron Range and north of Weipa to about 700 mm. at the southern border. Most of this rain falls between November and April. Only on the eastern slopes of the Iron Range is the median rainfall between June and September above 5mm (0.2 inches). Between January and March, however, the median monthly rainfall ranges from about 170mm (6.5 inches) in the south to over 500mm (20 inches) in the north and on the Iron Range.

The Peninsula Ridge forms the drainage divide between the Gulf of Carpentaria and the Coral Sea. To the west, large, winding river systems including the Mitchell, Coleman, Holroyd, Archer, Watson, Wenlock, Ducie and Jardine flow into the Gulf of Carpentaria. During the Dry season, those rivers become a series of waterholes and sandy beds. Yet, with the heavy rains in the Wet season, they become mighty waterways, spreading across huge floodplains and coastal wetlands and giving life to many freshwater and wetland species.

On the Eastern slopes, the shorter, faster-flowing Jacky Jacky Creek, Olive, Pascoe, Lockhart, Stewart, Jeannie and Endeavour Rivers flow towards the Coral Sea. These provide important freshwater and nutrients to the healthiest section of the Great Barrier Reef. Along their banks, those wild, undisturbed rivers are lined with dense rainforests, sand dunes or mangroves.

The floodplains of the Laura Basin are now protected in the Lakefield and Jack River National Parks. The plains are crossed by the Morehead, Hann, North Kennedy, Laura, Jack and Normanby Rivers.

The Peninsula’s rivers are famous for their hydrological integrity. This means that they are still in their natural state, with water flows and vegetation unchanged. Cape York Peninsula is one of the few places where tropical water cycles remain unchanged. Cape York Peninsula has as much as a quarter of Australia's surface runoff. With less than 3% of Australia's land area it produces more run-off than all of Australia south of the Tropic of Capricorn. The peninsula’s rivers are also important as they put water back into central Australia’s Great Artesian Basin. The Queensland Government is planning to protect 13 of Cape York Peninsula’s wild rivers under the Wild Rivers Act 2005.

Around 40 million years ago, the Indo-Australian tectonic plate began to split apart from the ancient supercontinent Gondwana. As it crashed into the Pacific Plate on its northward journey, the high mountain ranges of central New Guinea were made around 5 million years ago. Protected from this collision zone, the ancient rocks of what is now Cape York Peninsula were did not move.

During the Pleistocene epoch Australia and New Guinea have been land-linked and separated by water a number of times. During the ice ages with their low sea levels, Cape York Peninsula was a low-lying land bridge. Another link existed between Arnhem Land and New Guinea, at times making a big freshwater lake, Lake Carpentaria, in the centre of what is now the Gulf of Carpentaria. In this way, Australia and New Guinea were joined until the shallow Torres Strait was last flooded around 8,000 years ago.

Cape York Peninsula has a range of intact tropical rainforests, tropical and subtropical grasslands, savannahs, and shrublands, tropical savannahs, heath lands, wetlands, wild rivers and mangrove swamps. These are home to about 3300 species of flowering plants. Almost all of the Cape York Peninsula (99.6%) still has its native vegetation. Cape York Peninsula also contains one of the highest rates of endemism in Australia, with more than 260 endemic plant species found so far. Because of this, parts of the Peninsula have been noted for their very high wilderness quality. The plants of the peninsula includes original Gondwanan species, plants that have developed since the breakup of Gondwana and species from Indo-Malaya and from across the Torres Strait in New Guinea. Most variety is in the rainforest areas. Most of the Cape York Peninsula is drier than New Guinea which stops the rainforest plants of that island from moving across to Australia.

Most of the Cape York Peninsula is covered in grass and woodlands. These have a tall, thick grass layer and scattered trees, mostly eucalypts. The most common tree is the Darwin stringybark. Although common and complete on the peninsula, tropical savannahs are now rare and in poor condition in other parts of the world.

Tropical rainforests cover an area of 748,000 ha, or 5.6 percent of the total land area of Cape York Peninsula. Rainforests need some rainfall during the long Dry season. These conditions are mostly on the eastern slopes of the Cape’s coastal ranges. These are old-growth forests and support a huge range of plants. These rainforests are of high conservation significance. The largest rainforest area on the Cape is in the McIllwraith Range-Iron Range area. The Gondwanan plants of this area includes Araucariaceae and Podocarpaceae conifers and Arthrochilus, Corybas, and Calochilus orchids. This rainforest has at least 1000 different plants, including 100 rare or threatened species, and 16% of Australia's orchid species.

On poor, dry soils there are tropical heathlands. Northeast Cape York Peninsula has Australia’s largest areas of this highly diverse ecosystem.

The big wetlands on Cape York Peninsula are “among the largest, richest and most diverse in Australia”. 19 wetlands of national significance have been identified, mostly on the large floodplains and in coastal areas. Important wetlands include the Jardine River National Park, Lakefield National Park and the estuaries of the great rivers of the western plains. Many of these wetland only happen during the Wet season and have rare or uncommon plant types.

The Peninsula’s coastal areas and river estuaries are lined with mangrove forests of kwila and other trees. Australia’s largest mangrove forest is at Newcastle Bay.

The Cape has lots of animals, with more than 700 vertebrate land animal species . Of these, 40 live only here. Because of its geological history, the plants and animals "of Cape York Peninsula are a complex mixture of Gondwanan relics, Australian isolationists and Asian or New Guinean invaders” (p. 41). Birds include Buff-breasted Buttonquail (Turnix olivii), Golden-shouldered Parrot "(Psephotus chrysopterygius)", Lovely Fairywren "(Malurus amabilis)", White-streaked Honeyeater "(Trichodere cockerelli)", and Yellow-spotted Honeyeater "(Meliphaga notata)". Some, such as Pied Oystercatcher, live in other parts of Australia but have important populations on the peninsula. The Cape is also home to the Eastern brown snake, one of the world's most venomous snakes. Mammals include the endangered rodent Bramble Cay Melomys, which lives only on Bramble Cay in the Torres Strait.

The rainforests of the Iron Range have species that also live in New Guinea, including the Eclectus Parrot and Southern Common Cuscus. Other rainforest animals includes 200 species of butterfly including 11 endemic butterflies one of which is the huge Green Birdwing, the Green Tree Python and the Northern Quoll. Number of this forest marsupial have dropped because they have tried to eat the introduced poisonous cane toads.

The riverbanks of the lowlands are home to specific wildlife of their own. The rivers including the Jardine, Jackson, Olive, Holroyd and the Wenlock are rich in fish. The wetlands and coastal mangroves are noted for their importance as a fish nursery and crocodile habitat, providing important drought refuge. The Great Barrier Reef is off the east coast and is an important marine habitat.

Cattle farms use about 57% of the total area, mostly in central and eastern Cape York Peninsula. About 20% is indigenous land, with the entire West coast being held under Native title. The remainder is mostly National Park and managed by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service. Land uses include broad acre pastoralism, bauxite and silica sand mining, nature reserves, tourism and fishing. There are big deposits of bauxite along the west or Gulf of Carpentaria coast. Weipa is the centre for mining. Much has been damaged by overgrazing, mining, fires, wild pigs, cane toads, weeds, and other introduced species. But Cape York Peninsula remains fairly unspoilt with intact and healthy river systems and no recorded plant or animal extinction since European settlement.

The "Cape York Peninsula Land Use Strategy" study, by the Australian government in 1990, created plans to protect the wilderness. A nomination for World Natural Heritage is currently being looked at by the Queensland and Australian Federal governments. Major national parks include the Jardine River National Park in the far north, Mungkan Kandju National Park near Aurukun, and Lakefield National Park in the southeast of the bioregion.

The first known contact between Europeans and Aborigines took place on the west coast of the peninsula in 1606. It was not settled by Europeans until the 19th century when fishing communities, then cattle ranches and later mining towns were started. European settlement led to the displacement of Aboriginal communities and the arrival of Torres Strait Islanders on the mainland. Today the peninsula has about 18,000 people. About 60% of them are Aborigines and Torres Strait Islanders.

The administrative and commercial centre for much of Cape York Peninsula is Cooktown, in its far southeastern corner. The peninsula’s largest settlement is the mining town Weipa on the Gulf of Carpentaria. Most of the Peninsula has few people, with half the people living in very small settlements and cattle ranches. Along the Peninsula Developmental Road, there are small service centres at Lakeland, Laura and Coen. At the tip of Cape York, there is a sizeable service centre on nearby Thursday Island. Aboriginal communities are at Hopevale, Pormpuraaw, Kowanyama, Aurukun, Lockhart River, Napranum, Mapoon, Injinoo, New Mapoon and Umagico. Torres Strait Islander communities on the mainland are at Bamaga and Seisia. A completely sealed inland road links Cairns and the Atherton Tableland to Lakeland Downs and Cooktown. The road north of Lakeland Downs to the tip of the Peninsula is sometimes cut after heavy rains during the wet season (roughly December to May).

The Peninsula is a popular with tourists in the Dry Season for camping, hiking, birdwatching and fishing. Many people make the adventurous, but rewarding, drive to the tip of Cape York, the northernmost point of mainland Australia.

Some of the world's most extensive and ancient Aboriginal rock painting galleries surround the town of Laura, some of which are available for public viewing. There is also a new Interpretive Centre from which information on the rock art and local culture is available and tours can be arranged.
Further references


Crankshaft

The crankshaft, sometimes casually called the "crank", is the part of an engine which changes the up and down motion of the pistons into rotation. To convert the motion, the crankshaft has one or more offset shafts. The pistons are connected to the crankshaft by these shafts. When the piston moves up and down, it pushes the offset shaft. This in turn rotates the crankshaft.

The pistons cause a pulsing affect in the rotation. A crankshaft usually connects to a flywheel. The flywheel smooths out the rotation. Sometimes there is a torsion or vibration damper on the other end of the crankshaft. This helps reduce vibrations of the crankshaft. 

Large engines usually have several cylinders. This helps to reduce pulsations from individual firing strokes. For some engines it is necessary to provide counterweights. The counterweight is used to offset the piston and improve balance. While counterweights add a lot of weight to the crankshaft, it provides a smoother running engine. This allows higher RPMs to be reached and more power produced.


Motorboat

A motorboat or speedboat is a boat which is powered by an engine (also commonly called a "motor"). Some motorboats, especially those used for water skiing, may have two engines. Some motorboats are made with inboard engines built in; others attach an outboard motor containing the internal combustion engine, the gearbox and the propeller in one portable unit.

An inboard/outboard contains a hybrid of a powerplant and an outboard, where the engine is installed inside the boat, and the gearbox and propeller are outside.

Thongchai McIntyre

Thongchai "Bird" McIntyre, who was born as Albert Thongchai McIntyre on December 8, 1958, is a Thai pop singer and actor. He released his debut album in 1986. He is the most successful singer in Thailand, as he sold more than 20 million albums. He is also sometimes called the following names:

Thongchai McIntyre, or "Bird Thongchai", is best known for his "string (Thai pop)" and "luk thung music". He is also known for acting in numerous films, on the television, musicals, and in commercials.

Thongchai McIntyre was born in Bangkok in 1958. His parents were James and Udom McIntyre. He lived in a family of musicians, and so, he enjoyed an upbringing in a musical environment. His father died when Bird was still a child. He started working in a bank as an officer. During that time, he had a chance to meet the famous Thai TV producer, "Kai Varayuth", who saw entertainment talent in Bird. Bird played his first TV series with Kai while still working in the bank. This task showed his talent. His most memorable roles were those of "Captain Kobori" from "Koo Kam", which was a tragic love story between a Japanese soldier (played by Bird) and a local Thai girl during the World War II. In both, he starred in a television series, and he reprised his role in the 1996 film adaptation, "Sunset at Chaophraya".

He reached the top of his musical career in the early nineties. Some of Bird's best-known songs are "Duay Rak Lae Pook Pan", "Koo Gud", "Sabai Sabai" and "Kob Jai Jing Jing". His popular singles released recently include luk thung singles "Mah Tummai" (with Jintara Poonlarp), "Fan Ja" (with Jintara and Jarin B. (Joey Boy), Nat Myria Benedetti and Katreeya English), "Lao Su Kan Fang", and "Yak Tham Kor Tob" and "Mai Kang Ying Pae" from his album "Volume One". Westerners became aware of him in the mid nineties as he became the first Thai artist to receive an International MTV Award, be featured in the most high budget Thai film at the time, "Sunset at Chaopraya" (which reached international acclaim in Japan as well as the United States). He was featured on CNN and Variety magazine. An award winning documentary on his life entitled "Crossing Borders" directed by Phanjanit Garnploog can be seen at St. John's University in New York which includes rare interviews with the director. In 2010, Bird made his first international tour in Los Angeles and the 50th Anniversary of Lincoln Center in New York. It marks the first time in history a Thai pop artist has made an international tour. His Grammy label mates have previously only performed at local venues. 

In late 2007, he released another album entitled "Simply Bird", which features songs such as Chuay Rap Tee and Mee Tae Kid Tueng.

Albums and Singles



Compilations




Don't Look Back in Anger

"Don't Look Back in Anger" is a song by English rock band Oasis. It was released in 1996 as the fourth single from their second album "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?". The song was written by the band's former guitarist and main songwriter, Noel Gallagher. The song became the band's second single to reach #1 in the UK Singles Chart. It also went platinum. "Don't Look Back in Anger" was also the first Oasis single to feature Noel on lead vocals instead of his brother, Liam Gallagher.

The single cover is showing respects to the incident where Ringo Starr briefly left The Beatles during the recording of The White Album.

The B-side "Step Out" was originally intended for the (What's the Story) Morning Glory? album but was taken off after Stevie Wonder requested 10% of the royalties as the chorus like his hit "Uptight (Everything's Alright)". Henry Cosby and Sylvia Moy received credit for writing the song along with Noel.

"Don't Look Back in Anger" was met with high critical praise and it became a commercial hit.






Rover 800 Series

The Rover 800 Series is a car produced by Rover. It replaced the SD1 in 1986 and launched first as a saloon with a liftback appearing in 1988. It was given a minor redesign in late 1991 with a coupe model added in early 1992, it was replaced in 1999 with the 75. The 800 Series was based on the platform of the Honda Legend.



Edward Bairstow

Sir Edward Bairstow (born Huddersfield, 22 August 1874; died York 1 May 1946) was an English composer and organist. He was an important influence in 20th century Anglican church music.

Bairstow learned the organ at Balliol College, Oxford, and while articled under Frederick Bridge of Westminster Abbey he was taught by Walter Alcock. He studied organ and theory at the University of Durham. His first jobs were at the parish churches of Wigan and then Leeds. In 1913 he became organist of York Minster (the cathedral in York). He kept this job until his death. He was knighted in 1932.

Most of Bairstow's compositions are for church services. He wrote 29 anthems. It includes the famous "Blessed city, heavenly Salem" It has a very dramatic organ accompaniment. It is about the heavenly city where the souls of people who have died will go. Two other popular anthems "I sat down under his shadow" and "Let all mortal flesh keep silence", both of which are for unaccompanied choir. He also composed service settings, psalm chants, hymn tunes, and a cantata, "The Prodigal Son", for choir and chamber orchestra.


Neutralization

Neutralization occurs when a base is reacted with an acid. The OH ions in the base react with the H ions in the acid to form HO, water. In this reaction, the base is protonated and the acid is (deprotonation|deprotonated). To neutralise a substance (e.g alkali substance), you must put an equal amount of an acid into the alkali in order for it to become neutral(also known as pH 7). Titration uses neutralization to measure chemical concentrations.


Chloralkali process

The chloralkali process is a process used to create sodium hydroxide, chlorine, and hydrogen from sodium chloride and water. It is normally conducted in a tank separated by a membrane, although there are other methods, such as using mercury. If potassium chloride or calcium chloride is used instead, potassium hydroxide and calcium hydroxide are produced. When the membrane is not in place, hypochlorites are formed. If it is heated, chlorates are formed. 

The process is fueled by electrolysis. It can be done in the laboratory. 


Calcium hydroxide

Calcium hydroxide, also known as slaked lime, is a chemical compound with the formula Ca(OH). It dissolves slightly in water. It is a base. It can be made by the chloralkali process. It can be dehydrated (remove the water) to calcium oxide by heat. It can be used to neutralize acidic soils.


Calcium oxide

Calcium oxide is a chemical compound of calcium and oxygen. Its chemical formula is CaO. It is known as quicklime. It is made in a lime kiln. It releases heat when dissolved in water and changes into calcium hydroxide. It is a white powder.

It is also a base. It reacts with acids to make calcium salts. Quicklime is an important ingredient of cement.


Sealed lead acid battery

A sealed lead acid battery or gel cell is a lead acid battery that has the sulfuric acid electrolyte coagulated (thickened) so it cannot spill out. They are partially sealed, but have vents in case gases are accidentally released for example by overcharging. They can be used for smaller applications where they are turned up side down. They are more expensive than normal lead acid batteries, but they are also safer.

They use different chemicals than dry cells, so they are rechargeable.


Lead acid battery

A lead acid battery is a secondary cell, meaning that it is rechargeable. It is very common in cars and trucks. It contains plates of lead and lead(IV) oxide in a sulfuric acid solution. The lead(IV) oxide oxidizes the lead plate, making an electrical current. 

Lead-acid batteries are the cheapest rechargeable batteries and can produce much power. They contain toxic lead, though, and should be recycled. They are wet cells, and the dangerous acid can spill out. Sealed lead acid batteries are batteries where the sulfuric acid is in a gel which stays in, even when the battery is turned up side down.

Reactions: 


These reactions are reversed when the battery is charged.


Nicole Jung

Nicole Yongju Jung (; Korean name: Jung Yong-Ju, ), better known mononymously as Nicole, was born on October 7, 1991. She is a Korean-American singer. Born and raised in Glendale, California but moved to South Korea to pursue her dreams. Known for being a member of girl group Kara formed by DSP Entertainment in 2007.

Nicole was born on October 7, 1991, in Glendale, California. She moved to Korea with her mom. Her mother has a ramyeon restaurant called "Red Kitchen". She has played violin 4th through 8th grade. She was on a show called ""KAIST"" (portrayed a celebrity's life as a college student) which was renamed to ""Nicole The Entertainer's Introduction to Veterinary Science"" in Konkuk University since Nicole would not be attending KAIST. The first episode aired on November 12, 2009.
She is also very popular with a lot of fans and is a member of Korea's K-POP "KARA"

Kara debuted on March 29th 2007 with "Break It" on M! Countdown as a 4 member. Nicole was one of the four along with Gyuri, Seungyeon, and Sunghee. Kara was often compared to Fin.K.L because of their concept and the fact that they are both from the same company (DSP Entertainment). Later on Sunghee left the group in March 2008 due to parental pressure, just when Kara intended their comeback. Sunghee failed her college exams and left the group. On July 24th of 2008, Kara came back with two new members, Goo Hara and Jiyoung. Their new concept was "cute" and "playful".

In December 4, 2008, Kara have their comeback starting on M! Countdown with "Pretty Girl".In February 2009, Kara released their second mini-album "Honey". "Honey" became the group's first #1 single when it topped the "M! Countdown" and The Music Trend.

In late July 2009, Kara revealed their second album named "Revolution". June 16, 2009. Retrieved July 20, 2009. Due to the popularity of the song, Wanna and Mister, Kara's overall popularity increased. Kara currently started promotions with their third mini-album "Lupin". Lupin was a succes, it won KBS Music Bank K-Chart on March 12th, March 19th, and March 26th of 2010.

Nicole joined "Star Golden Bell" on December 20, 2008, hosting a segment called "Level With Me (Season 2)" in which the guests have to guess a term or title from her clues; the challenge comes due to her comparative lack of skill and experience with the Korean language. The segment ended on October 17, 2009.

In April 2009, she sang a duet with former Noel member Kang Kyun-seong called "Happy and".

In August 2009, she and 2PM ex member Jaebeom became part of historical culture variety show Nodaji, replacing Choi Min Yong and Kim Tae Hyun. But the show was canceled due to low ratings on October 2009.

In November 2009, She joined "Nicole The Entertainer's Introduction to Veterinary Science".

In July 2010, she joined "Good Sunday - Yeongwunghogeol (영웅호걸)".



List of Avatar: The Last Airbender episodes

In the "Avatar" world, there are people who are able to control, or "bend", the four elements: "Air", "Water", "Earth", and "Fire". Along with the four elements, there are four nations that correspond with each element. Not everyone can bend an element, and those that can are only able to bend one. However, The Avatar is able to control all four elements as well as communicate with the spirits. The Avatar is also born into one nation, and after dying, is reincarnated into another nation following the pattern of Air, Water, Earth, Fire. The series takes place 100 years after the Fire nation started a war against all other nations and has killed off all air benders in search of finding the avatar who has been reincarnated as an air bender, Aang. The avatar, trapped in ice for 100 years knows nothing of the war. The series starts with Aang being accidentally freed by Katara and Sokka. The series then primarily follows the adventures of Aang and his companions, Sokka, Katara, and later Toph, as he tries to master all four elements and defeat the fire nation. There is also a strong secondary focus on Zuko, banished and disinherited crown prince of the . Zuko was burned by his own father, the Fire Lord Ozai. Zuko then tries to capture Aang in order to regain his peerage and honor, but in the end he helps Aang to master the fire.

54 episodes - Thanksgiving 2023
54 episodes - August 2023
54 episodes - Christmas 2023 (Episode: The Southern Raiders / The Western Airtemple)

Nickel cadmium battery

A nickel cadmium battery is a secondary cell, meaning it is rechargeable. It is also known as Nicad or Ni-Cd. It has a voltage of 1.2 V, although a freshly-charged battery can measure 1.3 - 1.4 V. It was used for many applications, such as rechargeable phones, flashlights, and other things. Now the nickel metal-hydride battery is being used. Nickel cadmium batteries contain toxic cadmium metal in them. It works by the oxidation of cadmium by nickel(III) oxide. Potassium hydroxide is used as an electrolyte.


Nickel(III) oxide

Nickel(III) oxide is a chemical used in nickel cadmium batteries. Its chemical formula is NiO. It is not well known. It is gray. It has nickel in the +3 oxidation state.


Lead(IV) oxide

Lead(IV) oxide, also known as lead dioxide, is a chemical compound. It is composed of lead in its +4 oxidation state. It is an oxidizing agent. It is a dark brown toxic powder. It is used in the lead acid battery to oxidize the lead, which generates electricity. Its chemical formula is PbO.


Nickel-metal hydride battery

A nickel-metal hydride battery, also known as NiMH, is a secondary cell, meaning it is a rechargeable battery. They are used in cameras and other electronic devices. They are made in several sizes; AA is the most common. They are similar to nickel-cadmium batteries but store twice as much energy. They have a voltage of 1.2 V, the same as the nickel-cadmium battery. They do not contain toxic chemicals like the nickel cadmium battery does. They work by the oxidation of hydrides, such as lanthanum hydride, by nickel(III) oxide. 

They have longer shelf life and are more durable than the lithium-ion battery. They are not as powerful for their size, although the best Ni-MH batteries are very close. They used to be more expensive than nickel cadmium batteries, but in the 21st century the cost is similar. 


Hydrogen chloride

Hydrogen chloride is a colorless irritating gas. It can dissolve in water to make hydrochloric acid. It was first prepared by Glauber. He called it 'spirit of salt'.It reacts with ammonia to make a white smoke of ammonium chloride. It is used in the making of plastics. It can form mists in air if it absorbs water. It can be made by reacting sodium chloride with sulfuric acid. It can be made by reacting hydrogen and chlorine, but the reaction is violent unless the reaction takes place in presence of diffused sunlight.It is commomly known as muriatic acid.It is heavier than air. It is a polar covalent compound and exists as molecule. It is non combustible and non supportor of cumbustion. It is highly soluble in water.


Chemical burn

A chemical burn is an uncomfortable sensation caused by the destruction of body tissue. It is destroyed by various chemicals. For example, concentrated sulfuric acid makes very bad chemical burns. Hydrochloric acid makes milder burns. There are several ways to protect against chemical burns, such as wearing gloves and a lab apron when working with chemicals. Each chemical has its own way to remove it from the skin, but normally drenching the burn with water should help.


Avatar: The Last Airbender (season 1)

Season One (Book 1: Water) of had 20 episodes and they were shown from 21 February 2005 until 2 December 2005. The series was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, and starred Zach Tyler Eisen, Mae Whitman, Jack DeSena, Mako, Dante Basco, and Jason Isaacs as the .

The season goes around the protagonist, Aang, and his friends Katara and Sokka and their journey to the North Pole (to North Water Tribe) to find a Waterbending master to teach Aang and Katara how to control water. Fire Lord Ozai, the current Fire Lord of the , is waging a seemingly endless war against the , the Water Tribes, and the already destroyed Air Nomads. Aang, the current Avatar, must master the four elements—Air, Water, Earth, and Fire—before win the Fire Lord and ending the war. Along the way, Aang and his friends are chased by various pursuers, including Prince Zuko, a banished Fire Nation prince, and Admiral Zhao, a key member of the Fire Navy.

Each episode of Season One attracted more than a million viewers on its first airing. Season One won "Best TV Series" and "Best Animated Television Series" in the boys 9–14-year old demographic at the 2005 Pulcinella Awards, which gives awards for excellence in animation.

Between 4 January 2006 and 19 September 2006, five DVD sets were released in the USA, each had four episodes from the season. On 12 September 2006, Nickelodeon also released the "Complete Book One Collection Box Set", which had all of the episodes in the season as well as a special features disc. The original releases were encoded in Region 1 (USA), a DVD type that plays only in American DVD players. From 2007 to 2009, Nickelodeon released Region 2 DVDs (Europe), which can play in Europe.

The first has been adapted into a live-action movie "The Last Airbender", directed by M. Night Shyamalan and was released in July 2010.

The show was produced by and shown on Nickelodeon, which is owned by Viacom. The show's creators, Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, worked with Aaron Ehasz. Eight episodes were directed by Dave Filoni. Animation directors Lauren MacMullan and Giancarlo Volpe directed five episodes each, and Anthony Lioi directed two. Episodes were written or co-written by a team of writers, which included Nick Malis, John O'Bryan, Matt Hubbard, James Eagan, Ian Wilcox, Tim Hedrick and Elizabeth Welch Ehasz. All of the show's music was written by "The Track Team", which consists of Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn, who were known to Dante and Konietzko because Zuckerman was Konietzko's roommate.

movie critics appreciated the first season of "Avatar" because it attracted the attention of "an audience beyond the children's market with crisp animation and layered storytelling." Lesley Aeschliman from Helium.com, said that she "enjoy[s] the storytelling of this series" and said that "the ending of each episode leaves you wanting to see more." Another reporter from Helium.com, Nicki Marks said: As for the video and picture quality, Gord Lacey from TVShowsOnDVD.com said that "the colors are bright, and the picture is nearly flawless." He said later in the review that "the audio is very nice, with lots of directional effects and nice musical cues." Barnes & Noble reviewer Christina Urban praised the season's masterful combination of "elements from Chinese kung fu, Tibetan philosophy, Japanese martial arts forms, and even Hindu spiritual beliefs". According to Aaron Bynum from AnimationInsider.net, "the series posted double digit year-to-year gains in May". He also said that the show has been number one in the boys 9–14-year old demographic, and has attracted many age and gender groups in its pool of 1.1 million viewers who watch each new episode.

In addition, the season has won many awards during its runtime. During the 33rd Annual Annie Awards, the show was nominated for the "Best Animated Television Production" award. Because of the episode "The Fortuneteller", the show was nominated for the "Writing for an Animated Television Production" award. For the episode "The Deserter", the season was nominated for and won the "Storyboarding in an Animated Television Production" award. During the 2005 Pulcinella Awards, the season won the "Best Action/Adventure TV Series" award as well and the general "Best TV Series" award.

Nickelodeon began releasing the Season One DVDs on 31 January 2006. Each DVD, with one exception, had four episodes on one disc. The exception was The Complete Book One Collection Box Set, which had all of the 20 episodes in the season on six discs.

In the USA, all Season One DVDs were encoded using NTSC. Since this is not compatible in most countries outside North America, Nickelodeon released separate DVDs in regions where the video would be encoded using PAL instead. These releases began on 19 February 2007; each DVD was released months after the original release. As with the original DVDs, each set contained four episodes on one disc, with the exception would be The Complete Book One Collection Box Set, which contained all of the twenty episodes in the season on five discs.

"The Last Airbender" is a live action movie based on the first season of the animated television series and had a theatrical release on 1 July 2010. The movie is directed by M. Night Shyamalan.


March (music)

In music a march is a piece of music with a strong marching rhythm. Marches are often written especially so that soldiers can march to them. Other marches may not be intended for marching, but they still have a strong, regular beat so that people could, if they wanted to, march to the music. Marches are usually 2/4 time (One - two - one - two - left - right - left- right) or 4/4 (the same as two bars (measures)) although other time signatures are possible.

Marches can be slow marches or quick marches. A slow march may be a funeral march.

John Philip Sousa was a composer whose marches became extremely popular 

In classical music many composers wrote marches which are not intended to be marched to, but still give the mood of a march. Some famous examples of funeral marches include the second movement of Beethoven's "Eroica" Symphony, the "Marche funèbre" (Funeral March) in Chopin's "Piano Sonata in B flat minor", and the "Dead March" in Handel's oratorio "Saul".

Gustav Mahler often wrote marches in his symphonies. Marches often occur in operas (e.g.Verdi's "Aïda"), ballets (e.g. Prokofiev's "Romeo and Juliet") or, indeed, any kind of music.

Music composed for marching uses instruments that soldiers play in marching bands, such as brass instruments, woodwind instruments including fife, snare drum and bass drum. Composers writing marches in classical music may imitate the sound of military bands by using these instruments.

March music is often composed for special ceremonial occasions such as coronations. Edward Elgar and William Walton both wrote march music for coronations.


Roll with It (Oasis song)

"Roll with It" is a song by the rock band Oasis. It was written by their former lead guitarist Noel Gallagher. The song was released on August 14, 1995. It was the second single from their second album "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?". It reached number 2 on the UK Singles Chart. The songwriting started off as a copy of early Beatles songs, mainly "She Loves You" and "From Me to You".

"Roll with It" received a lot of attention when Food Records, the label of Britpop rivals Blur, moved the original release date of single "Country House" to match "Roll with its release date", sparking what came to be known as "The Battle of Britpop". The British media had already reported an intense rivalry between the two bands. This clash of releases was seen as a battle for the number one spot. In the end, Blur's "Country House" single sold 274,000 copies to Oasis' 216,000 copies of "Roll with It". The singles charted at number 1 and number 2, respectively.

The song is like other Oasis songs, such as "Supersonic", because it tells the importance of being yourself.

The melody for this song appears in The Lemonheads' song "Purple Parallelogram", which was co-written by Gallagher and Evan Dando.

It was the 20th biggest selling single of 1995 in the United Kingdom.

Potassium chlorate

Potassium chlorate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KClO. It has potassium and chlorate ions. 

It is a colorless crystalline solid. It dissolves in water. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It gives off oxygen when heated. Sometimes manganese(IV) oxide is used to make the oxygen come faster. It can explode when mixed with a strong reducing agent. It can make many things burn that don't normally burn.

It is made by electrolysis of a hot solution of potassium chloride. This is similar to the chloralkali process. It can also be made by reacting concentrated sodium chlorate with potassium chloride. 

It is used in fireworks. It is a part of Armstrong's mixture, a sensitive explosive. It is also used to make oxygen gas in high school and college labs. It can burn sugar when mixed with sugar and concentrated sulfuric acid. It can also replace potassium nitrate in gunpowder. It is used in oxygen candles. Oxygen candles made oxygen when burned. They are used in spaceships.

Potassium chlorate is a strong oxidizing agent and can catch many things on fire. When it is mixed with sulfur or phosphorus, it burns very easily. Many other chemicals can make dangerous mixtures with potassium chlorate.


The Masterplan (song)

"The Masterplan" is a song by English rock band Oasis. It was written by lead guitarist, Noel Gallagher.

The song was first released as a B-side to the CD version of their hit single "Wonderwall" in October 1995. "The Masterplan" was also released with the "Stop the Clocks" EP in November 2006. It also shares the name with the 1998 B-side compilation album, "The Masterplan", on which it is featured as the last track.

Noel Gallagher has regularly declared "The Masterplan" as one of the best songs he has ever written. However, he regrets the fact that it was first released as a B-side, admitting he was "young and stupid", when he made that decision. He also claims that Creation Records boss, Alan McGee, upon hearing the song, told Noel it was "too good" to be a B-side. Noel reportedly replied, "Well, I don't write shit songs!".

"The Masterplan" is sung by Noel, and features all band members except for Liam Gallagher, in addition to an orchestra. The song features a backwards guitar solo after the first chorus. Approximately 30 seconds from the end of the song, Noel can be heard singing the chorus from "Octopus's Garden" by The Beatles.

The song is included in Oasis' album "Stop the Clocks". An animated video was created to promote the album.


Hypochlorite

Hypochlorite is an ion. It can be found in household bleach, sodium hypochlorite. It is unstable, meaning that it breaks down easily. Hypochlorites react with acids to produce chlorine. Their chemical formula is ClO. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It contains chlorine in its +1 oxidation state. They are the salts of hypochlorous acid.


Chlorate

Chlorate is an ion. Its chemical formula is ClO. It contains chlorine in the +5 oxidation state. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It exists in chemical compounds such as potassium chlorate. Many chlorates produce oxygen when they are heated. Chlorates are salts of chloric acid.


Armstrong's mixture

Armstrong's mixture is a very sensitive explosive. It is made of a mixture of potassium chlorate and phosphorus. Some sulfur is added. It is used in pop guns.


Pop gun

A pop gun is a toy that makes a bang and a puff of smoke when the trigger is pulled. It contains small amounts of Armstrong's mixture, which, when pressed, detonate, making the noise.


Detonation

Detonation is the explosion of an explosive. When an explosive detonates, it compresses the air around it, making a shock wave that can knock down buildings and kill people. The shock wave is made from the gases released when the explosive detonates.


Perchlorate

Perchlorate is an ion. Its chemical formula is ClO. It contains chlorine in its +7 oxidation state. It is present in chemical compounds like ammonium perchlorate. It is a strong oxidizing agent. 


Iodide

Iodide is an ion of iodine. It contains iodine in its -1 oxidation state. It is a weak reducing agent. Exposure to oxygen converts it to iodine. It is the normal form of iodine for the human body. It is present in compounds such as potassium iodide. Its formula is I.


Potassium iodide

Potassium iodide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KI. It has potassium and iodide ions in it. 

It is a colorless crystalline solid. It is a weak reducing agent. It reacts with chlorine to make iodine and potassium chloride. It turns yellow when in air. This is because it reacts with oxygen and carbon dioxide to make iodine and potassium carbonate. It reacts with iodine to make the triiodide ion. That is why a solution of potassium iodide dissolves iodine.

It is made by reacting iodine or hydriodic acid with potassium hydroxide.

It is used to supply iodine in the form of vitamin tablets or pills. It can be added to table salt to prevent a deficiency of iodine. It is also used to make silver iodide. It can be used to add iodine to organic compounds. It is used to prevent thyroid cancer by filling up the thyroid with normal iodine. After a nuclear explosion there normally is radioactive iodine in the air. The radioactive iodine collects in the thyroid and causes cancer. When the person takes potassium iodide it fills up the thyroid with iodine so no radioactive iodine can come in. 


Halide

Halide may refer to any of these compounds:

Ammonium perchlorate

Ammonium perchlorate is a chemical compound composed of ammonium and perchlorate ions. It is a colorless crystalline chemical. It is a strong oxidizing agent and contains chlorine in its +7 oxidation state. It breaks down when heated slowly and detonates when heated strongly. It is made by the reaction of ammonia with perchloric acid. It is not very toxic. It is used in rocket propellants.


Perchloric acid

Perchloric acid is an acid that contains the perchlorate ion. It is produced by the oxidation of chlorate by electrolysis. The chlorate came from the chloralkali process. It is used to make ammonium perchlorate, which is used in rockets. It is a strong oxidizing agent and very corrosive. It is a colorless liquid.


Lead oxide

Lead oxide may refer to any of the following chemical compounds:


List of number-one singles in 1996 (New Zealand)

This is a list of Number 1 singles in 1996 in New Zealand, starting with the first chart dated, January 12, 1996.


Wonderwall (movie)

Wonderwall is a 1968 British movie by then first-time director Joe Massot. It starred Jack MacGowran, Jane Birkin, Richard Wattis, Irene Handl, and Iain Quarrier, and had cameos by Anita Pallenberg and Dutch designers The Fool (who were also set designers for the movie).

The story of the movie revolves around the reclusive, eccentric scientist Oscar Collins (MacGowran), whose next-door neighbours are a pop photographer and his girlfriend/model (Birkin), named Penny Lane. Discovering a beam of light streaming through a hole in the wall between them, Collins follows the light and spots Penny modelling for a photo shoot. Intrigued, he begins to make more holes, as days go by and they do more photo sessions. Oscar gradually becomes infatuated with the girl, and feels a part of the couple's lives, even forsaking work to observe them. When they quarrel and the couple split, Penny takes an overdose of pills and passes out, but Oscar comes to her rescue.



Shareholder

A shareholder is a person that has invested their own money in a particular company. This means they have partial ownership of the company.

Shareholders can vote for board of directors who are responsible for company's corporate governance. 

Straight-eight engine

The straight-eight engine or straight-8 is an internal combustion engine with 8 cylinders. Sometimes it is called an inline-eight engine. All eight cylinders are mounted in a straight line along one crankshaft. It can be powered by different types of fuels, including gasoline and diesel.

A straight-8 can be designed with balanced engine forces. Crankshaft vibration is present in all engines. The use of a harmonic damper is needed at the end of the crankshaft. Without the damper, the vibrations may lead to engine failure.

The straight-8 is a smooth running engine. This made it popular in luxury and racing cars of the past. The length of the engine required a long engine compartment. This makes the basic design unacceptable in modern vehicles. The design has been replaced almost completely by the shorter and sturdier V8 engine. Mercedes and BMW made straight-8 aircraft engines during World War I. The engine for aircraft use provided good aerodynamics.

The Duesenberg brothers introduced the first successful straight-8 racing engine in 1920. Their engine placed third, fourth and sixth at the Indianapolis 500. The following year one of their cars won the French Grand Prix. The straight-8 was the engine design of choice from the late 1920s until the mid-1950s. Bugatti, Duesenberg, Alfa Romeo, Mercedes-Benz and Miller built successful racing cars with high-performance straight-8 engines in the 1920s and 1930s.



Harmonic damper

A harmonic damper is a device connected to the free end of the crankshaft of an internal combustion engine. It is needed in engines with long crankshafts, such as straight-8 engines. It is used on most engines to reduce torsional vibrations that can occure at certain speeds.

The damper consists of an inner hub attached to the end of the crankshaft. A round mass is attached to the hub by an elastic material. This becomes a spring-mass-damper system. By selection of the damping material and the size of the mass, the damper can be made to quiet the torsional vibrations. The overall appearance is that of a thick disk.

Tyndale Bible

The Tyndale Bible generally refers to the body of biblical translations by William Tyndale. Tyndale’s Bible is credited with being the first English translation to come directly from Hebrew and Greek texts. The term "Tyndale's Bible" is not strictly correct, because Tyndale never published a complete Bible. Prior to his execution Tyndale had only finished translating the entire New Testament and roughly half of the Old Testament.

The chain of events that led to the creation of Tyndale’s New Testament started in 1522. It was in this year that Tyndale illegally acquired a copy of Martin Luther’s German New Testament. Tyndale was inspired by Luther’s work and immediately set out to imitate Luther’s work but in English. He made his purpose known to the Bishop of London at the time Cuthbert Tunstall. However Tunstall rejected Tyndale’s offer of creating an up-to-date modern English Bible. After this rejection Tyndale moved to the continent and ended up in Hamburg where he completed his New Testament in 1524. 

The first recorded complete edition of his New Testament was published in 1526. Two revised versions were latter published in 1534 and 1536, both personally revised by Tyndale himself. After his death in 1536 Tyndale’s works have been revised and reprinted numerous times.

Tyndale’s translations were condemned by both church and state in England, where it must be said it took longer for the reform movement to take hold. Tyndale was forced to flee England for the continent where he found safe haven in pro-reform areas. The church and state reacted strongly against Tyndale’s work, banning his New Testament of 1526 from England. In addition any copy of his work found in England was to be burned. 

The legacy of Tyndale’s Bible cannot be overstated. His translations laid the foundations for many of the English Bibles which followed his. His work made up a significant portion of the Matthew Bible which was the first authorized version of the English Bible. The Tyndale Bible also played a key role in spreading reformation ideas to England which had been reluctant to embrace the movement. 

Coggan, Donald. "The English Bible". Essex: Longmans, Greeb & Co. Ltd., 1968.

Kenyon, Sir Frederic. "The Story of the Bible". London: Butler & Tanner Ltd., 1947.

Lindberg, Carter. "The European Reformations". Malden: Blackwell Publishing, 1996.

Luther, Martin. "The Freedom Of A Christian: Doctrine of Justification by Faith Alone", in "The Freedom Of A Christian", edited by Hans J. Grimm and W. A. Lambert. Philadelphia: Muhlenberg Press, 1957.

Partridge, A.C. "English Biblical Translations". London: Andrè Deutsch Limited, 1973.

Pollard,Alfred W., ed. "Records of the English Bible". Wm. Dawson & Sons Ltd., 1974.

Thompson, Craig R. "The Bible in English". New York: Cornell University Press, 1963.

"Tridetine Creed." http://individual.utoronto.ca/mmilner/history2p91/primary/Tridentine_Creed.html


Serena Deeb

Serena Deeb (born June 29, 1986 in Oakton, Virginia) is an American female professional wrestler. She is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment on their Smackdown brand under the ring name, Serena, where she was part of the wrestling stable Straight Edge Society. 

While part of Ohio Valley Wrestling, Serena was won the OVW Women's Championship six times and was named Queen of FCW one time while part of Florida Championship Wrestling.

Serena was released from her WWE contract for not portraying her Straight Edge Society gimmick in real life, but because SmackDown was pre-recorded, her release was not revealed immediately, and gave her one last appearance on WWE programming which aired on August 27 2010.

Deeb works as a yoga teacher.


Avatar: The Last Airbender (season 2)

Season Two (Book 2: Earth) of , an American animated television series on Nickelodeon, first showed its 20 episodes from 17 March 2006 to 1 December 2006. The season was created and produced by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko and starred Zach Tyler Eisen, Mae Whitman, Jack DeSena, Jessie Flower, Mako, Grey DeLisle, and Dante Basco as the main character voices.

In the season's beginning, the protagonist Aang and his friends Katara and Sokka started a search to find an Earthbending teacher, which finishes when they recruit Toph. Sokka finds important information concerning the war with the Fire Nation. Aang quickly becomes single-minded in looking for his kidnapped flying bison Appa. His search leads him to Ba Sing Se, the capital of the , where he uncovers the great internal government corruption of Ba Sing Se. At the season's end, Ba Sing Se falls to the Fire Nation and Aang escapes with his friends on a recovered Appa.

During the season's airing, the show received much critical acclaim, with praises such as, "As a flat concept, Avatar the Last Airbender is nothing special, but in execution, it is head and shoulders above other children's entertainment", and that "as a whole, the look of Avatar is consistently excellent." Season 2 has won multiple awards, including the "Best Character Animation in a Television Production" award from the 34th Annie Awards and the "Outstanding Individual Achievement in Animation" award from the 2007 Emmy Awards.

Between 23 January 2007 and 11 September 2007, Nickelodeon released five DVD sets for the season: four sets had five episodes each, and a fifth DVD collection of all twenty episodes. All DVDs were encoded in Region 1. In the UK, only the season boxset was released without being released in four volumes first. The boxset was released on July 20, 2009.

The season was produced by and shown on Nickelodeon, which is owned by Viacom. The season's creators, Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, worked with Aaron Ehasz. Most of the individual episodes were directed by Ethan Spaulding, Lauren MacMullan and Giancarlo Volpe. Episodes were written by a team of writers, in which worked Aaron Ehasz, Elizabeth Welch Ehasz, Tim Hedrick, John O'Bryan; with creators DiMartino and Konietzko.

The season's music was written by "The Track Team", which consists of Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn, who were known to the show's creators because Zuckerman was Konietzko's roommate.

Mako Iwamatsu, the actor who voiced Iroh at first season, died during the production and was replaced by Greg Baldwin.

In a review of the Volume 2 DVD Release for Book 2, Gabriel Powers from DVDActive.com described the series as one of the best children's series in recent times, making comparisons with Samurai Jack and Justice League, and complimented it for its depth and humour. Powers also comments: For the video and audio quality, Powers says "Season two generally looks better than the bulk of season one, but still has some issues" concerning image sharpness. Jamie S. Rich from DVD Talk says that "As a flat concept, "Avatar the Last Airbender" is nothing special, but in execution, it is head and shoulders above other children's entertainment", and that "as a whole, the look of Avatar is consistently excellent".

The show also received acclaim for its visual appeal. In the 34th Annie Awards, the show was nominated for and won the "Best Character Animation in a Television Production" award, for Jae-Myung Yu's animation in "The Blind Bandit", and the "Best Directing in an Animated Television Production" award, for the episode "The Drill". In 2007, the show was nominated for "Outstanding Animated Program" in the 2007 Emmy Awards for the "City of Walls and Secrets" episode, though it did not win. However, the show did win the "Outstanding Individual Achievement in Animation" award for Sang-Jin Kim's animation in the "Lake Laogai" episode.

Between 23 January 2007 and 11 September 2007, Nickelodeon released five DVD sets for the season: four sets had five episodes each, and a fifth DVD collection of all 20 episodes. All DVDs were encoded in Region 1 (USA). In the UK, only the season box set was released without being released in four volumes first. The box set was released on 20 July 2009.

A sequel to "The Last Airbender", a film adaptation of Book One, is expected to be based on Book Two with all the main cast and M. Night Shyamalan to return as director, writer and producer. Production will possibly start in 2011 and the film will be released in 2012 at the earliest. It will be the second part of a planned trilogy.



The Expendables (2010 movie)

The Expendables is a 2010 action movie that was produced by Avi Lerner, Kevin King Templeton, John Thompson and Robert Earl and was directed by Sylvester Stallone.

The movie is about a team of mercenaries that are sent to a South American country to overthrow a cold-blooded dictator.


The Expendables gained mixed reviews:


"The Expendables 2", "The Expendables 3" and "The Expendables 4" were respectively released in 2012, 2014 and 2023.


Charlie St. Cloud (movie)

Charlie St. Cloud is a 2010 fantasy/romance movie produced by Marc Platt and Ben Sherwood and was directed by Burr Steers. The movie is based on the best selling novel, "The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud".



Elephant bird

Elephant birds are an extinct family of large birds which could not fly. They were found only on the island of Madagascar. The group had two genera, Aepyornis and Mullerornis, and seven species. Like several other flightless birds, they were hunted to extinction.

The Elephant birds, which were giant ratites, have been extinct since at least the 17th century. Étienne de Flacourt, a French governor of Madagascar in the 1640s and 1650s, recorded frequent sightings of elephant birds. "Aepyornis", one of the world's largest birds, is believed to have been over tall, weighing close to 400 kg (880 lb). Remains of "Aepyornis" adults and eggs have been found. In some cases the eggs have a circumference of over and a length up to . The egg volume is about 160 times greater than a chicken egg.

Sami Salo

Sami Salo (born September 2, 1974 in Turku, Finland) was a professional Finnish ice hockey defenceman that played for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Vancouver Canucks and Ottawa Senators. He was selected by the Ottawa Senators with the 239th pick in the 1996 NHL Draft.

Salo has also played 9 seasons with the Vancoucer Canucks, 4 seasons with the Ottawa Senators, 3 seasons with TPS of the SM-liiga, 1 season with Jokerit of the SM-liiga and 1 season with Frölunda HC of the Swedish Elite League.


Avatar: The Last Airbender (season 3)

Season Three (Book 3: Fire) of , an American animated television series on Nickelodeon, first showed its 21 episodes on television from 21 September, 2007 to 19 July, 2008. The season was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, and it starred Zach Tyler Eisen, Mae Whitman, Jack DeSena, Jessie Flower, Dante Basco, and Grey DeLisle as character voices.

This third and final season focuses on Aang's quest to defeat the tyrannical Fire Lord Ozai. In the season's beginning, protagonist Aang and his friends Sokka, Katara, and Toph are traveling through the , conjuring a plan for invading the Fire Nation and looking for a teacher to teach Aang Firebending. Midway through the season, Aang gathers friends he met in previous episodes and leads a failed invasion into the Fire Nation. Former antagonist and anti-hero Zuko changes sides and joins Aang, serving as his Firebending teacher until the , when Aang finally defeats the Fire Lord and ends the war.

The final season features 21 episodes, one more than the previous two seasons. The consisted of the four episodes showed together as a two-hour television movie. Season Three received a similar positive critic to that of the previous seasons. The season, and especially the finale, received much critical acclaim, with praises from sources such as DVD Talk and IGN.

The season was produced by and aired on Nickelodeon, which is owned by Viacom. The show's creators, Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, worked with Aaron Ehasz. Most of the individual episodes were directed by Ethan Spaulding, Lauren MacMullan and Giancarlo Volpe. Episodes were written by a team of writers, which consisted of Aaron Ehasz, Elizabeth Welch Ehasz, Tim Hedrick, John O'Bryan; along with creators DiMartino and Konietzko.

The season's music was written by "The Track Team", which consists of Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn, who were known to the show's creators because Zuckerman was Konietzko's roommate.

Mako Iwamatsu, the voice actor of Iroh at first season, died during the production and was replaced by Greg Baldwin.

Between 30 October 2007 and 16 September 2008, Nickelodeon sold four DVD volumes and a complete box-set. Each of the four volume DVDs had one disc and five episodes, with the exception of volume four, which had six episodes, and the boxed set had all twenty-one episodes on five discs. The boxed set of DVDs was sold on 1 February 2010 in the UK.

Like the previous 2 seasons, the critic was positive overall. Jamie S. Rich from DVD Talk said, "In addition to the solid writing, Avatar the Last Airbender also has amazing animation. The character designs, with its roots in classic Asian folklore, are colorful and inventive, and the overall animation is smooth and consistently executed". Jamie S. Rich wrote in another review:

This final season in the trilogy is turning out to be the best... At this point in the story, major things are happening, with the characters going through changes and the various plot elements coming together. Thankfully, the show creators never rest, and the quality control is top-notch. The writing is smart, and the animation always impressive.

Henrik Batallones, a BuddyTV Staff Columnist, also noted the wide variety of positive reviews from the press for the , noting that sources such as the New York Times and Toon Zone gave "Avatar" "glowing reviews".

The season also received praise for its video and sound quality. Nick Lyons from DVD Talk felt that the video quality appeared better than previous seasons, which had also garnered additional awards. He also remarks that the sound is "spot on...as per usual." At the 2008 Annie Awards, the season won "Best Animated Television Production for Children". At the same Annie Awards, Joaquim Dos Santos won the "Best Directing in an Animated Television Production" caption for his directing in "Into the Inferno". Joaquim Dos Santos also gave "Avatar" a nomination at Annecy 2008 for his work with "The Day of Black Sun Part 2: The Eclipse". Additionally, music editor and composer Jeremy Zuckerman and the sound editing team were nominated a Golden Reel award for "Best Sound Editing in a Television Animation" for their work in "Avatar Aang".

The final part of the planned "The Last Airbender" trilogy is expected to be based on Book Three with the main cast of the first and second films and M. Night Shyamalan to return as director, writer and producer.


Anal bleaching

Anal bleaching is a process that causes the skin around the anus to become lighter in color. The process is done for appearance. Some events can cause the anus to appear darker, such as aging and defecation.

Renault R 312

The Renault R 312 is a bus produced by Renault. It replaced the SC 10 in 1987, and was replaced by the Irisbus Agora in 1996.


Flower (Soundgarden song)

Flower is a 1989 Grunge song by the American rock band Soundgarden. The song was released May 1989 and was recorded in Spring of 1988. Flower was written by Chris Cornell and Kim Thayil. The song is the first and only single from Soundgarden's debut 1988 album, "Ultramega OK". 

Black Hole Sun

"Black Hole Sun" is a 1994 grunge song by the American grunge band Soundgarden, from their fourth studio album "Superunknown", which was released in 1994. The song was written by Chris Cornell. It is a playable song in the video game, Rock Band.

The song won the Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance and it was also nominated for Best Rock Song. The music video for Black Hole Sun won a MTV Video Music Award for Best Metal/Hard Rock Video in 1994.

Jesus Christ Pose

"Jesus Christ Pose" is a 1991 heavy metal song by the American grunge band Soundgarden, from their third studio album "Badmotorfinger", which was released in 1991. The song was written by Matt Cameron, Chris Cornell, Ben Shepherd and Kim Thayil and is a downloadable song in the video game, Rock Band.

The music video for Jesus Christ Pose received a lot of controversy from Christians since many of the band's listeners were Christians and they felt that the band was showing the song and music video as anti-Christian.

165659 Michaelhicks

165659 Michaelhicks (called 2001 LZ6 before it was given a name) is a main belt asteroid. It was found by the Near Earth Asteroid Tracking team at Haleakalā on June 15, 2001. 165659 Michaelhicks is named after Michael D. Hicks, a scientist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.

212929 Satovski

212929 Satovski (provisional designation 2008 AD112) is a main belt asteroid. It was discovered by Boris Satovski, Timur Kryachko, and Stanislav Korotkiy on January 15, 2008 at the Engelhardt Observatory, Zelenchukskaya Station, near Special Astrophysical Observatory of the Russian Academy of Science, Russia.

189930 Jeanneherbert

189930 Jeanneherbert (provisional designation 2003 SR200) is a main belt asteroid. It was discovered by David Healy on September 22, 2003 at Junk Bond Observatory. 189930 Jeanneherbert is named after Jeanne Herbert, an active member of the Huachuca Astronomy Club.


Hunted Down

"Hunted Down" is a 1991 heavy metal song by the American grunge band Soundgarden. It is from their debut EP "Screaming Life", which was released in 1987. The song was written by Chris Cornell and Kim Thayil.

Loud Love

"Loud Love" is a 1989 grunge song by the American grunge band Soundgarden, from their second studio album "Louder Than Love", which was released in 1989. The song was written by Chris Cornell. "Loud Love" is featured in the movie "Wayne's World".

Nick Boynton

Nick Boynton (born January 14, 1979 in Nobleton, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a career total of 11 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Boston Bruins, Phoenix Coyotes, Florida Panthers, Anaheim Ducks, Chicago Blackhawks, and the Philadelphia Flyers. He also played 9 regular seasons games with the Nottingham Panthers of the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).

Boynton was diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes in 1997. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2011.


Sozin's Comet: The Final Battle

Sozin's Comet: The Final Battle is the series finale for the Nickelodeon's television series "". It was directed by Ethan Spaulding, Giancarlo Volpe, and Joaquim Dos Santos, and written by Michael Dante DiMartino, Bryan Konietzko, and Aaron Ehasz. Though intended to be split into three parts, the finale aired as a two-hour four-part movie on 19 July 2008. Prior to the week of 14–19 July, no episodes had been shown since 30 November 2007. The Saturday airing of "Sozin's Comet" acted as a climax to a week of ten new episodes that concluded .

The finale focuses on series protagonist Aang's non-violent personality and his reluctance to kill Fire Lord Ozai. The finale also follows the exploits of many of Aang's friends and allies, including Sokka, Toph and Suki's struggle to destroy a Fire Nation airship armada, Zuko and Katara's battle against Zuko's sister Azula, and Iroh, King Bumi, and the Order of the White Lotus' attempt to reconquer .

"Sozin's Comet" received positive reception from critics and fans alike. The initial showing averaged 5.6 million viewers, a 195% increase in ratings compared with ratings from mid-July 2007. The premiere of episodes 52–61 (episodes 12–21 of throughout the week of "Sozin's Comet"'s release received over 19 million views, of which 5.6 million were from the premiere of "Sozin's Comet". At the 2008 Annie Awards, the director of the third part of "Sozin's Comet" (Episode 20 – "Sozin's Comet", Part 3: "Into the Inferno") won an award for "Best Directing in an Animated Television Production".

Aang suddenly abandons his Firebending lesson with Zuko to have a beach party with his friends, causing Zuko to attack him in his frustration. Aang explains he plans to challenge Fire Lord Ozai only after Sozin's Comet and its enhancement of Firebending have come and gone, due to his own self-perceived lack of Firebending skills at the moment. When Zuko tells the group Ozai plans to use the comet's power to burn down the Earth Kingdom, Aang resolves to face him before the comet arrives. The entire group advises Aang to kill Ozai, but Aang refuses to kill him due to his pacifistic nature and non-violent upbringing.

That night, Aang sleepwalks to a forest not to be found in the morning. After the group fails to locate him, Zuko takes them to June, a tracker who might be able to locate Aang, using his smell. Meanwhile, Fire Lord Ozai proclaims himself to be ruler of the world, under the title "Phoenix King", and declares Azula to be the new Fire Lord, setting off to burn the world and rebuild it under his New Order.

Zuko's tracker, June, is unable to locate Aang, but does find Zuko's uncle, Iroh. He and several other characters (Pakku, Jeong Jeong, King Bumi and Piandao) are part of an otherwise non-aligned group known as the "Order of the White Lotus", which plans to liberate the Earth Kingdom capital, Ba Sing Se, from Fire Nation rule. Zuko and Katara decide to fight Azula in the Fire Nation capital while Sokka, Toph, and Suki attempt to destroy the airship fleet of Ozai.

Meanwhile, Aang awakens on a floating island. Frustrated with his inability to find a way to defeat Ozai without killing him, he asks four of his past lives for advice. Unsatisfied with their answers, he asks the island for help. The island, which is actually a giant "lion-turtle", provides Aang with the power of energybending and leaves him on the Earth Kingdom shores.

The Comet appears in the sky, and Azula's coronation takes place. Azula banishes nearly all of her subjects (including her Dai Li agents) in fear of betrayal. Her paranoia and loneliness begin to drive her insane. Before she is crowned, Zuko and Katara arrive. Zuko accepts Azula's challenge of an Agni Kai, because he feels that something is wrong with Azula and he does not want Katara injured. Just as Zuko is on the verge of defeating Azula, she shoots a bolt of lightning at Katara instead of Zuko. Zuko intercepts the lightning, preventing Katara from getting hurt, but injures himself after he fails to correctly redirect the lightning.

Meanwhile, Sokka, Toph, and Suki hijack a Fire Nation airship, and use it to destroy many others, effectively stopping Ozai's plan of incinerating the Earth Kingdom. In Ba Sing Se, the Order of the White Lotus, led by Iroh, lay siege to the Fire Nation forces within the city, with the sole intention of re-conquering it in the name of the Earth Kingdom. Aang reappears and begins to duel the Fire Lord. However, when Aang successfully redirects lightning he purposely misses Ozai to avoid killing him. Because of his pacifism, Ozai begins to gain the advantage.

Zuko lies on the ground twitching as Katara and Azula fight. After several minutes of running, Katara freezes Azula and chains her to the ground. After doing it, Katara revives Zuko.

After a fierce battle, Ozai slams Aang into a rock inadvertently releasing his locked seventh chakra and enters the Avatar State. With the power of his past lives, Aang overwhelms Ozai. Although Ozai is subdued, Aang refuses to kill him; instead, he locks Ozai down with earth. He realizes what the lion-turtle had meant and uses Energybending to strip Ozai of his Firebending powers, ending his ability to wage war. Afterwards, Aang raises and lowers nearby water to undo the damages that the Fire Nation caused.

The Order of the White Lotus liberates Ba Sing Se in the name of the Earth King. During his coronation, Zuko promises to aid the world in the postwar reconstruction. Sometime after the ceremony, Zuko visits Ozai's prison and demands he tell him the location of the banished Ursa, Zuko's mother. A final scene depicts the main cast gathered in Iroh's new tea shop, the Jasmine Dragon. Aang and Katara kiss passionately upon the shop balcony as the series ends.

Co-creators Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko wrote the majority of the finale; DiMartino wrote parts one, three, and four, and Konietzko assisted with parts three and four. Aaron Ehasz, a frequent writer for the series, wrote part two. Ethan Spaulding directed part one (The Phoenix King), Giancarlo Volpe directed part two (The Old Masters), and Joaquim Dos Santos directed parts three and four (Into the Inferno + Avatar Aang). Dos Santos was nominated for an Annie Award for his directing of part three, "Into the Inferno". Although "Sozin's Comet" was originally written as a three-part story, the creators noticed that the length had grown beyond what they had predicted from the initial script. To avoid pacing issues, they split the final part in two, adding several scenes to fill the remaining time.

Although "Avatar" is not considered anime because of its American origin, Tasha Robinson of the SciFi Channel observed that ""Avatar" blurs the line between anime and (USA) domestic cartoons until it becomes irrelevant." An IGN reviewer commented that "Sozin's Comet" "had that classic anime-look that I've always loved to see when watching old anime movies. The story through the animation was perfectly done." The special's music was written and composed by "The Track Team", led by Jeremy Zuckerman. However, unlike past episodes, a music track produced by a live orchestra was used, rather than one in midi format.

During the San Diego Comic-con, it was announced that a reunion between Zuko and his mother, Ursa had been arranged, and made into a storyboard. However, it was dropped just before the finale was finished, as requested by show co-creator Michael Dante DiMartino.

The cast of "Sozin's Comet" includes all of the key characters from . Protagonists Aang, Katara, Sokka, and Toph are voiced by Zach Tyler Eisen, Mae Whitman, Jack DeSena, and Jessie Flower respectively. Iroh is voiced by Greg Baldwin and Zuko is voiced by Dante Basco. Grey DeLisle and Mark Hamill voice the two antagonists, Azula and Fire Lord Ozai, respectively. The co-creators also lend their voices to two minor characters in the third part, "Into the Inferno".

"Avatar: The Last Airbender" borrows extensively from East Asian art to create its fictional universe. Four "bending" arts exist in the universe; they are based on different styles and variations of Chinese martial arts: Baguazhang for Airbending, Hung Gar and Southern Praying Mantis for Earthbending, Northern Shaolin for Firebending, and Tai Chi for Waterbending. Additionally, series borrows heavily from the Taoist concept of balance and order. The Avatar, an incarnation of a divine being, is supposed to maintain the world's order.

Nickelodeon originally broadcasted "Sozin's Comet" from 8:00 pm to 10:00 pm EST on 19 July 2008. Just ten days later, on 29 July, the "Book 3: Fire – Volume 4" DVD was released, which contained the four episodes as well as episodes 56 and 57 (episodes 16 & 17 of third season), audio commentary from the series' co-creators, cast, and crew, and a comic book.

"Sozin's Comet" received many positive critical reviews; Ed Liu of Toon Zone stated that it made "Avatar" "one of the finest animated television series ever made", and IGN stating that this "film" deserved an Academy Award. Toon Zone praised the skill of the animation directors in designing the sweeping movements of the battle scenes, as well as the slower scenes, "including one moving reconciliation and the quiet coda that ties off many of the remaining loose ends of the series". IGN reviewer Tory Ireland Mell wrote that she would "put it in the top ten films of all time". She also praised the artistic skill of the designers, stating that the "whole dark tone was gorgeous to look at", especially the "art of the Lion Turtle". She thought that "Sozin's Comet" lacked plot holes, as well as unnecessary plot devices, stating that the "story moved and kept us moving right along with it from beginning to end". She gave "Sozin's Comet" a 10 out of 10 "Masterful" rating.

"Sozin's Comet" has received its share of criticism as well. Reviewers commented about the difficulty in understanding the voice of a new character: the Lion Turtle. The Lion Turtle was designed by Bryan Konietzko and character designer Jae Woo Kim. Bryan Konietzko disliked how the Lion Turtle turned out; he felt that the art was not up to standards of the original design he had received. CraveOnline felt that because "the series was for children, the writers were at a loss of ideas to work around the murder angle," and the decision not to kill the Fire Lord introduced "so many convenient plot twists [that] set us up for a humongous deus ex machina that allows the Fire Lord to be thwarted without dying".

The premiere of "Sozin's Comet" averaged 5.6 million viewers, 195% more viewers than Nickelodeon had received in mid-July 2007. During the week of 14 July 2008, it ranked as the most-viewed program for the under-14 demographic. The premiere of episodes 52–61 (episodes 12–21 of third season) throughout the week of "Sozin's Comet"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s release received a total of 19 million views, and "Avatar" reached Nielsen's list of Top 20 Cable Results for the week ending 20 June 2008 four times. It also appeared on iTunes' top ten list of best-selling television episodes during that same week. "Sozin's Comet"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s popularity affected online media as well; "Rise of the Phoenix King", a Nick.com online game based on "Sozin's Comet", generated almost 815,000 game plays within three days. A video game loosely based on the third season, "", was released on 13 October 2008.

Joaquim Dos Santos won the "Best Directing in an Animated Television Production" caption in the 2008 Annie Awards for his directing in "Into the Inferno". Additionally, music editor and composer Jeremy Zuckerman and the sound editing team were nominated a Golden Reel award for "Best Sound Editing in a Television Animation" for their work in "Avatar Aang".

Lennox Lewis

Lennox Claudius Lewis (born September 2, 1965 in West Ham, London, England, United Kingdom) is a British/Canadian retired professional boxer. Lewis is one of five people to have won the heavyweight championship three times. Lewis was inducted into the Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 2008 and was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2009. Lewis holds notable victories over many people: Mike Tyson, Donovan Ruddock, Tony Tucker, Frank Bruno, Andrew Golota, Michael Grant, David Tua, Hasim Rahman, and Vitali Klitschko.

Lewis lives in Miami Beach with his wife, former Miss Jamaica runner-up Violet Chang and their two children, a daughter named Ling and a son named Landon.


Renault Grand Prix results

These are the complete Grand Prix racing results for Renault F1 team.

Jump to: 1980 2002 2010

Jump to: 1990 2001 2010

Mecachrome was an engineering company. Starting in 1983 they helped Renault build the  turbocharged engines supplied to other race teams. Starting in 1992 they help Renault build the V10 engines to supply the Ligier team. This changed to Benetton and Williams in 1995. After 1997, Renault sold its engine to Mecachrome.

Mecachrome signed a contract in May 1998 with Super Performance Competition Engineering. They would supply engines and call them Supertec engines.

Canadian Tire

Canadian Tire is one of Canada's 35 largest publicly traded companies. Canadian Tire is headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Canadian Tire has their own kind of paper coupons that resemble banknote money which distinguishes the company from other retailers in Canada.



Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3

Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3 is a 2001 skateboarding game that was developed by Neversoft, Edge of Reality for the Nintendo 64 port, Shaba Games for the PlayStation port, Vicarious Visions for the Game Boy Advance port, Gearbox Software for the PC port and HotGen for the Game Boy Color port and was published by Activision. It is the third game in the "Tony Hawk" series.

"Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3" was the last game ever to be made for the Nintendo 64. Less than 400 copies of the N64 port are known to exist. It was also the first PlayStation 2 game to support online play, predating the actual online hook up.

"Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3" received mainly positive reviews:



The last entry of the series is "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4" has been released in 2002.

Felix Hernandez

Félix Abraham Hernández (nicknamed "King Felix"), was born on April 8, 1986, in Valencia, Venezuela. He is a Major League Baseball starting pitcher for the Seattle Mariners.

Avatar: The Last Airbender - The Burning Earth

Avatar: The Last Airbender—The Burning Earth (in Europe known as Avatar: The Legend of Aang—The Burning Earth) is a video game for Xbox 360, Wii, PlayStation 2, Nintendo DS, Game Boy Advance, and based on the animated television series "". It was one of the last games released for the Game Boy Advance in North America. The game was followed by a sequel, "", around a year later.

The Xbox 360 version of the game is notorious among 360 gamers as the easiest game to earn 1000/1000 achievement points, which can be done in less than a minute.

The game is the sequel of "" series, which is about the war the Fire Nation started. As the Avatar, Aang has to master all four elements and stop the from destroying the Earth Kingdom, just as they did with the Air Nomads. Experience for first time in the Avatar games the bending of all four elements, playing as Aang, Sokka, Katara, Toph, Zuko, Iroh, Jet and even Appa and Momo. The game is based on the .

Unlike "", "Avatar: The Last Airbender - The Burning Earth" features a multiplayer mode. In each stage, two characters can explore the area. Animal allies, Momo and Appa, appear in special "dramatic air battles." Players can also use all four bending styles. Another feature is Aang's ability to go into the Avatar State and unleash its power on enemies.


Bosses in DS version



The Xbox 360 version of the game is derided as the easiest game to earn all achievements and Gamerscore among all titles released for the platform. The game features just five achievements, and all 1000 Gamerscore can be easily earned in just 59 seconds in the first level of the game. The publisher of the game was interviewed by MTV.com game blogger Tracey John, regarding the easiness of the achievements, and stated that they were simply created with kids in mind.

Laura Massey referred to the controversy while watching a trailer during Microsoft's Kinect reveal at E3 in 2010.


Faust (opera)

Faust is a grand opera in five acts. The music was composed by Charles Gounod. The French libretto was written by Jules Barbier and Michel Carré. The libretto was based on Carré's play "Faust et Marguerite". Carre's play was, in turn, based on the first past of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's "Faust". The opera was first performed at the Théâtre-Lyrique in Paris on 19 March 1859. It was well received. The opera was Gounod's greatest success. 

"Faust" was one of the most popular operas of the 19th century. It was the first opera to be performed at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City in October 1883. It is an expensive opera to perform because of its large cast and many sets and costumes. Productions of the opera have declined since 1950. References to the opera have been frequent in other media. It is the opera being performed in the 1925 silent movie "The Phantom of the Opera", for example. Despite its cost, the opera is still performed. It is number 35 on the Operabase list of the most-performed operas worldwide.


The opera takes place in Germany during the 16th century.

Doctor Faust is an aging scholar. He decides that his studies have come to nothing. They have only caused him to miss out on life and love ("Rien! En vain j'interroge"). He tries to kill himself with poison. He stops when he hears a choir. He curses science and faith. He asks for guidance from Satan. Méphistophélès appears ("duet: Me voici"). He tempts Faust with a vision of the beautiful Marguerite at her spinning wheel. He persuades Faust to buy Méphistophélès's services on earth in exchange for Faust's in Hell. Faust's cup of poison magically becomes an elixir of youth. He drinks it. The aged doctor becomes a handsome young man. The two companions then set out into the world.

Near the city gates, students, soldiers, and villagers sing a drinking song ("Vin ou Bière"). Valentin is leaving for war with his friend Wagner. Valentin asks his young friend Siébel to take care of his sister Marguerite ("O Sainte Medaille"). Méphistophélès appears. He provides the crowd with wine. He sings a rousing song about the Golden Calf ("Le veau d'or"). Méphistophélès says bad things about Marguerite. Valentin tries to strike him with his sword. The sword shatters in the air. Valentin and his friends use the cross-shaped hilts of their swords to drive off what they now know is an infernal power (chorus: "De l'enfer"). Méphistophélès is joined by Faust. The villagers dance a waltz ("Ainsi que la brise légère"). Marguerite appears. Faust declares his admiration. She declines to walk with Faust out of modesty.

In Marguerite's garden, the lovesick Siébel leaves a bouquet for Marguerite ("Faites-lui mes aveux"). Faust sends Méphistophélès in search of a gift for Marguerite and sings a cavatina ("Salut, demeure chaste et pure") idealizing Marguerite as a pure child of nature. Méphistophélès brings in a decorated box containing exquisite jewelry and a hand mirror and leaves it on Marguerite's doorstep, next to Siébel's flowers. Marguerite enters, pondering her encounter with Faust at the city gates, and sings a melancholy ballad about the King of Thulé ("Il était un roi de Thulé"). 

Marthe, Marguerite's neighbour, notices the jewellery and says it must be from an admirer. Marguerite tries on the jewels and is captivated by how they enhance her beauty, as she sings in the famous aria, the "Jewel Song" ("Ah! je ris de me voir si belle en ce miroir"). Méphistophélès and Faust join the women in the garden and romance them. Marguerite allows Faust to kiss her ("Laisse-moi, laisse-moi contempler ton visage"), but then asks him to go away. She sings at her window for his quick return, and Faust, listening, returns to her. Under the watchful eye and malevolent laughter of Méphistophélès, it is clear that Faust's seduction of Marguerite will be successful.

"Marguerite's room / A public square outside her house / A cathedral"
[Note: The scenes of acts 4 and 5 are sometimes given in a different order and portions are sometimes shortened or cut in performance.] 

After being impregnated and abandoned by Faust, Marguerite has given birth and is a social outcast. She sings an aria at her spinning wheel ("Il ne revient pas"). Siébel stands by her. The scene shifts to the square outside Marguerite's house. Valentin's company returns from the war to a military march ("Deposons les armes" and "Gloire immortelle de nos aïeux", the well-known "soldiers' chorus"). Siébel asks Valentin to forgive Marguerite. Valentin rushes to her cottage. While he is inside Faust and Méphistophélès appear, and Méphistophélès, thinking that only Marguerite is there, sings a mocking burlesque of a lover's serenade under Marguerite's window ("Vous qui faites l'endormie"). Valentin comes out of the cottage, now knowing that Faust has debauched his sister. The three men fight, Méphistophélès blocking Valentin's sword, allowing Faust to make the fatal thrust. With his dying breath Valentin blames Marguerite for his death and condemns her to Hell before the assembled townspeople ("Ecoute-moi bien Marguerite"). Marguerite goes to the church and tries to pray there but is stopped, first by Méphistophélès and then by a choir of devils. She finishes her prayer but faints when she is cursed again by Méphistophélès.

"The Harz Mountains on Walpurgis Night / A cavern / The interior of a prison"

Méphistophélès and Faust are surrounded by witches ("Un, deux et trois"). Faust is transported to a cave of queens and courtesans, and Méphistophélès promises to provide Faust with the love of the greatest and most beautiful women in history. An orgiastic ballet suggests the revelry that continues throughout the night. As dawn approaches, Faust sees a vision of Marguerite and calls for her. Méphistophélès helps Faust enter the prison where Marguerite is being held for killing her child. They sing a love duet ("Oui, c'est toi que j'aime"). Méphistophélès states that only a mortal hand can deliver Marguerite from her fate, and Faust offers to rescue her from the hangman, but she prefers to trust her fate to God and His angels ("Anges purs, anges radieux"). At the end she asks why Faust's hands are covered in blood, pushes him away, and falls down motionless. Méphistophélès curses, as a voice on high sings "Sauvée!" ("Saved!"). The bells of Easter sound and a chorus of angels sings "Christ est ressuscité!" ('"Christ is risen!"). The walls of the prison open, and Marguerite's soul rises to heaven. In despair Faust follows it with his eyes; he falls to his knees and prays. Méphistophélès is turned away by the shining sword of the archangel.



Avatar: The Last Airbender – Into the Inferno

Avatar: The Last Airbender – Into the Inferno (known as Avatar: The Legend of Aang — Into the Inferno in Europe) is a video game based on the Nickelodeon animated series "". The game's setting is based upon the show's . The game was released on 13 October 2008 in North America and on 1 November 2008 in Europe. An Xbox 360 version was released on 31 October 2008 in Europe.

Gameplay styles vary on different platforms. In the Nintendo DS version, the characters have very large heads, giving the game a cartoonish, or chibi, feel. One of the DS screenshots show that Katara's ice bridge ability will return from the previous games. Sokka's boomerang is used to break hard to reach objects or to solve puzzles; it has been discovered (from the screenshots) that the player draws a path for the boomerang to follow. Toph can earthbend small platforms to get over gaps with spikes.

On the Wii version there's a totally new way to play. Fire, rocks and water can all be picked up by holidng the B button and are guided using the Wii remote provided there is a nearby source. Aang can form an "air ball" (sphere of high winds) to break down obstacles and blow away objects by making a circle with the Wii Remote. Toph can lift up Earth and throw it, pull earth out of walls and lift it up to make pillars. Katara can bend water to put out fires and can freeze it into a block by shaking the nunchuck. Ice can also be pulled out of water falls ice pillars can be made. Zuko can guide fire and burn things. Aang is unique, in that he can bend all four elements, although he only fights using Airbending. Sokka however throws his boomerang when the B button is pressed and uses the Wii remote to aim.






Lucia di Lammermoor

Lucia di Lammermoor is an Italian opera in three acts. Salvatore Cammarano wrote the libretto (story and words). Gaetano Donizetti wrote the music. The opera is based on Sir Walter Scott's novel, "The Bride of Lammermoor".

The opera was first performed on September 26, 1835 at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples, Italy. Fanny Tacchinardi-Persiani played the title role. The opera is celebrated for the sextet "Chi mi frena" and Lucia's lengthy Mad Scene, a technically and dramatically demanding double-aria "tour de force". The opera was a great success. Every number received a tremendous ovation. Donizetti and the cast were called forth for numerous curtain calls. The opera is number 19 on the Operabase list of the most performed operas worldwide.


Background. The story is set in the early 18th century at Lammermoor Castle in Scotland. Two noble families the Ashtons and the Ravenswoods are bitter enemies. They have very nearly exterminated one another with constant warring. Enrico Ashton is almost broke. He has arranged a marriage for Lucia with a rich man. He hopes this marriage will relieve his money troubles. He is aware however that Lucia is in love Edgardo Ravenswood.

Act One. Normanno and others search the castle gardens for an intruder. They believe it is Edgardo on his way to meet Lucia. Enrico has marriage plans for Lucia, and vows to end her affair with his mortal enemy. Lucia waits for Edgardo in another part of the garden. She says she has seen the ghost of a maiden who died for love. Her maid believes this is a bad omen. Edgardo enters. He tells Lucia he must leave for France on family business. He hopes to make his peace with Enrico and marry Lucia. They exchange rings.

Act Two. Enrico has decided Lucia will marry Arturo at once. He knows she will resist, so he shows her a forged letter. It says that Edgardo has found a new lover. Lucia is crushed. Raimondo urges her to marry Arturo. Arturo arrives, and, with the stunned Lucia, signs the marriage contract. Edgardo suddenly enters and discovers Lucia's signature on the marriage contract. He curses her, and throws his ring on the floor.

Act Three. The wedding has taken place. Arturo and Lucia have retired to the bridal chamber. Raimondo interrupts the festivities in the Great Hall. He says Lucia is insane and has stabbed her husband to death. Lucia enters carrying a dagger. Her gown is smeared with blood. She acts disoriented. She imagines she is beside Edgardo, and soon to be married to him. She collapses and is carried away. Outside the castle, Edgardo learns that Lucia has died. He stabs himself, hoping to be united in death with Lucia.



Who Feels Love?

"Who Feels Love?" is a song by the rock band Oasis. It was written by the band's lead guitarist Noel Gallagher. It became the second single to be released from the album "Standing on the Shoulder of Giants". The song reached number 4 on the UK singles charts. The single was a success, but it failed to achieve a Silver or better certification in the UK. The previous 11 British Oasis singles had reached this level of certification.

The album was noted for its psychedelic feel, and "Who Feels Love?" was the best example of this. Mark Stent was praised for his production on the song, creating a "trippy" feel like that found on Beatles songs such as "Rain". With the psychedelic and Eastern sound, the song also reminds of George Harrison achievements like "Within You Without You" and also some of his solo work. 

However, despite the high-quality production, the song was not well received by the critics, "NME" said that the production "triumphs over any real sort of feeling... pure mock Maharishi spirituality that not even Liam can salvage from the realm of self-parody".

One of the B-sides is a cover of The Beatles' "Helter Skelter". It was played live during the Shoulders tour of 2000.

The video was filmed in Death Valley, California. 

Rigoletto

Rigoletto is an Italian opera in three acts. Giuseppe Verdi wrote the music. Francesco Maria Piave wrote the libretto (words and story). Piave based his libretto on Victor Hugo's play .

"Rigoletto" was first performed at the in Venice on March 11, 1851. Verdi composed the opera in the middle years of his career. The story and music were a change from many of the operas at the time.

It was a great success, and today it is still one of the most popular operas. The most famous aria (song) from the opera is ("Women always change their minds"). Many tenors sing this aria in concerts.
The story takes place in Mantua, a city in Italy. The time is the 16th century. Rigoletto is a jester who works for the Duke of Mantua. Gilda is Rigoletto's daughter. Gilda and the Duke are in love. Rigoletto thinks that the Duke has stolen Gilda and taken her to his palace. He pays money to Sparafucile to kill the Duke. Gilda wants to save the Duke. That night, she dresses in men's clothes and takes his place. Sparafucile thinks she is the Duke and kills her. He puts Gilda's dead body in a bag and gives the bag to Rigoletto. Rigoletto opens the bag. He sees that his daughter has been killed, not the Duke.




Terror birds

Terror birds, the family Phorusrhacidae, were large carnivorous flightless birds. They were the dominant predators in South America during the Cainozoic, from 53–0.1 million years ago. They were roughly 1–3 meters (3–10 feet) tall. 

"Titanis walleri", one of the larger species, is known from Texas and Florida in North America. This makes the phorusrhacids the only known example of large South American predators migrating north during the Great American Interchange. This took place after the volcanic Isthmus of Panama land bridge rose about three million years ago.

A recently discovered species is "Kelenken guillermoi" from the middle of the Miocene some 15 million years ago. It was found in Patagonia in 2006. It had the largest bird skull yet found. The fossil has been described as having a nearly intact skull. The beak is roughly long and curves in a hook shape that resembles an eagle's beak. Most species described as phorusrhacid were smaller, tall, but the new fossil belongs to a bird that probably stood about tall. The large terror birds were nimble and quick runners able to reach speeds of .

Simulations of a terror bird strike produced by the Discovery Channel using a pneumatic model showed the larger species could easily crush the skull of its prey and puncture through bone with its beak. They had a fearsome weapon, a beak which could be driven into prey with the force of a sledgehammer. They could run at speed over long distances. The Phorusrhacids are colloquially known as "terror birds". The larger species were apex predators during the Miocene.

Well-known genera:

Phorusrhacos

Phorusrhacos was a genus of giant predatory flightless birds which lived in Patagonia. The terror birds lived in woodlands and grasslands. Remains are known from several localities in the Santa Cruz Province, of Argentina.

"Phorusrhacos" stood around 2.5 meters (8 ft) tall and weighed approximately 130 kilograms (280 lbs). It was nicknamed the "Terror Bird" for obvious reasons: it was one of the largest carnivorous birds ever to have existed, along with "Titanis", "Kelenken" and "Brontornis". Its rudimentary wings had claws shaped like a meat hook for tackling prey, which was then killed with the massive beak. It ate small mammals and carrion. 

Its skull was up to sixty centimeters long, armed with a powerful, hook-tipped beak. The structure of the beak and the large claws on the toes show that this was a bird of prey. It raced over the grassy plateaus and hills of Patagonia, catching small reptiles and mammals leaving larger prey to its more massive relatives such as "Brontornis". 


Alessandro Santos

Santos was born in Maringá, Brazil on July 20, 1977. He moved to Japan in 1994. After graduating from Meitoku Gijuku High School, he joined J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse in 1997. He played as many matches as left side midfielder from first season. In 1999, the club won the 2nd place and he received the "J.League MVP". In Asia, the club won the champions 1999–00 Asian Cup Winners' Cup and the 3rd place 2000–01 Asian Cup Winners' Cup. In 2004, he joined Urawa Reds. After won the 2nd place at J1 League for 2 years in a row (2004, 2005), the club won the champions in 2006 J1 League. In January 2007, he was loaned out to Red Bull Salzburg. He went back to Urawa in January 2008. He received a serious injury in a test match and had only one appearance in this season. In July 2009, he agreed to move to Nagoya Grampus. He made 55 appearances for the club, before joining J2 League side Tochigi SC for the 2013 season. He made 25 appearances there, scoring twice. In January 2014, he joined fellow J2 League team FC Gifu.

In November 2001, Santos obtained Japanese citizenship. He made his first appearance for Japan national team on March 21, 2002 against Ukraine, and he was part of Philippe Troussier's selection for the 2002 World Cup. He was the second foreign-born person to play for Japan in the World Cup after Wagner Lopes, who played in the 1998 World Cup and also the fifth naturalized citizen to play for Japan after Daishiro Yoshimura, George Yonashiro, Ruy Ramos, and Lopes.

Since Zico took over as the national team manager, Santos was a constant on the left side of the Japanese lineup, as a side back in 4-4-2 formation or midfielder in 3-5-2 formation. At 2004 Asian Cup, he played full time in all 6 matches and Japan won the champions. He was selected to Japan's 2006 World Cup squad in May 2006, providing an assist for Keiji Tamada in a group stage match against his former country Brazil. He played 82 games and scored 7 goals for Japan until 2006.

396||71||51||10||36||4||13||3||496||88
20||1||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||1||0||21||1
416||72||51||10||36||4||14||3||517||89

!Total||82||7

Morning Glory (Oasis song)

"Morning Glory" is a song by the rock band Oasis. The song was written by Noel Gallagher, and which was released on the band's second album (What's the Story) Morning Glory? in September 1995. It was given an Australian-only single release and was also a radio single in the United States.

The Importance of Being Idle

"The Importance of Being Idle" is a song on the English rock band Oasis. It is from their sixth album, "Don't Believe the Truth". The song is written and sung by lead guitarist Noel Gallagher. It was the second single released from the album in the UK, on 22 August 2005, where it debuted at number one. It was also the first time that Oasis earned two successive number ones in the same calendar year. It was written by Gallagher in the summer of 2004, before the band made their final attempt at recording what would become "Don't Believe the Truth". He got the title from the book of the same name, which he found whilst cleaning out his garage (it belonged not to him but to girlfriend Sara McDonald).

List of Oasis band members

This is a List of Oasis band members.












List of songs recorded by Oasis

This is a comprehensive list of songs by English rock band Oasis. Since forming in 1994, the band have released seven studio albums, one live album, two compilation albums, one extended play (EP), thirty singles and five video albums. This list does not contain live versions or remixes released by the band.

José Bonaparte

José F. Bonaparte (14 June 1928 – 18 February 2020) was a paleontologist from Argentina. He discovered and named many new dinosaurs from South America, including "Noasaurus", "Carnotaurus", "Saltasaurus", "Kritosaurus", "Alvarezsaurus", "Riojasaurus", and many, many others. He also discovered or described a number of archosaurs and primitive birds (such as "Iberomesornis") and assisted with the study of other dinosaurs, like "Giganotosaurus". 

He was born in Rosario, Argentina, and grew up in Mercedes, Buenos Aires. Despite a lack of formal training in paleontology, he started collecting fossils at an early age, and created a museum in his home town. Bonaparte was considered to be one of the greatest and most successful modern paleontologists. 

He was Professor of Palaeozoology at the Universidad Nacional de Tucumán from 1975 to 1979, and director of the palaeovertebrate section between 1960 and 1978.

Bonaparte died on 18 February 2020 in Mercedes, Argentina at the age of 91.

Drowning Pool

Drowning Pool, often known as DP, are an alternative metal band from Texas in America. The most popular song they have brought out is "Bodies" which is often called "Let The Bodies Hit The Floor" because of the repeated line in the chorus. They have brought out five albums on the record label Eleven Seven, and have one live album out called "Loudest Common Denominator".

Drowning Pool formed in Dallas, Texas in 1996. Guitarist C.J. Pierce and drummer Mike Luce formed Drowning Pool after relocating from New Orleans, Louisiana, to Dallas. There, they found and recruited bassist Stevie Benton. For a few years they stuck to performing as an instrumental trio

In 1999, with the arrival of vocalist Dave Williams. After recording a demo, Drowning Pool hooked up with Sevendust which got Drowning Pool in touch with Hed PE and Kittie. After touring with these bands, Drowning Pool got their demos enough radio play to get signed by Wind-up Records. The band made music with producer Jay Baumgardner.

In 2000, Drowning Pool released a six-track EP called Pieces Of Nothing (with I Am, Bodies, Follow, Tear Away, Less Than Zero and Told You So).

Drowning Pool rose to fame with debut album and played at the Ozzfest in 2001. Their 2001 debut album "Sinner" was certified platinum within six weeks. A number of songs from the album were featured at various WWF events that year, and three tracks would be included on the soundtrack for the Funimation dub of in early 2002.

On August 14 that year, Dave Williams was found dead inside his tour bus. He died from an undiagnosed heart condition, now known to be cardiomyopathy. When asked if the band had any unreleased songs, according to a 2002 Blabbermouth article, drummer Mike Luce replied that "only 3-4 songs were done, including one called "Heroes," which is a tribute to dead rock musicians such as Layne Staley. I don't know if we will ever release them."

In 2003, Jason 'Gong' Jones replaced Williams as Drowning Pool's vocalist

The band released the album "Desensitized" in 2004. Despite the success of the album's lead single, "Step Up," the album was not nearly as successful as "Sinner", and it was publicly announced on June 14, 2005 that Jones had departed from the band, due to "irreconcilable differences". The band announced that their replacement singer would be formally announced at Ozzfest in Dallas, where the band did a one-off performance on the main stage. On July 20, 2005, the website SMNNews revealed that Ryan McCombs, then former singer of SOiL, was the new vocalist. The band initially wanted McCombs to join Drowning Pool as the replacement of Dave Williams, nearly two years prior. In spring of 2006, the band announced that they had parted ways with Wind-up Records. In October 2006, a new song "No More" was announced to be released on the "Saw III" soundtrack, their first song (besides a re-recorded version of "Rise Up") with McCombs. The bands recorded version of "Rise Up", was used as the theme song for WWE SmackDown from September 30, 2004 – September 26, 2008. The band signed a new deal with Eleven Seven Music and also announced a new management company, Tenth Street Entertainment.

The band's third album, "Full Circle", was released on August 7, 2007. Two songs on the album were produced by Funny Farm Records, owned by Mötley Crüe bassist Nikki Sixx and former Beautiful Creatures guitarist DJ Ashba. The remaining songs were produced by Ben Schigel at the Ohio-based Spider Studios. The band then toured with Saliva in North America and also Sick Puppies and Seether in support of the album. Later in the year, work on a fourth album was announced. On March 3, 2009, the band released a live album, "Loudest Common Denominator", which featured acoustic versions of "Shame" and "37 Stitches" from "Full Circle".

The band finished recording their self-titled album with producer Kato Khandwala at House of Loud in New Jersey. It was the first studio album in the band's history not to feature a change of vocalist from the preceding album. The album's first single "Feel Like I Do", was released as a free download on their official website, and the album was released on April 27, 2010. On November 7, 2011, C.J. Pierce and Mike Luce announced a new project with former Nonpoint members Zach Broderick and Ken McMillan titled Voodoo Corps. In November 2011, McCombs left the band to reunite with SOiL for touring and a new album. The band, now once again without a singer, began writing new material for a fifth studio album while holding vocalist auditions.

In July 2012, Jasen Moreno, from The Suicide Hook, was announced to be the band's new vocalist. On August 14, the 10th anniversary of Dave Williams' death, the band released a song in tribute of him, their first with Moreno titled "In Memory Of...". Two further singles were released with Moreno, "Saturday Night" in November 2012, and "One Finger and a Fist" in December 2012

The band released their fifth album, "Resilience", on April 9, 2013. On September 10, the band announced that they would celebrate the thirteenth anniversary of "Sinner" with a U.S. tour starting from October 22, in which they plan to dig deep into the songs from their debut album. Drowning Pool released a reissue of their album "Sinner" called the "Unlucky 13th Anniversary Edition" in 2014.

The band signed to eOne Music in August 2015. On October 13, it was announced the band's sixth album titled "Hellelujah" would be released January 22 via eOne Music with producer Jason Suecof. The date was later postponed to February 5.

On November 19, the band released new single from their "Hellelujah" album called "By the Blood".

On May 17, 2016 the band announced that they would be taking part in the Make America Rock Again super tour on select dates throughout the summer and fall 2016. The tour featured other artists who had success throughout the 2000s, including Trapt, Saliva, Saving Abel, Crazy Town, 12 Stones and Tantric, Fuel, Puddle Of Mudd and P.O.D..




Manon

Manon is a French opera in five acts by Jules Massenet, first performed at the Opéra-Comique in Paris, on March 19, 1884, libretto by Henri Meilhac et Philippe Gile, after the Abbé Antoine-François Prévost's "L'histoire du Chevalier des Grieux et de Manon Lescaut". An immediate success, it has remained one of the most popular of French operas.



Desensitized (Drowning Pool album)

Desensitized is the second studio album by American alternative metal band Drowning Pool. It was their first album after the death of vocalist Dave Williams as well as the first and only album to feature Jason 'Gong' Jones as vocalist. The album debuted at #17 on the Billboard 200 chart.

Achillobator

Achillobator is a dromaeosaurid theropod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous period of what is now Mongolia. It lived about 90 million years ago. 

It was probably an active predator, hunting with the large sickle-shaped claw on the second toe of each foot. It was a large dromaeosaurid: the first and only individual specimen found is estimated at being 5 meters (17 feet) long. The name comes from Achilles, a famous ancient Greek warrior of the Trojan War. It refers to the large Achilles tendon needed to use the sickle claw on the foot, which was the major weapon of dromaeosaurids. The one species is named "A. giganticus" because it is much larger than other dromaeosaurids.

Full Circle (Drowning Pool album)

Full Circle is the third album from hard rock band Drowning Pool. It is their first release with former Soil singer Ryan McCombs, who joined the band after the departure of Jason 'Gong' Jones in 2005. It was released on August 7, 2007. This album has more of a post-grunge sound compared to the last two releases by the band and is less heavy as well. The first single off the album, "Soldiers," is dedicated to all the men and women of the United States Army.

Sinner (Drowning Pool album)

Sinner is the first album by nu metal band Drowning Pool. The album is the band's most popular, reaching platinum only six weeks after it came out. This was thought to be because of the song "Bodies", often known as "Let The Bodies Hit The Floor", which remains the band's most well-known song. This was the only album to have lead singer Dave Williams. While touring in support of "Sinner", he died on August 14, 2002 from heart failure. The album debuted at #14 on the Billboard 200 chart.

Drowning Pool (album)

Drowning Pool is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Drowning Pool. It was released on April 27, 2010 and marks the band's first album not to feature a new singer, as Ryan McCombs remained with Drowning Pool from their 2007 release.

Turn So Cold

"Turn So Cold" is a single from the successful band Drowning Pool.

Noel Gallagher

Noel Thomas David Gallagher (born 29 May 1967) is a British musician and singer-songwriter. 

Gallagher was the former lead guitarist and main songwriter for the band Oasis. He left the band in 2009 following an argument with his younger brother and Oasis' frontman Liam. 

In 2011 he released his first solo album "Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds". The band's second album "Chasing Yesterday" was released 2 March 2015.


Future of the Earth

The future of the Earth will depend on many things, including increases in the brightness of the Sun, loss of heat energy from the Earth's core and change of the planet's orbit by the other things in the Solar System. The Milankovitch theory says the planet will continue to go into glaciation cycles because of the planet's difference in orbit from a perfect circle, the axis of the planet tilting, and pushing of the Earth's orbit. As part of the supercontinent cycle, plate tectonics may create a supercontinent within 250 million–350 million years. Some time in the next 1.5 billion–4.5 billion years, the axis's tilt may begin to change into bad versions, with changes in the axis's tilt of up to 90°.

One billion to two billion years in the future, the increase in solar radiation caused by the helium build-up at the core of the Sun will result in the loss of the oceans and the cessation of continental drift. Four billion years from now, the increase in the Earth's surface temperature will cause a bad greenhouse effect. By that point, most if not all the life on the Earth will be gone. The most likely fate of the planet is being destroyed by the Sun in about 7.5 billion years, after the star has entered the red giant phase and expanded to cross the planet's orbit.

Humans now play a top role in the biosphere, with the large amount of people in many of Earth's ecosystems. This has caused a widespread, ongoing extinction of other species known as the Holocene extinction. The Holocene extinction event is the result of habitat destruction, the large distribution of invasive species, hunting and climate change.

The energy generation of the Sun is based upon changing of hydrogen into helium. This occurs in the core region of the star.

When the Sun first became a main sequence star, it radiated only 70% of the current luminosity. The luminosity has increased in a nearly linear fashion to the present, increasing by 1% every 110 million years. In three billion years the Sun is expected to be 33% more luminous. The hydrogen fuel at the core will finally be limited in 4.8 billion years, when the Sun will be 67% more luminous than at present. Thereafter the Sun will continue to burn hydrogen in a shell surrounding its core, until the increase in luminosity reaches 121% of the present value. This marks the end of the Sun's main sequence lifetime, and thereafter it will be into a red giant.


American Library Association

The American Library Association (ALA) is an organization which does not receive money. It is in the United States. It helps libraries and library education all over the world. It is the oldest and largest library association in the world. It has more than 62,000 members.
Justin Winsor, Charles Ammi Cutter, Samuel Swett Green, James L. Whitney, Melvil Dewey, Fred B. Perkins and Thomas W. Bicknell began the organization in 1876. It began in Philadelphia, but its head office is in Chicago now. Anybody can join, but most of its members are librarians. Most members live and work in the United States. Members from other countries make up about 3.5% of the members.

About Charles Ammi Cutter

B.o.B

Bobby Ray Simmons Jr. (born November 15, 1988 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina) is an American rapper and record producer, known professionally B.o.B. In 2006, B.o.B was signed to Jim Jonsin's label Rebel Rock Entertainment.

B.o.B has released 3 studio albums:

Pontiac Firebird

The Pontiac Firebird was a car built by the Pontiac division of General Motors from 1967 to 2002 and they made four generations of it. The Firebird was succeeded by the Pontiac GTO. 


Craig Newmark

Craig Alexander Newmark (born December 6, 1952 in Morristown, New Jersey) is the founder of Craigslist. He currently lives in San Francisco.

Newmark is Jewish, which he mentioned in a interview.

Newmark achieved a Bachelor of Science degree in 1975 and a Master of Science degree in 1977 while attending Case Western Reserve University.

Avatar: The Last Airbender (video game)

Avatar: The Last Airbender (known as Avatar: The Legend of Aang in Europe) is a video game based on the for Game Boy Advance, Microsoft Windows, Nintendo GameCube, Nintendo DS, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, Wii, and Xbox. 

The game was a launch title for the Wii in Western territories (USA).

The "Avatar: The Last Airbender" video game allows the player to control one of four characters - Aang, Katara, Haru, or Sokka - in a single-player adventure. Each character uses his or her own fighting style. He or she can get new special powers through experience from defeating enemies. Many different items can help the player during battle (armor, chi, enchanted accessories, and healing potions). 

The console versions of the game were developed by THQ Studio Australia.


Aang, a 12-year-old boy, is the main hero of the story. He is the present Avatar (the spirit of the planet as a human). As the Avatar, Aang must master all four elements to bring peace to the world and stop the war, which started 100 years ago. Katara, Sokka and Haru helped him to do it. Many characters from the show appear on this game such as Prince Zuko. However, Zuko had a small part in the game, only appearing in cutscenes. King Bumi also appears in the fourth level.

While training in the North Pole, Aang and Katara hear reports of a waterbender, Hiryu, going missing, which they investigate. They arrive at the Water Tribe as a Fire Nation ship attacks, led by Prince Zuko. They are able to fend off the attackers, but Katara is captured during the battle. Aang and Sokka follow the ship, but are slowed by a Firebending machine.

They follow the ship to an Earth Kingdom port and they free Katara, who informs them of another prisoner named Lian the Maker, who is being forced to make machines for the Fire Nation. When they arrive at Lian’s cell, they find it empty, except for a map to an Earth Kingdom village.

They find the village under attack by machines. After fending off the machines, picking up Haru and being informed that one of his earthbending friends Yuan was kidnapped, they travel to the library of Omashu for clues to where the machines might originate from. The information from the library leads them to an uncharted island.

On the island, they find Lian, making more machines. She fears that Aang will not be able to master all four elements before Sozin’s comet arrives. Aang refused her help, seeing as how the machines were disrupting villages. Lian then voiced her contempt for him as she sends a machine to fight them to flee to the Air temple, attempting to destroy the Avatar statues. They stop Lian, but Katara, Sokka, and Haru are captured by another machine.

Aang pursues Lian and the machine to a fortress. After Aang rescues his friends, they find Zuko, also captured by a machine. Upon rescuing him, Zuko attacks the group, but he is knocked over. After that, Aang enter the Avatar State and killed Lian.


Dromornis

Dromornis is a genus of fossil flightless birds. It lived in Australia from the late Miocene to the early Pliocene. This means early humans never met this animal. 

"Dromornis" had a huge beak and jaw capable of great force. It did not have the typical beak and claws of a carnivore, and its life style is not certain. Though they looked like giant emus, the "Dromornis" are more closely related to geese. 

"Dromornis stirtoni" was three metres (10 feet) tall and weighed up to half a ton (500 kilos). It inhabited subtropical open woodland in Australia during the late Miocene. It may have been partly carnivorous. It was heavier than the Moa and taller than "Aepyornis". 

"D. stirtoni" had a long neck and stub-like wings, so it was flightless. Its legs were powerful, but it was not a fast runner. The bird's beak was large and immensely powerful, leading early researchers to believe that it was used to shear through tough plant stalks. However, others have argued that the size of the beak suggests that the bird was a carnivore. There were forests and a permanent water supply where the "Dromornis" birds lived, although the climate was unpredictable.

"Dromornis" are part of a family of giant birds called Dromornithidae that lived from 15 million years ago until less than 30,000 years ago. Australasia had started to separate from other continents as Gondwana started to break up in the Mesozoic era. 

Australia's last connection with Antarctica broke about 40 million years ago. Since then the animals of Australasia (Australia and New Guinea) evolved slowly in almost complete isolation from the animals of other continents, except for the occasional immigrant species from Asia. 


Beatrix Potter

Helen Beatrix Potter (28 July 1866 – 22 December 1943) was an English writer, illustrator, mycologist and conservationist. She was perhaps most historically famous and also perhaps best notable and most prominently remembered for having written up and also having published several classic children's storybooks with which are all about and mostly based loosely on the narrative tales of amongst several of her classic and most beloved animal characters such as "The Tale of Peter Rabbit".

Potter was born on 28 July 1866 in England and she was then raised and eventually grew up in Kensington, London during the early childhood stages of her life. She was somehow and pretty well-off and her whole family was also quite rich and even became extremely wealthy overnight at the next and in between the period of time from directly onwards and just shortly at right after when her father Rupert William Potter, who had also great multi-artistic talents and was also an adept amateur photographer, had wisely invested a large part of their family income and hard-earned savings in the stock exchange market during the early 1890's. She was also surrounded as well as highly taught and intellectually educated by many governesses while throughout and during her growing teenage and adolescent years. Although, she did not have as many friends at while all throughout and at during in her entire lifetime period and longtime writing career, but she did rather was surrounded by the beautiful mother nature and on while on the contrary and also on the other hand, she otherwise had rather been surrounded up by many loving pets, including Benjamin and Peter, 2 favorite pet rabbits, the latter of which would be her prominent basis and much favorable namesake for her very first and most beloved storybook character mascot. She had also spent most of her happy holidays in Scotland and the Lake District. There, she eventually began to learn to love nature, plants and animals, by which she had also carefully sketched, artistically illustrated and creatively painted and also thus on became interested at painting and favorably loved to paint pictures of them.

By around the time when she was around at the age of 30 and from there onwards, Potter had then on written up and also then officially published her first original and classic children's storybook entitled "The Tale of Peter Rabbit". It was a very widely popular classic children's story and had mostly universal appeal to lots of people of all ages, especially to amongst all young children. She also at one point on in the time of her life became romantically engaged to her then-publisher Norman Warne. Both of her parents unfortunately disapproved of this and thus so became very angry with her as they disputed over the love affair and thereby tumultuosly separated with her because of this as they really did not want her to marry someone who was socially lower than her. However, Warne had unexpectedly died just before he and Potter could even officially marry each other. Eventually, both of Potter's parents had then forgiven her and eventually reconciled with her, and thus she and her whole other family members had happily reunited together once again.

Potter then went and moved on with her life and also began on with prominently writing up and even creatively illustrating multiple classic children's storybooks along with many illustrative background designs and distinctive character sketches within the pages of her storybooks at over full-time. Fortunately, she did not have to depend on her parents anymore for any help and much support and did not even need to ask her parents for any more money because she already had enough self-earned money of her own from out of writing and publishing a lot of her prominent children's storybooks. In time, she then bought out Hill Top Farm and even purchased some more huge tracks of land. While then on at throughout and during much later in her 40's, she then married William Heelis, a local solicitor. She also began raising sheep and thus became a farmer, though she still continued on with writing her storybooks based on the epic tales of her several classic beloved animal characters. She has perhaps written and published over 23 classic children's storybooks to date during most of all the time of her life.

Potter eventually married William Heelis in 1913 and their marriage had lasted for about 30 years on until the time of her death in 1943. Although, the couple never had any children while living together on since during the years of their marriage. She had then on since suffered from a congenital heart problem and had died of a cardiovascular heart disease and pneumonia in Near Sawrey, Lancashire at the age of 77 on 22 December 1943. Almost all of her whole life-savings from within and out of her own entirely self-earned money from out of writing up her classic children's stories and publishing her books and all of the money by which she had also thus inherited on from the time of the death of her immediate family members including both of her parents and as well as her younger brother Walter Bertham Potter was entirely left behind with to the National Trust. Her popular classic children's storybooks continued to sell out well around the whole world, while published and stated in many different languages. Her then-widower, Heelis had also eventually died just shortly and right after her passing which was just nearly at in between 1 and 2 years later in sometime on and around August 1945.



Justin Gabriel

Phillip Paul Lloyd (born March 3, 1981) is a South African professional wrestler. He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) where he wrestled under the ring name Justin Gabriel. He is currently wrestling for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) and Global Force Wrestling (GFW) under the ring name PJ Black.

Lloyd was the first South African wrestler to compete in the WWE. While performing in Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), he was a one-time FCW Florida Heavyweight Champion and a one-time FCW Florida Tag Team Champion with Kris Logan. He is a former member of The Nexus and The Corre. His finishing move is the 450° splash.

Gabriel had his last televised WWE match on the January 14, 2015 episode of "Main Event" in a loss to Rusev. On January 24, 2015, it was reported by the Wrestling Observer Newsletter that Gabriel had quit WWE, which was a day before the 2015 Royal Rumble which he was scheduled to appear in before he was replaced in the match. The next day, WWE confirmed his release.

On May 6, 2015, Global Force Wrestling (GFW) announced that they had added PJ Black to their roster.

On August 12, Black was a part of an angle, where GFW invaded Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). He would go on to defeat Lashley, Chris Mordetzky, Eric Young and Robbie E in a King of the Mountain match and win the vacant TNA King of the Mountain Championship. On August 19, Black faced off against EC3 for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship.


Gastornis

Gastornis, formerly known as Diatryma, is an extinct genus of large flightless birds. They lived in the late Paleocene and early Eocene epochs of the Cainozoic. The first remains were discovered in the mid-19th century.

In the 1870s, the famous American paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope discovered another, more complete set of fossils in North America, and named them "Diatryma".

The fossil remains of these birds have been found in western-central Europe (England, Belgium, France and Germany) as well as North America. Their life style is in dispute.

"Gastornis parisiensis" measured on average 1.75 metres (5.7 ft) tall, but large individuals grew up to 2 metres (6.6 ft) tall. "Gastornis" had a huge beak with a slightly hooked top, which possibly suggests that it was carnivorous. "Gastornis" had large powerful legs. It had large feet with small talons. Fossil footprints suggest it was a herbivore.

Although North American and Europe were separated by the end of the Cretaceous, there must have been a landbrige still in place somewhere. This is because the European and North American "Diatryma"s were so similar. Other bird and mammal genera also occur on both sides of the (present-day) North Atlantic in the Palaeocene and Eocene. This is evidence that Europe and North America were once connected by dry land in part of the early Cainozoic.

At the time, the environment where "Gastornis" lived had dense forest and a moist to dry subtropical or even tropical climate. North America and Europe were still rather close. Greenland was probably covered with lush woodland and grassland. Only narrow straits of a few 100 km at most would have blocked landbound dispersal of the "Gastornis" ancestors. Land in North American was connected. Their European range was an archipelago, with the Alps building up, and high sea levels in the Paleocene and Eocene. Geographically, it was roughly similar to today's Indonesia.

The majority view is that "Gastornis" was a predator. However, some doubt the bird was agile enough to catch fast-moving prey, and have doubts about the beak being right for carnivory. It may be that "Gastornis" was an ambush hunter, or used pack hunting techniques to pursue or ambush prey. If "Gastornis" was a predator, it would need some way of hunting prey through the dense forest.

Alternatively, they may have been mainly scavengers, omnivores or even herbivores. The large beak of "Gastornis" would have been suited for crushing seeds and tearing off vegetation. It seems rather big for a purely vegetarian diet. Regardless of what these birds ate, the beak may have been used also for social display – its presence in all known fossils argues against a sexual display role. These contradicting hypotheses, which can't be separated by the evidence, make the paleobiology of "Gastornis" unclear.

Similar gigantic birds of the Cenozoic were the South American terror birds (phorusrhacids) and the Australian mihirungs ("Dromornis"). The former were certainly carnivorous, and the latter are suspected of being predators, too. On the other hand, ratites, the flightless giant birds of our time, feed on plants, small vertebrates, and invertebrates.
"Gastornis" were among the largest, if not "the" largest birds alive during the Paleogene. They had few natural enemies or serious competitors. If these huge birds were active hunters, they must have been important apex predators which dominated the forest ecosystems of North America and Europe until the middle Eocene. 

The mid-Eocene saw the rise of large creodont and mesonychid predators in Eurasia and North America. The appearance of these new predators coincides with the decline of "Gastornis" and its relatives. This was possibly due to an increased tendency of mammalian predators to hunt together in packs (especially in the hyaena-like creodonts). We know of no bird which weighed more than half a metric ton. Perhaps they could not evolve to larger sizes. If so, they could not compete by sheer bulk as some mammals can do.

In late Paleocene deposits of Spain and early Eocene deposits of France, shell fragments of huge eggs have turned up in Provence. These are presumably from "Gastornis". 

Some of these fragments were complete enough to reconstruct a size of 24 by 10 cm (about 9.5 by 4 inches) with shells 2.3–2.5 mm (0.09–0.1 in) thick. This is roughly half again as large as an ostrich egg, and very different in shape from the more rounded ratite eggs. 


Lead(II) oxide

Lead(II) oxide, also known as plumbous oxide and litharge, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PbO. It has lead in the +2 oxidation state. It also contains oxide ions.

It is a yellow or red solid. When it is heated with charcoal it makes liquid lead metal. It is a crystalline solid. It is highly toxic since it has lead in it. It reacts with acids to make other lead(II) salts and bases to make plumbites.

It can be made by heating lead strongly in air. It can be also made by heating lead carbonate or lead nitrate.

It is made when lead is taken from its ores. The lead sulfide in galena is changed to lead(II) oxide, which is heated with charcoal to make liquid lead. It is used to make lead glass. It used to be used in lead paint.


Yoshihiro Tajiri

Yoshihiro Tajiri (born September 29, 1970 in Tamana, Kumamoto, Japan) is a Japanese professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with WWF/E and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). Tajiri is currently wrestling on the independent circuit under SMASH.

Tajiri has won many belts with different wrestling promotions:



Lead(II,IV) oxide

Lead(II,IV) oxide, also known as lead tetroxide, minium, red lead, or triplumbic tetroxide, is a chemical compound. It contains some lead atoms in the +2 oxidation state and some in the +4 oxidation state. It is used in batteries, paints, and glass. It dissolves in acids. It is made by heating lead(II) oxide in air. It is toxic because it contains lead.

Its formula is Pb3O4. It is commonly said "Sandur".


Flightless birds

Flightless birds are birds which cannot fly. They rely on their ability to run or swim, and have evolved from their flying ancestors. There are about 60 species living today, the best known being the ostrich, emu, cassowary, rhea, kiwi, and penguin. Flightless birds have smaller wing bones and a greatly reduced or absent keel on their breastbone. The keel anchors muscles needed for wing movement. Flightless birds also have more feathers than flying birds.

New Zealand has more species of flightless birds (such as the kiwis, several species of penguins, and the takahe) than any other country. One reason is that until the arrival of humans a thousand years ago, there were no large land predators in New Zealand. The main predators of flightless birds were large eagles.

Some flightless varieties of island birds are closely related to flying varieties. This suggests that the apparatus of flight has a significant biological cost. As soon as birds do not need to fly, there is selection against flight.

The smallest flightless bird is the Inaccessible Island Rail (length 12.5 cm, weight 34.7 g). The largest (both heaviest and tallest) living flightless bird, is the ostrich (2.7 m, 156 kg), although some extinct birds grew to larger sizes.

Flightless birds are easy to take care of in captivity because they do not have to be caged. Ostriches were once farmed for their decorative feathers. Today they are raised for meat and for their skins, which are used to make leather.

There were also other families of flightless birds, such as the now extinct Phorusrhacidae, that evolved to be very powerful terrestrial predators.

A flightless bird is one which has descended from ancestors which had the power of flight. It may seem strange that one of the commonest adaptations in birds is the loss of flight! To understand it one has to understand what the main benefits of flight are to animals which once had been confined to land.

The benefits of flight are all about being able to live on a much wider geographical scale than land-based animals. This is seen to its best with migrating birds, who live their lives in two different latitudes, and get the best from each. The usual system is to lay their eggs and raise their young in one place, and do most of their growth in another place. Even birds which do not migrate do benefit from flying to find nest sites and get their food. Apart from foraging for food, the main benefit of flight is to avoid many of the predators which eat land-based animals.

Understandably, flightless birds are in a minority: of about 10,000 living bird species, only about 60 are flightless. Before human beings arrived on islands, there were many more species of flightless birds. Since the fossil record is never complete, it is not possible to give a count of the number of flightless bird species who were living before mankind left Africa.

Despite this general picture, there have been birds who lost the power of flight soon after flight evolved. The first fossil flightless birds occurred in the Cretaceous period. It has long been recognised that there are circumstances where it is definitely not a good thing to have wings. The connection between oceanic islands and flightlessness was known to Darwin. The explanation is that, first, oceanic islands have few predators. Second, that storms occur which may blow winged birds right off the island so far that they cannot find they way back. Once they lose flight, the land birds can evolve to be larger and heavier, and many do so. "Phorusrhacos" became a dominant land carnivore.

The following are flightless birds during or after the Holocene period.










Monster Energy

Monster Energy is the name of a brand of energy drinks manufactured by Hansen Natural and distributed by Anheuser-Busch (United States), PepsiCo Canada (Canada), Pepsi (Germany), Grupo Jumex (Mexico) and Schweppes (Australia).

In 2020, Monster Energy had a market share of 39% in the energy drink industry. This is the second-largest after Red Bull.

Monster Energy has sponsored many sporting events like the X Games and pays many sportspeople to wear their logo by "And1".

Monster Energy has 260 calories in a can.


Peter Rabbit

Peter Rabbit is a fictional animal character in many children's stories by Beatrix Potter. Peter was different from the traditional hero of that time. He is small, emotional, easily scared, and a not very wise animal. He first came out in "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" in 1902. After that, he came out in five more books between 1904 and 1912. Potter made a soft doll shaped like Peter Rabbit, and soon dishes and wallpaper showed pictures of him. He appears as a character in the 1971 ballet movie, "The Tales of Beatrix Potter" and in the BBC series "The World of Peter Rabbit and Friends". He was inspired by Potter's pet rabbit, Peter Piper. In stories, he wears human clothes and walks standing up. His mother is Mrs. Josephine Rabbit, and he has three sisters, Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cotton-tail. His popularity made Potter say in 1917, "All rabbits "are" called Peter now" – but she added "either Peter or Brer Rabbit."

In 2018, a live-action animated movie was released with James Corden voicing Peter Rabbit.


Bouldering

Bouldering is a type of rock climbing. Bouldering comes without gear, belayer, and associated distractions. As such, it allows a climber to focus completely on the terrain and their movement. It is climbing heights at which the climber does not usually suffer serious injuries in case of a drop. To protect from injuries there are usually special bouldering mats underneath the climber. It is usually practiced on large natural boulders and in climbing gyms.

Boulder routes are called "problems", because this style is like solving climbing-problems. The height of boulder problems is rarely higher than . Otherwise the risk of injuries is too high. Often other climbers, who stand on the ground, spot the climbers to protect them from hitting the ground with the head or the spine.

The equipment used by boulderers is not much. They use special climbing shoes, a bouldering mat, some brushes to clean the grips and sports tape.

Bouldering was invented in the late 19th century. It has been first documented in France, England and Switzerland. It has been practiced for a long time but in the 1930s and 1940s it was practiced for its own sake in Fontainebleau in France.

Today many rock climbers are specialized boulderers and it is their favourite style of climbing.

The Tale of Peter Rabbit

The Tale of Peter Rabbit is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter. It is about the adventures of disobedient, playful young Peter Rabbit as he is chased around the garden of Mr. McGregor. He escapes and goes back home to his mother. The story was written for five-year-old Noel Moore. He was the son of Annie Moore, who had been Potter's governess in 1893. It was corrected and privately printed by Potter in 1901 after several publishers refused to print the book. It was printed by Frederick Warne & Co. in 1902. The book was very successful. It was printed again many times. It has been translated into 36 languages. It sold 45 million copies, and became one of the most popular books of all time.

After it was printed, much merchandise for both children and adults with Peter Rabbit was produced. Toys, dishes, food, clothing, videos and other products showed pictures of Peter Rabbit. Potter was one of the first to begin such merchandise when she made a Peter Rabbit doll in 1903. After that, a Peter Rabbit board game was produced.

At that time, the traditional literary hero was usually a brave, clever, young white male. Yet Peter Rabbit, the hero of "The Tale of Peter Rabbit", was a disobedient little rabbit. Through him, Potter greatly changed the traditional "good child" of that time. Peter Rabbit was a character in a 1971 ballet movie, and the tale has been used for a television series.

Peter Rabbit, his sisters Flopsy, Mopsy, Cottontail, and his mother are rabbits. They dress in human clothing and walk standing up. However, like real rabbits, they live in a rabbit-hole under a fir-tree. Mother Rabbit told her children not to go into the garden of Mr. McGregor when she went to the market. This is because their father was made into a pie there. However, while Mrs. Rabbit is at the market and the girls are picking blackberries, Peter enters the garden. There, he eats so many vegetables he becomes sick. After that, Mr. McGregor tries to catch Peter. When Peter loses his jacket and his shoes, Mr. McGregor uses them to dress a scarecrow. Peter is almost caught by Mr. McGregor many times. When he finally escapes from Mr. McGregor, Peter goes back home with no shoes, no jacket, and no dinner. His mother puts him to bed and makes him drink chamomile tea because he is so tired and sick. However, his sisters who have been good little rabbits enjoy a special dinner of bread, milk, and blackberries. In a 1904 sequel, "The Tale of Benjamin Bunny", Peter goes back to McGregor's garden to find his lost clothes.

In the 1890s, Potter sent illustrated story letters to the children of Annie Moore, who had used to be her governess. In 1900, Moore, who realized how popular Potter's stories could become, suggested they be made into books. Potter agreed. She took her letters (which had been carefully saved by the Moore children) and chose a letter written on 4 September 1893 to five-year-old Noel about a rabbit named Peter. Potter had owned a pet rabbit called Peter Piper. The letter was too short to be a proper book, so Potter made the story longer and added pictures in black and white. She copied the work into a hardcover book with a frontispiece picture of Mrs. Rabbit giving Peter chamomile tea at the end of the book.

Potter's manuscript book had the title of "The Tale of Peter Rabbit and Mr. McGregor's Garden". The manuscript was refused by six publishers. Even Frederick Warne & Co. refused to print it, even though it had shown interest in her artwork several years ago. Some publishers wanted a shorter story. Others wanted a longer one. Almost all the publishers wanted the pictures to be colored. Potter grew frustrated because her book continued to be refused. She had already planned what her book should look like. She wanted her book's style and size to be like "Little Black Sambo". She had also already thought of how much it should cost.

At last, she decided to publish the book herself. On 16 December 1901, the first 460 copies of her privately printed "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" were given out to her family and friends.

In 1901, a friend of Potter's family, Canon Hardwicke Rawnsley, changed Potter's story into a poem and tried giving his version, together with her illustrations and some of her corrected writing, to Frederick Warne & Co. The company refused Rawnsley's version, but they wanted to see Potter's complete manuscript. They hoped that "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" would be as successful as Helen Bannerman's popular "Little Black Sambo" and other children's books that were being sold at that time. When Warne asked why there were not any colours in the illustrations, though, Potter replied that rabbit-brown and green colors were not interesting. Warne said he would not publish the book, but he said he might publish other books she wrote later.

Warne wanted color illustrations in "The Tale of Peter Rabbit", which he called the 'bunny book'. He also suggested that they only use 32 illustrations instead of the first 42 illustrations. At first, Potter did not want to color her illustrations, but she came to realize that not coloring her illustrations was a bad idea. She sent Warne some new color illustrations with a copy of her privately printed edition. Warne then gave these two the famous picture book artist, L. Leslie Brooke, to see what he thought about the pictures. Brooke was delighted with Potter's work. At the time small picture books became very popular.

Potter continued showing privately printed copies to her family and friends. Soon the first private printing of 250 copies was sold out, and another 200 had to be prepared. She noted in one copy that her pet rabbit Peter had died on 26 January 1901. He had been nine years old.

Potter and Warne agreed to publish cheap 5,000 copies. The next year, an official contract was signed in June 1902. Potter worked hard in the process of publishing the story—she drew her pictures again when she needed to, made small changes to the writing, and corrected the punctuation. Even before it was published in early October 1902, the first 8,000 copies were sold. By the end of the year there were 28,000 copies in print. By the middle of 1903 there was a fifth printing, and in the same month, there was a sixth printing. A year after the first commercial publication there were 56,470 copies printed.

Warne's New York office did not register the copyright for "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" in the United States. Because of this, unlicensed copies of the book began to appear in the spring of 1903. Nothing could stop the printing of unlicensed copies.

This made Potter lose a great deal of money. She began to fully realize the need to license her books properly when, after she had successfully published "The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin", her father found a toy squirrel called "Nutkin" at the Burlington Arcade in Christmas 1903.

After "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" began to be sold, a great amount of merchandise copied its design and idea. Potter registered the patent for a Peter Rabbit doll on 28 December 1903. The next year, she designed a Peter Rabbit game. She made firm rules about making licensed merchandise such as dolls, books, tea sets, wallpapers, pencils and pens, cards, and other merchandise. Because the Peter Rabbit merchandise was so popular, Potter later said in 1917, "All rabbits "are" called Peter now". She did add for her American readers, though, "Peter or Brer Rabbit."

Many different versions of "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" and merchandise about it have been produced until now. There are now pop-up books, toy theaters, and lift-the-flap books. By 1988, there were even video versions of the story, computer programs, and Internet websites. Puppets, dolls, games, dishes, clocks and music boxes, baby and children's clothing, tea, jam, toothbrushes and soap, stickers, and even a cake about Peter Rabbit were sold in British supermarkets. Large toy shops in the United States and Britain have parts of the store where they only sell Potter-related toys and merchandise. Some shops only sell Potter-related merchandise.

Other merchandise about Peter Rabbit is quite different from the first Peter Rabbit. In 1916, Louise A. Field became rich by writing books such as "'Peter Rabbit Goes to School" or "Peter Rabbit and His Ma". A movie by Golden Films, "The New Adventures of Peter Rabbit", gave Peter longer teeth and a fourth sister named Hopsy. This story had him and his city cousin Benny (probably Benjamin Bunny) following a box with his sisters inside it. Another video about the story showed Peter as a Christian preacher singing songs about God and Jesus with children and vegetables.

"The Tale of Peter Rabbit" is often praised because of its simple, rhythmic words.

But round the end of a cucumber frame,whom should he meet but Mr. McGregor! 

Linda Lear noted that Potter began a new kind of animal fable in "The Tale of Peter Rabbit". She had made one in which anthropomorphic animals look and act like real animals, with pictures that were drawn by a scientifically minded artist. She added that Peter Rabbit's personality has a lot of real "rabbity behaviour" inside it. She said that the tale was a "perfect marriage of word and image" and "a triumph of fantasy and fact".

Carole Scott, a literary scholar and critic, wrote in her essay “An Unusual Hero: Perspective and Point of View in "The Tale of Peter Rabbit"” (2002) that she thought Potter's story was about a naughty hero with a proper moral at the end. However, she remarked that Potter used many different ways to make the reader feel sympathetic for Peter. Though he made his mother unhappy by disobeying her, stole, escaped from authority (Mr. McGregor), and did not get any punishment except a stomach-ache, Potter makes us feel sorry for him. She thought the greatest conflict in the tale was between the order of society and the forces that tried to go against it—between those who have things and those who want things, and between humans and animal nature. She felt that Peter was a symbol of “rebellion”.



1979 (song)

"1979" is a song by the American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins. It was released as the second single from their third studio album, "Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness". "1979" was written by frontman Billy Corgan, and features loops and samples that were not like previous Smashing Pumpkins songs. The song was popular with critics and fans; Allmusic's Amy Hanson called it a "somewhat surprising hit". The song was nominated for the Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the Grammy Awards. They won an MTV Video Music Award for Best Alternative Video.
 

Peugeot 407

The Peugeot 407 was a car produced by Peugeot. It succeeded the 406 in 2004, facelifted in 2008 and it was succeeded by the 508 in 2011.



Volkswagen Caddy

The Volkswagen Caddy is a van produced by Volkswagen in four generations since 1979.

The first generation Caddy were produced from 1979 until 1996. It was based on the Volkswagen Golf Mk1.

The second generation was produced from 1995 until 2004. Two versions were available: a van based on the Volkswagen Polo Mk3, and a pickup truck based on the Škoda Felicia.

The third generation was produced from 2003 to 2020. It is based on the Volkswagen Golf Mk5.

The fourth generation was launched in 2020. It is based on the Volkswagen Golf Mk8.

SummerSlam (2010)

SummerSlam (2010) is a professional wrestling pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), that took place on August 15, 2010 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. It was the 23rd yearly SummerSlam event. There were 6 matches on the card.

TLC: Tables, Ladders &amp; Chairs (2009)

TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs (2009) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), that took place on December 13, 2009 at the AT&T Center in San Antonio, Texas. It was the first event held by the WWE and was created to replace the Armageddon in the December slot of WWE's pay-per-view calendar.

Two of Us (song)

"Two of Us" is a song by The Beatles. It was written by Paul McCartney, but it is credited to Lennon/McCartney. Lennon and McCartney sang the song as a duet. It was written for Linda Eastman, McCartney's soon to be wife. It sometimes sounds like it is addressing Lennon, whose relationship with McCartney was tense at that time.

At the beginning of the recording Lennon says, "'I Dig a Pygmy', by and the Deaf Aids... Phase One, in which Doris gets her oats!" The joke was mixed in by Phil Spector for the "Let It Be" album and also appeared in the "Let It Be" film, both released in 1970. "I Dig a Pygmy" is an obvious reference to Lennon's song "Dig a Pony" that follows in the album's track order. "The deaf aids" – a British term for hearing aids at the time – was also the nickname given to the Beatles' Vox amplifiers.

"Two of Us" was originally a hard rock song. In the "Let It Be" film, McCartney and Lennon sing the song "rocker" style into the same microphone. McCartney had never been satisfied with this style, which he said was "chunky." And so on 24 January, he and the band reworked it. Lennon had ideas about how the song might sound if Stevie Wonder performed it, and just before revisiting the song, the band had run through the Everly Brothers hit "Cathy's Clown". With these influences and a move from electric guitar to acoustic, the song transformed into the gentler, stripped-down version that fans know today. The Beatles performed a finished version of the song live at Apple Studios on 31 January 1969; this performance was included in both the "Let it Be" film and album.

The song was originally titled "On Our Way Home". In May 1969, McCartney produced a recording of the song using this title by the group Mortimer, a New York City trio that briefly recorded for Apple, but this recording was never released.

In his 1980 interview with "Playboy", when asked who wrote the song, Lennon said "mine", but he may have been distracted at the time by a previous question about "Don't Let Me Down."

In fact, in his 1972 interview with the Hit Parader, Lennon said that Two of Us was written by McCartney.



Dig a Pony

"Dig a Pony" is a song by The Beatles.

John Lennon was the song's composer and singer but the song was credited to Lennon/McCartney. It was originally called "All I Want Is You". Lennon would later comment that he thought the song was "a piece of garbage," though he has shown similar scorn for many of his songs. It was written for his soon-to-be wife Yoko Ono, and featured a multitude of strange, seemingly nonsense phrases which were strung together, culminating in the chorus "All I want is you", aimed at Yoko.

The song was one of the songs on "Let It Be" that was recorded at the rooftop concert. It begins with a false start, with Ringo Starr yelling "hold it!" to halt the other band members because he was holding a cigarette and had only one drum stick in his hand.


Not Afraid

"Not Afraid" is a 2010 hip hop song by the American rapper Eminem, and is the first single from his seventh studio album "Recovery", which was released in April 27, 2010. The song was written by Eminem, Boi-1da, Luis Resto, J. Evans and M. Burnett.

The song is about how Eminem tried to overcome the troubles in his life from the past few years and mainly his drug addiction and rehabilitation.

Recovery

Recovery is the seventh studio album by American rapper Eminem. It was released on June 18, 2010 by Aftermath Entertainment and Shady Records. The album got very good sales and reviews. Four singles were released from the album: "Not Afraid", "Love the Way You Lie", "No Love", and "Space Bound". It won the 2011 Grammy Award for Best Rap Album.

Joan Sutherland

Dame Joan Alston Sutherland (7 November 1926 – 10 October 2010) was an Australian operatic soprano, particularly associated with bel canto repertory and French operas. She possessed a voice of great beauty and considerable power combined with extraordinary agility and a brilliant upper register. She was called "La Stupenda" by the Italian press, which means "The Stupendous One".

Born in Sydney, Australia, she studied first with her mother and later with John and Aida Dickens. After a few public appearances, notably in Henry Purcell's "Dido and Aenas" and Eugene Goossens' "Judith", she left for London, England in 1951 to continue her vocal studies with Clive Carey.

She was hired by the Royal Opera House as a utility soprano, making her debut in 1952, as the First Lady in Mozart's "The Magic Flute". She went on singing a wide variety of roles such as Amelia ("Un ballo in maschera"), Aida ("Aida"), Agathe ("Der Freischutz") and Eva ("Die Meistersinger von Nurnberg"), and also created the role of Jennifer in Michael Tippett's "The Midsummer Marriage" in 1955. 

She met and married fellow countryman and accompanist Richard Bonynge in 1954, who recognized her potential for the bel canto repertoire and guided her in that direction. This led to her appearance in Donizetti's "Emilia di Liverpool" and Handel's "Alcina" in 1957, and eventually the title role in "Lucia di Lammermoor" at the Royal Opera House in 1959, which proved a sensational success and launched her international career.

She was rapidly invited to appear at most of the great opera houses of the world (Milan, Paris, New York, etc.) to great acclaim. Some of her most famous roles include; Rossini's "Semiramide", Bellini's "La sonnambula", "Norma", "Beatrice di Tenda", "I puritani", Donizetti's "Lucrezia Borgia", "Maria Stuarda", Verdi's "La traviata", amongst many others. She also resurrected some long neglected works like Massenet's "Le Roi de Lahore" and "Esclarmonde".

Sutherland retired from the stage in 1990. She was made a Dame of the British Empire (DBE) in 1978. She died of cardiopulmonary failure at her home near Montreux, Switzerland, at the age of 83. She was buried at the nearby cemetery of Clarens. 


Love the Way You Lie

"Love the Way You Lie" is a 2010 hip hop song by the American rapper Eminem and featured Barbadian singer Rihanna, and is the second single from his seventh studio album "Recovery", which was released in 2010. The song was written by Eminem, A. Grant, H. Hafferman, M. Riddick.

H. Hafferman is Holly Brook Hafermann who now writes and records as Skylar Grey.

The song's music video stars Megan Fox and Dominic Monaghan as a couple in a violent abusive love-hate relationship.

Han Seung-yeon

Han Seung-yeon (; born on July 24, 1988, in Seoul) is a South Korean singer, known for being a member of girl group Kara, formed by DSP Entertainment in 2007.

Han Seung-yeon was born on July 24, 1988, in Seoul, South Korea. She left Korea to study at Tenafly High School in the United States. However, she left high school mid-course in order to pursue a singing career. After returning to Korea, she debuted as a singer on March 29, 2007, as a member of Kara along with Park Gyu-ri, Nicole and Kim Sunghee.

She passed a high-school level qualification examination, the College Scholastic Ability Test, and was accepted by the Kyung Hee University, majoring in department of Theater and Film.

Kara debuted on March 29, 2007 with "Break It" on M! Countdown. Their first album named "The First Blooming". In 2008, however, Kim Sunghee left the group. DSP Entertainment replaced members, Goo Hara and Kang Jiyoung, and Kara comeback with Rock U, which changed their image "Hip-hop" to "cute" and "playful".

In December 4, 2008, Kara have their comeback starting on M! Countdown with "Pretty Girl". In February 2009, Kara released their second mini-album "Honey". "Honey" became the group's first #1 single when it was at the top of the "M! Countdown" and The Music Trend.

In late July 2009, Kara revealed their second album named "Revolution". Due to the popularity of the song, Wanna and Mister, Kara's overall popularity increased. Kara started their promotions in the beginning of 2010 with their third mini-album which eventually was at the top of the Various music shows like "M! Countdown","Music Bank" etc. It was at the top of Music Bank for a consecutive 6 weeks. "Lupin".

Han Seungyeon debuted as a child actress in a cameo role in "Star in My Heart".

Due to Kara's debut album "The First Blooming" being relatively unsuccessful, Seungyeon went on to participate in many variety shows from 2007 to early 2009 in order to keep Kara recognizable to the public. She was the VJ for "MSL Break" from 2007 to 2008. She replaced Tiffany of Girls' Generation as co-host of "Sonyeo Sonyeon Gayo Baekso" (Boys and Girls Music Guide) with Kim Hyesung and later with actor Kim Soohyeon. Their segment ended on May 8, 2009. 
From October to December 2008, she was part of the cast of MBC reality show "Family Needed", where a group of celebrities would live life as a family, consisting of a father, mother, son and daughter. She also became part of MBC's entertainment news show "Section TV" as a "pop columnist", debuting on November 21, 2008. She also made a guest appearance on rapper Nassun's single "Nolleowa" (, ""Come to Play""), which was released in March 2009, and appeared on the soundtrack for the movie "Welcome to my House", releasing her first solo song "Gijeok" (, ""Miracle""). 
She became part of the "Dream Team Girl Group" for Samsung's Anycall called "4 Tomorrow". Their first digital single "Dugeunduguen Tomorrow" (, ""BeatBeat Tomorrow"") was released on October 6, 2009, and the official music video was released on October 12, starring actor Lee Dong Gun, who will also star in each member's individual drama version of the video. Seungyeon's version was released on October 26, 2009.



Time Flies... 1994–2009

Time Flies... 1994–2009 is a compilation album released by the rock band Oasis. The album contains all 27 UK singles released by the band between 1994 and 2009. The record features the songs "Whatever" and "Lord Don't Slow Me Down" which had previously never appeared on an Oasis album. "Sunday Morning Call" is not listed anywhere on the artwork but appears as a hidden track on Disc 2, track 13. The reason for this is not known.

Five different versions of the album were released. They are the 2CD version, DVD, the Deluxe Box Set, 5LP Box Set and the iTunes Deluxe Edition.
In Japan it entered the charts at number 2 with sales of 59,348 copies. The album entered the charts at number 1 in the UK with the second highest first week sales in 2010 to date with 101,297.

A boxset featuring postcards of the sleeves of every UK Oasis single was released concurrently with the album.


The DVD includes all the music videos from "Supersonic" to "Falling Down", and in addition, previous unreleased live video versions of "Gas Panic!", and "Little by Little". Also includes commentary on music videos by Oasis members. 
Two iTunes Live Festival videos of "Half the World Away" and "Slide Away" are only available with the iTunes Deluxe Edition.

All tracks recorded live at the London Roundhouse from the iTunes Festival 2009. Tracks 1, 7, 12 and 20 are only available with the iTunes Deluxe Edition.* = released as part of the "iTunes Festival 2009" EP.


Chicken Huntin'

"Chicken Huntin'" is a 1995 midwest hip hop song by the American Horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse and is the first single from their third studio album "Riddle Box", which was released in 1995. The song was produced by Insane Clown Posse and Mike Clark.

The song is about meeting and killing multiple racist rednecks, who the band referred to as 'Chickens'.

Halls of Illusions

"Halls of Illusions" is a 1997 midwest hip hop song by the American horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse. It is the first single from their fourth studio album "The Great Milenko" (1997). The song was produced by Insane Clown Posse and Mike Clark. It featured Slash on guitar.

The song is about the band's hatred towards child abuse and domestic violence.
The song has swearing but is loved by many Juggalos.

Little ground squirrel

The little ground squirrel ("Spermophilus pygmaeus") is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family. It is found in Georgia, Kazakhstan, Russia, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan. 

The Caucasian mountain ground squirrel, "Spermophilus musicus", was previously a subspecies, but is now a separate species.

This species is diurnal and lives in grassland, uncultivated ground, field edges and roadside verges. It avoids areas with dense long vegetation. It lives in colonies and builds burrows. It makes permanent burrows for hibernation and reproduction and temporary burrows for shelter. Before hibernation, all exits from the burrow are plugged by soil. In March or April the entrances are opened, the burrows cleaned and new construction starts. It uses mounds on the surface as look-out points.

Montserrat Caballé

Montserrat Caballé (12 April 1933 – 6 October 2018) was a Spanish (Catalan) operatic soprano. She was one of the greatest opera singers of the 20th century. She sang a wide variety of roles. She was particularly associated with the bel canto repertoire in which she was considered one of the finest modern examples. She had a voice of great range.

Caballé was born in Barcelona, Spain. She studied at the Music Conservatory there and graduated in 1954 with a gold medal. She began her professional career in Basel in 1956 as Mimi in "La bohème". She then joined the Bremen Opera. She sang from 1959 to 1962 in a wide variety of roles.

International recognition came in 1965, when she appeared in a concert performance of Donizetti's "Lucrezia Borgia" at Carnegie Hall in New York City as a replacement for an indisposed Marilyn Horne. The performance won her great acclaim from the public and critics alike, and it made her an overnight sensation. Her success led to her first performance at the Metropolitan Opera that same year as Marguerite in Gounod's "Faust". 

She was later invited to sing at most of the major opera houses and festivals of the world. She was especially admired in works by composers such as Rossini, Donizetti, Bellini and Verdi. She revived a number of long-neglected works by these composers.

In 1987, she duetted with Queen frontman Freddie Mercury for the hit single "Barcelona". That single became a hit again in 1992 during the Olympics that were being held there. 

From 1964 until her death, she was married to tenor Bernabé Martí. They had two children.

Caballé died on 6 October 2018 at the age of 85 from a gallbladder infection in Barcelona.


Maria Callas

Maria Callas (December 3, 1923 – September 16, 1977) was a Greek soprano. She was one of the most famous and most controversial opera singers of the 20th century. She had a very distinctive voice of great range, power and agility enabling her to sing a wide variety of roles and was a singer-actress of great dramatic intensity. She was dubbed "La Divina" ("The Divine One") by her admirers. She was mainly associated with the Italian repertoire, particularly Bellini's "Norma", Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor", Verdi's "La traviata" and Puccini's "Tosca".

Maria was born Maria Kalogeroupoulou at Terence Cardinal Cooke Health Care Center in New York City, to Greek parents, she returned to Greece in 1937, with her mother and older sister. There, she studied singing with Elvira de Hidalgo, and made her debut while still a teenager with the Athens Opera in 1941.

During a short return to America to visit her father in 1945, she auditioned at the Metropolitan Opera without success. Her first major break came with her Italian debut in Verona in 1947, as "La Gioconda". There, she met conductor Tullio Serafin who became her mentor and guided her towards the bel canto repertoire. She sang her first "Norma" in Florence in 1948, and the following year, as a last minute replacement, she appeared as Elvira in Bellini's "I puritani" in Venice, which was to be her first great success. 

In 1949, she married industrialist Giovanni Battista Meneghini who became her manager. She was sometimes known as Maria Meneghini Callas after her marriage. 

Shortly after, she made her debut at La Scala in Milan, where the major part of her career and greatest triumphs were to take place. In collaboration with conductors like Carlo Maria Giulini, Leonard Bernstein, Gianandrea Gavazzeni, and directors like Franco Zeffirelli and Luchino Visconti, lavish productions of works such as Cherubini's "Medea", Spontini's "La Vestale", Bellini's "La sonnambula" and "Norma", Donizetti's "Anna Bolena" and "Poliuto", Verdi's "La traviata" and "Un ballo in maschera", were made especially for her to great acclaim. 

She also made guest appearances at the Royal Opera House in London, the Berlin State Opera, the Paris Opéra, the Lyric Chicago Opera, the Dallas Opera and the Metropolitan Opera in New York City. 

In 1958, she met Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis which led to her divorce from Meneghini, and slowly began to withdraw from the stage. Her final appearance was in "Tosca" in London in 1965. She made a last world concert tour in 1973–74 with her often partner tenor Giuseppe Di Stefano, but by then her voice was almost gone. 

Callas died of a heart attack in Paris, France, at the age of 53.


Ultramarine

Ultramarine is a blue pigment, and the name of a blue colour. The pigment is found naturally. It is ground down from a mineral called Lazurite, the main component of lapis lazuli. The colour is due to the presence of S−3 anions (trisulfur).

Synthetic ultramarine is a more vivid blue than natural ultramarine, since the particles in synthetic ultramarine are smaller and more uniform than natural ultramarine and therefore diffuse light more evenly.

Artificial, like natural, ultramarine has a magnificent blue colour. Since it is not affected by light or contact with oil or lime, it is used in painting. 

A small addition of zinc-white (zinc oxide) causes the colour to become less vivid (~bright). Synthetic ultramarine, invented in the 1820s, is very cheap. It is largely used for wall painting, the printing of paperhangings and calico. It is also used to correct the yellowish tinge found in things meant to be white, such as linen, paper, etc. Bluing or "laundry blue" is a solution of synthetic ultramarine (sometimes, prussian blue) that is used for this purpose when washing white clothes. Large amounts are used in making paper, especially the kind of pale blue writing paper popular in Britain. During World War I, the RAF painted the outer roundels with a colour based on ultramarine blue. This became BS 108(381C) Aircraft Blue. It was replaced in the 1960s by a new color based on phthalocyanine blue, BS110(381C) Roundel Blue.


The Last Airbender (video game)

The Last Airbender is a video game for Wii and Nintendo DS. It is based on the movie of the same name. It was released on 29 June 2010 in USA. It was released in Europe on 6 August 2010. It will be released in Australia on September 2010. Like the previous games, it was developed by THQ Studio Australia and published by THQ.





Nicktoons Nitro

Nicktoons Nitro is a video game which is a sequel to "Nicktoons Racing" and "Nicktoons Winners Cup Racing". It features characters from the TV shows: "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Danny Phantom", "", "The Fairly OddParents", "Invader Zim", "", "Back at the Barnyard", "The Mighty B!", "Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy", "Kappa Mikey", "Dora the Explorer", "Go, Diego, Go!", "Wow! Wow! Wubbzy!", "Ni Hao, Kai-Lan", "Maggie and the Ferocious Beast", and "My Life as a Teenage Robot", The game features "Mario Kart" like gameplay. The game was released in 2009 as an arcade game by developer Raw Thrills.





Lead carbonate

Lead carbonate is a compound composed of lead and carbonate ions. It contains lead in the +2 oxidation state. It is made by mixing lead(II) acetate and carbon dioxide. It does not dissolve in water. It is poisonous because it has lead in it. It produces lead(II) oxide when heated.


Lead nitrate

Lead nitrate is a chemical compound. It has lead and nitrate ions in it. It was known long ago as plumb dulcis. The lead is in the +2 oxidation state. 

Lead nitrate is a white solid. It is one of the few lead compounds that can dissolve in water. Lead(II) acetate is the other lead compound that can dissolve. It is an oxidizing agent. It crackles when it is heated. It is toxic because it has lead in it. 

It is made by dissolving lead, lead(II) oxide, or lead(II) carbonate in nitric acid. 

It is used to make other lead compounds.


Lead(II) acetate

Lead(II) acetate is a chemical compound composed of lead and acetate ions. It contains lead in the +2 oxidation state. It is also known as sugar of lead, salt of Saturn, and Goulard's powder. It is used to make other lead compounds. It dissolves in water, although most lead compounds do not. Lead nitrate does though. It is used in cosmetics and testing for hydrogen sulfide. It is toxic because it contains lead.


Acetate

Acetate, also known as ethanoate, is the salt of acetic acid (vinegar). It is formed when acetic acid is deprotonated. Its chemical formula is CHCOOH when it exists as an ion. Acetate salts turn brown when heated, and smell like acetic acid.

Acetate is usually found as part of a compound formed as a salt, for example sodium acetate, often as the product of a neutralisation reaction of acetic acid and a base.


Beverly Sills

Beverly Sills (May 25, 1929 – July 2, 2007) is an American operatic soprano particularly associated with Italian bel canto and French operas. 

Born Belle Silverman, in Brooklyn, New York, as a child prodigy, she began singing on radio shows at the age of three and began formal vocal studies at the age of seven with Estelle Liebling.

She began her professional career in 1947 with touring companies and later joined the New York City Opera in 1955. After singing a wide variety of roles, she obtained her first great success with Douglas Moore's "The Ballad of Baby Doe" in 1959, and finally achieved international recognition in 1966, with the role of Cleopatra in Handel's "Giulio Cesare".
This was followed by the much acclaimed Donizetti's Tudor trilogy "Anna Bolena", "Maria Stuarda" and "Roberto Devereux". 

This led to her being invited to sing at the Vienna State Opera (1968), La Scala in Milan (1969), the Royal Opera House in London (1970), and finally at the Metropolitan Opera in New York in 1975. 
Other notable roles have included; "I Capuleti e Montecchi", "I puritani", "Lucia di Lammermoor", "La traviata", "Les contes d'Hoffmann", "Manon" and "Thais".

She retired from the stage in 1980, and took on the direction of the New York City Opera until 1989. 

Sills died in New York City, of lung cancer.

Car battery

A car battery or automotive battery is a rechargeable battery which is used to start a car. The battery is used to start the motor. After that, the motor operates a generator to charge the battery. Most are lead acid batteries, although some electric cars can have other batteries. Car batteries can be replaced and recycled when they cannot be recharged anymore.

They are used to power important electrical components and stabilize the voltage that keeps the engine running by converting chemical energy into electrical energy.

All the electrical accessories in a car are controlled and powered by an alternator which converts some of the engines mechanical energy into electrical energy. The alternator charges the internal battery of the car. The alternator is powered by the timing belt which only moves once the car is started and therefore it cannot be used to start the car and that is why a battery is needed. The alternator works with a timing belt that rests on a pulley attached to the alternator that moves once the car is started. When the timing belt spins the pulley, it turns a rotator shaft attached to the pulley which spins magnets around a coil. The spinning magnets create alternating current around the coil. That is directed to the rectifier which changes it into direct current. That is used to power the car and its electrical systems.

The cars internal computer, also know as the Electric Control Unit (ECU) decides the fuel injection, exhaust system requirements and throttle response. For petrol engines it also can control the spark plug timing to ignite the mixture of air and fuel in the cylinder. It is primarily powered by the alternator but before the car is started, it must be powered by the battery as it decides the fuel injection and spark timing which are one of the key factors in getting a car started. The internal battery of the car also works as a surge protector, protecting the ECU from AC voltage spikes that typically last from 1 to 30 microseconds and can reach over 1,000 volts.


Barium sulfate

Barium sulfate is a chemical compound composed of barium and sulfate ions. It contains barium in the +2 oxidation state, as in all barium compounds. It does not dissolve in water. If it did, it would be very toxic. It is used in X-rays of the stomach and intestines to see whether there is a problem with them. Its chemical formula is BaSO.


Jetix

Jetix is a TV brand owned by Walt Disney. It existed from 2004 to 2010 worldwide. The brand was started in the United States in February 2004. It was retired in most countries in 2009. In the Netherlands, it was retired in January. In Russia, it was retired in August 2010.

Family Guy: Season 10 Episode 2

Jetix Play started on various European channels replacing Fox Kids Play. It aired mainly pre-school shows. The brand was retired in most countries in August 2010. It was not rebranded in Romania until March 2011. In most countries it was replaced by Playhouse Disney. In the United Kingdom and Russia, it had no replacement.

Jetix Action Block started in Spain in 2007 as a block on Star One. The block aired mainly shows which aired on the main Jetix channel. The block was discontinued in both regions in 2010.

Jetix +1 was a timeshift service in the United Kingdom and Italy. It aired shows which aired an hour earlier on the main channel.

PBS Kids

PBS Kids is the educational children's programming brand of the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS). It started in 1994. Its programming is non-commercial, like all PBS programming. PBS Kids programs (or shows) are mostly shown in the daytime. These programs are meant for children between the ages of 2 and 8 (for example: "Barney and Friends", "Sesame Street", and "Arthur"). PBS Kids' programs use science, math and reading. Some of them also include social studies. All of the programs give a problem that the children have to solve. An example of these problems would be what to do when two children want to play with the same thing and start to fight (teaching the importance of sharing).

PBS had historically aired programs for children such as "Sesame Street", "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood", and "Reading Rainbow"; prior to 1993, these programs aired under general PBS branding. In August 1993, PBS introduced new branding for their children's programs featuring "The P-Pals", animated characters shaped like PBS logos who encouraged skills such as gathering information, self-esteem, cooperation and achieving goals in specially developed interstitials.

The framework for PBS Kids was established as part of PBS' Ready to Learn initiative, a project intended to facilitate access of early childhood educational programming to underprivileged children. On July 11, 1994, PBS repackaged their existing children's educational programming as a new block called "PTV", airing on 11 member stations at launch. In addition to scheduled educational programming, PTV also incorporated interstitial content with the P-Pals in their fictional world "PTV Park" for younger children. Older children were targeted with live-action and music video interstitials.

Apple Computer provided a $1.5 million grant to PTV and became its first national underwriter on June 26, 1995, as part of their "Bring Learning Home" corporate initiative. A "Ready To Learn" grant unveiled on January 8, 1996, supported the development of "Dragon Tales" and "Between the Lions", which premiered in 1999 and 2000, respectively, as well as their online activities and outreach efforts. By September 1996, 95 PBS stations reaching three quarters of the United States were carrying the PTV service. Starting on October 7, 1996, PBS packaged their programs for school-aged children into the block "The Game", airing on 31 stations by the end of the year.

PBS announced on January 18, 1999, that it would launch the PBS Kids Channel, meant to be the centerpiece of a larger initiative, in September. On June 9, PBS revealed a wide rebranding of its children's programs and services, known as PBS Kids, at its annual meeting in San Francisco. PBS would also increase its children's programming budget by 25% and commit to two new series: "Caillou" and "".

See List of programs broadcast by PBS Kids

Anne of the Thousand Days

Anne of the Thousand Days is a British-American movie, produced by Hal Wallis and directed by Charles Jarrott, written by Bridget Bolan, John Hale and Richard Sokolove, after Maxwell Anderson's 1948 play of the same name. The movie was released by Universal Studios on December 18, 1969.

It relates the love affair of King Henry VIII of England and Anne Boleyn, which led to the king's divorce from his first wife Queen Catherine of Aragon, and the break of England from the Church of Rome. When Anne fails to give a male heir to the throne, the king turns against her and has her executed (killed).


The movie won an Academy Award for best costumes. Geneviève Bujold and Charles Jarrott won the Golden Globe Award for best actress and best director respectively.

Dpkg

dpkg is the name of a computer package management system. It is the primary package manager of the Debian GNU/Linux operating system. It was written in the C programming language, and started in 1993.

Package management system

A package management system keeps track of information about software packages: what files go where, and which package owns that file, therefore behaving like a phone directory. Examples of package management systems for Linux include dpkg, rpm and emerge. In Microsoft Windows, "Add/Remove Programs"/"Programs and Features" are like package managers, but use no format (it leaves it up to the program).

Molde FK

Molde FK is a football club from Norway. It was formed in 1911. They have won the Norwegian FA Cup two times.

Christian Gauseth

Christian Gauseth (born 26 June 1984) is a Norwegian football player. He plays for Mjøndalen.
He has played for Træff, Groruddalen, Molde and Bryne in the past.

He was born and raised in Molde.

The highlight of his career was his dive when he played for Bryne against Haugesund in 2009.

His best moments in football was when he played in the Eliteserien for Mjøndalen.

Invasive species

An invasive species is a species which is not native to the place where it is found. It has moved from its native area, where it grew naturally, into a new area. Often it becomes a nuisance species, because in its new habitat it lacks its old enemies. Normally, as a species evolves, so do the things which eat it or parasitise it. Free of natural restraints, the invading species outcompetes its new neighbours.

, for example, is called "The weed which ate the South" because it went out of control in the southern United States. The introduction of starlings to North America is another example.

Natural events sometimes allow species to invade new places, as in the Great American Interchange.

The house sparrow, "Passer domesticus", native to Europe and Asia, has been introduced to North and South America and Australia.

It was introduced deliberately to the U.S.A. in the late 19th century by Eugene Schieffelin. He wanted to introduce to America all the birds mentioned in the works of Shakespeare. Two of these species were great successes: starlings and house sparrows. He organized a society for the importation of foreign birds, incorporated in Albany.


Habitat destruction

Habitat destruction is when a habitat is no longer able to support the plants, animals, or other organisms that live in it. When this happens, the organisms could die. Some might move to other places.

Habitat loss can happen naturally. Wildfires can destroy plants that animals need to live in or to eat. Lava flows from volcanoes can do the same thing.

Habitat loss can also be caused by the actions of people. For example, when trees are cut down, birds who nested in the trees can no longer live there. Clearing grassland to make habitats for people can take away habitat for other animals. Some natural habitats are protected by laws, for example National parks.

Torpsbruk

Torpsbruk is a locality in Alvesta Municipality, Kronoberg County, Sweden. In 2005, 354 people lived there.

Divorce (movie)

Divorce is a 1945 drama movie. It is about a woman who has divorced many times. She sets her sights on her married childhood friend. It stars Kay Francis, Bruce Cabot, and Helen Mack.


Shame (Alvtegen novel)

Shame is a novel by Swedish crime-writer Karin Alvtegen. It was shortlisted for the Duncan Lawrie International Dagger award for crime novels in translation, and was translated into English by Steven T. Murray in 2006. The novel was originally published in Sweden in 2005.


Japanese Grand Prix

The Japanese Grand Prix is a race the FIA Formula One World Championship calendar. Usually, this race is one of the last races of the season.

The Japanese Grand Prix has been hosted by both the Fuji Speedway and the Suzuka Circuit. Fuji Speedway is owned by Toyota and Suzuka Circuit is owned by their rival Honda. In July 2009, Toyota announced it would not host the race at Fuji Speedway in 2010 and beyond due to a downturn in the global economy.

The first Formula 1 Japanese Grand Prix, in , was held at the Fuji Speedway, west of Yokohama. The race was to become famous for the battle between James Hunt and Niki Lauda for the championship. The race was held during monsoon rain conditions. Lauda had survived a near-fatal crash at the German Grand Prix earlier in the season. He withdrew from the Japanese Grand Prix fearing for his safety. Hunt finished third, and ended up winning championship by a margin of one point.

Hunt returned to win the second Japanese Grand Prix. There was a collision between Gilles Villeneuve and Ronnie Peterson in the race. Villeneuve's Ferrari flew off the track and killed two spectators. The Japanese Grand Prix did not return to Formula One for another decade.

Formula One returned to Japan in 1987. This time, it was hosted by the Suzuka Circuit, south west of Nagoya. The circuit was set inside a amusement park, and owned by Honda. Honda used the circuit as a test track. The Suzuka circuit was the first figure-eight race track in F1. One section of the track passes over the other on a bridge.

The FIA announced on 24 March 24 2006 that future races will again be held at Fuji Speedway. Fuji had been redesigned by Hermann Tilke.

Formula One announced On 8 September 2007, that Fuji will alternate hosting the Japanese Grand Prix with Suzuka. This will start in 2009.

In July 2009, Toyota cited a global economic slump as the reason that the Japanese Grand Prix would not return to Fuji Speedway in 2010 and beyond. The speedway argued, according to the Associated Press, that "continuing to host F1 races could threaten the survival of the company." As a result, the 2010 Grand Prix will be held at Suzuka.

Fuji Television Japanese Grand Prix 1987-2009

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Between 1998-2005 built by Ilmor

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Built by Cosworth

2020 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2021 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic 2022 Max Verstappen Red Bull-RBPT 2023 Max Verstappen Red Bull-Honda RBPT


James Maritato

James Maritato (born March 12, 1972 in Sicily, Italy) is an Italian-born American professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). Nunzio is currently wrestling with the National Wrestling Alliance.

Nunzio has won many belts with different wrestling promotions:



The Legend of Korra

The Legend of Korra is an American animated television series aired on Nickelodeon. It follows an eponymous female Avatar and a native to the water tribe, attempting to bring peace to the world during the cycle. Unlike "Avatar: The Last Airbender", the sequel is set in Republic City, a place where people of all nations, benders and non-benders, live together. The city depicts crime and is rattled by an anti-bender revolt, which serve as challenges for each characters.

"The Last Airbender: Legend of Korra" takes place 70 years after "Avatar: The Last Airbender". Korra is the next Avatar after Aang, a rebellious girl who is hotheaded, independent and "ready to take on the world". Korra comes from the Southern Water Tribe, and has already mastered Earth, Fire, and Water. Aang and Katara's son Tenzin is her Airbending teacher.

One of the story's settings is Republic City, a "metropolis powered by steam-type technology", "inhabited by people from all four nations". Here Korra must deal with rampant crime and an anti-bender revolt. Mike and Bryan have said that the world of Avatar has "definitely changed, and evolved, and advanced, but we're very conscious of keeping the same feeling. Not totally different, but it's definitely generations later."

The Legend of Korra finally came to an end after four short seasons, with each season averaging twelve episodes. Even during production with inner conflict inside Nickelodeon, which pushed the creators jump from TV to strictly online; came part way through the series. Whether or not the jump alienated fans or gained more viewers is unknown, but it was an interesting move nonetheless. The series finale occurred on December 19, 2014. A lot of controversy was drawn out over how the series ended, due to the fact that in the final scene it implied that Asami and Korra became a couple.

Marley &amp; Me (movie)

Marley & Me is a 2008 American comedy-drama movie that is produced by Gil Netter and Karen Rosenfeltand was directed by David Frankle. The movie opened in theaters on December 25, 2008 and set a record for the largest Christmas Day box office open ever with $14.75 million in ticket sales.

This movie is based on the novel and is about a couple, John (Owen Wilson) and Jenny Grogan (Jennifer Aniston) who just get married and move from Michigan to Florida. They get jobs at a local newspaper and Jenny wants a baby so their co-worker, Sebastian Tunney (Eric Dane) suggest they get a puppy before they have a baby to see if they will be good parents. They go shopping for puppies and come across a litter of new born yellow Labrador Retrievers, They decide to chose Marley and Marley immediately becomes a handful so they take her to dog trainer Ms. Kornblut (Kathleen Turner) and when Marley doesn't listen to her commands she expels her from her dog class.

Editor Arnie Klein (Alan Arkin) offers John a twice-weekly column in which he can discuss things that are fun and not fun about everyday living. After having writer's block, John notices the misadventures of Marley and thought that it might be the perfect topic for his first piece. Arnie agrees, and John settles into his new position.

Marley continues to give John new material for his column by causing havoc on the house and readers loved it. Jenny becomes pregnant but the baby dies in her first trimester so they decide to take a belated honeymoon to Ireland and leave Marley with a dog sitter and becomes a handful for the dog sitter because of the thunderstorms that are around there. Upon returning from their honeymoon Jenny finds that she is pregnant again and gives birth to a girl, Liv. Jenny also has a second child Connor and quits her job to become a stay-at-home mom and John take the daily column at work to increase their paycheck. With the crime rate near their home, John and Jenny move to a house in a safer neighbourhood in Boca Raton. Jenny is experiencing all the signs of postpartum depression though she denies it and grows impatient of Marley and John and thinks they should give Marley away while John asks Sebastian to take care of her but Jenny realizes that Marley has become an indispensable part of the family and decides that she can stay. Sebastian takes a job in New York for "The New York Times" and moves. A couple years later Jenny has a third child a daughter, Colleen. The family moves to Pennsylvania when John takes a job for "The Philadelphia Inquirer" with Jenny's approval. Life is good until Marley begins to have arthritis and deafness and develops an attack of gastric dilatation volvulus though she survives it she has another attack and it was clear that surgery would not help the situation, John has Marley euthanized while beside her. The family bury Marley under a tree in their front yard after paying their last respects to her.


"Marley & Me" got mostly positive reviews from reviewers:



Gordon Campbell

Gordon Muir Campbell, OBC, (born January 12, 1948 in Vancouver, British Columbia) was the 34th Premier of British Columbia. Campbell was also the 41st mayor of Vancouver.

On November 3, 2010, Campbell announced that he would resign as the Premier of British Columbia.

Campbell was born to in Vancouver to Charles Gordon Campbell (a doctor and an assistant dean of medicine at The University of British Columbia) and Peg Campbell (a kindergarten assistant). When Campbell was 6, his father committed suicide and he was raised by his mother with 3 siblings.

In January of 2003, He was arrested and pled no contest for driving under the influence of alcohol while vacationing in Hawaii. He was fined 913 US dollars and the court ordered him to take part in a substance abuse program, and to be assessed for alcoholism. His mugshot was released by the Hawaiian police and it is commonly used in attack ads.


Dev Patel

Dev Patel (Gujarati: દેવ પટેલ; born 23 April 1990) is a British actor.

Noah Ringer

Noah Andrew Ringer (born November 18, 1996) is an American actor. He starred as ang in the movie "The Last Airbender". He was discovered in an open casting call for "Airbender" in Texas. He was in the film "Cowboys & Aliens" as Emmett.

Ringer is a young taekwondo practitioner who was born and raised in Dallas, Texas. At age 12, he achieved a first-degree black belt rank with the American Taekwondo Association and is proficient with a variety of Eastern weapons. He is part of a taekwondo club, from which he heard about Paramount Pictures' open casting call to play Aang. For his audition, he sent in a homemade video that depicted him showing off his skills in martial arts. After being signed for The Last Airbender movie, he joined the Creative Artists Agency.

Ringer attended the 2010 Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards on March 27 with his "Airbender" cast mates Nicola Peltz, Dev Patel, and Jackson Rathbone to debut the new TV spot for the film. He watched Nicola Peltz and Jackson Rathbone perform "Slimebending". While on site, he was interviewed by the Los Angeles Times about the movie.


Nicola Peltz

Nicola Peltz (born January 9, 1995) is an American actress. She played Katara in the 2010 movie "The Last Airbender", directed by M. Night Shyamalan.

Peltz was born in Westchester County, New York, the daughter of billionaire businessman Nelson Peltz. She has four older brothers, two younger brothers, and a sister. When she was younger, she attended Rye Country Day School in Rye, New York and from there went to Windward School in White Plains, New York. Her most recent school is the Professional Children's School in Manhattan, New York.

She played Katara in the movie "The Last Airbender". She was also in the 2006 movie "Deck the Halls", playing Mackenzie, and "Harold" in 2008, where she was cast as Becki. She made a brief appearance in Miley Cyrus's "7 Things" music video. On 27 March 2010, she made an appearance at the Kids Choice Awards 2010 on Nickelodeon, and also appeared at the 2010 MTV Movie Awards, along with "The Last Airbender" co-star Jackson Rathbone, to present a trailer for "The Last Airbender".


Norma (opera)

Norma is an Italian opera in two acts. The music was composed by Vincenzo Bellini. The libretto is by Felice Romani.The opera was first performed at La Scala in Milan, on December 26, 1831. The work was based on Louis Alexandre Soumet's play "Norma ou l'infanticide". "Norma" is Bellini's masterpiece and one of the finest bel canto operas. The title role is one of the most demanding in the entire Italian repertoire. Sopranos Maria Callas, Joan Sutherland, and Montserrat Caballé have been amongst the best exponents of the role. 



Impact crater

Impact craters are formed by meteorites or comets striking the Earth or other solid body. There is a system for recording and assessing craters. 

The five largest "confirmed" impact structures are:
There are some other suggested impact structures which are larger. It is a feature of the Earth that climate, weathering and plate tectonics removes most of the older features and events. In comparison, the Moon retains a nearly complete record of its past impact events. The implication is that the Earth once suffered a similar bombardment in its early history. This period is known as the Late Heavy Bombardment, because it occurred after the Moon was (presumably) knocked from the Earth.




The distinctive mark of an impact crater is the presence of rock which has undergone shock-metamorphic effects, shattered or melted rocks, and crystal deformations. Examples:

Pihlajavesi (Saimaa)

Pihlajavesi is a lake in Finland. The area of the lake is 712.59 km², making it the sixth largest lake in the country. Pihlajavesi is the second-largest basin in the complex Saimaa lake system. Pihlajavesi lacks large open lake areas but has more islands than any other lake in Finland.

All My Loving

"All My Loving" is a song by The Beatles, written by Paul McCartney (credited to Lennon/McCartney), from the 1963 album "With the Beatles".

According to journalist Bill Harry, McCartney wrote the lyrics while shaving, but McCartney told biographer Barry Miles that he wrote them while on a tour bus. He also said, "It was the first song I'd ever written the words first. I never wrote words first, it was always some kind of accompaniment. I've hardly ever done it since either." The lyrics follow the "letter song" model as used on "P.S. I Love You", the B-side of their first single.

Lennon showed his love for the song in his 1980 "Playboy" interview:



Scott McLeod

Scott McLeod is a British bassist who was a member of The Ya Ya's and briefly a member of Oasis in 1995 when Paul McGuigan quit the band citing exhaustion after a long time touring. McLeod appeared in the music video for "Wonderwall" and began a tour with the band of the United States. He quit after a show in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, which resulted in rhythm guitarist Bonehead playing bass for a while.

Weeks later, McLeod contacted Oasis lead guitarist Noel Gallagher claiming he felt he had made the wrong decision. Gallagher replied: "I think you have too. Good luck signing on.".

(What's the Story) Morning Glory?

(What's the Story) Morning Glory? is the second album by the rock band Oasis. It was released in October 1995. The album was Oasis' highest selling album, charting at number one in the UK (staying there for 10 weeks) and number four in the U.S. The album sold 346,000 copies in its first week in the United Kingdom and has sold around 23 million copies worldwide, but several sources say that it has sold over 30 million. It is the third biggest-selling album in UK chart history (with 4.4 million copies sold). The album was the second biggest selling album for both 1995 and 1996 in the UK. It went on to become the biggest selling album of the decade. The album has gone 4× platinum (3.9 million copies) in the United States.

Album singles "Some Might Say", "Roll with It", "Wonderwall" and "Don't Look Back in Anger" were big hits in the UK, with "Some Might Say" and "Don't Look Back in Anger" both reaching the number one spot in the UK singles chart. "Wonderwall" and "Champagne Supernova" both reached #1 on the U.S. Modern Rock Tracks chart. They would go on to be certified gold in the United States. whilst "Wonderwall" also was at the top of the Australian ARIA charts. The album won Best British Album at the 1996 BRIT Awards, and won the BRIT Award for the best British Album of the last 30 Years at the 2010 BRIT Awards.

Ö3 Austria Top 40

Ö3 Austria Top 40 is the name of the official Austrian singles chart, as well as the radio show which presents it. The show airs Fridays on Hitradio Ö3. The show presents the Austrian singles, ringtones and downloads chart. It premiered on 26 November 1968 as "Disc Parade" and was presented by Ernst Grissemann. The show has had other names and other presenters, as detailed below.

The weekly number-ones are released by Musikmarkt and go TV.

The first number-one single was "Das ist die Frage aller Fragen" by Cliff Richard. The most successful single is "Candle in the Wind 1997" by Elton John. The most successful Austrian single is "Anton aus Tirol" by DJ Ötzi. The artists with the most number-one hits since 1980 are Rainhard Fendrich and Christina Stürmer.

Between 1968 and 2007, the names of the show were "Disc Parade", "Die Großen 10 von Ö3", "Pop Shop", "Hit wähl mit", "Die Großen 10", "Ö3 Top-30" and "Ö3 Austria Top 40".









Liam Gallagher

William John Paul "Liam" Gallagher (born 21 September 1972) is a British musician and songwriter. Gallagher is best known as a singer in the rock band Oasis alongside his older brother Noel before the band broke up in 2009. Gallagher later formed a new band called Beady Eye. Former Oasis members Gem Archer, Andy Bell and Chris Sharrock were also in the new band. Beady Eye broke up in 2014.

In 2010 Gallagher was selected as "best frontman" by reader's of Q magazine.

Since 2017, Gallagher has pursued a solo career.

12-inch single

The 12-inch single (often called "12") is a type of gramophone record that has a wider groove compared to other types of records. This allows better sound quality. This record type is used a lot in disco and dance music genres, where DJs use them to play in discos or clubs. They are usually played at 45 RPM, which allows for improved quality.

Korean Grand Prix

The Korean Grand Prix is a planned Formula One race to be held in South Korea. On 2 October 2006 it was announced that the event would take place in . The race would be hosted by the Korean International Circuit. The circuit was to be built between 2007 and July 2010. The Korean International Circuit has a seven year deal to host the race. After the seven years, they have an option to host the race for another five years.

After the approval of funding for the event, Korea was given the date of 17 October on the 2010 calendar published by the FIA. On 10 December 2009, the organisers of the event announced that they were on schedule. They plan to be finished with the circuit on 5 July 2010. They admitted their largest problem is finding accommodations for all of the Formula One staff and spectators. Despite the confirmation, there is still a chance that the circuit might not be ready on time. The race promoter said that the circuit was ahead of schedule.

The first Korean Grand Prix will run as scheduled. The Korean International Circuit passed its inspection on 12 October.

Sodium sulfate

Sodium sulfate, also known as Glauber's salt, is a chemical compound made of sodium and sulfate ions. It is a bitter-tasting white solid. It is made by a neutralization reaction between sodium hydroxide with sulfuric acid. The sodium ions are in the oxidation state of +1. It is used to make detergents and paper making. Its pH is neutral. 


Sulfite

A sulfite is an ion that is made of one sulfur atom and three oxygen atoms; it has a charge of two minus. Sulfite is made when sulfurous acid (a solution of sulfur dioxide in water) is deprotonated. Salts containing the sulfite ion are called sulfites. Sodium sulfite is an example. Sulfites are weak reducing agents; they can be oxidized to sulfates. They are used to preserve dried food. Some people have allergies to sulfite in food, and it makes them sick. It contains sulfur in the +4 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is SO.


Sulfurous acid

Sulfurous acid is a weak acid with the chemical formula HSO. It is produced by dissolving sulfur dioxide in water. Bases deprotonate (remove the Hydrogen ion) it to produce sulfites. It tends to turn back into sulfur dioxide and water again. It is a weak reducing agent.


Sodium sulfite

Sodium sulfite is a chemical compound. White odorless powder. Density 2.633 g / cm3. It is moderately toxic. 

It is made of sodium and sulfite ions. It is one of the sulfites used to preserve dried food. It is used to remove chlorine from pools. It reacts with acids to produce sulfur dioxide. It is a weak reducing agent. When it is oxidized, it is converted to sodium sulfate. Its chemical formula is NaSO.


Silver oxide

When silver is oxidized, it can form different compounds. The most common ones are:

Bargh Shiraz F.C.

Bargh Shiraz Football Club () is a football club which plays in Iran.

Website: https://barghshirazfc.com/

Brazilian Grand Prix

The Brazilian Grand Prix is a Formula One championship race which occurs at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace in Interlagos, a district in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.
The first Brazilian Grand Prix was first held at Interlagos in 1972. It was not part of the Formula One World Championship. The race in was the first one included in the official calendar. In the Brazilian Grand Prix moved to Jacarepaguá in Rio de Janeiro. For and the race returning to Interlagos. In the race returned to Jacarepaguá. Since , the Grand Prix has been run at Interlagos. 

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Between 1998-2005 built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

<nowiki>***</nowiki> Built by Porsche

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
2020 Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic As Sao Paulo Grand Prix 2021 Lewis Hamilton Mercedes 2022 George Russell Mercedes 2023 Max Verstappen Red Bull-Honda RBPT
Marlboro 1999-2004
Petrobras 2009-


Abu Dhabi Grand Prix

The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was announced in early 2007 at the Abu Dhabi F1 Festival in the United Arab Emirates. The first race took place on November 1 2009. It was held at the Yas Marina Circuit. Hermann Tilke designed the circuit.

The race was Formula One's first ever day-night race, starting at 5:00 pm local time. The floodlights used to light the circuit were turned on for the start of the race. This was to ensure even lighting during the transition from daylight to darkness.

The Yas Marina Circuit is located on Yas Island. Yas Island is a island on the east coast of Abu Dhabi. The 2009 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was the first major event to take place on the circuit.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."
"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."

Universal design

Universal design is a design of any products and informations that every person can use, of all ages, genders, disabilities.

The principle of universal design is to be simple, and easy to access to any public institutions and information. It also include the useful information technology and Internet. This concept is also used in the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities as a condition of the common human rights. 


Hermann Tilke

Hermann Tilke (born December 31, 1954 in Olpe German) is an architect and designer of Formula One motor racing circuits. He is also an auto racer.

During the 1980s, Tilke competed in touring car racing. Most of his racing was on the old Nürburgring Nordschleife circuit. He also competed in VLN endurance racing and 24 Hours Nürburgring. He and Dirk Adorf won some VLN races with a V8Star Series in 2003 and 2004.

Tilke established "Tilke Engineering" in 1984 to combine the skills in architecture, civil engineering and electronic engineering. Tilke Engineering provides complete solutions for motor racing and waste disposal projects.

His first large job was in Austria, in the 1990s. He made a major redesign of the fast Österreichring, and created the much shorter A1-Ring.

Tilke made changes to many established F1 circuits. Because of this, Tilke was able to earn the contracts to design many of new new, high-profile circuits from scratch. 

Tilke's trademark of circuit design is a mixture long straight and tight hairpins. These are intended to encourage overtaking.

Tilke's circuits have been criticized for producing uninteresting races. He has been accused of "slowly killing" Formula One.

Tilke has design many high-profile new world circuits from scratch. These include:


Zach Tyler Eisen

Zach Tyler Eisen (born 23 September 1993 in Stamford, Connecticut) is an American voice actor. He is known for playing Aang in and Pablo in The Backyardigans.

Jack DeSena

John Patrick "Jack" DeSena (born 6 December 1987) is an American movie and voice actor. He is best known for his work on the sketch comedy series "All That". He joined the program's cast at the start of its 7th season in 2002. He tied with Logan Lerman for the 2005 Young Artist Award for "Best Performance in a TV Series (Comedy or Drama) - Leading Young Actor" (for "All That"). His family moved to Irvine, California in 1999 and he attended school there. He was a very active member of the international "ComedySportz" troupe (a comic improvisation team that participates in games as seen on "Whose Line is it Anyway?"). He also did voice work for the character of Sokka on the Nickelodeon series "". Recently DeSena has been working on the online mockumentary web series "Dorm Life" which is a 2008 Webby Honoree for Best Writing and Comedy: Individual Short or Episode. As of 2016, Jack DeSena and Chris Smith are co-creators of the sketch comedy YouTube channel "Chris and Jack".

Dante Basco

Danté Basco (born August 29, 1975) is an American actor, voice actor, poet, and dancer.


Mako Iwamatsu

, born ; 10 December 1933 – 21 July 2006), was a Japanese-American actor. Many of his acting roles credited him simply as Mako, omitting his surname. Mako is known for playing Aku from the first four seasons of "Samurai Jack", Master Splinter from the movie "TMNT", Iroh from "", and Mr. Lee from "Sidekicks".

Mako was born in Kobe, Japan. He was the son of famous children's book author and illustrator Taro Yashima. His parents moved to the United States when he was a small child. He joined them there after World War II, in 1949, joining the military in the 1950s. He became a naturalized American citizen in 1956. When Mako first joined his parents in the US, he studied architecture. During his military service, he discovered his theatrical talent, and trained at the Pasadena Community Playhouse.

Mako was married to actress Shizuko Hoshi with whom he had two daughters (both are actresses) and three grandchildren.



Mako died in Somis, California on 21 July 2006, aged 72, from esophageal cancer. One day before his death, Mako had been confirmed to star in the film "TMNT", providing the voice of Splinter. Kevin Munroe, director of the film, confirmed that Mako had completed his recording before his death. The finished film was dedicated to Mako.

During an "" episode, titled "The Tales of Ba Sing Se" (episode 15 of the ), which comprises several small stories about the main characters, there is a segment titled, "The Tale of Iroh." It features a dedication to Mako, as he was the voice actor for the character Iroh for the first and second seasons. He was also featured in the Memoriam Montage in the 79th Academy Awards.


Chevrolet Astro

The Chevrolet Astro (and its sibling GMC Safari) was a Minivan that was built by Chevrolet from 1985 to 2005 to rival the Dodge Caravan/Plymouth Voyager twin models and the Japanese Toyota Van. The Astro had two generation and was manufactured by General Motors. The Astro offered two variations a passenger van and a cargo van it also offered optional AWD. The Astro was assembled at the Baltimore Assembly in Baltimore, Maryland. The Astro was discontinued in 2005 because General Motors thought that they were not selling as well as they used to. The Astro was replaced by the Chevrolet Uplander, Chevrolet Traverse and the Chevrolet City Express.

Jason Isaacs

Jason Michael Isaacs (born 6 June 1963) is an English actor and voice actor who was born in Liverpool. His best-known roles include Colonel William Tavington in the movie "The Patriot" and Lucius Malfoy in the "Harry Potter" movie franchise. He is Jewish.




Dodge Durango

The Dodge Durango is a full-sized SUV that was built by Chrysler's Dodge brand from 1998 to 2008. The Durango was discontinued in 2009 but returned in 2012 to share a platform with the Jeep Grand Cherokee. The Durango had two generations, the first generation was a mid-sized SUV and was produced from 1998 to 2003 and the second generation which is a full-sized SUV and was produced from 2003-2008.

Dee Bradley Baker

Dee Bradley Baker (born August 31, 1962) is an American voice actor. He is known for his voice-work such as "Phineas and Ferb", "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Adventure Time with Finn and Jake", "American Dad!", "Ben 10", "", "", "Halo", "Gears of War", "" and an unnamed dog show in 2024.






Crawford Wilson

Crawford Wilson (born May 19, 1990) is an American actor and voice actor, from Memphis, Tennessee. He is best known for playing the lead role in the Nintendo GameCube RPG "Baten Kaitos Origins", Sagi. He also voiced in the animated series "."

He provided a voice in the "Family Guy" episode "Prick up your ears."
He has been in commercials and print ads around the United States. He also did the voice of Daisukenojō Bitō in the Nintendo DS game "The World Ends with You", by Square Enix. Wilson also voiced Robin in "The Color of Revenge!" on "".

He played Dwayne Dill in the 2009 Disney Channel original movie, "Hatching Pete".
He played Jake James in the movie "The Secrets Of The Mountain".

In October of 2021, Crawford was a guest on the podcast Braving the Elements episode "Jet" which was hosted by Dante Basco and Janet Varney, the voices of Zuko and Korra respectively. In the episode, he explained that he got into acting and voice acting because the idea of modelling at a young age was slowly becoming unappealing to him. In the episode, he expressed his love for voicing Jet and stated that if himself were a bender, he would be a waterbender due to his history of surfing.

Other websites

Ford Explorer

The Ford Explorer is a mid-sized SUV that is built by Ford Motor Company. The Explorer has been built for five generations, the first generation was a 2-door and 4-door SUV and was produced from 1991 to 1994, the second generation was a 2-door, 4-door and 4-door pickup truck and was produced from 1995-2001, 1995-2003 for the Sport and 2001-2005 for the Sport Trac, the third generation was a 5-door SUV only and was produced from 2002-2005, the forth generation was also a 5-door SUV and was produced 2006-2010 and the fifth generation has been produced since 2011 with a facelift for 2016.

The current generation is a unibody crossover SUV powered by 4-cylinder and V6 engines.


Dave Filoni

David Filoni (born June 7, 1974) is an American movie director, writer, and animator.

He is the director of the "" feature movie, and the supervising director of the "" TV series.

Filoni made an appearance at Celebration IV on Sunday, May 28, 2007 with producer Catherine Winder in the Celebration Theater (Room 408AB), to discuss the beginnings of the new television series and reveal how "The Clone Wars" is being created. He will also be writing for the Clone Wars monthly comic.

An avid Plo Koon fan, Filoni dressed up as the Jedi Master for the opening of "". In February 2009, Filoni was inducted as an Honorary Member of the 501st Legion international costuming organization in recognition of his contributions to the continuing "Star Wars" saga.

Dave Filoni's office, as seen in the extra features on the "" DVD, is filled with Plo Koon paraphernalia. He has a bust of Plo Koon's head, a model of Plo Koon's ship, an autographed portrait by the actor who played Plo Koon, a replica of Plo Koon's lightsaber on his desk, and his personal Plo Koon costume on display. Filoni also has a note book sized planner on his desk with Plo Koon's picture taped to the outside. Filoni also has a small model of the character Appa on his desk, from "Avatar: The Last Airbender".

Lauren MacMullan

Lauren MacMullan (born April 30, 1964) is an American animation director. 

She works at Walt Disney Animation Studios. 

As a child, Lauren MacMullan lived near Philadelphia.

She graduated from Swarthmore High School in 1982. Then she studied in Harvard University.

Her first primetime TV job was on "The Critic", followed by directing for "King of the Hill". She went on to become the supervising director and designer for "Mission Hill". After the show was cancelled quickly, she got a job directing on "The Simpsons", and stayed for three seasons. She also has directed some episodes of "", and won an Annie award for storyboarding on that show.

MacMullan was a sequence director on "The Simpsons Movie".


Vera Lynn

Dame Vera Margaret Lynn ("née" Welch; 20 March 1917 – 18 June 2020) was an English singer and actress. Lynn was born in East Ham, Essex. She began performing in public at age seven and she started using her grandmother's maiden name (Lynn) as her stage name. Her first radio broadcast was in 1935 with the Joe Loss Orchestra. At this time she was being featured on records released by dance bands including those of Loss and of Charlie Kunz. 

She was popular during World War II. Her best known songs are We'll Meet Again and The White Cliffs of Dover. 

Lynn worked a lot with charities for former military servicemen, disabled children, and breast cancer. Veterans of the Second World War still admire her. She was named the Briton who best exemplified (the best example of) the spirit of the twentieth century, in 2000.

Vera Lynn's album "We'll Meet Again: The Very Best of Vera Lynn" went to #1 in the United Kingdom. This made her the oldest living artist to top the U.K. album charts. The album is some of her recordings made for Decca Records. Lynn recorded for Decca between 1936 and 1959. The album reached number one on the UK Albums Chart on 13 September 2009. The album entered the chart at number 20 on 30 August. It then climbed to number 2 the following week, before reaching the top position.

The 1964 movie Dr. Strangelove, starring Peter Sellers and George C. Scott, ends with a world-ending war of atomic bombs. The scene uses Vera Lynn's song "We'll Meet Again".

Lynn died on 18 June 2020 at the age of 103 in East Sussex.


Matt Hubbard

Matt Hubbard is an American television writer and screenwriter who has worked on many television shows. He graduated from Beverly High School, in Beverly Massachusetts in the class of 1996, where he excelled in the English Department. He later went on to attend Harvard University where he was an editor for the Harvard Lampoon. He has worked as a writer on the NBC comedy series "30 Rock". He was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award award for Best Comedic Series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season of "30 Rock". 


Chevrolet Malibu

The Chevrolet Malibu is a mid-size car that is manufactured by General Motors. There have been eight generations of the Malibu. The Malibu is named after the city in California, Malibu, California. The Malibu is sold in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil and the Middle East.

The Malibu replaced the Chevrolet Corsica/Beretta for the 1997 Model Year and was succeeded by the 1983 Chevrolet Celebrity. The eighth generation Malibu is a rebadged Daewoo Tosca, due to GM phasing out the brand. A ninth generation is being prepared for the 2016 market, it will be slightly larger and have a look similar to the Impala.


Buick Enclave

The Buick Enclave is a full-sized luxury SUV that is built by General Motors's Buick brand. The Buick was first shown at the 2006 North American International Auto Show. The Buick won the Best New SUV / CUV (over C$60,000) award from the AJAC in 2008. The Enclave replaced the Terraza minivan, the Rainier SUV and the mid-sized Rendezvous CUV. The Enclave's styling is based off the Buick Centieme concept crossover.


Ringmaster (album)

Ringmaster is the second studio album by American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on January 28, 1994. The producers of the album were Insane Clown Posse and Mike E. Clark. The album was the second of the "Joker Cards" in the Dark Carnival mythology.

Maserati GranTurismo

The Maserati GranTurismo/GranCabrio is a 2-door 2+2 luxury coupé built by the Italian luxury car brand Maserati. The GranTurismo has six generations. The GranTurismo was first shown at the 2007 Geneva Motor Show in Geneva.

The GranTurismo (codenamed M145) was first shown at the 2007 Geneva Motor Show in Geneva. It was released on 2007 for the 2008 model year and was discontinued in December 2019, maintaining its Italian style and design for 12 whole years. It has a unique style for a luxury coupe.

Though it was discontinued in 2019, it came back in 2023.

The cabriolet version, called the GranCabrio is basically a convertible version of the GranTurismo. It keeps the 4-seat design of the GranTurismo, and is also called 'GranTurismo Convertible' in the US and Canada.
The second generation (codenamed M189) was revealed in late 2022. It is still a 4-seater, but the convertible version was revealed months after the GranTurismo. Back after 4 years, its range includes three trims: 2 petrol Modena and Trofeo, and 1 fully-electric Folgore. It is larger than the previous model

Bugatti Veyron

The Bugatti Veyron is a 2-door Coupé that is built by the Bugatti brand. The Veyron can also be bought as a roadster. The Veyron is in its 1st generation. The car is built in France. The Sport Series of the Veyron is currently the Fourth fastest production car in the world with a top speed of 431.072 km/h (267.856 mph), as the Hennessy Venom GT, Koenigsegg Agera RS and the new SSC Tuatara have beat the record since.

The car costs about £1.6 million to buy. The tyres cost over $40,000 for a set.

The car has a monocoque construction. The car has two V8 engines joined together to make a W16 engine with quad turbocharging.


Spiderbait

Spiderbait is an Australian rock band who have had two top ten albums and three albums reach the Australian top 40. Their song "Buy Me a Pony" was a defining song of Australian rock in the 90's and was #1 on the Triple J Hottest 100 for 1996. The group had success with their 2004 #1 Australian hit cover of "Black Betty".


Sverigetopplistan

Sverigetopplistan, also known as Topplistan and Hitlistan, is since October 2007 the Swedish national record chart, based on sales data from Swedish Recording Industry Association. Since late 2006 the chart has included legal downloads.

The following charts are included:

1976-2006 the sales chart was broadcast on Sveriges Radio P3. From 2007, P3 only presents sales data for digital downloads (DigiListan), tracked by Nielsen SoundScan.


Bernie Ecclestone

Bernard Charles "Bernie" Ecclestone (born 28 October 1930) is a British sports entrepreneur.

He was the president and CEO of Formula One Management and Formula One Administration. He is part owner of Alpha Prema, the parent company of the Formula One Group of companies. He is generally considered the primary authority in Formula One racing. In 1972 he bought the Brabham team, which he ran for fifteen years. As a team owner he became a member of the Formula One Constructors Association.

On the 23 January, 2017, it was announced that Bernie Ecclestone had been replaced by Chase Carey as chief executive of the Formula One Group, though he has been appointed as chairman emeritus and will act as an adviser to the board.

He is also the co-owner of Queens Park Rangers F.C.


Jumbo Tsuruta

Tomomi Tsuruta (March 25, 1951 – May 13, 2000), better known by his ring name Jumbo Tsuruta, was a professional wrestler who wrestled for All Japan Pro Wrestling for most of his career, and is well known for being the first ever AJPW Triple Crown Heavyweight Champion, having won the PWF Heavyweight Championship, the NWA United National Championship, and the NWA International Heavyweight Championship, and unifying the three titles.










Shohei Baba

Shohei Baba ("Baba Shōhei", January 23, 1938 – January 31, 1999) was a Japanese professional wrestler. He was co-founder of All Japan Pro Wrestling. He was also known as Giant Baba. Baba, along with Antonio Inoki, became one of the most famous Japanese wrestlers of his time, with a popularity in Japan that was like Hulk Hogan's in the United States of America. He was also a 3 time NWA Champion. 

Baba died on January 31, 1999 from cancer.











Rikidōzan

Rikidozan (1924 - December 15, 1963), was the father of puroresu. He established the puroresu as a popular professional sport in Japan less than a decade after Japan lost the World War II. Continuously defeating Americans with his famous karate chop, he was a hero for the Japanese people who were still depressed from the war. Many of his students became big stars in the sport, including Shohei "Giant" Baba and Antonio Inoki, who are two of the greatest wrestlers in the history of puroresu, and Kintaro Ohki (Kim Il), who was also a superstar in his home country South Korea. 

Because the Koreans were discriminated against in Japan, his real identity was kept secret for many years even after his death. It was always believed that he was born Mitsuhiro Momota in Ohmura, Nagasaki, Japan. Momota is the last name of his adopted parents in Nagasaki.

His 1957/10/6 sixty-minute draw with Lou Thesz for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship drew an 87.0 rating, and his 1963/5/24 sixty-minute draw with The Destroyer drew a 67.0 rating (the 4th largest viewing audience in Japanese history, since by 1963 more people had television sets, thanks to Rikidōzan's popularity).






Puroresu.com

Owen Morris

Owen Dylan Morris (born 13 May 1968 in Caernarfon, Wales) is a music producer who has worked with rock bands like Oasis and The Verve.

He started working in the music industry as a sound engineer at Spaceward Studio in Cambridge when he was 16. He continued as an engineer until 1994 when he started producing some work for Oasis at the end of the "Definitely Maybe" sessions. Morris continued working with Oasis for their next two albums "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?" and "Be Here Now". Morris appears on the cover of "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?" holding the album's master tape.

He also produced The Verve album "A Northern Soul", Ash's "1977" and the debut United Kingdom album, "For God's Sake" for the singer Sek Loso. In 2000 he recorded and produced Ash's album Free All Angels. He produced The Paddingtons debut album "First Comes First," which was released in October 2005 on Poptones Records. In the early summer of 2006 he produced "Hats Off to the Buskers", the debut album of The View through Columbia Records.
He developed an engineering technique called "Brick Walling" on "Definitely Maybe". The effect made "Definitely Maybe" louder than other albums at the time. The NME described the resulting sound as "an ear-splitting sonic stew".

Scott Pilgrim vs. the World

Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is a 2010 action-comedy movie. It was produced by Edgar Wright, Marc Platt, Eric Gitter and Nira Park and was directed by Edgar Wright.

The movie is based on the series of comic books where Scott Pilgrim (Michael Cera) has to defeat the seven evil exes of the girl of his dreams, Ramona Flowers (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) to win her heart.


Ratings were positive for Scott Pilgrim vs. the World:



Yas Marina Circuit

The Yas Marina Circuit is a race track. The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix is held there. The track was designed by Hermann Tilke. It is on Yas Island, about 30 minutes from the capital of the UAE, Abu Dhabi. Yas Marina is the second Formula One track in the Middle East. The first was Bahrain. It also hosted the opening event for the Australian V8 Supercars series, the Yas V8 400, in February 2010.

Yas Marina was designed as an Arabian version of Monaco. The twenty-one corners twists through the man made island off the Abu Dhabi coast. The track passes by the marina and through the Yas Marina Hotel, and winds its way through sand dunes, with several long straights and tight corners.

The circuit has four grandstand areas (Main Grandstand, West Grandstand, North Grandstand and South Grandstand). Part of its pit lane exit runs underneath the track. It has Media Center, Dragster Track, VIP Tower, Ferrari World Theme Park, and a team building behind the pit building. One of the gravel traps runs underneath the West grandstand.


The circuit was built by Cebarco-WCT WLL, under contract from Aldar Properties. The circuit was constructed with a permanent lighting system provided by Musco Lighting, similar to that also installed at the Losail Circuit in Qatar. Yas Marina Circuit is the largest permanent sports venue lighting project in the world.

The surface of the track is made of Graywacke aggregate, shipped to Abu Dhabi from Bayston Hill quarry in Shropshire, England. The surface material is highly praised for the high level of grip. The same material was used at the Bahrain International Circuit.

On 7 October 2009, the circuit was granted final approval to hold Formula One races by the FIA. Bruno Senna was the first driver to complete a test run on the circuit.

After the first practice sessions at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, the circuit was welcomed by the drivers, with Nico Rosberg commenting that every corner was 'unique'. World Champion Fernando Alonso stating that it was enjoyable because there was always something to do. Adrian Sutil rated the circuit as being better than Formula One's other night race in Singapore. He believes there is too much light at Marina Bay.

Not all of the drivers were complimentary. Giancarlo Fisichella does not like the pit exit, which dips under the main circuit by way of a tunnel. Fisichella claimed that it was both very difficult and dangerous.



Syncopation

Syncopation is music which creates rhythmical variation. Examples would be:

"If a part of the measure (bar) that is usually unstressed is accented, the rhythm is considered to be syncopated".

More simply, syncopation is a general term for a disturbance or interruption of the regular flow of rhythm; a placement of rhythmic stresses or accents where they wouldn't normally occur.

Syncopation is used in many musical styles, and is fundamental in black-influenced styles such as jazz, ragtime, Cuban music, funk, ska, reggae, rap, jump blues, progressive rock, extreme metal, breakbeat, drum'n'bass, dubstep amd minimalism. "All dance music makes use of syncopation and it's often a vital element that helps tie the whole track together". In the form of a back beat, syncopation is used in virtually all popular music.

Syncopation has been an important element of musical composition since at least the Middle Ages. For some musical styles, such as jazz and ragtime, syncopation is an essential part of their character.

VG-lista

VG-lista is a Norwegian record chart. It is weekly presented in the newspaper "VG" and the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation program "Topp 20". It is considered the primary Norwegian record chart, charting albums and singles from countries around the world. The data is collected by Nielsen Soundscan International and is based on the sales in about 100 shops in Norway. The singles chart started as a top 10 chart in week 42, 1958 and was expanded to a top 20 chart in week 5, 1995. 


Austin Powers in Goldmember

Austin Powers in Goldmember is the third movie in the "Austin Powers" movie series. It is a sequel to and .

It was released in 2002. The movie was produced by Toby Emmerich, Richard Brener, John S. Lyons, Eric McLeod, Demi Moore, Mike Myers, Jennifer Todd and Suzanne Todd and was directed by Jay Roach.




Marina Bay Street Circuit

The Marina Bay Street Circuit (otherwise known as the Singapore Street Circuit) is a street circuit around the Marina Bay. It is the track for the Singapore Grand Prix. The track is 5.073 km (3.15 miles) long. It is next to the harbour, similar in style to the Monaco Grand Prix. 

The circuit is designed by KBR Inc. It was a modification of the original design first proposed by Hermann Tilke.

The pit area of the circuit is in an empty plot of land off Republic Boulevard. A temporary track leads from the pit area and under the Benjamin Sheares Bridge to Republic Boulevard and turns onto Raffles Boulevard. It then proceeds along Nicoll Highway, Stamford Road and Saint Andrew's Road around the Padang, and past the City Hall.

The track then goes onto the Anderson Bridge, past the Fullerton Hotel and make a tight left turn to Esplanade Drive beside the Merlion Park. It joins Raffles Avenue and cut right after the Esplanade to the front of The Float at Marina Bay and return to the pit area via another temporary road around the Singapore Flyer. The track layout is unique in that in between turns 18 and 19, the cars race underneath a section of grandstand of the Floating Platform.

The track was criticised by F1 drivers as being excessively bumpy. Lewis Hamilton commented that it was twice as hard to negotiate as the Monaco street circuit, and very physical - requiring twice the amount of energy over a single lap.

Other drivers, including Sébastien Bourdais and Fernando Alonso, expressed their concern about the high and harsh kerbs (curbs) at the turn 13 hairpin and the chicane at turn 10 of the street circuit. The drivers were worried that hitting the bumps could cause damage to the car. They were also worried that the bumps would force them into the wall on the outside of the corner. Responding to the drivers' feedback, FIA race director and safety delegate Charlie Whiting ordered the high kerbs at Singapore's turn 10 hairpin be modified. 

The entry of the pit lane was called "difficult and incredibly dangerous" by several drivers. They did not like the fast nature of the corners where the pit lane is. The pit entry was then modified before Saturday's official Qualifying round.

In March 2009, three of the circuit's corners were given names. Turn 1 was named "Sheares" after Benjamin Henry Sheares, the second president of Singapore. Turn 7 was named "Memorial" because it is near a Second World War civilian memorial. Turn 10 was named "Singapore Sling".


ABS-CBN Corporation

ABS-CBN Corporation (also known alternatively and secondarily, and formerly primarily as ABS-CBN Broadcasting Corporation) is a Filipino media company based in Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines. It is the largest radio broadcaster, entertainment television production, program syndication provider and media conglomerate in the Philippines. It is a subsidiary of Lopez Holdings Corporation which is owned by the López family ABS-CBN was formed by the merger of Alto Broadcasting System (ABS) and Chronicle Broadcasting Network (CBN).

ABS was founded in 1946 by American electronics engineer James Lindenberg as Bolinao Electronics Corporation (BEC). In 1952, BEC was renamed Alto Broadcasting System (ABS) with its corporate name, Alto Sales Corporation after Judge Antonio Quirino, brother of President Elpidio Quirino, purchased the company and later launched the first TV station in the country, DZAQ-TV on October 23, 1953. The company that would later be merged with ABS to form ABS-CBN was founded in 1956 as Chronicle Broadcasting Network, Inc. (CBN) by Eugenio Lopez Sr. and his brother Fernando Lopez, who was the sitting Vice President of the Philippines. A year later, the Lopezes acquired ABS. The ABS-CBN brand was first used on television in 1961.

The company became known as ABS-CBN Broadcasting Corporation on February 1, 1967. The conglomerate then changed its primary name to simply ABS-CBN Corporation in October 1, 2008 during the 55th anniversary of the television network of the same name, to signify its diversification. Due to the change in the conglomerate's primary name, the ABS-CBN Broadcasting Corporation name is now used as the company's alternative and secondary name in certain contexts. The common shares of ABS-CBN were first traded on the Philippine Stock Exchange in July 1992 under the ticker symbol ABS.

In 1946, when James Lindenberg was about to make it a radio called Bolinao Electronics Corporation, they settled all the equipment.

In 1950, James Lindenberg was been made a new transmitter using two mango trees and it been protected by lightning rod. And then in 1964, ABS-CBN was been first time using Color television.



I Me Mine

"I Me Mine" is a song by The Beatles, written and sung by George Harrison. "I Me Mine" is also the title of Harrison's autobiography. 



Happiness (movie)

Happiness is a 1998 American comedy drama movie. It stars Jane Adams, Jon Lovitz, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Dylan Baker and Lara Flynn Boyle. It was directed by Todd Solondz. The movie was first rated NC-17. This caused problems with the advertising and distribution of the movie. Because of this, they chose to release the movie without any rating.

The movie was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for "Best Screenplay" (Todd Solondz).

Charlie Whiting

Charles Whiting (12 August 1952 – 14 March 2019) was a British motorsports director. He served as the FIA Formula One Race Director, Safety Delegate, Permanent Starter and head of the F1 Technical Department. He mostly managed the logistics of each F1 Grand Prix, inspects cars before a race, enforces FIA rules, and controls the start of each race. He was born in Sevenoaks, Kent.

Whiting's first job was assisting his brother Nick in preparing race cars near the Brands Hatch racing circuit in England. In 1977, he joined Hesketh Racing at Easton Neston, near Silverstone. When the team folded, he joined Bernie Ecclestone's Brabham team. He become the chief mechanic for Nelson Piquet in and seasons. He later became chief engineer.

In , he became technical delegate to the FIA Formula One and in he was appointed FIA Race Director and Safety Delegate.

During the United States Grand Prix, Whiting was involved in a tyre controversy. None of the tyres which Michelin had brought to Indianapolis were safe to use. Michelin was unable to produce new tyres to replace the seven teams' unsafe tyres. Michelin asked Whiting to install a chicane in Turn 13 of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway instead. Whiting refused to make the change. He said this would be unfair to the teams who were able to race safely on the existing track.

On 14 March 2019, Whiting died of a pulmonary embolism in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. He was 66.

Cyprinus rubrofuscus

Cyprinus rubrofuscus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus "Cyprinus".


Negimaki

, also called negima, is a Japanese food consisting of broiled strips of beef soaked in teriyaki sauce and rolled with scallions, also known as negi. They are thought to have originated from the Kantō region of Japan.

Virgin Radio

Cero Radio is a brand owned by the cero Group used by a number of different radio stations worldwide under licence from Virgin. Cero Radio stations in each country are usually owned independently of the cero Group.

The stations generally carry independent programming, but have access to some shared programming, usually linked to other cero entities such as the cero Festival. Ceroirgin Radio stations are normally classified as cero music]] or contemporary cero radio stations.

Stations include:

Former stations:


2011 Formula One World Championship

The 2011 Formula One season will be the 62nd FIA Formula One season. The FIA announced they would consider adding a thirteenth team to the grid . On 8 September, 2010, the FIA announced that they would not add a new team. The same twelve teams from last year will compete this year. The race schedule was going to expand to twenty rounds with the running of the Indian Grand Prix, but the Bahrain Grand Prix was cancelled due to the high amount of protesters. Bahrain was briefly put back on the schedule before being cancelled again by the organizers of the race.

The new Concorde Agreement signed on 1 August 2009 continues the terms of the 1998 agreement. It will run until 31 December 2012. The FIA published the entry list on 30 November 2010 (updated 2 December 2010).


The FIA released the race schedule for the 2011 world championship. A new race, the Indian Grand Prix, had been added. However, the Bahrain Grand Prix was called off due to the political unrest in the country.


Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

Holocene extinction

The Holocene extinction is the extinction of nearly all large mammal species after the end of the ice age. This was done by by humans hunting the animals, and by climate change.

Habitat destruction and over-harvesting are two of the primary causes which drive species extinct in more recent times. The fundamental cause of this is the huge increase in human population since the agricultural revolution.

Forests and natural habitats have been greatly reduced throughout the world, and this has been the cause of many extinctions.

Glaciation

Glaciation is the forming of ice (glaciers) on land. It is related to the Milankovich theory.


Tsunami

A tsunami (from Nowhere :/ ) is a natural disaster which is a series of fast-moving waves in the ocean caused by powerful earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, landslides, or simply an asteroid or a meteor crash inside the ocean. A tsunami starts as a small wave and builds up into a larger wave., a tsunami starts suddenly. The waves travel at a great speed across an ocean with little energy loss. They can remove sand from beaches, destroy trees, toss and drag vehicles, houses and even destroy whole towns and cities. Tsunamis can even be caused when a meteorite strikes the earth's surface, though it is very rare. A tsunami normally occurs in the Pacific Ocean, especially in what is called the ring of fire, but can occur in any large body of water like lakes and seas. If the slope of the coast is not steep, the water may pull back for hundreds of meters. People who do not know of the danger often remains at the shore.

Tsunamis cannot be prevented. However, there are ways to help stop people dying from a tsunami. International and regional warning systems, especially for the Pacific Ocean, issue alerts before the big waves reach the shore. Because the earthquake that caused the tsunami can be felt before the wave gets to the shore, people can be warned to go somewhere safe. 

Tsunamis are often called seismic sea wave or tidal "waves" because they usually rise and fall more slowly than ordinary ocean surface waves. This name is misleading, because tsunamis are not related to tides; they merely rise slowly as a series of fast-moving waves in the ocean caused by powerful earthquakes or volcanic eruptions.

The deadliest tsunami recorded in documented history was on 26 December 2004, and is known as the 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami. It was caused by an earthquake. The earthquake was said to have a magnitude of 9.1 on the Moment magnitude scale. It was centered in the ocean near the coast of Sumatra, Indonesia. Over 230,000 people, mainly on the shores of the Indian Ocean, died from this disaster. The giant wave moved very quickly. Thousands of people in Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Thailand, India, Somalia, and other nations, were killed or injured by it.

Yet, the most "expensive" tsunami ever was the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami or Great Sendai Earthquake . It is said to have cost the Japanese government around $2200 billion USD, which is equivalent to about 12 trillion yen. It went a huge distance in inland and mostly effected Tōhoku region (northeastern Honshu). and it was the 4th largest tsunami in history.

There is another type of tsunami known as a megatsunami , which is mainly due to external impact on the ocean, like an Asteroid or Meteor crash, a Landslide, a rockslide. It is rare for a megatsunami to occur.

Tsunamis are very strong and can go many kilometers inland. Around 5 to 10 minutes before a tsunami hits, the sea seems to go back by an unusual distance. This is a warning that a tsunami can occur. 

The best way to evacuate is to climb to an elevated area. If a person notices strange or unusual behavior in animals, they can also take that as a warning and go inland. However, if it still looks like the wave can absorb the person, the most suitable alternative will be to hold on to something sturdy, like a tree, so they don't totally get carried away and not injured and call the disaster rescue team.



The Wall

The Wall is the eleventh album by English progressive rock band Pink Floyd.

Al Snow

Allen Ray Sarven (born July 18, 1963 in Lima, Ohio) is an American professional wrestler, actor and trainer who is best known for wrestling with WWF/E and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). Snow is currently working as a road agent for the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion, and also as a trainer for TNA's official developmental promotion of Ohio Valley Wrestling. He is also an actor, his upcoming projects are the horror films "Alice D" and "Lake Eerie", starring Lance Henriksen.

Snow has won many belts with different wrestling promotions:

Parma, Ohio

Parma is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio in the Cuyahoga County. The population is 81,146 from the 2020 census but the city's peak population was in 1970 when the population was 100,216.

Parma was named after Parma, New York and the city was largely agricultural in the 19th century. Parma grew quickly after World War II when the young families began moving from Cleveland to the suburbs and during the Cold War Parma kept Nike missiles in underground silos.

WWE wrestler The Miz was born in Parma.


American Gothic

American Gothic is a painting made by Grant Wood. It was painted in the early 20th century. The painting is a father and daughter (not his wife as many people think) standing beside each other with the father holding a pitchfork in his hand standing in front of a house. The painting was painted on a beaverboard with oil and is currently on display in the Art Institute of Chicago.

Keith Urban (1991 album)

Keith Urban is the first studio album by Austalian country singer Keith Urban. It was released in 1991. The producer of the album was Peter Blyton and Keith Urban.


Keith Urban (album)

Keith Urban is the second studio album by Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on October 19, 1999. The producer of the album was Matt Rollings and Keith Urban. The song "But for the Grace of God" reached #1 on the Billboard while "Where the Blacktop Ends" reached #3, "Your Everything" reached #4 and "It's a Love Thing" reached #18.


Golden Road (album)

Golden Road is the third studio album by Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on October 8, 2002. The producers of the album were Dan Huff and Keith Urban. The album stayed on the "Billboard" Hot Country Albums chart for 108 weeks peaking at #2 and peaked #11 on the "Billboard" 200. The album reached double Platinum in Canada selling 200,000 units.


Be Here

Be Here is the fourth studio album by New Zealand-born Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on September 21, 2004 in the United States and November 30, 2004 in Australia. The producer of the album was Dan Huff and Keith Urban. The songs "Days Go By", "Making Memories of Us" and "Better Life" all reached #1 on the Hot Country Songs chart "You're My Better Half" and "Tonight I Wanna Cry" peaked at #2 and "Live to Love Another Day" peaked at #48 and the album peaked at #1 on the Billboard Hot Country Albums chart and #3 on the Billboard 200. The album is certified triple Platinum by the RIAA and is Urban's best selling record selling 3,639,000 units in the United States.


Suzuka Circuit

Suzuka International Racing Course, Suzuka Circuit for short, is a motorsports race track in Ino, Suzuka City, Mie Prefecture, Japan. It is managed by Mobilityland Corporation, a subsidiary of Honda Motor Co., Ltd..

Designed as a Honda test track in 1962 by John Hugenholtz, Suzuka is one of few circuits in the world to have a figure-eight layout. The track doesn't actually intersect with itself. The back straight passes over the front section by means of a bridge.

The circuit can be used in three configurations: the full "Grand Prix" circuit, the "East" circuit, and the "West" circuit. The "East" course is made of the main pit straight to the first half of the Dunlop curve (turn 7). It then leads back to the pit straight via a tight right-hand turn. The "West" course is made up of the other part of the full circuit, with the pit stop at the straight before the 130R corner.

Suzuka is one of the oldest tracks on the Formula One World Championship. It has a long history of races as host of the Japanese Grand Prix. Suzuka was dropped from the Formula One calendar for the and seasons in favor of the Toyota-owned Fuji Speedway. Fuji had just been remodeled and the circuit redesigned by Hermann Tilke. Suzuka and Fuji were to alternate hosting the Japanese Grand Prix starting in . In July 2009, Fuji announced that it would no longer be part of the F1 calendar. Suzuka signed a deal to host the Japanese Grand Prix through .

The circuit was closed for more than a year to make renovations, since Mobilityland needed to make the track comply with Formula One rules for 2009. The last major event before the renovations was held on 18 November 2007. The track held a re-opening event on 12 April 2009.
Suzuka also hosts other motorsport events, including the Suzuka 1000 km endurance race. The Suzuka 1000 km is a round of the Super GT racing series, and is the only race in that series of that length. Suzuka also hosts the Suzuka 8 Hours for motorcycles, which has been run since 1978.

NASCAR organized the NASCAR Thunder 100, a pair of exhibition 100-lap races on the East Circuit. The races were held in 1996 and 1997. The layout went along the pit straight and S-corners, before rejoining the main circuit near the Casio Triangle chicane. The cars were from the Sprint Cup Series (then called the Winston Cup) and Camping World West Series (then called Winston West). The field was by invitation for the two races, and it included several Japanese and Australian drivers. Tragedy struck in the 1996 event when pace car driver Elmo Langley died of a heart attack during practice. During qualifying for the 1997 race, rain caused Goodyear to use rain tires on the Sprint Cup cars. This was the first time in NASCAR's modern era (which started in 1972) that race cars used rain tires instead of slick tires.

It was announced on 21 June 2010 that Suzuka Circuit would host the Japan round of the 2011 World Touring Car Championship season instead of the Okayama International Circuit.

Following two bad accidents in 2002 and 2003, safety has been a concern at the circuit's 130R corner. 130R is a radius turn starting past the bridge. 130R has been compared to Spa's Eau Rouge corner. In 2002, Toyota driver Allan McNish suffered a high-speed crash through the bump. The crash sent him through a metal fence. He was not seriously injured.

Track officials redesigned the corner. They made it a double-apex (two smaller turns in one corner) section. One apex had a radius, and the second had a radius. This led to the much closer Casio Triangle chicane, with the chicane becoming a "bus stop" type for motorcycles.

Problems continued for the revised section. During the 2003 MotoGP Grand Prix of Japan, the track's first major event since the revisions, MotoGP rider Daijiro Kato was killed when he crashed in the new section, on his way to the braking zone for the Casio Triangle. MotoGP has not returned to Suzuka since the incident.

Along with Fuji Speedway, Suzuka Circuit has been featured in many video games and arcade games. The circuit appears in most F1 games that have been published since 1987. The East Course has been featured in "NASCAR 98" and the Gran Turismo series.


Love, Pain &amp; the Whole Crazy Thing

Love, Pain & the Whole Crazy Thing is the fifth studio album by New Zealand-born Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on November 7, 2006. The producers of the album was Dan Huff and Keith Urban. The album is certified double Multi-Platinum by the RIAA and Platinum by the RIAA. The album sold over 2,000,000 units in the United States and over 100,000 in Canada.


Defying Gravity (Keith Urban album)

Defying Gravity is the fifth studio album by New Zealand-born Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on March 31, 2009. The producers of the album was Dan Huff and Keith Urban. The album peaked at #1 on the Billboard 200, peaked #1 on the U.S. Billboard Top Country Albums and also peaked #1 on the Canadian Top Country Albums. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Country Album in 2009. The song "Kiss a Girl" peaked at #1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs and all the singles from the album peaked at #1 in either the United States or Canada.


Fuck the World (Insane Clown Posse song)

"Fuck the World" is a 1999 midwest hip hop song by the American Horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse and is the second single from their fifth studio album "The Amazing Jeckel Brothers", which was released in 1999. The song was produced by Insane Clown Posse and Mike Clark and also written by Mike E. Clark and ICP.

The song is notable for using the curse word, "fuck" 95 times even though the song claims to have said it 93 times. Insane Clown Posse to vent their anger. They were angry because Disney pressured their label, Hollywood Records, to drop them. Disney had been getting a lot of anger from the Southern Baptist Church because they had been hosting Gay Days at Disneyland.

The people they cursed in the song were: Beastie Boys, the Dalai Lama, Forrest Gump, Oprah Winfrey, Kyle Petty, Tom Petty, Fred Bear, Ted Nugent, The Count of Monte Cristo, Cisco, Jack Brisco, Jerry Brisco, RMS Titanic, Celine Dion, Dionne Warwick, Berlin Wall, Lyle Lovett (claiming "Whoever the fuck that is"), Jumpsteady, Rocky Maivia, Spin, Rolling Stone, VIBE, and Violent J.

Santa Fe de Antioquia

Santa Fe de Antioquia is a municipality in the Antioquia Department of Colombia. The city is located about 50 miles north of "Medellin", the department capital. It has a population of about 23,000 residents.

It was founded by the name "Villa de Santafé" in 1541 by Jorge Robledo on the western bank of the Cauca River. It received the coat of arms and the title of "City of Antioquia" from King Philip II of Spain in 1545. It was promoted to the status of parish in 1547 by the bishop of Popayán. It changed its name in 1584 when it became the capital of Antioquia. It was a mining town from its beginnings and the gold mining operation has been the base of its economy.

Its cathedral was constructed in 1799 and elevated to Diocese of Antioquia in 1804 by Pope Pius VII. In 1813 Antioquia was declared a sovereign and independent state with Santa Fe as its capital, a status it maintained until 1826, when Medellín was chosen as the new departmental seat. Due to the state of conservation of its colonial architecture, it was declared a national monument in 1960.

The municipal area has a mountainous territory within the Central Cordillera of the Andes and watered by the rivers Cauca and Tonusco. Its area is 493 km².

The economy of "Santa Fe de Antioquia" is based on agriculture. The main products made are coffee, maize and beans.

Tourism was, and continues to be one of the more important economic enterprises for the municipality. The opening of the "Tunnel of the West" (which shortens the time and the distance between the locality and Medellín) in 2006 has allowed hundreds of tourists to come each weekend, stimulating the vocation of the vicinity as a summer vacation site.

All of the town is a historical site; the architecture that has survived through the years gives "Santa Fe de Antioquia" the aspect of a city "suspended" in the colonial era, which is the reason the city was declared a National monument.


http://www.medellintraveler.com/Cinema.html 

Superstar (movie)

Superstar is a 1999 comedy movie and "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL") spin-off. It is about a quirky, socially incompetent girl called Mary Katherine Gallagher. The character was created by the "SNL" star Molly Shannon. She was a recurring character on "SNL" in many skits. The story is about Mary Katherine trying to find her place in her Catholic high school. The movie was directed by a former "Kids in the Hall" member, Bruce McCulloch.

The movie stars the following people:

Mark McKinney, who appeared in many of the Mary Katherine Gallagher "SNL" skits on television, also has a minor role as a priest.

Molly Shannon got a nomination for Blockbuster Entertainment Award "Favorite Actress - Comedy", but lost to Heather Graham in "".

Mary Katherine Gallagher (Shannon) is an Irish-American Catholic school girl and social outcast in a Catholic high school. She wants to be a superstar, as she wants to get a kiss from Sky Corrigan (Ferrell). When Mary is sent to Special Education, she makes a new best friend, the tomboyish and equally socially-awkward Helen Lewengrub (Emmy Laybourne).

Mary sees her chance to become a superstar when her school promotes a talent show. She wants to try out, but Grandma Gallagher (Glynis Johns), did not want her to. Mary tries out anyway, and when she goes to sign up, a stereotypical cheerleader, Evian Carrie Graham (Elaine Hendrix), gets into a fight with her. The fight causes Evian and Sky to break up, and now Sky is a "single hunk of beefcake on the rebound". Mary is now determined to get in the talent show so Sky will notice her. When Grandma Gallagher finds out that her granddaughter got into the talent show, she finally tells the truth about how her parents died - they were stomped to death while performing in a Riverdance-like competition. That is why Grandma Gallagher was against her granddaughter performing.

However, Grandma Gallagher decides to help Mary do her act in the talent show, as long as she performs for herself. Mary and the other Special Education students spent days practicing. Mary wins the competition as well as Sky's heart. When she kisses Sky though, she discovers he is a horrible kisser and chooses to kiss her friend Slater (Harland Williams) instead.


Jessie Flower

Jessie Flower (aka Michaela Jill Murphy, born August 18, 1994 in Indiana) is an American voice actress. She is most well known as the voice of Toph in the Nickelodeon animated television series "". She also voiced the character Meng in the season one episode "" and Peggy in "Random! Cartoons" episode Tiffany. Jessie has been in several movies, including "Meet the Robinsons", "Over the Hedge", "The Ant Bully", "Finding Nemo", and "Brother Bear 2". She has also worked in anime, providing the English dub for Nasse in the Anime "Platinum End".


Daniel Hudson (baseball)

Daniel Claiborne Hudson (born March 9, 1987 in Lynchburg, Virginia) is an American baseball player. He currently plays as a pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball (MLB).

Hudson formerly played for the Chicago White Sox from 2009-2010 and was traded to the Diamondbacks on July 30, 2010 along with minor league pitcher David Holmberg for Edwin Jackson.


Ethan Spaulding

Ethan Spaulding is a crew person on the animated television series "". He directed twelve episodes, and held various crew positions on several others.

Greg Baldwin

Greg Baldwin (born September 13, 1960 in Grants, New Mexico) is an American actor and voice actor. Raised in Spring, Texas, he currently lives in the San Fernando Valley with Melissa Baldwin twenty-five year old wife and their two children, Sydney and Cooper.

He has worked in the theatre extensively, appearing as (among others) Mushnik in "Little Shop Of Horrors", Dr. Zubritsky in Neil Simon's "Fools" and Count Otto Von Bruno in "Bullshot Crummond." He is also a voice actor, with some of his roles including Boris The Cosmonaut Monkey in "Brandy & Mr. Whiskers," Daddy Bailey in "Xiaolin Showdown" and Jack M. Crazyfish in "Spongebob SquarePants." His voice can also be heard in many video games, such as "", "F.E.A.R." and "Bioshock", among others. He was chosen to take over the roles of Iroh on "" and Aku of the final season of "Samurai Jack" after the death of the original voice actor, Mako. He also voices the ancient Jedi Master Tera Sinube on "".
Greg Baldwin attended the University of Houston.


Jeremy Zuckerman

Jeremy Zuckerman is an American composer and musician. He has studied at Berklee College of Music, Boston, and California Institute of the Arts. He is mostly known for composing the score of . He has also collaborated with David Lee Roth.


Cricket Leigh

Cricket Leigh is an American actress. Cricket was born in Michigan, raised in Chicago and graduated from New York University before moving to Los Angeles. She played all eight characters in, and wrote "Constantly Distracted" in 2005. She also played Alma on "Pop Tarts" in 1999. In 2002, Cricket Leigh voiced Tangier in "Red Faction 2". In 2003, she played Mala in "Terra". She played Bernice on "Boys & Girls Guide To Getting Down" in 2006. She began voicing Mai in "" in seasons 2 and 3. As of 2007, she provided the voice of Basil in Capcom's 3rd-person action game "".

Olivia Hack

Olivia Hack (born June 16, 1983) is an American voice actress and comedienne, best known for providing to be replacing the recently departed Devyn Puett (1992-1993 and 1995 cameo voice actress) for providing the voice of Rhonda Wellington Lloyd in Nickelodeon's "Hey Arnold!", and played Cindy Brady in the 1995-1996 theatrical "Brady Bunch" films. She has also done voices for "Fillmore!", "Bratz" as Cloe, "Family Guy", "" as Ty Lee, and "Open Season 2" as Charlene. She appeared in "Star Trek Generations", "Party of Five", and "Gilmore Girls". She was born in Beverly Hills, California.


Joaquim Dos Santos

Joaquim Dos Santos is an American television director of animated cartoons, best known for his directing work on "Justice League Unlimited".



DVD Talk

DVD Talk is a website for DVD enthusiasts founded in January 1999 by Geoffrey Kleinman when DVDs and DVD players were first beginning to hit the market.


36th Annie Awards

The 36th Annual Annie Awards, honoring the best in animation for 2008, were held on 30 January 2009 at Royce Hall in Los Angeles, California. Below is a list of announced nominees. "Kung Fu Panda" received the most awards with 11, winning nearly all of its nominations.


























Cliff Curtis

Clifford Vivian Devon "Cliff" Curtis (born 27 July 1968 in Rotorua, New Zealand) is a New Zealand actor. Curtis has been in many different movies as well as television shows. Curtis started acting musicals like "Fiddler on the Roof" and "Man of La Mancha". Curtis made his big screen debut in the Oscar-nominated film, "The Piano".

Curtis was born to an amateur dancer and is one of nine children. Curtis is married. He has two children.

Curtis has acted in many movies:
Curtis has also acted in television series:


BuddyTV

BuddyTV is an entertainment-based website based in Seattle, Washington. It creates content about television programs and sporting events. The website publishes information about celebrity and related entertainment news through a series of articles, entertainment profiles, actor biographies and user forums.


Annecy International Animated Film Festival

The Annecy International Animation Film Festival (Festival International du Film d'Animation d'Annecy) was created in 1960. It takes place at the beginning of June in the town of Annecy, France. At first, it took place every two years. The festival became annual in 1998. It is one of the four international animated movie festivals sponsored by the "Association d'International du Film d'Animation" (or ASIFA, the International Animated Film Association)





Motion Picture Sound Editors

Founded in 1953, Motion Picture Sound Editors (M.P.S.E.) is an honorary society of motion picture sound editors. The society's goals are to educate others about and increase the recognition of the sound editors, show the artistic merit of the soundtracks, and improve the professional relationship of its members. The society is not to be confused with an industry union, such as the I.A.T.S.E The current president is Bobbi Banks.

The names of active members of the MPSE will generally appear in film credits with the post-nominal letters "MPSE".

The following are required for the membership application:



Started in 1953, the MPSE has annually presented awards to sound editors in the following categories:


The categories are further broken down based on specific genres and between Feature Film's and Television shows.

There are also "other" categories that include Sound Editing in Computer Entertainment, the Career Achievement Award, and the Inaugural Filmmaker's Award. The MPSE also sponsors the Verna Fields Award for Sound Editing in a Student Film and the Ethel Crutcher Scholarship.


Ampthill

Ampthill is a small town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England, between Bedford and Luton. About 6000 people live in the town. A regular market has taken place on Thursdays for more than 700 years.
The name 'Ampthill' comes from an Anglo-Saxon word, 'Aemethyll', which means either 'ant-heap' or 'ant infested hill'. In the Domesday Book, Ampthill is called 'Ammetelle', with the landholder in 1086 being Nigel de la Vast. 

In 1242, King Henry III gave Ampthill the right to hold a market on Thursdays. The Thursday markets are still held.

Henry VIII often visited Ampthill Castle. Katherine of Aragon lived at the castle from 1531 until she was divorced in 1533, when she was moved to Kimbolton. The castle was built in the 15th century by Sir John Cornwall, later Lord Fanhope. He used money he had made from ransoms after the Battle of Agincourt. The castle is now gone but there are some interesting parts of castle life still in existence. This includes ponds, such as West Minster Pond, made to hold and grow fish for food for the castle.

Houghton House was built in 1621 by Mary, Countess of Pembroke and brother of the poet Sir Philip Sidney. In 1675, the house gave John Bunyan the idea for the 'House Beautiful' in his book "The Pilgrim's Progress". Bunyan's book is based on his own journey between Bedford and Luton. The steep slope leading into Ampthill was the model for the 'Hill of Difficulty'. Houghton House passed to the Duke of Bedford in 1738 and became a ruin after the roof was taken off in 1794.


List of Avatar: The Last Airbender characters

The list of characters:

Aang (Zach Tyler Eisen) is the 12-year-old protagonist of the series who had been frozen in ice with his flying bison, Appa, for 100 years. He was found by a young Waterbender named Katara who later becomes his love interest. He is the current incarnation of the Avatar, the master of 4 elements. Aang is a reluctant hero who tries to restore balance to the world.

Katara (Mae Whitman) is a 14-year-old Waterbender of the Southern Water Tribe. Katara and her brother, Sokka, discover and free Aang from a block of ice in which he had been frozen for 100 years. With her brother Sokka, she accompanies Aang on his quest to defeat the Fire Lord Ozai and, eventually, becomes his Waterbending teacher. Katara also becomes one of the only Waterbenders that have the ability to Bloodbend, which allows her to control any person by bending the water inside the blood; although she is reluctant to use the ability. In the original un-aired pilot episode, Katara's name was Kaya; this later is stated to be her mother's name.

