Sokka (Jack DeSena) is a 15-year-old warrior of the Southern Water Tribe. With his sister, Katara, he accompanies Aang on his quest to defeat the Fire Lord. As both the joker and the idea man of the group, Sokka describes himself as "meat-loving" and "sarcastic". Unlike his companions, Sokka does not have any bending ability; however the series, though it often makes him the victim of comedy at his expense, frequently grants him opportunities to use his ingenuity and weapons, including his trusty boomerang and a sword he forged from a meteorite. From creator Michael Dante DiMartino it was revealed that Sokka also had some waterbending potential, but never realized it.

Toph (Jessie Flower) is a 12-year-old blind, yet tough Earthbender who's a member of the rich Bei Fong family. She first appears in the second season of the show. Not long after meeting Aang and his friends, Toph leaves her wealthy family and comfortable home to join Aang on his quest and a plan to teach him Earthbending. Though blind, Toph "sees" by feeling vibrations in the ground through her feet. She is the only Earthbender to learn to bend metal and is considered one of the most powerful Earthbenders.

Zuko (Dante Basco) is the 16-year-old exiled prince of the Fire Nation and original antagonist of the series. Due to events in Zuko's past, his father Fire Lord Ozai, deems him a complete failure, and Zuko feels he must capture the Avatar to regain his honor. Over time, Zuko struggles to deal with his anger, self-pity, and complex familial relationships. Over the course of the series he grows more sympathetic to the people his nation has terrorized. He takes on the identity of "the blue spirit" at the end of season one and beginning of season two. In season three, he defects from the Fire Nation and joins the Avatar and the team in order to teach Aang Firebending. At the end of the series, he is crowned ruler of the Fire Nation.

Azula (Grey DeLisle) is 17 and the manipulative princess of the Fire Nation. She is Zuko's younger sister and one of the major antagonists of the series. Azula is a Firebending prodigy and is one of the few living Firebenders capable of casting lightning. She uses fear to control her relatives or friends Mai and Ty Lee, reserving her family loyalty for her father alone.

Iroh (Mako in season one and two. Greg Baldwin in season three) is a retired Fire Nation general, known as the Dragon of the West, and Prince Zuko's uncle and mentor. Iroh was the original heir to the Fire Nation throne, though his brother usurped it after their father's death. On the surface, Iroh is a cheerful, kind, optimistic, eccentric, tea-loving old man, but he still remains a powerful warrior and is also a devoted surrogate parent to Zuko. Iroh is a Grand Master of the Order of the White Lotus, a secret society of men from all nations and helps retake Ba Sing Se during the series finale. Unlike most Firebenders, Iroh does not use anger as the source of his strength; instead he uses the original Firebending skills learned from the Dragons.

The characters of "Avatar: The Last Airbender" were designed by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, the co-creators of the series. The anime-styled character art based on Shinichiro Watanabe's "Cowboy Bebop", "Samurai Champloo", and "FLCL" ("Fooly Cooly") of Gainax. The original character conception was derived from a sketch by Bryan Konietzko that depicted a middle-aged balding man with an arrow on his head. Studios such as Studio 4°C, Production I.G, and Studio Ghibli, which produced anime-styled cartoons, were also sources of inspiration.

The greatest influences on the series were Asian art and history; the characters' various personalities and traits are based on philosophical teachings such as Taoism and Buddhism. In the show, some characters have the ability to manipulate one of the four classic elements of ancient philosophy: Water, Earth, Fire and Air, although the Avatar has the ability to control all four. Each of these employ a different form of martial arts in their fighting choreography: Ba Gua for Airbending, Hung Gar for Earthbending, Northern Shaolin for Firebending, and Tai Chi for Waterbending.<ref name="avatar2/index.jhtml"></ref> These individual styles of martial arts also reflect on the personalities of the user and the nations as a whole. These starkly individual tendencies are explained in eighty-five distinct types of "Jings", or internal energy. For example, Ba Gua employs the "negative jing" to create erratic circular movements and capitalizes on centripetal force and defensive positions while Northern Shaolin follows the "positive jing" and emphasizes brute strength and aggression to generate power. The negative jing reflects Aang's bending styles and his tendency to be unpredictable and extremely carefree, as well as his pacifist and non-aggressive nature.

Many of the recurring characters of the series have received more depth in their personalities, which are usually based on their respective element. Aang, a pacifist monk, is also very carefree and childlike, which is commonly attributed to the "freedom" of the wind and the air. Toph, despite being blind, is extremely perceptive of the world around her due to her connection to the Earth. Unlike Aang, she is extremely brusque when criticizing others, which is attributed to Earth's tough and unbreakable nature.

The characters of "Avatar: The Last Airbender" received both praise and criticism from reviewers. Troy Island Mell, of IGN, felt that the story "would [not] be anywhere near as good as it is without its ability to create such strong characters". In particular, Mell enjoyed the development of Katara and Zuko throughout the first season, but thought that Zuko's relationship with his uncle was not "very organic." Jamie S. Rich of DVD Talk generally agreed with Mell's assessment of the characters. Rich also praised the fact that, unlike many cartoon television series, "Avatar" introduces antagonists that have a deep backstory and "are [not] just evil for the sake of it".

Jeremy Mullin, another IGN reviewer, disagreed with Mell and Rich; he felt that the characters were not brilliantly done, though he noted that they introduced some drama and romantic tension usually not found on Nickelodeon, especially between Aang and Katara. Lair of the Green Knight and DVD Verdict also enjoyed the romantic tension, focusing mainly on the female cast: Katara, Toph, and Azula, as well as the two minor characters, Mai and Ty Lee. Fitz at Lair of the Green Knight lauded the decision to not stereotypically fashion the woman into the "usual weak female characters" but to instead give them "strong opinions and strength". IGN also compared character relationships, complimenting "Sokka and Princess Yue's forbidden love" while criticizing Iroh and Zuko's relationship as not being executed properly. DVDVerdict felt that some minor characters, especially Mai and Ty Lee, were "love em' or hate em'" characters. Gabriel Powers of DVDActive thought that while the characters fit into neat "archetypes", it was not a bad thing and fit well with the series.

In 2008, "Avatar" was awarded a Peabody for its "unusually complex characters". This makes the cartoon one of few animations to win the award and the only one to be cited for its character development.

Ozai

Ozai (also known as Fire Lord Ozai or the Phoenix King) is a fictional character and the main antagonist in Nickelodeon's animated series "". He is the father of Azula and Zuko, the younger brother of Iroh, grandson of Fire Lord Sozin, and the rival of the main protagonist of the series, Avatar Aang, who must stop Ozai to bring balance to the world. He is also member of the 5th Council. He is voiced by Mark Hamill and will be played by Daniel Dae Kim in the live-action remake.

Ozai first appears in the episode "Winter Solstice Part 2: Avatar Roku" in a vision where Avatar Roku explains to Aang that Ozai plans to use Sozin's Comet to increase his firebending ability. In the episode "The Storm" he is shown in a flashback of a story being told by Iroh explaining why Zuko is obsessed with capturing the Avatar. Zuko is challenged to a duel by Ozai and when Zuko refuses to fight, Ozai burns his son's face and banishes him. Zuko now tries to capture the Avatar to restore his honor and please his father. At the conclusion of the season 1 finale, "The Siege of the North, Part 2", Ozai sees Zuko as a failure and believes Iroh is now a traitor to the Fire Nation. Just before the episode ends, he is seen giving a task to Azula, though the details of this task are not revealed until season 2.

In the episode "Zuko Alone" his origin is shown in a flashback from back when his father Azulon was Fire Lord. After Iroh's son dies from the war in Ba Sing Se, Ozai claims that he should inherit the throne instead of his older brother, stating that because Iroh no longer has a son, the bloodline of Fire Lords would end with him. Azulon, infuriated at the request, orders Ozai to kill his own son, Zuko, to understand the pain that Iroh felt. Ozai's wife, Ursa, knowing that Ozai would do anything for the throne, offered Ozai a plan to spare Zuko's life and his place to the throne. This resulted the death of Fire Lord Azulon and the banishment of Ursa, though the latter is not revealed until season 3.

Ozai makes his first full appearance in the first episode of season 3, "The Awakening", after the Earth city of Ba Sing Se is conquered by Azula and the Fire Nation. Ozai now welcomes his son, Zuko, home after Azula states that he killed the Avatar. While in a war meeting, Zuko states that even though the Earth Kingdom is conquered that they would still not officially give up. Ozai concludes that the only way to defeat their resistance is to use the power of Sozin's Comet to increase the Fire Nation's power. When it becomes known that the resistance plans to invade the Fire Nation during the eclipse, Ozai evacuates the capital city and hides underground. There he comes face to face with his son, Zuko, who finally stands up to him saying he did not kill the Avatar and he's through trying to earn his love. Zuko states that what Ozai is doing is wrong, that the Fire Nation should live in peace and kindness with the other nations instead of spreading fear across the world. Ozai merely laughs at this. Zuko then admits he will free his Uncle Iroh and help the Avatar stop him. Ozai then provokes Zuko to kill him but Zuko refuses, saying it's the Avatar's destiny to stop him not his. When Zuko starts to walk away, Ozai distracts him by revealing what happened to his mother. When the eclipse ends, Ozai bends lightning straight at Zuko, but Zuko simply redirects it.

When Sozin's Comet arrives he dubs himself the Phoenix King and declares that he is the ruler of the world. He also appoints his daughter Azula to the rank of Fire Lord. While attacking the Earth Kingdom, he is confronted by Avatar Aang. Because of his enhanced power and Aang's refusal to kill Ozai, he originally has the advantage. He is eventually defeated when Aang enters the Avatar state and strips Ozai of his Firebending ability by Energybending. After the defeat Team Avatar taunts him and calls him names, stating that he's not so tough now without his power. He is then imprisoned in the Fire Nation prison where Zuko visits him, stating that maybe prison will set him up in the right path, then demands to know where his mother is.

Ozai is revealed to be a cruel leader. He is easily angered and merciless. His cruel personality could be due to his failure in his relationship with his father, Azulon, who always favored his older brother, Iroh, over him. Ozai would prove to be a heartless father to his own son, Zuko, believing him a failure and even burning his face and banishing him. He even banished his own wife, though admitted later that he felt banishment was too light a punishment. He has a lust for power, a quality shared by his daughter Azula. He favors his daughter over Zuko, seeing her as a firebending prodigy. The expectations Ozai had for Azula caused her to become stressed and paranoid, eventually leading to her mental breakdown at the end of the series.

Ozai is an extremely skilled and powerful firebender, able to hold his own at the height of his powers due to Sozin's Comet against Aang despite Aang's status as a full-fledged Avatar. He is one of the few who can generate lightning along with Azula and Iroh, though he is shown to be the only one to shoot lightning out of both hands. With his firebending ability he is able to propel himself in the air similar to a jet. When Sozin's Comet arrives his firebending ability increases even more. After confronting the Avatar, Ozai's powers are taken away by Aang's Energybending.

He appears as an antagonist in the video game "".

Fire Lord Ozai appears in the live action feature film in "The Last Airbender" played by Cliff Curtis. Unlike the series, Ozai is a regular character in the film.

Daniel Dae Kim will play Ozai in the Netflix of the series.


Mai

Mai may refer to:


Appa

Appa is a fictional flying bison in Nickelodeon's animated television series "". The character and series were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. Appa is voiced by Dee Bradley Baker.


Momo (Avatar: The Last Airbender)

Momo is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series "". The character and series were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. Momo is voiced by Dee Bradley Baker.


Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit

The Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit is a street circuit around Albert Park Lake, only a couple of kilometres south of central Melbourne. It is used once a year as a racetrack for the Australian Grand Prix and associated support races.

The circuit uses everyday sections of road that circle Albert Park Lake, a small man-made lake just south of the Central Business District of Melbourne. The roads that are used were rebuilt prior to the first race in 1996 to ensure consistency and smoothness. As a result, the Albert Park track has quite a smooth surface. 

The course is considered to be quite fast and relatively easy to drive. Drivers have commented that the consistent placement of corners allows them to easily learn the circuit and achieve competitive times. The flat terrain around the lake, coupled with a track design that features few true straights, means that it is not easy to pass another car on the track. Watching the entire race track can only be done from a grandstand seat.

Each year, most of the trackside fencing, pedestrian overpasses, grandstands and other motorsport infrastructure must be erected for the race. This is done about one month before the Grand Prix weekend. They are all removed by six weeks after the event. Land around the circuit has restricted access during the grand prix weekend. This includes an aquatic centre, a golf course, a football stadium, some restaurants and rowing boathouses. Many nearby local residents are unhappy with the loss of park access. Some maintain a silent protest against the event. The event is popular with most people in Melbourne and Australia. They have a large European population and a general interest in motorsport. Middle Park (stadium), the home of South Melbourne FC was demolished in 1994 due to expansion at Albert Park.

Albert Park has the distinction of being the only venue to hold the Australian Grand Prix in both World Championship and non-World Championship formats. Prior to the Grand Prix, a modified version of the current circuit was used for both the 1953 and 1956 Grands Prix. During this time Albert Park ran anti-clockwise as opposed to the current GP circuit standard clockwise.



Semiramide

Semiramide is an Italian opera written by Gioachino Rossini. It has two acts. It was first performed at the Teatro La Fenice in Venice, on February 3, 1823, libretto by Gaetano Rossi. This was after Voltaire's "Semiramis". This opera was successful from the start and is still performed today.



Clancy Brown

Clarence John "Clancy" Brown III (born January 5, 1959) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Byron Hadley in "The Shawshank Redemption" and Career Sergeant Zim in "Starship Troopers". He is perhaps best known for his role as the Kurgan in the cult classic "Highlander". Brown also works extensively as a voice actor in animated TV series. He was the voice of Lex Luthor on "" and "Justice League"/"Justice League Unlimited". He also voices Mr. Krabs on "SpongeBob SquarePants".


TV Guide (magazine)

TV Guide is an American weekly magazine about television programming.

In addition to TV listings, the publication features television-related news, celebrity interviews, gossip and film reviews and crossword puzzles. Some issues also have horoscope listings.


Annie Awards

The Annie Awards are given to recognize good work in animation. They have been presented by the Los Angeles, California branch of the International Animated Film Association, ASIFA-Hollywood since 1972.







34th Annie Awards

The ceremony for the 34th Annual Annie Awards, honoring the best in animation in 2006, was held on February 11, 2007 at the Alex Theatre in Glendale, California.

The nominations were announced on December 4, 2006.

Winners are marked in bold text.
























Significant and benevolent or charitable impact on the art and industry of animation.

Recognition of lifetime or career contributions to the art of animation.





59th Primetime Emmy Awards

The 59th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on September 16, 2007 and were live on television on Fox at 8:00 p.m. EDT (00:00 UTC) for the first time in high definition (on tape delay three hours later on the West Coast of the United States at 8:00 p.m. PDT/3:00 UTC). The ceremonies were hosted by Ryan Seacrest. 

Creative Arts Awards winners who were recognized at the Primetime telecast.



The Cheeky Girls

The Cheeky Girls are a female bubblegum pop/bubblegum dance and europop duo based in Great Britain. They are identical twins from Transylvania, Romania. They have been active since 2002 when they auditioned in "". Their songs include "The Cheeky Song (Touch My Bum)", "Take Your Shoes Off", "(Hooray, Hooray!) It's a Cheeky Holiday!", "Have a Cheeky Christmas", "Cheeky Flamenco" and "Boys and Girls (Xmas Time Love)". They released another single named "The Farmyard Hokey", but it did not chart. They also have one album, "Party Time as In My Mind (Is A Different World - A Cheeky One)". This album did not chart in the official albums chart. They are part of Multiply record label. Their real names are Gabriela and Monica Irimia.

Junior Seau

Tiaina Baul "Junior" Seau, Jr. (January 19, 1969 – May 2, 2012) was an NFL football player. His jersey number was #55 and he was a linebacker. He was 43 years old. He was 6'3" in height and weighed 250 lb (pounds). He attended the University of Southern California. He played for the New England Patriots, Miami Dolphins and the San Diego Chargers. He had a foundation called the Junior Seau Foundation. He owned his own restaurant in San Diego. He played in the Pro Bowl 12 times. He was of Samoan origin. He received the nickname "Tazmanian Devil" from his teammates. He also has a dance called the "Lightning Bolt Dance" from his days with the Chargers. On May 2, 2012, Seau was found dead in his home by his girlfriend from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the chest.


Momo

Momo could mean:

Autódromo José Carlos Pace

Autódromo José Carlos Pace, also known by its former name Interlagos, is a motor racing circuit. It is in the city of São Paulo. It is named after Carlos Pace. Pace was a Brazilian Formula One driver, who died in 1977. The track was renamed in his honor. It is well known for being the venue of the Formula One Brazilian Grand Prix.

The land on which the circuit is built was originally bought in 1926 by property developers. They wanted to build a large suburban development.
Following financial difficulties, partly due to the 1929 stock market crash, it was decided to built a racing circuit instead. Construction started in 1938 and the track was opened in May 1940.

The traditional name of the circuit, Interlagos, literally means "between lakes". It comes from the fact that it was built between two large artificial lakes, Guarapiranga and Billings. They were built in the early 20th century to supply the city with water and electric power. It was renamed in 1985 to its current name to honor the Brazilian Formula One driver José Carlos Pace, who died in a plane crash in 1977.

The facilities include a kart circuit named after Ayrton Senna.
The circuit is one of the few non-oval racing circuits to go in an anti-clockwise (counter-clockwise) direction. The present design of the track dates back to 1990. The FIA had placed new restrictions on track length. The original circuit was shortened from 7.829 km to only 4.397 km. The track lost three long straight sections and three fast curves. The direction on another curve was reversed and a new curve created. The original track had many fast corners that allowed cars to keep maximum speed for up to twenty seconds. This was considered very dangerous. The new track still has a very long high-speed section. That section contains bumps, high-speed turns and little run-off area, but the track is very wide at this point.

Another feature that makes Interlagos interesting is that it follows the ups and downs of hilly ground. This makes the circuit harder to drive and more demanding on the car's engine. The hilly course is also a good feature for cycling races held in the circuit.

The circuit is known for its bumpy surface. This can cause damage on an F1 car, which has a very low ride height. The races are also physically tough on the drivers. With more right turns, the drivers' necks are forced to move to the left. Since drivers turn left more often, the other side of their neck is usually stronger.

For the Brazilian Grand Prix, major repairs were made to the circuit. They were the largest set of repairs made in the last 35 years. The repairs were to fix the problems with the track surface. The existing asphalt surface was entirely replaced, resulting in a much smoother track surface. At the same time, the pit lane entrance was improve for safety. A new grandstand was built. For the work to be done, the circuit was closed. No events were held in the five months immediately preceding the race.

On 17 October 2007, Companhia Paulista de Trens Metropolitanos (CPTM) opened a new station of the Line C, "Autódromo", near the racing circuit. The Line C had been extended to improve the access between the center of São Paulo and southern area of the Greater São Paulo including the circuit. This improved access to the circuit.

The race start is in front of the "Tribunas" section and features a long straight section. Next comes "S do Senna" (Senna's S), a series of left, right, and left turns.

"S do Senna" connects with "Curva do Sol" (Sun Turn), a large-radius left-turn that leads to "Reta Oposta" (Opposite Straight). This refers to the unused back straight of the pre-1990 circuit. Next are two left hand, downhill turns that are called "Descida do Lago" (Lake Descent) and "Mergulho" (Dive). Then there is a short straight section that goes downhill.

After "Mergulho" comes a slow and difficult section, with tight turns and elevation changes. These turns are "Ferradura" (Horseshoe), "Laranjinha" (Orange Turn), "Pinheirinho" (Small Pine Tree), "Bico de Pato" (Duck Bill), and then two left hand turns called "Junção" (Junction).

After "Junção" there is a long, high-speed section. The is "Subida dos Boxes" (Up to the Pits), a long, left-hand uphill turn. At the end there are turns 14 and 15 that form what was once called "Cotovelo" (Elbow).

Interlagos has one of the longest pit-lanes ever used in Formula One. It starts just before the start-finish straight and rejoining the main course after Curva do Sol. Before 2007, the pits entrance was a difficult high-speed left turn. The pit lane entrance was changed to become safer for the 2007 Brazilian Grand Prix.

The fastest laps at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace.


Pewter

Pewter is an alloy made of tin mixed with antimony and copper. It is soft and flexible and it can be melted easily. It dissolves in hydrochloric acid to produce tin(II) chloride, leaving the antimony and copper behind in the hydrochloric acid. In the past, it was used to make knives, forks, spoons and other pieces of cutlery because it was easy to melt down many times. It used to contain poisonous lead, but it does not contain lead anymore as the lead would make people ill when making things with pewter.


Tin(II) chloride

Tin(II) chloride, also known as stannous chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnCl. It has tin and chloride ions in it. The tin is in its +2 oxidation state. 

It is a colorless crystalline solid. It is a reducing agent. It is poisonous to mollusks like clams and oysters. It reacts with water to make tin(II) oxide hydrate, which is white, and hydrochloric acid. That is why tin(II) chloride is normally dissolved in hydrochloric acid. It reacts with oxygen in the air to make tin(IV) chloride and tin(IV) oxide. It reacts with silver and gold compounds to make silver and gold metal. It also reacts with ferric compounds to make ferrous compounds.

It reacts with bases to make tin(II) oxide hydrate, which is white; if more base is added, the tin(II) oxide hydrate dissolves to make a clear solution again. 

It is made when tin reacts with hydrochloric acid.

It is used to electroplate tin on steel. It is used in the coloring of textiles. It is used to make silvered mirrors. A certain plastic uses it as a catalyst. It was used as a test for mercury(II) ions. If it is added to a colorless solution of mercury(II), a white solid of mercury(I) would form. If more is added, a black solid of mercury metal would be made. It turns bright purple in a solution that has gold ions in it. It is used in organic chemistry as a reducing agent.


Tin(II) sulfate

Tin(II) sulfate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnSO. It contains tin and sulfate ions. The tin is in its +2 oxidation state.

It is a white crystalline solid. It is not a reducing agent like other compounds containing tin(II), like tin(II) chloride. It absorbs water from the atmosphere and dissolves in the water it absorbed.

It is made by dissolving tin in sulfuric acid. It is also made by reacting tin with copper(II) sulfate.

It is used as a source of tin(II) ions without any tin(IV) ions contaminating them.


Tin(IV) chloride

Tin(IV) chloride, also known as stannic chloride or tin tetrachloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnCl. It contains tin and chloride ions. The tin is in its +4 oxidation state.

It is a corrosive liquid (anhydrous) or solid (hydrated). It makes hydrochloric acid fumes which irritate the nose. It reacts with strong bases to make tin(IV) oxide hydrate. It also reacts with hydrochloric acid to make the SnCl ion.

It is made by reacting tin with chlorine. 

Sn + 2 Cl → SnCl

It was used in World War I to create irritating clouds of smoke. It is also used to make tin(IV) fluoride. It is also used to make organic compounds that have tin in them.


Tin chloride

Tin chloride may refer to either of these compounds:


Caesium-137

Caesium 137 is an isotope of caesium. It is radioactive. It is often a by-product of nuclear fission. It has a half life of about 30 years. Many areas where nuclear accidents have occurred, such as Chernobyl and Fukushima, are contaminated with caesium-137.

Tin(IV) oxide

Tin(IV) oxide, also known as tin dioxide or stannic oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnO. It has tin and oxide ions in it. It has tin in its +4 oxidation state. 

It is a white powdery solid. It reacts with acids to produce stannic salts, such as tin(IV) chloride with hydrochloric acid. It reacts with strong bases to make stannites. It reacts with carbon at a high temperature to make tin metal.

It is found as cassiterite in the mineral form. Cassiterite is an ore of tin. 

It can be made in pure form by burning powdered tin in air.

It is used to detect carbon monoxide. It is also used as a catalyst for certain reactions. It is also used to make ceramics opaque (not clear). It is used in sensors of gases that can burn. A tin(IV) oxide wire is heated. When a flammable gas flows over it, it can conduct a little electricity. The sensor measures the electricity.


Strontium-90

Strontium-90 is a radioactive isotope of strontium. It has a half life of roughly 29 years. Strontium-90 and strontium-89 have medical applications. They are used for radiation therapy, in the treatment of certain bone cancers. Because its application generates a lot of heat it is sometimes used instead of Plutonium in nuclear power plants.

Tin(II) oxide

Tin(II) oxide, also known as stannous oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnO. It has tin in an oxidation state of +2. It also has oxide ions in it.

It is normally a blue-black solid. It can be red but the red form is more unstable. It burns in air with a green flame to make tin(IV) oxide. It is a reducing agent. It is rarer than tin(IV) oxide. It dissolves in acids to make a colorless solution.

It can be made by reacting sulfuric acid with tin and reacting the tin(II) sulfate made with sodium hydroxide to make the tin(II) oxide hydrate. This is heated to get the tin(II) oxide.

It is used in touchscreens. It is used to make a glass with gold in it called ruby glass.


Tin oxide

Tin oxide may refer to either of the following compounds:


Chemical stability

Chemical stability refers to the resistance of a chemical to change in a chemical reaction. Some chemicals, like gold, are very stable and resistant to change; but sodium is unstable and corrodes rapidly in the presence of air. When an atom has an extra electron or a missing electron, it is unstable. When that atom loses or gains the electron, it becomes stable. Stable atoms have lower energy than unstable ones.


Pisces (astrology)

The symbol represents fish, swimming in different directions. The two shapes are also crescents, facing outward, which represents the idea that Pisceans are open to new things and to change.

Pisces has been traditionally ruled by the planet Jupiter, but since its discovery, Neptune has been considered a modern ruler of this sign. Being the twelfth sign, Pisces is associated with the astrological twelfth house.

Individuals born when the Sun was in this sign are considered ""Pisceans"". The Sun can be seen 1n Pisces from about February 19 to March 20, ending at the moment of vernal equinox by definition under the tropical zodiac.

Under the "sidereal zodiac", it is generally there from about March 15 to April 13.

James Wilson

James Wilson (September 14, 1742 – August 21, 1798) was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. He was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence. Wilson was elected two times to the Continental Congress, and was a major force in drafting the United States Constitution. He was a leading legal thinker, and he was one of the first six justices appointed by George Washington to the Supreme Court of the United States. Wilson was born in Scotland, but lived most of his life in Pennsylvania.

James Wilson was born in Carskerdo, near St. Andrews, Scotland. His parents were William Wilson and Alison Landall. Wilson attended a number of universities in Scotland without attaining a degree. Imbued with the ideas of the Scottish Enlightenment, he moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in British America in 1766, carrying valuable letters of introduction. These helped Wilson to begin tutoring and then teaching at The Academy and College of Philadelphia (now the University of Pennsylvania). He petitioned there for a degree and was awarded an honorary Master of Arts several months later.

Wilson started reading the law at the office of John Dickinson a short time later. After two years of studying, he got the bar in Philadelphia, and, in the following year (1767), set up his own practice in Reading, Pennsylvania. His office was very successful and he earned a small fortune in a few years. By then he had a small farm near Carlisle, Pennsylvania, was handling cases in eight local counties, and was lecturing at The Academy and College of Philadelphia.

On 5 November 1771, he married Rachel Bird, daughter of William Bird and Bridgette Hulings, they had six children together.

In 1774, Wilson wrote a pamphlet saying that the British Parliament had no power in America. He was for the Declaration of Independence when he was in the Continental Congress. During the American Revolution, he served in the Pennsylvania State Militia. He was also attacked at his house by a mob. This was called the Fort Wilson riot. Wilson also continued to practice law, and was France's lawyer in the U.S.

Wilson was one of the main political economists at the Constitutional Convention. He gave more speeches than anyone but Gouverneur Morris. He also proposed the three-fifths compromise, and sat on the Committee of Detail.

Wilson served on the United States Supreme Court from 1789 to 1798. He was the first associate justice nominated by George Washington.

Ultratop 40 Singles

Ultratop 40 Singles, often called Ultratop 40, is the weekly chart of best-selling singles in Wallonia, Belgium. Its equivalent covering the Flanders region is Ultratop 50. Both charts are made and published by the Ultratop organization. Like the UK Singles Chart, Ultratop creates charts based on retail record sales of around 500 retail outlets and legal digital downloads. Currently GfK is the market observer of the charts. The chart broadcasts on Radio Contact on Saturdays from 12:00 to 14:00. The combined number of Ultratop chart listeners on radio or TV stations exceeds two million each week. To celebrate the 10th anniversary of the charts in 2005 a jubilee book was published. It covered all the 15,282 singles from 5,882 artists thus far.


Ultratop 50 Singles

Ultratop 50 Singles, often called Ultratop 50, is the weekly chart of fifty best-selling singles in Flanders, Belgium. Ultratop 50 and is produced and published by the Ultratop organization. The chart has existed since March 31, 1995. It is published in Dutch, French, and English, and is presented on several Belgian radio stations as well as on TMF Flanders television.

Its equivalent in the Wallonia region of Belgium is known as the "Ultratop 40 Singles" chart.

Three other charts from the Ultratop organization bear similar names: two separate and usually different charts named "Ultratop 50 Albums" tracking weekly album performance in the Dutch-speaking Flanders and French-speaking Wallonia regions, respectively; and one chart named "Ultratop 50 Alternative Albums". All of these charts, too, are published in three languages.


Valencia Street Circuit

The Valencia Street Circuit is a semi-permanent street circuit in Valencia Spain. The circuit will host the Formula One European Grand Prix for seven years starting in The first Formula One race on the circuit was held on 24 August 2008, with Felipe Massa winning the event, the European Grand Prix. The circuit uses the roads around the city's harbour and America's Cup port area. One section of the circuit uses a 140 metre long swing bridge. 
It also includes some roads designed to be used only for racing purposes by the German architect Hermann Tilke. Tilke also designed the buildings used for the circuit.

The deal to host the Valencia race was signed on 1 June 2007. It will last for seven years. The deal was made with the Valmor Sport group. The official track layout was unveiled by Valencia councillor and transport minister, Mario Flores, on 19 July 2007. The track was first used in the last weekend of July 2008. The circuit hosted a round of the Spanish F3 Championship and International GT Open. It was first used for the European Grand Prix on 24 August 2008.

The track is long and incorporates a total of 25 turns. There are 11 right-hand turns and 14 left-hand turns. It is estimated that the track has a top speed of around . Valencia is not as tight as Circuit de Monaco. There are not very many places to pass. The straights not not very straight the track gets very dusty off line.

The circuit has been criticised by the drivers for its lack of overtaking opportunites. There have only been 4 recorded passes in the first race held in 2008, and no passes in 2009. There is little space in the circuit to make changes to improve passing.


Circuit Ricardo Tormo

Circuit Ricardo Tormo (also known as Circuit de Valencia and officially named "Circuit de la Comunitat Valenciana Ricardo Tormo") is a motorsport race track located in Cheste (Valencia, Spain) and built in 1999. It has a capacity of 120,000 spectators and seating for 60,000. It is often used as a test track by the Formula One teams, because of the mild temperatures in winter. Anthony Davidson holds the unofficial lap record, set in 2006 while testing a Honda, with a time of 1 m 08.540sec. The track hosts the MotoGP Valencian Community Grand Prix.

The track is named after Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle racer Ricardo Tormo (September 7, 1952 – December 27, 1998). Circuit Ricardo Tormo has been featured in a number of video games and simulations.


Velvet Sky

Jamie Szantyr (born June 2, 1981 in New Britain, Connecticut) is an American female professional wrestler currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. Velvet Sky is a former TNA Knockout Tag Team Champion. Sky also appeared in the WWE from 2005-06. Sky formerly dated Former WWE wrestler Gregory Helms but they broke up.


Sydney funnel-web spider

A Sydney funnel-web spider or Atrax robustus is a funnel-web spiders. Their bite is very serious and venomous and has killed 13 people since 1927. It is found in Sydney, Australia.


Circuit Gilles Villeneuve

The Circuit Gilles Villeneuve is a motor racing circuit. It is the location the Formula One Canadian Grand Prix, NASCAR Canadian Tire Series, NASCAR Nationwide Series and Grand-Am Rolex Sports Car Series.

The Canadian Grand Prix was held at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve for 30 years. In , the race was dropped from the Formula One calendar and replaced with the new Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. On 27 November 2009, Quebec's officials and Canadian Grand Prix organisers announced an agreement with Formula One and signed a new five-year contract. Circuit Gilles Villeneuve will host the Canadian Grand Prix from through the seasons. 

The circuit is located on Île Notre-Dame, a man-made island in the St. Lawrence River. It is part of the city of Montreal, was originally named the Île Notre-Dame Circuit. It was renamed in honour of Canadian Formula One driver Gilles Villeneuve, following his death in 1982. Gilles is the father of Jacques Villeneuve. The venue hosted the Champ Car World Series Grand Prix of Montreal from 2002 to 2006.

Barriers run close to the circuit and many experienced drivers have been caught out by them. A famous part of the circuit is the wall on the outside of the exit of the final chicane. The wall has the slogan "Bienvenue au Québec" ("Welcome to Quebec") painted on it. It has been giving the nickname "Mur du Québec" ("Quebec Wall"). In the wall ended the race of three Formula One World Champions, Damon Hill, Michael Schumacher, and Jacques Villeneuve. FIA GT champion Ricardo Zonta also crashed into the wall. Since then the wall has been nicknamed "The Wall Of Champions". Other drivers who have crashed into the wall include Jenson Button, Fernando Alonso, and Juan Pablo Montoya.

The curbs leading to the final chicane were made higher in . The new curbs were more difficult for the drivers to see, making the chicane even more challenging.

On 23 June 2006, Canadian Press reported that the city of Montreal had awarded Normand Legault the right to stage the race weekends on the track. Legault is the promoter of the Formula One race. The deal run until 2011, with an option to go to 2016. Legault decided to replace the Champ Car race with races from the Grand American Road Racing Association's Rolex Series and NASCAR's Nationwide Series. This would be NASCAR's first race in Canada. On 4 August 2007, Kevin Harvick made history by winning the first Nationwide Series (then Busch Series) race at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve.

The NASCAR races have changed the circuit layout. The pit lanes were expanded. NASCAR pit lane must handle at least 43 cars.

As part of Parc Jean-Drapeau, the Circuit is open to visitors, between races, for walking, running, biking, in-line skating, etc. During the few days of the Grand Prix, Île Notre-Dame is one of the noisiest places in Montreal. At just about any other time of the year, it is one of the quietest, being located in the middle of a river, on an island filled with greenery and animals, joggers and cyclists. 

As the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve serves as host to different racing series, it is possible to directly compare different race series' lap times.

In 2002, former Champ Car Champion Juan Pablo Montoya set pole position for the Canadian Grand Prix with a lap time of 1:12.836. Several weeks later, during the inaugural Champ Car Grand Prix of Montreal, Cristiano Da Matta set pole position with a lap time of 1:18.959.

2006 was the last year Champ Car and F1 ran on the same track. The pole position in Formula One was set by Fernando Alonso in a time of 1:14.942. Sébastien Bourdais set pole in 1:20.005 in Champ Car. 

In 2007 NASCAR Nationwide Series (then Busch Series) driver Patrick Carpentier set a pole time of 1:42.086. The track record for the Rolex Sports Car Series is 1:33.199 set by Scott Pruett in 2008.



A1

A1, A-1 or A.1. may refer to:












The Last Airbender

The Last Airbender is a 2010 American adventure fantasy movie released on 2 July 2010. It is a live-action movie adaptation based on of the "". The movie stars Noah Ringer as Aang, the main hero of the story. Aang and his friends, Katara and Sokka, journey to the North Pole to find a Waterbending master to teach Aang and Katara how control the water. At the same time, Fire Lord Ozai, the current Fire Lord of the Fire Nation, is waging a seemingly endless war against the Earth Kingdom, the Water Tribes, and the already vanquished Air Nomads. The movie also stars Nicola Peltz, Jackson Rathbone, and Dev Patel.

The first of a planned trilogy, "The Last Airbender" was created by Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon Movies. Development for a movie began in 2007; it was adapted into a movie by M. Night Shyamalan, who also directed and produced. Other producers include Frank Marshall, Kathleen Kennedy, Sam Mercer and Scott Aversano. The series from which it was adapted () was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. Filming began in mid-March 2009; the movie was released in both traditional two-dimensional projectors, as well as in 3D (using the RealD 3D format).<ref name="/FILM"></ref>

"The Last Airbender" was made for $150 million and marketed with a budget of $130 million, making total costs at least $280 million. Other estimates put the cost between $100 million and $110 million, while various news sources reported the whole "Last Airbender" trilogy would be made for around $250 million. Premiering in New York City on 30 June, 2010, it opened in the USA the following day, grossing an estimated $16 million. The movie had extremely negative reviews and is widely considered to be one of the worst movies of all time. It won 5 razzies in 2011, including Worst Picture and Worst Eye-Gouging Mis-Use of 3D.

The movie begins with Katara and Sokka finding an iceberg and freeing Aang, the last airbender, and his flying bison, Appa. This attracts the attention of Zuko. Arriving to the Southern Water Tribe, Zuko demands the elderly under the impression that Avatar is an old person until Aang is found. Aang surrenders himself to Zuko as long as he agrees to leave the village alone. Eventually he manages to get away from the guards before Katara and Sokka arrive on Appa, making their escape. Aang and friends visit the Southern Air Temple where the Avatar learns that he was in the ice for 100 years and the Fire Nation killed all the airbenders. It was there Aang meets up with the only known remaining "flying lemur", naming it "" as it joins Aang's group.

Arriving in a small town of Earth Kingdom that is controlled by the Fire Nation, Aang's group are arrested while helping a boy named Haru. They then incite a revolution reminding the disgruntled Earthbenders that earth was given to them through the air ducts. After, Katara finds a Waterbending scroll that she and Aang used to teach waterbending. During a side track to the Northern Air Temple on his own, Aang is betrayed by a peasant and captured by a group of Fire Nation Yuu Yan archers, commanded by Zhao. However, a masked marauder, the "Blue Spirit" (Zuko), frees Aang. Aware that Zuko is the "Blue Spirit," Zhao arranges the prince's death. But Zuko survives the attempt on his life and, with Iroh's help, sneaks aboard Zhao's lead ship as his fleet departs for the Northern Water Tribe to execute the plan he and Ozai set up with the scrolls from the Library detailing the spirits there.

Upon arriving, Aang's group is welcomed warmly by the citizens of the Northern Water Tribe. Sokka falls in love with Princess Yue, while Aang and Katara master their waterbending skills under master Pakku. Once the Fire Nation armada arrives, Zhao begins his attack while Zuko infiltrates the tribe on his own, capturing Aang while he entered the spirit world to find the dragon spirit to give him the wisdom to defeat the Fire Nation. Coming to his senses, Aang battles Zuko before Katara freezes him. As the battles escalates, Iroh watches Zhao slay the moon spirit Tui, causing the Waterbenders to lose all of their powers and abilities to Waterbend. However, Yue, who was imbued with some of the energy of the Moon Spirit when she was a newborn, sacrifices her life to revive the Moon Spirit. As Zhao is drowned by Northern Waterbenders after Zuko and Iroh leave him to his fate, Aang uses the ocean to drive the armada back. Aang now fully embraces his destiny as the Avatar and prepares to continue their struggle against Ozai. When news of Zhao's death and Iroh's betrayal reaches him, Ozai appoints his daughter Azula to capture both her uncle and older brother while hindering the Avatar in any way before Sozin's Comet makes its return within three years time.



Season finale

A season finale (British English: last in the series; Australian English: season final) is the final episode of a season of a television program. This is often the final episode to be produced for a few months or longer, and, as such, will try to attract viewers to continue watching when the series begins again.

A season finale may contain a cliffhanger ending to be resolved in the next season. Alternatively, a season finale could bring open-ended storylines to a close, "going out on a high" and similarly maintaining interest in the series' eventual return.


The final episode of a television series often concludes the entire premise of the show.

There are examples of episodes, ostensibly having been the "season finale", unexpectedly becoming the "de facto" series finale due to the cancellation of the series. Recent examples of this include "John Doe", "Invasion", "Two Guys and a Girl", "Instant Star", "Las Vegas" and "Everybody Hates Chris".

In American English, the term has developed to describe the final event of a sporting season, e.g. in soccer or Motocross, perhaps partly because of the popularity of these with television viewers.

Season premiere

In television, a season premiere refers to the first episode of a new television season for a series that has been renewed.

In North America, a given show's season premiere often airs in September or October, after several months of reruns.

A season premiere usually has one or more of the following characteristics:


Madison Rayne

Ashley Nichole Simmons (born February 5, 1986 in West Lafayette, Ohio) is an American female professional wrestler currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. Madison Rayne is a former TNA Knockout Tag Team Champion with Lacey Von Erich and Velvet Sky and is a former two-time TNA Women's Knockout Champion. Rayne is currently part of the stable, The Beautiful People.


Tony Orlando

Michael Anthony Orlando Cassavitis (born April 3, 1944), known professionally as Tony Orlando, is an American singer. He is best known for being in the singing group, Tony Orlando and Dawn, also the name of a television show that was popular for variety entertainment. They were known for singing the songs, "Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Ole Oak Tree", "Knock Three Times", and "He Don't Love You (Like I Love You)".

Orlando is from Greek, Latino, and Puerto Rican descent.


Rocky Mountain Douglas-fir

Rocky Mountain Douglas-fir ("Pseudotsuga menziesii" var. glauca) is a large evergreen tree in the genus "Pseudotsuga" in the plant family Pinaceae. The tree is native to British Columbia, Idaho and Colorado.

A1 road (Great Britain)

A1 is the official title of the Great Northern Road in England. It runs up the eastern side of England from London to Edinburgh in Scotland. It is six hundred and sixty kilometres long, making it the longest numbered road in the U.K.. The A1 has six major junctions with motorways, and over twenty major junctions with other A roads.

The A1 follows, for much of the way, the course of a Roman road, Ermine Street, and the old coach route to Edinburgh. It is not a motorway, but a lot of it is now built to motorway standards. It is one of two main roads going from London to Northern England, the other being the M1 motorway.

Passing through Nottinghamshire, the road skirts the remains of Sherwood Forest. Scotch Corner, in North Yorkshire, marks the point where the traffic for Glasgow and the west of Scotland divides from that for Edinburgh, as it has for hundreds of years before car traffic. From North Yorkshire to Durham the road follows, for part of the way, another Roman road called Dere Street. This road ran from Eboracum (York) to the Antonine Wall in the lowlands of present-day Scotland.

Some parts of the A1 are motorways, and these parts are numbered A1(M).

Roman roads in Britain

The Roman roads in Britain were, with Roman aqueducts, and the Roman army, one of the most impressive features of the Roman Empire in Britain.

In Britannia, as in other provinces, the Romans constructed a network of paved trunk roads to (surfaced highways). In their nearly four centuries of occupation (43 – 410 AD) they built about 2,000 miles of Roman roads in Britain. They are shown on the Ordnance Survey's "Map of Roman Britain". This is the most accurate and up-to-date layout of certain and probable routes that is available to the general public.

The pre-Roman Britons used unpaved trackways, including ancient ones running along the ridges of hills, such as the South Downs Way, now a public long-distance footpath. In contrast, most of the Roman network was surveyed and built from scratch, with the aim of connecting key points by the most direct possible route. The roads were all paved, to permit heavy freight-wagons to be used in all seasons and weather.
Most of the known network was complete by 180 AD. Its main purpose was to allow the rapid movement of troops and military supplies. It was also vital for trade and the transport of goods.

Roman roads remained in use as trunk roads for centuries after the Romans withdrew from Britain in 410 AD. Systematic construction of paved highways did not resume in England until the 18th century.

The Romans became expert at constructing roads, which they called "viae". It was permitted to walk or drive cattle, vehicles, or traffic of any description along the road. The "viae" differed from the many other smaller or rougher roads, bridle-paths, drifts, and tracks. By law, the minimum width of a "via" was fixed at 2.4 m where it was straight, and 4.9 m where it turned.
The best sources of information as regards the construction of a regulation "via munita" are:

After the civil engineer looked over the site of the proposed road and determined roughly where it should go, the "agrimensores" went to work surveying the road bed. They used two main devices, the rod and a device called a "groma", which helped them obtain right angles. The rod men put down a line of rods called the "rigor". A surveyor looked along the rods and told the "gromatici" to move them as required. Using the "gromae" they then laid out a grid on the plan of the road.

The "libratores" then began their work using ploughs and, sometimes with the help of legionaries, with spades dug down to bed rock or at least to the firmest ground they could find. The excavation was called the "fossa", "ditch". The depth varied according to terrain.

In top-quality roads, there were five layers, plus footpaths and kerbstones:

The method varied according to place, materials available and terrain, but the plan was always the same. The roadbed was layered. The road was constructed by filling the ditch. This was done by layering rock over other stones.

Into the "fossa" was dumped large amounts of rubble, gravel and stone, whatever fill was available. Sometimes a layer of sand was put down, if it could be found. When it came to within 1 yd (1 m) or so of the surface it was covered with gravel and tamped down, a process called "pavire", or "pavimentare". The flat surface was then the "pavimentum". It could be used as the road, or additional layers could be constructed. A "statumen" or "foundation" of flat stones set in cement might support the additional layers.

The final steps used concrete, which the Romans had rediscovered (it had been used in Ancient Egypt). They seem to have mixed the mortar and the stones in the fossa. First a small layer of coarse concrete, the "rudus", then a little layer of fine concrete, the nucleus, went onto the pavement or "statumen". Into or onto the nucleus went a course of polygonal or square paving stones, called the "summa crusta". The "crusta" was crowned for drainage.

An example is found in an early basalt road by the Temple of Saturn on the Clivus Capitolinus. It had travertine paving, polygonal basalt blocks, concrete bedding (substituted for the gravel), and a rain-water gutter.


Cam'ron

Cameron Giles (born February 4, 1976 in Harlem, New York) is an American rapper better known by his stage names Cam'ron or Killa Cam. 

Cam'ron was known for popularising the color pink. He demonstrated in his music video for "Killa Cam", where he was wearing all pink clothing and drove a pink Range Rover.

Cam'ron started the "Stop Snitchin'" campaign after he was shot outside a nightclub in his Lamborghini. The gunman was trying to carjack him. Cam'ron said in a "60 Minutes" interview that he did not know the gunman. He did not want to help the police because he did not want to be a snitch and it would hurt his record sales. He also mentioned his Stop Snitchin' campaign in another "60 Minutes" interview when Anderson Cooper asked him, "If there was a serial killer living next to you, you wouldn't tell the police?" He replied, "I would probably move." 

Cam'ron has released 7 studio albums:



Kaihin-Makuhari Station

Kaihin-Makuhari Station (海浜幕張駅,かいひんまくはりえき) is a railway station of East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in Mihama-ku, Chiba City, Chiba Prefecture, Japan. This is the nearest station to Makuhari Messe, Chiba Marine Stadium, and the AEON headquarters.



Nihombashi Station

Nihombashi Station (日本橋駅,にほんばしえき) is a railway station of Tokyo Metro and Toei Subway in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan.


Drew Brees

Drew Brees (; born January 15, 1979) is a former American football quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. A native of Austin, Texas, he played college football for Purdue and was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in 2001, where he was their starting quarterback until 2006. In 2009, he led the Saints to a Super Bowl championship and was named MVP of the game.


Mariano Rivera

Mariano Rivera (born November 29, 1969 in Panama City, Panama) is a baseball player. He has played with the New York Yankees for many seasons. He is a “closer”, a type of pitcher who pitches in the ninth inning. Rivera is thought to be one of the best relief pitchers ever, and will probably be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Rivera throws a very fast “cutter” pitches that are good at striking out batters. Rivera has more saves in the World Series than any other pitcher. He also has more saves all-time then anybody, a record he set in 2011. Mariano Rivera wears #42, and is the only player in Major League baseball to do so. Rivera was born in Panama and played his first baseball there. 


Taco truck

A taco truck is a truck that sells tacos and other types of Mexican food. Some taco trucks also deal in fusion cuisine. It is one of the most common types of food trucks. In most taco trucks, the food is made in the truck. Taco trucks and other food trucks are common around colleges, as college students often eat at them. Though there are taco trucks all over the world, they are most often seen in Los Angeles and other Mexican-American cities. In many cities, such as Los Angeles, regular restaurants have tried to shut down taco trucks. This is because taco trucks sell food at a lower price than many restaurants. Taco trucks have been criticized in the past for being dirty and unhealthy, but this is not the case anymore. Chicago is the only city in the United States which does not allow cooking on food trucks but Taquero Fusion, Chicago's Original Taco Truck, managed to figure out a way to provide gourmet tacos to their customers. 

Food truck

Silky shark

The Silky shark ("Carcharhinus falciformis") is a type of shark of the genus "Carcharhinus", family Carcharhinidae. They are mainly found in warm bodies of water in the Atlantic, Pacific, and Indian Oceans. The Silky shark is large, slim, and grows up to a maximum length of 3.3 metres (10 feet). The Silky shark gets its name from the fact that it has a smooth, "silky" texture.
The Silky shark feeds on bony fish such as tuna, mackerel, sardines, and mullets, and molluscs such as squid and paper nautilus. They have also been known to feed on the bodies of dead whales.
The Silky shark is classified as "Near Threatened" by the IUCN.

A large, slim shark, the Silky shark has a fairly stretched, rounded snout, a relatively slanting first dorsal fin with a blunt top that is located behind the edges of the pectoral fins, a small second dorsal fin with an extremely long free rear tip (more than two times the height), and a low inter-dorsal ridge (ridge between the dorsal fins). The pectoral fins are long and slim, and have dusky coloured tips.
Silky sharks are normally dark grey with a shade of bronze, but are sometimes a golden-brown colour. Their undersides are white. Except for the first dorsal fin, the tips of all the fins are a dusky colour; this is more visible among the young.
The upper teeth are widely triangular and slanted, becoming more diagonal toward the angle of the jaws which are strongly cut and heavily jagged on the sides. The lower teeth are raised with smooth edges. There is usually 1 to 2 symphysial teeth on both, the lower and upper jaw.
The dermal denticles are small, tightly packed and over-lapping, giving the hide a smooth or "silky" texture, giving the shark it's name.
The maximum length for this species is 3.3 metres (10 feet). Males mature at the lengths of 2.2-2.3 metres (9–10 years of age) and grow to a lesser size than females, which reach maturity at the lengths 2.3-2.5 metres (12 years of age), however, these numbers are different among the different populations of this species. Silky sharks weigh around 350 kilograms (770 pounds).

The first specimen described was given the name "Carcharias (Prionodon) falciformis" by Johannes Müller and Jakob Henle in 1841. The genus name "Carcharhinus" comes from the Greek words ""karcharos"" which means "sharpen", and ""rhinos"" which means "nose". Other names given to the Silky shark are "Squalus" or "Prionodon tiburo", "Gymnorhinus" or "Gymnorrhinus pharaonis", "Aprionodon sitankaiensis", "Carcharhinus floridanus", "Eulamia malpeloensis", and "Carcharhinus atrodorsus".

The Silky shark is common in tropical and subtropical waters, and is found in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Oceans. In the western Atlantic, it ranges from the U.S state Massachusetts to Brazil (including the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea), and in the east it ranges from Spain to Angola. It is found in the western Indian Ocean and the Red Sea from Tanzania to Mozambique, including Madagascar and the Comores, and in the middle and eastern Indian Ocean in ranges from the Maldives and Sri Lanka to western Australia. It is found from China to New Zealand in the western Pacific (including the Hawaiian Islands), and Baja California to Peru in the eastern Pacific.

Although the Silky shark is mainly found in the pelagic zone, the Silky shark is not just found in the open ocean, but has also been recorded from depths as shallow as 18 meters (56 ft). It is an active, swift shark that prefers warmer waters (about 23 °C). It is commonly found near the edges of continental shelves and over deep water reefs where there is a large amount of food source. It mainly ranges from the surface down to at least 500 meters (1,550 ft) but has been caught over water as deep as 4000 meters (12,400 ft). Studies show that groups of Silky sharks contain Silky sharks of different genders, but of the same size. Young Silky sharks can be found in coastal nurseries and adults are found further offshore, over deeper waters.

The Silky shark feeds mainly on bony fish such as tuna, mackerel, sardines, mullets, groupers, snappers, sea chubs, sea catfish, eels, lanternfish, filefish, triggerfish, and porcupinefish. It's diet also includes squid, paper nautilus, and swimming crabs, and there is fossil evidence of it scavenging on dead whales. Since of their good sense of hearing, and hunting tactics, these sharks are excellent hunters. They usually work together to "herd" groups of small fish to the surface, trapping the fish. When the fish are all tightly packed together, the Silky sharks attack the fish with great speed, and often consume the whole group of fish.

The Silky shark is viviparous, meaning that it gives live birth. In the western north Atlantic, females mate in the late spring (May-June), and give birth in the same time period, but in the next year, meaning that the gestation period lasts 12 months. The number of pups per litter is 6-14 in the western Atlantic, 9-12 in the eastern Atlantic, 9-14 in the western Indian Ocean, and 2-11 in the central Indian. The young spend their first few months in coral reefs, but move to the open ocean by the first winter. In the western north Atlantic, nursery areas are located along the Caribbean islands.

In English, the Silky shark is also called the "Net-eater shark" in the eastern Pacific because of the fact that it is often caught in nets used for fishing tuna. The Silky shark is also called the "Blackspot shark", "Grey whaler shark", "Olive shark", "Reef shark", "Ridgeback shark", "Sickle shark", "Sickle silk shark", and "Sickle-shaped shark". In other languages, the Silky shark is called the "cação" (Portuguese), "cazon" (Spanish), "cazon de playa" (Spanish), "cazón-tiburón" (Spanish), "haukkahai" (Finnish), "jaqueta" (Spanish), "jaqueton" (Spanish), "kanhaai" (Dutch), "karcharinos lios" (Greek), "kurotogarizame" (Japanese), "lombo preto" (Portuguese), "malie" (Samoan), "mandi sravu" (Malay), "mangeur d'hommes" (French), "marracho sedoso" (Portuguese), "marracho-luzidio" (Portuguese), "mbamba menyo" (Swahili), "moosi" (Gujarati), "mungsing" (Javanese), "mushi" (Marathi), "papa" (Swahili), "papa bunshu" (Swahili), "pating" (Tagalog), "requin soyeux" (French), "seidenhai" (German), "suga sura" (Telugu), "syhaai" (Afrikaans), "tiburón" (Spanish), "tiburon jaqueton" (Spanish), "tiburón lustroso" (Spanish), "tiburón sedoso" (Spanish), "tinterero" (Spanish), "tollo" (Spanish), "tollo mantequero" (Spanish), "tribon berde" (Papiamento), "tubarão-luzidio" (Portuguese), "yu jereh" (Malay), "yu pasir" (Malay), and "zijdehaai" (Dutch).

Silky sharks are considered dangerous to humans because of their aggressive nature and size. Silky sharks have been observed with their head raised, back arched and tail lowered, a posture believed to be a form of threat display.
Silky sharks are important to longline and gillnet fisheries in many parts of the world. In the Gulf of Mexico they are often caught with tuna catches, but are also caught by shark fishery. In the Caribbean they are sometimes fished, usually by longline, but they are not a common catch. In the Maldives and Sri Lanka, they are the most important shark species, making up 70-80% of the catches made in the pelagic zone. In Japanese waters, Silky sharks are a common target species of the shark fishery and are also caught with swordfish and tuna fisheries. In the mid-Atlantic waters of the U.S.A, the Silky shark is fished on a limited basis, but not in significant numbers. The meat, oil, and fins of the Silky shark are sold commercially. The Silky shark is also fished by recreational fishermen. Like other sharks, the Silky shark is in danger due to overfishing, because of its long gestation period, low number of offspring, and slow growth rate.
Other than its importance to various fisheries, Silky sharks have been used in various scientific studies to investigate the sensory biology of sharks.

Hairpin turn

A hairpin turn (also hairpin bend, hairpin corner, or just hairpin), is a very tight corner. It makes a vehicle turn almost 180° to continue on the road. It gets its name from the way it looks like a hairpin or bobby pin. Hairpin turns may be called switchbacks in American English.

Hairpin turns may be built when a road or path climbs up or down a steep slope. This allows the path to travel the slope with a smaller slope. Hairpin turns may be used in race tracks to slow down the race cars after a long, fast straight.

Sepang International Circuit

The Sepang International Circuit (SIC) is a racing circuit in Sepang, Selangor, Malaysia. It is near the Kuala Lumpur International Airport, about 60 km south of the capital city Kuala Lumpur. It is the venue used for the Formula One Malaysian Grand Prix, A1 Grand Prix as well as the Malaysian MotoGP. The circuit was designed by German designer Hermann Tilke.

The main circuit is 5.54 km long. It is raced in a clockwise direction. It is noted for its sweeping corners and wide straights. The layout is unusual, with a very long back straight separated from the pit straight by just one very tight hairpin corner.

The circuit may be set-up with other configurations. The north circuit is the first half of the main circuit. The course turns back towards the pit straight after turn 6 and is 2.71 km long.

The south circuit is the other half of the circuit. The back straight of the main circuit becomes the pit straight. It joins onto turn 8 of the main circuit to form a hairpin turn. This circuit is 2.61 km in length.

Sepang International Circuit also features kart racing and motocross facilities.


Phoronida

The Phoronida, or horseshoe worms, are a small phylum of marine animals. There are twenty species, in two genera. They are part of the Brachiozoa, which also includes the brachiopods.

Phoronids are worm-shaped, but with a gut that loops and exits the body near the mouth. That explains the name 'horseshoe worms'. They are found in all oceans and seas (except the polar seas), and all species have wide geographical ranges. 

They occur at depths up to 400 metres, but mainly between 0 to 70 metres. The life span is thought to be about a year. The adults are tube worms, and secrete chitinous tubes in which they live. These tubes can be buried in the mud or sand or rest on the surface of a rocky substrate. If on rocks, they may live in colonies with their tubes become twisted around each other for support. Some species can dissolve away holes in rocks such as limestone, calcareous seashells or even cement piers; they then live in these holes which they line with their secreted tubes.

They feed using a lophophore, a ciliated structure that surrounds the mouth. Together with the Bryozoa and Brachiopoda, the phoronids belong to the lophophorates, sometimes treated as a single phylum. 

Though they are normally long, up to 50cm (30 in). Phoronids are normally very thin. 

The digestive tract of Phoronids consists of a short oesophagus which leads into a spherical stomach and then into the intestines which end in the anus. Phoronids have a simple blood system of one descending artery and ascending vein linked by a network of fine capillaries. There are also blood vessels into each of the tentacles. The blood is colourless but contains corpuscles with a haemoglobin-like pigment that helps to carry oxygen.

The nervous system is mainly composed by the nervous ganglion between mouth and anus, a ring nerve at the basis of the lophophore, one or two giant nerve fibres which issue from the ganglion and extend along the body wall. There are two tubular excretory organs, which discharge to the exterior via nephridiopores, on the anal papilla.

Phoronids may be hermaphrodites or single sexed, and may also reproduce asexually. Gametes are released through the nephridia. Fertilisation is probably internal. Phoronids follow one of two types of reproductive strategy. Some species, such as "Phoronis ovalis", lay only a few (12–25) large eggs which have a lot of yolk. These eggs are brooded within the adult's tube, they are released only when they have hatched. The second strategy is to lay a much larger number (up to 500) of smaller eggs. These eggs are released as soon as they are fertilised. They hatch a few days later into what is called an 'actinotrocha' larvae. The larvae undergo a planktonic development for 2–3 weeks, and settle after about 20 days. Metamorphosis is 'catastrophic', occurring in less than 30 minutes and leading to a slender young phoronid.

Phoronids can regenerate the lophophore if it becomes damaged, in fact "Phoronis ovalis" voluntarily loses its lophophore in order to lay its eggs. Once the eggs are laid the animal grows a new lophophore.

Phoronids are suspension-feeders. They move their lophophores into the prevailing water current. Food particles in the water current are trapped in a stream of mucous that travels along the tentacles until it reaches the oral ring. There it is drawn into the mouth and then on into the digestive tract. Direct uptake of amino acids through the epidermis also occurs.

The fossil record of phoronids is poor. There are borings dating back to the Devonian which have been attributed to phoronids. "Iotuba chengjiangensis", a form known from only three specimens in the Lower Cambrian, has been interpreted as a phoronid because it appears to have had a U-shaped gut and was tentaculated. Phoronids may be related to the common but mysterious tubular fossils known as hederellids.



Shanghai International Circuit

The Shanghai International Circuit is a Chinese motor racing venue. It is in the district of Jiading near Shanghai in the People's Republic of China. It was the venue of the first Formula One Chinese Grand Prix on 26 September 2004.

The circuit costing about $450 million (USD). It was paid for by a government-funded joint-venture company. This company was made up of the Shanghai Juss Corporation, Shanghai National Property Management Co Ltd, and Shanghai Jia'an Investment and Development Co Ltd. Architectural and design experts began visiting the site by April 2003. The site was transformed from swampland to an international racetrack in 18 months. A team of 3000 worked around the clock to finish the construction.

Other events held at the circuit include a round of the MotoGP world championship, the Australian-based V8 Supercar championship, and also the final round of the A1 Grand Prix in 2006 and 2007.

The 2008 MotoGP race was the last one at Shanghai International Circuit. The FIM didn't select the circuit for 2009 because of overcrowding problems.

Like many new Formula One circuits, Shanghai International Circuit was designed by Hermann Tilke. It features his trademark track feature: a long back straight followed by a hairpin turn. Current-generation F1 cars can easily exceed on the long straight between corners 13 and 14. The track layout was inspired from the Chinese character shang (上). Shang is the first character in the name of the city Shanghai, and means "above" or "ascend". 

<nowiki>*</nowiki>"Intermediate circuit (4.600 km/2.858 mi)"


Endeavour River National Park

The Endeavour River National Park is just north of Cooktown, Queensland, Australia. It protects the north banks of the Endeavour River. Both the river and the park are named after Captain James Cook's ship, HM Bark Endeavour. The ship was repaired in the river in 1770 after being damaged by coral on the Great Barrier Reef. Most of the park can only be reached by boat. There are no facilities in the park, and people are not allowed to camp there. The park covers an area of about 2400 hectares. It is next to the Cairns Marine Park and the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park.

The Endeavour River protects a number of different habitats including, coastal dunes, fresh water wetlands, river estuary, mangrove forests, heathland and tropical woodlands.

Nobuko Yoshiya

Yoshiya was born in Niigata Prefecture, but grew up in the cities of Mooka and Tochigi, in Tochigi Prefecture. Her father was in the public service, so her family often moved. She was the only daughter and youngest child of her family. Both, her mother and her father, came from samurai families. She started writing when she was in her teens, although before this she had developed a love for writing which sapped her time for learning domestic skills from her mother.


Radioisotope heater unit

A radioisotope heater unit is a device that provides heat from the breakdown of radioactive material. Radioactive material is added to a container within the heater. Because the material is unstable, it breaks down, releasing energy as heat. The heater may be packaged with a thermocouple to make electricity.

Circuit de Catalunya

The Circuit de Catalunya is a racetrack in Montmeló, to the north of Barcelona, Catalonia. It is home to the Formula One Spanish Grand Prix and the motorcycle Catalonia Grand Prix. With long straights and a variety of corners, the Circuit de Catalunya is seen as an all-rounder circuit. It is often used for off-season testing. 

The Circuit de Catalunya was built in 1991. It was planned to host its first race in 1992 to go with the Olympic Games. The Olympic Games were scheduled to take place in Barcelona. The circuit is often referred to as 'Barcelona' in the racing community, even though it is located in Montmeló. The Circuit de Catalunya should not be confused with the Montjuïc circuit, which hosted the Spanish Grand Prix four times between 1969 and 1975. Unlike the Circuit de Catalunya, Montjuïc circuit is actually located within the city of Barcelona.

Because of so much testing is done at this circuit, Formula One drivers and mechanics are extremely familiar with it. This has led to criticism that drivers and mechanics are too familiar with Catalunya, reducing the amount of on-track action.
When the circuit opened, overtaking was frequent. Cars could closely follow each other through the last two corners. They would slipstream down the long straight for a pass. As aerodynamic balance became more important, this overtaking method became less effective. The cars were unable to follow each other as close. They would encounter turbulence created by the leading car. This made it hard for a car to get close enough to pass. In the next to the last corner was replaced with a chicane. This was an effort to improve passing. The redesign did not increase the amount of overtaking.

The Circuit de Catalunya also plays host to many other racing series, including Moto GP. The chicane which was put in for Formula 1 does not exist in the track layout for Moto GP, and there are at least five points on the track where riders are known to pass. As in Formula 1, turn one is the most popular place for overtaking.


Juan Manuel Santos

Juan Manuel Santos Calderón (born 10 August 1951) is a Colombian politician. He became the President of Colombia on 7 August 2010. Santos replaces Álvaro Uribe as president.

Santos has distanced himself from Uribe. Santos intends work on the social need of the country. He also wants to improve relations Colombia's neighbors.

Since winning the presidency in a June 20 landslide, Santos has marked distance between himself and Uribe, signaling the arrival of a leader who, unlike his predecessor, intends to focus on a social agenda and the country's frayed relations with its neighbors. During his inauguration speech, he said "I will preside over a government of national unity that will bring social prosperity for all Colombians... If we want to have economic and social development, we need to build unity among us."

Santos was schooled in the United States and is familiar with technology. He was a defense minister in the Uribe government. Santos has become well known around the world for trying to end the long conflict in Colombia. In 2016, after a lot of negotiations, he announced a peace deal with the FARC militia, which has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s. By June 2016, a peace deal had been reached, and some people have said Santos and the other negotiators may win a Nobel Peace Prize if the peace deal holds. Uribe is against the deal, which he thinks is too easy on FARC.

He is 65 years old, and is from one of the most politically influential families of Colombia. He is married to Maria and has three children.

He was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2016 

He left office on 7 August 2018 and was replaced by conservative Iván Duque Márquez.

Ross Island

Ross Island is an island which was formed by four volcanoes in the Ross Sea, which can be found near the continent, Antarctica.

Because of the persistent presence of the ice sheet, the island is sometimes mistaken to be a part of Antarctica. Its area is 2,460 km² (950 sq mi); only a small portion of the island is free of ice and snow. The planet's southernmost active volcano, Erebus (3794 m), as well as the dormant volcano Terror (3230 m), are situated on the island. They were named by Ross after his ships HMS "Erebus" and HMS "Terror". The third highest peak is Mount Bird, and on its slopes are Shell Glacier and Endeavour Piedmont Glacier. Abbott Peak stands between Mount Erebus and Mount Bird.

Despite its relatively small size, Ross Island is the world's 6th highest island.

The island was discovered by Sir James Clark Ross in 1841, and it was later named in his honour by Robert F. Scott. 

Ross Island was the base for many of the early expeditions to Antarctica. It was and still is the southernmost island reachable by sea. Huts built by Scott's and Shackleton's expeditions are still located on the island, preserved as historical sites.

Today Ross Island is home to New Zealand's Scott Base, and the largest Antarctic settlement, the U.S. Antarctic Program's McMurdo Station. Greenpeace established World Park Base on the island and it ran for five years, from 1987 to 1992.

Ross Island lies within the boundaries of Ross Dependency, which is claimed by New Zealand.

Ross Island supports a colony of about a half million (500 000) Adélie Penguins.


Excretion

Excretion is one of the most basic functions of life. It is the process of eliminating waste products of metabolism and other non-useful materials. It is an essential process in all forms of life. It contrasts with secretion, where the substance may have specific tasks after leaving the cell.

In single-celled organisms, waste products are discharged directly through the surface of the cell. Multicellular organisms use more complex methods. Higher plants eliminate gases through the stomata on the surface of leaves. Animals have special excretory organs.

In mammals, excretion is the formation of urine in the kidneys, and expelling carbon dioxide from the lungs. These waste products are eliminated by urination and breathing out respectively. If excretion does not occur in an organism, waste products accumulate, which eventually kill the organism.

Also, food waste is expelled through the anus. Other substances are secreted into the bile, and then eliminated in the faeces. The skin and lungs also have excretory functions: the skin eliminates metabolic wastes like urea and lactic acid through sweating, and the lungs expel carbon dioxide.


Aquatic animals usually excrete ammonia directly into the water, as this compound is soluble and there is ample water available for dilution. In terrestrial animals ammonia-like compounds are converted into other nitrogenous materials as there is less water in the environment, and ammonia itself is toxic.

Reptiles and birds excrete their nitrogenous wastes as uric acid in the form of a white paste. This allows efficient water retention and it can be stored more easily in the egg. Both uric acid and faeces are expelled through a common opening called the cloaca. Their waste is usually two-coloured: part white (uric acid) and part green or black (organic waste).

Many bird species, especially seabirds, can also excrete salt via specialized nasal salt glands, the saline solution leaving through nostrils in the beak.

Vibration isolation

Vibration isolation is a system of devices to decouple a mechanical or structural object from its vibrating supports.

For example, the handles of the saw presented in the right photo are separated from the engine and cutting bar to reduce shaking for the operator. Here, the spring mount is a part of this vibration isolation system.

When the targeted object is rather heavy (e.g. building, bridge or the like), vibration isolation may be called base isolation. Vibration isolation is a branch of protective techniques known as vibration control.

From the very beginning, the theory of vibration isolation, in general, and of base isolation, in particular, rested on two pillars: "heavy damping" and "frequency separation". Unfortunately, nobody paid any attention that the heavy damping was a sort of a strong connection between a "substructure" and "superstructure", and that the idea of decoupling them with the help of such connections was of no good.


Murder of Megan Kanka

Megan Nicole Kanka (December 7, 1986 – July 29, 1994) was an American child who was raped and murdered by her neighbor Jesse Timmendequas. It happened in Hamilton Township, Mercer County, New Jersey by a convicted sex offender, when she was seven years old.

Timmendequas tricked Kanka to come into his house by saying he had a puppy inside. Once Kanka noticed there was no puppy Timmendequas raped her, slammed her head into a dresser, wrapped her head in a plastic bag, and strangled her with a belt. He put her body in his car and assaulted her once more before placing her in a toy chest and dumping it in a park in nearby West Windsor, New Jersey. When he went to court the jury sentenced him to death after convicting him of kidnapping, rape, sodomy and murder.

The aftermath of this led the New Jersey Legislature to pass a law called "Megan's Law" which requires convicted sex offenders to tell the local police department when they move into a neighborhood.

Ueno Station

Ueno Station () is a railway station of JR East and Tokyo Metro in Taitō, Tokyo, Japan. Ueno Station should not be confused with the nearby Keisei-Ueno Station.


Yuniesky Betancourt

Yuniesky Betancourt (born January 31, 1982 in Santa Clara, Cuba) is a Cuban baseball player. He currently plays as a shortstop for the Milwaukee Brewers of Major League Baseball (MLB).

Betancourt formerly played for the Seattle Mariners from 2005 to 2009 and the Kansas City Royals from 2009 to 2010 before being traded along with Zack Greinke to the Brewers for Alcides Escobar, Lorenzo Cain, Jeremy Jeffress, Jake Odorizzi, and $2,000,000 to reportedly offset the buyout of Betancourt's club option in 2012.


Saitama-Shintoshin Station

Saitama-Shintoshin Station (さいたま新都心駅,さいたましんとしんえき) is a railway station of JR East in Saitama, Saitama Prefecture, Japan.



Tarawih

Tarawih (تراويح) also spelled Taraweeh, are Sunnah prayers (optional but recommended) which Muslims read at night in the month of Ramadan. The details of how the Tarawih are to be said is different between the different branches of Islam. Tarawih prayers are made up of a number of prayer phrases and actions, rakahs. Hanafis and Shafi'i say there are 20 rakahs, some Hanabalis say it is only eight, while others say 20. Malikis say there are 36, and the Ahl al-Hadeeth say it is 8.

Ferrari Grand Prix results

The table below details the World Championship Grand Prix results for Scuderia Ferrari's factory team-entered and privately-entered Formula One cars since 1950 in a separate list. The distinction between factory team entries and privateers is important in the early years of the Formula One championships. A third separate list details other teams for which Ferrari was an engine supplier.

Jump to: 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010

Jump to: 1991 2000 2010

Let's Go All the Way (song)

"Let's Go All the Way" is a 1986 dance-pop/new wave song by the American pop band Sly Fox. It is the first single from their only album "Let's Go All the Way", which was released in 1985. The song was produced by Ted Currier and written by Gary "Mudbone" Cooper.

The song was used in the movie Ferris Bueller's Day Off and Loverboy and was also covered in 1999 by The Wondergirls and again in 2000 by the horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse.

Riddle Box

Riddle Box is the third studio album by American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on October 10, 1995. The producers of the album were Insane Clown Posse and Mike E. Clark. The album was the third of the "Joker Cards" in the Dark Carnival mythology.

Privateer (motorsport)

In auto racing, a privateer is usually an person or race team that enters a race on their own. They are not directly supported by an automobile manufacturer. Privateer teams often build and maintain their own vehicles. 

In the early years of Formula One, privately-owned teams would race using a race car built by another team or constructor. Many privateer entrants compete for the enjoyment of the sport, and are not paid to be racing drivers.

The modern F1 Concorde Agreement now requires teams to build their own cars. In modern F1 terms, privateer is more often used to refer to a team who are not at least part-owned by large corporations, such as WilliamsF1.


Factory-backed

Factory-backed is a term commonly used in motor sports to describe a racing team with support from a manufacturer. This support includes financial aid. Motor sports is an expensive pastime, and some amount of factory support is often necessary for success. Full factory backing is often seen in the top levels of competition.

Meriwether Lewis

Meriwether Lewis (August 18, 1774 – October 11, 1809) was an American explorer, soldier, and public administrator. He was best known for his role as the leader of the Lewis and Clark Expedition with William Clark. Their mission was to explore the territory of the Louisiana Purchase, establish trade and sovereignty over the natives near the Missouri River, and claim the Pacific Northwest and Oregon Country for the United States before European nations. They also collected scientific data, and information on indigenous nations. President Thomas Jefferson appointed him Governor of Upper Louisiana in 1806. He died of gunshot wounds in what was an act of suicide.


William Clark

William Clark (August 1, 1770 – September 1, 1838) was an American explorer, soldier, Indian agent, and territorial governor. A native of Virginia, he grew up in prestatehood Kentucky before later settling in what became the state of Missouri. Clark was a planter and slaveholder.

Along with Meriwether Lewis, Clark led the Lewis and Clark Expedition of 1803 to 1806 across the Louisiana Purchase to the Pacific Ocean, and claimed the Pacific Northwest for the United States. Before the expedition, he served in a militia and the United States Army. Afterward, he served in a militia and as governor of the Missouri Territory. From 1822 until his death in 1838 (aged 68) he served as Superintendent of Indian Affairs. 


Concorde Agreement

The Concorde Agreement is a contract between the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), the Formula One teams and the Formula One Administration. The Concorde Agreement defines the agreement about how the teams race, and how the money is divided up. The money includes the television revenue and prize money.

There have been six Concorde Agreements since 1981. The terms of all of the agreements have been kept a secret. The secrecy was broken by racing journalist Forrest Bond when the 1997 Concorde Agreement was published in 2006 by RaceFax.

The basic requirements of the agreements are to be professional and to increase the success of Formula One. The biggest requirement of the teams to participate in every race. This makes Formula One better for the broadcasters. Broadcasters spend a large amount of money to televise the races. In return for racing, the teams were guaranteed a percentage of the sport's revenue.

The Commission Sportive Internationale, was an organization that reported to the FIA. They were the rule-making group for Formula One. In 1979 they were replaced by the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile, or FISA.

The race teams were represented by the Formula One Constructors Association, or FOCA. At the time, FOCA's chief executive was Bernie Ecclestone and his legal advisor was Max Mosley.

FISA and FOCA had a number of disagreements. Some teams believed that FISA was favoring the major manufacturers. The teams were also unhappy about how the money in Formula One was being distributed.

The FISA and FOCA disagreements became known as the FISA-FOCA war. This resulted in several races being canceled. Goodyear threatened to quit suppling tyres to Formula One. This would have been a disaster to the sport.

Bernie Ecclestone of FOCA organized a meeting of team managers and FISA representatives. The meeting was held at the offices of the FIA in the Place de la Concorde, Paris, France. At the meeting, they negotiated for thirteen straight hours. On 19 January 1981, the first Concorde Agreement was signed. The agreement was named after the plaza in Paris where the discussions took place.

The contract terms remain mostly confidential. It is known that teams were required to appear and compete in every race. This would ensure that the newly acquired television public that they would have a race to watch. The agreement also granted FOCA the right to televise Formula One races. This may have been the most important part of the agreement. This right was "leased" to Formula One Promotions and Administration, a company created and owned by Bernie Ecclestone. Another important part of the agreement was that the rules would be kept stable.

The first Concorde Agreement expired on 31 December 1987.

The second Concorde Agreement covered the through seasons.

The third Concorde Agreement covered the through seasons.

In 1995 the FIA decided to transfer Formula One's commercial rights from FOCA to Formula One Administration for a 14-year period. In exchange, Ecclestone would make an annual payment. McLaren, Williams, and Tyrrell did not like this arrangement. They rejecting the proposed Concorde Agreement. Ken Tyrrell was upset that Ecclestone, as President of FOCA, had transfer the rights to his own company. Mr. Tyrrell also did not like that the Agreement was secret. He believed that only helped Ecclestone. He felt it weakened the bargaining power of the teams.

On 5 September 1996 the new Concorde Agreement was signed by all the teams except McLaren, Williams, and Tyrrell. The agreement was to run from 1 January 1997 to 2002.

Taking a stand against Bernie Ecclestone, the FIA, and the commercial aspects of Formula One put McLaren, Williams, and Tyrrell in a bind. The three teams lost influence in the sport and income they would have received if they had signed.

A compromise (agreement between all parties) was reached. On 27 August 1998, the 1998 Concorde Agreement was signed. This agreement expired on 31 December 2007.

A meeting on the new Concorde Agreement was held on 7 December 2004. All of the teams but Ferrari attended the meeting. Ecclestone offered a payment of £260,000,000 over three years if all the teams would renew of the Concorde Agreement.

On 19 January 2005, Ferrari announced that it had signed an extension to the 1997 Concorde Agreement. The extension would expire on 31 December 2012. Later that year, Red Bull and Jordan/Midland also signed an extension. (Jordan had been sold to Midland, but was still racing under the name Jordan.) On 7 December, 2005, Williams became the fourth team to sign an extension to the agreement.

On 27 March 2006, the five GPMA-backed teams (Jaguar, Honda, Ferrari, Toyota, and Renault) submitted their applications for the 2008 season. On 14 May 2006, the five GPMA-backed teams signed a Memorandum of Understanding (a letter agreeing to the terms) with the commercial rights holders (CVC/Ecclestone). This formed the basis of the next Concorde Agreement. A full Concorde Agreement was not in place for the season, with the Memorandum and other individual teams acting as a temporary solution.

On 29 July 2008, the ten currently competing teams created the Formula One Teams Association (FOTA) to negotiate the terms of contract. After a dispute between FOTA and the FIA in the first half of 2009, a new Concorde Agreement was signed by Mosley and all of the teams except BMW Sauber. BMW Sauber had announced it was going to withdraw from Formula One at the end of the season. The new agreement provides for a continuation of the terms of the 1998 agreement. It runs until 31 December 2012.

A program of resource limits was also agreed on. Revised sporting and technical regulations for the season were set.


Avatar: The Last Airbender Trading Card Game

The Avatar: The Last Airbender Trading Card Game is a collectible card game based on the Nickelodeon animated television series "". Upper Deck Entertainment launched this title in the first quarter of 2006.



Tokyopop

Tokyopop, formerly known as Mixx, is an American distributor, licensor and publisher. They work with anime, manga, manhwa and Original English-language manga in English, German, and Japanese. Tokyopop has its headquarters in Los Angeles, California. It has branches in the United Kingdom and Germany. Tokyopop products are available internationally.


Film comic

A , or , also referred to as ani-manga, are Japanese manga volumes which use images from an anime series, movie, or video release instead of the standard drawn panels. They generally contain the full dialog from the anime from which they are adapted. While generally published in book form, they are also sometimes released electronically as e-books, occasionally called e-manga.

This format has been adopted by companies such as Disney and companies from other countries' television and movie, and may even be based on live-action productions.

Companies such as Tokyopop and Viz release movies comics but refer to them as Cine-manga and Ani-manga, respectively. These western companies also release movies comics for young readers. movies comics have been well received in English speaking countries, with some titles selling more than 500,000 copies.

List of Futurama episodes

Futurama is a Fox animated television series, which originally aired on the network from March 28, 1999 to August 10, 2003. All four original production seasons are available on DVD. The DVD sets were entitled "Volume #" in Region 1 (USA), and "Season #" in the Regions 2 (Europe) and 4 (Australia). The Complete Collection DVD set was released on October 25, 2004 in Region 2, and on March 22, 2005 in Region 1. After cancellation on Fox four direct-to-DVD movies were released and later aired as 16 individual episodes on Comedy Central. 

"Futurama" was originally created as four seasons; Fox broadcast it out of the intended order as five seasons. This list is in production order for the first four seasons on Fox, primarily because this is the order used on the DVDs, as intended by the artists, and it helps avoid plot inconsistencies. A list of Futurama episodes by broadcast order is available in a separate article. The production code is the code used by Fox to indicate the production order of the episodes, and is in the format #ACV##. The first number represents the production season. ACV is Fox's series code for "Futurama". The second number is the episode's number. The TV broadcast code indicates the broadcast order. It is in the format S##E##, where S## indicates the broadcasting season of which there were 5, and E## indicates the episode's number. Seasons currently airing or in production are ordered by broadcast date as the DVD order is unknown, when the DVDs are released the order will be adjusted to represent the final order in case episodes have been aired out of the intended order as they did on Fox.

"Futurama" 's episode ratings in the United States are TV-PG for suggestive dialogue (D), offensive language (L), sexual content (S), and/or graphic violence (V) in its earlier episodes on Fox and on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim airings. The later episodes on Fox are rated TV-14 for suggestive dialogue (D), offensive language (L), sexual content (S), and/or graphic violence (V). The Comedy Central reruns are also rated TV-14, but do not include any of the sub-ratings. In the UK, "Futurama" episodes have been rated PG (parental guidance suggested when viewing) or 12 (not recommended viewing for anyone under 12 years of age), depending on the episode's content. The only episode not rated PG or 12 is "Leela's Homeworld," which is rated U (recommended for all ages).

Season five aired on Comedy Central from March 23, 2008 to August 30, 2009. It consisted of the four straight-to-DVD films divided into sixteen individual episodes. Each four-episode set aired after the release of the accompanying film. In addition to airing the new season, Comedy Central has taken over syndication of the previous episodes. A sixth season, consisting of 26 episodes, began airing on Comedy Central on June 24, 2010.

Roerich Pact

The Roerich Pact is a treaty on Protection of Artistic and Scientific Institutions and Historic Monuments, signed by the representatives of 21 states in the Oval Office of the White House on 15 April 1935. As of January 1, 1990, the Roerich Pact had been ratified by ten nations: Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, the United States, and Venezuela. It went into effect on 26 August 1935. The government of India approved the treaty in 1948 but did not take any further formal action. The Roerich Pact is also known as "Pax Cultura" ("Cultural Peace" or "Peace through Culture"). The most important part of the Roerich Pact is the legal recognition that the protection of culture is always more important than any military necessity.

The Russian painter and philosopher Nicholas Roerich (1874-1947) started the modern movement for the defense of cultural objects, in order for a “Peace of Civilizations”.

Roerich was born on October 9, 1874, in St. Petersburg, Russia. He became a successful painter, and one of his paintings was purchased by Tsar Nicholas II.

After 1918, Roerich left Russia. In 1923, the Roerich Museum was founded in New York and is now in Manhattan at the corner of 107th Street and Riverside Drive. Finally, Roerich settled down in the Kulu Valley in Himachal Pradesh in the Himalayas. He died on December 13, 1947.

In 1929, Roerich, working with Paris University professor Giorge Chklaver, wrote a draft of an international treaty dedicated to protection of cultural values (Roerich Pact).

US President Franklin D. Roosevelt had a decisive influence on the process of signing of the treaty by all nations of the American continent. Incidentally, Roosevelt kept in his private rooms a bust of Roerich.

The Roerich Pact was the basis for the United Nations “International Convention for Protection of Cultural Values in the Event of Armed Conflict” signed in 1954. However, not all of the ideas of the Roerich Pact are fully implemented in international law, especially the preference of the preservation of cultural values over military necessity.
The Roerich Pact proposed a flag to identify protected objects, the Banner of Peace, which was a white cloth containing a red ring and three red circles inscribed in it. The sign symbolized a unity of the past, present, and future into the ring of eternity. Ideas from the Pact were reflected in Roerich's art. The Banner of Peace symbol is shown in many of his paintings.

The Roerich Pact is an international treaty, but it also contains legal ideas about a new type of state. The state budget should include money spent on culture, art and education that must be larger than military expenses. That is the legal recognition that the protection of cultural objects is more important than any military necessity. Roerich thought that caring for future generations was an important reason for constitutional states to exist.

US President Franklin D. Roosevelt, in the speech upon the signature of the Roerich Pact, said, "In opening this Pact to the adherence of the Nations of the world, we are endeavoring to make of universal application one of the principles vital to the preservation of modern civilization. This Treaty possesses a spiritual significance far deeper than the text of the instrument itself."

The Roerich Pact was an important step towards the future development of a new legal culture. The provisions of Roerich’s concept are based on the idea that the primary duty of the state is to preserve the national culture. The ideas of the Roerich Pact are still not fully implemented in international law. Some people think that the 21st century is the time to implement his ideas.


M. Night Shyamalan

Manoj Nelliyattu Shyamalan (; മനോജ്‌ നെല്ലിയാട്ടു ശ്യാമളന്‍, Mitur Ben Es-Derti ,Latin English: "Maṉōj Nelliyāṯṯu Ṣiyāmaḷaṉ", born 6 August 1970), known professionally as M. Night Shyamalan, is an American filmmaker and screenwriter who resides and works primarily in the United States. He is known for making movies with contemporary supernatural plots that climax with a twist ending. Some of his notable movies are "The Sixth Sense" (1999), "Unbreakable" (2000), "Signs" (2002), "The Village" (2004), "Lady in the Water" (2006), "The Happening" (2008) and "The Last Airbender" (2010). He is also known for filming his movies (and staging his plots) in and around Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he was raised.

Shyamalan was born in a Hindu household in Mahé, Puducherry, India. His father, Nelliate C. Shyamalan is a Malayali traditional physician (Vaidyar) from Mahé. His mother, Jayalakshmi is Tamil and is an obstetrician and gynecologist by profession.



Neijia

, literally "internal family", is a term in Chinese martial arts, grouping those styles that practice 
, literally "internal strength", usually translated as internal martial arts, occupied with spiritual, mental or qi-related aspects, as opposed to an "external" ) approach focused on physiological aspects. The distinction dates to the 17th century, but its modern application is due to publications by Sun Lutang, dating to the period of 1915 to 1928.
Nèi jìng is developed by using "nèigōng", or "internal exercises," as opposed to "wài gōng", "external exercises." 

Nèijiā is a broad term used mistakenly in the West as a synonym for the more specific Wǔdāngquán styles, named for their association with the Taoist monasteries of Wudangshan range, Hubei Province in Chinese popular legend. These styles are enumerated by Sun Lutang as Tàijíquán, Xíngyìquán and Bāguàzhǎng, but must also include Bājíquán and the legendary Wudang Sword. Some other Chinese arts, not in the Wudangquan group, such as Liuhebafa, Bak Mei Pai, Bok Foo Pai and Yiquan are frequently classified (or classify themselves) as "internal".



Brahmajala Sutta (Theravada)

The Brahmajala Sutta is the first of 34 suttas in the Digha Nikaya (the Long Discourses of the Buddha). The name comes from 'brahma' (perfect wisdom) and 'jala' (net-which-embraced-all-views). The sutta is also called 'Atthajala' (Net of Essence), Dhammajala, (Net of the Dhamma), Ditthijala (Net of Views), Anuttarasangama Vijaya (Incomparable Victory in Battle).

The sutta discusses two main topics: the elaboration of the Ten Precepts (Cula-sila), the Middle Precepts (Majjhima-sila), and the Great Precepts (Maha-sila). Cula-sila deals with the Ten Precepts to be practised by devout buddhists, while Majjhima-sila gives a detailed description of the practice of the sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth precepts, together with the practise of plant conservation and speech etiquette.

The second and third parts of the sutta discuss the 62 beliefs (ditthi) or "views" held by ascetics in the Ganges plains ( in what is now India) during the life of the Buddha. These are divided into: 18 beliefs related to the past (pubbantanuditthino), and 44 beliefs about the future (aparantakappika).

Many of these beliefs are still relevant in the modern world and thus the sutta provides Buddhist scholars with much information to ponder about the Buddha's teachings.

The elaboration of these beliefs is very detailed, focusing on how the beliefs (faiths) come to be and the way they are described and declared. The elaboration ends with the Buddha's statement about the danger of clinging to these beliefs, as they are still influenced by desire (lobha), hatred (dosa), and ignorance (moha) that its faithful followers will not end in the final liberation but still in the cycle of samsara. Believers of these faiths are compared to small fish in a pond which will be captured by a fine net no matter how much they want to escape, while those who see reality as it is are beyond the net of samsara.



Baguazhang

Bāguàzhǎng is one of the major Chinese martial arts of the Wudang school. It is also one of the three main internal styles, or Neijia. "Bāguà zhǎng" means "eight trigram palm," according to the trigrams of the Yijing (I Ching), one of the canons of Taoism.




Grace Slick

Grace Slick (born "Grace Barnett Wing"; October 30, 1939) is an American singer-songwriter from Evanston, Illinois. She was the lead singer of Jefferson Airplane, Jefferson Starship and Starship. 

She was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996 as a member of Jefferson Airplane.

The Daily Pennsylvanian

The Daily Pennsylvanian (The DP) is the independent daily student newspaper of the University of Pennsylvania. 

Founded in 1885, the newspaper has been published daily since 1894, except for a hiatus from May 1943 to November 1945 on account of World War II. The "DP" broke away from the university in 1962 to become an independent publication. It incorporated in 1984 to solidify its financial and editorial independence from the university. Today the newspaper's budget is funded primarily through the sale of advertising by a student business staff.

The "Daily Pennsylvanian" has won many of the most prestigious awards in college journalism. In 2008, the newspaper was awarded the Society of Professional Journalist's National Mark of Excellence Award. In the same year, the paper won the Spring 2008 Columbia Gold Crown, awarded to only eight college newspapers nationwide, an award it has won many times before. It also received first place in the Associated Collegiate Press's Kansas City Convention Best of Show Competition in 2008. In 2004, the DP won the Pacemaker, awarded by the Associated Collegiate Press and the Newspaper Association of America Foundation, for a record-setting fourth consecutive year. It also won the award in 1990, 1997, and 1998, and most recently in 2007. Several of its writers win Gold Circles from the Columbia Scholastic Press Association every year. It was also ranked as the "most read" college newspaper by The Princeton Review in 1990, 1997, 1998, and 2001. In 2006, College Publisher awarded the DP first place in the category of Best Online Sports Coverage and, in 2008, it was awarded an online Gold Crown for dailypennsylvanian.com.


Pomeranian dog

The Pomeranian is a dog from Pomerania (in Eastern Germany and Northern Poland). Queen Victoria, Queen Charlotte, and Joséphine de Beauharnais all owned Pomeranians.Pomeranians are sometimes called Zwergspitz (which is a Dwarf Spitz) and Toy German Spitz in different countries.

The Pomeranian can live from 12 to 16 years.

Pomeranians are more likely than other dogs to get some health problems, like:

Io9

Io9 is a blog launched in 2008 by Gawker Media. The blog focuses on the subjects of science fiction, futurism and advancements in the fields of science and technology.


Jake Dowell

Jacob Dowell (born March 4, 1985 in Eau Claire, Wisconsin) is an American former professional ice hockey center. He played a total of 157 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Dallas Stars and Minnesota Wild.

He was selected by the Chicago Blackhawks with the 140th pick in the 2004 NHL Draft and played 4 seasons with them before being signed to the Dallas Stars on July 1, 2011.

On May 12, 2017, Dowell signed a one-year contract with EHC Liwest Black Wings Linz of the ICE Hockey League. After the year, he decided to retire from playing professional ice hockey.

Brian David Josephson

Brian David Josephson, FRS (born 4 January 1940; Cardiff, Wales) is a Welsh physicist who became a Nobel laureate in 1973. He is of Jewish descent.

As of late 2007, he was a retired professor at the University of Cambridge, where he is the head of the Mind–Matter Unification Project in the Theory of Condensed Matter (TCM) research group. He is also a fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.

Josephson is one of the more well-known scientists who say that parapsychological phenomena may be real, and is also interested in the possibility that Eastern mysticism may have relevance to scientific understanding. In 2005, Josephson said that "parapsychology should now have become a conventional field of research, and yet parapsychology's claims are still not generally accepted". He compared this situation to that of Alfred Wegener's hypothesis of continental drift, where there was initially great resistance to acceptance despite the strength of the evidence.

Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump

Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump is a buffalo jump in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains about 18 km northwest of Fort Macleod, Alberta, Canada. The plains Indians used Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump for over 5,500 years to kill buffalo. Head-Smashed-In Buffalo Jump is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and became one in 1981.


Michael Thalbourne

Michael A. Thalbourne, Ph.D., (March 24 1955 – May 4 2010) was an Australian psychologist and parapsychologist. He was educated at the University of Adelaide and the University of Edinburgh. His books include: "A glossary of terms used in parapsychology" (2003), "The common thread between ESP and PK" (2004), and "Parapsychology in the Twenty-First Century: Essays on the future of Psychical research" (2005). 

Damping

In physics, damping is any effect that tends to reduce the amplitude of vibrations.

In mechanics, the internal friction may be one of the causes of such damping effect. For many purposes the damping force F can be modeled as being proportional to the velocity v of the object:

where c is the "damping coefficient", given in units of Newton-seconds per meter.

Dale Webster

Dale Webster, also called "The Daily Wavester", is a surfer who lives in Valley Ford, California. People know him for making the official Guinness Book of World Records record for the "most days in a row surfed" 10,407 and his acting in the movie "Step into Liquid".

Toyosu Station

Toyosu Station (豊洲駅,とよすえき) is a Railway station of Tokyo Metro and Yurikamome in Kōtō, Tokyo, Japan.


Jeanne Moreau

Jeanne Moreau (23 January 1928 – 31 July 2017) was a French actress particularly associated with the French "new wave" cinema.

Moreau was born in Paris, France, the daughter of an English mother, a dancer at the Folies Bergères, and a French father, a restaurateur. She studied at the Conservatoire de Paris.

She began her career as a stage actress and joined the celebrated "Comédie-Française" in 1948, aged only 20, one the youngest ever member of the company. During the same time, she was in small roles in movies.

She got her first major break when she met French director Louis Malle. He cast her in his movies "L'ascenceur pour l'échafaud" (1957) and "Les amants" (1958), which established her as a movie star in France. She also appeared in Roger Vadim's "Les liaisons dangereuses" (1959) and Peter Brooks's "Moderato cantabile" (1960), but it is with François Truffaut's iconic movie "Jules et Jim" (1961) that she became an international star.

She then went on to work with directors such as Michelangelo Antonioni ("La Notte"), Orson Welles ("Le procès"), Luis Bunuel ("The Diary of a Chambermaid"), etc. In the 1970s, she attempted directing with "Lumières" (1976) and "L'adolescente" (1979) with mixed success.

Moreau received many awards for best actress, including a César Award, a BAFTA, a prix d'interprétation at the Cannes Film Festival. In 1996 she received a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award.

Moreau died on 31 July 2017 in Paris at the age of 89.


V12 engine

A V12 engine often just called a V12 is an internal combustion engine with 12 cylinders. The engine has six cylinders on each side called banks. The two banks form a "V" shaped angle. In most engines, the two banks are at a 60° angle to each other. All twelve pistons turn a common crankshaft. It can be powered by different types of fuels, including gasoline, diesel and natural gas.

Each cylinder bank is basically a straight-6. This set-up has perfect balance no matter which V angle is used. A V12 engine does not need balance shafts. A V12 angled at 45°, 60°, 120°, or 180° from each other has even firing and is smoother than a straight-6. This provides a smooth running engine for a luxury car. In a racing car, the engine can be made much lighter. This makes the engine more responsive and smoother. In a large heavy-duty engine, a V12 can run slower, and prolonging engine life.

V12 engines were first used in aircraft. By the end of World War I, V12s were popular in the fighters and bombers. Many Zeppelins had V12 engines. 

The Rolls-Royce Merlin V12 powered the Hawker Hurricane and Supermarine Spitfire fighters that played a vital role in Britain's victory in the Battle of Britain. The long, narrow configuration of the V12 contributed to good aerodynamics, while its exceptional smoothness allowed its use with relatively light and fragile airframes. 

After World War II, V12 engines were mostly replaced by turbojet and turboprop engines. These engines produced more power for their weight, and fewer problems in large aircraft.

In cars, V12 engines are not common because of their complexity and cost. They are normally found only in high-end sports cars and luxury cars. For these cars, they are desired for their power, low vibration, and distinctive sound.

Before World War II, V12 engines were found in many luxury cars. In the 1930s, V8 engines started to replace the V12s. The V8 engine design was improved to make it lighter and produce more power than the V12. Since World War II, only a few car manufactures have used V12 engines. 

In 1997, Toyota equipped their Century Limousine with a 5.0 L V12, making it the first Japanese production passenger car with a V12. In 2009, China FAW Group Corporation equipped their Hongqi HQE with a 6.0 L V12, making it the first Chinese production passenger car so equipped.

In the past, V12 engines were common in Formula One and endurance racing. Ferrari used V12 engines in 1950, the first year of Formula One. Several factors made teams stop using the V12 engine. Improvements to the V8 engine, in particular Ford Cosworth engine. Small, lightweight turbocharged engines were developed that produced more power for the weight. And finally rule changes that limited the size of engines and the power they could produce.

In the 2007 24 Hours of Le Mans, the first place car was a Audi R10 TDI, with a V12 diesel engine. The second place car was a Peugeot 908, also with a V12 diesel.

V12 is a common configuration for large diesel engines. Heavy trucks often use large V12 engines. Many diesel locomotives have V12 engines. Mercedes (MTU) builds V12 diesel engines for marine use. 

V12 is a common configuration for tanks and other armored fighting vehicles (AFVs). 


Gawker Media

Gawker Media is an American online media company and blog network. It was founded and is owned by Nick Denton. It is based in New York City. 



The Philadelphia Inquirer

The Philadelphia Inquirer is a newspaper that serves the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, metropolitan area of the United States. The newspaper was founded by John R. Walker and John Norvell in June 1829 as The Pennsylvania Inquirer and is the third-oldest surviving daily newspaper in the United States. Owned by the local group Philadelphia Media Holdings LLC, "The Inquirer" has the nineteenth largest average weekday U.S. newspaper circulation and has won eighteen Pulitzer Prizes.


Chinese martial arts

Chinese martial arts is also known by the Mandarin Chinese term, wushu. It is popularly known as kung-fu. It includes a number of fighting styles that have developed over the centuries in China. 

These fighting styles are often classified according to common features, identified as "families" ("jiā"), "sects" ("pài") or "schools" ("mén") of martial arts. Examples of such features include physical exercises that copy certain animals, or training methods inspired by Taoism, and legends. 

Styles focusing on "qi" are called "internal" ("nèijiāquán"), while others concentrate on improving muscle and heart fitness, and are called "external" ("wàijiāquán"). They are also often classed according to region, that is "northern" ("běiquán") and "southern" ("nánquán").


Series finale

A series finale is the last installment of a television series before the series is removed. These terms refer to an intentionally planned ending, rather than one in which the series is unexpectedly cancelled after the last episode is produced. Episodes labeled "series finale," or ones leading up to it, often include remarkable events in the overall series story arc. An extended length episode, or television or theatrical film may serve as the series finale. The finale may also be used as a device to create a spin-off series.



Mazdak

Mazdak (died 524 or 528) was a Persian reformer and religious activist. He became influential under the reign of the Sassanian Shahanshah Kavadh I. He claimed to be a prophet of God, and started communal possessions and social welfare programs.

He was the main representative of set of religious and philiosopical teachings called Mazdakism, which are seen as a reformed version of Zoroastrianism.
Some people have argued, his teachings show influences from Manichaeism as well. Zoroastrianism was the dominant religion of Sassanid Persia. Mazdak was a Zoroastrian priest. Most of the Zoroastrian clergy regarded his teaching as a heresy.

There is very little information about Mazdakism. The teaching of Khurramism developed from Mazdakism and can be used to tell certain details about Mazdakism.

Box Car Racer

Box Car Racer was an American Alternative rock/Post-hardcore band from San Diego, California that were active from 2001 to 2003. Box Car Racer was a side-project for Blink-182 members Tom DeLonge and Travis Barker and lead guitarist of Hazen Street, David Kennedy and touring bassist Anthony Celestino. When they were active they were signed to the record label MCA Records.




Tatshenshini-Alsek Provincial Park

Tatshenshini-Alsek Park (also known as Tatshenshini-Alsek Provincial Wilderness Park) is a provincial park in British Columbia. It is part of the Kluane / Wrangell–St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The park is on the northwestern corner of British Columbia. It borders the U.S. state of Alaska and Canadian Yukon Territory. The park has many Grizzly Bears, Glacier Bear, Dall's Sheep, Mountain Goats, Kenai moose, grey wolves, eagles (Bald & Golden), falcons (peregrine & gyr), trumpeter swans, Sea lions, and Humpback whales.


List of best-selling albums worldwide

This is a list of the world's best-selling albums. The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide. Most albums have different estimates of sales. In this list, the highest sales reported for an album is added to the list. Groupings are based on different sales benchmarks. The highest benchmark is for claims of at least 100 million copies, and the lowest are for claims of 20–29 million copies. Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and by the artist's first name. This list contains all types of albums, including studio, greatest hits, compilation, various artists, soundtrack and remix.

A number of issues make exact figures difficult to calculate, as historical data before the 1980s and from developing countries is incomplete. Also, fans, record companies and the media are prone to making the sales figures higher than they actually are to boost the image of the act. The list also does not take into account the resale of used albums or as the emergence of illegal downloading of digital music.

Michael Jackson's "Thriller" is the best selling album of all time. The album is cited as selling as many as 110 million copies worldwide.


Nanaimo

Nanaimo is a city in British Columbia with a population of 90,054 (2016). 

The mayor of Nanaimo is Leonard Eugene Krog 

Nanaimo is located on Vancouver Island and is the second largest city on Vancouver Island.

Nanaimo is ranked 62nd overall in the 100 largest municipalities in Canada and is nicknamed the "Bathtub Racing Capital of the World" and the "Harbour City". 


Shibuya Station

Shibuya Station () is a railway station of JR East, Tokyu Corporation, Keio Corporation and the Tokyo Metro in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan.


 Shōnan-Shinjuku Line

Oakland Tribune

Oakland Tribune is newspaper in Oakland, California. Oakland Tribune is estimated February 21 1874 and today its owned by MediaNews Group.

Loving County, Texas

Loving County is a county in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the United States' smallest county by number of people. In 2020, only 64 people lived there. The county seat is Mentone.

The County is named for Oliver Loving, a cattle farmer who, along with Charles Goodnight, developed the Goodnight-Loving Trail. He died of wounds from Comanches while on a cattle drive in 1867 near the county.

I'm Outta Time

"I'm Outta Time" is a single by the rock band Oasis. The song is featured on their seventh studio album "Dig Out Your Soul". The second single from the album, "I'm Outta Time" was written by lead vocalist Liam Gallagher and released on 1 December 2008.

The song has similarity, in style, to John Lennon's work in the early 1970s. The piano which features on the track partly sounds like Lennon's "Jealous Guy". The song also has a backing piano similar to The Beatles' "A Day in the Life". Liam jokingly claims that it took him nine years to write the song.

The song features a short speech from John Lennon taken from one of his last interviews in 1980. The speech sample says: "As Churchill said, it's every Englishman's inalienable right to live where the hell he likes. What's it going to do, vanish? Is it not going to be there when I get back?".

The song has been noted as one of the highlights of the album, with guitarist Noel Gallagher labeling it "deceptively brilliant". It has also been praised by music critics, with "NME" calling it a return to form, and comparing it to the music of Oasis-admired rock band The Beatles.

It charted at #12 in the UK Singles Chart - the first Oasis single to miss the top ten since 1994, ending the band's streak of 22 consecutive top tens. It has so far spent a total of 24 weeks in the French Singles Chart, the most ever by any Oasis single. However, the single spent only two weeks in the UK top 75, the least ever by any Oasis single.

The music video for "I'm Outta Time" was released in November 2008. It was filmed in black and white, and shows Liam Gallagher, the only band member to appear in the clip, on a "surreal journey through a moon-lit English landscape". At the end of the video, Liam is filmed in a close-up profile shot lying down. This bears resemblance to the back cover artwork for John Lennon's album "Imagine".

The song was covered by Lily Allen on BBC's Live Lounge on December 2, 2009.

Nick.com

Nick.com is a website created and owned by Nickelodeon. It started in October 1995. The website is an online portal for Nickelodeon content, and has online games, message boards, and individual websites for each show it has broadcast.


Corey Crawford

Corey Crawford (born December 31, 1984) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. He played a total 10 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played his entire career for the Chicago Blackhawks. He made his debut with the Blackhawks on January 22, 2006 against the Minnesota Wild.

Crawford also played in the QMJHL for the Moncton Wildcats. On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

On October 9, 2020, Crawford signed a two-year, $7.8 million contract with the New Jersey Devils. However, he never played for them. On January 9, 2021, Crawford announced that he was retiring from professional ice hockey.


Oasis discography

The discography of Oasis, an English rock band, consists of seven studio albums, one live album, two compilation albums, two extended plays (EPs), five video albums and thirty-one singles.

Oasis were formed in 1991 by vocalist Liam Gallagher, guitarist Paul Arthurs (also known as "Bonehead"), bassist Paul McGuigan (also known as "Guigsy") and drummer Tony McCarroll, a unit soon joined by guitarist, vocalist and lead songwriter Noel Gallagher, Liam's older brother. The band's debut album, "Definitely Maybe", went straight to #1 in the UK Albums Chart and went on to be certified seven-times platinum by the British Phonographic Industry and platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and the Canadian Recording Industry Association. Oasis' debut single, "Supersonic", peaked at #31 in the UK Singles Chart.

The follow-up to "Definitely Maybe" was Oasis' highest-selling album to date; "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?". It was recorded with new drummer Alan White, and is the third highest-selling album in the United Kingdom as of 2006, with 4.4 million units sold. The album was commercially successful, reaching #1 in the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Sweden and Switzerland. It was certified 14 times platinum by the BPI, four times platinum by the RIAA, eight times platinum by the CRIA and six times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association. The first single from "Morning Glory", "Some Might Say", was also the band's first #1 single. Oasis' third album, "Be Here Now", reached the top spot in the albums charts of nine countries, and was their most successful album in the "Billboard" 200 where it reached #2. In 1998 the band released "The Masterplan", a compilation of B-sides, which reached #2 and was certified platinum in the UK.


Hemichordata

The Hemichordata is a phylum of worm-shaped marine deuterostome animals, generally considered the sister group of the echinoderms. They date back to the Lower or Middle Cambrian and include an important class of fossils called graptolites, most of which became extinct in the Carboniferous.

Living hemichordates are a phylum with two living classes: the enteropneusts and the pterobranchs. Since the hemichordates are the closest living relatives to the chordates, they are of great interest to those studying the origins of chordate development. 

The bodies of Hemichordates are divided into three parts, proboscis, collar and trunk. They have open circulatory systems and a complete digestive tract but the musculature in their gut is very poorly developed, and food is mostly transported through it by using the cilia that cover its inside surface.

A hollow neural tube exists among some species (at least in early life), probably a primitive trait they share with the common ancestor of chordata and the rest of the deuterostomes.

Hemichordates are known to develop in two ways: either directly or indirectly. The enteropneusts have both types of development. The indirect development has a long pelagic larval stage. These species have a larval stage which feeds on plankton before turning into an adult worm. Those species which develop directly bypass this prolonged larval stage and develop straight into an adult worm.

Graptolites are common fossils from the Palaeozoic. They are colonial animals known chiefly from the Upper Cambrian to the Lower Carboniferous (Mississippian). A possible early graptolite, "Chaunograptus", is known from the Middle Cambrian. 

The name graptolite comes from the Greek "graptos", meaning 'written', and "lithos", meaning 'rock'. Many graptolite fossils resemble hieroglyphs written on the rock. Linnaeus originally regarded them as "pictures resembling fossils rather than true fossils". More recent work places them near the pterobranchs, possibly within.
Each graptolite colony is known as a rhabdosome and has a variable number of branches (called "stipes") coming from an initial individual. Each subsequent zooid is housed within a tubular or cup-like structure (called a theca). In some colonies, there are two sizes of theca, and it has been suggested that this difference is due to sexual dimorphism.
The number of branches and the arrangement of the thecae are important features in the identification of graptolite fossils. Their general shape has been compared with that of a hacksaw blade.

Most of the tree-like forms are classified as dendroid graptolites (order Dendroidea). They appear earlier in the fossil record (in the Cambrian), and were benthic animals attached to the sea-floor by a root-like base. Graptolites with relatively few branches were derived from the dendroid graptolites at the beginning of the Ordovician period. This latter type (order Graptoloidea) were pelagic, drifting freely on the surface of ancient seas or attached to floating seaweed by means of a slender thread. They were a successful and prolific group, being the most important animal members of the plankton until they died out in the early part of the Devonian period. The dendroid graptolites survived until the Carboniferous period.

The Acorn worms or Enteropneusta are a Hemichordate class of invertebrates, closely related to the chordates. There are about 70 species of acorn worm in the world, the main species for research being "Saccoglossus kowalevskii".

All species are benthic, and either deposit feeders or suspension feeders. Some of these worms may grow to be very long; one particular species may reach a length of 2.5 meters (almost eight feet), although most acorn worms are much smaller. One genus, "Balanoglossus", is also known as the tongue worm.

Pterobranchia is a clade of small, worm-shaped animals. They belong to the Hemichordata, and live in secreted tubes on the ocean floor. Pterobranchia feed by filtering plankton out of the water with the help of cilia attached to tentacles. There are about 30 known living species in the group.

The class Pterobranchia was established by E. Ray Lankester in 1877. It contained, at that time, the single genus "Rhabdopleura". The publication of the Challenger Report ("Cephalodiscus") in 1887, showed that "Cephalodiscus", the second genus now included in the order, had affinities in the direction of the Enteropneusta.

Studies under an electron microscope have suggested that pterobranchs belong to the same clade as the extinct graptolites.

CraveOnline

CraveOnline is an entertainment website. It is based in Los Angeles and has sales offices in New York, Chicago, and San Francisco. The site is owned by media company AtomicOnline. CraveOnline maintains a network of male-centric sites.


Wibbling Rivalry

"Wibbling Rivalry" is the title of a single released under the name "Oas*s" by the Fierce Panda record label in 1995. It is a recording of John Harris interviewing brothers Noel Gallagher and Liam Gallagher of Oasis in early 1994. The musicians live up to their reputation as fighting siblings by getting sidetracked into an argument over an incident that happened on a ferry. The title is a portmanteau of the expression sibling rivalry and the word wibble.

The single contains a 'Liam Track' featuring predominantly Liam's use of profanities and a 'Noel Track' featuring Noel. "Wibbling Rivalry" holds the record as the highest charting interview release in the UK, reaching number 52 on November 25, 1995. 


William Lloyd Garrison

William Lloyd Garrison (December 13, 1805 – May 24, 1879) was an American abolitionist, meaning he wanted to end slavery in the United States. He wrote a newspaper called "The Liberator". He also worked to allow women to vote. Garrison was born in Massachusetts. He died in New York. 

Animation Magazine

Animation Magazine is a monthly publication covering the animation industry, including different reviews about film and television animation, visual effects and video games.


Nielsen Media Research

Nielsen Media Research (NMR) is an American company that measures media audiences (people), including television, radio, theatre films and newspapers.



Deus ex machina

Deus ex machina is the Latin version of an ancient Greek phrase "ἀπὸ μηχανῆς θεός". 

The phrase means "the god from the machine". It comes from the theatre of ancient Greece. They had a kind of crane for delivering gods onto the stage on wires.

By extension, the term means a plot device whereby a seemingly impossible problem is suddenly solved by means which do not follow normal logic.

For example, in Euripides' play "Alcestis", the heroine agrees to give up her own life in order to spare the life of her husband, Admetus. At the end Heracles shows up and seizes Alcestis from Death, restoring her to life and to Admetus. A more frequently cited example is Euripides' "Medea" in which the "deus ex machina" is used to take Medea (who has murdered people and babies) away from her husband Jason to the safety and civilization of Athens.

Aristotle criticized this device in his "Poetics." He argued that the resolution of a plot should follow the logic of the play. It should not come from something outside that logic.

There are many examples of the same dramatic device in modern movies and novels. For example, in H.G. Wells's "War of the Worlds", the aliens attacking Earth are suddenly killed by bacteria. The movie "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" makes fun of this plot device when the heroes barely escape from an animated monster because the animator died from a heart attack before finishing the movie's animation. Since the monster only existed in the animated scenes in the movie, the animator's death caused the monster to completely disappear from the movie.


Dig It (Beatles song)

"Dig It" is a song by The Beatles from their album "Let It Be". The song is credited to Lennon/McCartney/Harrison/Starkey. It is one of the few songs to be credited to all of the Beatles; the others are "Flying" ("Magical Mystery Tour"), "Suzy Parker" ("Let It Be" movie), "12-Bar Original" ("Anthology 2"), "Los Paranoias" ("Anthology 3") and the Beatles' version of "Free as a Bird". 



Length of day

The length of the day is how long a day is. On Earth, it is 24 hours long. There are other planets with different types of day.

This uses Earth time.

The Earth is constantly losing angular velocity and rotational energy through a process called tidal acceleration, which leads to a slow lengthening of the day. Tidal acceleration is an effect of the tidal forces between an orbiting natural satellite (e.g. the Moon), and the primary planet that it orbits (e.g. Earth).

A century ago, the average day was about 1.7 milliseconds shorter than today. In the late Neoproterozoic about 620 million years ago a day had only about 21.9±0.4 hours.


Woman Haters

Woman Haters is the first episode of "The Three Stooges".

Moe, Larry, and Curly join a Woman Haters club. When Larry falls in love, Moe and Curly get mad, for he is breaking the rules of the club. Larry eventually gets married and gets kicked out of the club. Several years later, Larry rejoins (Moe and Curly are still members).

WAZE-TV

WAZE-TV is a TV channel from Evansville, Indiana. It is known as "The C-W 19." It broadcast on digital channel twenty until May 2011, when it stopped operating.

WAAY-TV

WAAY-TV is a TV channel in Huntsville. Its display channel number is 31. It is an ABC station. It once also was an NBC, CBS, and DuMont station.




KTUU

KTUU is a TV channel. Its display channel number is 2. It is an NBC channel. It is located in Anchorage, Alaska.

KPXI

KPXI is a television channel in St. Cloud, Minnesota. It first went on the air in 1982 as KXLI.

Joey Mercury

Adam Birch (born July 18, 1979) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his time working in the WWE under the name Joey Mercury. He has also wrestled in the indies with the name Joey Matthews. During his time in WWE, he was known for being one-half of the tag team MNM with Johnny Nitro and Melina.

Independent circuit

In pro wrestling, the independent circuit or indy circuit refers to the many wrestling shows that are much smaller than major wrestling companies, like WWE, All Elite Wrestling (AEW), and Impact Wrestling. Some popular "indy promotions" in recent decades have been Ring of Honor (ROH), which is now owned by AEW CEO Tony Khan; CHIKARA, which folded in 2020; Dragon Gate USA (DGUSA), which folded in 2015; Major League Wrestling (MLW), and the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA).

White-crested cockatoo

The white-crested cockatoo (binomial name Cacatua alba), is a bird. It is also called the white cockatoo and the umbrella cockatoo. It is one of a larger group of birds in the family Cacatuidae. Cockatoos are a kind of parrot.

The birds in this genus are outdoor birds in Australia and the islands north of Australia and including the Philippines. 

Cockatoos have black bills made of keratin. They have black feet. The white-crested cockatoo is about 17.5 inches long.

The White Cockatoo is considered vulnerable by the IUCN. Its numbers in the wild have declined owing to capture for the cage bird trade and habitat loss.\ It is listed in appendix II of the CITES list which gives it protection by restricting export and import of wild-caught birds. BirdLife International indicates that catch quotas issued by the Indonesian government were 'exceeded by up to 18 times in some localities' in 1991. RSPCA supported surveys by the Indonesian NGO ProFauna suggest that significant levels of trade in wild-caught White Cockatoos still occur, with 200+ taken from the wild in north Halmahera in 2007. Approximately 40% of the parrots (White Cockatoo, Chattering Lory, Violet-necked Lory and Eclectus Parrot) caught in Halmahera are smuggled to the Philippines, while approximately 60% go to the domestic Indonesian trade, especially via bird markets in Surabaya and Jakarta.

Roraiman barbtail

The Roraiman barbtail ("Roraimia adusta") is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is placed in the monotypic genus Roraimia. 

It is found in Brazil, Guyana, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.


Fuckin' in the Bushes

"Fuckin' in the Bushes" is the first track on British band Oasis' fourth studio album, "Standing on the Shoulder of Giants".

The song was frequently used as the first song in Oasis' concerts, such as on their "Don't Believe the Truth" Tour, played on a tape. It contains samples taken from Murray Lerner's movie "Message to Love - Isle of Wight 1970". It is featured during the climactic scene of the movie "Snatch," and it was played when Oasis received their award for Outstanding Contribution to Music.

Professional wrestler Nigel McGuinness used the song as his entrance theme.

Bowling for Soup have used the song as an intro on the UK leg of their Get Happy Tour.

It is used on the ITV television program James Corden's World Cup Live.

On March 27th 2021 Campbell Hatton (son of Ricky) used the song as his entrance song for his debut fight in Gibraltar. 

Sauber Grand Prix results

The table below details the complete World Championship Grand Prix results for the Sauber Formula One team. 

Jump to: 2000 2010

Quaker Oats Company

The Quaker Oats Company is an American food division business headquarted in Chicago. Quaker's products include, oatmeal, cereal, and granola bars. Since 2001, Quaker Oats Company is owned by PepsiCo, Inc..

Quaker Oats was founded in 1901 as the four oat mills merged:


In 1969 Quaker got Fisher-Price, a toy business. Fisher-Price stopped being owned by Quaker in 1991.

In 1983, Quaker bought Stokely-Van Camp, Incorporated. The company makes Gatorade.

In 1994, Quaker bought Snapple for $1.7 billion. Quaker sold it to Triarc in 1997 for $300 million.

In August 2001, Quaker was bought out by Pepsico because Pepsi wanted to own Gatorade and be in the sports beverage market. 

Since the late 1980s, actor Wilford Brimley has appeared in television commercials.

The brands in the United States:

The brands in the United Kingdom:


Toyota Sienna

The Toyota Sienna is a family-sized minivan that is built by Toyota in Princeton, Indiana. Four generations of the Toyota Sienna have been produced since 1997. Both the second and third generations received an overall "Good" score from the IIHS and a 4-star rating for frontal and side impacts from the NHTSA.

The second generation of the Sienna was sold for the 2003 - 2010 model years with seating for 7 passengers and featured a 3.3L V6 from the start, which was later replaced by a 3.5L V6. The third generation was sold for the 2011 - 2020 model years and is powered by the 3.5L V6 with 265 hp and still seats seven to eight passengers. The fourth generation has been sold since the 2021 model year and is powered by a 2.5L four-cylinder engine with a hybrid system, with 245 hp.


Cloister

A Cloister is a term in architecture. It describes a structure which is usually found in monasteries, churches and old colleges. It is a rectangular open space surrounded by covered walks or open galleries. It has open arcades on the inner side, running along the walls of buildings and forming a quadrangle. 

Chevrolet Lumina

The Chevrolet Lumina is a mid-sized sedan that is built by the Chevrolet brand. The Lumina was produced in North America from 1990 to 2001 and is currently being produced in the Middle East and South Africa. The Lumina has four generations, the first generation was a mid-sized 2-door coupe and 4-door sedan and was produced from 1990 to 1994, The second generation which is a mid-sized 4-door sedan and was produced from 1995-2001, The third generation which was a mid-sized 4-door sedan and was produced from 1998 to 2006 and the fourth generation which is a mid-sized 4-door sedan and is produced from 2006 to present. The Lumina is manufactured by General Motors company. The Lumina could be bought in a minivan, coupe or sedan. In North America Chevrolet discontinued the Lumina in 2000 due to dwindling sales and the success of the reborn Impala. The Lumina nameplate was still used in some markets, in parts of Asia it was applied to the mid-sized Buick Century/Regal and a badge engineered version of the Holden Commodore sports sedan.

Vyatskoye, Khabarovsk Krai

Vyatskoye or Viatskoe is a village in Russia. It is on the river Amur.


Scaffold

A scaffold is a temporary structure used for support. Originally scaffolds were made of wood, and bamboo scaffolds are still used in many parts of the world. In the western world they are now made of metal.

The most common use of scaffolds is to allow work on buildings. Another use of the word was the wooden platforms built for executions. This is now a rare use of the word.
Wooden & Bamboo Scaffolding: Bamboo scaffolding is more common outside of North America and Europe. Pre-cut lumber was the most common type of scaffolding until steel, and the fabrication of materials, became much more affordable. Bamboo is more commonly used in Asia where it’s favored for strength, flexibility, and eco-friendliness.

Tube & Clamp Scaffolding: This is one of the earliest types of steel scaffolding and consists of two parts, including the tubes and clips, sometimes called ‘couples.’ The idea is really simple, and one reason why it’s so popular is because of the ease in assembly and disassembly. To erect the scaffold, you need to connect tubes together to make long runs and then connect the verticals and horizontals together with clamps built specifically for these tubes. 

Systems Scaffolding: Sometimes referred to as "modular scaffolding", systems scaffolding consists primarily of vertical and horizontal pre-engineered components that connect together in a systematic fashion.

Systems scaffolding is likely the most used type of scaffolding across the globe and there are hundreds of manufacturers, each having specific efficiencies. Some perform well in very highly loaded conditions and others are more suited to smaller repeated scaffold structures.

Cuplock Systems Scaffolding: Commonly made from galvanized steel, cuplock systems scaffolding is popular for its ability to support heavy loads. With cuplocks at every 500mm to 1,000mm, this type of scaffolding creates highly standardized systems that work well for scaffolding designs with repeated patterns.

David Legwand

David A. Legwand (born August 17, 1980) is a American former professional ice hockey center. He played for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Nashville Predators and the Detroit Red Wings.

Before playing in the NHL, Legwand played 2 seasons with the Plymouth Whalers of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). Legwand won the Red Tilson Award for being the most outstanding player in the league.

He was drafted 2nd overall by the Nashville Predators in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. After playing 15-years with the Predators, he was traded to the Detroit Red Wings in exchange for Patrick Eaves, Calle Järnkrok, and a conditional 2014 draft pick. Legwand played 21 regular season games with Detroit.

On July 4, 2014, he signed a two-year, $6 million contract with the Ottawa Senators.


Precinct

A precinct is a closed or clearly marked space which belongs to an organisation. Around some main buildings, such as a cathedral or college, is a space. This space may have other buildings in it, and usually has a wall round it. The whole area has one owner (such as the church). People may only come into the precinct if they are allowed: it is not a public space, even though members of the public may use it. For example, students and staff may enter a college, but visitors will have to give reasons at the entry.

The concept of a precinct is mediaeval. Towns, churches, palaces, colleges were places of limited access. They were surrounded by walls and guarded.

Tim Lincecum

Timothy Leroy Lincecum (born June 15, 1984 in Bellevue, Washington) is a Filipino American baseball player. He is currently a free agent of Major League Baseball (MLB).

Lincecum was the NL Cy Young Award winner in 2009 and 2008, won the Golden Spikes Award in 2006 and led Major League Baseball with 265 strikeouts in 2008.


Jack Nicklaus

Jack William Nicklaus (born January 21, 1940 in Columbus, Ohio) is an American golfer who is known for winning the most victories in major championships with 18 wins. Nicklaus became the oldest golfer to win The Masters Tournament when he won in 1986 and holds the record for most top tens (22), and the most cuts made (37).

Syfy

Syfy (; the same way as "sci-fi"), formerly known as the Sci-Fi Channel, is an American cable television channel that specializes in science fiction, fantasy, horror, professional wrestling, and paranormal programming. Launched on 24 September 1992, it is part of the entertainment conglomerate NBC Universal. The name Syfy was officially adopted on 7 July 2009.


Art of East Asia

Arts of the Far East include:



Matthew McConaughey

Matthew David McConaughey (born November 4, 1969 in Uvalde, Texas) is an American actor. McConaughey made his big screen debut in the 1993 movie "My Boyfriend's Back". He received great acclaim for his role as Mud in the 2012 movie "Mud" as well as his role in the 2013 movie "Dallas Buyers Club".
In recent years, he has been active in charity work and education.


Hung Ga

Hung Ga , Hung Kuen , or Hung Ga Kuen is a type of southern Chinese martial art.


Jesse Eisenberg

Jesse Adam Eisenberg (born October 5, 1983 in Queens, New York) is an American actor. He is known for playing the roles of Walt Berkman in "The Squid and the Whale", James Brennan in "Adventureland", "Columbus" in "Zombieland", Mark Zuckerberg in "The Social Network", Blu in "Rio" and as Lex Luthor in "" (2016). Eisenberg received an Academy Award nomination for "The Social Network". 

Eisenberg grew up in a non-religious Jewish family. His name Eisenberg translated from German means: iron mountain or mountain of iron. He was nominated for the Orange Rising Star Award in 2010. 
Eisenberg is fond of cats and has been involved in fostering the animals. He is a vegan. In 2013, he began dating his "The Double" co-star Mia Wasikowska. The two split in 2015.

Anna strout Was in a relationship with Jesse Eisenberg from 2002 to 2012 and then they got back together in 2015. They have a son together (b.April 2017). and they married in 2017.


Southern Praying Mantis (martial art)

Southern Praying Mantis (南派螳螂) is a Chinese martial art and native to the Hakka people.



Northern Shaolin (martial art)

Northern Shaolin (; Pinyin: Běi Shàolín, Cantonese: Pek Sil Lum) is one of the Chinese martial arts and is coming from the Northern Shaolin Monastery in Henan. 


Tai chi chuan

Tai chi chuan (; ), also known as "Supreme Ultimate Fist", is an internal Chinese martial art which is practiced for both its defense training and health benefits. 





TVShowsOnDVD.com

TVShowsOnDVD.com is a website dedicated to cataloging, campaigning for, and reporting news about Region 1 television series releases on DVD. 


JB Hi-Fi

JB Hi-Fi is an Australian CD, DVD, Blu-ray disc, video game and consumer electronics chain store.


Charlie Sands (ice hockey)

Charles Henry Sands (May 23, 1911 in Fort William, Ontario – April 6, 1953) was a Canadian professional hockey right winger who played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Boston Bruins, Montreal Canadiens and New York Rangers. Sands won the Stanley Cup with the Boston Bruins in 1939.

EzyDVD

EzyDVD is the largest online and off-line specialist DVD retailer in Australia.


Steve Rucchin

Steven Andrew Rucchin (; born July 4, 1971 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey centre.


The Hollywood Reporter

The Hollywood Reporter is an American magazine. 



NTSC

NTSC, also known as National Television System Committee, is the analog television system in North America, South America, Myanmar, Hong Kong (from 1974-2006). South Korea, Taiwan, Brunei Darussalam (from 1975-2002), Japan, Philippines, and some Pacific island nations and territories.




Saku Koivu

Saku Antero Koivu (born November 23, 1974 in Turku, Finland) is a former Finnish professional ice hockey player and an alternate captain of the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He began his NHL career with the Montreal Canadiens in 1995–96 after three seasons with TPS of the Finnish SM-liiga. Koivu served as the Canadiens' captain for nine of his thirteen seasons with the club (not including the locked-out 2004–05 season), which makes his the second longest captaincy tenure in team history after Jean Béliveau. Koivu was the first European to captain the Montreal Canadiens.

On September 6, 2001, Koivu was diagnosed with Burkitt's lymphoma, a non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and he nearly all of the 2001–02 season. After he had been suffering serious pains in his stomach and was vomiting went to see the Canadiens' physician David Mulder, who, after many tests discovered the cancer. He was expected to miss the season but he made a comeback in time for the last few games. The fans gave Koivu an eight-minute standing ovation when he skated onto the Molson Centre ice for the first time on April 9, 2002. For both his courage and his off-ice team leadership while he was undergoing cancer treatment, Koivu was awarded the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy following the 2002 playoffs.





Cliff Barton

Clifford John Barton (September 3, 1907 in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan – September 14, 1969) was an American professional ice hockey right winger.

Barton played three seasons in the National Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Philadelphia Quakers, and New York Rangers. He was the last former Pittsburgh Pirates member to play in the NHL.

Edmond Bouchard

Edmond Bouchard (May 24, 1892 in Saint-Étienne-des-Grès, Quebec – July 18, 1955) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who sometimes doubled as a defenceman.

Inorganic chemistry

Inorganic chemistry is the branch of chemistry which studies the elements, and inorganic compounds. 

Inorganic chemistry can be defined simply as all chemistry which is not organic chemistry. Organic chemistry is basically the study of carbon compounds. Inorganic chemistry studies the elements (including carbon), and all compounds other than carbon compounds. There are a few exceptions to this rule, but this definition covers most cases. 


Jake Forbes

Vernor Vivian "Jake, Jumpin' Jackie" Forbes (July 4, 1897 in Toronto, Ontario – December 30, 1985), was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played thirteen seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto St. Patricks, Hamilton Tigers, New York Americans and Philadelphia Quakers.


Amos Arbour

Joseph Hermas "Amos, Butch" Arbour (January 26, 1895 in Waubaushene, Ontario – November 1, 1943) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played 7 seasons in the National Hockey Association and 6 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens, Hamilton Tigers and Toronto St. Pats. He was a member of the original Canadiens team in the 1909–10 NHA season.

Harry Cameron

Harold Hugh "Cammie" Cameron (February 6, 1890 – October 20, 1953) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played professionally for the Toronto Blueshirts, Toronto Arenas, Ottawa Senators, Toronto St. Pats and Montreal Canadiens. Cameron won three Stanley Cups in his career. His first as a member of the 1913–14 Toronto Blueshirts, his second as a member of the 1917–18 Blueshirts and his third as a member of the 1921–22 Toronto St. Pats (all predecessor clubs of the Toronto Maple Leafs).


Rusty Crawford

Samuel Russell Crawford (November 7, 1885 – December 19, 1971) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played for the Quebec Bulldogs of the National Hockey Association (NHA), Ottawa Senators and Toronto Arenas of the National Hockey League (NHL) and Saskatoon Crescents, Calgary Tigers and Vancouver Maroons of the Western Canada Hockey League (WCHL). He was a two-time Stanley Cup champion, winning the trophy with the Bulldogs in 1913 and the Areans in 1918. Crawford was one of the sport's early stars and appeared in 258 games in the three major leagues, scoring 110 goals. He was added to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1962.


Eddie Carpenter

Everard Lorne Carpenter (June 15, 1890 in Hartford, Michigan – April 30, 1963 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman who played two seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Quebec Bulldogs and Hamilton Tigers.

Although born in Michigan, Eddie grew up in the Lachute-Brownsburg, Quebec area where his parents lived until they moved to Red Deer, Alberta in 1913.

Eddie moved to Port Arthur, Ontario in 1909 to work for the Canadian Northern Railway. He played the defensive position of cover point with the semi-professional Thunder Bay Hockey Club in 1910, then during the hockey seasons of 1910-11 & 1911-12 for the Port Arthur Hockey Club. The team (which included Jack Walker) defeated Prince Albert for the Western Canadian championship, then went on to play the Ottawa Senators on March 16, 1911 for the Stanley Cup; they were defeated by the NHA team. He played with the Moncton Victorias in the 1912-13 season and the New Glasgow Black Foxes in 1913-14. He won a Stanley Cup with the 1917 Seattle Metropolitans.

After retiring from professional hockey in 1921, Eddie became the trainer, coach and manager for the Port Arthur Hockey Club which won two Allan Cups in 1924-25 and 1925-26. He served as councilor of the city of Port Arthur in 1941. About 1945, he moved to Winnipeg, and in approximately 1954 he retired from his job as a locomotive engineer, having worked for the Canadian National Railways.

National Hockey League - Regular Season

Alex Wellington

Alexander Robertson "Duke" Wellington (August 4, 1893 – September 20, 1967) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Wellington played senior ice hockey and one game in the National Hockey League for the Quebec Bulldogs during the 1919–20 NHL season.

Barry Boughner

Barry Michael Boughner (born January 29, 1948 in Delhi, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played 20 National Hockey League games with the Oakland Seals/California Golden Seals, going scoreless with 11 penalty minutes.

Boughner served as head coach for the Niagara Falls Flyers of the Ontario Hockey Association for a portion of the 1979–80 season.

Lyle Bradley

Walter Lyle Bradley (July 31, 1943 in Lloydminster, Saskatchewan – August 12, 2022) was a Canadian ice hockey centre. He played 6 NHL games with the California Golden Seals and Cleveland Barons.

Bradley died on August 12, 2022 at the age of 79.

Gary Croteau

Gary "Crow" Croteau (born June 20, 1946 in Sudbury, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey forward. He played with the Colorado Rockies of the National Hockey League (NHL).


Chuck Arnason

Ernest Charles "Chuck" Arnason (born July 15, 1951 in Ashern, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right wing who played 401 games over 8 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens, Atlanta Flames, Pittsburgh Penguins, Kansas City Scouts, Cleveland Barons, Colorado Rockies, Minnesota North Stars and Washington Capitals. He is the father of ice hockey player Tyler Arnason.



Rick Adduono

Rick Norman Adduono (born January 25, 1955 in Fort William, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player in the World Hockey Association and National Hockey League as well as a coach in various minor leagues.

Len Frig

Leonard Elroy Frig (born October 23, 1950 in Lethbridge, Alberta) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a total of 311 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Black Hawks, Oakland Seals, Cleveland Barons, and St. Louis Blues.

Dan Bouchard

Daniel Hector Bouchard (born December 12, 1950, in Val-d'Or, Quebec) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Atlanta Flames, Calgary Flames, Quebec Nordiques, and Winnipeg Jets.


Taylor Pyatt

Taylor William Pyatt (born August 19, 1981 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the New York Rangers. Drafted out of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL), he played major-junior with the Sudbury Wolves. He has previously played for the New York Islanders, Buffalo Sabres, Vancouver Canucks and Phoenix Coyotes in the NHL.


Leslie Caron

Leslie Caron (born 1 July 1931) is a French-American dancer and actress.

Caron was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, France to a French father and an American mother. She began taking ballet lessons at age 10 and joined Roland Petit's Ballet des Champs-Elysée in 1947 and quickly became one of the lead dancers of the company. 

Noticed by Gene Kelly, she went to Hollywood to appear with him in the film "An American in Paris" (1951), which introduced her to the American public. She went on to appear in other musical films such as "Lili" (1953), for which she won a BAFTA Award for best actress, "The Glass Slipper" (1955), "Daddy Long Legs" (1955), opposite Fred Astaire, "Gaby" (1956) and "Gigi" (1958), to considerable acclaim. 

In the 1960s, she turned to more dramatic roles in "Fanny" (1961), "The L-Shaped Room" (1962), which earned her a Golden Globe Award and a second BAFTA for best actress. She returned to romantic-comedy with "Father Goose" (1964), opposite Cary Grant. She also appeared in the war-thriller "Is Paris Burning?" (1966). 

She has continued to work in films and on television in the United States and France: "Carola" (1973), "QB VII" (1974), "The Man Who Loved Women" (1977), "Valentino" (1977), "Chocolat" (2000), and "Law and Order" (2006), for which she won an Emmy Award. 

She was married to British stage director Peter Hall from 1956 until 1965, with whom she had two children, Christopher (b. 1957) and Jennifer (b. 1958). From 1994 to 1995, she was partners with Robert Wolders.

In 2008, Caron claimed her American citizenship because her mother was born in the United States. She became a citizen in time to vote for Barack Obama for President.


Where Did It All Go Wrong?

"Where Did It All Go Wrong?" is a single by the rock band Oasis. The song was released on the album "Standing on the Shoulder of Giants", and was written by guitarist Noel Gallagher.

The song is one of two songs on "Standing on the Shoulder of Giants" that has Noel Gallagher on lead vocals. He said front man Liam Gallagher did not get to sing the song because: "[Vocally] Liam just couldn't get that one. The melody shifts quite a lot... Liam hasn't got that dynamism in his voice."

Noel stated that the lyrics of the song are about a circle of friends that he was involved with at one time in his life, as well as being semi-autobiographical.

Although not released as a commercial single, the song was released as a radio-single in the United States, where the song received airplay but did not chart due to no official release.


Jackson Rathbone

Monroe Jackson Rathbone V (born 21 December 1984) is an American actor and singer.

Casnate con Bernate

Casnate con Bernate is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 30 km north of Milan and about 5 km south of Como. As of 1 January 2009, it had a population of 4,850 and an area of 5.3 km².

Casnate con Bernate borders the following municipalities: Como, Cucciago, Fino Mornasco, Grandate, Luisago, Senna Comasco.

The Only Easy Day Was Yesterday

The Only Easy Day Was Yesterday is an EP from the American rock band 12 Stones. It was released on July 20, 2010 by Wind-up Records and debuted at #103 on the Billboard 200, and it peaked at #5 in the Christian albums chart.

At first, the band was going to release a full album but due to their record label, they were forced to release an EP. It's a 5 track EP which has the single "We Are One". "We Are One" was also the entrance theme for the WWE group, The Nexus.



Tom Felton

Thomas Andrew "Tom" Felton (born 22 September 1987) is an English actor and singer. Felton was born in Epsom, Surrey. He is best known for portraying the character Draco Malfoy in the Harry Potter movies. Felton has also won a MTV Movie Award for "Best Villain" in the film version of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince in 2010.


Persistent vegetative state

A persistent vegetative state is what happens when a person in a coma becomes somewhat aware of what is happening around them. However, they have little or no control over their body. Most people who are in a PVS cannot live without medicine or machinery, such as a ventilator.

Bryan Danielson

Bryan Danielson (born May 22, 1981) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under his real name. He is also known for his time in the WWE where he wrestled under the ring name, Daniel Bryan. He is also known by his nickname, the American Dragon.

In wrestling, Danielson is a four -time WWE Champion, one-time World Heavyweight Champion. He has won the ROH World Championship in Ring of Honor (ROH) once. Also, Danielson has won the PWG World Championship in Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG) twice, the FIP Heavyweight Championship once in Full Impact Pro and the GHC Junior Heavyweight Championship once in Pro Wrestling Noah. He was the last ROH Pure Champion. He combined the Pure title with the ROH World Title in 2006. He also won the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship in New Japan Pro Wrestling with Curry Man. In 2015, he won the WWE Intercontinental champion.

Until 2009, Danielson only wrestled on the indy scene. ROH was his home promotion, but he also worked in FIP, PWG, and the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA). He has also worked worldwide, most notably in Pro Wrestling Noah through ROH's involvement in the Global Professional Wrestling Alliance, a global team of wrestling promotions that allow their competitors to travel abroad to other companies. He also competed in a some matches in WWE before signing an actual contract with the company in 2009. In June 2010, shortly after the end of the first season of the "WWE NXT" show which Danielson was in, WWE announced that he had been released from his contract. But, at SummerSlam, he returned.





Michael Tarver

Tyrone Evans (born March 8, 1977 in Akron, Ohio) is an American professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) under the ring name Michael Tarver. During his time with WWE he was a part of the first season of NXT. He was eliminated along with Daniel Bryan in the first round. Tarver debuted on Raw as a part of the professional wrestling stable, The Nexus. On June 13, 2011, He was released from his WWE contract. He currently wrestles for Florida Underground Wrestling.

Pro Wrestling Illustrated ranked Tarver #343 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2010.

Tarver's finishing move is the Tarver's Lightning which is a Reverse thrown scoop powerslam.


Ryback

Ryan Reeves (born November 10, 1981 in Las Vegas, Nevada) is an American professional wrestler. He formally wrestled for the WWE under the ring name Ryback. He was formerly known under the ring name Skip Sheffield and was a former member of the wrestling stable, The Nexus.

On November 24th, Ryback would tweet on X saying that if Cm punk returned at wwe’s PLE Survivor series in Chicago he would retire from professional wrestling. A day later Cm punk would shockingly return at survivor series thus putting an end to rybacks career.



Greg Johnson (ice hockey)

Gregory C. Johnson (March 16, 1971 – July 7, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player in the National Hockey League.

Bill Houlder

William Houlder (born March 11, 1967 in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. In his NHL career, Houlder appeared in 846 games. He scored 59 goals and added 191 assists.

Hurricane Marilyn

Hurricane Marilyn was the fifteenth tropical depression and thirteenth named storm of the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Marilyn was the strongest storm to hit the Virgin Islands since Hurricane Hugo of 1989, and caused thirteen deaths and more than $2 billion in damage.

Marilyn formed on September 13, and grew to hurricane strength soon after. Marilyn made landfall on the Lesser Antilles on September 14, 1995 at Category 1 strength. By the time it reached the U.S. Virgin Islands, Marilyn was a Category 3 strength hurricane. After heading north past Bermuda, Marilyn weakened and became an extratropical cyclone before dying out just south of Nova Scotia on October 1, 1995.

Marilyn came from a tropical wave that formed off the African coast to the eastern Atlantic Ocean on September 7 and September 8. Large, low-level winds were included in the wave's circulation. However, little convection existed. The system continued west for a few days at about . On September 12, what was to be Hurricane Marilyn was named Tropical Depression Fifteen after convection increased. TD-15 strengthened quickly, and became Tropical Storm Marilyn six hours later. Four hours later Tropical Storm Marilyn became Hurricane Marilyn.

For the next few days, Marilyn went towards the northwest. Marilyn was a Category 1-hurricane when the center of the storm passed north of Barbados. Marilyn passed over Dominica, and just southwest of Guadeloupe on September 14. The hurricane continued moving and made landfall in the U.S. Virgin Islands on September 15 with winds of . The center of Marilyn passed over Saint Thomas. After passing over Puerto Rico, Marilyn was back in the Atlantic Ocean on September 16.

An eye started appearing in Marilyn and the storm reached a peak intensity of 949 millibars with winds of 115 mph, a Category 3-major hurricane. Marilyn peaked at this time with winds at 120-125 mph winds instead of 115 mph.
Marilyn started weakening fast, falling from its highest winds of down to 102 mph. The central pressure rose 20 mbars in 10 hours. The fast weakening was from the weakening eyewall and especially uneasy waters from the previous storm Hurricane Luis. Marilyn speed up towards Bermuda on September 18, passing about west of the island on September 19. Marilyn weakened from a hurricane to a low front on September 20. The remaining circulation continued over the central Atlantic Ocean for another 10 days before becoming absorbed in a frontal low.

A Hurricane Hunter scouting flight reported hail, which is unusual for tropical cyclones.

Seventeen watches and warnings were issued with Marilyn. The first two were a tropical storm watch and a tropical storm warning issued on Barbados, St. Vincent, Grenadines, St. Lucia and Grenada on September 12 at 2200 UTC. Five hours later, a tropical storm watch was issued for Trinidad and Tobago. A tropical storm warning was issued for St. Lucia, St. Vincent, Grenadines, Grenada and Tobago at 900 UTC September 13. At 2100 UTC, a Hurricane Warning was issued for Barbados, St. Vincent, Grenadines, St. Lucia and a hurricane watch for Dominica. A hurricane watch as released for Martinique on the 14th. The 2100 UTC September 13 was extended for the Grenadines through St. Martin, except Guadeloupe, St. Barthelemy and French portion of St. Martin. At 1500 UTC, Puerto Rico was put under a Hurricane Watch. At 1700 UTC, Guadeloupe, St. Barthelemy, and the French part of St. Martin were put under a hurricane watch. Four hours later, Puerto Rico, U.S. and British Virgin Islands, and Guadeloupe were put under a hurricane warning.

In the night, many watches and warnings were stopped. At 1500 UTC September 15, Dominican Republic from Cabrera to Cabo Engano were put under a hurricane watch as Marilyn approached. During the night of September 16, all active watches and warnings were stopped. At close to the same time, a new Hurricane watch was released for Turks and Caicos and Mayaguana, Acklins, and the Crooked Islands of the southeastern Bahamas. This warning was removed within 48 hours. At 1500 UTC September 18, Bermuda went under a Tropical Storm Watch, which was upgraded to a warning in six hours. The warning was removed on September 19.

The 250,000 people living in the Barbados spent the night of September 13 in shelters.

Marilyn caused a lot of damage and 13 deaths in the United States Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. Rainfall on land was anywhere from 4 to 7 inches.

Rainfalls over 12-hours in Guadeloupe were up to in Saint-Claude, 19.09 inches in Guillard-Basse-Terre and 17.63 in Gaba. The highest wind gust reported in Guadeloupe was 84 mph in Marie-Galante. The next ones were in Raizet and in Desirade. The highest sustained winds reported in Guadeloupe was in Marie-Galante.
Minimal pressure recorded at 989 mb (29.20 In Hg) in Basse-Terre.

Marilyn was one of the three cyclones that affected the region in 1995 after Tropical Storm Iris and Hurricane Luis.

The highest wind speed left by Marilyn after passing over the island of St. Croix was . The highest rainfalls reported were in Annually, 9.96 inches in Red Hook Bay and 5.25 in Granard. The highest storm surge reported was in St. Thomas and in St. Croix. According to NOAA, The storm surge in the U.S. Virgin Islands reached 6 to , with an isolated storm tide of reported on St. Croix. Rainfall totals reached about 10 inches in St. Croix and St. Thomas.

The highest reported gusts were in a Noncommissioned Automated Surface Observing System and gusts in Sailboat Puffin at Green Cay. The highest sustained winds were in a Noncommissioned Automated Surface Observing System.
Marilyn was the cause of seven deaths, most due to drowning on boats. Ten thousand people were left homeless on St. Thomas. Most buildings sustained some damage.

The island of St. Thomas was the hardest hit by the storm, where about 80% of the homes and businesses were destroyed, including a hospital and the water purification plant. Five people were killed. Elsewhere in the territory, there was severe damage on St. Croix and St. John.

President Bill Clinton made the U.S. Virgin Islands a federal disaster area, making it available to federal aid.

The highest rainfalls in Puerto Rico from Hurricane Marilyn were , and the greatest gusts reported were in Culebra. Marilyn passed over the islands of Vieques and Culebra, where it caused much damage.

There were reports of broad flash flooding across northern and eastern Puerto Rico. One person was killed in Culebra. President Bill Clinton declared Puerto Rico a federal disaster area, making it available to federal aid.

100 homes on Culebra Island were destroyed by Marilyn. Another two hundred homes on the island were damaged.

The highest reported wind gust in Antigua was . The Antigua Meteorological Service reported that the island had broad flooding and damage to banana trees. The other damage reported was from the wind.

Bermuda reported sustained winds of 45 mph and a highest gust of . Antigua reported sustained winds of . In St. Maarten, sustained winds were 42½ mph and the peak gust was . Rainfalls in St. Maarten peaked at 3.35 inches in an unknown location. "The New York Times" reported that the British Virgin Islands had little to no damage from Marilyn.

Relief supplies in the wake of Hurricane Marilyn were sent to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Officials of FEMA set up camps on the islands to give out food, water and shelter supplies.

80% of the homes on St. Thomas were destroyed or damaged. Also, 20 to 30% of businesses were destroyed. More than 2,100 federal agency personnel had been sent out to help out with the cleanup from Hurricane Marilyn. Four contracts were quickly accepted for immediate building repairs. Diving teams were sent to check for harbor damage and United States Navy Seabees started working on fixing public buildings. The airport in St. Thomas was open for flight using a mobile control tower. The St. Thomas hospital was open, but was running on generators.

The first FEMA Disaster Recovery Centers opened on 23 September on St. Thomas. A report indicated that by 11 October 1500 loans were granted for home repair, mostly for under $2500. Over 19,000 disaster housing applications were filed with over 2800 being accepted. About 5000 of 15,000 assigned inspections were completed. Over 7800 applications for Individual and Family Grants had been received and, of the 4,000 SBA loan applications filed, 43 had been approved for a total of $744,100 - an average loan of $17,300.

In all, Marilyn caused $1.5 billion (1995 USD) in damage, killing 13 people in its path.



Heath Slater

Heath Miller (born July 15, 1983 in Pineville, West Virginia) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for Impact Wrestling under the ring name Heath. He is also known for his time in the WWE where he wrestled under the ring name Heath Slater. He was a member of the stables 3MB and The Nexus.

Slater has won the WWE Tag Team Championship three times with Justin Gabriel. He also won a Slammy Award in 2010 for the debut of The Nexus. Slater's finishing move is the "Smash Hit" which is a spinning lifting DDT.


Tomáš Kaberle

Tomáš Kaberle (born March 2, 1978 in Rakovník, Czechoslovakia) is a former professional Czech ice hockey defenceman that played for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1998 to 2011, the Boston Bruins in 2011 and the Carolina Hurricanes in 2011. He was drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs with the 204th overall pick in the 2003 NHL Draft. He played in the Czech Extraliga for the HC Kladno where he played four seasons. He won the Stanley Cup with the Bruins on June 15, 2011 when the Bruins defeated the Vancouver Canucks in game 7 by a score of 4-0.


Margot Frank

Margot Betti Frank ( ) was the older sister of Anne Frank. She was born in Frankfurt and died of typhus in Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. According to the famous diary of her sister Anne, Margot was keeping a diary as well, but no trace of Margot's diary has ever been found. Quiet, polite Margot was very different from her energetic, friendly sister Anne. She was the elder daughter of Otto Frank (1889 – 1980), a German businessman, and Edith Frank-Holländer (1900 – 45). She was named after her mother's sister. According to Anne's diary, Margot wanted to be a midwife in Palestine.

On 13 March 1933, elections were held in Frankfurt, and Adolf Hitler's Nazi Party won. Acts of Antisemitism began almost immediately. The Franks were afraid of what might happen to them if they stayed in Germany. Therefore, later that year, Edith, Anne, and Margot went to Aachen. They stayed there with Edith's mother, Rosa Holländer. Otto remained in Frankfurt, but after getting an offer to start a company in Amsterdam, he moved there to begin the business and to find a place to live with his family. The Franks were included in the 300,000 Jews who ran away from Germany between 1933 and 1939.

Anne often felt jealousy about her sister, whom she thought was pretty, clever, and everyone's favorite, and Margot was not often mentioned in her diary. However, when the sisters went into hiding, they became closer towards each other. On 12 January 1944, Anne wrote, "Margot's much not nearly so catty these days and is becoming a real friend. She no longer thinks of me as a little baby who doesn't count." 

Anne and Margot Frank died February 1945.


The American (2010 movie)

The American is a 2010 American thriller-drama movie that was based on the novel "A Very Private Gentleman" by Martin Booth. The movie was directed by Anton Corbijn. The movie was shot and set in Abruzzo. The movie was released on September 1, 2010 and gained a mediocre response from critics.



Easy A

Easy A is an American teen comedy movie. It is set in Ojai, California. It was inspired by the novel "The Scarlet Letter" by Nathaniel Hawthorne. The movie was directed by Will Gluck and written by Gluck, Zane Devine and Mark Benton Johnson. The movie was released on September 17, 2010 in North America. The movie received positive reviews with Rotten Tomatoes giving the movie a 87% which is rated as "fresh" and Metacritic gave the movie a 72% out of 100.



Joe Flacco

Joseph Vincent Flacco (born January 16, 1985 in Audubon, New Jersey) is an American football starting quarterback. In 2008, he joined the Baltimore Ravens. Flacco was drafted out of the University of Delaware by the Baltimore Ravens with the 18th pick in the first round of the 2008 NFL Draft. Flacco threw for 2,971 yards, 14 touchdowns, and 12 interceptions while he started all 16 regular season games and became only the eighth rookie quarterback in NFL history to start a playoff game. He had repeated success in 2009 (21touchdowns, 12 interceptions) and 2010 (25 touchdowns, 10 interceptions), as well as 2009 (20 touchdown passes, 11 interceptions). He also has five career rushing touchdowns including the postseason. Flacco has gotten Baltimore to the playoffs in his first four NFL seasons; he is the first quarterback in league history to do so. Flacco is known for a strong arm and quiet personality.

Flacco led the Ravens to a 34-31 win against the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl XLVII. He was also named the Super Bowl MVP of the game.

He was traded to Denver for a fourth round pick in the NFL Draft.


Troy Smith

Troy Smith (born July 20, 1984 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American former professional football quarterback. He played for 3 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, San Francisco 49ers, and Pittsburgh Steelers. He also played for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League (CFL) and the Omaha Nighthawks of the United Football League (UFL). Smith was drafted out of the Ohio State University by the Baltimore Ravens with the 174th pick in the fifth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. 

On October 16, 2014, the Alouettes released Smith. He retired afterwards.


Kyle Boller

Kyle Bryan Boller (born June 17, 1981 in Burbank, California) is an American former football quarterback. He played for parts of 8 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, St. Louis Rams, and Oakland Raiders. Boller was drafted out of the University of California by the Baltimore Ravens with the 19th pick in the first round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He also played for the St. Louis Rams in 2009. Boller has been considered a professional bust, as his success with any of his NFL teams was very limited, unlike his college football career. 

Boller is married to former Miss California, Carrie Prejean.

On July 27, 2012, Boller signed a deal with the San Diego Chargers. However, he didn't play for them and retired the next day.


St Albans Cathedral

St Albans Cathedral (formerly St Albans Abbey) is an Anglican church in St Albans, Hertfordshire. At , its nave is the longest of any cathedral in England. Much of its architecture dates from Norman times. It became a cathedral in 1877. Local residents often call it "the Abbey", though the cathedral is only the church of the old Benedictine abbey.

The church is legally a cathedral. However, it differs in certain ways from most of the other cathedrals in England. It is also used as a parish church, of which the Dean is rector. He has the same powers, responsibilities, and duties as the rector of any other parish.

Alban was a pagan living in the Roman city of Verulamium. Verulamium is where St Albans is now, in Hertfordshire, England, about north of London along Watling Street. 

Before Christianity became the official religion of the Roman Empire, local Christians were being persecuted by the Romans. Alban sheltered their priest, Amphibalus, in his home and was converted to the Christian faith by him. When the soldiers came to Alban's house looking for the priest, Alban exchanged cloaks with the priest and let himself be arrested in his stead. Alban was taken before the magistrate, where he avowed his new Christian faith and was condemned for it. He was beheaded, according to legend, on the spot where the cathedral named for him now stands.

The date of Alban's execution is a matter of some debate, and is generally given as "circa" 250–scholars suggest dates of 209, 254 or 304. The Tomb of St Amphibalus is also in the Cathedral.

Much of the current layout and proportions of the structure date from the first Norman abbot, Paul of Caen (1077–1093). The 14th Abbot, he was appointed by the new Archbishop of Canterbury, Lanfranc.

The cruciform (cross shaped) abbey was the largest built in England at that time. The Norman Robert the Mason gave attention to laying a solid foundation. There is a wall of layered bricks, flints and mortar below. This puts the foundations down to twelve feet to hit bedrock. Below the crossing tower special large stones were used.

The tower was a particular triumph–it is the only 11th century great crossing tower still standing in England. Robert began with special thick supporting walls and four massive brick piers. The four-level tower tapers at each stage with clasping buttresses on the three lower levels and circular buttresses on the fourth stage. The entire structure weighs 5,000 tons and is 144 feet high. The tower was probably topped with a Norman pyramidal roof; the current roof is flat. The original ringing chamber had five bells, but none of them has survived.

The monastic abbey was completed in 1089 but not consecrated until Holy Innocent's Day, 28 December 1115, by the Archbishop of Rouen. King Henry I attended as did many bishops and nobles.

A nunnery (Sopwell Priory) was founded nearby in 1140.

In the current structure the original Norman arches survive under the central tower and on the north side of the nave. The arches in the rest of the building are Gothic, following mediaeval rebuilding and extensions, and Victorian era restoration.

The abbey was extended in the 1190s by Abbot John de Cella (also known as John of Wallingford) (1195–1214). The Norman west front was rebuilt by Hugh de Goldclif. It was very costly but its rapid weathering and later alterations have removed all but fragments.

The St Albans Psalter ("circa" 1130–45) is the best known of a number of important Romanesque illuminated manuscripts produced in the Abbey scriptorium. Later, Matthew Paris, a monk at St Albans from 1217 until his death in 1259, was important as a chronicler and an artist. Eighteen of his manuscripts survive and are a rich source of contemporary information for historians.

Nicholas Breakspear was born near St Albans and went to school there. He applied to be admitted to the abbey as a novice, but was turned down. He eventually managed to be accepted into an abbey in France. In 1154 he was elected Pope Adrian IV, the only English Pope there has ever been. The head of the abbey was confirmed as the premier abbot in England, also in 1154.

Frank Marshall (movie producer)

Frank Wilton Marshall (born 13 September 1946) is an American movie producer and director.


Kathleen Kennedy (producer)

Kathleen K. Kennedy (born 5 June 1953) is an American movie producer. She is currently the president of Lucasfilm.


Sam Mercer

Sam Mercer is a movie producer of many Hollywood movies, including several projects directed by M. Night Shyamalan such as "Signs" and "The Sixth Sense", as well as other movies like "Van Helsing" and "Things We Lost in the Fire". His career started during the early 1980s as a location manager and later advanced to a producer and executive producer. He also produced the latest M. Night Shyamalan movies "The Happening" and "The Last Airbender".

Parish

A parish is the area which is served by a church. This term is used by these churches: Church of England and the Anglican Communion, Roman Catholic, the Eastern Orthodox Church, Lutheran churches, and some Methodist, and Presbyterian churches. The idea is that the local priest or minister is responsible for the 'souls' in the parish.

The term refers to a local church community or territory, including its main church building, and other property. The word 'parish' is also used more generally to refer to the collection of people who attend a particular church. In this usage, a parish minister is one who serves a congregation.

A parish is a subdivision of a diocese or 'see'. The diocese is headed by a Bishop.

Parishes were responsible under the English Poor Law for supporting the poor people of their parish. Charles Dickens described how this worked. The parish would employ a beadle who would manage the workhouse. This work was later taken over by the board of guardians, who were not part of the church.

In some countries a civil parish is an administrative area of local government. Usually they started as an church parish of the same name. In the course of time, perhaps with modified boundaries to better suit local government, the parish survives.

In the American state of Louisiana, a parish is an administration area similar to a county.

Kao Corporation

'

Kao was created in 1887 by Tomiro Nagase. It was created to manufacture toiletry soap. They were first known as . In 1940, they changed their name to . In 1985, they changed it again to Kao Corporation.

Monkfish

The monkfish ("Lophius piscatorius"), also known as the goosefish, is an angler from the genus "Lophius". It is also known as an angel shark. It lives in the Atlantic waters of North America. They have large mouths.


Nickelodeon Movies

Nickelodeon Movies is the motion picture production arm of children's cable channel Nickelodeon, originally launched on February 25, 1995.

45. "Good Burger 2" - Wednesday, November 22, 2023


In 1993, they wanted to release movies after "Rugrats" (planned for a fall 1994 release), "Doug" (planned for a spring 1995 release) and "Ren and Stimpy" (planned for a summer 1995 release), but all of those got cancelled and scrapped, didn't make movies until 1996, with the first film was "Harriet the Spy" on July 10, 1996, it’s latest release was "Good Burger 2" on November 22, 2023; with their next release being "Saving Bikini Bottom: The Sandy Cheeks Movie" on 2024.


Minotaur

The Minotaur (Greek: Μινώταυρος) is a mythical creature in Greek mythology. 

He is shown with the head and tail of a bull and the body of a man. He lived at the center of the Cretan Labyrinth the labyrinth was designed by Daedalus and his son Icarus at the instructions of King Minos of Crete. The Minotaur was eventually killed by the Athenian hero Theseus. 

The word minotaur derives from the Ancient Greek Μῑνώταυρος, a combination of the name Minos and the noun bull, which translated as The Bull of Minos. In Crete, the Minotaur was known by the name Asterion, a name shared with Minos' foster-father. 


Bruno Senna

Bruno Senna Lalli (born 15 October 1983 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian Formula One auto racing driver. He is the nephew of the late three-time Formula One world champion Ayrton Senna. His mother is Ayrton's sister, Viviane. His father, Flávio, died in a motorcycle crash in 1996. Bruno Senna wears a slightly modified version of his uncle's helmet.

On 25 August, 2011, Renault announced that Senna would replace Nick Heidfeld as the race driver.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Runnymede

Runnmede is a water-meadow in Surrey, England, 20 miles (32 km) west of London. The site is owned and managed by The National Trust, and runs alongside the River Thames. It is one of England's most visited tourist sites.

At Runnymede, King John sealed the Magna Carta in 1215. Over eight centuries later, the memorial for those of the Allied Air Forces who died in World War II was placed on Runnymede. The British memorial to John F. Kennedy was put there in 1965.

The name Runnymede may be derived from the Anglo-Saxon 'runieg' (regular meeting) and 'mede' (mead or meadow), describing a place in the meadows used to hold regular meetings. The Witan, the Saxon Council, was held from time to time at Runnymede during the reign of Alfred the Great. The Council met usually in the open air, a tradition that influenced the creation of the English Parliament in the 13th century.

Visitors reach the memorial by treading a steep path of irregular granite steps, intended to symbolise a pilgrimage. There are 50 steps in total. Each step is different to all others, with the entire flight made from 60,000 hand-cut granite blocks.

The landscape architect Geoffrey Jellicoe designed the garden; the sculptor Alan Collins designed and carved the stone inscription.
The round on which the memorial is situated was given as a gift to the United States by the British people. It is maintained by the Kennedy Memorial Trust, which also sponsors educational scholarships for British students to attend university in the United States.

In 1968, the 7-ton stone was damaged by a bomb during a time of demonstrations against the Vietnam War; it was later repaired by the sculptor.

Eoin Colfer

Eoin Colfer (born 14 May 1965) is an Irish author. He is most well known as the author of the "Artemis Fowl" books. Colfer was born in Wexford in Ireland and still lives there with his wife and children. 


"A series of books by several authors for young readers."





"The first five novels in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series were written by Douglas Adams. Colfer has written a sixth."


Donté Stallworth

Donté Lamar Stallworth (born November 10, 1980 in Sacramento, California) is an American former professional football wide receiver. He played parts of 10 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the New Orleans Saints, Philadelphia Eagles, New England Patriots, Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Ravens, and Washington Redskins. Stallworth was drafted out of the University of Tennessee by the New Orleans Saints with the 13th pick in the first round of the 2002 NFL Draft. In September 2014, "The Huffington Post" hired Stallworth to cover national security politics.

On March 14, 2009 Stallworth killed a man while driving drunk. He pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to 30 days in jail, 1,000 hours of community service, 2 years of house arrest, and 8 years probation. He was released from jail on July 10, 2009 and was not allowed to played football until the 2009 season and Super Bowl XLIV ended.


Ed Reed

Edward Earl Reed Jr. (born September 11, 1978 in St. Rose, Louisiana) is an American former professional football safety. He played 13 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, Houston Texans, and New York Jets. Reed was drafted out of the University of Miami by the Baltimore Ravens with the 24th pick in the first round of the 2002 NFL Draft.

Reed was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on August 3, 2019.

Reed grew up in Louisiana.

Reed played for the Miami Hurricanes as a free safety in college. He wore #20. 

Reed was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in 2002. He had seven interceptions in his first season. Reed also developed a talent for blocking punts. In 2004, Reed had what may have been his best career season. He intercepted nine passes, made one sack, had 358 total return yards, and scored twice. This earned Reed the NFL Defensive Player of the Year Award in 2004. One of his touchdowns was a record 106 yards after he intercepted a pass. That was an NFL record until Reed broke his own record in 2008 with a 107 yard interception return for a touchdown. In 2010, Reed intercepted nine passes even though he missed six games because of an injury. 

In his career (not counting postseason), Reed managed 547 tackles (455 alone), six sacks, a safety (A sack in the end zone. The team that makes the sack is awarded two points and the opposing drive stops.), 11 forced fumbles, a Ravens record 57 interceptions, and 12 career touchdowns. Reed has become a critical component on a feared Baltimore defense. He is sometimes referred to as the "Robin to the Batman." The "Batman" would be middle linebacker Ray Lewis, who played 16 great seasons on the Ravens. Reed won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.

On May 7, 2015, Reed signed a one-day contract with the Ravens and retired from playing professional football.

Reed started the Eye of the Hurricane Foundation, which helps recovery efforts in Reed's home state of Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina badly damaged the region in 2005.


Nelson Pyatt

Frederick Nelson Pyatt (born September 9, 1953) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Pyatt was born in Port Arthur, Ontario. Drafted in 1973 by both the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League and the Minnesota Fighting Saints of the World Hockey Association, Pyatt also played for the Washington Capitals and Colorado Rockies.

He is the father of Jesse and former NHL players Tom and Taylor Pyatt.


Twyford Bathrooms

Twyford Bathrooms is a porcelain sanitary company founded in 1849, headquartered in Alsager, UK. Its core product is toilets however they also make bathroom fixtures and plumbing supplies. In 2010 it was announced that the company would have its headquarters based outside the UK and also some of its factories. 


Adrian Sutil

Adrian Sutil (born January 11, 1983 in Starnberg, Germany) is a German Formula One auto racing driver. He is the son of professional musicians Monika, a German, and Jorge, a Uruguayan. He has two brothers named Daniel and Raphael. A talented pianist, Sutil started karting at 14 before moving up to Swiss Formula Ford 1800 in 2002. He won all ten rounds of the season from pole and added five wins in the Formula Masters Austria championship. Sutil speaks fluent German, English, Spanish and a little Italian. 

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Sean Pronger

Sean James Pronger (born November 30, 1972 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey player who grew up in Dryden, Ontario, and has played in the National Hockey League for the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, Pittsburgh Penguins, New York Rangers, Los Angeles Kings, Boston Bruins, Columbus Blue Jackets and the Vancouver Canucks. He was drafted 51st overall by Vancouver and played in 260 regular season games, scoring 23 goals and 36 assists for 59 points, picking up 159 penalty minutes. He is also the brother of defenceman Chris Pronger.

Fred Rosser

Frederick "Fred" Rosser (born November 2, 1983) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW). He is also known for him time in WWE where he wrestled as Darren Young and was one half of the tag team, The Prime Time Players with Titus O'Neil.

He was in the first season of "WWE NXT" in early 2010. He was a part of The Nexus when they debuted on the June 7th Raw, but was kicked out after he lost a match against John Cena and was attacked by the rest of the Nexus.

Before signing with WWE, Sampson wrestled under several ring names, including Frederick of Hollywood, Fred Rosser, and "Bonecrusher" Fred Sampson. He has competed in Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic independent promotions including Chaotic Wrestling, East Coast Wrestling Association, Independent Wrestling Federation and the National Wrestling Alliance.

On August 15, 2013, he announced during a TMZ interview that he was gay. In doing this, Young became the first WWE performer to disclose that he is gay while still actively signed with a major promotion. WWE released a statement in support of Young and fellow wrestlers tweeted their support for him.

On September 4, 2020, Rosser made his debut for New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) on an episode of "Strong". He teamed with Alex Zayne and they beat The DKC and Clark Connors.




Trevor Letowski

Trevor Letowski (born April 5, 1977 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger who played in the National Hockey League with the Phoenix Coyotes, Vancouver Canucks, Columbus Blue Jackets and the Carolina Hurricanes.

Fred Brathwaite

Fredrick Brathwaite (born November 24, 1972) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He played parts of 9 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Edmonton Oilers, Calgary Flames, St. Louis Blues and Columbus Blue Jackets. He also played for the Ak Bars Kazan of the Russian Superleague (RSL), as well as Avangard Omsk and Adler Mannheim of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).

Brathwaite was named Deutsche Eishockey Liga MVP in 2009.


Prescott Burgess

Prescott Ennis Burgess (born March 6, 1984 in Warren, Ohio) is an American former professional football linebacker. He played parts of 4 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens and New England Patriots. Burgess was drafted out of the University of Michigan by the Baltimore Ravens with the 207th pick in the sixth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. Burgess has played for the Baltimore Ravens from 2007 to 2009, the New England Patriots in 2009, and the Ravens again from 2009 to 2011. He was released by the Ravens in 2011. He retired after being released.


Evacuation slide

An evacuation slide is an inflatable slide used to evacuate an aircraft quickly. An escape slide is required on all passenger-carrying aircraft if the door is too high for passengers to step down from the aircraft uninjured. Federal Aviation Administration requires slides on doors where the floor is or more above the ground.

Some slides are designed to act also as life rafts if the plane lands in the water.

Extended periodic table

Scientists are trying to make new chemical elements that do not exist yet. In this way, they will extend (lengthen) the periodic table. As of 2023, the element with the highest atomic number is oganesson, element 118. Scientists have tried to make atoms with higher atomic numbers, by smashing smaller atoms together. Scientists have also made predictions about how to make these atoms. There is probably a biggest possible atomic number for any atom. Atoms with a higher atomic number than this cannot exist. However, scientists are not sure what this number is.

The extended periodic table is a version of the periodic table that is longer than the normal one, making room for future synthetic elements. The inner transition metals are placed between Group 2 and Group 3 on the periodic table. On a normal periodic table, the inner transition metals are below Groups 2 and 3. 

Each of these predicted elements can be given a name. These names are based on the digits of the atomic number. They were set by Iupac, and come from Latin and Greek.
The chemical name and symbol come from these put together, followed by "ium" or "um". For example, element 138 is called "untrioctium" and has symbol Uto.

An element can also be named by "eka-" followed by the element above it in the periodic table. For example, ununennium can also be called "eka-francium".

Pekka Pykkö has predicted how atomic orbitals will fill up as atomic number increases. According to this model, element 172 should be the end of the row that starts with element 119.



Chris Columbus (filmmaker)

Chris Joseph Columbus (born September 10, 1958) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. His most successful movies are "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone", "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets", "Mrs. Doubtfire", and "Home Alone".

Columbus was born in Spangler, Pennsylvania and raised in Youngstown, Ohio. He is the son of Mary Irene (née Puskar) and Alex Michael Columbus. Columbus is of Italian and Czech descent. He graduated from John F. Kennedy High School in Warren, Ohio and from New York University's movie school at the Tisch School of the Arts.

Columbus worked as a screenwriter with Steven Spielberg's Amblin Productions, working on "Gremlins" (1984), "The Goonies" (1985) and "Young Sherlock Holmes" (1985). He wrote the first episodes of the animated series "Galaxy High" (1986) and later made his directorial debut with the teen comedy "Adventures in Babysitting" (1987) and "Heartbreak Hotel" (1988).

His directorial work includes "Home Alone" (1990), "Only the Lonely" (1991), "Home Alone 2: Lost in New York" (1992), "Mrs. Doubtfire" (1993), "Nine Months" (1995), "Stepmom" (1998), "Bicentennial Man" (1999), "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" (2001), "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" (2002), "Rent" (2005), "I Love You Beth Cooper" (2009) and "" (2010).

Columbus founded his production company named 1492 Pictures in 1995, intended as a play to Columbus's more famous namesake, Christopher Columbus.

The character types preferred by Columbus are the everyday American men, women and children who struggle to uphold family traditions against a changing, sometimes intimidating (scary) society. In 1993 he said: "I can understand the validity of showing people the ugliness of the world, but I also think there is a place for films to leave people with a sense of hope. If your movie isn't going to do that, I just don't think it's worth making."

Columbus married Monica Devereux in 1983, with whom he had four children: Eleanor, Violet, Brendan, and Isabella. Columbus lives in San Francisco's Pacific Heights, where his children attend or previously attended Saint Ignatius College Preparatory. He donated money to the school for a new building, which is named after him.

Columbus's daughter Eleanor appeared as the character Susan Bones in the two Potter movies he directed, making her one of only two Americans cast as students, along with cousin Robert Ayres (Boy in Study Hall #2 in his second "Harry Potter" movie). She also appeared as an infant in "Home Alone" with her grandmother and had a small cameo along with her father in "Home Alone 2: Lost in New York".

Two of his other children, Violet and Brendan, appeared in unnamed cameo roles in "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets". Chris and his son also have an uncredited cameo in "Rent".

Violet Columbus also appeared in "I Love You, Beth Cooper", singing "Forget Me" at the very beginning of graduation and the entire movie itself.

His wife Monica Devereux made a small appearance in "Home Alone" as the red-headed flight attendant, and in "Home Alone 2: Lost in New York" as the Plaza telephone operator.

His father-in-law appeared in "Home Alone" as a Chicago policeman who checks the McAllisters' home to see if Kevin is there.

Iron sulfide

Iron sulfide is the chemical compound FeS, a black solid. It is made of iron and sulfide ions. FeS has iron in its +2 oxidation state. It reacts with acids such as hydrochloric acid to make hydrogen sulfide gas.

In plural, "iron sulfides" may refer to a range of chemical compounds composed of iron and sulfur. For example to FeS (iron disulfide) found in the ground as the mineral pyrite. FeS is shiny like a metal and has a bright golden color. That's why it is sometimes called "fool's gold". 

By increasing order of stability: 

Iron sulfate

Iron sulfate may refer to either of these compounds:


Ferric

Ferric refers to chemical compounds containing iron in the +3 oxidation state. They are normally brown. Iron(III) oxide, also known as rust, is an example. They are oxidizing agents.


Jaime Alguersuari

Jaime Víctor Alguersuari Escudero (born March 23, 1990 in Barcelona), is a Spanish racing driver. He became the youngest Formula One driver in history at the Hungarian Grand Prix. He was 19 years, 4 months, and 3 days old. Alguersuari is the first driver born in the 1990s to compete in Formula One.

 Season in progress.<br>

 Season in progress.


Le'Ron McClain

Le'Ron McClain (born December 27, 1984, named pronounced Lay-ron, as in lake) is an American former professional football fullback. He played for 7 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens, Kansas City Chiefs, and San Diego Chargers. He was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the fourth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Alabama. McClain spent the 2011 season with the Kansas City Chiefs. McClain has worn jersey numbers 37, 33, and 44 in his football career.

He played high school football at Tuscaloosa County High School. 

McClain played fullback in college football for the University of Alabama during the 2003-2006 college seasons, wearing #33.

McClain was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the 4th Round (137 overall) in the 2007 NFL Draft. McClain wore #37 as a rookie in 2007. He mostly blocked that year, but caught a receiving touchdown in a loss to the San Diego Chargers, who were actually McClain's future team.

In 2008, McClain was part of a "3-Headed Monster" that also included Ray Rice and Willis McGahee. McClain's role was larger that year. His best moment was probably when he ran for an 82-yard touchdown to seal a win against the Dallas Cowboys in Week 16, in the last game ever at Texas Stadium. McClain finished the year with 232 attempts, 902 rushing yards, and 11 total touchdowns as he was used more as a runningback.

McClain was used more as a fullback again during his last two seasons in Baltimore. McClain made it clear he wanted more carries, even selling t-shirts to campaign.

McClain signed with the Kansas City Chiefs. With the Chiefs, McClain hoped to become a featured ball carrier. However, he had only 15 rushing attempts for 51 yards and two total touchdowns.

McClain signed with the San Diego Chargers for the 2012 NFL season.


Willis McGahee

Willis Andrew McGahee, III (born October 21, 1981) is a former American football running back. He played college football for the University of Miami, and was recognized as an All-American. He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the first round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He also played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Baltimore Ravens, Denver Broncos and Cleveland Browns.

McGahee was born in Miami, Florida. He attended Miami Central High School, and played for the Miami Central Rockets high school football team. 

McGahee played college football as a runningback for the Miami Hurricanes. He had 2,067 career rushing yards on 349 carries (5.9 avg.) for 31 touchdowns, which ranked 5th on school’s all time records list. He also caught 25 passes caught for 355 yards on a 13.1 average.

McGahee was drafted by the Buffalo Bills with the 23rd pick in the 2003 NFL Draft. McGahee did not play at all in his first season. This was because McGahee was only a rookie, was dealing with injuries, and Travis Henry was already a starter. However, McGahee passed 1,000 yards the next two seasons and scored 13 total times in 2004. In 2006, McGahee's rushing total dropped to 990 yards on 259 carries, plus six touchdowns. He wore #21.

The Bills traded McGahee to the Baltimore Ravens. McGahee was voted to his only Pro Bowl in 2007 for Baltimore after rushing for 1,207 yards on 294 carries and eight total touchdowns. However, the Ravens missed the playoffs on a 5-11 mark. McGahee was about the only offensive brightspot for the Ravens that year, wearing #23.

In 2008, McGahee struggled with injuries. His statistics dropped to 170 attempts, 671 yards, and 7 scores, including a 77 yard touchdown to help win a game against the Dallas Cowboys. He was carted off the field after colliding (hitting into) Pittsburgh Steelers safety Ryan Clark in an AFC Championship loss.

McGahee's playing time was limited by Ray Rice and Le'Ron McClain in 2009 and 2010. 

On July 26, 2011, McGahee (and Kelly Gregg, Derrick Mason, and Todd Heap) were released to help give younger players a chance and save salary cap space.

McGahee signed with the Denver Broncos. He rushed for 249 yards, 1,999 yards, and five total touchdowns for Denver.

In 2014, McGahee played for the Cleveland Browns.



Lucas di Grassi

Lucas Tucci di Grassi (born 11 August 1984 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian Formula One racing driver. He finished as runner-up to Timo Glock in the 2007 GP2 Series season. He is now one of the race drivers for the new Formula One team Virgin Racing in 2010, alongside his former rival Glock.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Horrorcore

Horrorcore is a type of Hip Hop and rap music that is inspired by horror themed lyrics and horrifying fashion design, Rappers who perform horrorcore can dress in horrific ways or look aggressive or serious or mad and angry. Some popular horrorcore artists are Insane Clown Posse, Hopsin, Twiztid, Necro and Tech N9ne.

Some of the things that horrorcore artist like to talk about are murder, suicide, satanism, self-harm, cannibalism and torture.


Stephen Lynch (musician)

Stephen Andrew Lynch (born July 28, 1971 in Abington, Pennsylvania) is an American comedian, musician, and actor. He is best known for songs that make fun of pop culture and are a satirical commentary on daily life. 

After graduating from Western Michigan University in 1993 with a BA in Drama, Lynch moved to New York City in 1996 to try to act full time. During this time, he also began writing comedic songs and performing the songs in comedy clubs and other places. In 2000, he signed a recording contract with What Are Records?. He later signed with by Vision International in 2002 and began touring all over the United States. Places where he performed include The House of Blues, The Town Hall and the Kennedy Center. 

Lynch has released three comedy albums. They are "A Little Bit Special" (October, 2000), "Superhero" (January, 2003), and "The Craig Machine" (October, 2005). He has also released a live show on DVD, "Live at the El Ray" (September, 2004). 

As he became more well known, Lynch began making appearances on many television programs. These include Comedy Central’s "Premium Blend", "The World Comedy Tour", "The World Stands Up", and "Last Call with Carson Daly". In 2000, he did his "Comedy Central Presents" special. It was one of the highest rated programs in the network’s history. Lynch has also opened for many well-known comedians. These include Jay Mohr, Jeff Foxworthy and Lewis Black. He also co-headlined a tour with Mitch Hedberg in 2004.

Lynch has had parts in five movies, including "The Love Seat" (1999) and "The Confetti Brothers" (2001). In 2006, he debuted on Broadway in the musical "The Wedding Singer" as the main character Robbie Hart. For this, he was nominated for a Tony Award. 

After his Broadway tour, Lynch returned to comedy. He toured as part of the "Opie and Anthony" Traveling Virus Comedy Tour 2007”. Lynch’s international following led him to headlining a European tour in 2008. He played in Sweden, Norway, Holland, Finland, Scotland, England and Germany. 


Helm of Darkness

The Helm of Darkness or Cap of Invisibility. in Greek mythology, is a helmet that makes the person wearing it invisible. It is also called the Cap of Hades or Helm of Hades. It was said to be used by the goddess of wisdom, Athena, the messenger god, Hermes, and Perseus. 

According to mythology, it was made by the Cyclops. They had made a lightning bolt for Zeus, a trident for Poseidon, and the Helm of Darkness for Hades.

hades is the god of the underworld and jewelry. 

Nico Rosberg

Nico Rosberg (born 27 June 1985 in Wiesbaden, West Germany) is a racing driver for the Mercedes GP Formula One team. He races under the German flag in Formula One. Earlier in his career, he competed for Finland. He holds dual nationality of these two countries. Nico is the son of Finnish Formula One World Champion Keke Rosberg.

Rosberg won the 2005 GP2 Series for the ART team. Before that, he raced in Formula Three Euroseries for his father's team. Rosberg joined the Mercedes team for the season. Ahead 2016 Singapore Grand Prix, Rosberg annocuned his retirements after 2016 season. He replaced to Valtteri Bottas sign Mercedes, He replaced from Lewis Hamilton in qualifying session on 2017 Jerez Grand Prix after Hamilton's injured due to crash during FP3 sessions.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Nico Hülkenberg

Nicolas "Nico" Hülkenberg (born 19 August 1987 in Emmerich am Rhein, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German racing driver. He races in Formula One for Williams. He won the 2009 GP2 Series championship. He is a past champion in Formula Three Euroseries and the A1 Grand Prix, as part of A1 Team Germany. He is one of three drivers to win the GP2 series championship in his first season. The other two are Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg.

Hülkenberg earned his first pole position at the Brazilian Grand Prix. His lap time was over one second faster than second place Sebastian Vettel on a drying circuit. It was the first pole for Williams in 100 races, since the European Grand Prix.

After the Abu Dhabi GP, it was announced that Hülkenberg would not race for Williams in 2011. For the season, he is the third driver for the Force India team.

 Season in progress.

() (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in "italics" indicate fastest lap) 


Diocese

A diocese is an area of land under the charge of a bishop. He looks after the religious needs of the Christians who live there. The bishop organises the work of the Church in the area, and is responsible for all the ministers (priests) in his area. Another word for diocese is see, or even 'episcopal see'.

The diocese is the key geographical unit of religious authority in the church. Archbishops have an archdiocese. Inside each diocese are a number of parishes. Each parish is the area supervised by a local priest, and is part of the diocese.

As the Western Roman Empire fell during the 5th and 6th centuries the bishops of the Church took over many of the administrative roles of the former Roman prefects. The areas of ecclesiastical administration always coincided with those of the Roman civil administration. 

A thousand years later, the Ottoman Empire conquered the Eastern Roman, or Byzantine Empire. The eastern bishops then continued as the Roman civil structure was stripped away. Many an ancient diocese, though later divided among several dioceses, preserved the boundaries of a long-vanished Roman administrative division.

Peugeot 306

The Peugeot 306 is a car produced by Peugeot. It replaced the Peugeot 309 in early 1993 with 3 and 5-door hatchbacks. In 1994, saloon and cabriolet versions were added. It was facelifted in May 1997 with an estate version added and got another update in 1999. In June 2001, it was replaced by the Peugeot 307 although estate and cabriolet models were made until 2002. 



Battlefield: Bad Company 2

Battlefield: Bad Company 2 is a first-person shooter video game. It was developed by EA Digital Illusions CE and published by Electronic Arts. It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. The game is part of the Battlefield series.

The game has received very good reviews from game critics.

Ammonium dichromate

Ammonium dichromate is a chemical compound. It is composed of ammonium and dichromate ions. Its chemical formula is (NH)CrO. It is a reddish crystalline solid. It is a weak acid. It is a strong oxidizing agent and can explode when heated in a closed container. This is because ammonium is a weak reducing agent, making a redox reaction. It is used in volcano demonstrations. It is poisonous because it contains dichromate, which is similar to chromate. It is a carcinogen. It is used in oxidation reactions. It is made by reacting chromic acid and ammonium hydroxide.


Potassium dichromate

Potassium dichromate is a chemical compound. It contains potassium and dichromate ions. It has a chemical formula of KCrO. The chromium is in its +6 oxidation state.

It is a bright red crystalline solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent in acidic conditions. It is poisonous because it contains dichromate, which is carcinogenic. It can be destroyed by reaction with reducing agents. It can be reduced to green chromium(III) compounds such as chromium(III) oxide. 

Potassium dichromate can be made by oxidation of potassium hydroxide and chromium(III) oxide. It can also be made by adding an acid to potassium chromate. 

It is very rarely found in the earth. It is only found in very dry areas. If it rains, it dissolves in the water and is washed away.

It is used as a reagent for many chemicals, such as alcohol. Some breath alcohol testers use this, and the red turns to green when there is alcohol in the breath. It can be used to make chromic acid, which is used to clean glass. It can be used in cement. It is used to tan leather. It can be used in photography and to test for certain metals. It can be used to treat wood.

Potassium dichromate is very irritating. It can cause cancer when the dust is inhaled. It is a strong oxidizing agent and can start fires. It can be reacted with iron(II) sulfate to detoxify (remove the toxicity of) it.


Reagent

A reagent is a chemical used to test for other chemicals. For example, potassium dichromate is used to test for alcohol, and nitric acid can be used to test for gold. Normally there is an obvious change, such as a color change or the formation of a solid substance. 


Chromic acid

Chromic acid is a chemical that comes in several forms. It is made by reacting chromates or dichromates with acids or by reacting chromium(VI) oxide with sulfuric acid. As its name shows, it is an acid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. When it is reduced, it turns green. It is used to oxidize many chemicals, such as alcohol. It is very toxic because it contains the chromate ion. It is either a reddish solution or red flakes. It is used to make chromyl chloride.


Chromium(VI) oxide

Chromium(VI) oxide, also known as chromium trioxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CrO.It has chromium in its +6 oxidation state. It also has oxide ions. It is a solid used in cleaning glass. Chromium-6 is odorless and tasteless.

It is a dark red crystalline solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It can ignite alcohol when it is mixed with it. It is very toxic and irritates skin. It is a stronger oxidizing agent than chromate. It dissolves in water to make chromic acid, which is acidic. It reacts with strong bases to make chromates. It gives off oxygen when heated and turns into chromium(III) oxide. 

It is normally made by reacting sodium chromate or potassium chromate with sulfuric acid. It can also be made by drying chromic acid. 

It is used to clean glass. It is also used to plate chromate on things. It reacts with metals to make a metal chromate which stops the metal from corroding. 

Chromium(VI) oxide is very toxic and irritating. It is a carcinogen and can cause mutations. It can be destroyed by reacting it with a reducing agent like ferrous sulfate. It is a dangerous hazard to the environment.


Chromyl chloride

Chromyl chloride, also known as chromium oxychloride is a chemical compound. It has the formula CrOCl. It is a red liquid. It is made by reacting hydrochloric acid with chromium(VI) oxide or potassium chromate. It is a strong oxidizing agent. When it is mixed with sulfur it oxidizes it. It is the result of a test for chloride. It is toxic because it contains chromium in its +6 oxidation state, and its fumes can irritate the eyes. It can also burn the skin and can cause cancer. It also contains some hydrochloric acid. It reacts with grease and some plastics.


Sodium iodide

Sodium iodide is a chemical compound. It is composed of sodium and iodide ions. The chemical formula is NaI. It is a white crystalline solid. It is a weak reducing agent. When it is exposed to oxygen in the air, it turns yellow-brown. It does this because some of the iodide was oxidized to iodine. It is used to supply iodine to the human body. 


Sodium fluoride

Sodium fluoride is a chemical compound. It is made of sodium and fluoride ions. Its chemical formula is NaF. It tastes bitter and is toxic. It is made by reacting hydrofluoric acid with sodium hydroxide. It is used in toothpaste to prevent tooth decay. It is a white crystalline solid.


Todd Heap

Todd Benjamin Heap (born March 16, 1980 in Mesa, Arizona) is an American former football tight end. He played a total of 12 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens and Arizona Cardinals. Heap was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens out of Arizona State with the 31st pick in the first round of the 2001 NFL Draft. 

Heap wore #80 while playing college football and #86 as a professional. With Baltimore, Heap was known for his quiet personality. Heap's NFL career with the Ravens and Cardinals has been plagued by injuries. He has missed portions of most of his NFL seasons and huge parts of the 2004, 2007, and 2011 NFL seasons. However, he is the Ravens second all-time leader in receptions (the Ravens offense struggled much during Heap's stay there, and Heap was often the primary receiver), and all-time leader in yards and touchdowns. He was released by the Ravens in the 2011 offseason, and signed with the Cardinals, where he struggled to produce. Heap has also taken a number of big hits. He has been greatly popular with the Ravens fan base.

Heap retired from playing professional football in 2013. On May 13, 2014, the Ravens inducted Heap into their Ring of Honor.

He is married to Ashley and they had five children. On April 14, 2017, Heap accidently killed his daughter Holly Alivia when he ran her over in his driveway while moving his truck. Heap created the Hugs from Holly campaign in her honor.


List of governors of Alabama

This is list of the governors of U.S. state Alabama

Notes

Volkswagen Tiguan

The Volkswagen Tiguan is an SUV produced by Volkswagen since 2007.


Obaman oppivuosi

Obaman oppivuosi - Amerikan idoli putosi maanpinnalle () is a 245-page book written by University of Arizona professor and former Finnish foreign minister Keijo Korhonen. The book is about Barack Obama, the 44th president of United States, and his first year as President. It was published by WSOY in 2010.

Rover 25

The Rover 25 is a car produced by Rover. It replaced the Rover 200 Series in late 1999 and received a sporty version in 2001 with the MG ZR. It was facelifted in 2004 and was produced until 2005 with the collapse of MG Rover. 


SEAT Toledo

The SEAT Toledo is a car produced by SEAT in four generations from 1991 to 2019. 








Alfa Romeo 145

The Alfa Romeo 145 is a car produced by Alfa Romeo. It replaced the Alfa Romeo 33 in 1994, and were replaced by the Alfa Romeo 147 in 2000.



Renault Safrane

The Renault Safrane was a car produced by Renault. It replaced the Renault 25 in 1992, facelifted in 1995 and was produced until 1998. It was replaced by the Renault Vel Satis in 2000.



Renault 21

The Renault 21 is a car produced by Renault. It replaced the Renault 18 in 1986, facelifted in 1989 with a hatchback model added and were replaced by the Renault Laguna in 1994. The Nevada station wagon continues until 1995.



Rover 45

The Rover 45 is a car produced by Rover. It replaced the Rover 400 Series in late 1999 and received a sporty version called the MG ZS in 2001. It was facelifted in 2004 and was produced until 2005 when MG Rover collapsed. 


Derrick Mason

Derrick James Mason (born January 17, 1974 in Detroit, Michigan is a former American football wide receiver and returner. He played college football for Michigan State University. He never won a Super Bowl. Mason was known for his work ethnic (motivation), but sometimes took it too far when he did not receive the ball, like he sometimes did with Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco.

In the National Football League, Mason was drafted by the Tennessee Titans in 1997. He played as a returner and wideout and helped Tennessee to a Super Bowl XXXIV appearance. Before the 2005 season, Mason signed with the Baltimore Ravens. With Baltimore, Mason became a very successful veteran receiver. He is their all-time leading wideout.

In 2011 however, the Ravens released Mason. Mason spent portions of 2011 with the New York Jets and Houston Texans, where there was more controversy (arguments, etc.) He announced that he was going to retire from professional football after he signed a 1-day contract with Baltimore Ravens on June 11, 2012.


John Madden

John Earl Madden (April 10, 1936 – December 28, 2021) was an American football player, broadcaster, and commentator. He was the coach of the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL) for 10 years. After retiring from coaching, he became a well-known color commentator for NFL telecasts.

Madden never had a losing season. As head coach his teams won seven division titles and one Super Bowl. He used his commentary on many football games, including the long-running "Madden NFL" video game series since 1988. He is also known for his award-winning play, "The Bootleg."

Madden was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He worked as a color analyst for all four major networks: CBS (1979–1993), Fox (1994–2001), ABC (2002–2005), and NBC (2006–2009). Madden wrote several books. He was a commercial pitchman for various products and retailers. He retired from broadcasting on April 16, 2009 to spend more time with his family.

Madden died on December 28, 2021 in Pleasanton, California, at the age of 85.

Medicine Hat

Medicine Hat is a town in the Canadian province of Alberta. In 2015, the city had 63018 people.

Massachusetts General Hospital

Massachusetts General Hospital is a hospital in the state of Massachusetts.

You're Cut Off!

You're Cut Off! is a VH1 TV reality show program that started airing on June 9, 2010. The show features nine spoiled young women who thought they were going to be in the series on a show called "The Good Life". Most of them are surprised instead to be told that their money due to their spoiled ways, will be asked to participate and pass an eight week rehabilitation series in order to be taken back, and that the series will enter this show.

"First aired June 9, 2010"

The nine spoiled women are shocked to learn that their families cut them off from their finances, and enrolled them into an eight-week rehabilitation program designed to teach them self-reliance and humility. After being instructed to downsize all their belongings they brought with them into a single duffel bag, they are brought to live in a comparatively modest house with limited space, no servants, and limited allowances for groceries and certain comforts that will be predicated on their performance in the program. Professional life coach Laura Baron, will be helping to guide them, and evaluate their progress, informing the women which of them have passed or failed each lesson.

"First aired June 16, 2010"

The girls are given the task of cleaning the house, but a few of them refuse, and show no deference to the maid who is provided show them how to clean. Laura then informs them that the maid is actually the head of a cleaning service which the girls must now work for while cleaning the house of Omarosa Manigault Newman. Laura later reveals the lesson was not about the cleaning but about respect. The concept of a VIP, or Very Improved Princess, is introduced, and awarded the hardest working girl with her own room and private bathroom as well as control over who will do what chores and the household budget.


"First aired June 23, 2010"

The women are first given the task of completing their chores in order to earn their $200 allowance for food. Gia, Chrissy, and Jessica refuse to do them, thus reducing the spending money to $125. After grocery shopping, the girls meet with Sam Saboura, a top celebrity stylist to learn how to spend on a budget. The girls are first tested to see if they can tell the difference between expensive items and their cheap but identical-looking counterparts, with some surprising results. 
This is the prelude to their lesson, which is to create three looks made from clothes bought in a thrift store for only $300. Then they have a fashion show and show celebrity judges.


"First Aired June 28, 2010"

The women must write their a resumes for a job interview, though Gia refuses both. The women are assigned to work at a Matisse Footwear warehouse, managing inventory, doing office work, etc. Chrissy, however, misses the shuttle to the task because she insists on doing her hair and makeup on her own timetable. Erica is made the manager at the job site, but Gia persistently excoriates her when Erica appears to supervise, including after Erica takes the boss' advice to try a positive reinforcement, and when the boss tries to intervene, Gia quits. The girls who earned their $70 for the day are treated to a spa afternoon, except Chrissy who did not earn a paycheck. Gia earned $50 for a partial day's work. When Erica is made VIP for her performance, an outraged Gia storms out of the house.


"First Aired July 5, 2010"

The women are brought to a Buddhist temple, where they exposed to the monk's philosophies regarding inner beauty, though Chrissy and Jessica are resistant to participate. To further illustrate this lesson, Laura has the women do a photoshoot, and then another without elegant clothes or makeup. Gia has an emotionally revelatory moment with Laura. Chrissy is more resistant, and challenges Laura's authority, refusing to continue at one point. She later shows up to a meeting with Laura, and refuses to cooperate with her, forcing Laura to expel her from the program. Gia is made VIP.


"First Aired July 12, 2010"

Gia uses her position as VIP for her benefit, assigning two chores to Pamela, whom she has grown to dislike, and using the grocery money to buy herself a birthday cake, refusing to get any of the items requested by Erica, Pamela or Jacqueline. The women are then sent on a camping trip to learn how to enjoy themselves on a budget, but Gia, Jacqueline, Pamela, Erica, and Jessica get into a fight with each other. At home, the fights between the girls escalated. At the group session, Gia openly admits she exploited her privileges, and that she has no regard for the others' feelings. Laura fails Gia, Erica, Jessica and Jacqueline for their behavior, and does not name a VIP because the overall lack of improvement among the group, informing them that their chances of graduation are in question.


"First Aired July 19, 2010"

The women go to PATH (People Assisting The Homeless). PATH is a charity championed by former Destiny's Child singer Michelle Williams that helps feed the homeless. The women are assigned to cook, feed and interact with PATH's beneficiaries, but Gia complained. However, she did participate in the challenge by cooking and serving food. She is later touched by one person's story, and offers him a job at her restaurant. Back at home, Laura informs them that they will have the rest of the belongings that they had to leave behind in the season premiere returned to them, but that they will sell them at a charity sale for PATH. She also stated that the team that sold the most items will win the challenge. The winners would be given a prize. The prize was a lunch date with Michelle Williams. Gia gave up her hookah. The team of Jessica, Gia, Leanne, and Amber win by having $36 more dollars. Gia later opens up to Courtnee about her life. Courtnee is named V.I.P.

"First Aired July 26, 2010"


Casting has begun for a second season.



Life After Life

Life After Life is a 1975 book written by psychiatrist Raymond Moody. The book presents the author's account of what it is like to die. 

"Life After Life" sold more than 13 million copies and became an international best seller which made the subject of near death experiences popular, and opened the way for many other studies. 

Moody wrote a second book, "Reflections on Life After Life", in 1977.


Raymond Moody

Raymond Moody (born June 30, 1944) is a psychologist and medical doctor. He has written books about near death experiences (NDEs), a term that he coined in 1975. His best-selling book is "Life After Life".


Golden, British Columbia

Golden is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia and is nicknamed "Kicking Horse Country".

Golden was first known as The Cache and Kicking Horse Flats.

Frederick W Aylmer heard about a development west of Banff, Alberta being called "Silver City", thought to call this community Golden City. "City" was dropped when the CPR arrived in 1885.

The current mayor of Golden is Christina Benty. The mayor in 2009, Aman Virk died suddenly of a surpise heart attack while vacationing in India.

The population is 3,811 from the 2006 census.

Golden is home to the longest freestanding timber frame bridge in Canada called the "Kicking Horse Pedestrian Bridge".

NHL player Doug Barrault was born in Golden.


Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands

Saint Croix (; ; ) is an island in the Caribbean Sea. It is a county and a district of the United States Virgin Islands. It is the largest of the U.S. Virgin Islands.

Taryn Terrell

Taryn Nicole Terrell (born December 20, 1984) is an American referee, actress and stuntwoman, and former professional wrestler. She is best known for her time in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). She is also known for her time with the WWE, where she competed under the ring name Tiffany.

On August 13, 2010, it was reported that she had been suspended by the WWE after she was involved in an incident which involved her real-life husband, Drew McIntyre. She could return from her suspension, the WWE released her from her contract on November 19, 2010.



The Usos

The Usos (born August 22, 1985) were a professional wrestling tag team consisting of identical twin brothers Jimmy and Jey Uso. They are signed to the WWE. Jey Uso is on Raw brand and Jimmy Uso is on Smackdown Brand 

Jimmy (real name Jonathan Solofa Fatu) and Jey (real name Joshua Samuel Fatu) are the twin sons of Solofa Fatu, better known as Rikishi, and are part of the Anoa'i family.








Saint Vincent

Saint Vincent may refer to:









City for Conquest

City for Conquest is a 1940 boxing-drama movie that is produced by William Cagney, Anatole Litvak and Hal B. Wallis who was uncredited and was directed by Anatole Litvak and Jean Negulesco who was uncredited.

The movie based on the novel "City for Conquest" by Aben Kandel and is about truck driver, Danny Kenny (James Cagney), who starts as a New York boxing contender. His girlfriend, Peggy is played by Ann Sheridan. Danny's brother, Eddie wants to become a professional musician and Danny decides to help him. Peggy falls in love with her dancing instructor and Danny proposes to her but she rejects him. Danny gets blinded in a fight with a boxer who put rosin dust on his gloves. Danny works as an operator for a newspaper stand and Peggy is sad when her dreams of a dancer are dashed. Eddie becomes a successful composer and dedicates his first major symphony at Carnegie Hall to Danny and Danny is listening to the concert on the radio from his newsstand.


"City of Conquest" gained positive reviews:



Hattie McDaniel

Hattie McDaniel (June 10, 1895 – October 26, 1952) was an American actress and singer. She was born in Wichita, Kansas. She made her movie debut in the 1932 movie, The Golden West. McDaniel is probably best known for her role as "Mammy" in the 1939 movie, Gone with the Wind where she won a Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress making her the first African-American to win a Academy Award.

McDaniel has two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, one for singing and one for acting.

McDaniel died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, on October 26, 1952 at age 57 from breast cancer.


Pedro de la Rosa

Pedro Martínez de la Rosa (born 24 February 1971, Barcelona) is an Spanish Formula One racing driver. He has driven in Formula One since 1999. 

For , de la Rosa was signed by the Sauber team to drive with teammate Kamui Kobayashi. After the Italian Grand Prix, Sauber announced that Nick Heidfeld had been signed to replace de la Rosa. Heidfeld drove for Sauber from to , and to . De la Rosa wishes Sauber well, and said, "I still intend to be in Formula One for 2011."

On 27 September, Pirelli announced that de la Rosa had been hired as their new test driver. He will replace Romain Grosjean. Grosjean filled in for Heidfeld when he left Pirelli to join Sauber.

After the Friday morning practice for the Canadian Grand Prix, Sergio Pérez became ill. He had received a concussion at the Monaco Grand Prix and was unable to race. Sauber announced that de la Rosa would replace Pérez for the remainder of the weekend.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


John Bellamy Foster

John Bellamy Foster (born August 19, 1953) is editor of the independent socialist magazine "Monthly Review" and professor of sociology at the University of Oregon in Eugene. His writings have focused on political economy, environmental sociology, and Marxist theory.

Foster's most recent book, "The Ecological Revolution: Making Peace with the Planet", examines the ecological crisis, and includes essays on global warming, peak oil, species extinction, world water shortages, global hunger, alternative energy sources, sustainable development, and environmental justice. Foster says that any attempt to solve our problems merely by technological, industrial or free market means, divorced from fundamental social relations, cannot succeed.

Sébastien Buemi

Sébastien Olivier Buemi (born October 31, 1988 in Aigle, Vaud) is a Swiss racing driver, who competes for Scuderia Toro Rosso in Formula One.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.



Boy with the Blues (EP)

Boy with the Blues is an album by the rock band Oasis. It was released in early July 2009 as an iTunes exclusive EP. It contained two songs not previously available on general release and also a remix of "(Get Off Your) High Horse Lady" from their album "Dig Out Your Soul".


The first two tracks were only available on the "Dig Out Your Soul" Deluxe Boxset Bonus Disc, while the third track had only been released as a listen only track on Oasisinet's Radio Supernova.

Vitaly Petrov

Vitaly Aleksandrovich Petrov (born September 8, 1984 in Vyborg) is a Russian Formula One driver for the Renault F1 team. He is known as "Vyborg Rocket" in Russia. By racing in the Bahrain Grand Prix, he is the first Russian driver to take part in the Formula One World Championship. He lives in Valencia, Spain.

 Season in progress.

 Did not finish, but was classified as he had completed more than 90% of the race distance.<br>


Chamomile

Chamomile ("KAM-ə-meel or KAM-ə-myl"), also known as camomile, is a plant from the genus "Anthemis". Its name comes from the Greek word "chamaimelon", meaning "ground apple", because of its smell. It has white or yellow flowers, and over 100 species. It can be used as a medicine or as tea. It has been shown to make rodents feel calmer, and helps make people less stressful. It is the national flower of Russia.

Sam Koch

Samuel David Koch ("Koch" is pronounced "Cook") (born August 13, 1982 in York, Nebraska) is an American former professional football punter. He played for 16 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played his entire NFL career with the Baltimore Ravens.

Koch was drafted out of the University of Nebraska–Lincoln by the Baltimore Ravens with the 203rd pick in the sixth round of the 2006 NFL Draft. Koch has had a good career, with an impressive 43.8 punting average. In a 2008 Week 16 win over the Dallas Cowboys, Koch has a critical fourth down run. In 2010, he passed to cornerback Cary Williams for a first down on another fake punt. Koch has also kicked occasionally in relief of Matt Stover. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31. During the end of the game, Koch scrambled in his own end zone and took an intentional safety to leave 4 seconds on the clock, he then booted a 60-yard free kick which Ted Ginn, Jr. returned for 31 yards but was tackled in the midfield as the time ran out.

On May 19, 2022, Koch announced that he was retiring from playing professional football. After he retired, Koch became a special teams consultant for the Ravens.


Vitantonio Liuzzi

Vitantonio "Tonio" Liuzzi (born 6 August 1981) is an Italian raceing driver. He was born in Locorotondo. He currently drives for the Hispania Formula One team. He has homes in Lugano, Switzerland and Pescara, Italy.

 Season in progress.<br>

 Season in progress.


Billy Cundiff

William A. "Billy" Cundiff (born March 30, 1980) is an American former professional football placekicker. He played parts of 13 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Dallas Cowboys, New Orleans Saints, Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Ravens, Washington Redskins, San Francisco 49ers, and Buffalo Bills. Cundiff played college football at Drake University and was also part of the Drake Bulldog's Men's Basketball team.


Kyle Richardson

Kyle Davis Richardson (born March 2, 1973 in Farmington, Missouri) is a retired American football punter who used to play for the Miami Dolphins, Seattle Seahawks, Baltimore Ravens, Minnesota Vikings, Philadelphia Eagles, Cincinnati Bengals, Cleveland Browns of the NFL. He was on the Baltimore Ravens championship team in 2000 when they won Super Bowl XXXV in 2000.

He now works as the vice president of sales & marketing for Caring One, a healthcare information services provider.


Book frontispiece

A frontispiece is a picture. It is in a book, on one of its front title pages. It is usually a big scene of the book, or a portrait of the writer. In older times, the picture of the writer was more often used. This was because it was less costly, and could be used again for the writer's other books. Frontispieces were often used in scholarly books and Bibles, and many are fine works of art.

Sakon Yamamoto

He was born in Toyohashi, Aichi Prefecture,

 Season in progress

 Season in progress.


Muscle atrophy

Muscle atrophy or “muscle wastage” is a medical problem where a person loses muscle tissue. This makes the person's muscles weaker. With muscle atrophy, muscles can shrink completely, or only partly.

Many older people have muscular atrophy. Muscle atrophy can also happen to people with certain diseases or medical conditions, like cancer, AIDS, congestive heart failure, Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and renal failure (where the kidneys do not work correctly). Muscles can get smaller and weaker when those muscles are not used as much as usual - for example, when a person has to wear a cast for a broken arm or leg, or when a person must be on bed rest for a long time during a long illness. Muscle atrophy can also be caused by Dejerine Sottas syndrome, cachexia, burns, liver failure, and starvation.
Muscular atrophy can cause serious problems in a person's life. As the person loses muscle strength, they will lose the ability to do more and more things. When they try to do things, they will be more likely to have accidents. Muscular atrophy increases the risks of falling.

No one knows exactly what causes muscular atrophy. It may be due to the gradual failure in the "satellite cells" which help to regenerate skeletal muscle fibres, and a decrease in sensitivity to or the availability of secreted growth factors which are necessary to maintain muscle mass and satellite cell survival.

In muscle atrophy, the normal balance between protein synthesis and protein degradation changes. There is a down-regulation of protein synthesis pathways, and an activation of protein breakdown pathways. In the ATP-dependent ubiquitin/proteasome pathway, particular proteins are targeted for destruction by the ligation of at least four copies of a small peptide called ubiquitin onto a substrate protein. The substrate is later targeted for destruction by the proteasome.

Muscle atrophy can be treated 

33rd Annie Awards

The 33rd Annual Annie Awards were held on 4 February 2006 at the Alex Theatre in Glendale, California. They were hosted by Tom Kenny.

Winners are highlighted in boldface.







Genesis Award

The Genesis Awards are awarded annually to major news and entertainment personalities and media for producing outstanding works which raise public understanding of animal issues. Presented by The Humane Society of the United States, the awards show takes place every March in Beverly Hills, California. The awards have honored such well-known personalities as Peter Gabriel, Jane Goodall, Peter Jennings, David E. Kelley, Sir Paul McCartney, Arthur Miller and Prince as well as journalists, film and documentary writers and producers, print and broadcast news outlets in the United States.

The Genesis award was launched in 1986, by animal advocate, actress and Broadway star Gretchen Wyler.


Karun Chandhok

Karun Chandhok (born 19 January 1984 in Chennai) is an Indian racing driver. In he began driving for the HRT F1 Team in Formula One. After the British race, HRT announced that Sakon Yamamoto would replace Chandhok at the German Grand Prix. 

Before Formula One, Chandhok won the Formula Asia championship in 2001, and he was the first Formula Asia V6 by Renault champion in 2006. He then drove in the GP2 Series for three years, winning two races.

 Season in progress.

 Season in progress.


Primetime Emmy Awards

The Primetime Emmy Awards are awards presented by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in recognition of excellence in American primetime television programming. First awarded in 1949, they were originally referred to as just the "Emmy Awards" until the first Daytime Emmy Award ceremonies were held in the 1970s, and the word "primetime" was added to disambiguate between the two.

Primetime Emmys are currently awarded in the following categories:

The Creative Arts Emmy Award are awarded in the following categories (some of which separately recognize work based on whether a single-camera and multi-camera setup was used):

A number of awards have been retired throughout the years, including some that have been replaced by similar award categories in the Daytime Emmys, Sports Emmys, and other areas of recognition.























Chromium oxide

Chromium oxide can refer to any of these compounds:



Chromium(II) oxide

Chromium(II) oxide is a chemical compound. It contains chromium in its +2 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is CrO. It reacts with oxygen when heated to produce chromium(III) oxide. It is a reducing agent. It is made by reduction of chromium(III) oxide by hypophosphites.


Chromium(IV) oxide

Chromium(IV) oxide is a chemical compound. It is used in audio cassettes. Its chemical formula is CrO. It is made by heating chromium(VI) oxide and water at very high pressures. It is a black crystalline solid.


Disproportionation

Disproportionation is a redox reaction in which an electron from one atom is taken by another one, making two different chemicals. It is the opposite of symproportionation, which is the giving of electrons from one atom to another atom, It makes one chemical from two different chemicals.

Sodium hypochlorite (household bleach) reacts with itself when it is dried. One atom gives two electrons away to two other atoms. The first atom becomes sodium chlorate, while the other two that got the electrons becomes sodium chloride.
3 NaClO → 2 NaCl + NaClO

Ferric ions react with iron metal. Two ferric ions give two electrons (one electron for each atom) to one iron atom. The ferric ion becomes a ferrous ion. The iron also becomes a ferrous ion. 
2 Fe + Fe → 3 Fe


Sodium chlorate

Sodium chlorate is a chemical compound. It is a crystalline solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. Its chemical formula is NaClO. It contains sodium and chlorate ions. It is made by electrolysis of a hot sodium chloride solution. It is used as a herbicide. It is toxic because of its oxidizing properties. It is mostly known to be used as non-selective herbicide. 


Hypophosphite

Hypophosphite, also known as phosphonate, is an ion. Its chemical formula is HPO. It contains phosphorus in its +1 oxidation state. It is made by disproportionation of phosphorus in warm alkali. Phosphine is also produced. It is a strong reducing agent. Chemical compounds that contain the hypophosphite ions are called hypophosphites. They are poisonous. Hypophosphites are salts of hypophosphorous acid.


Nigel Short

Nigel David Short MBE (born 1 June 1965 in Leigh, Lancashire) is often regarded as the strongest English chess player of the 20th century. He became a Grandmaster at age 19. He challenged for the World Chess Championship against Garry Kasparov at London 1993. Still active, Short continues to enjoy international success. He is also a chess columnist, coach and commentator.
Short's best achievement was in the World Candidates matches of 1992, when he beat world-class players Boris Gelfand, Anatoly Karpov and Jan Timman to reach the final. In the World Championship match, London 1993, he was decisively beaten by the reigning World Champion, Gary Kasparov. The match caused controversy because the two players broke away from FIDE, for reasons mostly to do with the prize money.

Short has played 21 times for England in Chess Olympiads, and European and World Team championships. He has been living in Greece with his wife and children for a number of years.

Sodium hypophosphite

Sodium hypophosphite is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaHPO. It contains sodium and hypophosphite ions. 

It is a white solid. It is a strong reducing agent. When it is heated, it produces phosphine gas and sodium phosphite. It is quite poisonous. It can be oxidized to sodium phosphate.

It is made by heating white phosphorus in sodium hydroxide solution. This makes phosphine gas and sodium hypophosphite.

It is used for nickel plating without doing electrolysis. 


Steve Yzerman

Stephen Gregory "Steve" Yzerman (born May 9, 1965) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre and current general manager of the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League. Yzerman played his entire National Hockey League (NHL) career with the Detroit Red Wings and is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame. He has three daughters, the youngest being Sophia Yzerman, middle is Maria Yzerman, and the eldest is Isabella Yzerman. All three of them attended Academy of the Sacred Heart in Bloomfield Hills, MI, with the Isabella at University of Michigan. He won an gold medal with Team Canada at the 2002 Winter Olympics. This made Yzerman one of few players to win an Olympic gold medal and the Stanley Cup in the same year.

Yzerman retired as the longest serving Captain in North American Sports history.

Union City, California

Union City is a city in Alameda County, California. Union City formed in the year 1959. The population of Union City was 70,143 in 2020.

Shayne Graham

Michael Shayne "The Franchise" Graham (born December 9, 1977 in Radford, Virginia) is an American former professional football placekicker and coach. He played parts of 17 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Buffalo Bills, Carolina Panthers, Cincinnati Bengals, New York Giants, New England Patriots, Miami Dolphins, Baltimore Ravens, Houston Texans, Pittsburgh Steelers, New Orleans Saints, and Atlanta Falcons.

Graham played college football at Virginia Tech University. He was inducted into the Virginia Tech Sports Hall of Fame in 2011.

On February 6, 2017, Graham announced that he was retiring from playing professional football.


Fiat 500 (1957)

The Fiat 500 is a car produced by the Fiat company of Italy between 1957 and 1975. The car was designed by Dante Giacosa. In 2007 Fiat launched a similar car, the Fiat Nuova 500.

Fiat Marea

The Fiat Marea is a car produced by Fiat. It replaced both the Fiat Tempra and the Fiat Croma in 1996, and were replaced by the Fiat Stilo Multi Wagon in 2002.



Phosphite

Hydrogen Phosphite is an ion. Its chemical formula is HPO. It contains phosphorus in its +3 oxidation state. Chemical compounds containing the phosphite ion are called phosphites. Phosphites are the salts of phosphorous acid. They are poisonous. They are reducing agents. An example would be sodium phosphite.


Hypophosphorous acid

Hypophosphorous acid, also known as phosphinic acid, is a chemical compound. It is an acid. It contains hydrogen and hypophosphite ions. Its chemical formula is HPO.

It is a colorless solid. It can absorb water to make an oily liquid. It is a weak acid. It reacts with bases to make hypophosphite salts such as sodium hypophosphite. It is a powerful reducing agent. It breaks down when heated into phosphine and phosphorous acid.

It is made by protonation of hypophosphites. 

It can be used as a reducing agent. It is also used to make medicines. It can be used to make illegal drugs, which is why it is restricted. It is used to plate metal on objects without using electroplating.


Sodium phosphite

Sodium phosphite is a chemical compound. It contains sodium and phosphite ions. Its chemical formula is HNaOP. 

It is a white solid. It is a salt of phosphorous acid. It is poisonous. It is a reducing agent.

Sodium phosphite is made by reacting sodium hydroxide with phosphorous acid. 



Phosphorous acid

Phosphorous acid is a chemical compound. It is an acid. Its chemical formula is HPO. It contains hydrogen and phosphite ions.

It is a white solid. It absorbs water. It is a strong reducing agent. It can be deprotonated twice. When it is heated, it turns into phosphoric acid and phosphine. It is toxic. Salts of phosphorous acid is called phosphites. It reacts with mercury(II) chloride to make mercury(I) chloride. If it still is kept, it reacts with mercury(I) chloride to make mercury.

It is made by reacting phosphorus(III) oxide with water. It is also prepared by reaction of phosphorus trichloride with water, which produces hydrochloric acid too. 

It is used as a reducing agent. It is also used to kill certain bacteria that grow on plants.


Phosphorus(V) oxide

Phosphorus(V) oxide, also known as phosphorus pentoxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PO. It contains phosphorus and oxide ions. It contains phosphorus in its +5 oxidation state. 

Phosphorus(V) oxide is a colourless solid. It has a strong odor. It dissolves in water to produce phosphoric acid. It can corrode metals. It is irritating to the skin. It can make bad burns.

It is made by burning phosphorus into high amounts of air.

It is used to dry things out because it absorbs water. It dries things out from acids like nitric acid to organic compounds like carboxylic acids.

Phosphorus(V) oxide is corrosive. Its vapors are toxic and burn the eyes and skin. It also irritates skin and eyes.


Phosphorus(III) oxide

Phosphorus(III) oxide, also known as phosphorus trioxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PO or PO. It contains phosphorus in its +3 oxidation state. It contains phosphorus and oxide ions.

It is a white, waxy solid that can absorb water. It reacts with water to make phosphorous acid. It reacts with hydrochloric acid to make phosphorus trichloride and phosphorous acid. It is a reducing agent. It is toxic and has a garlic-like odor. 

It is made by burning phosphorus in a little air. This is the source of many phosphorus compounds.

It can attach to certain transition metals. 


Phosphorus trichloride

Phosphorus trichloride is a chemical compound. It is a molecular compound made up of phosphorus covalently bonded to three chlorine atoms. The phosphorus is considered to be in a 3+ oxidation state and each chlorine is considered to be in a 1- oxidation state. The chemical formula is PCl.

It is a colorless liquid. It reacts with water to make phosphorous acid and hydrochloric acid. It is very toxic. It is a weak reducing agent.

It is made by reacting extra phosphorus with chlorine. It is used to make phosphorous acid industrially (in factories). 

It is used to make organic compounds. It is also used to make other phosphorus compounds.


Phosphoric acid

Phosphoric acid, also known as orthophosphoric acid, is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HPO. It contains hydrogen and phosphate ions. Its official IUPAC name is trihydroxidooxidophosphorus.

Phosphoric acid is a white solid. It melts easily to make a viscous liquid. It tastes sour when diluted (mixed with a lot of water). It can be deprotonated three times. It is very strong, although not as much as the other acids like hydrochloric acid. It does not have any odor. It is corrosive when concentrated. Salts of phosphoric acid are called phosphates.

Phosphoric acid can be made by dissolving phosphorus(V) oxide in water. This makes a very pure phosphoric acid that is good for food. A less pure form is made by reacting sulfuric acid with phosphate rock. This can be purified to make food-grade phosphoric acid if needed.

It is used to make sodas sour. It is also used when a nonreactive acid is needed. It can be used to make hydrogen halides, such as hydrogen chloride. Phosphoric acid is heated with a sodium halide to make the hydrogen halide and sodium phosphate. It is used to react with rust to make black iron(III) phosphate, which can be scraped off, leaving pure iron. It can be used to clean teeth. 

There are many minor uses of phosphoric acid. Phosphoric acid with a certain isotope of phosphorus is used for nuclear magnetic resonance. It is also used as an electrolyte in some fuel cells. It can be used as a flux. It can etch certain things in semiconductor making. 

Phosphoric acid is one of the least toxic acids. When it is diluted, it just has a sour taste. When it is concentrated, it can corrode metals.


Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards

The Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards, also known as the KCA's, is an annual awards show that shows on Nickelodeon.

Categories in italics indicate past awards.


Sodium phosphate

Sodium phosphate is a group of chemical compounds. The phosphate atom can hold three other atoms. They can be three hydrogen (phosphoric acid), two hydrogen and one sodium(sodium dihydrogen phosphate), one hydrogen and two sodium (disodium hydrogen phosphate), or three sodium (trisodium phosphate).

Sodium dihydrogen phosphate, also known as monosodium phosphate, is a chemical compound with the formula NaHPO. It is acidic. It is used in some baking powders. It is used as a laxative or a pH buffer (something that keeps a chemical from getting more acidic or basic). It is made by reaction of a little sodium hydroxide with phosphoric acid.

Disodium hydrogen phosphate, also known as disodium phosphate is a chemical compound with the formula NaHPO. It is about neutral (not acidic or basic). It is used to prevent clumping in foods. It is made by reaction of some sodium hydroxide with phosphorus.

Trisodium phosphate, also known as sodium phosphate, is a chemical compound with the formula NaPO. It is basic. It formerly was used in detergents, but the phosphate fueled algal blooms. It is made by combining sodium hydroxide and phosphoric acid.


San Marino Grand Prix

The San Marino Grand Prix was a Formula One championship race. It was held at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari in the town of Imola. Imola is near the Apennine mountains in Italy. The race was first held , and the last race was in . It is named the San Marino Grand Prix after the nearby republic of San Marino.

The area by Imola is home to several racing car manufacturers, including Ferrari, Lamborghini, and Maserati. Following the Second World War, the town started a project to improve the local economy. Four local motor racing fans suggested building a new road. The road would link together existing public roads. These road were used by the local car manufacturers to test their new car designs. Construction began in March 1950. The first test run took place two years later when Enzo Ferrari sent a car to the track.

In April 1953, the first motorcycle races took place at Imola, and the first car race took place in June 1954. In April 1963, the first race with Formula One cars took place at Imola. It was a non-championship event, and was won by Jim Clark for Lotus. An additional non-championship event took place at Imola in 1979. This race was won by Niki Lauda for Brabham-Alfa Romeo.

In 1980, the Italian Grand Prix moved from the high-speed Monza circuit to Imola. This was because of a bad crash in 1978. The crash killed the popular Swedish driver Ronnie Peterson. The 1980 race was won by Nelson Piquet for Brabham-Ford. In 1981 the Italian Grand Prix returned to Monza, and Imola hosted the new San Marino Grand Prix, named after the nearby republic of San Marino.

In there were three serious accidents at Imola. 

Teams had complained about the poor quality of the facilities (buildings and work areas) at Imola. San Marino Grand Prix was dropped from the Formula One championship after . Part of the reason for dropping San Marino was there was another grand prix held in Italy.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Porsche

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Built by Cosworth

A pink background indicates an event which was not part of any championship.



Leopold von Sacher-Masoch

Leopold Ritter von Sacher-Masoch (27 January 1836 – 9 March 1895) was an Austrian writer and journalist, who became famous for his romantic stories about Galician life. The word masochism comes from his name.

During his lifetime, Sacher-Masoch was known as a thinker who supported socialist and humanist ideas in his writing, both his stories and his letters. Most of his works have not been translated into English. The novel "Venus in Furs" is the only one of his books that can be commonly found in English.

Von Sacher-Masoch was born in what is now Lviv, Ukraine. His father was an Austrian police director with Spanish ancestry, and his mother was Charlotte von Masoch, a Ukrainian noblewoman. He began learning German at age 12. He studied law, history and mathematics at Graz University. After he finished his study, Sacher-Masoch moved back to Lemberg where he became a professor. His early writing was mainly non-fiction works about Austrian history. At the same time, Sacher-Masoch began looking into the stories of his homeland, Galicia. Soon he stopped lecturing to write stories and letters. Within ten years, his short stories and novels became more famous than his historical non-fiction works, though his fiction had history in it.

Sacher-Masoch was especially interested in capturing stories of the different ethnicities that lived in Galicia. From the 1860s to the 1880s, he collected many volumes of "Jewish Short Stories", "Polish Short Stories", "Galician Short Stories", "German Court Stories" and "Russian Court Stories". His works were translated into Ukrainian, Russian and French. They were very popular in Ukraine.

In 1869 Sacher-Masoch wrote a large number of short stories under the group title "Legacy of Cain". These stories showed his view on life and the world. Six volumes were planned, but only the first two were ever completed. By the middle of the 1880s, Masoch had abandoned the "Legacy of Cain". Despite this, the published volumes of the series included his best-known stories, including "Venus in Furs" (1869) which is the most famous today. The short novel expressed Sacher-Masoch's fantasies and fetishes, which he tried to live out with his mistresses and wives.

Sacher-Masoch edited the monthly literary magazine "Auf der Höhe. Internationale Review" ("At the Pinnacle. International Review"), which was published in Leipzig from October, 1881 to September, 1885. This was a magazine aimed at helping Jews in Saxony become part of the community, as well supporting women's rights with articles on women's education and suffrage.

In his later years, he worked against local antisemitism through an association called the Oberhessischer Verein für Volksbildung (OVV), which he founded in 1893 with his second wife, Hulda Meister.

Chris Kuper

Christopher Kuper (born December 19, 1982 in Anchorage, Alaska) is an American football Offensive guard for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL). Kuper played college football at the University of North Dakota and was drafted by the Denver Broncos with the 161st pick in the fifth round of the 2006 NFL Draft.


The Blackout (band)

The Blackout is a Welsh Post-hardcore band from Merthyr Tydfil, Wales. The Blackout has six members in the band; the current band members are Sean Smith, Gavin Butler, Matthew Davies, James Davies, Rhys Lewis and Gareth Lawrence.

In 2003 a band called Ten Minute Preview was formed out of boredom and was named after the New York City blackout of 1977. The band currently has Sean Smith on Vocals, Gavin Butler on Vocals, Matthew Davies on Guitar and backing vocals, James Davies on Guitar and backing vocals, Rhys Lewis on Bass guitar and Gareth Lawrence on Drums and Backing vocals and they are all original members. 

The Blackout released their debut album, "We Are the Dynamite!" on October 1, 2007 on the record label, Fierce Panda and it was the fastest selling album ever released by Fierce Panda. The album spawned 2 singles on it, ""The Beijing Cocktail"" and ""It's High Tide Baby!"" (which featured lead singer of Lostprophets, Ian Watkins). After their album release The Blackout went on a 14-date headline UK tour playing alongside bands such as The Used and Rise Against.

The Blackout left the Fierce Panda records in 2008 and signed with the record label, "Epitaph Records". On the Epitaph record label the band released one album, "The Best in Town," which spawned 4 singles ""STFUppercut"", ""Children of the Night"", ""Save Our Selves (The Warning)"" and ""I Don't Care (This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things)"" and are releasing another album in 2011 which currently does not have a name.


So far as of 2011, The Blackout has released 1 EP and three albums.




Phosphorus oxide

Phosphorus oxide refers to any of the following compounds:


Phosphorus acid

There are several phosphorus acids. They are acids that have phosphorus in them. Three of them are common.


Sunshine Coast, Queensland

The Sunshine Coast (population 312,908) is a coastal region in South East Queensland, north of the Queensland capital of Brisbane. On 15 March 2008, the former Councils of Noosa Shire, Maroochy Shire and Caloundra City combined to form the Sunshine Coast Regional Council.

The Sunshine Coast is bordered by the Pacific Ocean in the east, and extends to the local government boundaries beyond the Blackall Range to the west. Sometimes, the towns of Gympie, which is 30 minutes' drive north of Noosa Heads, and Caboolture, 30 minutes' drive south of Caloundra, have been included in a broader definition of the Sunshine Coast region.

The Glass House Mountains, located south-west of Caloundra, were first sighted by James Cook from the deck of the HM Bark Endeavour in 1770.

The Sunshine Coast's first white inhabitants were three castaways who shared the life of the aborigines for eight months. Later it became the home of many runaway convicts. It was also the scene of some of the most bitter skirmishes of Australia's Black War.

Timber-getters used its rivers and lakes as seaways to float out logs of cedar, and prospectors climbed its mountains to reach the Gympie gold. With the coming of the railway line to Gympie, the coastal towns, which were founded as ports for the early river trade, were bypassed. The Sunshine Coast later grew into a holiday destination, which was further expanded in the development boom of the 1960s and 1970s.

The Sunshine Coast is a centre for tourism. The attractions include: Steve Irwin's Australia Zoo, UnderWater World marine park, Aussie World with the Ettamogah Pub, The Buderim Ginger Factory, The Big Pineapple and the Majestic Theatre at Pomona.

The Sunshine Coast contains many beaches. Many well-known beaches within the Sunshine Coast region are located at Noosa Heads, Alexandra Headland, Mooloolaba (the spit), Coolum, Maroochydore and Kings Beach in Caloundra.

The region is also home to more national parks than any other region in Queensland. The natural variety of the area has been protected by five separate parks in both coastal and inland regions, including Mapleton Falls National Park, Kondalilla National Park, The Glasshouse Mountains National Park, Noosa National Park, and the Great Sandy National Park, which includes sections on Fraser Island and in Cooloola near Rainbow Beach.

Awesome Kong

Kia Michelle Stevens (born September 4, 1977 in Carson, California) is an American female actress and former professional wrestler. She is best known for her time with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). She was known for wrestling under the ring name Awesome Kong. She also wrestled for Ring of Honor (ROH), Shimmer Women Athletes, All Elite Wrestling (AEW), and WWE. During her time in WWE, sh wrestled under the ring name Kharma.

While in TNA, she was a two-time TNA Women's Knockout Champion and one-time TNA Knockout Tag Team Champion with Hamada.

On August 28, 2021, Kong announced that she was retiring from in-ring competition. At Bound for Glory on October 23, 2021, she was inducted in the Impact Hall of Fame by Gail Kim.


Robert Frost

Robert Lee Frost (March 26, 1874 – January 29, 1963) was an American poet. He is well known for his realistic writings of rural life and his use of American informal (slang) speech. His poems were often set in rural life in New England in the early twentieth century, and used these settings to look at complex social and philosophical themes. Frost has often been quoted by other people. He was honored often during his lifetime, receiving four Pulitzer Prizes for Poetry.

Robert Frost was born in San Francisco, California, to journalist William Prescott Frost, Jr., and Isabelle Moodie.

Frost's father was a teacher, and later an editor of the "San Francisco Evening Bulletin" (later the "San Francisco Examiner"), and an unsuccessful candidate for city tax collector. After his death on May 5, 1885 the family moved across the country to Lawrence, Massachusetts. Frost graduated from Lawrence High School in 1892. Frost's mother joined the Swedenborgian Church and had him baptized in there, but he left the church as an adult.

Although he would be famous for writing about rural life, Frost grew up in the city, and published his first poem in his high school's magazine. He attended Dartmouth College for two months, long enough to be accepted into the Theta Delta Chi fraternity. Frost returned home to teach and to work at different jobs.

In 1894, Frost sold his first poem, "My Butterfly: An Elegy", for fifteen dollars. It was published in the November 8, 1894, edition of the "New York Independent". Proud of this accomplishment, he proposed marriage to Elinor Miriam White. She waited, wanting to finish college before they married. Frost then went on a trip to the Great Dismal Swamp in Virginia. After returning he proposed again to Elinor. Because she had then graduated, she agreed. They got married on 19th December 1896.

He attended liberal arts studies at Harvard for two years, but left to support his growing family. Shortly before dying, Robert's grandfather purchased a farm for Robert and Elinor in Derry, New Hampshire; and Robert worked the farm for nine years, while writing early in the mornings and producing many of the poems that would later become famous. His farming was unsuccessful and he returned to education as an English teacher at New Hampshire's Pinkerton Academy from 1906 to 1911, then at the New Hampshire Normal School (now Plymouth State University) in Plymouth, New Hampshire.

In 1912, Frost sailed with his family to Great Britain, living first in Glasgow before settling in Beaconsfield outside London. His first book of poetry, "A Boy's Will", was published the next year. In England, he made some important friends, including Edward Thomas (a member of the group known as the Dymock Poets), T.E. Hulme, and Ezra Pound. Surrounded by his peers, Frost wrote some of his best work while in England.

After World War I began, Frost returned to America in 1915 and bought a farm in New Hampshire, where he started a career of writing, teaching, and lecturing. This family homestead was the Frosts' summer home until 1938, and is used today as The Frost Place, a museum and poetry conference site. During the years 1916–20, 1923–24, and 1927–1938, Frost taught English at Amherst College in Massachusetts, notably encouraging his students to account for the sounds of the human voice in their writing.

For forty-two years – from 1921 to 1963 - Frost spent almost every summer and fall teaching at the Bread Loaf School of English of Middlebury College, at its mountain campus at Ripton, Vermont. The college now owns and maintains his former Ripton farmstead as a national historic site near the Bread Loaf campus. In 1921 Frost accepted a fellowship teaching post at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, where he resided until 1927; while there he was awarded a lifetime appointment at the University as a Fellow in Letters. The Robert Frost Ann Arbor home is now situated at The Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn, Michigan. Frost returned to Amherst in 1927. In 1940 he bought a plot in South Miami, Florida, naming it "Pencil Pines"; he spent his winters there for the rest of his life.

Harvard's 1965 alumni directory says Frost received an honorary degree there. Although he never graduated from college, Frost received over 40 honorary degrees, including ones from Princeton, Oxford and Cambridge universities; and was the only person to receive two honorary degrees from Dartmouth College. During his lifetime, the Robert Frost Middle School in Fairfax, Virginia, and the main library of Amherst College were named after him.

Frost was 86 when he spoke and performed a reading of his poetry at the inauguration of President John F. Kennedy on January 20, 1961. He died in Boston two years later, on January 29, 1963, of complications from prostate surgery. He was buried at the Old Bennington Cemetery in Bennington, Vermont. His epitaph quotes a line from one of his poems: "I had a lover's quarrel with the world."

Frost's poems are analyzed in the "Anthology of Modern American Poetry" (Oxford University Press) where it is mentioned that behind a sometimes charmingly familiar and rural front, Frost's poetry frequently presents hopeless and hostile undertones which often are either unseen or unanalyzed.

One of the original collections of Frost materials is found in the Special Collections department of the Jones Library in Amherst, Massachusetts. The collection consists of approximately twelve thousand items, including original manuscript poems and letters, correspondence, and photographs, as well as audio and visual recordings.

Kevin Harvick

Kevin Michael Harvick (born December 8, 1975), nicknamed "The Closer" and "Happy Harvick", is an American racecar driver. He drives the No. 4 Ford Mustang for Stewart-Haas Racing in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. Harvick won the NASCAR Nationwide Series championship and the Sprint Cup rookie of the year award in 2001. In 2007, Harvick beat Mark Martin and Enrique Peña Nieto to win the Daytona 500. In 2014 Harvick began racing for Stewart-Hass Racing. Over the year, he was able to win a total of five races, and at the end of the year, he was named the NASCAR Sprint Cup Champion.

Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari

The Autodromo Internazionale Enzo e Dino Ferrari is an auto racing circuit near the Italian town of Imola, east of Bologna and east of the Ferrari factory in Maranello. Often, it is simply called Imola.

The circuit is named after Ferrari's late founder Enzo, and his son Dino who had died in the 1950s. Before Enzo Ferrari's death in 1988 it was called 'Autodromo Dino Ferrari'.

It was the host for the Formula One San Marino Grand Prix. The Italian Grand Prix has been held in Italy since the start of Formula One. The race at Imola was named after the nearby Republic of San Marion. After a bad crash Monza in , Imola hosted the Italian Grand Prix. When Formula One visits Imola, it is considered the 'home circuit' of Ferrari and a large group of "tifosi" (Ferrari supporters) come out to support the local team.

Imola is one of the few major international circuits to run in an anti-clockwise (counter-clockwise) direction. Other anti-clockwise circuits include Istanbul Park, Singapore's Marina Bay, Korean International Circuit, Autódromo José Carlos Pace, and Yas Marina Circuit.

Even with the addition of the chicanes, safety was a concern at the circuit. One of the biggest worries was the high-speed, flat-out "Tamburello" corner. Tamburello was very bumpy and had very little room between the track and a concrete wall. The wall protected a creek that ran behind the corner. In San Marino Grand Prix, Nelson Piquet had an accident at the corner during practice. He missed the race due to his injuries. In the San Marino Grand Prix, Gerhard Berger crashed his Ferrari at Tamburello after the front wing broke. The crash was so heavy, the monocoque (the driver's compartment) split open. The car caught fire. The firefighters and medical personnel went to work quickly. Because of fast response, Berger survived with only burns on his hands. Berger only missed one race, the Monaco Grand Prix. Other drivers, including Michele Alboreto and Riccardo Patrese also bad crashes at Tamburello corner. They escaped without serious injury.
In there were three serious accidents at Imola. During the Friday practice, Rubens Barrichello hit the fence at the Variante Bassa. It was a very hard crash and he was knocked unconscious for a few minutes. During the qualifying session on Saturday, Austrian Roland Ratzenberger crashed at the Villeneuve Corner. He hit a concrete barrier wall almost head-on and was received a very bad head injury. He was taken to the hospital, but died from injuries. In the race on Sunday, 3-time World Champion Ayrton Senna hit a concrete wall at Tamburello Corner. Senna was killed instantly. In two unrelated accidents, several spectators and mechanics were also injured during the race.

In response to the deaths of Ratzenberger and Senna, changes were made to try to make the circuit safer. The flat-out Tamburello corner was reduced in speed. It was also made into a left-right sweeper. A gravel trap was added to the limited space on the outside of the corner. Villeneuve corner was also slowed down and a gravel trap added. To retain some of the character of the old circuit, the slow chicane at Acqua Minerale was eliminated. Many say that the new circuit configuration is not as good as it used to be as a result of the new chicanes at Tamburello and Villeneuve.

Another modification made was to the Variante Alta. Variante Alta is at the top of the hill leading down to Rivazza. It has the hardest braking point on the lap. The kerbs were very high, and the drivers often hit them. This often caused damage to the cars and sometimes lead to accidents. Before the 2006 Grand Prix, the kerbs were lowered and the turn itself was tightened to reduce speeds.

Some had complained about the poor quality of the facilities (buildings and work areas) at Imola. San Marino Grand Prix was dropped from the Formula One championship after .

Following an FIA decision in August 2006, Imola did not host a Grand Prix in . SAGIS is the company that owns the circuit. They hoped that the race would be reinstated at the October 2006 meeting of the FIA World Motorsport Council. They were planning renovations to the facility, but the reinstatement was denied.
The circuit has undergone major revisions. The pitlane, pit garages and the final corners have been updated. The final left-right chicane has been removed. The run from Rivazza 2 to the first Tamburello chicane is flat-out. This is more like the old version of the circuit. The pitlane has been extended and reworked. The old pit garages and paddock have been completely rebuilt. The circuit hopes to rejoin the F1 calendar within the next few seasons. The reconstruction has been designed by German track architect Hermann Tilke.

In June 2008, with most of the reconstruction work done, FIA gave the track "1T" rating, meaning that an official F1 test can be held there. But still the track needs the "1" approvial to again host a Formula One race. The track also hosted the 2008 World Touring Car Championship Race of Europe, on September 21, 2008.


1220s

The 1220s decade ran from January 1, 1220, to December 31, 1229.


Constitutional Union Party

The Constitutional Union Party was an American political party. It was one of four major parties to have candidates in the 1860 United States presidential election right before the American Civil War. It was made up of former Whigs and Know-Nothings who had not joined the Republican Party, and people from the South who wanted the Union to stay together. It had one idea - keeping the United States together. It ran John Bell for President and Edward Everett for Vice-President. They got about one eighth of the popular vote, mostly from the South and the border states.

Ya Boy

William Joseph Crawford (born January 28, 1984) is an American rapper. He is better known by his stage name, Ya Boy. 

Ya Boy was written about in a column by The Source magazine called "Unsigned Hype" before being signed to Akon's record label, "Konvict Records".


Miniseries

A miniseries (also known as mini-series), in a serial storytelling medium, is a production which tells a story in a planned limited number of episodes. 



Elastic collision

An elastic collision is when two objects collide and bounce back with little or no deformation. For example, two rubber balls bouncing together would be elastic. Two cars hitting each other would be inelastic, as the cars crumple, and do not bounce back. In a perfectly elastic collision (the simplest case), no kinetic energy is lost, and so the kinetic energy of the two objects after the collision is equal to their total kinetic energy before the collision. Elastic collisions occur only if there is no net conversion of kinetic energy into other forms (heat, sound). The other rule to remember when working with elastic collisions is that momentum is conserved.

Consider two particles, indicated by subscripts 1 and 2. Let "m" and "m" be the masses, "u" and "u" be the velocities before the collision and "v" and "v" be the velocities after collision.
Since it is an elastic collision, the total momentum before the collision is the same as the total momentum after the collision. Given that momentum (p) is calculated as
We can calculate the momentum before the collision to be:
and the momentum after the collision to be:
Setting the two equal gives us our first equation:

The second rule we use is that the total kinetic energy remains the same, meaning that the initial kinetic energy is equal to the final kinetic energy.

The formula for kinetic energy is:
So, using the same variables as before: The initial kinetic energy is:
The final kinetic energy is:
Setting the two to be equal ( since the total kinetic energy remains the same):

These equations may be solved directly to find "v" when "u" are known or vice versa. Here is a sample problem, which can be solved using either conservation of momentum, or conservation of energy:

For example:

After collision:

Using Conservation of Momentum:

After doing multiplication, and then subtracting formula_11 from both sides, we get:

Summing the left side, then dividing by formula_13 gives us:

We could have also solved this problem using Conservation of Energy:

Multiplying both sides by formula_18, and then do all the required multiplications gives us:
Adding the numbers on the left, subtracting formula_20 from both sides, and dividing by formula_13 gives us:
Taking the square root of both sides gives us an answer of formula_23.

Unfortunately, we'd still need to use conservation of momentum to figure out whether formula_24 is positive or negative.

Eastern Kentucky University

Eastern Kentucky University is a university in Kentucky in the United States. Eastern Kentucky's athletics teams are called the Colonels and they have 15 varsity teams and have a rivalry with Western Kentucky University. The president of Eastern Kentucky is Dr. Charles Doug Whitlock.


Shaun Toub

Shaun Toub is an Iranian-American movie and television actor. He is perhaps best known for his role as Farhad in the 2004 movie "Crash", as Rahim Khan in the movie "The Kite Runner", as Yinsen in the movie "Iron Man" and as "Iroh" in the movie "The Last Airbender".


Nicktoons (American TV channel)

Nicktoons is an American digital cable and satellite television network owned by Viacom. It is a sister service of the Nickelodeon cable channel. The network broadcasts Nickelodeon's animated series, Nicktoons, along with other original animated series and foreign animation from other Nickelodeon networks overseas 24 hours a day. The slogan for the network is "Big Stars, Animated."

Michael Adams

Michael Adams (born 17 November 1971 in Truro, Cornwall) is a British chess grandmaster (1989). His highest ranking was world #4, achieved several times from October 2000 to October 2002. He achieved a peak FIDE rating of 2755. 
He has achieved superb results in World Chess Championship tournaments. At the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004, he reached the final, narrowly losing out to Rustam Kasimdzhanov in the tie-break games.

Adams won the British Chess Championship in 1989 at the age of seventeen. Making only rare appearances, he won (jointly) in 1997, and won again in 2010 and 2011. A fine score of 6½/7 in the 2011 European Club Championship marked a return to form, but his results are no longer so consistent as they used to be.


Sodium carbonate

Sodium carbonate is a chemical compound. It is composed of sodium and carbonate ions. Its chemical formula is NaCO. It is a base. It reacts with acids to produce carbon dioxide. It is made by reacting sodium hydroxide with carbon dioxide or by heating sodium bicarbonate. It is produced industrially by the Solvay process. It is used to make glass. It is also used in pools and cooking. It is used as an electrolyte.


Solvay process

The Solvay process is a way to make sodium carbonate and sodium dicarbonate invented by Ernest Solvay. It is essentially the reaction of carbon dioxide with ammonia and sodium chloride to produce ammonium chloride and sodium bicarbonate. The sodium bicarbonate may be heated to produce sodium carbonate.The process consists of saturation of cold, concentrated solution of sodium chloride with ammonia.


Potassium carbonate

Potassium carbonate, also known as potash or pearl ash, is a chemical compound. It is made of potassium and carbonate ions. Its chemical formula is KCO.

Potassium carbonate is a white solid. It dissolves in water. It is similar to sodium carbonate. It reacts with acids to make carbon dioxide and a potassium salt. It does not dissolve in alcohol. It is basic. It is a mild drying agent.

It is made by the reaction of carbon dioxide with potassium hydroxide.

It is used to soften water (remove some of the ions from water) and make soap. It is used to put out fires. It can be used as an electrolyte to electrolyze water.


Bicarbonate

Bicarbonate is an anion (a negatively-charged ion). Its chemical formula is HCO. It reacts with acids to produce carbon dioxide. A sample compound is sodium bicarbonate. It forms carbonate when heated.



Yokohama Station

Yokohama Station () is a railway station of JR East, Keihin Electric Express Railway, Sagami Railway, Tokyu Corporation, Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company, and the Yokohama Municipal Subway in Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.


Minatomirai Station

Minatomirai Station () is a railway station of Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company in Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.


Motomachi-Chūkagai Station

Motomachi-Chūkagai Station (元町・中華街駅,もとまち・ちゅうかがいえき) is a railway station of Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company in Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.


KFAX

KFAX is a radio station in San Francisco Bay Area, California. The station aired its first broadcast on January 3, 1925. KFAX is registered in San Francisco, California. The station is owned by Salem Communications.

Don't Bother Me

"Don't Bother Me" is the first song written by George Harrison to appear on an album by The Beatles. It was on the group's "With the Beatles" album in the UK, released in 1963, and on their "Meet the Beatles!" album in the U.S., released in 1964.

Harrison wrote the song while sick in bed at a hotel room in Bournemouth, England, where the Beatles were playing some shows during the summer of 1963. Harrison never regarded it highly, saying, "It was a fairly crappy song. I forgot all about it completely once it was on the album." He considered it an exercise in whether he could write a song, later saying, "at least it showed me that all I needed to do was keep on writing, and then maybe eventually I would write something good." Harrison received a writing credit for two earlier songs, "In Spite of All the Danger" (McCartney/Harrison) and "Cry for a Shadow" (Harrison/Lennon). Both were recorded by the Beatles but neither was released officially by the band until 1995's "Anthology 1" compilation. "Don't Bother Me" is considered Harrison's first song by most (including the composer himself).

The sullen mood and sad lyrics—"So go away, leave me alone, don't bother me"—were unusual for the Beatles at the time but would become characteristic for Harrison. The song mostly stays in a minor key and achieves a thick sound through its double-tracked vocal, reverbed guitars, and busy drumming. The elaborate percussion lends the song a Latin rhythm accentuated by its stop-time structure.

The Beatles recorded the song on 11 and 12 September 1963. They were not satisfied with the version recorded on the 11th and did a remake on the 12th.

"Don't Bother Me" is one of several songs featured in "A Hard Day's Night", during a scene where the Beatles dance at a nightclub while McCartney's grandfather gambles elsewhere. At the end of the movie, it is noted as a Lennon/McCartney composition rather than a Harrison composition.

British singer Gregory Phillips released a version of "Don't Bother Me" as his third single. Though unsuccessful, this was the first cover version of a Harrison composition.



Negotiation

A negotiation is a formal discussion to reach agreement about an issue. It is an important method to reduce conflict, and to get things done. Examples:


Eupeodes lapponicus

Eupeodes lapponicus is a common European species of hoverfly. It is sometimes known as the Lapland syrphid fly.

Josh Bidwell

Joshua John Bidwell (born March 13, 1976 in Winston, Oregon) used to be an American Football punter.

Bidwell was drafted out of the University of Oregon by the Green Bay Packers with the 133rd pick in the fourth round of the 1999 NFL Draft. He was diagnosed with testicular cancer on September 1, 1999. Bidwell played with the Packers from 1999 to 2003. He was then signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and he played with them from 2004 to 2009. He played for the Washington Redskins in 2010.


Peabody River State Fish and Wildlife Area

Peabody River State Fish and Wildlife Area is an Illinois state park on in Randolph County, Illinois, United States.


Dick Irvin

James Dickinson Irvin, Jr. (born July 19, 1892 – May 15, 1957) was a professional Canadian ice hockey centre. He played his playing career for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL) and also coached hockey in the NHL. Irvin's son Dick Irvin, Jr. is a retired sports broadcaster and author.

Irvin won 4 Stanley Cups in his coaching career, one in 1932 with the Toronto Maple Leafs and 3 in 1944, 1946, and 1953 with the Montreal Canadiens.

Irvin was born on July 19, 1892 in Hamilton, Ontario and died on May 15, 1957 in Chicago, Illinois.

He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1958.

East Jensens Island

East Jensens Island is an uninhabited island of the Lincoln Sea, Greenland. The island has an area of 163.7 km ² and has a shoreline of 57.2 kilometres.

Sulfur oxide

Sulfur oxide can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Tony Miles

Tony Miles (Anthony John Miles, 23 April 1955 – 12 November 2001) was an English chess Grandmaster.

In 1973 Miles won the silver medal at the World Junior Chess Championship at Teesside, his first important event against international competition. He won the title next year in Manila.

Miles entered the University of Sheffield to study mathematics, but dropped out to concentrate on chess.

In 1976, Miles became the first ever FIDE Grandmaster born in the United Kingdom, narrowly beating Raymond Keene to the title. Other English players had been acknowledged as true Grandmasters in the past. Howard Staunton, the 19th century World Champion, was obviously a grandmaster. Joseph Blackburne was also regularly described as a grandmaster. Naturalised German-born Jacques Mieses was awarded the GM title in 1950; and Jonathan Penrose was awarded the title retrospectively. For his achievement, Miles won a £5,000 prize.

Miles had a string of good results in the late 1970s and 1980s, and his success was a factor in the growth of strong British players shortly after Miles became a GM. Miles won games against a number of former World Chess Champions, including Vasily Smyslov, Mikhail Tal, and Boris Spassky. In 1980 at the European Team Championship in Skara, he beat reigning world champion Anatoly Karpov with black using the extremely unorthodox opening 1. e4 a6!?, the so-called English Defence. Miles beat Karpov again three years later in Bath in a game that was part of the BBC's "Mastergame" series, but it was never shown on television due to a technicians' strike. However, over their careers, Karpov won most of the other encounters.

Miles won the British Chess Championship only once, in 1982. His prime time as a chess player was in the middle of the eighties. In the January 1984 FIDE rating system, he ranked #18 in the world with a rating of 2599. One of his best (and most controversial) results was his win at the Tilburg tournament in 1984. The following year, he tied for first there with Robert Hübner and Viktor Korchnoi, playing several of his games while lying face-down on a table, having injured his back.

Playing on top board for England, Miles helped his team to an all-time best silver medal at the 1986 Chess Olympiad in Dubai. But he was never able to qualify for the Candidates' series for the world title, and was overtaken by fellow Englishman Nigel Short in 1985.

Against Garry Kasparov Miles had little success, not winning a game against him, and losing a 1986 match in Basel against him by the overwhelming score of 5.5–0.5. Following this encounter, Miles described Kasparov as a "monster with a thousand eyes who sees all".

After he was hospitalized because of a mental breakdown in late 1987, Miles moved to the United States. He finished last in the 1988 US Championship, but continued to play there and had some good results. In 1991, he played in the Championship of Australia, but he eventually moved back to England, and began to represent his home country again. He was equal first at the very strong Cappelle-la-Grande Open in 1994, 1995 and 1997. He also won the Capablanca Memorial in Cuba three times (1995, 1996, and 1999). His last tournament victory was the 2001 Canadian Open Chess Championship in Sackville, New Brunswick.

Miles played in the 2001 British Championship, but withdrew before the final round, apparently because of ill-health.

The "Miles Variation" (1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e6 3.Nf3 b6 4.Bf4) in the Queen's Indian Defence is named after him.

In his later years, Miles became grossly overweight, and suffered from diabetes. A post mortem found that this contributed to his death by heart failure.

Miles was in many ways a controversial figure. He had his disagreements with chess authorities and with his fellow English players, particularly Keene and Short. Miles made accusations regarding payments that Keene had received from the British Chess Federation for acting as his second (assistant) in the 1985 Interzonal tournament in Tunis. Miles became rather obsessed with the affair, eventually suffering a mental breakdown over it. He was arrested in September 1987 in Downing Street, apparently under the belief that he had to speak to the then Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher about the matter. He was subsequently hospitalised for two months. Writing in the Daily Telegraph in November 2003, Nigel Short claimed that "Tony was insanely jealous of my success, and his inability to accept that he was no longer Britain's number one was an indication of, if not a trigger for, his descent into madness".

Miles was also noted for his acerbic wit. He often attacked chess personalities in published articles. He attacked former World Champion Anatoly Karpov in an article entitled "Has Karpov lost his marbles?" .




Reheselja

Reheselja is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Bobby Roode

Robert "Bobby" Francis Roode Jr. (born May 11, 1976) is a Canadian professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, where he is a producer. As an active wrestler in the WWE, he became a one-time NXT, United States and WWE 24/7 Champion, and a three-time Tag Team Champion (two reigns as Raw Tag Team Champion with Chad Gable and Dolph Ziggler and one as SmackDown Tag Team Championship with Ziggler).

He is also known for his 12-year run for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. He was a member of the stable Team Canada, and the tag team Beer Money, Inc., along with James Storm. Together they are five-time TNA World Tag Team Champions and the longest reigning champions in TNA history. As a singles wrestler, Roode is a two-time TNA World Heavyweight Champion, with his first reign being the second longest reign in the company's history at 256 days.



Emmaste

Emmaste is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Haldi, Estonia

Haldi is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Haldreka

Haldreka is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

The Great Milenko

The Great Milenko is the fourth studio album by American Horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse. It was released on June 25, 1997 by Hollywood Records. The producers of the album were Insane Clown Posse and Mike E. Clark. The album was the fourth of the "Joker Cards" in the band's Dark Carnival series of concept albums. Three singles were released from the album. Most of the reviews of the album were bad.

Harju, Emmaste Parish

Harju is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Jausa

Jausa is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kabuna

Kabuna is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kaderna

Kaderna is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kõmmusselja

Kõmmusselja is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Külaküla

Külaküla is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Külama

Külama is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Laartsa

Laartsa is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Leisu

Leisu is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Tärkma

Tärkma is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Emmaste Parish

Emmaste is a rural municipality of the Estonian county of Hiiumaa, at the south of the island.

Emmaste, Haldi, Haldreka, Harju, Härma, Hindu, Jausa, Kabuna, Kaderna, Kitsa, Kõmmusselja, Külaküla, Külama, Kurisu, Kuusiku, Laartsa, Lassi, Leisu, Lepiku, Metsalauka, Metsapere, Muda, Mänspe, Nurste, Ole, Prassi, Prähnu, Pärna, Rannaküla, Reheselja, Riidaküla, Selja, Sepaste, Sinima, Sõru, Tilga, Tohvri, Tärkma, Ulja, Valgu, Vanamõisa, Viiri, Õngu.

Metsalauka

Metsalauka is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Nurste

Nurste is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Sõru

Sõru is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Sepaste

Sepaste is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Viiri

Viiri is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Prassi

Prassi is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Encyclopedia Americana

Encyclopedia Americana is an encyclopedia in English published by Scholastic.


Ulja

Ulja is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Sinima

Sinima is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Prähnu

Prähnu is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Deepwater Horizon oil spill

The "Deepwater Horizon" oil spill or the BP oil spill, the Gulf of Mexico spill, or the Macondo blowout, was an oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. It was the largest marine oil spill in history. 
The spill was caused by an oil gusher when the drilling machines exploded on April 20, 2010. The explosion killed 11 workers and injured 17 people. 

They first tried to fix the leak, but that did not work. On July 19, the leak was stopped by putting a cap on top of the broken wellhead pipe. About 7.9 million barrels (780×10 m) of crude oil spilled out before the well was fixed. The amount of oil coming out of the broken well probably started at about 52,000 barrels per day (9,900 m/d) and gradually went down after that.

The spill damaged animal and plant habitats as well as the Gulf's fishing and tourism businesses. Scientists also found oil underwater that could not be seen from the top. People worked to protect hundreds of miles of beaches, wetlands, and estuaries along the northern Gulf coast. The U.S. Government named British Petroleum (BP) as responsible. The company has paid for cleaning up and other damage. By the end of 2011, the U.S. Coast Guard’s Operational Scientific Advisory Team said that there were no more ocean areas needing special cleanup from the oil spill. They were not sure of the condition of the shore.
On May 27, 2010, U.S. President Barack Obama temporarily stopped new drilling for offshore oil rigs. He also made new safety rules to try to stop other oil spills from happening. British Petroleum (BP Oil) owned the Deepwater Horizon oil rig. This company was mostly responsible for the damage caused by the oil spill. They paid out several billion dollars to help people who could not work after the oil spill and to pay for cleanup efforts.

Information in this section is from Upton, Harold F. "The Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill" and the Gulf of Mexico Fishing Industry. "Congressional Research Service Report for Congress", February 17, 2011, and the references they contain.

On May 3, 2010, The Gulf Coast Claims Center began to pay for emergency help to businesses and people (such as fishermen) who could not work because of the oil spill. By the end of August, 2010, The Gulf Coast Claims Center had paid more than $395 million. About one third of this money was paid to the fishing industry. By February, 2011, the GCCF had paid about $751 million to people in the business of fishing. People will have three years to figure their costs and ask GCCF for payment.

BP also started a program, called the Vessels of Opportunity Program, to hire local people (who would have been fishing) to use their boats to help clean up the spilled oil. However the program made little or no impact on the spill as the vessels were not fitted with recovery equipment.

There are also other ways for those in the U.S. fishing industry to get paid back for money they lost because of the Gulf oil spill. For example, the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund was started after the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill to help people hurt by oil spills. Another law, the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act lets the U.S. government give help when the Secretary of Commerce sees that all the fishing has failed in one place.

On May 2, 2010, 12 days after the blow up and fire of the Deepwater Horizon, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) closed 6,817 square miles of the Gulf of Mexico to fishing. The reason was to make sure that seafood that might be poisoned by the oil would not be sold and maybe make people sick. The U.S. government closed large areas to fishing from the middle of the Atchafalaya Bay of Louisiana, across the coasts of Mississippi and Alabama, and as far as Panama City, Florida. State waters were also closed to fishing in much of the same area. The largest area closed to fishing was 88,522 sq. miles (229,270 km) on June 2, 2010. By the end of November, 2010, most of the waters were opened to fishing again, with only 1041 sq miles (2697 km) still closed. However, there was still some oil residue to be found. For example, tar balls were sometimes found in shrimper’s nets.

Many animals and plants were killed by the Gulf oil spill. Scientists found dead, oil-covered animals including as birds, fish, shrimp, and oysters. Large, decaying fish covered in the thick, dark oil washed up on some beaches. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) found 1,746 birds. 1,014 of these birds had oil on them, 997 were dead, and 749 were alive. The NOAA also found 528 sea turtles, with 400 dead, and 128 alive. The NOAA found 51 mammals, including dolphins, with 47 dead and 4 alive. Some scientists cut open dead fish to look at the inside and found the oil was inside the gills and the heart.

Because fishing was stopped, many small fishing supply stores could not make money. The fishing companies did not have enough fish and lost customers. Normally, many people travel to this area to fish for fun. Because of the oil spill, fewer people traveled there. Therefore, travel businesses and people who help the visitors also lost money.

East of Mobile Bay, damage from oil spill cleanup crews and vehicles caused more damage to the fragile dune habitat than the oil spill itself. Dune habitats can be destroyed by nothing more than light foot traffic and in no way can support the egress of hundreds of vehicles being deployed. Despite large amounts of supporting evidence, BP still denies this and apparently has persons editing and or reverting Wikipedia articles in order to cover up collateral problems associated with the accident.

Scientists have thought about how much the plants and animals in the Gulf of Mexico would be changed after the oil spill. In general, chemicals in oil can hurt fish and shellfish. In the early life stages, many kinds of fish grow near the shore. Therefore, oil at the shore might change how many fish there are in future years. Also, affected species are part of a food web or provide living areas for other kinds. These things are possible, but there are not yet many actual data of how the fish and shellfish are doing after the oil spill. Most of the shrimp grow in one year. Therefore, changes in the number of shrimp caused by the Gulf oil spill will be known one or two years after the spill. It takes years for many kinds of fish to grow large enough to keep for food. Therefore, it will take years to know the effects of the Gulf oil spill on the very small fish.

The NOAA is still helping animals hurt by the Gulf oil spill. However, not many more are being reported. Instead, the NOAA is spending more time letting wildlife go back into the ocean. For example, sea turtles that were saved from the oil are being let back into the wild ocean. NOAA scientists on research boats have also been measuring whether it is now safe to eat fish from the Gulf (they have found that it is safe).

Counting done by Dauphin Island Sea Lab after the oil spill off the coasts of Mississippi and Alabama found that there were actually more of some kinds of fish a few months after the oil spill. Some scientists think that the closing of fishing areas kept the total number of fish high in spite of the oil spill.

One-third of the oysters sold in the United States come from Louisiana. However, the places where oysters grow have been hurt by recent hurricanes, higher than usual amounts of fresh water coming down the rivers (oysters need salt water) and also the Gulf oil spill. The Louisiana Division of Wildlife and Fisheries have been working with scientists at universities on better ways to grow oysters. Also, in June, 2011, more than 100 million oyster seeds and 500,000 baby oysters were put in test areas to help the oyster areas to grow back.

The US National Marine Fisheries Service thought that the 2011 brown shrimp harvest from waters off of Mississippi and Louisiana would be only slightly lower than usual. It was a much better harvest than in 2010 after the oil spill. Weather in the spring of 2011 was good for growing conditions for the brown shrimp.


Lithium hydroxide

Lithium hydroxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiOH. It contains lithium and hydroxide ions. 

Lithium hydroxide is a white solid.It is totally white in colour. It can be anhydrous (without extra water molecules attached) or hydrated (water added to it). It dissolves in water to make a basic solution. It reacts with acids to make lithium salts. 

Lithium hydroxide is made by reacting lithium carbonate with calcium hydroxide. A calcium carbonate solid is made and a lithium hydroxide solution is left behind. It can also be made by reacting lithium with water or by reacting lithium oxide with water. 

It is used in spaceships to absorb carbon dioxide. It reacts with carbon dioxide to make lithium carbonate. This prevents people from suffocating in a spaceship. Lithium hydroxide is used to make lithium greases. They are resistant to water and can be used in high or low temperatures. It is used to transfer heat. It can be used in electrolytes. It is also used to prevent corrosion in some nuclear reactors. It can be used to glaze ceramics and make cement.

Lithium hydroxide is corrosive, like the other alkali metal hydroxides. It is also a little toxic because it has lithium in it. It can burn skin.


Tilga, Hiiu County

Tilga is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Tohvri, Hiiu County

Tohvri is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Valgu, Hiiu County

Valgu is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Vanamõisa, Hiiu County

Vanamõisa is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Riidaküla

Riidaküla is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Metsapere

Metsapere is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Mänspe

Mänspe is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Great tit

The great tit ("Parus major") is a passerine bird in the tit family Paridae. It is found throughout Europe, the Middle East, Central and Northern Asia, and parts of North Africa. Most great tits do not migrate except in places with harsh winters. 

The great tit has a black head and throat. The back is olive-green and the stomach is yellow. It has a white spot on its cheek. The great tit is 12.5-14.0 centimetres long and weighs 16-21 grams. It is a song bird, and has up to 40 kinds of songs and sounds.

In the summer it eats insects and spiders. The great tit eats for example cockroach and grasshopper. 

The female lays about 12 eggs and broods them by herself. Both parents take care of the baby birds. The great tit feeds its fledglings on protein-rich caterpillars.

Bayda, Libya

Bayda or Al Bayda is a city in Libya. It is the capital of Al Jabal al Akhdar. Albayda was the first city to start the 17th of February revolution. It is on a high plateau and, until the unification of the two Yemen states in 1990, was part of North Yemen (Sanaa), though it lay near the disputed frontier with South Yemen (Aden).

Shin-Takashima Station

Shin-Takashima Station (新高島駅,しんたかしまえき) is a railway station of Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company in Nishi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.


Booby

A booby is a seabird in the genus Sula, in the order Suliformes. Boobies are large birds with long pointed wings and bills. They hunt fish and squid by diving into the sea and chasing their prey underwater. Facial air sacs under their skin help protect the impact with the water. Boobies get their name because of their lack of fear of humans. Early mariners named them boobies to denote their believed lack of intelligence.

Sakuragichō Station

Sakuragichō Station () is a railway station of JR East, Yokohama Municipal Subway in Naka-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.


Chicken turtle

The chicken turtle ("Deirochelys reticularia") is a freshwater turtle found in the southeastern United States. It has a long neck and a brownish shell with yellow lines on it. Their shells are 10 to 15 cm (4 to 6 inches) in length.

Pink fairy armadillo

The pink fairy armadillo ("Chlamyphorus truncatus") or pichiciego is the smallest species of armadillo. It is found in central Argentina where it lives in dry grasslands and sandy plains. 

The armadillo's body is 84–117 mm long and its tail is 27-35 mm long. They usually weigh 85 grams. Their armor is a pale pink, and their legs are covered with little white hairs. There is not enough information to say whether it is an endangered species.

The pink fairy armadillo, scientifically know as the Chlamyphorus truncatus, is the smallest living armadillo and one of the least-known burrowing mammals. They are native to central Argentina and are distinguished by their carapace consisting of hardened scales and osteoderms. Additionally, its skin and shell possess distinct features not found in other armadillos. This species exhibits predominantly subterranean behavior, which is a rare trait among burrowing mammals. This differentiation is important because it shows that they the specific skin under their shield suggests biomechanics adaptions, such as advancements in the displacement through the tunnels of sandy soils. 

In that environment, the diminutive, pink-hued creature burrows in search of insects, its primary food source. It displays remarkable excavation abilities, swiftly hiding itself from predators like foxes and owls by completely burying itself in a matter of seconds. Its carapace is multi-purposed used for protecting and shielding itself from predators, in addition to allowing it to move efficiently underground. 

Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever

The Nova Scotia Duck-Tolling Retriever is a breed of sport and hunting dog that originated in Canada in the 19th century to help hunters with attracting ducks within gunshot range and bringing the duck back to the hunter. They stand 17-21 inches (43 to 53 cm) and weigh 43 to 51 pounds (19 to 23 kg). They are the smallest of the retrievers. Its thick coat of fur protects it from the icy cold water.

The Four Stages of Cruelty

The Four Stages of Cruelty is a series of four printed engravings. They were published by the English artist William Hogarth in 1751. Every print is about a different part of life of Tom Nero, a fictional (not real) character.

The "First stage of Cruelty" shows Nero, when he is a child, hurting a dog. In the "Second stage of cruelty", Nero, who is an adult, beats his horse. Then in "Cruelty in perfection", he becomes a robber and murders his pregnant lover. At last, in "The reward of cruelty", his body is taken from the gallows after his execution and is cut up into pieces by surgeons. This last annotation refers directly to the act of parliament then under consideration and passed in 1752 which changed the law to require the bodies of executed murderers to be surrendered to the surgeons for use in anatomy classes and only buried after they had been anatomized. The act was created in response to the increase in murders, especially in the suburbs of London.

William Hogarth, who had been very unhappy at the acts of cruelty that he saw on the streets of London, printed the pictures for moral learning. They were printed on cheap paper for poor people. The pictures are rougher and more violent than Hogarth's other works, which usually have touches of humor. He had felt he needed to do this to make people understand his message. However, the pictures still have the small, careful details that Hogarth is famous for.

Like most of his other prints, such as "Beer Street" and "Gin Lane", Hogarth wanted "The Four Stages of Cruelty" to be a warning against cruel and evil acts, and that it was easy for a small bully to become a criminal. He wished to stop "that barbarous (mean) treatment of animals, the very sight of which renders (makes) the streets of our metropolis so distressing (terrible) to every feeling mind". Hogarth loved animals. When he painted a portrait of himself, he included his pug in the picture. He also marked the graves of his dogs and birds at his home in Chiswick.

Hogarth was pleased with his pictures. "European Magazine" reported that he said to a person who sold books named Mr. Sewell:

In his unfinished "Apology for Painters" he added:
In his 1817 book "Shakespeare and His Times", Nathan Drake said that picture in the first plate changed the opinion of people about "throwing at cocks", and encouraged them to be firmer about stopping the people who did these things.

Some people, however, did not like the series very much. Charles Lamb said that the series were not as good as Hogarth's other works. Art historian Allan Cunningham also disliked the series:

Getting Things Done

Getting Things Done (GTD) is a way of organizing all the things a person has to do. The method was made by David Allen. He has written a book about this subject, with the title of his method.

The Getting Things Done method follows a simple rule: by writing down all tasks your mind is free to focus on the task at hand. In this way, the mind does not have to remember all the things he still has to do.


Uncle Sam

Uncle Sam was first featured on a poster during World War I. It was used to get men and women to sign up for the army. Citizenship and duty went together with Uncle Sam. Uncle Sam is based on a real person named Samuel Wilson, who lived in Troy, New York. He owned a meat packing business with his brother. During the War of 1812, he supplied food for the American soldiers. The food barrels had a “U.S.” on them for United States. The troops knew Samuel was sending the food and called it “Uncle Sam’s.” In 1813 Uncle Sam became the nickname for the US Federal Government. People began to draw Uncle Sam in different ways. Thomas Nast was the first to popularize the image of Uncle Sam, from 1860-1870. Nast gave him a white beard and a Stars and Stripes suit. However, Uncle Sam was not yet done changing. By the early 1900s, Uncle Sam looked nothing like Samuel Wilson. In 1916, James Montgomery Flagg drew his own version of Uncle Sam. In his version Uncle Sam was wearing a tall top hat, blue jacket, and was pointing straight at the viewer. His version was put on the cover of Leslie’s Weekly with the caption “What Are You Doing For Preparedness?” In 1917 Flagg’s Uncle Sam reappeared as a poster with the caption “I Want You.” This poster was used all throughout World War I. The poster reappeared in World War II. Flagg’s illustration is now the standard for Uncle Sam. Uncle Sam has become one of the most iconic images in American politics.

Frederic William Henry Myers

Frederic William Henry Myers (1843 – 1901) was a classical scholar, poet, philosopher, and past president of the Society for Psychical Research.

Frederic William Henry Myers was educated at Cheltenham College, and Trinity College, Cambridge where he received a B.A. in 1865.

In 1900 Myers was president of the Society for Psychical Research.

In 1903, after Myers death, "Human Personality and Its Survival of Bodily Death" was compiled and published. It was two large books at 1,360 pages in length, which presented an overview of Myers' research into the unconscious mind. 

Frederic Myers had a big influence on William James, Pierre Janet, Théodore Flournoy and Carl Jung.


Joseph Blackburne

Joseph Henry Blackburne (Manchester, 10 December 1841 – London, 1 September 1924), nicknamed 'The Black Death', was the leading British chess Grandmaster during the later part of the 19th century. 

Blackburne learned the game at the relatively late age of 18 but quickly became a strong player. He went on to develop a professional chess career that spanned over 50 years. At one point he was the world's second most successful player, with a string of tournament victories behind him. Blackburne especially enjoyed giving simultaneous and blindfold displays around the country. Blackburne also annotated a collection of his own games (explained the moves), and was a chess correspondent for a leading journal until his death.

Blackburne was fond of Scotch whisky, and often drank during a display. He once drank his opponent's glass, and said: "He left it "en prise", and I took it "en passant!"" Much loved, he was supported by subscriptions from his fans in his last years.

Stile

A stile is a simple wooden structure which helps people to climb over a fence in the countryside. Where there is a footpath (a right of way) which goes through a field with animals, there may be a stile so that walkers can climb over out of the field. The stile is there instead of a gate. If there were a gate and there were animals in the field, the animals could escape if the gate were left open. Stiles are, of course, a problem for people who are disabled.

There are many stiles in the countryside in the United Kingdom. Another way of letting walkers through but keeping animals in is to use a kissing gate.


Behaviorism

Behaviorism is an approach to study behavior based only on what can be directly seen. Behaviorists focus on relationships between stimuli and responses.

Unseen qualities such as states of mind (any condition which is significantly different from a normal waking state e.g. as a result of fear or anxiety) were not used in this type of study even though we know that the mind plays a part in all advanced animals' behaviors. Behaviorism states that behavior can be studied without knowing what the physiology of an event is, and without using theories such as that of the mind. By definition, all behavior can be observed.

Behaviorism also relied on another idea, that all human behavior was learned. Behaviorists believed that behavior could be explained by classical or operant conditioning. This is learning as a result of influences from past experiences. However, behaviorists denied the importance of inherited behaviors, instincts (inherent inclination of a living organism), or inherited tendency to behave. They did not believe, or ignored, the idea of heredity(passing of traits to offspring from parents), that something can come from a person's genes. This was the idea of the blank slate, that babies are born with a clean, empty mind. Humans, when born, are thought not to have mental experience or knowledge, and that everything is learned after they grow. The blank slate premise is opposed by modern evolutionary psychology.

Major contributors, scientists to the field of behaviorism include C. Lloyd Morgan, Ivan Pavlov, Edward Thorndike, John B. Watson and B.F. Skinner.

Pavlov researched classical conditioning through the use of dogs and their natural ability to salivate, produce water in their mouths. Thorndike and Watson rejected looking at one's own conscious thoughts and feelings ("Introspection"). They wanted to restrict psychology to experimental methods. Skinner's research leant mainly on behavior shaping using positive reinforcement (rewards rather than punishments).

Today, ideas from behaviorism are used in cognitive-behavioral therapy. Cognitive-behavioral therapy can help people deal with anxieties and phobias, as well as with certain forms of addiction.

As a scientific theory, behaviorism has largely been replaced by cognitive psychology.

The act of conditioning is when a wanted behavior is made through training. This is done by matching stimuli with a specific behavior. Some behaviors are natural reflexes which people (and animals) are born with. Infants are born with inherited reflexes that help them eat, communicate, and survive. These reflexes are unconditioned, they are not taught to the baby.

Classical conditioning (also known as Pavlovian conditioning) is when a conditioned stimulus causes an unconditioned response. This explains how people get new responses to different stimuli.

Another example of an unconditioned response is when wind is blown in a person's eyes and they blink without thinking to prevent dust or something from getting into them. This is a reflex that is innate.

Fear conditioning is when a stimulus that used to be a neutral stimulus is used to create fear. One main example is the Little Albert experiment by Watson and Rayner. The researchers tested infants' emotional reactions. They found that Little Albert would react to a loud noise and because of that he conditioned that noise to elicit fear when he saw a white rat. This came to be known as 'conditioned emotional response'. After a period of time, Little Albert would cry when he saw a white rat or anything small and white, even his stuffed animal.

Operant conditioning is also known as instrumental conditioning. It was studied by Thorndike and Skinner.


Pärna

Pärna is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Muda, Estonia

Muda küla is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant

The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Iran. It is about southeast of the city of Bushehr. It is between the fishing villages of Halileh and Bandargeh along the Persian Gulf.

The power plant was first planned back in the 1970s. German companies started the work in 1975, but stopped in 1979. Later, Russia took over the planning. The governments of Iran and Russia agreed to build the nuclear plant. It costs about $800 million dollars.

The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant is now Iran's first nuclear power plant. It was first filled with nuclear material on 21 August 2010.

Härma, Hiiu County

Härma is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Hindu, Hiiu County

Hindu is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kitsa, Estonia

Kitsa is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Lepiku, Hiiu County

Lepiku is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kuusiku, Hiiu County

Kuusiku is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Lassi, Hiiu County

Lassi is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Emmaste-Kurisu

Kurisu is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Ole, Estonia

Ole is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Rannaküla, Hiiu County

Rannaküla is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Õngu

Õngu is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Emmaste-Selja

Selja is a village in Emmaste Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Border Collie

The Border Collie is a breed of dog that originated along the English-Scottish border. It is one of the most intelligent dog breeds. They have been used to herd livestock for over 300 years. It is also famous for a pet or show-dog. The border collie is about 20 inches (51 cm) in height and weighs 31 to 50 pounds (14 to 23 kg). It is usually a long-haired dog. Its coat is often black and white in color.

The Border Collie is a member of the collie dog breed group.

As with other herding and sheepdogs, border collies can be fiercely protective of their territory and their owners. This inclination (likelihood) to protect their family makes them ideal guard dogs. If a border collie notices anything new, they will always alert the family by barking loudly. 

Exercise is one of the most important aspects of caring for a Border Collie. The herding dog breed has had over a hundred years of genetic reinforcement (to strengthen) to provide them with intelligence, agility, and a high energy level to perform a job (wrangling sheep) that they generally no longer have to do. This is why Border Collies are not recommended for pet owners who may be unable to provide their dogs with high amounts of exercise.

Ala, Hiiu County

Ala is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Aruküla, Hiiu County

Aruküla is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Hagaste

Hagaste is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Pühalepa-Harju

Harju is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Hausma

Hausma is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Pyrolusite

Pyrolusite is the natural form (ore) of manganese dioxide. Its hardness is about 5 on the Mohs scale. It is used in batteries, although many batteries use artificial manganese dioxide. It is an oxide mineral.


Manganese(II) oxide

Manganese(II) oxide is a chemical compound. It contains manganese in its +2 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is MnO. It is made by reduction of manganese(IV) oxide by hydrogen, carbon monoxide, or methane. It is also made by heating manganese carbonate.


Manganese carbonate

Manganese carbonate, also known as manganese(II) carbonate, is a chemical compound. It is a brownish powder with a chemical formula of MnCO. It can be heated to produce manganese(II) oxide and carbon dioxide. It is made by reacting a soluble manganese compound such as manganese(II) chloride with sodium carbonate. 


Manganese(II) chloride

Manganese(II) chloride is a chemical compound. It has a chemical formula of MnCl. It is a light pink crystalline solid. It is used to make manganese carbonate and manganese(II) oxide. It is made by reacting manganese with hydrochloric acid or hydrogen chloride. It is also made when manganese(IV) oxide is reacted with hydrochloric acid; this reaction also produces chlorine.


Manganese oxide

Manganese oxide can refer to either of the following compounds:


Minardi

Minardi was an automobile racing team and constructor. It was founded in 1979 by Giancarlo Minardi. It competed in the Formula One World Championship from 1985 until 2005. The team was headquartered in Faenza, Italy. They had little success, but acquiring a loyal group of fans. In 2001 the team was nearly out of money, and was about to shut down. To save the team Mr. Minardi sold it to Australian businessman Paul Stoddart. Stoddart ran the team for five years. Then Stoddart sold the team to the energy drink company Red Bull in 2005. Red Bull renamed the team Scuderia Toro Rosso.

During its time in F1, the team scored a total of 38 championship points. 16 earned by the team's first driver, Pierluigi Martini. Martini also recorded the team's only front row start, 2nd at the United States Grand Prix. Martini led a lap in the Portuguese Grand Prix. The team never achieved a podium (top 3) finish. The best finishing position they managed was 4th place. Martini finished 4th twice in and Christian Fittipaldi in .

Before Minardi's demise, it was a well-liked team within Formula One circles. In the paddock, the team was known for it friendliness, accessibility, and lack of corporate culture. On the track, their cars were considered by many as well-designed for their tiny budget. They never had the money to spend compared to front-runners such as Ferrari and McLaren. Their low running position was a result of a lack of funds and engine power, rather than a poor car. They also resisted employing pay drivers more than most other teams short on money. Pay drivers are drivers who pay the team to drive the race car. Most professional race drivers are paid by a team to drive. Minardi produced an impressive list of former drivers. Two-time World Champion Fernando Alonso drove for them in . Former Minardi drivers who have gone on to win Grands Prix include Alessandro Nannini, Giancarlo Fisichella, Jarno Trulli and Mark Webber. Alex Zanardi, who drove as a substitute driver for Minardi in , went on to win two Champ Car titles. Justin Wilson and Christian Fittipaldi have also won races in premier North American open-wheel competition.

The Minardi family has a longstanding involvement in motorsport. The family has run a Fiat dealership since 1927. Giovanni Minardi competed in his own cars in the late 1940s. After his death, his son Giancarlo took over the racing part of the family business. He ran customer cars in Formula Two under various names from 1972 to 1979. Giancarlo briefly ran a customer Formula One Ferrari as Scuderia Everest in 1976. In 1979, he gaining financial backing Piero Mancini. Mancini was a well known Italian motor racing patron (supporter). This backing allowed Giancarlo to set up the Minardi racing team as a constructor.

The Minardi team first competed under that name in the 1980 European Formula Two championship. The team commissioned a BMW powered design from Giacomo Caliri's FLY studios. Caliri had earler build Fittipaldi Automotive team's F5A Formula One car. The Minardi team had four moderately successful Formula Two seasons with a variety of young drivers, including Alessandro Nannini and Johnny Cecotto. The team's most best result was a 1981 win at the Misano Circuit by Michele Alboreto. Minardi left the Formula Two division at the end of 1984. In 1986 a modified version of their final Formula Two car was entered in two rounds of the Formula 3000 championship. Formula 3000 had replaced Formula Two in 1985 Minardi did not have any success in Formula 3000.

During 1984, Minardi made the decision to enter Formula One the next year. Caliri designed the team's prototype Formula One car. The car was intended to be used for both Formula One and the new Formula 3000 series. The car was designed to use the Alfa Romeo's V8 turbocharged engine. When engineer Carlo Chiti left Alfa Romeo, he founded Motori Moderni. Minardi became the only customer for Chiti's new V6 engine design. The engine was not ready for the start of the , so the team converted their chassis, the M185. They used a Cosworth DFV V8 engine for the first two races. The single car team was unsuccessful in its first year. They did not score any points. The new engine was underpowered. Driver Pierluigi Martini finished only two races. Martini's best was 8th place.

The team expanded to two cars for the season. They had little success competing with the Motori Moderni engine. In they started using the Cosworth engines. The team became more competitive. By had become top entrant for tyre maker Pirelli's return to Formula One. The team were moderately successful in the middle of the field through the late 1980s and early 1990s. Minardi gave a number of Italian drivers their first chance at the top level, including Alessandro Nannini, Pierluigi Martini and Gianni Morbidelli. Martini in especially tied with Minardi, driving for them three different times. He drove for them on their debut in . Scored their first point in the United States Grand Prix. Took their only front-row start at USA Grand Prix, aided by special Pirelli tyres. Led their only lap in the Portuguese Grand Prix. Martini was one of the drivers that scored Minardi F1 result of 4th place.

Through the mid-1990s the team was at the beginning of the end of the Italian Formula One constructors. It was the first team in modern times to make use of customer engines. They used Ferrari engines in . In they switched to Lamborghini V12 engines. In they went to Ford engines. As the number of small teams shrank, Minardi slipped from the mid-field towards the back of the pack. The team was short on money. In Minardi joined his team with BMS Scuderia Italia in an effort to survive. The Minardi team was then controlled by Flavio Briatore.

Gabriele Rumi was an Italian businessman and the former owner of the Fondmetal Formula One team. Rumi had been sponsoring Tyrrell. In Rumi switched his sponsorship support to Minardi. He became more interested in the team, and became the co-owner and chairman. For the season the team were forced to use 1998 specification Ford Zetec-R V10 engines, which were renamed as Fondmetal engines. Rumi had contracted cancer, and was forced to withdraw his backing in 2000. The team scored very few points in this era. Only seven points were scored, four of them by Martini. Michele Alboreto scored his last point in Formula One with a sixth place in the Monaco Grand Prix. Pedro Lamy scored his one and only point in Formula One with a sixth place in the Australian Grand Prix.

The team, near financial collapse, was purchased by Australian businessman Paul Stoddart in early 2001. Stoddaart merged the team with his European Racing Formula 3000 team. During its final years, the Minardi team was almost as famous for its politics as its racing. Stoddart was described as the Formula One teams' unofficial representative. Stoddart tried to get the costs for the teams reduced. He asked to the other car manufacturers for help. He wanted an agreement where the independent teams in Formula One would get cheaper engine deals. In return, the teams that benefited from this deal would support the factory teams with the FIA. This would help the factory teams oppose new rule changes, such as the proposed ban on traction control.

Before the start of the season, Stoddart threatened to support the ban on traction control. Later he withdrew this threat. Before the Australian Grand Prix Stoddart threatened to withdraw his cars. There were new regulation in place for 2005. He claimed that Minardi could not afford to modify their cars. Once again Stoddart ended up withdrawing his threat. Several times, Stoddart called for the resignation of Max Mosley, the FIA's President.

One of Minardi's most famous performances came at the Australian Grand Prix. It was Australian driver Mark Webber's first Formula One race. At his and Stoddart's home grand prix, Webber brought the car home in fifth place finish. He scored two World Championship points, a rare occurrence for Minardi.

Minardi was represented in by two rookies, Italian Gianmaria "Gimmi" Bruni and Hungarian Zsolt Baumgartner. During the year, they celebrated their 20th season in F1. Baumgartner scored Minardi's first point in more than two years at the United States Grand Prix. Only eight cars finished the USGP, and Baumgartner finished 8th. Baumgartner was also the first Hungarian to score a point in a World Championship F1 race.

In , Minardi's drivers were Christijan Albers and Patrick Friesacher. They scored a total of 7 points, the most since the season. All of the points came from the debacle of the United States Grand Prix. They finished fifth and sixth. Only six cars started the race. None of the cars running Michelins started the race because of tyre problems. After Friesacher sponsors stopped paying him before the German Grand Prix, he was replaced by the Jordan test driver, Robert Doornbos. This created the first ever all-Dutch driver line-up in Formula One history.

Paul Stoddart stated that he would sell Minardi if he could find the right buyer. Stoddart said he had 41 offers to buy the team. His conditions for a sale was the ability of a buyer to move the team forward and leave the team based in Faenza. The drinks manufacturer Red Bull already owned one Formula One team, Red Bull Racing. They decided to set up a second team. They would promote American drivers through its young driver program, the Red Bull Driver Search.

On 10 September 2005 Red Bull announced it would take control of Minardi in November and run it as their "rookie team" from .

Minardi fans worldwide immediately started an online petition to save the Minardi team name and the team's 20-year heritage. The petition was not successful and the team was renamed Scuderia Toro Rosso for the 2006 season. The team's funding from Red Bull was increased. They started using the Red Bull chassis and Ferrari engines. Their results improved, and Toro Rosso scored their first win at the Italian Grand Prix.

Giancarlo Minardi and Paul Stoddart have both made use of the Minardi name in new motorsport ventures.

On 1 January 2006, Giancarlo Minardi re-acquired some rights to use the Minardi name in racing. He announced that he was licensing the Minardi name to an existing team GP Racing in the junior Euro Formula 3000 series, to be entitled 'Minardi Team by GP Racing'. The team raced with moderate success, scoring a podium in each leg of the Spa round in June 2006. For 2007, Minardi Team by GP Racing combined forces with GP2 team Piquet Sports, to form Minardi Piquet Sports. For 2008 the team is known simply as Piquet Sports.

In 2006, Paul Stoddart declared his intention to enter a new team called 'European Minardi F1 Team Ltd' into Formula One beginning in 2008. His application was unsuccessful, with the 12th place on the grid being awarded to Prodrive. Prodrive was unsuccessful in launching their F1 team. Stoddart turned his attentions to the U.S. based Champ Car series. On 18 December 2006, it was confirmed that he had purchased a controlling interest in the CTE Racing-HVM Champ Car team. The team would be renamed Minardi Team USA. In 2007, the team had some success. Robert Doornbos won two times and had several podium finishes. He finished third in the series, and won Rookie of the Year honors. The Champ Car series folded before the 2008 season. Stoddart's team entering the IndyCar Series under the HVM name.

Stoddart retains the right to use the Minardi name for a British-registered company.


Samuel Reshevsky

Samuel Reshevsky (Szmul Rzeszewski, near Łódź, 26 November 1911 – New York, 4 April 1992) was a Polish-American chess Grandmaster.

Sammy was a famous chess prodigy, and later a leading American chess Grandmaster. He was a contender for the World Chess Championship from about 1935 to the mid-1960s. He came equal third in the World Chess Championship 1948 tournament, and equal second in the 1953 Candidates Tournament. He was also an eight-time winner of the U.S. Chess Championship.

He was the greatest American player in the long period between Pillsbury (d.1906) and Fischer. Sammy was an Orthodox Jew, and did not play on the Jewish Sabbath: his tournament games were re-arranged. He was a regular top board for the USA at Chess Olympiads. He played in eight Olympiads, helping the U.S. team to win the gold in 1937.

Sammy was tremendously strong in matches, and the Soviets made sure he never got the chance to play Botvinnik in a match. He played eleven of the first twelve world champions, and drew a match against Fischer at the age of 49. His one weakness as a player was his time trouble. He used up so much of his time in the early stages of a game that he was often short of time at the end. This probably cost him the Candidates tournament in 1953.

Reshevsky was not a full-time chess player. He was a qualified accountant.


London Bridge

London Bridge is a bridge over the River Thames. It is in central London, and connects the City of London with Southwark. It is between Cannon Street Railway Bridge and Tower Bridge.

On the south side of the bridge are Southwark Cathedral and London Bridge station. On the north side are the Monument to the Great Fire of London and Monument tube station.

It was previously the only bridge over the Thames downstream from Kingston until Putney Bridge opened in 1729. The current bridge opened on 17th March 1973 and is the latest in a succession of bridges to occupy the spot and claim the name.

The bridge carries part of the A3 road, which is maintained by the Greater London Authority; the bridge itself is owned and maintained by a charity overseen by the City of London Corporation.

The name London Bridge is often mistakenly applied to Tower Bridge, which is the next bridge downstream.There's also a Nursery rhyme and Folk song about London Bridge called <nowiki>"London Bridge is Falling Down"</nowiki>

A bridge has existed at or near the present site over the period from the Roman occupation of the area, nearly 2,000 years ago. The first bridge across the Thames in the London area, probably a military pontoon bridge, was built of wood by the Romans on the present site around 50 AD.

Around 59 AD, a piled bridge was constructed, and the local Britons built a small trading settlement next to it—the town of Londinium. The settlement and the bridge were destroyed in a revolt led by Queen Boudicca in 60 AD. The victory was short-lived, and soon afterwards the Romans defeated the rebels and set about building a new walled town. Some of the 2nd-century Roman wall has survived to this day. The new town and bridge were built around the position of the present bridge, providing access to the south-coast ports via Stane Street (the A3 route) and Watling Street (the A2).

The southern gatehouse, the Stone Gateway, became the scene of one of London's most notorious sights: a display of the severed heads of traitors, stuck on pikes and dipped in tar to preserve them. The head of William Wallace was the first to appear on the gate, in 1305, starting a tradition that was to continue for another 355 years. Other famous heads on pikes included those of Jack Cade in 1450, Thomas More in 1535, Bishop John Fisher in the same year, and Thomas Cromwell in 1540. In 1598 a German visitor to London counted over 30 heads on the bridge:
The practice was finally stopped in 1660.

The mediaeval bridge itself was demolished in 1831.

Until 1750 when Westminster Bridge was built, London bridge was the only structure crossing the River Thames.

The medieval bridge was replaced in 1831, but in 1967 it was dismantled and re-assembled as "London Bridge (Lake Havasu City) London Bridge" at Lake Havasu City, Arizona, now linking an island in the Colorado River with the main part of Lake Havasu City.

In 1968, the current bridge was built.

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames.

At 22:08 BST on 3 June 2017, a van rammed multiple pedestrians on London Bridge. The incident, along with a stabbing attack in Borough Market, led to seven deaths. Three presumed terrorists were shot dead by the police.


Heltermaa

Heltermaa is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Hiiessaare

Hiiessaare is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Hilleste

Hilleste is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kõlunõmme

Kõlunõmme is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kukka

Kukka is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Leerimetsa

Leerimetsa is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Linnumäe

Linnumäe is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Lõbembe

Lõbembe is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Palade

Palade is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Suuresadama

Suuresadama is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Nõmba

Nõmba is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia. It is in the middle of a forest. Many of the old buildings have thatched roofs, which have been restored. There used to be seven windmills in the village in the early 1900s, but these have all been pulled down.

Bull Terrier

The Bull Terrier is a breed of dog that originated in 19th-century England from a mixture of other dogs. They were first used as fighting dogs. 

Bull terriers have a short coat, small triangular eyes and an egg shaped head. They are about 21–22 inches (53–56 cm) in height and weigh about 50–60 pounds (23–27 kg). Bull terriers are very strong for their size.


Bullmastiff

The Bullmastiff is a breed of dog. It started in 19th-century England. It is a mixture of a bulldog and a mastiff. It has a short tan, reddish-brown coat with black on the face and ears.
It stands and weighs . Bullmastiffs were originally used to discourage poaching and are now also used by police and as guard dogs.

Partsi

Partsi is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Chow Chow

The Chow Chow is a breed of dog that originated in China and is believed to be one of the oldest dog breed. It has a large head, a curly tail and a blue tongue. It has a thick coat of fur and can be either rough or smooth. Most Chow Chows are a reddish brown or black color. It stands about 17–20 inches (43–51 cm) and weighs 45–70 pounds (20–32 kg).

Fredonia

Fredonia can refer to any of the following places:

Chad Johnson

Chad Javon Johnson (born January 9, 1978 in Miami, Florida) is an American football wide receiver. He currently plays for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He has also played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Cincinnati Bengals. Johnson was drafted out of the Oregon State University by the Cincinnati Bengals with the 36th pick in the second round of the 2001 NFL Draft.

On April 17, 2014, Johnson signed a two-year deal to play for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.

He was also known as Chad Ochocinco.


Kevin McKidd

Kevin McKidd (born 9 August 1973) is a Scottish actor. He has played many acting roles such as Lucius Vorenus on "Rome", as Dan Vasser on "Journeyman", as Poseidon on ", and as Dr. Owen Hunt on "Grey's Anatomy".

Meqabyan

Meqabyan (Amharic: መቃብያን), also called called Ethiopic Maccabees or Ethiopian Maccabees, are three books in the Ethiopian Orthodox Old Testament Biblical canon. These books are very different in content from the books of Maccabees in Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Bibles. The Maccabees described in these books are not those of the Hasmonean dynasty, and the "Five Holy Maccabean Martyrs" here do not match "Woman with seven sons", who were also called "Maccabees" and are revered throughout Orthodoxy as the "Holy Maccabean Martyrs".

These books were only written in Ethiopian languages for a long time, but have recently been translated into English.
According to this book, a certain man from the territory of Benjamin called Meqabis had three sons Abya (Amharic: አብያ- Abijah), Seela (Amharic: ሴላ- Shelah), and Pantos (Pantera), who opposed the tyrannical policies of the king and refused to worship his idols. Their account consumes only a short section of the book, spanning chapters 2 through chapter 5.  A second group of brothers are later introduced in Chapter 15. They are called: Yihuda (Amharic: ይሁዳ- Judah), Meqabis and Mebikyas, and they are said to have lead a successful revolt against the ruthless King Akrandis of Midian. This appears to be a historical allusion to the king Alexander I Balas, who ruled the Seleucid Empire after the death of Antiochius IV, and who supported the legitimacy of the Maccabees cause. However, in this folk rendering of history, Mebikyas enters the king's military camp and decapitates him at his dinner table, while his food was still in his mouth. The remainder of the book, chapters 16 to 36, have no dealing with the Maccabees (disambiguation) revolt and offer no further historical narrative. Their purpose is unknown, as they recount significant events from the Old Testament.


    Selassie, Feqade. Ethiopian Books of Meqabyan 1–3, in Standard English. 2008; Lulu Press Inc, Raleigh, NC

    Curtin, D.P. The 1st Book of Ethiopian Maccabees. 2017; Dalcassian Publishing, Philadelphia, PA


Bloodhound

The Bloodhound is a large breed of dog famous for its tracking ability by scent. It stands 23–27 inches (58–69 cm) tall and weighs 80–110 pounds (36–50 kg). It has a long nose, large ears with wrinkles on its face. Its fur is short and its coat is usually a brown and black color. Bloodhounds are known to be a gentle and affectionate breed. This breed lives an average of six years and nine months. Bloodhounds are often used by police because of their tracking ability.

Celosia

Celosia is a genus of plants in the family Amaranthaceae.

This plants grow in Eurasia, Africa, South America, and North America.

The number of species is more than 50. Some species:



Chris Kluwe

Christopher James Kluwe (born December 24, 1981 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a former American football Punter. Kluwe played for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL). Kluwe was undrafted but played college football at the University of California.

He is a supporter of same-sex marriage and released a letter on Deadspin that he sent to Maryland state assembly delegate Emmett Burns. In the letter he defended the opinions of Baltimore Ravens linebacker Brendon Ayanbadejo who is a supporter of same-sex marriage and criticized Burns for sending a letter to the Ravens owners to "inhibit such expressions" by their employee and trying to stifle Ayanbadejo's freedom of speech.


The Hangover (movie)

The Hangover is a 2009 American comedy movie and the first installment of the trilogy. The movie is directed by Todd Phillips, and stars Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin Bartha, Ken Jeong, Heather Graham and Jeffrey Tambor. It follows three men looking for another friend in Las Vegas, before the wedding is cancelled.


The Hangover received mostly positive reviews:



Wheel theory

Wheel theory is the theory of wheels. A wheel is an algebraic structure where division by 0 has meaning. The term "wheel" was inspired by the topological picture formula_1.

A wheel is an algebraic structure satisfying(for all values formula_2, formula_3, and formula_4):


Wheels replace the usual division with a applied to one argument formula_15 similar (but not identical) to the multiplicative inverse formula_16, such that formula_17 becomes shorthand for formula_18. Also, formula_19 replaces the fraction formula_20.


Fundamental theorem of calculus

The fundamental theorem of calculus is central to the study of calculus. It is the theorem that shows the relationship between the derivative and the integral and between the definite integral and the indefinite integral. It is broken into two parts, the first fundamental theorem of calculus and the second fundamental theorem of calculus.

A definition for derivative, definite integral, and indefinite integral (antiderivative) is necessary in understanding the fundamental theorem of calculus. The derivative can be thought of as measuring the change of the value of a variable with respect to another variable. The definite integral is the net area under the curve of a function and above the x-axis over an interval [a,b]. The indefinite integral (antiderivative) of a function f is another function F whose derivative is equal to the first function f.

The history of the fundamental theorem of calculus begins as early as the seventeenth century with Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and Isaac Newton. Leibniz looked at integration as the sum of infinite amounts of areas that are accumulated. As such, he references the important concept of area as it relates to the definition of the integral. Isaac Newton used geometry to describe the relationship between acceleration, velocity, and distance. This is key in understanding the relationship between the derivative and the integral; acceleration is the derivative of velocity, which is the derivative of distance, and distance is the antiderivative of velocity, which is the antiderivative of acceleration. In 1823, Cauchy defined the definite integral by the limit definition. Also in the nineteenth century, Siméon Denis Poisson described the definite integral as the difference of the antiderivatives [F(b) − F(a)] at the endpoints a and b, describing what is now the first fundamental theorem of calculus. It wasn’t until the 1950s that all of these concepts were tied together to call the theorem the fundamental theorem of calculus.

The first fundamental theorem of calculus states that if the function f(x) is continuous, then

formula_1

This means that the definite integral over an interval [a,b] is equal to the antiderivative evaluated at b minus the antiderivative evaluated at a. This gives the relationship between the definite integral and the indefinite integral (antiderivative).

The second fundamental theorem of calculus states that if the function f is continuous, then

formula_2

This means that the derivative of the integral of a function f with respect to the variable t over the interval [a,x] is equal to the function f with respect to x. This describes the derivative and integral as inverse processes. 

Brent Bowden

Brent Michael Bowden (born May 21, 1987 in Huntsville, Alabama) is an American football Punter that is currently a free agent in the National Football League (NFL). Bowden was drafted out of the Virginia Tech University with the 172nd pick in the sixth round of the 2010 NFL Draft by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.


Mafia II

Mafia II is the 2010 sequel to "". It was released on August 24, 2010 in North America and August 27, 2010 in the PAL region. The game is set in Empire Bay which is a parody of The Empire State, the nickname for New York in the years 1945 to 1951. "Mafia II" was protested by an Italian-American group because they thought the game was portraying ethnic stereotypes.

A third game and final sequel to "Mafia" is "Mafia III", it has been released in 2016.


The Amazing Jeckel Brothers

The Amazing Jeckel Brothers is the fifth studio album by American horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on May 25, 1999. The producers of the album were Insane Clown Posse and Mike E. Clark. The album was the fifth of the "Joker Cards" in the Dark Carnival mythology. The album featured guest vocals such as Ol' Dirty Bastard, Snoop Dogg, The Jerky Boys and Twiztid.

Thomas Morstead

Thomas Morstead (born August 13, 1982 in Pearland, Texas) is an American football punter for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL). Morstead was drafted out of Southern Methodist University by the New Orleans Saints with the 164th pick in the fifth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. Morstead won Super Bowl XLIV while part of the New Orleans Saints.


Southwark

Southwark ( ) is the main part of the inner London Borough of Southwark. It is on the Thames, south of London Bridge. It is often called just 'The Borough'. Southwark was once a separate town in Surrey, and was made part of London in 1889.

Southwark has several important buildings: Southwark Cathedral, London Bridge station and the Tate Modern art gallery. Two Roman roads met in Southwark: Watling Street and Stane Street. The area was marshy with islands in Roman times. They built the first London Bridge here.

The word 'Southwark' is pronounced "Suthuk".

London Bridge station

London Bridge station is a major railway and London Underground station in the London Borough of Southwark. It is immediately south-east of London Bridge and 1.6 miles (2.6 km) east of Charing Cross. It is the oldest railway terminus in London, opened in June 1839. There is also a bus station. It is the fourth busiest rail terminal in London. In addition, it is where many commuters transfer between lines.

The mainline station is one of 18 railway stations managed by Network Rail and is a major transport terminus and interchange for south London. Over 54 million people a year use the station.

The underground station is a junction station of two lines, the Jubilee Line and the Bank branch of the Northern Line. All underground platforms are accessed through ticket barriers. The station is in Travelcard Zone 1. It is south of the River Thames, so it does not have a direct connection to the Circle Line.

Watling Street

Watling Street is the name of an ancient route in England. It was first used by the Ancient Britons between Canterbury and St Albans. 

Later the Romans made it one of the main Roman roads in Britain. The Romans paved the route from London to the port of Dover, and from London to St Albans. 'Street' comes from the old word for paving. Eventually, the road stretched to Caerwent in Wales on the Severn estuary, just west of Chepstow.

Its route is now covered by the A2 road from Dover to London, and the A5 road from London to Wroxeter (Roman "Viriconium", in modern Shropshire). These are major roads in England, which still exist alongside the modern motorways. 

Mancetter on Watling Street is thought to be the site of Boudica's defeat by the Romans. Later, the A5 was part of the southwestern border of the Danelaw. In the early 19th century, the course between London and the Channel was paved and became known as the Great Dover Road. At various points along the historic route, the name Watling Street is still used. JAMES STYLES

Kia Picanto

The Kia Picanto is a car produced by Kia Motors. It replaced the Kia Pride in 2003. The Fiat Idea Hyundai i10 is based on the Picanto's platform.


Southwark Cathedral

Southwark Cathedral, in Southwark, London, lies on the south bank of the River Thames close to London Bridge. 

It is the mother church of the Anglican Diocese of Southwark. It has been a place of Christian worship for over 1,000 years, but a cathedral only since 1905. The present building is mainly Gothic, from 1220 to 1420. 

The main railway line from London Bridge station to Cannon Street station passes close to the cathedral, blocking the view from the south side. Borough Market and the Hall of the Worshipful Company of Glaziers and Painters of Glass by the river are close by.

The earliest reference to the site was in the Domesday Book survey of 1086. The 'Minster' of Southwark seems to be under the control of Bishop Odo of Bayeux (William the Conqueror's half-brother). Its early history is obscure. A Saxon minster (a teaching church) served a south Thames area. In 1106, Henry I's reign, the latter became an Augustinian Priory: Norman stonework can still be seen, and Thomas Becket preached here before departing to Canterbury, days before his murder in 1170.

The church is the oldest Gothic church building in London, built from 1220 to 1420. It is one of the smallest cathedrals, which is because it was not built as a cathedral, but as a Priory chapel.

The cathedral has three choirs, The main Cathedral Choir is supported financially by the St Olave's & St Saviour's Schools Foundation. They were two parochial schools set up in the 1560s, and still hold their annual services here as their 'foundation' church.


4Lyn

4LYN is a German nu metal group, based in Hamburg. It formed in 1995 as "Headtrip".

In the year 2000 the band renamed to 4LYN after realizing the band name "Headtrip" was used by many other rock bands all over the world. The letters "LYN" are for "Little Young Nasties" and the "4" for the sum of the band members. They became famous after touring with bands such as Papa Roach, Dredg, Thumb and Therapy?. Finally in spring 2001 they released their first album. In 2002 they continued their successful way with another album called "neon" and live performances such as on Rock am Ring and the "Desperados"-Tour together with Cosmotron and Dredg. In the mid-2000s, they changed their style from nu metal to emo and alternative rock.





Charing Cross station

Charing Cross station might mean:


Volkswagen Sharan

The Volkswagen Sharan is a car produced by Volkswagen in two generations since 1995. The SEAT Alhambra and the Ford Galaxy are based on the same platform as the Sharan.




Cannon Street station

Cannon Street station is a central London railway terminus and London Underground station complex in the City of London, the financial district of London. It is built on the site of the mediaeval Steelyard, the trading base in England of the Hanseatic League. It is in Travelcard Zone 1.

This is a terminal station approached across the River Thames by the Cannon Street Railway Bridge, with entrances from Cannon Street and Dowgate Hill. Its approach by rail is by a triangular connection to both London Bridge station and Charing Cross station. Cannon Street is one of seventeen UK railway stations managed by Network Rail.

The station was opened by the South Eastern Railway on 1 September 1866. The original station building had two Wren-style towers, square and high, which faced on to the River Thames. The towers supported a long iron train shed crowned by a high single arch, almost semicircular, of glass and iron. To this was joined in 1867 an Italianate style hotel and forecourt. These gave passenger facilities, as well as an impressive frontage onto the street.

Farringdon station

Farringdon station is a London Underground and National Rail station in Clerkenwell, just north of the City of London in the London Borough of Islington.

Farringdon will, from 2017, be one of the country's busiest stations (if not the busiest station) by number of trains passing through, being served by both Crossrail and the upgraded Thameslink route, as well as the existing Underground lines.

Farringdon station has been renovated, to allow longer Thameslink trains to fit, and to make other improvements to the station. The existing station building will be given a new roof canopy, and a new entrance and concourse facing Turnmill Street. Platforms will be made wider and longer, which will require the Cowcross Street bridge pillars to be moved. The bridge, along with the Cardinal Tower building, will be torn down and rebuilt once the pillars have been shifted.Cowcross Street will be made into a street for pedestrians only. Lifts will be provided throughout.

The existing ticket hall and concourse will be re-built. Interchange within the station will be improved by means of removing the existing interchange bridge and installing new stairs and lifts with access to all four platforms, thereby allowing disabled passengers to use the station.

Extending the platforms towards the north could not be done due mainly due to the steep gradient (1 in 27) of the Thameslink line immediately north of Farringdon. The platforms therefore had to be extended to the south, cutting off the two-station branch to Moorgate. As a result, since Christmas 2009 Thameslink trains no longer call at Barbican and Moorgate stations, but London Underground still serve those stations.

The new station is designed by the architects from the firm Aukett Fitzroy Robinson.

A 'Farringdon' Crossrail station is being built between Farringdon and Barbican underground (tube) stations and it will have interchanges with both of them. Access at the Farringdon end will be via the new Thameslink ticket hall. Work will not be complete until 2017.

St Pancras station

St Pancras station, also known since 2007 as St Pancras International, is a central London railway terminus celebrated for its Victorian architecture.
The Grade I listed building stands on Euston Road between the British Library, King's Cross station and the Regent's Canal. It was opened in 1868 by the Midland Railway as its southern terminus. The company became the LMS: the London, Midland and Scottish railway. When the station opened, the arched train shed was the largest single-span roof in the world.
After escaping planned demolition in the 1960s, the complex was renovated and expanded during the 2000s at a cost of £800 million. A secure terminal area was constructed for Eurostar services to continental Europe—via High Speed 1 and the Channel Tunnel—along with platforms for domestic connections to the north and south-east of England. The restored station houses fifteen platforms, a shopping centre and a bus station, in addition to London Underground services from King's Cross St. Pancras tube station. St Pancras is owned by London and Continental Railways along with the adjacent urban regeneration area known as King's Cross Central.

Blackfriars station

Blackfriars station is a London Underground and National Rail station in the City of London. It is close to Blackfriars Bridge at the junction of New Bridge Street and Queen Victoria Street. It is in Travelcard Zone 1. The Underground station was closed until 2011 while refurbishment and major engineering works took place.
Blackfriars station is being rebuilt and the office building above it demolished and replaced as part of the Thameslink programme. The mainline station remained open during this work except for a period of two months around Christmas 2010 when trains passed through without stopping. The Underground station was closed until late 2011.

Doctor (title)

Doctor is an academic degree, awarded by a university or similar institution. "Doctor" may be used to refer to a person with a doctorate.

To get the degree, people need to pass a doctorate exam, or write a thesis or dissertation. The requirements vary according to the subject-matter. 

There are three levels of university qualification:

Depending on the country, there are cases where people get what is called a professional doctorate. This is mostly the case in law, and in medicine. A professional doctorate is comparable to a master's degree.

People who have a doctor's degree may use the title "doctor", though in practice it is often used only by medical doctors. Medical doctors examine, diagnose and treat patients. They can specialize in a number of medical areas, such as pediatrics, anesthesiology or cardiology, or they can work as general practice physicians. Becoming a medical doctor requires a doctoral degree in medicine and participating in clinical training. Medical doctors need a licence, and certification may also be required for many specialists. 



Newfoundland dog

The Newfoundland is a large breed of dog that originated in Newfoundland. They were first used by fishermen and sailors to carry goods and would jump overboard to save people from drowning. Newfoundlands are great swimmers because of their waterproof fur, their webbed feet and their strong muscles.

The Newfoundland is a very large dog breed, standing 26–28 inches (66–71 cm) and weighing 100–150 pounds (45–68 kg). The largest Newfoundland found was 72 inches (180 cm) long and weighed 160 pounds (73 kg). Their coat of fur is usually long and a black, brown or gray color. Their facial hair is very short. The head is very large and the face is smooth with few wrinkles. The ears are long and wide, and reach below the jaw. The neck is strong and muscular. The Newfoundland's chest is large and wide with a large lung capacity. Because Newfoundlands are excellent swimmers, their thighs are very strong and muscular and their feet are tight. Their tail is very strong and is important for them to swim well.

Newfoundlands can suffer from a lot of health problems. They are the fifth most likely breed to have hip dysplasia. Newfoundlands can have problems with cystinuria in a similar way to humans. Newfoundlands can inherit subvalvular aortic stenosis, a trait which hurts the heart.

Newfoundlands are known to be very gentle and loyal dogs. Because of their protective nature for children, Newfoundlands have been used as watchdogs. They have very thick fur so owners need to brush it once a week.

PlayStation Store

The PlayStation Store is an online market for users of Sony's PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable and PlayStation Vita game consoles via the PlayStation Network.


Literary genre

A literary genre means the style of a certain piece of literature, such as a book. Several common ones are epic, comedy, tragedy, novel, and short story. There are other ways to group them, though. A piece of literature is either poetry or prose. There are three types of poetry; narrative, lyric, and dramatic. There are two types of prose; fiction and nonfiction.


Boys Don't Cry (movie)

Boys Don't Cry is a 1999 American drama movie. The stars of the movie are Hilary Swank and Chloe Sevigny. This movie is about Brandon Teena (1972-1993), a female-to-male transsexual in Nebraska who was raped and murdered.

Rubidium hydroxide

Rubidium hydroxide is a chemical compound. It is composed of rubidium and hydroxide ions. Its chemical formula is RbOH. It is a very strong base. It can eat through glass. It is made by dissolving rubidium oxide in water. It causes immediate burns to the skin. It gets very hot when it is dissolved in water. It is a white solid.


Rubidium oxide

Rubidium oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is RbO. It is a yellow solid. It reacts vigorously with water to produce rubidium hydroxide, a very strong base. It is made by reduction of rubidium nitrate using rubidium metal. It can also be made by reduction of rubidium hydroxide with rubidium metal. It reacts with hydrogen to disproportionate it into rubidium hydroxide and rubidium hydride.


Rubidium nitrate

Rubidium nitrate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is RbNO. It is a colorless crystalline solid. It is an oxidizing agent. It is made by reacting rubidium or rubidium hydroxide with nitric acid. The reaction with rubidium is very violent. It is used to make other rubidium compounds. 


Rubidium hydride

Rubidium hydride is a chemical compound. It contains rubidium and hydride ions. Its chemical formula is RbH. It is a strong reducing agent and will react with water, air and chlorine violently. It is made by disproportionating hydrogen by reacting hydrogen with rubidium hydroxide. This process also produces rubidium oxide. It is normally made by reacting rubidium and hydrogen.


Jane Addams

Jane Addams (September 6, 1860 – May 21, 1935) was an American social worker and sociologist. She was born in Cedarville, Illinois. In 1886, she founded a place called Hull House along with Ellen Gates Starr. It tried to take care of the problems poor people and immigrants faced in Chicago through social work. She wanted more peace, and more civil rights for immigrants and women against prostitution. She was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1931, and was the first American woman to earn it. She was the sister of Alice Haldeman. Addams was a lesbian. She died in Chicago.

Hurricane Audrey

Hurricane Audrey was the most powerful June hurricane in the recorded history of the Atlantic since record keeping began. This storm struck Louisiana and Texas, killing more than 500. This hurricane was a very powerful category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson scale.

Calcium phosphate

Calcium phosphate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Ca(PO), although there are other formulas, like CaHPO (dicalcium phosphate) and Ca(HPO) (monocalcium phosphate). It is made of calcium and phosphate ions.

It is a white or gray solid. It becomes more insoluble when heated; most chemicals become more soluble (more easily dissolved). 

It is found in teeth, bones, and milk, as well as in the ground.

It is used to make phosphoric acid. It is used to make fertilizer.
It is also used in bovine milk


Hurricane Joan–Miriam

Hurricane Joan was a powerful and deadly hurricane during 1988. Over 200 people died because of Joan. The hurricane reached Category 4 strength.

Richard Rusczyk

Richard Rusczyk is one of the creators of the Mandelbrot competition, and the founder of Art of Problem Solving (AoPS) Inc, and Beast Academy He also founded the San Diego Math Circle.

Rusczyk graduated from Princeton University in 1993.


Hereford Cathedral

Hereford Cathedral is a church in the town of Hereford. The present building was started in 1079. Before that there were two other cathedrals. It is the seat of the Bishop of Hereford.

The most famous treasure in Hereford Cathedral is the "Mappa Mundi", a mediæval map of the world dating from the 13th century. The cathedral is a Grade I listed building.

The first Hereford Cathedral was a stone building from the 7th century. After about 200 years it was changed, but then it was burnt down in 1056 by Welsh and Irish soldiers. The rebuilding started in 1079 and it was finished around 1140.

Many changes have been made since that time. The cathedral originally had Norman architecture, but not much of that has survived. By the end of the 13th century most of it had been changed. The changes continued in the 14th century when the central tower was rebuilt. Many other parts were added, the last big change was the adding of the main north entrance finished in 1535. This was mostly the cathedral we see today.

The Norman columns and arches of the nave have some decorations. They are original, done in the early 12th century. In the south aisle of the nave there are two tombs dating from the 14th century tombs. They are for members of the clergy but we do not know who they are. There is a tomb for Sir Richard Pembridge who was a Knight of the Garter.

There is a modern rood screen, a big lantern, and a reredos (a screen or decoration behind the altar). The Lady Chapel has lancet windows (tall, narrow windows) and lots of ornaments. There is a bit of ancient ironwork in the tomb of Bishop Booth who had the porch built There is also a large Norman font. The north transept was built in the Decorated Gothic. It has the shrine of St. Thomas of Hereford. The north window has some beautiful 19th century stained glass.

The tomb of the shrine of Bishop Cantilupe is built of Purbeck marble. The south transept may be the oldest part of the cathedral. The choir (the part of the cathedral where the choir sit), has many beautiful features. There is a reredos which represents Jesus on the cross. Two pointed arches show Christ with angels and the four evangelists. There is also a very strange, old Episcopal chair.

The organ was built in 1892 by Henry Willis. It is one of the best organs he made. Organists of the past include John Bull and Samuel Sebastian Wesley. Today the organist is Geraint Bowen. There has been a choir at Hereford Cathedral from at least as far back as the 13th century. Hereford Cathedral is one of the three cathedrals which house the Three Choirs Festival. In the tower there are 10 bells. They are often called the "Grand Old Lady".

The famous Hereford "Mappa Mundi" (Map of the World) dates from the 13th century. It is the largest (except for one) map from that period drawn on a single sheet of vellum. It was ignored for many years, then in 1855 it was cleaned and repaired at the British Museum. It shows the world as round, with the ocean all around it. It was nearly sold in the 1980s, but money was found to build a library where it could be hung. This is where it is now.

Another famous document is one of only four copies of the Magna Carta to survive. It is kept very carefully, and sometimes shown to the public in the library next to the Mappa Mundi.



Unfinished building

An unfinished building is a building that was being built, but was either abandoned or is on hold. There are many different reasons why buildings have not been completed. One of the biggest reasons for unfinished buildings, is when the money runs out. The National Monument in Scotland was planned to be a War Memorial for soldiers killed in the Napoleonic Wars. Building started in 1826, but the money ran out in 1829. The Sagrada Família, a church in Barcelona, Spain, was started in 1882 and is still not finished. It is not finished because the architect, Antoni Gaudí, who died in 1926 after he was hit by a tram, did not leave many plans for the building. What was left was destroyed during the Spanish Civil War. The war also meant that there was not enough money to complete the project.


Pierre Pilote

Joseph Albert Pierre Paul Pilote (December 11, 1931 – September 9, 2017) was a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman that played his playing career for the Chicago Black Hawks and Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). Pilote won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Black Hawks in 1961 and became the captain of the Black Hawks. Pilote won the Norris trophy 3 times one in 1963, one in 1964 and one in 1965.

Pilote died in Barrie, Ontario on September 9, 2017 of cancer at the age of 85.

Pilote won many awards during his playing career:



Twinkie the Kid

Twinkie the Kid is the mascot for Twinkies, a cream-filled snack cake. He is a trademark of Interstate Bakeries Corporation and has appeared on Twinkie packaging, in commercials, and as collectible related merchandise.

Twinkie the Kid is an anthropomorphized Twinkie, which means he is a Twinkie that has been given human-like features. He looks like a wrangler and wears boots, gloves, a kerchief, and a ten-gallon hat.


Un medico in famiglia

Un medico in famiglia (in ) is an Italian drama TV series. It aired on Rai 1 and started in 1998. It is now in its ninth season.

The TV series focuses around the lives of the Martini family. They live in Rome. Lele Martini is a doctor and a widower with three children: Maria, Francesco "Ciccio" and Anna "Annuccia". He falls in love with his sister-in-law, Alice Solari. At the end of the second season, they get married and have two twins. Lele hires Cettina as their "au pair". Cettina is a Neapolitan woman (she comes from Mondragone) who pretends to be Polish in order to be hired. Eventually the Martinis find out that Cettina is actually Italian, but they do not fire her. At the beginning of the third season Lele, Alice and their twins leave Italy in order to live in Australia. Lele puts his children in the hands of their grandpa, Nonno Libero. Cettina falls in love with Torello, a funeral director. They get married at the end of the third season. Maria falls in love with Guido, a doctor. They get married at the end of the fourth season.

In the sixth season Lele, who divorced from Alice, returns home with his children, Bobo and Elena. Cettina is disappeared in a shipwreck: she is supposed to be dead, but this is not true. In fact, she lost her memory and became a very rich woman in the United States. She decided to go to Italy for an holiday and here she meets the Martinis. She gradually recovers her memory and joins her husband and her son, Eros. Lele in this season has two girlfriends: the doctress Funny and the chocolate seller Bianca. Eventually he decides to get engaged to Bianca. Melina, Cettina's cousin, is hires as the Martinis new "au pair". She falls in love with Dante Piccione, a gauche man who gambles on the horses.

Chris Chelios

Christos Kostas Tselios (born January 25, 1962 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American retired professional ice hockey defenceman that played his playing career for the Chicago Blackhawks, Montreal Canadiens, Detroit Red Wings and Atlanta Thrashers of the National Hockey League (NHL). Chelios won the Stanley Cup in 2008 and was also the captain of the Chicago Blackhawks from 1995 to 1999. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on July 9, 2013.

Milk chocolate

Milk chocolate is a type of chocolate. It contains cocoa, sugar, and milk. The term "milk chocolate" was first used in 1687, to describe a drink which came from Jamaica to London, but the milk chocolate bar did not exist until 1875, when inventor Daniel Peter mixed the ingredients together to make it.

Ed Litzenberger

Edward Charles John "Eddie" Litzenberger (born July 15, 1932 in Neudorf, Saskatchewan: died November 1, 2010) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played for the Chicago Black Hawks, Montreal Canadiens, Detroit Red Wings and Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). Litzenberger won the Stanley Cup four times - onc with the Chicago Black Hawks, in 1961, and three times with the Toronto Maple Leafs, in 1962, 1963, and 1964.

7 World Trade Center

7 World Trade Center is a building in Lower Manhattan, New York City. It is part of the new World Trade Center complex and was completed in 2006. The original 7 World Trade Center was in the same place, was completed in 1987 and destroyed on September 11, 2001 along with the other buildings in the World Trade Center.

Matt Birk

Matthew Robert Birk (born July 23, 1976 in St. Paul, Minnesota) is an American football center for the Baltimore Ravens. Lewis was drafted out of the Harvard University by the Minnesota Vikings with the 173rd pick in the sixth round of the 1998 NFL Draft. Birk formerly played for the Minnesota Vikings and signed a three-year, $12 million contract as a free agent with the Baltimore Ravens. He won Super Bowl XLVII with the Ravens when they defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34-31.


Claude Lemieux

Claude Percy Lemieux (born July 16, 1965 in Buckingham, Quebec) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Montreal Canadiens, New Jersey Devils, Colorado Avalanche, Phoenix Coyotes, Dallas Stars and the San Jose Sharks. Lemieux won the Stanley Cup 4 times once in 1986 with the Montreal Canadiens, once in 1995 with the San Jose Sharks, once in 1996 with the Colorado Avalanche and once in 200 with the New Jersey Devils.

On July 8, 2009, Lemieux announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey.

Zune

Zune was an entertainment platform and portable media player made by Microsoft.

The Zune Marketplace was an online music, video and podcast store that integrates with Zune software, Zune devices, phones with Zune support, and Xbox 360.

In 2011, the Zune series of media players was discontinued.

Xbox Live Marketplace

Xbox Live Marketplace (XBLM) is a virtual market designed for Microsoft's Xbox 360 console that allows Xbox Live members to download purchased or promotional content.


Georgi Markov

Georgi Ivanov Markov (; 1 March 1929 – 11 September 1978) was a Bulgarian dissident writer. He was born in Sofia and was murdered in London. He was stabbed in the leg with an umbrella which injected ricin, a deadly poison. It is believed that Bulgarian security persuaded the KGB to do the job.







Jennie Kwan

Jennie Trinidad Fernando Kwan (born September 9, 1973) is a American actress and singer. She played "Kim" in the original American tour of the musical "Miss Saigon," and "Christmas Eve" in the original national tour of "Avenue Q". She has made a number of television shows, and is now known for being the voice of popular anime and video game characters.

Kwan was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. Her birth name was Jennie Trinidad Fernando. She identifies as American, and also Filipino, Spanish, German, Italian and Chinese. She is the daughter of a medical lab technician.

Kwan started singing professionally when she was 11. She was in a band called "Kids of the Century."

"Miss Saigon" opened in London in 1989, where it played for ten years. "Miss Saigon" opened on Broadway in 1991. The play was a "megahit," meaning it was very popular. It made over $10 million dollars by the time it opened in Chicago, Illinois a year later. After a worldwide search, Kwan was asked to play Kim. She was still in high school.

She acted in commercials and on television shows like "Beverly Hills, 90210". She also had modeling jobs. She acted in a miniseries called "Wild Palms". In "California Dreams", Kwan plays Samantha Woo, a foreign-exchange student that is very boy crazy. Recent live-action appearances were on "New Girl" and "Entourage". Jennie Kwan has also appeared in many other movies, TV shows, and plays.

She has become a well-known voice actor. She played "Suki" in the television show and video game. She voiced "Satoko Houjou" for the 2007 TV show "When They Cry." Kwan also voiced "Mayuko Nise" for the 2021 television show, "High-Rise Invasion." She was also in "Raya and the last dragon", and "Onward"!

Jennie Kwan has starred in multiple shows that helped her get fame, including Kwan has also been in plays including "Miss Saigon", where she plays Kim, a bar girl from Vietnam. Kwan has also voiced many anime and cartoons! Kwan can sing too, and wants to sing more in her future. 

In 2001, Jennie left acting for a while to join the girl group Nobody's Angel. However, with its popularity quickly declining, the group split up just one year later.

André Sogliuzzo

André Sogliuzzo (born August 10, 1966) is an Italian-American voice actor. He is known for doing many voices for many characters. These include additional voices in "Open Season", voices in "", "American Dad!", "Jackie Chan Adventures", and McSquizzy in "Open Season 3".




SoundtrackNet

Soundtrack.Net is a website dedicated to movie and television music.

The website was founded in 1997 by David A. Koran and Dan Goldwasser at Carnegie Mellon University. In November 2005, "Time Magazine" listed SoundtrackNet as one of the "Top 20 Music Websites of 2005". In October 2011, the site was acquired by Box Office Mojo cofounder Sean Saulsbury.


Avatar Airbender

Avatar Airbender is an roller coaster made after the end of TV series "" at Nickelodeon Universe in the Mall of America. 

Hungerford Bridge and Golden Jubilee Bridges

Hungerford Bridge, often called Charing Cross Bridge, is a railway bridge. It crosses the River Thames in London from Charing Cross station across to the south, near Waterloo station.

The bridge lies between Waterloo Bridge and Westminster Bridge. It is a steel bridge with two more recent pedestrian bridges on either side. These were named the Golden Jubilee Bridges, but are really just footpaths alongside the railway bridge. Each footpath has steps and lift access.

The north end of the bridge is Charing Cross station. It is near Embankment Pier and the Victoria Embankment. The south end is near Waterloo station, County Hall, the Royal Festival Hall, and the London Eye.

The first version of the bridge was designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel, and opened in 1845. The bridge and the walkways have been reworked and expanded at various times.


Upper Deck Company

The Upper Deck Company, LLC (colloquially as Upper Deck and Upper Deck Authenticated, Ltd. in the UK), founded in 1988, is a private company primarily known for producing trading cards.



Car of the Century

The Car of the Century (COTC) was an international award given to the most important car of the Twentieth Century. The election was run by the Global Automotive Elections Foundation. The winner was the Ford Model T. It was announced at an awards event on 18 December 1999 in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Albert Bridge, London

Albert Bridge is a road bridge over the River Thames in West London. It connects Chelsea on the north bank to Battersea on the south bank.

Albert Bridge was designed and built in 1873 as a cable-stayed bridge, it proved to be structurally unsound. Between 1884 and 1887 Sir Joseph Bazalgette added some elements of a suspension bridge. More work was done in 1973. As a result, the bridge today is a hybrid of three different design styles.

Built as a toll bridge, it was unsuccessful. Six years after its opening it was taken into public ownership, and the tolls were lifted. The tollbooths remained in place, and are the only surviving examples of bridge tollbooths in London. Its nickname is 'The Trembling Lady' because of its tendency to vibrate when large numbers of people walked over it. Signs at the entrances warn troops from the nearby Chelsea Barracks to break step while crossing the bridge.

With a roadway only wide, and with serious structural weaknesses, the bridge was ill-equipped to cope with motor traffic. Despite this, Albert Bridge has remained open to vehicles, apart from brief spells for repairs. It is one of only two Thames road bridges in central London which have never been replaced.

The strengthening work did not prevent further decay of the bridge's structure. Strict traffic control limits its use and prolongs its life. It is the least busy Thames road bridge in London except for Southwark Bridge. The bridge's condition continues to get worse as the result of traffic. Also, severe rotting of the timber deck is caused by the urine of dogs using it as a route to nearby Battersea Park.

In 1992 Albert Bridge was rewired and painted in an unusual colour scheme designed to make it easy to see, and avoid being hit by shipping. At night it is lit by 4,000 bulbs, making it one of West London's most striking landmarks.

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames. The Royal Barge launched from the pier at Albert Bridge.



Lego Avatar: The Last Airbender

Lego Avatar: The Last Airbender was a Lego theme based on the Nickelodeon television show "".


Action figure

Moveable man of action or the action figure is a character figurine.They may be made from plastic or other materials.They are often based on characters from a movie, comic book, video game, or television program. One of the most famous action figures is G.I. Joe.

Before the 1960s, toys had little or no movement. The company Hasbro in 1964 came up with a new toy they called an action figure. This toy was G.I. Joe created by Stan Weston. G.I. Joe had a military look with changeable clothing and accessories ready for action. Action figures were made to give boys a toy since Barbie in 1959 was so popular with girls. Starting in the 1970s comic book superheroes were made into action figures. Marvel Comics and DC Comics began making their action figures to appeal to kids favorite superheroes.

Hasbro spent many years getting information and drawings of military weapons and vehicles for the use of their military action figures the G.I. Joes.The first African American G.I. Joe was made in the second year of the action figures. In 1967 the first female G.I. Joe was made, she was a nurse. G.I. Joe in 1985 got a cartoon TV show and in 2009 a movie was made.

Over many years Hasbro made "men of action" figures including people like: George Washington, Robert E. Lee, John F. Kennedy,Bob Hope, etc.

In the 1980s, the need for action figures got bigger with all the cartoons that started on TV. Shows like Masters of the Universe, G.I. Joe and Thundercats which got the attention of young boys and gave a need for the action figures of their favorite shows. Hasbro got the idea for the Transformers we know today from a cartoon in Japan and brought it to the United States in 1984, cartoon episodes and then action figures soon came along.

By the 1990s action figures became toys for adults as well but for the use of collecting and value. These action figures came from movies, TV,and famous people like rock stars.

From the 2000s on, and up to these days, there was a transition made into movies, where popular movies would have action figures of their own characters. And not only movies, but also musicians, athletes and other figures of importance in the media.

Today, the adult collector market for action figures is expanding with companies like McFarlane Toys, Palisades, and NECA.Companies have given numerous movie characters, musicians, and athletes their very first highly detailed figures. These are commonly intended as display pieces rather than toys; however, child-oriented lines such as the Masters of the Universe revival and Justice League Unlimited still get adult collector followings as well. Comic book are also able to get figures of their characters produced, regardless of whether or not they appeared in movies or animated cartoons. Examples of companies that produce comic figures and merchandise almost exclusively include Toy Biz and DC Direct.

Adult-action figure lines are often exclusive to specific chain stores rather than mass retail. Popular lines often have figures available exclusively through mail-in offers and comic conventions like comic con, which raises their value significantly. Ploys such as packaging "errors" and "short-packed" figures have also been used by toy companies to increase collector interest.

Action figures are usually made of plastic. These toys are able to move and hold different poses. Making an action figure starts with the idea and drawing. Next, wire and clay models are made. When a figure is approved, it gets molded from a plastic. Paint and fabric complete the toy.



Action figures were made to give boys a toy like Barbie. Unlike Barbie, G.I. Joe was meant to be manly and strong which is why a military toy was made.

Like Barbie, The action figure's body shows an almost unrealistic body image for boys. Some action figures like the WWE wrestler's body on the action figure have unrealistic muscles. These body images of strong wrestlers, superhero, and G.I. Joe tell boys that they too can grow up to be big and strong, which may not always be the case.

Today there are action figures for girls too. Movie character action figures like Edward Cullen from the movie Twilight are collected by girls.


Ring of Steel (London)

Ring of steel is the name people use for the security cordon around the City of London. Its purpose is to prevent terrorism. It was designed during the IRA 'troubles'. The city of Belfast was the first to get a "ring of steel".

Roads entering the city are narrowed and have small chicanes to force drivers to slow down and be recorded by CCTV cameras. These roads have a concrete median with a sentry box where police can stand guard and monitor traffic. Tucked away out of sight may be police armed with submachine guns. City planners call these precautions 'fortress urbanism'.

Some roads have been closed to traffic entirely. Despite the term 'ring of steel', the roadblocks and chicanes are actually created with concrete blocks, sometimes plastic coated, that are wedged together.

The measures were introduced following a massive IRA bombing campaign in the City in the early 1990s such as the 1992 Baltic Exchange bombing and the 1993 Bishopsgate bombing. At this time the sentry posts were guarded by armed police almost continuously. Initially the ring of steel consisted of plastic cones and on duty policemen which the locals described as the 'ring of plastic'. It showed the public that the City authorities were taking seriously the threats by the IRA. This was replaced by more permanent structures consisting of concrete barriers, checkpoints and thousands of video cameras. After the IRA ceasefire the police guard was reduced.

Following the September 11 attacks, and the increased terrorist threats to the United Kingdom, security has been stepped up again. In December 2003, the Ring of Steel was widened to include more businesses in the city. Police thought a terrorist attack on the city was "inevitable".

Traffic entering London is also monitored and recorded at many places by an automatic number-plate recognition system (ANPR). It is watched all the time by police. The data is stored for five years for analysis and evidence.


10 Downing Street

10 Downing Street is the address of the London residence and office of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. The residence was presented by George II in 1733 to Robert Walpole, the first official Prime Minister of the country.

It is in Downing Street in the City of Westminster. The house is over 300 years old and has about 100 rooms.

The house is close to St James's Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Palace of Westminster (which is the meeting place of both houses of Parliament).

Toll

The word toll has several meanings.



Alfa Romeo 164

The Alfa Romeo 164 is a car produced by Alfa Romeo. It replaced the Alfa Romeo 90 in 1987 and was sold is the US between the 1991 and 1995 model years with the brand not returning there until the launch of the Giulia for the 2017 model year. It was discontinued in 1997 and replaced by the Alfa Romeo 166 in 1998.


Snog Marry Avoid?

Snog Marry Avoid? is a British reality TV show. The first four series were hosted by Jenny Frost. From the fifth series Ellie Taylor has presented it. Its format is related to the fashion industry. It is shown on BBC Three. It was shown from 2008-2013. It stars POD (The "Personal Overhaul Device") who gives make-unders to people to try to show their natural beauty without makeup or fake tan.

Romy and Michele's High School Reunion

Romy and Michele's High School Reunion is an American comedy movie. It stars Lisa Kudrow, Mira Sorvino, Janeane Garofalo and Camryn Manheim. The movie is about a 10 year high school reunion at which Romy and Michele are planning to impress their former school classmates. The movie was released in April 1997.

Millennium Bridge

The Millennium Bridge, also known as the London Millennium Footbridge, is a footbridge across the River Thames in London. It is a steel suspension bridge which links Bankside with the City. Its position is between Southwark Bridge (downstream) and Blackfriars Railway Bridge (upstream). The bridge opened on 10 June 2000. It is the newest bridge across the Thames. 

Londoners nicknamed the bridge the Wobbly Bridge after people on a charity walk felt an uncomfortable swaying motion. The bridge was closed later that day. After two days of limited access the bridge was closed for almost two years. Expensive and complicated changes were made to eliminate the wobble. It was reopened in 2002.

The southern end of the bridge is near Globe Theatre, the Bankside Gallery and Tate Modern, the north end next to the City of London School below St Paul's Cathedral. The bridge is aligned so that a clear view of St Paul's south side can be seen from across the river, framed by the bridge supports.

In 1996, the Southwark council organized a competition to design the bridge. The winning entry was by Arup, Foster and Partners and Sir Anthony Caro. 

The eight suspension cables are tensioned to pull with a force of 2,000 tons against the piers set into each bank. The cables are strong enough to support a working load of up to 5,000 people on the bridge at the same time.

The bridge's closure only three days after opening attracted considerable public criticism. It was seen as another high-profile British millennium project that had suffered an embarrassing setback, similar to how many saw the Millennium Dome. There was some astonishment that engineers had not foreseen the problem, as computer modelling is such a standard technique today. However, modifications to the bridge did eliminate the wobble. The wobble has not reocurred since the bridge reopened in February 2002.

The bridge's movements were caused by a 'positive feedback' phenomenon. The natural sway motion of people walking caused small sideways oscillations in the bridge. In turn, this caused people on the bridge to sway in step, increasing the amplitude of the bridge oscillations and reinforced the effect.

The bridge opened on an exceptionally fine day, and it was included on the route of a major charity walk. On the day of opening the bridge was crossed by 90,000 people, with up to 2,000 on the bridge at any one time.

The lateral vibration problems of the Millennium Bridge are very unusual, but not entirely unique. Other bridges which have seen similar problems are:

After extensive analysis by the engineers, the problem was fixed by fitting 37 dampers (energy dissipating) to control horizontal movement and 52 (inertial) dampers to control vertical movement. This took from May 2001 to January 2002 and cost £5M. After a period of testing, the bridge was successfully re-opened on 22 February 2002. The bridge has not been subject to significant vibration since. In spite of the successful fix of the problem, the affectionate 'wobbly bridge' epithet remains in common usage amongst Londoners.


Where the Truth Lies

Where the Truth Lies is a British-Canadian crime drama movie starring Kevin Bacon and Colin Firth. Also starring are actresses Alison Lohman and Rachel Blanchard. The movie was directed by Atom Egoyan. The movie was originally rated NC-17, though the movie's producers decided to release the movie unrated. The movie was released during 2005. The movie is based on the novel by Rupert Holmes. It is a murder mystery set in the 1957 and 1972. It explores the bad side of fame and fortune.

Rubidium chloride

Rubidium chloride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is RbCl. It is composed of rubidium and chloride ions. It is similar to other alkali metal halides, such as sodium chloride. It is made by reacting rubidium hydroxide with hydrochloric acid. It has several medicinal uses, including fighting cancer and depression, medical research, and medicine.


Warren G

Warren Griffin III (born November 10, 1970 in Long Beach, California) is an American rapper, DJ, and producer.

Warren G has been nominated for two awards including Grammy Award for "Best Rap Performance By A Duo Or Group" for his song "Regulate" with Nate Dogg. He was also nominated for a Grammy Award for "Best Rap Solo Performance" for his song "This D.J." in 1995.


Tomb Raider (video game)

Tomb Raider is a video game made by Core Design and published by Eidos Interactive. It was came out in 1996 for the Sega Saturn, PC, PlayStation. "Tomb Raider" was also released in the US PlayStation Network in 2009, and will be released on the EU PlayStation Network, September 1. "Tomb Raider" is about the adventures of Lara Croft, an English female archaeologist in search of ancient treasures. The game was very popular.

List of Formula One constructors

The following is a list of Formula One constructors. These are constructors which have competed or plan to compete in the FIA World Championship.

In Formula One racing the terms "constructor" and "entrant" do not mean the same thing. A "constructor" builds a car or engine. An "entrant" is the person or corporate entity that enters a race. They register a car and driver with the FIA. They are responsible for making the car ready to race, and keeping the car in good condition during the race weekend. Because of the role and activity of the entrant, the term "team" is often used when talking about an entrant.

Under the FIA rules, "the constructor of an engine or chassis is the person (including any corporate or unincorporated body) which owns the intellectual rights to such engine or chassis." Basically, who ever builds an engine or a chassis in the constructor. The title of Formula One World Champion Constructor is given to the car "make" that scores the most points during the season. The "make" of a car includes both the chassis and engine. 

If a car's chassis and engine are made by the same entity, then the constructor is the car make. For example Ferrari makes both the chassis and the engine. So the make is Ferrari. If the chassis and engine are made by different entities, the car's make is both constructor names put together. For example McLaren builds a chassis that uses a Mercedes engine. So the make is McLaren-Mercedes. The name of the chassis constructor is always placed before the engine constructor. 

Because both engine and chassis are included in the make name, chassis run with different engines are counted as two separate makes. For example, Lotus-Ford is a make different from Lotus-BRM. Each make would be scored separately. The World Constructors' Championship title is awarded to the constructor of the "chassis" of the make that scores the most points. This list only shows chassis constructors for that reason. For more information on engines, see Formula One engines.

Since the early 1980s, the FIA requires that Formula One entrants own the intellectual rights to the chassis that they enter. Basically, that means that teams must build their own chassis. Since this time, the terms "entrant", "constructor", and "team" now mean the same thing. Before this time, constructors were free to sell their chassis to other teams. Brabham and Lotus chassis were used by many other teams during the 1960s and 1970s. Several teams than compeated with the front-runners never built their own chassis. Rob Walker Racing Team was the most successful example. They earned the first victories in Formula One for both Cooper and Lotus. 

In those days, the concept of a "works" or "factory" team was the official team of the company producing the cars. Customer teams were entrants that purchased their cars off the shelf. In modern Formula One, the team must build their own car. The term customer only applies to engines now.

There have been some cases since the 1980s where one company built cars for another team. Lola designed and built cars for Larrousse and Scuderia Italia in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Key: 

Key: 
Constructors whose only entry in the World Championship was in the Indianapolis 500 from 1950 to 1960. All were American-based.
The following teams never built their own chassis. They are not considered "constructors":

a. Includes John Surtees' fastest lap in the South African Grand Prix in a non-works McLaren.
b. In 1949 and 1950, AFM participated in the German Formula 2 championship.
c. Constructors' World Championship points not awarded prior to .
d. From to , Alta was also an engine manufacturer for teams HWM, Cooper and Connaught.
e. Arrows was renamed Footwork for to . In they returned to Arrows.
f. In and , ATS was an engine manufacturer for teams Derrington-Francis and Cooper, racing at the 1964 Italian and 1967 British Grands Prix with Mário de Araújo Cabral and Silvio Moser.
g. BAR was formerly Tyrrell; it later became Honda, then Brawn, then Mercedes GP.
h. Benetton was formerly Toleman; it later became Renault F1.
i. From through Benetton F1 Team had a United Kingdom license; from through , an Italian one.
j. Coloni later became Andrea Moda.
k. The nationality of Eagle, Penske, Shadow and Wolf is questioned.
l. Frank Williams Racing Cars includes Politoys (), Iso Marlboro (-) and Wolf-Williams () cars. Prior to 1972 FWRC ran customer chassis. Later became Wolf. Williams Grand Prix Engineering, now WilliamsF1, was a new constructor established by Frank Williams and Patrick Head after Williams left Wolf-Williams.
m. Jaguar was formerly Stewart Grand Prix; it later became Red Bull Racing.
n. Jordan later became Midland F1 Racing, then Spyker, then Force India.
o. Does not include Kurtis' Indianapolis 500 (1950-1960) entries.
p. Leyton House was formerly March Engineering.
q. Ligier later became Prost Grand Prix.
r. Lola includes Larrousse () and Mastercard Lola () entries.
s. March later became Leyton House Racing. In March returned for one final season.
t. Midland was formerly Jordan Grand Prix; it later became Spyker F1, then Force India.
u. Minardi later became Scuderia Toro Rosso.
v. Monteverdi was formerly Onyx Grand Prix.
w. Onyx later became Monteverdi.
x. Osella later became Fondmetal.
y. Prost was formerly Ligier.
z. Sauber later became the BMW works team as BMW Sauber. In they returned to Sauber.
aa. Spyker was formerly Jordan Grand Prix and Midland F1 Racing; it later became Force India.
ab. Stewart later became Jaguar Racing.
ac. Toleman later became Benetton Formula.
ad. Tyrrell later became British American Racing.
ae. Wolf was formerly Frank Williams Racing Cars.
af. In and Scuderia Platé built their own engines for the Maserati-Platé 4CLT.

All statistics and other data drawn from:

Genesis creation narrative

The Genesis creation narrative, found in the first two chapters of the Book of Genesis in the Bible, describes a supernatural beginning of the earth and life, ending with the creation of humans in the image of God. This creation narrative is part of the Bible of Judaism and Christianity.

Chapter 1 tells of God's creation of the world, ending with the consecration of the seventh day as the Sabbath. Man and woman are created to be God's rulers over the new creation. Chapter 2 tells of God's planting a garden in which he places the first man, and from whose rib he creates the first woman. The chapter ends by saying marriage is holy.

Nave

The nave is where the congregation sits in a church. It usually has long benches, called 'pews', or separate chairs.

Naves are found in humble Saxon churches, and in grand Romanesque and Gothic Christian Abbeys, Cathedrals, and Basilicas. 

The nave is the central approach to the high altar, the main body of the church. 'Nave' (Medieval Latin "navis", "ship") was probably suggested by the shape of its vaulting resembling an upside-down hull (bottom of a ship).

Hexham Abbey

Hexham Abbey is an Anglican church in the town of Hexham, Northumberland, dedicated to St Andrew. Since the Dissolution of the monasteries in 1537, the Abbey has been the parish church of Hexham.

The Abbey, which was a cathedral in Saxon times, is part of the Diocese of Newcastle. The diocese is based in Newcastle upon Tyne, and includes the historic county of Northumberland in northeast England.

There has been a church on this site for over 1300 years since Etheldreda, Queen of Northumbria, made a grant of lands c.674. The Benedictine abbey was built almost entirely of stones from nearby Roman ruins. The Saxon crypt still remains; as does a "frith" stool, a 7th/8th century 'cathedra' or throne.

In the year 875 Halfdene the Dane ravaged the whole of Tyneside and Hexham Church was plundered and burnt to the ground.

About 1050 one Eilaf was put in charge of Hexham, although as treasurer of Durham, he probably never came there. Eilaf was instructed to rebuild Hexham Church which then lay in utter ruin. His son Eilaf II completed the work probably building in the Norman style.

In Norman times, the old abbey was replaced by an Augustinian priory. The present church is from that period (c.1170–1250), in the Early English (Gothic) style of architecture. The choir, north and south transepts and the cloisters date from this period.

The east end was rebuilt in 1860, and the rest of the Abbey was largely rebuilt around 1900. This mammoth project involved re-building the nave, whose walls include some of the earlier church. The nave was re-consecrated in 1908. In 1996 an additional chapel was created at the east end of the north choir aisle. Named "St Wilfrid's Chapel", it offers a place for prayer or quiet reflection.

Edward Adelbert Doisy

Edward Adlebert Doisy (November 13, 1892 - October 23, 1986) was an American biochemist. He won the 1943 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Henrik Dam, for the discovery of Vitamin K.

Biochemist

A biochemist is a person who studies biochemistry. This is the study of the chemicals in living things. It can include blood, proteins, and enzymes.

Famous biochemists include:

List of church architecture terms

List of church architecture terms. The terms used in church architecture were developed first for the Gothic architecture cathedrals of the mediaeval era. The terms, with variations, are used for all kinds of Christian churches.



Tomb Raider II

Tomb Raider II is a video game in the "Tomb Raider" series and is the sequel to "Tomb Raider". Made by Core Design and published by Eidos Interactive, the game was released for PlayStation, Windows 95 in November 1997, Macintosh in 1998 and on the PlayStation Network in 2009.

Hydrogen sulfate

Hydrogen sulfate, also known as bisulfate, is an ion. Its chemical formula is HSO. It is formed as part of sulfuric acid, HSO.

Chemical compounds containing this ion are known as bisulfates or hydrogen sulfates. An example would be sodium bisulfate. Hydrogen sulfates are acidic. They can be used as a weaker form of acid than sulfuric acid. It is a salt of sulfuric acid. In these compounds, sulfuric acid is deprotonated once. In the sulfate ion, it is deprotonated twice. 


Sodium bisulfate

Sodium bisulfate, also known as sodium hydrogen sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaHSO. It is made of sodium and bisulfate ions. It is a white crystalline solid. It is an acid, though not as strong as sulfuric acid. It can be made by reacting smaller amounts of sodium hydroxide and sulfuric acid. If too much sodium hydroxide is used, sodium sulfate is made instead. It is also made by reacting sodium chloride and sulfuric acid when heated. This reaction also makes hydrogen chloride. It is used to lower pH (made things more acidic).


Potassium sulfate

Potassium sulfate, also known as arcanite, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KSO. It contains potassium and sulfate ions.

It is a white crystalline solid. It dissolves in water easily. It does not dissolve in potassium hydroxide or concentrated ethanol. It can react with additional sulfuric acid to make potassium bisulfate.

It is made by reacting potassium hydroxide and sulfuric acid. It can also be made by reacting potassium chloride with sulfuric acid. It can also be made by reacting sulfur dioxide, oxygen, and potassium chloride with some water.

Potassium sulphate is an important salt in everyday life. It is primarily used: 


Arcanite is the mineral form of potassium sulfate. 


Oleum

Oleum is a chemical. It does not have a chemical formula because it is a mixture, not a chemical compound. It is made by dissolving sulfur trioxide in sulfuric acid. It is part of the contact process used to make sulfuric acid. It is a fuming (releases toxic fumes) liquid. It can be dissolved in some water to produce concentrated sulfuric acid.


Ammonium sulfate

Ammonium sulfate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is (NH)SO. It contains ammonium and sulfate ions. It is slightly acidic because ammonia is a weak base. It is made by reacting ammonia with sulfuric acid. It breaks down when heated. It is used in fertilizers to provide both sulfur and nitrogen to plants. It is banned in some parts of the Middle East because it was being used to make explosives. 

The ammoniacal nitrogen of ammonium sulfate does not leach out easily. Ammonium sulfate is an acid forming fertilizer, and hence used in neutral or alkaline soils. It rarely occurs in the ground. 


Smokey and the Bandit

Smokey and the Bandit is a 1977 comedy movie produced by Mort Engelberg and directed by Hal Needham. It stars Burt Reynolds, Sally Field, Jackie Gleason, Jerry Reed and Mike Henry. The movie spawned with two sequels, "Smokey and the Bandit II" and "Smokey and the Bandit 3".



Amor Prohibido (song)

"Amor Prohibido" () is a song by American singer Selena. The song was written by Selena, her brother A.B. Quintanilla III, and Pete Astudillo. It became the lead single from the album of the same name (1994). "Amor Prohibido" is about the relationship between a man and a woman. Their love is put to the test. These include problems over money, and their parents not supporting their relationship because they both come from different places. Some music reviewers believe the song is similar to the "Romeo and Juliet" story because of its theme of forbidden love.

"Amor Prohibido" became one of the most successful singles, along with "No Me Queda Más", of 1994 and 1995. It later became one of Selena's signature songs. The song won awards at the Tejano Music Awards and at the Premio Lo Nuestros in 1994 and for the next three years. "Amor Prohibido" reached number one on the U.S. Hot Latin Songs and number five on the Latin Regional Mexican Airplay charts on "Billboard".

The song helped Selena attract larger and younger audiences to her concerts because of its different sounds. Selena chose to explore Latin dance-pop music with the song. She had usually recorded Tejano sounds. Non-Mexicans also started liking Tejano music because of the new sounds in Selena's music. The music video was filmed in Joshua Tree, California. It was released on all the Spanish-language television channels in the United States and Mexico on Valentine's Day. It was later certified gold by AMPROFON, while 500,000 copies were sold in the United States. Several recording artists worldwide, including non-Hispanics, have since made cover versions of "Amor Prohibido".

"Amor Prohibido" was written by Selena's brother, A.B. Quintanilla III. A former Selena y Los Dinos backup singer, Pete Astudillo, also helped. It was recorded at Q-Productions, a small studio label founded by Selena's father, Abraham Quintanilla, Jr. It was mixed by Brian "Red" Moore, a family friend. "Amor Prohibido" was produced and engineered by Jorge Alberto Pino and Argentine composer and arranger Bebu Silvetti. "Amor Prohibido" was prepared by Joe Ojeda, and Chris Pérez, Selena's husband.

The song was written during Selena's "Live! Tour" in 1993. It began when Selena began to hum a melody in the tour bus. Her brother and Astudillo began writing down her melody lines. They wanted to write the entire melody into a song. "Amor Prohibido" was based on Selena's grandparents, Mexican immigrants, who were not allowed to be together. Their parents, Selena's great-grandparents, had forbidden them to love each other. This was because they were different from each other. When interviewed about the song, Selena said "Amor Prohibido" meant a lot to her and her family, and that it is one of her favorite songs. "Amor Prohibido" became the most successful single, along with "No Me Queda Mas", of 1994 and 1995.

The song was officially finished after she had won a Grammy Award for "Best Mexican/American Album" for "Selena Live!" (1993). "Amor Prohibido" had a lot of airplay after it was released as a promotional single on April 13, 1994. It became one of Selena's signature songs, and a fan favorite.

Selena promoted "Amor Prohibido" during her Amor Prohibido Tour. Fans in Denver, Colorado were the first crowd to watch Selena perform "Amor Prohibido" at the start of the tour on January 28, 1994.

"Amor Prohibido" is a Spanish-language Tejano pop song mixed with modern Latin pop and South American rhythms. It is set in common time with a moderate beat tempo of 90 beats per minute. 

"Amor Prohibido" describes a relationship between a man and a woman. The song's message tells listeners to stick with their partner, no matter what may happen, even if their parents forbid them to love each other. Music critics have compared it to the story of "Romeo and Juliet" because it is also about forbidden love.

"Amor Prohibido" helped Selena attract bigger crowds to her concerts. Selena also began to attract younger audiences to her music. Selena explored other Latin genres, such as Latin dance-pop with "Amor Prohibido". This new type of sound was given positive feedback by music critics. This helped other non-Mexicans to enjoy Tejano music. The song had South American rhythms and sounds. With this new type of sound, more Hispanics became fans of Selena. Most of Selena's songs were written by her brother Quintanilla III. Quintanilla III wrote most of her songs that broke free from "Tejano" and "Tex-Mex" (Texas-Mexico) music. This led Selena to be named "The Queen of Tejano music", because she was the first and only Tejano artist to ever achieve fame in different styles of music.

Selena was named the "Top Latin Artist of the '90s" and "Best selling Latin artist of the decade" by "Billboard". This was because she had fourteen top-ten singles in the "Hot Latin Songs" chart, including seven number one hits. Music Choice On Demand selected several Selena music videos, including "Amor Prohibido", as a tribute which was watched in over 42 million homes nationwide in 2010. The "Daily Vault" called "Amor Prohibido" a "seamless track", which made them wonder about Selena's father, Quintanilla Jr, and called him an "over-influential" on Selena. "Amor Prohibido" became one of the most successful singles, along with "No Me Queda Más", of 1994 and 1995.

The music video was filmed in Joshua Tree, California by Tango Productions. It was directed by Cecilia Miniucchi, who directed most of Selena's music videos. Philip Holahan filmed the video, and Clayton Halsey edited the video after it was filmed. Filming began on February 6, 1994. The music video was released on all major Spanish-language television channels in America on Valentine's Day.
The music video begins with Selena running towards an open door in the desert. This symbolizes a new relationship. She then walks outwards from a wall, which shows videos of a couple who are in love. Selena begins singing the song while walking in the desert, with the wind blowing her hair around. She sings of how much she really wants to hear her boyfriend speak. The video then changes scenes to Selena at the open door dancing and singing along with the song. After Selena spins around once, she is seen looking out from a window, seeing herself and her boyfriend dancing. She tells him that their love should not be about money and that they should not worry about what their parents had told them. More love scenes are shown with Selena and her boyfriend laughing and enjoying each other's company. After telling him that their love should be based on how much they love each other, Selena looks at her reflection in a small puddle. While looking out from the window, Selena tells her boyfriend that she is poor and that her love is all she can give to him. The video ends with Selena and her boyfriend running away from the world and going into a new one together.









Chapter house

A Chapter house or chapterhouse is a special building or room attached to a cathedral or large church. It is where the cathedral chapter meetings are held. Chapter houses were also built in mediaeval monasteries.

In a cathedral, the chapter is always chaired by the Dean, whose job it is to run (manage) the cathedral. Members of the chapter will include Canons, who may include top lay officials as well as priests. It is a management group for the cathedral.

The side of the cloister with the chapter house was usually the first to be constructed; it would have been started shortly after the church’s frame was put up.

When part of a monastery, the chapter house is usually on the eastern wing of the cloister. It is a large space, to hold all the monks of the monastery. It is built in the same style as the churches of that day. In some Romanesque or Gothic monasteries, the entrance to the chapter house is a miniature version of the entrance to a cathedral.

The community of monks would meet in the chapter house with the Abbot to 'hold chapter'. This meant to read aloud from the rule book and Bible, and to discuss matters concerning the monastery and its monks. The meetings generally took place in the morning, after mass; the monks would sit along the length of the walls in strict age-order. At the end of the meeting the monks would publicly confess their sins or denounce others' (anonymously).

Canon (official)

A Canon in a church is an official. They may or may not be a priest. The Chapter of a cathedral is an official group made up of the Dean and Chapter of canons, who meet in a chapterhouse. They run the cathedral, especially the business affairs of the cathedral. They are the body which has legal responsibility for the cathedral, and for electing the (arch)bishop.

Originally, a canon was a cleric who lived in the precinct of the cathedral. The word meant a priest who was under (ruled by) a bishop.

In the Anglican church, some canons are laypersons (not ordained). The title is also given to some senior or retired priests as an honorary title.

Shane Lechler

Edward Shane Lechler (born August 7, 1976 in East Bernard, Texas) is an American football punter for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). Lechler was drafted out of Texas A&M University by the Oakland Raiders with the 142nd pick in the fifth round of the 2000 NFL Draft. 


Dean

A dean is the title of a high official in a church or college. 

At one time all ancient colleges were entirely run by priests. In England, you could not even be a student unless you were a member of a Church of England congregation. In those days, a Dean was a senior person who looked after the people and finance, and that is usually so today. But now there are two kinds of Dean:


Cover (combat technique)

In combat sports like fencing, boxing, karate, etc., the cover is a defensive movement permitting to protect oneself against strikes by placing a weapon or a body part like the fist, forearm, elbow, arm or shoulder before the aim aimed by this attack.

This form of defence, so-called "passive", is different from the block or parry that are considered "active". The cover has nearly the same meaning as "protection" especially in boxing when a fighter raises his arm in order to protect his face or head against a possible attack.

One puts cover to use:

The cover in boxing is a form of defence commonly used in the hand-to-hand situations and when the fighter suffers by a large number of strikes.



Manipuri dance

Manipuri dance, originally known as Manipuri Rasa Leela Dance is a classical dance form originated from the Manipuri culture of the Indian state of Manipur. The classical style of the dance is described as being the most graceful of all the Indian classical dances. Rabindranath Tagore used the style for his female characters in his famous dance dramas.

Manipur shares a border with Burma. The people of Manipur are part of the Mongoloid group, with a very rich and artistic culture.

The "Rasalila" of Manipur is said to be one of the highlights of India culture. It is through the Rasalila that the people of Manipur reach the highest bliss of worship. Following the "Srimadbhagavata", the core text of Chaitanite Vaishnavism, the first "Rasalila Maharas" was composed in 1779. The story as laid down in the Bhagavata was performed in the temple. A "Rasamandali", a circular dance area, was built outside the temple and people sat around it to watch the "Rasalila". This still happens in the Govindaji temple beside the Palace of the Kings. The success of this "Rasalila" made Raja Bhagyachandra (ruler from 1755 to 1789) try composing other Rasalilas such as the "Vasantarasa" and "Kunjarasa". The "Nityaras" and "Divarasa" are later developments of the Rasalila. The performances of the "Maharasa", "Vasantarasa" and "Kunjarasa" are fixed in the year, but "Nityarasa" can be performed at anytime of the year. Later kings continued to develop and compose dances. Raja Gambhir Singh (1781–1833) introduced acting the stories of child Krishna in Goparasa and Udukhalrasa. The time of Raja Chandrakirti (1831–1886) can claim to be the golden age of the evolution of Manipuri dance.

Other dances of Manipur are performed during festivals like "Rathayatra", "Holi", and "Kwakjatra". All these dances are about religious devotion. The songs that are sung with these dances speak of the glory of Radha & Krishna. The main instruments are the Pung and flute.
The technique of Manipuri dance is probably the most graceful of all the classical dances of India. The body follows the path of 8 and the feet movements generate light touch on the ground. The face has a subdued expression while the eyes mostly express the "bhaktirasa" or the emotion of devotion. There are two styles of this dance form: the "tandava" and the "lasya". In "tandava", we have the "Cholom tandava" done by men and the Krishna "tandava", which is a counterpart of the "lasya" technique in "Rasalila". The lasya is a very graceful style in Manipur. Rabindranath Tagore used this technique for the female characters in his dance dramas.

The emotional part of this dance form follows the rasa theory as written in the Vaishnava texts. The "pancharasa"- "shanta", "dasya", "sakhya", "vatsalya" and "madhura"- are the main emotions on which the Vaishnavite Manipuri Dance is based.

Manipur stands apart from all the Indian Classical dances for the beautiful costumes of the Rasalila, which is a unique creation of the people of Manipur. Religion and art have merged completely in the making of dance in Manipur. Even today one cannot identify Manipuri dance without the presence of the gods Krishna and Radha.

The oldest form of dance is found in the Lai Haraoba festival. The word "Lai" means God, and the word "Haraoba" means merrymaking. Lai Haraoba means merrymaking of the gods. The festival generally lasts for a month and is held every year in the months of May and June. The Maibi community holds the Lai Haraoba festival. Maibis are female priests, although there a some male priests too. There are specific rituals that the maibis follow during the festival. They dance and worship the forest gods, called the "Umang Lai". There are also household gods, for example the "Sanamahi" or "Panthoibi". All these gods are worshipped in the Lai Haraoba festival. The Maibis dance and show the formation of earth and life. They use 364 hand gestures to show this. During the festival the people of Manipur sing, dance, act, play instruments and play sports. The rituals are pre-determined and all the village people participate.

The instrument used in Lai Haraoba is called the "Pena (musical instrument)". It is a very special instrument of Manipur. It is played by the "Pena Khongba", and the tune is believed to put the Lai to sleep or used to wake him up. Other tunes are also played for the dances. The story of Khuman Khamba and Moirang Thoibi are played here. The other stories have characters such as the Nongpok Ningthou and Panthoibi. These are basically love stories. The characters are often identified with the Hindu Gods Shiva and Parvati. Though mostly based on nature worship, according to the Manipuri scholars, this festival has elements of Tantric Cults.

The very popular martial art of Manipur, "Thangpak", is also a part of this festival, with performances of sword and spear play. Many movements of "Thangpak" are also part of the dances of Manipur. For example, the popular "Khujengleibi" movement in dance is found in the sword technique.

In the 18th century, Manipur came under the influence of Chaitanite Vaishnavism which was a branch of Hinduism. Vaishnavism made its entry in Manipur during the reign of King Charairongba. During the rule of Raja Bhagyachandra, Chaitanite Vaishnavism became a permanent part of Manipur's culture. The Raja joined this religion and his subjects followed him. Many parts of daily life changed with Vaishnavism; the rituals of Vaishnavism were followed very closely by the community. The gods of the religion, Krishna and Radha were worshipped and temples were built all over Manipur. The people started worshipping the gods with dance. There were two kinds of dance that developed with the influence of this religion: the "Samkirtana" and the "Rasalila".

"Samkirtana" is basically a male dance form in which the performers play instruments, sing and dance. This follows the lines of the Samkirtana as shown by Chaitanya Mahaprabhu in Bengal. In Manipur it has a very rich dance element along with singing and playing instruments. It is an energetic and acrobatic dance. The main instrument is a wooden drum, the "Pung", which looks like the clay "Khol" of Bengal. The sounds naturally vary. The dance with the "Pung", called the "Pung Cholom", is part of the "Samkirtana" in Manipur. The "Cholom" is a male dance form of Manipur. The name probably comes from the word "Chalan", meaning way of movement. There is also the "Kartal Cholom", where the movements are more grand and follow the sound and playing of the big cymbals, the "Kartalas". The singing, called the "ishei", follows the kirtana style of Bengal. Singers use a trembling tone which is typical of the Manipuri style of singing. The talas (rhythm patterns) used have an immense variety. There are 64 different talas for the Pung. These rhythmic patterns are also used in interesting combinations. The costumes are white, but the turbans vary with the instrument players. The "Samkirtana" is performed at all major occasions in the society, such as birth ceremonies, weddings, and funerals. It is even performed before the beginning of the "Rasalila".

Database administrator

A Database Administrator is someone who is a admin or know's about the database. Databases being MySQL, phpMyAdmin and etc. They have the most access if you use a database because well... then are a admin.

Megan Fox

Megan Denise Fox (born May 16, 1986) is an American actress and model.

She was born in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. She moved to St Petersburg, Florida at age 10. 

She starred in Transformers. She stars with Dominic Monaghan in the music video for Love the Way You Lie by Eminem and Rihanna.

Fox is openly bisexual. 

Since May 2020, he has been in a relationship with rap musician Machine Gun Kelly. On January 12, 2022, Fox announced that the two were engaged.


2009–10 FC Barcelona season

The 2009–10 season is Futbol Club Barcelona's 116th in the Spanish league.

Trams in Szczecin

Szczecin, Poland had trams invented in 1879 and now the trams are one of the largest tram network in Poland, consisting of 111 km of tram routes, 223 trams, 12 routes, and 95 tram stops . The trams are run on standard gauge track. Currently operated by a company "Tramwaje Szczecińskie".

Swahili

Swahili may mean:


2010–11 FC Barcelona season

The 2010–11 season was FC Barcelona's 111th season since the club was founded in 1899. Barcelona started the season with a new President, Sandro Rosell.

Many people consider this season to be one of the best in Barcelona's history.

Elimination Chamber (2010)

Elimination Chamber (also known as No Way Out in Germany) was a pro wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which took place on February 21, 2010 at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, Missouri. It replaced No Way Out as WWE's February pay-per-view.

The idea of the show was that the two main event matches, one for the World Heavyweight Championship and one for the WWE Championship, would be in an Elimination Chamber. Each match had six wrestler in it: the defending champion and five challengers. Sheamus defended the WWE Championship against Triple H, Ted DiBiase, Randy Orton, John Cena, and Kofi Kingston in the Raw Elimination Chamber. In the SmackDown Elimination Chamber match, The Undertaker defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Chris Jericho, John Morrison, Rey Mysterio, CM Punk and R-Truth. On the undercard, Drew McIntyre defended the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Kane, The Miz defended the WWE United States Championship against Montel Vontavious Porter, and Maryse and Gail Kim wrestled against Team Lay-Cool (Layla and Michelle McCool) in a tag team match.


San José Chinantequilla

San José Chinantequilla is a community in the Mixe region of Oaxaca state, Mexico. Chinantequilla is in the municipality of Totontepec.

The town 463 people living in it and is around 1160 meters above the sea, the town is in what is known as the Mixe area high north, and has an indigenous language is Mixe but also people originally from this community dominated the Castilian. They have now provided the means of communication in this area, which was previously very difficult to reach.

The locals, speak Spanish and the local dialect of the Mixe language. Each dialect of Mixe is different depending on the village in which it is spoken. According to the 2005 census, the town had a population of 463 people. It has recorded very little information about the history of this community, researchers assume that was one of the last towns on reach the Mixe region, so it is considered a village young, economic activities that are practiced in this community include: The production and marketing of coffee, agriculture and trade. Chinantequilla is north of the state of Oaxaca in the Sierra Mixe approximately 85 km from the capital city, the region extends from the mountain, extremely rugged, with elevations reaching 2,500 meters above sea level, are therefore varied climates: cold and humid in the mountain, temperate semi-humid in the part mean and hot and humid in the lower.


Yamatai

The Yamatai was the strongest country in Wa, beginning from the early 2nd century to the end of the 3rd century. Wa is the oldest written name of Japan.

The Wei Zhi Worenshuan is a Chinese text that tells about this country. Yamatai came into being when about 30 smaller parts of Japan of that time united under a queen named Himiko. Yamatai is also famous for trading with Wei, which is a Chinese dynasty. No one knows where the Yamatai can be found. Some archaeologists dispute whether the Yamatai Kingdom was located in northern Kyushu or in the central Kinki region.

Himiko

Himiko (, about 175 – 248 CE) was the queen of Yamataikoku in ancient Japan. Early Japanese histories do not mention Himiko. The earliest written descriptions of her come from China. There has been much debate over her identity and the location of Yamatai since the late Edo period. Himiko reigned as queen during the 3rd century.

Harlequin duck

The harlequin duck ("Histrionicus histrionicus"), also known as the painted duck, totem pole duck, rock duck, glacier duck, mountain duck, white-eyed diver, squeaker and blue streak, is a duck that lives in the sea. The female is plain, but the male has white markings. This is called "disruptive coloration" The male can be difficult to see against surfaces that are not a solid color, like water that ripples. The point is that it disrupts the appearance of body shape, but there are other explanations. In general, bright colours in male birds serve two main functions. One is sexual selection by the females, in which the colours act as evidence of the male's suitability. The other is territory control by the males during the mating season. Only experiments and long observation can decide which factors are in play.

Press-up

A Press-up also called a push-up is an exercise move where a person lifts themself off the ground and back towards it with their arms. Press-ups help the pectoral muscles and triceps.

Peabody Award

The George Foster Peabody Awards (Peabody Awards) are international awards for excellence in radio and television. It is named after philanthropist and banker George Foster Peabody.


Mae Whitman

Mae Margaret Whitman (born June 9, 1988) is an American television, movie and voice actor. 

Whitman has recorded "I Heard The Bells On Christmas Day" and "You Make Christmas Feel So Good" for "School's Out! Christmas".

Whitmans has also sang guest vocals on a number of tracks from indie-punk band Fake Problems newest album "Real Ghosts Caught on Tape".


Team Umizoomi

Team Umizoomi is an American television show for children. The show was broadcast on Nickelodeon in the United States from January 25, 2010 to April 24, 2015. It's about 3 characters: 2 kids: Milli, and Geo, and a robot named Bot. It uses a lot of mathematical ideas, such as counting, sequences, shapes, and patterns too.


88 Minutes

88 Minutes is a 2007 American crime drama thriller mystery movie. It is set in Seattle and stars Al Pacino. He gets a call on his cell phone by a deep-voiced person telling him he only has 88 minutes to live. Benjamin McKenzie is also in the movie.

Alvarezsaurus

Alvarezsaurus is a small dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of Argentina, about 8683 million years ago. It measured about two meters in length and weighed 20 kilograms. 

It was named by paleontologist Jose Bonaparte in 1991. It walked on two legs, had a long tail, and its leg structure suggests that it was a fast runner. It may have eaten insects. It was more basal than other, better-known, members of its family, such as "Mononykus" and "Shuvuuia".

"Alvarezsaurus" was featured in the Discovery Channel television series "Dinosaur Planet". It was shown as a predator of young "Saltasaurus", although these species did not exist at the same time. "Alvarezsaurus" lived about five million years before "Saltasaurus".

Aucasaurus

Aucasaurus was a medium-sized theropod dinosaur from Argentina that lived during the Upper Cretaceous. It was smaller than its relative "Carnotaurus". It had extremely short arms. Its skeleton is the most complete abelisaurid skeleton discovered so far. However, the skull is damaged, causing some paleontologists to speculate that it was involved in a fight shortly before it died.

This dinosaur was featured in the Discovery Channel series "Dinosaur Planet", where it was depicted as a pack hunter and ate the sauropod "Saltasaurus". In the episode, the head injury discovered in the type specimen was interpreted as being crushed by a stumbling "Saltasaurus".

Conservation biology

Conservation biology is the study of the nature and status of Earth's biodiversity, aimed to protect species, their habitats, and ecosystems from threatening to extinction. It combines subjects ranged from sciences to economics and the practice of natural resource management. The name "conservation biology" was introduced as the title of a meeting held at the University of California in 1978. Both conservation biology and the concept of biodiversity influence conservation policy.


Fandango (wrestler)

Curtis Jonathan Hussey (born July 22, 1983) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), where he performs under the ring name Dirty Dango. He is best known for his time in WWE from 2006 to 2021, where he competed under the ring name Fandango and is a former NXT Tag Team Champion with Tyler Breeze. He was also known by the ring name Johnny Curtis when he competed on the fourth season of "NXT", which he won. He first competed for Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), where was a two-time Florida Tag Team Champion with Tyler Reks and Derrick Bateman. His entrance music was popular among WWE fans and so it placed on the iTunes charts and generated coverage in mainstream media.


Tornado drill

A tornado drill is something people do to practice what they would do if there were a tornado. It is usually done in a building such as a school or office. It starts with a signal such as an alarm or a spoken message over an intercom. After they hear the signal, people go to a certain part of the building. This is usually a room deep inside the building (probably near the middle), or a hallway with no windows. They then get into a safe position. This might include kneeling on the ground with their hands over their heads.

In some places, schools have to have tornado drills, but usually not as often as fire drills. Tornado drills happen more in places where there are more tornadoes, such as in the Tornado Alley of the Midwestern United States.

In the United States, most states in the Midwest and South have a statewide tornado drill in late winter or early spring to get ready for the severe weather season. During these drills, the National Weather Service gives out test tornado warnings, and local Emergency Alert Systems and/or NOAA Weather Radio (normally as a weekly or monthly test) are sounded, along with outdoor warning sirens. Schools and businesses may also have a tornado drill.



Android (robot)

An android is a robot that looks very similar to humans. In TV shows and movies, androids are usually represented by human actors without special effects, while robots are usually shown in clunky suits or in makeup.

In real life, androids do exist — but they are inhuman and tend to look scary, falling into the uncanny valley.


Manuel Lanzini

Manuel Lanzini (born 15 February 1993) is an Argentine football player. He plays for River Plate.

 (Argentina score listed first, score column indicates score after each Lanzini goal)

Fluminense

River Plate
West Ham United
Argentina
Individual


ISO 21482

ISO 21482 is a standard that specifies a warning symbol to warn against the dangers of radiation. The warning is made of the trefoil on the top, which warns against radiations. There are lines towards the bottom. On the bottom left, there is a skull, which warns against poison. On the bottom right, there is a running figure, and an arrow pointing outside the sign. The color red was chosen because children said it expresses danger better than yellow. The Gallup Organization recommended the symbol, after showing it to 1650 people. 

The new symbol does not replace the old one, but it amends it. It was designed to show the danger of radiation to people who do not know about radiation, or who do not know the symbol for it. The symbol was developed because of nuclear accidents that happened because people opened containers with radioactive materials, such as the Goiânia accident in 1987, or the Samut Prakan disaster near Bangkok in 2000. The new symbol will not be placed on the containers. Rather, it will directly placed on the substances emitting radiation, of the highest categories, 1 to 3. Containers will continue to bear only the old symbol, as they do not pose a direct risk. This also applies to rooms with radiation sources or x-ray equipment in them.

Banchan

Banchan (also known as panch'an), is a word for small dishes of food. They are served with cooked rice in Korean cuisine. The main dishes that are eaten are "bap" (밥, cooked rice), "guk", or "tang" (soup), "gochujang" or "ganjang", "jjigae", and "kimchi". The table setting is called "3 cheop" (삼첩), "5 cheop" (오첩), "7 cheop" (칠첩), "9 cheop" (구첩), "12 cheop" (십이첩) "bansang". This depends on the number of "banchan" there is. In Korean royal cuisine, the table setting is "12 cheop".

"Banchan" are put on the middle of the table and usually shared, though "guk" (soup) is not shared. Banchan are served little by little. They are meant to be finished at each meal, and more is added if there is not enough. Often, the more formal the meals are, the more "banchan" there will be. Jeolla province is quite famous for serving many different kinds of "banchan" in a single meal.


Hanja

Hanja is the Korean word for Chinese characters. It is about the Chinese characters that are borrowed from the Chinese language and used in the Korean language with Korean pronunciation. "Hanja-mal" or "hanja-eo" is about words which can be written with hanja. "Hanmun" (한문) is about the Chinese Classical writing, but "hanja" can sometimes be used to generally mean "hanmun" too. Hanja was never very changed, so almost all of the Chinese characters in hanja are the same as in traditional Chinese. Only a few hanja characters are unique to Korea.

In the 1440s, however, a Korean hangul alphabet relying on sound was made by a group of students, led by King Sejong the Great. It was not widely used at first. However, by the early 19th and 20th century it was more widely used than "hanja", and it is now the official writing system of Korea.

But until then, everyone mostly read and wrote in "hanja", so most of the older books in Korean literature are written in hanja. Students who learn Korean history learn hanja to read historical papers. Children in South Korea still learn hanja, for many South Korean words still have roots in hanja. In North Korea, however, hanja has been abolished along with many Chinese loanwords, and North Koreans only use hangul to write in Korean.


Jjigae

Jjigae (찌개) is a Korean food. if you compare jjigae to a Western food, you can think of it as being similar to soup and stew. There are many different kinds of "jjigae". Koreans love and enjoy a food. People usually enjoy eating rice with jjigae. However, it is usually made with meat, seafood or vegetables in a broth flavored with "gochujang", "doenjang", or "ganjang". "Jjigae" can also be well seasoned with red chili pepper and served boiling hot. 

A Korean meal almost always includes either a "jjigae" or a "guk" (국, soup). In the Joseon Dynasty "jjigae" was called "jochi".

Guk and Tang have a lot of water and little stuff, so they belong to basic food like rice, but jjigae is mostly treated as a side dish.

Different kinds of "jjigae" are often called according to their main ingredients such as "saengseon jjigae" (생선찌개).
Kimchi-jjigae(김치찌개) : One of the most representative jjigaes in Korea. It is a spicy jjigae made with Kimchi, meat and tofu.Other types of Kimchi may be added to your taste. 

Soybean-jjigae(된장찌개) : As a representative jjigae in Korea, it is mentioned with Kimchi-jjigae. It is jjigae made with tofu or mushrooms with soybean paste. Ingredients may change depending on the season. 

Gochujang-jjigae(고추장찌개) : It is a jjigae made by boiling red pepper paste with water and adding meat, green onions, tofu, etc. This is the most common jjigae in Korea.
Soft tofu-jjigae(순두부찌개) : This is a jjigae made by adding seasoning to soft tofu and seasoning it with soy sauce or salt. It is one of the soft and easy-to-digest foods.

The Fame Monster

The Fame Monster is an extra long EP (extended play) recording created by American artist Lady Gaga in 2009. "The Fame Monster" reached the top of the charts in Australia, Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, Poland and the United Kingdom, while reaching the top ten in other major markets. Lady Gaga did a tour called the Monster Ball that lasted from late 2009 until mid-2011.

Gaga has said that the album represents the darker side of fame, and each song shows a certain fear.

The singles on "The Fame Monster" are "Bad Romance", "Telephone" (featuring R&B singer Beyoncé), and "Alejandro". The album and "Bad Romance" received three Grammy Awards altogether: Best Pop Vocal Album ("The Fame Monster"), Best Pop Vocal Performance ("Bad Romance"), and Best Short Form Music Video ("Bad Romance"). In the UK, the first two singles topped the chart.The main music genres which make up the album are pop, dance-pop, and electropop.

Traffic Cops

Traffic Cops is a British reality TV show narrated by Jamie Theakston. It is about criminals who are seen breaking the law on the road, often in cars. It has been on TV since 2003 and follows police forces in the UK. It is on BBC1 and old shows are on Blighty and Watch.

Fumigation

Fumigation is the making of toxic fumes. It may be done for several reasons. The most common use is to kill insects that hide in various places in a house or other building. There are a few steps to fumigate. First, the house or room is sealed. Then the fumigant (substance making fumes) is placed in the area. Then the fumigant is left to flow through the area. Finally, the fumigant is released before the people move back in. The gases are very toxic and the person fumigating has to make sure no one goes into the fumigation area or they might get poisoned. 


List of oxides

This page is a list of all oxides. Oxides are chemical compounds containing oxygen in an oxidation state of -2.



Exit (system call)

exit in computing means to terminate a task or program. On many computer operating systems, a process is stopped by making a system call, called exit. An exit in a multithreading environment means that a thread of execution has stopped running. The operating system reclaims memory that was used by the process. The process is said to be a "dead process" after it terminates.


Kip Winger

Kip Winger (born Charles Frederick Kip Winger, June 21, 1961, Denver, Colorado) is an American rock musician. He is a member of the band Winger, and a solo artist.

Winger (band)

Winger is an American metal band from in New York City. Winger became popular during the late 1980s and early 1990s from songs like "Seventeen", "Headed for a Heartbreak" and "Miles Away". As the music scene changed in the early to mid-1990s with the popularity of grunge music, the band lost popularity after their third album "Pull".

After the band broke up in 1994, some of the band members began solo careers. The band reunited in 2001 with a new guitarist (John Roth). In 2006, the band's 1993 touring line-up (except for Paul Taylor) re-united to record the band's first studio album in over 13 years, "IV". In 2009 the band released a fifth album, "Karma".

Nadia Petrova

Nadezhda "Nadia" Petrova (); born June 8, 1982 in Moscow, Soviet Union, is a Russian professional tennis player. 

She has won 27 WTA Titles, nine in singles and eighteen in doubles. In singles, Petrova has a career high ranking of World No. 3 in May 2006. She has reached the semi-finals of the French Open in 2003 and 2005. In doubles, she won the Sony Ericsson Championships in 2004 with Meghann Shaughnessy. As of 29 August 2011, Petrova was ranked World No. 30 in singles and World No. 9 in doubles. 


Ipswich, Queensland

Ipswich () is a large city in Queensland, Australia. It has a population of about 155,000 people. Ipswich is the oldest provincial city in Queensland, and has more than 6000 heritage listed houses, shops, public buildings and historic sites. It is also the site of the Amberley Air Base, the Royal Australian Air Force's largest operating base.

Gypsum

Gypsum (CaSO.2HO) is a common sulfate mineral made of calcium sulfate. Gypsum has been used as a building material for a long time, possibly since the neolithic. Today, it is used in drywall, and as an ingredient of plaster of Paris. It can also be used as a fertilizer. It is softer than most minerals, with a value of 2 on the Mohs scale of mineral hardness. This mineral can be, somewhat, scratched with your fingernail. A fingernail, with a value of 2.5 on the Mohs scale of mineral hardness is in fact higher than the mineral shown above. It is an ingredient of Portland cement. Gypsum was used in ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia by sculptors. It is also used in making surgical and orthopedic cast molds.

Rick Rude

Richard Erwin Rood (October 8, 1980-April 20, 1999), was an American professional wrestler. He is best known by his ring name "Ravishing" Rick Rude and wrestled for the professional wrestling promotions World Championship Wrestling (WCW), Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and World Wrestling Federation (WWF) from 1987 to 1998. In his wrestling career he was a one-time WWF Intercontinental Champion and won numerous championships in WCW and ECW.


Scholastic Corporation

Scholastic (or Scholastic Inc.) is a global book publishing company known for making educational items for schools, teachers, and parents, and selling and giving them by mail order and via book clubs and book fairs. It also has the all the publishing rights to the "Harry Potter" book series in the United States.


Scholastic has been criticized for bad marketing to children. A large number of titles have strong media tie-ins and are considered short in literary and artistic merit by some people. Consumer groups have also said that Scholastic is selling too many toys and video games to children.


Johnny Bravo

Johnny Bravo is a Cartoon Network television series that started in the year 1997 and ended the year 2004. Several celebrities (like Adam West and Donny Osmond) guest star. The show is now very popular. It was created by Van Partible.

The series premiered July 14, 1997 and ended officially August 27, 2004. The series is a spin-off of World Premiere Toons, also known as the "What a Cartoon! Show".


A video game titled "Johnny Bravo in The Hukka Mega Mighty Ultra Extreme Date-O-Rama!" was released on June 9, 2009 for the Nintendo DS and PlayStation 2. The PlayStation 2 version was released exclusively in Europe and Australia by Blast Entertainment, while the DS version was released in North America by MumboJumbo.

Characters from "Johnny Bravo" are featured in the Cartoon Network games "", "Cartoon Network Racing", "Cartoon Network Speedway", "", and "".

Randy Couture

Randy Duane Couture (born June 22, 1963 in Everett, Washington) is an American mixed martial artist, Greco-Roman wrestler and actor fighting for the UFC. Couture has won the UFC Heavyweight Championship 3 times, the UFC Light Heavyweight Championship 2 times and is a UFC Hall of Famer. Couture also acted in the movie The Expendables as "Toll Road".


Jason Lee

Jason Michael Lee (born April 25, 1970 in Orange, California) is an American professional Skateboarder turned actor. Growing up in Orange, California, he became a skateboarder at age 13. As a professional skateboarder he traveled worldwide and appeared in several skateboard videos. With a friend he founded the companies Stereo Skateboards and Stereo Sounds Clothing. Deciding to get out of skateboarding before he was too old, he began acting in 1993. His first break as a lead actor came in 1995 and the movie "Mallrats" (alongside Jeremy London). He continued to appear in a number of major Hollywood movies. He is known as an indie darling known for playing quirky characters. In 2005, he gambled on accepting the lead in the "My Name is Earl" television series. The sitcom ran for four years. In 2007, he played Dave Seville in "Alvin and the Chipmunks". He played the role again in the 2009 sequel.

<br>

B.J. Penn

Jay Dee "B.J." Penn (born December 13, 1978 in Hilo, Hawaii) is an American mixed martial artist. He fights for the UFC. Penn is a former one-time UFC Lightweight Champion and one-time UFC Welterweight Champion. Penn was also the coach of the 5th season of The Ultimate Fighter against the other coach, Jens Pulver. Penn is also a former one-time "Rumble on the Rock" Lightweight Champion.


Constitutional economics

Constitutional economics is a program of joint study of economics and constitutionalism. It is often described as "the economic analysis of constitutional law." Constitutional economics tries to explain the selection of constitutional rules "limiting the choices and activities of economic and political agencies." This is different from the approach of traditional economics. Also, constitutional economics studies how well economic decisions of the state agree with the existing constitutional economic rights of its citizens." For example, proper distribution of economic and financial resources of the state is a big question for every nation. Constitutional economics tries bringing together constitutional economic rights of the citizens and economic policy of the state.

The term “constitutional economics” was created in 1982 by the U.S. economist Richard McKenzie. Then it was used by another American economist – James M. Buchanan – as a name for a new academic sub-discipline. Buchanan’s work brought him in 1986 the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences for his "development of the contractual and constitutional bases for the theory of economic and political decision-making."

Buchanan rejects "any organic conception of the state" as superior in wisdom, to the citizens of this state." This philosophical position forms the basis of constitutional economics. Buchanan believes that every constitution is created for at least several generations of citizens. Therefore, it must be able to balance interests of the state, society, and each individual.

There exists an important opinion that constitutional economics can be regarded as the modern "science of legislation."

The constantly growing public interest in constitutional economics has already brought to life several academic journals, for example, "Constitutional Political Economy" (established in 1990).

The U.S. judge Richard Posner stresses the important role of state constitution in the economic development. He asserts that "effective protection of basic economic rights promotes economic growth."

The Supreme Court of India used practical interpretation of the Indian Constitution to protect the poorest and most oppressed groups of the population in several cases of public interest litigation. This is an example of real life application of the methodology of constitutional economics.

Constitutional economics pays special attention to such topic as proper national wealth distribution. Many countries with changing or developing economic systems still regard their constitutions as abstract legal documents having nothing in common with actual economic policy of the state. Three quarters of all independent states are still living under nearly absolute state control of the national economy. Neither civil society nor individual citizens in these states have any influence on the decisions taken in the process of national wealth distribution. Therefore, constitutional economics is especially important for the countries whose political and economic systems are in transition and where the state rarely respects constitutional economic rights of its citizens.



FIA Super Licence

The FIA Super Licence is a qualification allowing the licence (license) holder to take part in Formula One Grands Prix as a driver. The licence is issued by the FIA upon request.

There are several requirements to qualify for an FIA Super Licence. The driver requesting the licence must already have a Grade A competition licence. They must also meet the requirements of the FIA International Sporting Code, Appendix L. Appendix L lists other racing experience required. One of the following is required:

In rare and special cases, Appendix L allows the FIA to award a Super Licence to a driver who does not meet the normal requirements. A yes vote by all the members is required. The driver must also completed 300 kilometres of testing at racing speeds in a current car.

The nationality that appears on the racing licence is the same one that appears on the driver's passport. This does not need to be the same as the country issuing the racing licence. A Frenchman living in Germany can race with a German licence, but the nationality displayed would still be French. In order to race as German, the driver would need to have German nationality as well. For drivers with multiple citizenships, the driver chooses which country to drive for.


Kijiji

Kijiji ( ; , Swahili for "village") is a centralized network of online groups of people for writing local online classified advertisements. It is a subsidiary of eBay launched in March 2005. Kijiji is currently available for more than 300 cities in Germany. Further Kijiji countries are France, Italy, Canada, China, India, Taiwan, Belgium, Switzerland, Austria, and Japan. Kijiji was made available to selected cities in the United States on June 29, 2007, under the name of "eBay Classifieds".

Kijiji offers similar services and is seen as a competitor to Craigslist with the biggest exception being that Kijiji has quite an extensive pets section. Kijiji's owner eBay is also a minority shareholder in Craigslist. In April 2008 eBay launched a lawsuit against Craigslist claiming that their executives were attempting to weaken eBay's investment, while in May of the same year, Craigslist filed a countersuit claiming Kijiji had stolen trade secrets and that eBay used misleading tactics to promote the service.

In November 2004, eBay acquired Marktplaats.nl, which offers a similar classifieds service in the Netherlands, holding an 80% market share.

At that time, Marktplaats.nl had set out into Spain, Germany, Turkey and Canada under the name of Intoko. Intoko Spain merged with Loquo, Intoko Germany merged with Kijiji Germany and Intoko Canada merged with Kijiji Canada. Intoko Turkey transferred to the Kijiji platform and is currently operating as "intoko.kijiji.com.tr".

In May 2005, eBay bought Gumtree, which offers a similar service for cities in the UK, Ireland, Poland, Hong Kong, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand, as well as the Spanish company Loquo. One month later, it acquired OpusForum.org, another website offering online classifieds in Germany. In July 2006, Klaus Gapp, the founder of OpusForum, noted that, after its acquisition, it had "merged with its new Kijiji classifieds business in the German speaking markets of Austria, Germany and Switzerland." In August 2008, Kijiji re-branded their India site to Quikr.com.

The Kijiji Germany website has changed its name to eBay Kleinanzeigen.

In March 2010, eBay unveiled a new classifieds site, called eBay Classifieds, to replace its old site, Kijiji, in the United States.

Struggle for existence

The struggle for existence is a natural history [metaphor]. It refers to the competition between living things to survive. This, and the similar phrase "struggle for life", were used over 40 times by Charles Darwin in the "Origin of Species", and the phrase is the title of chapter 3 of the "Origin".
Darwin got the idea from his reading of the 6th edition of Thomas Malthus' "Essay on the principle of population", and Alfred Russel Wallace also used the phrase regularly.

The idea is actually much older, and many natural historians have noted the competition between animals. Generally speaking, they have been interested in the competition between species. Malthus was probably the first to think about the struggle for resources between members of one species – humans.

Darwin first heard about Malthus in letters from his sister Fanny, while he was voyaging on HMS "Beagle". Fanny told him Malthus' ideas were being promoted by Harriet Martineau, an early feminist writer. Later on, back in London, Darwin met Martineau over dinner, and put a lot of thought into the ideas of Malthus. The number of humans could double in 25 years. If they did not, it was because of competition for resources, such as food, or because wars and disease became more common.

Darwin began to realize that every species of living thing has the potential to increase geometrically (2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, ...), yet this pattern of population growth does not happen in practice. Darwin explains why organisms do not increase geometrically. His reasons were the competition between animals, the limited amount of food, the climate, and epidemics. All organisms are bound together in the struggle for existence by complex relationships between each other. Also, the struggle for existence is greatest between organisms of the same species.

Later, he combined these ideas with two more. One was the idea that, in the struggle, some would be better suited than others to succeed. The other idea was heredity: that the characteristics must be at least partly inherited. This led to his idea of evolution by means of natural selection. Wallace independently came to the same conclusion.

Darwin used the phrase 'struggle for existence' as the title of the third chapter of his "Origin of Species" in 1859. The old idea was now fitted into a complete theory.

Darwin says: "I first thought of selection owing to struggle July 15th 1838".
By the 1850s he had it all worked out in his manuscript "big book" (which was not published until 1975).

While recovering from malaria in the East Indies, Wallace sent an essay to Darwin in 1858. It contained the phrase: "The life of wild animals is a struggle for existence". Wallace had not known much about Darwin's ideas, and reached the idea from exactly the same source: one of the later editions of Malthus' "Essay on population". The arrival of this essay led to the joint publication of the idea of evolution by natural selection in 1958.


Chris Huhne

Christopher Murray-Paul Huhne, commonly known as Chris Huhne (born 2 July 1954) is a British politician. He was born in London and was a member of the Liberal Democrats until 2013.

In the 1980s he tried in vain to become an MP on behalf of the Social Democratic Party. He was the Member of Parliament for Eastleigh from May 2005 until February 2013. He was the United Kingdom's Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change from May 2010 until February 2012. When he was in that job, he decided on the most efficient ways of having electricity and other important resources in Britain. There was an article in the newspaper that said Huhne wanted to have more nuclear power stations. A lot of people think this is wrong.

Huhne was married to Greek economist Vicky Pryce (born 1952) from 1984 until they separated in 2010 and divorced in 2011. Huhne and Pryce had three children together.

Malcolm in the Middle

Malcolm in the Middle is an American sitcom. It was shown on Fox. It ran from January 9, 2000 to May 14, 2006. "Malcolm in the Middle" won 9 Emmy Awards, 1 Peabody Award and 1 Grammy Award.


The pilot was initially developed for UPN with Regency Television for the 1998–99 television season but when UPN's enthusiasm for the project waned, Gail Berman managed to rescue the pilot by bringing the project to Fox. The show was then moved to the 1999–2000 cycle where it was picked up by Fox.

The show's opening title features short clips from cult films or television shows, edited together with clips from the pilot and early episodes of the show, set to the song "Boss of Me" by They Might Be Giants.

Much of the filming for "Malcolm in the Middle" was done on location in various parts of the thirty-mile zone around Los Angeles. A privately owned home, located at 12334 Cantura Street in Studio City, California, was rented for upwards of $3,000 a day to film as Malcolm's house. Rebuilt in 2011, the property is no longer recognizable due to its modern two-floor design. However, the house directly to the left of it is nearly identical to what it looked like during filming, still making it a frequent stop for fans of the show. School scenes were filmed at Colfax Charter Elementary School, in North Hollywood, and the Lucky Aide was represented by a Drug Emporium at 6020 Lankershim Boulevard in North Hollywood. In "Stock Car Races", when Hal and the boys are entering a race track, the billboard behind the entrance displays the place as Irwindale Speedway, a real race track in Southern California. The last episode in the first season ("Water Park") was filmed at a water park called Wild Rivers (now closed as of 2011) located in Irvine, California. Though palm trees and desert scenery are seen in shots of the local region and town throughout the show, indicating a location in the Western United States, it is never revealed which state the show is set in (except for Francis's whereabouts in early seasons, such as his military school in Alabama and his job in Alaska).

Studio filming for "Malcolm in the Middle" took place on Stage 21 at CBS Studio Center in Studio City.

Hallmarks of the series' filming and structure, many of which heavily influenced later programs, included the following:


During the final two seasons, Christopher Masterson reduced his on-screen time in favor of writing and directing some episodes.

The show's theme song, "Boss of Me", was written and recorded by the alternative rock group They Might Be Giants. The song won the "Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media" award at the 2002 Grammy Awards. The band also performed nearly all of the incidental music for the show in its first two seasons.

Mood-setting music is sprinkled throughout the series, in lieu of audience laughter, in a way that resembles feature film more than other TV sitcoms. Some examples of this highly varied music include ABBA, Basement Jaxx, Sum 41, Kenny Rogers, Lemon Jelly, Lords of Acid, The Getaway People, En Vogue, Electric Light Orchestra, Fatboy Slim, Phil Collins, Claude Debussy, Tears for Fears, Quiet Riot, Queen, Chaka Khan and Citizen King, whose song "Better Days" is played at the end of both the pilot episode and the series finale. The Southern California pop-punk band Lit have many of their songs featured in several episodes. Lit songs that were never released as singles were also used.

A soundtrack, "Music from Malcolm in the Middle", was released on November 21, 2000.


Shays' Rebellion

Shays' Rebellion was a rebellion in central and western Massachusetts (mainly Springfield) from 1786 to 1787. The rebellion is named after Daniel Shays, a veteran of the American Revolution who led the rebels, also known as "Shaysites" or "Regulators". Most of the rebels were poor farmers angered by their debt and taxes. They could not pay their taxes and were afraid of going to jail or having their homes taken away from them.

They tried to stop the courts from taking property from indebted farmers by forcing the closure of courts in western Massachusetts. The participants in Shays' Rebellion believed they were acting in the spirit of the American Revolution, modeled their tactics after the crowd activities of the 1760s and the 1770s, and used "liberty poles" and "liberty trees" to symbolize their cause. 

Shays' Rebellion started on August 29, 1786, and by January 1787, over 1000 rebels had been arrested. A militia, which had been raised as a private army, defeated an attack on the federal Springfield Armory by the main rebel force on February 3, 1787.

Shays' Rebellion produced fears that the American Revolution’s democratic impulse had gotten out of hand. Over time, the farmers grew into armies, controlled by Shays and his men, as they tried to take back their rights.

Burnout Revenge

Burnout Revenge is a car racing game from the "Burnout" series of video games. There is a game in the game called "Takedown" where the player tries to knock as many players into a wall as possible. It was released on September 13, 2005.


Jarvis Green

Jarvis Green (born January 12, 1979) is an American football player. He is a defensive end for the Denver Broncos. He is 6'3 and weighs 285 pounds. He was born in Thibodaux, Louisana. He is 31 years old. He went to Louisana State University.


Cooking Channel

Cooking Channel is an Anerican television channel It replaced Fine Living Network from May 31, 2010. The channel is owned by Scripps Networks Interactive. It is a spinoff of Food Network which is also owned by SNI. The channel focuses more on instructional programs than "reality style" and competitions that Food Network is now geared towards. The original plan was to make the change in the fall of 2010. It was later announced that the switch would be made on May 31, 2010 to happen with Memorial Day in the United States. Cooking Channel launched a high-definition channel on June 30, 2010. The channel has also announced it eventually will offer an on demand version.

Many of Food Network's top chefs and celebrities had new programs on the channel starting in the fall of 2010. These included - Emeril Lagasse, Rachael Ray and Bobby Flay. Lagasse's program, "Emeril's Fresh Food Fast", showed viewers how fresh food can be prepared in a short amount of time without the lose of authentic taste. Flay's program, "Bruch @ Bobby's" focused on Weekend bruches/ Ray's program, "Week In a Day" showedviewers how to plan a week's menu by cooking them all in a single day. 

The channel also carried the new "post-game" show for "The Next Food Network Star". It also aried replays of programs from cooks in Canada and Great Britain, These include Food Network Canada host David Rocco's "David Rocco's Dolce Vita" and Irish chef Rachel Allen's "". 


Social security

Social Security or social welfare is the name given to programs to provide money for people who need it. Social security systems are often linked to health care.

War pensions are the most ancient type of social security. They are mentioned by Plutarch.

Universal benefits are those where everyone who meets the conditions - such as children under a certain age or people who are ill or disabled - are paid.

In many countries social Security provides support only to people who have paid contributions. Most pension systems are for people who have paid contributions. Contributions are regular payments taken from their pay when they are working. They will be recorded by the government. The right to a pension may include dependent members of the family. Pensions may then be paid to widows and orphans. People may also make regular payments into private pensions. 

Means tested benefits are paid to people who can show that they are poor. There are usually tests both of regular income and of capital. They are usually paid to households. Before government schemes were started in many places charities would help people who were thought to need it. 

The Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other international human rights law make the "right to an adequate standard of living" one of the human rights.

In France from the beginning of the 20th century employers were made to insure their workers against injury, illness, maternity, and death. After 1946 there was more done by the government. Now there are allowances for children - universal after the first child and Family Complement which is means tested. There are extra payments for adopted and disabled children and orphans. There are both contributory and means tested benefits for people over 65. 

Unemployment insurance was started in 1958. It is managed by the employers organization and the trade unions.

There is also a means tested benefit called "Revenu de solidarité active" for unemployed and underemployed workers.

Otto von Bismarck started social security benefits in 1883. This was part of what was called State Socialism. This was the first country to do so. It included health insurance, accident insurance (workman's compensation), disability insurance and an old-age retirement pension. 

Now there is a system of unemployment benefit. People and their employers have to pay when they are working. It lasts for up to 12 months. There is also a welfare system called Hartz IV which is means-tested. This is also for working people on low pay. 

There is a state pension. The retirement age will go up to 66 by 2023. It goes by two months each year, until 2031, when the retirement age will be 67. The amount of pension is based on the pay a person had when they were working and the number of years they paid contributions.

See : Social security in the United Kingdom
In the United States, this refers to a program started in the New Deal. The program first gave money only to a few old people, but is now used by millions of people and is one of the largest and most costly programs in the government. The "Old-Age, Survivors, and Disability Insurance" program covers 94% of workers. State and local government workers have pension plans at the state or local level. "Retirement Insurance Benefits" are paid to people over the age of 62. The amount is increased if the person delays their claim.

Social Security in the United States is managed by the Social Security Administration, and a person in the program gets a number and has it forever, mainly because of tax reports.

See also: Social Security (United States)



Yorktown, Virginia

Yorktown is a city in Virginia. It is the county seat of York County, though it only has 220 people living there. It is most known for the Battle of Yorktown, between American/French troops under George Washington and Jean Rochambeau, and British troops under Charles Cornwallis. 

The British lost the battle, and had to surrender. This led to the British giving up the American colonies. A battle in the American Civil War was also fought there and was won by the Confederates. 

Yorktown was named for the city of York in Yorkshire, Northern England. It was founded in 1691.

The Pretty Reckless

The Pretty Reckless is an American rock band from New York City. The band's lead singer is Taylor Momsen, who is also a rhythm guitarist. Mark Damon is the band's bassist, Jamie Perkins is the drummer and Ben Phillips is a guitarist, The band formed (began) in 2008. Their debut single, "Make Me Wanna Die" was release in late May and was #1 on the UK Rock Chart. Their first album "Light Me Up" is set to release on August 31, 2010. The band's influences come from grunge rock such as Nirvana, Soundgarden and Courtney Love who fronted the rock band Hole. Other important influences are Joan Jett and Cherie Currie from The Runaways.

Original Songs by The Pretty Reckless:

Chromium chloride

Chromium chloride may refer to:

Romy Schneider

Romy Schneider (September 23, 1938 - May 29, 1982) was an Austrian actress. She was from Vienna. She had German and French citizenship. She had an international career, but worked mostly in France.

She was born Rosemarie Albach-Retty in Vienna, Austria. Her parents were Wolf Albach-Retty (1906-1967) and Magda Schneider (1909-1996), both famous actors in Austria and Germany. 

After her parents divorced in 1945, she was raised by her mother. With her mother's help, and using her mother's family name, she started acting in 1953. She quickly became very popular through Ernst Marischka's trilogy called "Sissi", about the early life of Empress Elisabeth of Austria.

In 1958, she appeared in the movie "Christine", opposite French actor Alain Delon. They became engaged and she moved to France with him.

Schneider worked with directors such as Luchino Visconti in "Boccacio" (1961), Orson Welles in "The Trial" (1962), and Otto Preminger in "The Cardinal" (1963).

After her breakup with Delon in 1964, she went back to Germany. There she married stage director Harry Meyen. They had a son named David (1966-1981). 

She acted with Delon again in the movie "La piscine" in 1969. The rest of her career was mostly in France. Notable movies included; "Les choses de la vie" (1970), "Max et les ferrailleurs" (1971), "Le trio infernal" (1974), "Le vieux fusil" (1975), "La banquière" (1980), "La passante du Sans-Souci" (1981). 

Her later years were plagued by personal tragedies. She gave birth to a stillborn child in 1976 by her second husband Daniel Biasini. Her first husband Harry Meyen killed himself in 1979. Her son David accidentally died impaled while trying to go over a fence in 1981. That same year she had a kidney operation. 

She was found dead in her Paris apartment at the age of 43, probably from a heart attack, although no autopsy was performed. She left a daughter Sarah Biasini (born 1977, by her second husband), who is an actress.

Angri

Angri is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno, Campania, Italy. It was the hometown of Teresina Raiola, the mother of famous American gangster Al Capone, as well Frank Nitti, another famous gangster. It is also where Alfonso Maria Fusco lived and died.


Palm Island (Miami Beach)

Palm Island is a man-made island in Biscayne Bay in the city of Miami Beach, Florida, United States. Palm Island lies just south of Hibiscus Island. It is a residential area, the site of exclusive neighborhoods and multi-million dollar homes. The island is accessible via the MacArthur Causeway. 



The Mystery of Al Capone's Vault

The Mystery of Al Capone's Vault was a one-time live American television special broadcast in April of 1986. It was hosted by Geraldo Rivera. The program was about the opening of a secret vault once owned by Al Capone. The program is best known for the vault being empty except for a few pieces of trash.


Johnny Torrio

John "Papa Johnny" Torrio, also known as "The Fox" (February 1882 – April 16, 1957) was an Italian-American mobster who helped make the criminal empire known as the Chicago Outfit in the 1920s. Torrio would later give the Chicago Outfit to Al Capone. He also thought of the National Crime Syndicate in the 1930s and later became an to the Genovese crime family.

He was shot several times in 1925. He died of a heart attack in Brooklyn in 1957.

John Alcock (bishop)

John Alcock (c. 1430 – 1 October 1500) was an English churchman.

He was born at Beverley in Yorkshire, son of Sir William Alcock, Burgess of Kingston upon Hull and educated at Cambridge. In 1461 he was made dean of Westminster, and his subsequent promotion was rapid in both church and state. In 1461 he was made "Master of the Rolls", and in 1470 was sent as ambassador to the court of Castile. He became Bishop of Rochester on 15 March, Bishop of Worcester on 15 July 1476 and of Ely on 6 October 1486. He was Lord Chancellor, once from June 1475 to September 1475 and then again from October 1485 to March 1487.

Alcock was one of the leading pre-Reformation churchmen; he was a man of deep learning and also a great architect. He founded a charity at Beverley and a grammar school at Kingston upon Hull. He restored many churches and colleges, but his greatest achievement was the building of Jesus College, Cambridge.

Alcock died on 1 October 1500 and lies buried in the Alcock Chantry in Ely Cathedral.


Lord Chancellor

The Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Chancellor is a senior and important functionary in the government of the United Kingdom. He is the second highest ranking of the Great Officers of State after the Lord High Steward. The Lord Chancellor is appointed by the Sovereign on the advice of the Prime Minister. Before the Union there were separate Lord Chancellors of England and Scotland.

Until Tony Blair became Prime Minister the Lord Chancellor was required to be a member of the House of Lords,was its presiding officer, and was Britain's highest-ranking judge. Blair tried to abolish the position and wound up removing some of its responsibilities and dividing others, and now the holder is usually in the House of Commons. The Lord Chancellor remains responsible for the Great Seal and for the efficient functioning and independence of the courts. The current Lord Chancellor is Alex Chalk,who replaced Dominic Raab in 2023.

Formerly, there were separate Chancellors of England, Scotland and Ireland. When the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland united to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain under the Acts of Union 1707 the offices of the Chancellor of England and the Lord Chancellor of Scotland were combined to form a single office of Lord Chancellor of Great Britain for the new state.


2006 Copiapó mining accident

On January 20, 2006, an explosion occurred in the underground copper mine of Carola-Agustina in Copiapó, Chile, shortly after two trucks collided, covering the only escape route for the miners inside the mine.

The explosion caused two deaths, two injured and 70 miners stayed trapped for 7 hours.

At the nearby mine, "Punta de Cobre", miners constructed a tunnel to allow evacuations in case of emergencies, after the explosion.


Copiapó

Copiapó is a Chilean town in Region of Atacama. It was founded in December 8, 1744. It is also the capital of Region of Atacama and Province of Copiapó.


Glenn Beck

Glenn Edward Lee Beck (born February 10, 1964) is an American conservative radio and television show host. He was born in Everett, Washington. His television show, "The Glenn Beck Program", has been played on Fox News Channel and on CNN's Headline News. However, in April 2011, the Fox News Channel said it would stop showing Beck's show later that year. The show was cancelled in June 2011 and was replaced by "The Five". He now has an online site called TheBlaze (it was called GBTV) where he does shows that people can pay to see.

Over 9 million people listen to his radio show every day. Usually, between 2 and 3 million people watch his television show every day. He has written nine books. Also, he sometimes tells his audience about books he thinks they should read. Several books that Beck recommended became the most popular book on Amazon.com.

Although Beck's show is very popular, not everybody agrees with his views. He has been criticized for calling Barack Obama a racist and for talking about conspiracy theories.

Beck is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (also known as the Mormon church).

Beck has been addicted to drugs and alcohol. He has attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. On November 10, 2014, Beck announced on TheBlaze that he had been suffering from a severe neurological disorder for at least the last five years.

Haruki Nakamura

Haruki Robert Nakamura (born April 18, 1986 in Elyria, Ohio) is an Japanese-American former professional football safety. He play for 5 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Baltimore Ravens and Carolina Panthers. Nakamura was drafted out of the University of Cincinnati by the Baltimore Ravens with the 206th pick in the sixth round of the 2008 NFL Draft and played with them from 2008 to 2011. His mother Karen was a fourth degree black belt and his father Ryozo was an eighth degree black belt. Nakamura has two brothers named Mako and Yoshi and a sister named Kimi.

On March 16, 2012, Nakamura signed a three-year contract with the Carolina Panthers. In August 2013, Nakamura suffered a concussion during a preseason game and was forced to retire afterwards. He tried to apply for the Player Retirement Plan from the NFL but was denied. Nakamura sued the insurer Lloyd’s of London for damages.


Thomas Robert Malthus

The Rev. Thomas Robert Malthus FRS (13 February 1766 – 23 December 1834), was a British writer on political economy and population. Malthus popularised the economic theory of rent, and was the first to use the phrase "struggle for existence".

Malthus is famous for his theories about population: its increase or decrease in response to various factors. There were six editions of his "An Essay on the Principle of Population", published from 1798 to 1826. He said that sooner or later population gets checked, by famine, disease, and widespread mortality.

He wrote in opposition to many who saw society as improving, and (in principle) as perfectible. William Godwin and the Marquis de Condorcet, for example, believed in the possibility of almost limitless improvement of society. So, in a more complex way, did Jean-Jacques Rousseau, whose notions centered on the goodness of man and the liberty of citizens bound only by the social contract.

Malthus thought that the dangers of population growth would prevent endless progress towards a utopian society: 
As an Anglican clergyman, Malthus saw this situation as divinely imposed to teach virtuous behaviour. Believing that one could not change human nature, Malthus wrote: 

Malthus placed the longer-term stability of the economy above short-term expediency. He criticised the Poor Laws, and (alone among important contemporary economists) supported the Corn Laws, which introduced a system of taxes on British imports of wheat. He thought these measures would encourage domestic production, and so promote long-term benefits.

Malthus became hugely influential, and controversial, in economic, political, social and scientific thought. Many evolutionary biologists read him, especially Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace. For both of them, Malthusianism became a stepping-stone to the idea of natural selection. Malthus is still a writer of great significance and controversy.

Littoral zone

The littoral zone refers to that part of a sea, lake or river which is close to the shore. In coastal environments the littoral zone extends from the high water mark, which is rarely under water, to shoreline areas that are permanently submerged. It always includes this intertidal zone and is often used to mean the same as the intertidal zone. However, the meaning of "littoral zone" can extend well beyond the intertidal zone.

In oceanography and marine biology, the idea of the littoral zone is extended roughly to the edge of the continental shelf.

Collective animal behaviour

Collective animal behaviour describes and analyzes the behaviour of groups of animals. In these groups, the animals are often all of the same species. As an example, a school of fish will be made of mostly the same type of fish and a flock of birds will have the same type of bird. A herd is a large group of hoofed, herbivorous mammals.

Animals tend to behave in such a way because this behaviour offers them a benefit. The group of animals also behaves differently from a single animal. Collective animal behaviour is about finding the rules each animal follows; how it communicates with other members of the group and how a decision to do something is reached in the group.

Full-time colonial animals fall into this category in principle, but in practice the species of interest here are those who form temporary groups. Colonial animals have been researched for many years, and are usually based on some kind of family relationship. Temporary collective behavior is a well-known phenomenon, but little researched until now.

Different functions have been proposed, as follows:

1. "Protection from predators".

2. "Better foraging": A school of fish or a group of animals is better at foraging. 

3. "Easier movement": Groups of animals moving together (such as fish or birds) save energy. Many of the larger birds fly in flocks. Flying in flocks helps in reducing the energy needed. Many large birds fly in a V-formation, which helps individuals save 12–20 % of the energy they would need to fly alone. Red Knots "Calidris canutus" and Dunlins "Calidris alpina" were found in radar studies to fly 5 km per hour faster in flocks than when they were flying alone.

4. "Social interaction": This can be seen with fish, such as herring. If an animal is separated from the group, it will feel stressed.

5. Special factors come into play with migrating birds, or birds which gather in huge flocks, such as starlings. Bird behavior has a larger component of learning than fish. In addition to factors listed above is the possibility that migrating bird flocks are good at teaching first-year birds how to do the migration successfully. The specific routes may be genetically programmed or learned to varying degrees. The routes taken on forward and return migration are often different.
The usual term for insects which are not always in a fixed colony, but move in large numbers is swarm. There are many good examples: army ants for instance. The best researched is the locust.

Locusts are the swarming phase of short-horned grasshoppers of the family Acrididae. These are species that can breed rapidly under suitable conditions. Then they come together in large groups and become migratory. They form bands as nymphs and swarms as adults—both of which can travel great distances, rapidly stripping fields and greatly damaging crops.

There is no taxonomic difference between locust and grasshopper species, and in English the term "locust" is used for grasshopper species that change morphologically and behaviourally on crowding, to form swarms or hopper bands. These changes, or phase polymorphism, were first thought of as separate species. 

Research at Oxford University showed that swarming is a response to overcrowding. Increased tactile stimulation of the hind legs causes an increase in levels of serotonin. This causes the locust to change colour, eat much more, and breed much more easily. The transformation of the locust to the swarming variety is induced by several contacts per minute over a four-hour period. It is estimated that the largest swarms have covered hundreds of square miles and consisted of many billions of locusts. Plagues of locusts appear in both the Bible and the Koran, including one of the Biblical Plagues of Egypt, where locusts ate all the crops of Egypt.

Often, animals in a herd are thought to follow simple rules, such as
Recent studies have shown that an animal only picks five to seven other animals, and aligns with them. This seems to be independent of the distance. Another approach is when all animals within a certain distance are noted for alignment.

Primates are a good example of animals which almost always live in small groups. The groups are based on a family, a group of families, or females 'owned' by a dominant male, together with offspring.


Chromium(II) chloride

Chromium(II) chloride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CrCl. It is a white crystalline chemical. It dissolves in water to produce a bright blue solution. It is a strong reducing agent. If the water has a little acid in it, hydrogen is produced. If the water has a little base in it, chromium(II) oxide is produced. The water needs to be very pure. 

It is made by reacting chromium(III) chloride and hydrogen at a high temperature. It can also be made by reduction of chromium(III) chloride with zinc. It is used in science research. 


Sodium dichromate

Sodium dichromate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaCrO. It consists of sodium and dichromate ions. It is an orange crystalline solid. It is an intermediate in making chromium. It is used to make leather. It is also used in making organic chemical compounds. It is a strong oxidizing agent and a toxic carcinogen.


Chrome

Chrome may refer to:



Chrome plating

Chrome plating is the coating of a metal object with a thin layer of chromium metal, also known as chrome. It is normally plated by electrolysis. It can be used to reduce corrosion or for a decorative effect.


Mount Carmel Cemetery (Hillside, Illinois)

Mount Carmel Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery in the Chicago suburb of Hillside, Illinois. The cemetery is near the Eisenhower Expressway (Interstate 290) at Wolf and Roosevelt Roads. It is close to three other cemeteries. They are Queen of Heaven Cemetery, Catholic Cemetery, and Oakridge Glen Oaks Cemetery.

The cemetery is in size. There are over 226,275 people buried at Mount Carmel.

The Bishop's Mausoleum is in Mount Carmel Cemetery. It was designed by William J. Brinkmann. It is the burial place of the Bishops and Archbishops of Chicago. Cardinal Joseph Bernardin was buried there after his 1996 death. Also on the cemetery grounds are the burial places of some organized crime figures. There are over 400 family mausoleums on the cemetery grounds.

Below is a short list of people buried at Mt. Carmel Cemetery.




Mercury(II) chloride

Mercury(II) chloride, also known as mercuric chloride and corrosive sublimate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgCl. It has mercury and chloride ions in it. The mercury is in its +2 oxidation state. 

It is a white crystalline solid. It is very toxic. It can be made by reacting chlorine with mercury. It is not ionic, like most metal-nonmetal chemical compounds are. For example, it evaporates easily when heated, while ionic compounds like sodium chloride stay solid. It dissolves in water, but much better in hot water than in cold water. It also dissolves in chloride solutions. It is very corrosive and a strong oxidizing agent. It reacts with bases to make mercury(II) oxide.

It can be made by reacting mercury(I) chloride or mercury metal with chlorine. It can also be made by reacting mercury(I) nitrate with hydrochloric acid or by reacting mercury(II) sulfate with sodium chloride. 

It is used as a catalyst in making plastics. It is also used to make an amalgam with metals such as aluminum. It was used in the past to preserve various things and as a medicine. It is too toxic to be used as a medicine anymore. It was used in photography. 


Mercury(I) chloride

Mercury(I) chloride, also known as calomel and mercurous chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgCl. It has mercury and chloride ions in it. The mercury is in its +1 oxidation state.

It is a white to pale yellow crystalline solid. It is toxic, but not as toxic as mercury(II) chloride because it does not dissolve in water. It turns back into mercury and mercury(II) chloride when reacted with ammonia or exposed to ultraviolet light. The black color that came from the reaction with ammonia gave its name "calomel" (beautiful black). It is a weak reducing agent. It is the most common mercury(I) compound.

Calomel is sometimes found as a mineral, but it is quite rare.

It is made by reacting mercury with mercury(II) chloride. It can also be made by reacting mercury(I) nitrate with sources of chloride, such as sodium chloride. 

It is used in electrochemistry as a reference electrode. Reference electrodes are used to find the electrode potentials (ability to be oxidized and reduced) of other chemical substances. Since it decomposes when light is shined on it, it is used to see how many photons are in a light beam. It was used as medicine in the past, although it was toxic.


Mercury(I) nitrate

Mercury(I) nitrate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Hg(NO). It has mercury and nitrate ions in it. The mercury is in its +1 oxidation state.

It is a white solid. It is a weak reducing agent in air. It oxidizes to mercury(II) oxide and mercury(II) nitrate. It reacts slowly with water when it is dissolved in water. This makes a basic mercury(I) nitrate and some nitric acid. The basic mercury(I) nitrate is yellow. Mercury(I) nitrate can kill you if you eat or inhale it.

It is made by reacting mercury with a dilute solution of nitric acid. A concentrated solution of nitric acid makes mercury(II) nitrate. 


Amalgam

An amalgam is a solution of a metal in mercury. It is a type of alloy. Many metals can dissolve in mercury. Amalgams are used in tooth fillings. Platinum and iron cannot form amalgams. Gold can dissolve in mercury, which is used to separate gold from its ore. Aluminum forms an amalgam which can react with water because the thin oxide coating on the aluminum is dissolved.


Mercury(II) nitrate

Mercury(II) nitrate, also known as mercuric nitrate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Hg(NO). It contains mercury and nitrate ions. The mercury is in its +2 oxidation state. 

Mercury(II) nitrate is a white crystalline solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. 

It is made by reacting mercury with concentrated nitric acid; dilute nitric acid would make mercury(I) nitrate.

It was used to make felt from fur. People would get poisoned when using it to make hats, making the term "mad hatter".


Mercury(II) iodide

Mercury(II) iodide, also known as mercuric iodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgI. It has mercury and iodide ions in it. The mercury is in its +2 oxidation state.

It is a red crystalline compound. It turns yellow when heated and turns red again when it is cooled. It is insoluble in water. It is highly toxic like all mercury compounds.

Mercury(II) iodide is made by reacting a mercury(II) salt such as mercury(II) chloride with a source of iodide ions. This makes a bright red precipitate.

It is found as the very rare mineral coccinite.

It was used as a medicine, but it poisoned people who took the medicine. It is also used to demonstrate how some things change color when heated and change back when cooled. It can be used to test for ammonia and as a semiconductor. 


Mercury chloride

Mercury chloride can refer to either of the following chemical compounds:


Mercury nitrate

Mercury nitrate can refer to either of the following chemical compounds:


Mercury iodide

Mercury iodide can mean either of the following chemical compounds:


Mercury(I) iodide

Mercury(I) iodide, also known as mercurous iodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgI. It has mercury and iodide ions in it. The mercury is in its +1 oxidation state.

It is a yellow solid. When light is shined on it, it breaks down (by disproportionation) to mercury(II) iodide and iodine. It is toxic, as are all mercury compounds.

It is made by reacting mercury and iodine. It was once used as a medicine.


Stroopwafel

A stroopwafel () (English translation: syrup waffle or treacle waffle) is a waffle made from two thin, round layers of baked batter with a sweet caramel-like syrup filling in between. They're often eaten with coffee or tea and can be warmed up on top of a hot drink. Stroopwafels are often found freshly made and served at markets and by street vendors in the Netherlands, or packaged in supermarkets in over 70 countries across the world. 

Stroopwafels were first made in the city of Gouda in the late 18th or early 19th century. Bakers used leftover bread and dough to make them. They sweetened these leftovers with syrup to create a tasty treat. The first known written recipe for stroopwafels dates back to 1840. However, some stories say that a baker named Gerard Kamphuisen may have created them around 1810. 

Stroopwafels come in different sizes, from small (5 cm) to large (25 cm). Occasionally, they have honey or chocolate inside. There are also types made for people with special diets, like a gluten-free diet or a vegan one.

In some places, like Northern France, cookies that are similar to stroopwafels can be found. Other sweets like ice cream and cakes sometimes use stroopwafel flavors too.

Bakers make a thick dough with flour, butter, sugar, yeast, milk, and eggs. They cook this dough in a waffle iron until it is crispy. When the waffle is still warm, they cut it into a round shape and then slice it horizontally into two thin layers. They then spread a mix of syrup, brown sugar, butter, and cinnamon between these layers. As this mix cools, it turns into caramel and sticks the layers together.

Stroopwafels are enjoyed all over the world. In many places, they are known as "coffee toppers" because people like to warm them on their hot drinks. These treats have appeared on cooking shows all over the world and are even served as snacks on some airlines. 

Inline-four engine

The Inline-four engine or Straight-four is an internal combustion engine with all four cylinders. All four cylinders are mounted in a straight line along one crankshaft. It can be powered by different types of fuels, including gasoline, diesel and natural gas.

The single bank of cylinders may be in a vertical direction (straight up), or at an angle. When the cylinders are mounted at an angle, it is sometimes called a slant-four. When listed as an abbreviation, an inline-four engine is listed either as I4 or L4 (for "longitudinal"). L4 is often used to avoid confusion between the digit 1 and the letter I.

The inline-four layout is a mechanically simple engine. It has a natural basic engine balance. It is smoother than one, two, and three cylinder engines. This makes it popular for economy cars. It does have a problem with secondary engine balance. This causes minor vibrations in smaller engines. These vibrations become worse as engine size and power increase. The more powerful engines used in larger cars use different an engine layout to avoid this problem.

This inline-four gasoline configuration is the most common in cars with a displacement (engine size) up to 2.4 L. Porsche used a 3.0 L four in its 944 S2 and 968 sports cars. Antique vehicles tended to have larger displacements to develop horsepower and torque. The Model A Ford was built with a 3.3 L inline-four engine.

Four-cylinder diesel engines are lower revving than gasoline engines. They often exceed 3.0 L. Toyota made a 4.1 L diesel engine that was used in the Toyota Mega Cruiser. Larger four-cylinder engines are used in industrial applications, are often made with displacements up to about 4.6 L.

Displacement can also be very small. Some cars sold in Japan have engines that are only 660 cc.

The 1913 Indianapolis 500 was won by Jules Goux driving a Peugeot. This car was powered by an inline-four engine designed by Ernest Henry. This design was big influence for racing engines. It was the first to use dual overhead camshafts (DOHC) and four valves per cylinder. This became the standard design for racing inline-four engines.

This Peugeot was sold to the American driver "Wild Bob" Burman. Burman broke the engine in 1915. Because of World War I, Peugeot could not deliver a new engine. Burman asked Harry Arminius Miller to build a new engine. With John Edward and Fred Offenhauser, Miller created a new engine. Its design was based on the Peugeot inline-four engine. This was the first version of the engine that would dominate the Indianapolis 500 until 1976. At first, the engine was named Miller. Later it became known as Offenhauser. The Offenhauser engines won five straight races at Indianapolis from 1971 to 1976. It was not until 1981 that engines such as the Cosworth V8 engine eliminated them.

Many cars produced for the pre-WWII voiturette Grand Prix motor racing used inline-four engine designs. These cars were rebuilt and reused after the war. They formed the beginnings of what is now Formula One.

Modern inline-four motorcycle engines first gained their popularity with Honda's single overhead camshaft CB750 in the 1970s. The inline-four has become one of the most common engine configurations in street bikes The inline-four is common because of its relatively high performance-to-cost ratio. All of the Japanese motorcycle manufacturers offer motorcycles with inline-four engines.


Anthony Rolfe Johnson

Anthony Rolfe Johnson, CBE (born 5 November 1940; died 21 July 2010) was an English operatic tenor. He was especially famous for singing the music of Monteverdi, Mozart and Benjamin Britten. He sang many of the operatic roles which Britten had written for Peter Pears to sing.

Anthony Rolfe Johnson was born in Tackley in Oxfordshire. When he was a child he enjoyed singing, but did not think of taking it up as a career. He started to work in farm management. Then, in his late twenties, he decided to study singing at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. He started his singing career by singing in operas in the chorus and in small roles at the Glyndebourne Festival between 1972 and 1976. His first big operatic part was Vaudémont in Tchaikovsky’s "Iolanthe" in 1973 with the English Opera Group. Then he sang the part of Albert Herring in Britten’s opera.

In 1978, he joined English National Opera. He sang several roles in Mozart and Monteverdi operas, then he sang the Male Chorus (a solo part) in Britten’s "The Rape of Lucretia" and Aschenbach in "Death in Venice". Later he sang the title role in "Peter Grimes". He sang in opera houses all over the world, including including the English National Opera, Royal Opera House, La Monnaie in Brussels, La Scala, Milan, the Metropolitan Opera in New York City, the Vienna State Opera, and the Paris Opera.

Rolfe Johnson sang other music besides operas. He sang in several oratorios, and he sang the role of Evangelist in J. S. Bach's "St John Passion" and "St Matthew Passion", as well as in Britten’s "War Requiem". He also sang on the concert platform, and he gave recitals of Lieder. He helped find a group called “The Songmakers’ Almanac” who sang classical songs. .

He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1992. 

He died of Alzheimer's disease on 21 July 2010.


Guildhall School of Music and Drama

Guildhall School of Music and Drama is a school for music and drama in London, England. It was founded in 1880. Students can study Music, Opera, Drama, Stage Management and Technical Theatre.

The first Guildhall School was in an old warehouse, but it was soon too small. A new building was especially built and opened in 1886. Before 1935 it was known as the Guildhall School of Music. Since 1977 it has been next to the Barbican Arts Centre in the Barbican Complex.

The Guildhall School does not just teach students at the school. They also organize music examinations in the whole of Britain for anyone learning musical instruments. In 2004 these examinations joined with those of Trinity College London to form Trinity Guildhall Examinations. Today, Trinity Guildhall offers qualifications in performing and teaching in music, speech and drama, and dance to external students (students who are not studying at the school).

Today the school has a 308-seat drama and opera theatre, concert hall, lecture / recital hall and a small studio theatre. The students of the school regularly perform all over London. In 2008 work began on a large extension to the School. It will cost about £90 million.

Famous musicians who studied there include the trumpeter Alison Balsom, the composer Thomas Adès, the flautist Sir James Galway, the pianist Paul Lewis, the violinist Tasmin Little and the singers Kate Royal and Bryn Terfel.


Mercury-vapor lamp

A mercury-vapor lamp is a kind of gas discharge lamp. It makes light from mercury. The mercury atoms release ultraviolet and visible light. In some bulbs, the ultraviolet light shines on phosphors which make white light from it, although not all mercury-vapor lamps use phosphors. The EU wants to ban them because they contain large amounts of mercury and are not efficient like fluorescent bulbs. They last much longer though.

They are the bluish streetlights. Depending on the quality of the bulb, age of the bulb, phosphor used, and other chemicals added to the mercury, the color of the light can vary from blue-white to green-white, to almost pure white. A green tint usually indicates an older bulb, although it doesn't necessarily mean that the bulb is about to burn out. The metal halide lamp is an improved version of the mercury vapor lamp that contains a metal halide (usually sodium iodide) in addition to the mercury. The metal halide produces orange light, which combines with the blue-white light from the mercury to produce a very pure white light.


Sodium vapor lamp

A sodium vapor lamp is a kind of gas discharge lamp. Streetlights are a major use. There are two types; the high pressure lamp and the low pressure lamp. The older low pressure one gives yellow light. It is still used where the ability to show different colors is not very important. The newer high pressure sodium vapor light emits a broader spectrum, often appearing orange but letting people see different colors. 

These lights contain sodium metal in them. They operate by a spark through a tube that contains the sodium. The sodium emits a yellow color, which produces the light. Because the lamp contains highly flammable sodium as well as toxic mercury, it should not be placed in the trash and must be disposed of properly at the end of its life.


Streetlight

A streetlight is a light bulb on a pole used for lighting streets. Streets can be lit for safety or visibility reasons, so people can see where they are walking at night. Streetlights are normally either orange or blue. The blue ones are mercury-vapor lamps. They are older and last longer. The orange ones are sodium vapor lamps. They are newer and more efficient.


Aluminium oxide

Aluminium oxide, also known as aluminum oxide, is a chemical compound made from aluminium and oxygen. Its chemical formula is AlO. It is a normally white, powdery solid. It does not exist in a particular form. It can dissolve in acids and bases. It is used as an abrasive (sandpaper is an abrasive). It comes in bauxite and corundum. It does not melt easily. It is dissolved in a cryolite melt and electrolyzed to make aluminium.

Corundum is the most common naturally occurring crystalline form of aluminium oxide. Rubies and sapphires are types of corundum. The reason why they have different colors is because there are other elements in it.

AlO is an electrical insulator but it has a high thermal conductivity (). Aluminium oxide is insoluble in water. Its most common occurring crystalline form, called corundum or α-aluminium oxide.

Aluminium oxide is the reason why aluminium cannot corrode. When aluminium reacts with atmospheric oxygen, a thin layer of aluminium oxide (4 nm thickness) forms on any exposed aluminium surface. This layer protects the metal from more oxidation.

Aluminium oxide is an amphoteric substance, meaning it can react with both acids and bases, such as hydrofluoric acid and sodium hydroxide.


Abrasive

An abrasive is something that is very hard. It is also rough. It is used to rub things so they get smooth. When abrasives are glued to paper, it makes sandpaper. Aluminium oxide is a common abrasive. Abrasives are used to make the ends of wood pieces smooth and to smooth the cut ends of metal. The hardest natural abrasive is diamond. Diamond is commonly used in saw blades designed to cut tile or stone.

Sandpaper

Sandpaper is a piece of paper with an abrasive glued to it. Sandpapers come in various types. Some are very rough, while others are very smooth. They are used to clean wood and metal and make them smooth. Some sandpaper is made to go on a machine that rubs very fast, while other sandpaper is used by hand.

Corundum

Corundum is a mineral. It is very hard, with a Mohs hardness of 9 (diamond is 10). It is usually clear. Its chemical formula is aluminium oxide, AlO. Sometimes some of the aluminium atoms get replaced with chromium atoms. It then becomes a ruby. Other impurities can make a sapphire.


Aluminium chloride

Aluminium chloride (AlCl), is a chemical compound. It is a white or yellow crystalline solid. It melts at a low temperature. It is made by reacting aluminium oxide with hydrochloric acid. The anhydrous (without water) form may be made by reacting aluminium and chlorine. It is used in the making of chemicals. It is also used in deodorants. It can cause slight irritation.


The Salt Lake Tribune

The Salt Lake Tribune is a newspaper based in Salt Lake City, Utah. It was founded in 1871 and was known as "Mormon Tribune" by some former LDS Church members William Godbe, Elias L.T. Harrison and John Tullidge.


Joey Ramone

Joey Ramone (born Jeffery Hyman, May 19, 1951 – April 15, 2001) was an American punk musician and founder member of the Ramones, in which he was lead singer, along with Dee Dee Ramone, Tommy Ramone, and Johnny Ramone.

Joey Ramone's mother encouraged both his and his brothers' interests in music. He was a fan of The Beatles, The Who, Iggy and The Stooges and David Bowie, among other bands. He was a fan of Phil Spector. He started playing the drums at 13 and played throughout his teen years. He idolized Pete Townshend of the Who.

Joey Ramone died at the age of 49 on April 15, 2001 of lymphoma.

Rashad Evans

Rashad Anton Evans (born September 25, 1979 in Niagara Falls, New York) is an American mixed martial artist. He currently fights for the UFC and fights out of Albuquerque, New Mexico. Evans is a former UFC Light Heavyweight Championship and was the winner of The Ultimate Fight season 2 in the heavyweight division. Evans holds a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Gaidojutsu


Georges St-Pierre

Georges St-Pierre (born May 19, 1981 in Saint-Isidore, Quebec) (often called GSP for short) is a semi-retired Canadian mixed martial artist that fights for the UFC and fights out of Montreal, Quebec. St-Pierre has won the UFC Welterweight Championship 3 times. St-Pierre is a 3rd degree black belt in Kyokushin, a black belt in Gaidojutsu and a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. On December 13, 2013, he announced that he was vacating the championship and was taking time off from MMA.


Trish Stratus

Patricia Anne Stratigias (born December 18, 1975) is a Canadian retired professional wrestler, fitness model, and fitness guru, actress and television personality. She is best known for her time with the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E) where she wrestled under the ring name, Trish Stratus. Stratus is a former one-time WWE Hardcore Champion, seven-time WWF/E Women's Champion and was named Babe of the Year from 2001 to 2004 and was also named Diva of the Decade. She returned to the WWE on February 20, 2011 after she made a surpise appearance at the 2011 Elimination Chamber pay-per-view. She will also be a trainer on the 2011 revival of Tough Enough.

She was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Stephanie McMahon in 2013. The next year, Stratus inducted Lita in the Hall of Fame.


Alberto Del Rio

José Alberto Rodríguez (born May 25, 1977) is a Mexican professional wrestler, former mixed martial artist and luchador enmascarado. He has wrestled in the WWE under the ring name Alberto Del Rio. He has also wrestled for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA), Ring of Honor (ROH) and Lucha Underground (LU). He competeed in AAA under the ring name El Patrón Alberto ("The Boss Alberto") and in ROH and LU under the name Alberto el Patrón.

In 2006 Pro Wrestling Illustrated ranked Alberto Del Rio #45 of the 500 best singles wrestlers of the PWI 500. On January 30, 2011, Del Rio won the 2010 Royal Rumble by last eliminating Santino Marella.

On August 7, 2014, it was announced that Del Rio had been fired from the WWE after he slapped an employee who allegedly made a racist joke.

On August 17 at Triplemanía XXII, El Patrón and his father Dos Caras returned to AAA. He spoke about returning to AAA and he addressed the WWE, claiming that they were racist. They were interrupted by the Los Perros del Mal stable.

On December 11, 2014, Ring of Honor (ROH) announced that they had signed Rodríguez and that he would make his debut for them on January 3, 2015. In his debut match, he defeated Christopher Daniels.

On January 17, 2015, Lucha Underground announced that they had signed Rodríguez. He debuted for them at their television tapings in Los Angeles, California later that same day.

On October 25, 2015, Del Rio made a surprise return to the WWE at Hell in a Cell with Zeb Colter as his manager. At Hell in a Cell, Del Rio answered John Cena's United States Open Challenge. He defeated Cena to win the United States Championship.


Chris Masters

Christopher Todd Mordetzky (born January 8, 1983) is an American professional wrestler. As of 2023, he was signed to National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) under the ring name Chris Adonis. He is a former two-time National Champion in NWA. He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), under the ring name Chris Masters. He is also known for his time in Impact Wrestling, under the ring name Chris Adonis. For Qatar Pro Wrestling, he is a former QPW Tag Team Champion with Carlito.

After being trained in Ultimate Pro Wrestling, Mordetzky signed with WWE. He was sent to Ohio Valley Wrestling for training. In 2005, he wrestled for the first time as "The Masterpiece" Chris Masters. He was a wrestler in a great body shape. Massters used "The Masterlock" as finishing move. It was a full nelson hold. During his career in WWE, the Masterlock was a submission no one could break. The Masterlock Challenge storyline ended after Bobby Lashley broke the hold on March 20, 2007. Masters was released in 2007. He worked on the independent circuit for two years before returning to WWE in 2009. Masters was released again in 2011. Since then, he has worked on the independent circuit. He has had notable stints in Global Force Wrestling (GFW) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).

Starling

The starlings are a family of small to medium-sized birds, the Sturnidae. This family are passerine songbirds, whose best-known species is "Sternus", the common starling.

Starlings occur naturally in the Old World, from Europe, Asia and Africa. Species (usually the common starling) have been introduced to North America, Hawaii and New Zealand. In these new areas they compete for habitat with native birds, and are considered as invasive species.

Starlings have strong feet, their flight is strong and direct, and they are very gregarious (social). Their preferred habitat is fairly open country. They are omnivores. They eat insects and fruit. Several species live around humans. Many species search for food by opening the bill after probing it into dense vegetation; this behavior is called 'open-bill probing'. Plumage is usually dark with a metallic sheen and white flecks (spots). Most species nest in holes, laying blue or white eggs.

Many Asian species, particularly the larger ones, are called mynas, and many African species are known as glossy starlings because of their iridescent plumage.

Starlings have varied and complex songs, and may copy sounds from their surroundings, including car alarms, and human speech. The birds can recognize particular individuals by their calls.

North-East European starlings migrate, but in southern and western Europe the birds are resident. Starlings are generally a highly social family. Most species associate in flocks of varying sizes throughout the year. These flocks may include other species of starlings and sometimes species from other families. This social activity is obvious in their roosting behaviour. In the non-breeding season some roosts can number thousands of birds. Flocks in Britain used to number millions of birds, though numbers are now fewer than they used to be.

"Sternus vulgaris" is a highly gregarious species in autumn and winter. Flock size is variable: huge flocks are a spectacular sight and sound. These flocks often attract birds of prey such as sparrowhawks. Flocks form a tight sphere-like formation in flight, frequently expanding and contracting and changing shape, seemingly without any leader.

Very large roosts, sometimes up to 1.5 million birds, can form in city centers, woodlands, or reedbeds, causing problems with their droppings.
Huge flocks of more than a million starlings are observed just before sunset in spring in southwestern Jutland, Denmark. There they gather in March until they leave for their breeding ranges by mid-April. Their flocking creates complex shapes against the sky, a phenomenon known locally as "Black Sun". To witness this spectacle, the best place are the seaward marshlands of Tønder and Esbjerg .
Flocks of anything from five to fifty thousand starlings form in areas of the UK just before sundown during mid winter. These flocks are commonly called a murmeration, sometimes a Starling "Moot".(meaning "meeting" or "council")


Although there are approximately 200 million starlings in North America, they are all descendants of 60 birds released in 1890 (and 40 more in 1891) in Central Park, New York, by Eugene Schieffelin. He was a member of the Acclimation Society of North America, which tried to introduce to North America every bird species mentioned in the works of William Shakespeare.

As an introduced species, European starlings are not protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. Starlings are considered a nuisance species in North America. The birds, which travel in enormous flocks, often pose dangers to air travel, disrupt cattle operations, chase off native birds, and roost on city blocks. They leave behind corrosive droppings and hundreds of millions of dollars of damage every year. In 2008, U.S. government agents poisoned, shot and trapped 1.7 million starlings, more than any other nuisance species.
The starling family includes a lot of birds which look different to the common starling. One large group is called the mynas, which genetic analysis shows is not a natural group.

Mirko Filipović

Mirko Filipović (born 10 September 1974 in Zagreb, Croatia) is a Croatian mixed martial artist who currently fights for the UFC. He is known by his nickname Mirko Cro Cop, which he gained when he was in the Lučko Anti-Terrorist Unit. Filipović also fought for the Pride Fighting Championships where he won a PrideFC 2006 Openweight Grand Prix Tournament. 

Giancarlo Volpe

Giancarlo Volpe (born 31 July 1974 in Tacoma, Washington) is an Italian American animator and director. He graduated from the School of Visual Arts in 1997. He started his career at Humongous Entertainment.




Paramount Parks

Paramount Parks was an operator of theme parks and attractions. In 1994, the Paramount Parks became a part of Paramount Pictures.


Burbank, California

Burbank is a city in the southeastern end of the San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles County, California. Located just 12 miles (19 km) northwest of Downtown Los Angeles, Burbank is well known for being home to Walt Disney Studios and Warner Bros Studios, as well as having the largest IKEA in the United States. The population at the 2020 census was 107,337.


ABC Family

Disney Channel


NHS Alliance

The NHS Alliance was a National Health Service group, which is made up of doctors, hospital managers and others working in health care in England, Scotland and Wales in the United Kingdom. It is not a part of the government or a political party. It held an annual conference. Dr Michael Dixon was Chairman of NHS Alliance since 1998, with Michael Sobanja as its Chief Executive.


Cryolite

Cryolite is a rare mineral that consists of sodium fluoride and aluminium fluoride bonded. It is used in the production of aluminium. It is first melted and then aluminium oxide is dissolved in it. Then the solution is electrolyzed. If it is immersed in water, it becomes invisible although it does not dissolve. It used to be found in large quantities in Greenland, but it has been all used up. Now it is made from fluorite artificially. 


Aluminium fluoride

Aluminium fluoride, also known as aluminum fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AlF. It is used to process aluminium. It can be made by reacting aluminium with hydrofluoric acid. It is also made by reacting hexafluorosilicic acid with aluminium oxide.


Hydrofluoric acid

Hydrofluoric acid (HF) is a solution of hydrogen fluoride in water. Its chemical formula is HF. It is a very dangerous acid, being very corrosive and extremely toxic. It can dissolve glass to make hexafluorosilicic acid. If it gets on the skin, it can kill you. It is made by reacting fluorite with sulfuric acid. It is used in the processing of petroleum. It is also used to make various other chemicals containing fluorine, such as teflon (the coating in a frying pan), freon (the cooling agent in an air conditioner), and fluorocarbons (used as propellants in aerosol cans). It is used to clean metals. It is very toxic because it bonds with calcium ions in the body and makes them so they cannot be used. As an acid, it can be deprotonated to produce fluorides, which are also the salts of hydrofluoric acid.

If someone gets hydrofluoric acid on them, medical attention is needed, as just small amounts are very toxic.



DR Movie

DR Movie is a Korean animation studio. It was organised in Seoul in 1990. It often works with Japanese companies on anime titles. 


New York Comic Con

The New York Comic Con is a festival that takes place in New York City for fans of comics, graphic novels, anime, manga, video games, toys, movies, and television.


Hexafluorosilicic acid

Hexafluorosilicic acid is a chemical compound that is an acid. Its chemical formula is HSiF. It is made by the reaction of hydrofluoric acid with silicon dioxide when the hydrofluoric acid is produced. It can be reacted with bases such as sodium hydroxide to produce a fluorosilicate salt such as sodium fluorosilicate. It is used to make artificial cryolite. It releases hydrogen fluoride when it is heated, so it is toxic like hydrofluoric acid. It is used in fluoridation of water. 


San Diego Comic-Con

San Diego Comic-Con International, also known as Comic-Con International: San Diego (as given on its website), and as Comic-Con or the San Diego Comic-Con, was created in 1970 by Shel Dorf and a group of San Diegans. It was set up to celebrate comic books and for fans to meet creators, experts and other fans.


Hydrogen fluoride

Hydrogen fluoride is a chemical compound. It is a highly toxic colorless gas. Its chemical formula is HF. It dissolves in water to produce hydrofluoric acid, a strongly toxic corrosive acid. It is used to make fluorine. It is used as a catalyst. It is much more easily liquified (made into liquid) than any other hydrogen halide.


Hydrogen halide

Hydrogen halides (or hydrohalic acids) are inorganic compounds that contain a hydrogen ion and a halide ion. The halogens are fluorine, chlorine, bromine and iodine. Astatine does not make a stable hydrogen halide, so it is not included.

The hydrogen halides are diatomic molecules with no tendency to ionize in the gas phase. Chemists therefore distinguish hydrogen chloride from hydrochloric acid. The former is a gas at room temperature that reacts with water to give the acid. Once the acid has formed, the diatomic molecule can not easily be regenerated.

Hydrobromic acid

Hydrobromic acid is an acid. Its chemical formula is HBr. It is a very strong acid. It is used to make bromides by reaction with metals or metal oxides. 

It can be made by reacting bromine, sulfur dioxide, and water. This reaction makes hydrobromic acid and sulfuric acid. It is made by dissolving hydrogen bromide in water. It can also be made by reacting bromine with sulfur and phosphorus. It can also be made by electrolysis of a bromide solution. It can be made by reacting bromides with non-oxidizing acids, because oxidizing acids would turn the bromides into bromine.


Hydrogen bromide

Hydrogen bromide is a chemical compound. It dissolves in water to produce hydrobromic acid. Its chemical formula is HBr. It is a stinky colorless gas. It is used to make other bromides. It is made by reacting hot hydrogen and bromine with a catalyst. It can be made by reacting bromides with non-oxidizing acids, such as phosphoric acid. Bromine can be reduced by phosphorous acid to make hydrogen bromide. 


Hydrogen iodide

Hydrogen iodide () is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HI. It is a colorless odorous gas. It reacts with oxygen to make iodine and water. It can be made by reducing iodine with hydrazine. It can also be made by reacting iodides with non-oxidizing acids such as phosphoric acid. It can also be made by reacting hydrogen sulfide with iodine. Very pure hydrogen iodide can be made by combining hydrogen and iodine, but this is very slow. It will break down if exposed to air. It can be used to make illegal drugs and various chemical compounds of iodine. It dissolves in water to produce hydroiodic acid. Hydroiodic acid is a strong acid that is used to make iodides.



Seal script

Seal script (Chinese: Simplified: 篆书 ;Traditional: 篆書; pinyin: zhuànshū) is an ancient style of Chinese calligraphy.



Clerical script

The clerical script (; pinyin: "lìshū"; Japanese: 隷書体, "Reishotai";) is an archaic style of Chinese calligraphy.

Guzheng

The guzheng, also spelled gu zheng or gu-zheng (, with "gu" 古 meaning "ancient"; and also called zheng 箏) is a Chinese plucked zither.


Pipa

The pipa () is a four-stringed Chinese musical instrument, belonging to the plucked category of instruments (弹拨乐器/彈撥樂器).



Royal charter

A royal charter is a legal document issued by the monarchy which gives certain rights to an organization.

When an organization, for example: a university, is founded there has to be an official document which lists the basic laws (the constitution) of the organization. If this document is given to the organization by the king or queen it is called a Royal charter.

In Europe Royal charters have been used to create towns ever since the Middle Ages. The date when the charter was made is thought of as the date when the town was founded (started), even if there had been people living there many years before.

Many groups such as the British East India Company were formed by Royal charter. Most British university operate under Royal Charters. This gives them the right to give degrees to the students at the end of their studies. 

The BBC operates under a Royal Charter which lasts for a limited period of ten years, after which it is renewed.

Charities may also have Royal charters. They do not need to have one, but they are likely to be more successful if they have a Royal charter.

Aluminium sulfate

Aluminium sulfate, sometimes spelled aluminum or sulphate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Al(SO). It is a white crystalline solid. It can be made by dissolving aluminium oxide in sulfuric acid. It is used to remove particles from water when it is processed for drinking. It is also used in making paper. It is used in baking powder, deodorants, slug killer, and to make garden soils more acidic.


George Grove

Sir George Grove (born Clapham in South London, 13 August 1820; died Sydenham on 28 May 1900) was an English engineer and musician. 

He wrote books about classical composers and is particularly famous for his big musical dictionary "Grove's Dictionary of Music and Musicians". This dictionary continued to be updated and published after his death. It has now gone through seven editions. The latest edition is available online.

George Grove was born in Clapham in South London. His father sold fish. His mother was into musicals. He learned to be an engineer and was sent out to Jamaica to help to build a lighthouse. 

He worked on the building of the Britannia tubular bridge over the Menai Strait. He married the daughter of a clergyman. He became secretary of the Society of Arts and he wrote many articles for a Dictionary of the Bible. He spent seven years doing this. It gave him the idea of doing something similar for music.

Grove went to many concerts. He bought sheet music and studied it. He wrote programme notes for concerts, writing about the music that was being played. He wrote about a lot of music by Beethoven, Schubert, Mendelssohn and Schumann. 

He wrote detailed essays about the symphonies of Beethoven and was a good friend of Clara Schumann. He travelled with the composer Arthur Sullivan to Vienna where he met many great musicians including Brahms and discovered some music by Schubert that had been forgotten. He spent several years writing his "Dictionary of Music" which was published in four volumes.

Grove worked very hard to get enough money to found the Royal College of Music which was opened in 1883 by the Prince of Wales. Grove got many great musicians to come and teach there, including the world-famous singer Jenny Lind who was already retired, and Hubert Parry, Charles Villiers Stanford and others. 

The prime minister William Gladstone gave him a knighthood for what he had done for music. The new students included many who were to become famous. 

These include Hamish MacCunn and Charles Wood. He became very fond of the student Edith Oldham and had an emotional attachment to her for the rest of his life. His wife was not interested in his work. He called his students his "children" and persuaded them to have a broad education. 

He wanted them to read a lot. He was director of the RCM for eleven years, retiring in 1894, just after the RCM moved into a new building which is situated on the south side of the Royal Albert Hall. The RCM is still there today.

George Grove was a very influential man for English music. Although he was not trained as a musician he became extremely knowledgeable and was an excellent musicologist. The RCM setup a George Grove Memorial Scholarship in his memory.


Thurston Dart

Thurston Dart (born 3 September 1921 - died 6 March 1971), was a British musicologist, conductor and keyboard player. He is particularly remembered for his books in which he wrote about how music from earlier centuries should be performed.

Dart studied keyboard instruments at the Royal College of Music in London from 1938 to 1939, and also studied mathematics at University College, Exeter, graduating in 1942. He became a music lecturer and later professor at the University of Cambridge. During his time at Cambridge, Dart did a lot of work for the early music revival. Musicians were becoming interested in playing music from the Baroque, Renaissance and even Middle Ages. He formed such groups as the Early Music Consort of London. In 1964 he became King Edward Professor of Music in the University of London (King's College).

Thurston Dart played the harpsichord in many concerts and made several gramophone recordings. He wrote a book "The Interpretation of Music" (London, 1954), which became very widely read. He wrote many articles in journals about music.

Dart taught many students, included some who later became famous: the composer Michael Nyman, conductor Sir John Eliot Gardiner and conductor/musicologist Christopher Hogwood. He was one of the first musicians to make a recording of Bach's "Brandenburg Concertos" using historical instruments.

Lend-Lease

Lend-Lease was a program of the United States government put into place right before World War II. The United States was still trying to be neutral in the War, but wanted to give supplies to the Allied Powers (Great Britain, France and the Soviet Union). The U.S. gave the Allies several billion dollars of weapons. The Allies gave the United States rights to air and naval bases around the world, as well as billions in future monies. This money was not fully given until 2006. 

Huey Long

Huey Long (August 30, 1893 – September 10, 1935) was an American politician. He was Governor and Senator in Louisiana in the 1930s. As governor he gave out free school books, built new schools, hospitals, roads, and even a new capitol building. He was a critic of big companies and the rich. As Senator, he came up with the idea of "Share Our Wealth" clubs, which promoted wealth redistribution. Long was very popular among the American people. 

On September 10, 1935, Long was shot to death at age of 42 by Carl Weiss, a physician from Baton Rouge, Louisiana. At the time of his death, he was saying that Franklin D. Roosevelt's policies did not go far enough. There were rumors Long would run for president. Long was buried on the grounds of the Louisiana Capitol. The movie "All the King's Men" is based on the life of Huey Long.

His son, Russell would also become a U.S. Senator.

During Long's lifetime, he visited various places in Europe as part of the "Global Reach" projects that he was part of. The most prominent of these visits in the public eye was in Robertsbridge, East Sussex.

Teapot Dome

Teapot Dome was a political scandal that took place in 1921 to 1922. The name comes from an oil reserve near Teapot Rock, Wyoming. President Warren G. Harding let the reserve and another reserve in California, be under the control of the Department of the Interior. The Secretary of the Interior, Albert Fall, who had taken $100,000 from oil companies, then let oil companies use the land. The United States Senate looked into the matter and found Fall had committed conspiracy. It is thought to be one of the biggest political scandals in American history. The scandal caused a large amount of damage to the legacy of former President Harding.

In 1924, Democrats tried to use Teapot Dome to their advantage in that year´s presidential election by reminding people about it. The tactic failed and Republicans handily won.

Air door

An air door or air curtain is a machine used for separating two spaces from each other. The machine is mainly used at doors into buildings. The most common setup for air curtains is a downward-facing blower fan placed over an opening. Normally this opening is a door to a building. The fan stops outside air from entering the building to keep the building warm or cool. The air curtain also keeps insects out by making turbulence. The fan must be powerful enough to generate a jet of air that can reach the floor. They can also be heated or cooled as well to provide space heating or space cooling to an area.

Phosphor

A phosphor is a chemical compound that emits light when it is exposed to light of a different wavelength (i.e. color). Phosphors do not contain the chemical element Phosphorus, which can be made to glow a different way. This sometimes causes confusion. Phosphors are used in many types of lighting, including fluorescent bulbs where they change the ultraviolet light produced by excited mercury vapor into visible light. 

The chemistry of phosphors varies greatly depending on what the phosphor is to be used for. Phosphors include 'glow in the dark' materials that can be found in novelties, toys, and emergency safety lighting for buildings. They are used in the screens of older style cathode ray tube televisions to make visible light from an electron beam. They can also be used to visibly detect ionizing radiation. Light-emitting diodes are devices that often use phosphors to obtain a particular color or color temperature.


Neon lamp

A neon lamp is a light bulb that can make many colors when Noble gasses are inside of the bulb. For example, helium would give a light yellow color and neon would make a red or orange color when an electric current is run in the tube. It is normally used to make letters for signs. Different gases make different colors. Neon Lamps are used to make neon signs.

From left to right: Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, and Xenon.
A neon glow lamp is a little orange light bulb. There is an electric current that flows between the two electrodes.


Turbocharger

A turbocharger, or turbo, is a gas compressor. It is used to force air into an internal combustion engine. A turbocharger is a form of forced induction. It increases the amount of air entering the engine to create more power. A turbocharger has the compressor powered by a turbine. The turbine is driven by the exhaust gas from the engine. It does not use a direct mechanical drive. This helps to improve the performance of the turbocharger.

Early builders of turbochargers called them as "turbosuperchargers". A supercharger is an air compressor used for forcing air into an engine. They thought that by adding a turbine to turn the supercharger, it would yield a "turbosupercharger". The term was soon shortened to "turbocharger". This can now create some confusion. The term "turbosupercharged" is sometimes used to refer to an engine that uses both a crankshaft-driven supercharger and an exhaust-driven turbocharger. This is also called twincharging.

Some companies such as Teledyne Continental Motors still use the term "turbosupercharger" to refer to their turbochargers.

An engine creates power by burning a mixture of air and fuel. The air and fuel are put into the cylinders to burn. When they burn, they push the piston down. The piston turns the crankshaft and creates power. For car engines, this is measured "horsepower".

An engine that does not use a turbocharger or a supercharger is called a "naturally aspirated" or "normally aspirated" engine. Normally, when engine specifications are listed, a note is only made if the engine uses a turbocharger or supercharger. Most car engines are naturally aspirated. The power they can create is limited by the amount of air the pistons can pull into the cylinders.

A turbocharger is a small fan pump that spins around a shaft. The pump is driven by the pressure of the exhaust gas. A turbocharger consists of a turbine and a compressor. They are both mounted on the same shaft. The turbine is a heat engine. It converts exhaust heat and pressure to rotation. This rotation is used to turn the compressor. The compressor takes in the draws in the outside air. It squeezes or compresses the air. It then sends the air to the engine. Because the air pressure has been increased, more air and fuel may be put into the cylinders. This is sometimes called "boost pressure".With more fuel to burn, the engine can create more power. This increases the "horsepower" of the engine.

The engine can be damaged if the air pressure in the cylinders gets too high. If there is too much exhaust gas sent to the turbine, the compressor can create too much pressure. To stop this from happening, a "wastegate" is used. The wastegate will limit amount of exhaust gas sent to the turbine.

The turbocharger was invented by Swiss engineer Alfred Büchi. His patent was applied for use in 1905. Diesel ships and locomotives with turbochargers began appearing in the 1920s.

During the First World War French engineer Auguste Rateau fitted turbochargers to Renault engines powering various French fighters with some success.

In 1918, General Electric engineer Sanford Moss attached a turbocharger to a "Liberty" aircraft engine. The engine was tested at Pikes Peak in Colorado at . The test was to show that the turbo could add the power airplanes lose at high altitude. Internal combustion engines lose power because at high altitude, the outside air pressure is low. Less air and fuel can be drawn into the engine.

Turbochargers were first used in production aircraft engines in the 1930s. 

The first turbocharged diesel truck was built by the "Swiss Machine Works Saurer" in 1938. The first production turbocharged automobile engines came from General Motors in 1962. The Oldsmobile Cutlass Jetfire was fitted with a turbocharger and the Chevrolet Corvair Monza Spyder with a TRW turbocharger. 

In 1974, at Paris Auto Show, Porsche displayed the 911Turbo. This was during the height of the oil crisis. The 911Turbo was the first production sports car with exhaust turbocharger and pressure regulator. The pressure regulator was the wastegate.
The first production turbo diesel automobiles were the Mercedes 300SD with a Garrett turbocharger, and the Peugeot 604. Both were introduced in 1978. Today, most automotive diesels are turbocharged.

The first successful turbocharged racing engine appears to have been in 1952. Fred Agabashian in a diesel-powered Cummins Special qualified for the pole position at the Indianapolis 500. He led for . Then the turbo was damaged by tire debris. Offenhauser's turbocharged engines first came to Indianapolis in 1966. Their first victory came in 1968 using a Garrett AiResearch turbocharger. Turbocharged cars dominated the 24 Hours of Le Mans between 1976 and 1988, and then from 2000-2007.
Formula One had a "Turbo Era" from until . Engines with a capacity of 1500 cc could produce as much as 1500 hp (1119 kW). In 1977, Renault was the first to use turbocharged engines F1. The performance made up for the high cost. Other engine manufacturers started building turbos. The turbocharged engines took over the F1 field. They ended the Ford Cosworth DFV era in the mid 1980s. the FIA decided that turbochargers were making the sport too dangerous and expensive. In 1987, the FIA decided to limit the maximum boost of the turbos. In 1989, turbochargers were banned completely.

World Rally Car racers have long preferred turbocharged engines. They offer a very high power-to-weight ratios. Turbo power started to rise to the levels of F1 cars. The FIA did not ban turbos. They restrict the turbo power by limiting the inlet diameter.

Some engines use two turbochargers. They will both be the same size. They are normally smaller than used on single-turbos engines. They are often used on V-type engines, such as V6s and V8s. Each turbo is powered by a separate exhaust pipe from the engine. Because they are smaller, they reach their optimal boost more quickly. This setup of turbos is normally called a parallel twin-turbo system. The first production car with parallel twin turbochargers was the Maserati Biturbo of the early 1980s. 

Some car builders avoid turbo lag (below) by using two small turbos. The normal setup is to have one turbo working all the time. The seconds turbo will only start working at higher RPM. Because the turbos are smaller, they do not have as much turbo lag. The second turbo will be able get to full speed before it is required. This setup is normally called a sequential twin-turbo. Porsche first used this technology in 1985 in the Porsche 959.

Turbocharging is very common on diesel engines in automobiles, trucks, locomotives, ships, and heavy machinery. Diesels are particularly suitable for turbochargers for several reasons:

Using turbochargers to increase performance was very appealing to the Japanese builders in the 1980s. The first example of a turbocharged motorcycle is the 1978 Kawasaki Z1R TC. It used a Rayjay ATP turbo kit to build 0.35 bar (5 lb) of boost. This raised the power up from to . It was only slightly faster than the standard model. Several other motorcycles were built with turbos. Turbo applications for motorcycles increased their price. The small gains in performance were not worth the extra cost. Since the mid 1980s, no manufacturers have produced turbocharged motorcycles.

A natural use of the turbocharger is with aircraft engines. As an aircraft climbs to higher altitudes, the pressure of the surrounding air quickly decreases. A turbocharger fixes this problem by compressing the air to higher pressures.

Compressing the air increases its temperature. This causes several problems. Increased temperatures can lead to engine knock because of increased cylinder head temperatures. Hot air cannot burn as much fuel as cold air. This will decrease the power produced. 

The common method of dealing with the hotter air is to cool it. The most common way is to use an inter-cooler or after-cooler. These coolers reduce the temperature of the air before it enters the engine. 

Modern turbocharged aircraft usually do not need to cool the incoming air. Their turbochargers are generally small and the pressures created are not very high. Thus, the air temperature is not increased very much.

To run a supercharger, it needs to take away some power from the engine. The power it adds is more than the power it uses. A turbocharger uses the exhaust gases. This is heat energy that would be wasted. 

Turbochargers can be damaged by dirty or poor oil. Most manufacturers recommend more frequent oil changes for turbocharged engines. The turbocharger will heat when running. Many recommend letting the engine idle for several minutes before shutting the engine off. This gives the turbo time to cool down. This will increase the life of the turbo.

The time required for the turbo to build up the needed pressure is called "turbo lag". This is noticed as a hesitation in engine response. This is caused by the time taken for the exhaust system to speed up the turbine. The directly-driven compressor in a supercharger does not have this problem. 

Lag can be reduced by using lighter parts. This allows the turbine to start faster. Other mechanical changes can reduce turbo lag, but at an increase in cost.


Lee Beom-seok (prime minister)

Lee Beon-Seok (hangul: , October 20 1900 – May 11 1972) was a Korean politician and independence activist. He was South Koreas first National Defense Minister, first Prime Minister, eighth home minister, and Ambassador Embassy of Taiwan. 



Sanat Naft F.C.

Sanat Naft Football Club () is an Iranian football club based in Abadan, Iran. They currently play in the Azadegan League. The team is sponsored by Iran's national petroleum industry and is part of the sports club "Sanat Naft Athletic Club".

Irreducible Mind

Irreducible Mind: Toward a Psychology for the 21st Century is a 2007 parapsychology book. The book talks about ideas proposed by Frederic William Henry Myers. "Irreducible Mind" says that the mind is separate from the brain or body. The book says that the mind continues on after death.

The authors come from various fields of psychology, science studies, and psychical research. Lead author Edward F. Kelly is Professor of Research in the Division of Perceptual Studies at the University of Virginia.

The book has been criticized for endorsing paranormal claims and pseudoscience. In a review, clinical neurologist Sebastian Dieguez said the book is "painstakingly redundant, astoundingly arrogant in its claims and intents". Dieguez wrote that the authors of "Irreducible Mind" took reports of paranormal phenomena and wild claims at face value, talked "quantum babble" and formed an ignorant "soul of the gaps" argument.


Aluminium Hormozgan F.C.

Aluminum Hormozgan F.C. is an Iranian football club based in Bandar Abbas, Iran. They currently compete in the Azadegan League.

Steel Azin F.C.

Steel Azin Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Tehran, Iran.


Saipa F.C.

Saipa Karaj Football Club is a football team based in Karaj, Iran. The team is owned by SAIPA, an Iranian automobile manufacturer.

The table below chronicles the achievements of Saipa in various competitions since 1993.



Persepolis F.C.

Persepolis Football Club (, pronounced Perspolis) is an Iranian football club based in Tehran, Iran. While the original name of the club is Persepolis, it is also called "Piroozi" (meaning victory) in Iran.

Persian Gulf Pro League

The Persian Gulf Pro League () formerly known as Iran Pro League (IPL) () is the highest level of professional football in Iran.

Since the 2001-2002 season, IPL/Persian Gulf Cup has had nine seasons completed. The table below shows the all-time statistics of all teams attended in the 9 seasons held.



Esteghlal F.C.

Esteghlal Cultural and Athletic Club is an Iranian sports club most widely known for its professional football team based in Tehran. It was founded as Taj (), meaning 'Crown' in Persian and renamed after the Islamic Revoloution in 1979.

Esteghlal have been Asian Champions AFC Champions League twice and have also won Nine National Championship titles. Esteghlal together with Al-Hilal Riadh of Saudi Arabia are the second most successful clubs in Asian Champion's League, after Pohang Steelers of South Korea, with two champions titles and two runner up.

The table below chronicles the achievements of Esteghlal in various competitions since 1945.

Disney Mickey's Magix

Disney Mickey's Magix was a breakfast cereal made by Kellogg's and Disney. The cereal turned the milk in the bowl the color blue and the box had the theme of the "Sorcerer's Apprentice" segment from the movie "Fantasia". The cereal had toasted oats with marshmallows.


Country Store

Country Store is a breakfast cereal made by Kellogg's. Country Store is made in the United Kingdom and was first introduced in 1974.


Budweiser

The word Budweiser has several uses.

Alum

Alum is both a specific chemical compound and a class of chemical compounds.


Examples:

Words like "alum" and "potash" were used before modern chemistry developed. The word 'alumen' occurs in Pliny's "Natural History" (2379 AD). In the 52nd chapter of his 35th book, he gives a detailed description. Different substances were distinguished by the name of 'alumen', but they were all astringents, and were all used in dyeing and medicine.

Budweiser Budvar

Budweiser Budvar (Czech: Budějovický Budvar) is a brand of beer (and a brewery) that is made in the city of České Budějovice in Southern Bohemia, Czech Republic.

In the European Union they sell it under the name Budweiser Budvar but in the United States and Canada they sell it under the name Czechvar.

Song thrush

The song thrush (usually thrush, "Turdus philomelos") is a member of the passerine songbird family Turdidae. It breeds across much of Eurasia. It is also known in English dialects as throstle or mavis. The song thrush has brown upperparts and black-spotted cream or buff underparts, and has three recognised subspecies. Its distinctive song, which has repeated musical phrases, has frequently been referred to in poetry.

The song thrush breeds in forests, gardens and parks, and is partially migratory with many birds wintering in southern Europe, North Africa and the Middle East; it has also been introduced into New Zealand and Australia. Although it is not threatened globally, there have been serious population declines in parts of Europe, probably due to changes in farming practices.

The thrush builds a neat mud-lined cup nest in a bush or tree and lays four or five dark-spotted blue eggs. It is omnivorous and has the habit of using a favourite stone as an "anvil" on which to smash snails. Like other perching birds (passerines), it is affected by external and internal parasites and is vulnerable to predation by cats and birds of prey.

The female song thrush builds a neat cup-shaped nest lined with mud and dry grass in a bush, tree or creeper, or, in the case of the Hebridean subspecies, on the ground. She lays four or five bright glossy blue eggs which are lightly spotted with black or purple. Two or three broods in a year is normal, although only one may be raised in the north of the range. On average, 54.6% of British juveniles survive the first year of life, and the adult annual survival rate is 62.2%. The typical lifespan is three years, but the maximum recorded age is 10 years 8 months.

The thrush is occasionally a host of parasitic cuckoos, but this is rare because the thrush usually recognizes the cuckoo's eggs. However, the thrush does not act with the same aggression towards the adult cuckoo as does the blackbird. The introduced birds in New Zealand, where the cuckoo does not occur, still have the ability to recognise and reject non-mimetic eggs.

The song thrush is omnivorous, eating a wide range of invertebrates, especially earthworms and snails, as well as soft fruit and berries. Like its relative, the blackbird, the thrush finds prey by sight, has a run-and-stop hunting technique on open ground, and will rummage through leaf-litter seeking food.

Snails are especially important when drought or hard weather makes it difficult to find other food. The thrush often uses a favourite stone as an "anvil" on which to smash the snail before extracting the soft body and invariably wiping it on the ground before eating it. Young birds initially flick objects and attempt to play with them until they learn to use anvils as tools to smash snails. The nestlings are mainly fed on animal food such as worms, slugs, snails and insect larvae.

Potassium aluminium sulfate

Potassium aluminium sulfate, or potash alum, or potassium alum, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KAl(SO). It contains potassium, aluminium, and sulfate ions. Crystals of it are transparent, and it is white when made into a powder.

It is a acidic solid at room temperature. It does not have a colour; its crystals are transparent, and its powder is white. It reacts with sodium bicarbonate to make carbon dioxide gas. It exists naturally, and can be found as a mineral.

It is made by reacting aluminium sulfate with potassium sulfate.

It is used to purify water. It is also used in deodorants. It is an antiseptic. It had several uses in the past, such as in dyeing clothes.
Crystals can be grown from a solution of potassium aluminium sulfate.


Ray Adduono

Ray Adduono (born January 21, 1947 in Fort William, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played 221 games in the World Hockey Association. He played for the Indianapolis Racers, Cleveland Crusaders, Minnesota Fighting Saints, and San Diego Mariners.

Turmeric

Turmeric ("Curcuma longa") is a spice, widely used in Asian cooking. It is a rhizomatous herbaceous perennial plant, in the ginger family, Zingiberaceae.

Turmeric plants are widely grown in tropical areas of India, where over 70,000 acres are cultivated every year. The plant has long leaves, surrounding spikes where small flowers form. However the root, or ‘rhizome’ of the turmeric plant is harvested, in much the same way as ginger. The turmeric rhizome takes about 10 months to grow before it can be harvested; it is then boiled, cleaned and dried in the sun. Most of the harvested turmeric is ground up and sold in jars for use in cooking, however the fresh root turmeric can also be used. 

Turmeric is one of the main ingredients of curry powder, and is used to give it the characteristic yellow color. It is also delicious added to rice dishes, seafood, and mustards and pickles. 
Turmeric is also more widely used as a colorant for textiles and food products. It is sometimes substituted for saffron as it is much less expensive, but produces the same yellow color. Turmeric has also been used as an alternative to medicine and can be made into a drink.

Peter Bakovic

Peter George "Pete" Bakovic (born January 31, 1965 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left wing who played briefly in the National Hockey League in the late 1980s for the Vancouver Canucks.

Bakovic played his junior hockey for the Windsor Spitfires of the Ontario Hockey League but was never drafted. After a strong final year of junior, he was signed as a free agent by the Calgary Flames in 1985. A tough player who fought often, Bakovic spent three seasons playing minor pro in the Flames' system without seeing an NHL game. In two years with the Moncton Golden Flames of the AHL, he lead the team in penalty minutes both years, but also posted good offensive totals, notching 54 and 51 points. In his only year with the Salt Lake Golden Eagles, Bakovic posted 43 points in 39 games along with 221 PIM.

Late in the 1987–88 season, he was dealt to the Vancouver Canucks. Vancouver immediately promoted him to their NHL team, and he played 10 games for the Canucks, recording 2 goals and 48 PIM. However, injuries struck the next year and he found himself back in the IHL with the Milwaukee Admirals. Bakovic would play three more seasons in Milwaukee without seeing another NHL game before retiring in 1991.

Following his retirement, Bakovic stayed in Milwaukee and remained with the Admirals organization as an assistant coach until 1998. He continues to live in Milwaukee and coaches high school hockey.

Chrome alum

Chrome alum, also known as chromium potassium sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KCr(SO). It contains chromium, potassium, and sulfate ions. The chromium is in its +3 oxidation state.

It is a dark purple solid. It is normally attached to extra water molecules. It dissolves in water.

It is made by reducing potassium dichromate with sulfur dioxide.

It was used in making leather; now chromium(III) sulfate is used instead. 


Chromium(III) sulfate

Chromium(III) sulfate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Cr(SO). It is a colored compound. It is made by dissolving chromium or chromium(III) oxide in sulfuric acid. It can also be made by reduction of chromates by sulfur dioxide. It turns green when heated. It is used to make leather. Chrome alum was used in the past. It's an irritant.


Gustavo Dudamel

Gustavo Dudamel (born January 26, 1981 in Barquisimeto, Lara, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan conductor and violinist. He became famous as the conductor of the Venezuelan youth orchestra Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar. Today he is the principal conductor of the Gothenburg Symphony in Gothenburg, Sweden, and music director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic in Los Angeles, California. Dudamel is also the artistic director of the Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar in Caracas, Venezuela.

Dudamel was born in Barquisimeto, Venezuela. His father played the trombone. He studied music when he was quite young, and learned the violin when he was ten. He also studied composition. He became involved with El Sistema, an organization in Venezuela to help children from poorer families to learn musical instruments. He went to the Jacinto Lara Conservatory and then the Latin-American Violin Academy, learning the violin.

He began to study conducting in 1995. In 1999, he became music director of the Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar, the national youth orchestra of Venezuela, and toured several countries.

Dudamel won many prizes for conducting. He soon became well-known and conducted the Philharmonia, the Israel Philharmonic, and the Los Angeles Philharmonic. He signed a recording contract with Deutsche Grammophon. He conducted "Don Giovanni" at La Scala, Milan, in November 2006. On September 10, 2007, he conducted the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra for the first time at the Lucerne Festival. In March 2008, he first conducted the San Francisco Symphony. 

In 2005, Gustavo Dudamel conducted at the BBC Proms when Neeme Järvi was ill. He became Principal Conductor of the Gothenburg Symphony. He still conducts the Simón Bolívar National Youth Orchestra

Dudamel first conducted in the U.S. with the Los Angeles Philharmonic at the Hollywood Bowl in 2005. In 2009 he became their Musical Director.

On April 16, 2007, Gustavo Dudamel conducted the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra in a concert to celebrate the 80th birthday of Pope Benedict XVI, with Hilary Hahn as solo violinist. The Pope was at the concert.

A documentary film "Tocar y Luchar" was made about Dudamel and El Sistema.

Dudamel is married to Eloísa Maturén, a Venezuelan ballet dancer and journalist.


William James

William James (1842–1910) was an American psychologist and philosopher. He was an original thinker in physiology, psychology and philosophy. His major work was a twelve-hundred page book which gave us such ideas as the "stream of thought". William was the brother of the novelist Henry James.

James was a pragmatist. He defined true beliefs as those that prove useful to the believer. Truth is verifiable (can be tested) when thoughts and statements correspond with actual things, and also "hang together," or cohere, as pieces of a puzzle might fit together. These 'truths' are confirmed by the observed results putting them into practice.

James held a world view in line with pragmatism, declaring that the value of any truth depended on its use to the person who held it. The world is a mosaic of diverse experiences that can only be understood through "radical empiricism". Radical empiricism, not related to the everyday scientific empiricism, asserts that the world and experience can never be halted for an entirely objective analysis. The mind of the observer and simple act of observation will affect the outcome of any empirical approach to truth. The mind, its experiences and nature, cannot be separated. James's emphasis on diversity as the default human condition has kept a strong influence in American culture, especially among liberals. James's description of the mind-world connection, which he described as a "stream of consciousness", had a direct and significant effect on avant-garde and modernist literature and art.

In "What pragmatism means", James writes that the central point of his own doctrine of truth is, in brief, that "Truths emerge from facts, but they dip forward into facts again and add to them; which facts again create or reveal new truth (the word is indifferent) and so on indefinitely. The 'facts' themselves meanwhile are not true. They simply "are"</u/l>. Truth is the function of the beliefs that start and terminate among them".

Headlamp

A headlamp is a light bulb mounted on the front of a machine. Normally it is mounted on a car. It shines forward. It can be turned on and off. It is used to see ahead of the machine so it wouldn't drive into trees or telephone poles. Incandescent bulbs and a variant known as halogen bulbs are the most common types. They are normally bright.


Shawn Horcoff

Shawn Horcoff (born September 17, 1978 in Trail, British Columbia, Canada) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL) and is the captain of the team. He also played for the Dallas Stars and Anaheim Ducks.

Horcoff played college hockey at Michigan State University where he drafted by the Edmonton Oilers in the 1998 NHL Draft.

Brouwer also played in the AHL with the Hamilton Bulldogs and also played in the Swedish Elite League with the "Mora IK" team.

Dan Hamhuis

Daniel Hamhuis (born December 13, 1982 in Smithers, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played 16 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Nashville Predators, Vancouver Canucks, and Dallas Stars. 

Hamhuis played in the WHL for the Prince George Cougars for 4 seasons and played for the Milwaukee Admirals in the AHL. Hamhuis won a gold medal with Canada at the 2014 Winter Olympics.

On August 13, 2020, Hamhuis announced his retirement from the NHL.

V6 engine

A V6 engine, often just called a V6, is an internal combustion engine with six cylinders. The engine has three cylinders on each side called banks. The two banks form a "V" shaped angle. In most engines, the two banks are at a right angle (90°) or less to each other. All six pistons turn a common crankshaft. It is the second most common engine design in modern cars after the inline four. It can be powered by different types of fuels, including gasoline, diesel, natural gas and alcohol.

The V6 is a very compact engine design. It is shorter than the straight-4. Many V6 engines are narrower than the V8 engine. They work well and are well suited to the popular transverse engine front-wheel drive cars. It has largely replaced the inline-6, which is too long to fit in many modern cars. It is more complicated and not as smooth as the inline-6. The V6 is more compact, and more rigid, but also more prone to vibrations. It is also becoming a high performance engine. It has high power and torque output like the classic V8, but has good fuel economy.

Some of the first V6-cars were built in 1905 by the Marmon Motor Car Company.

Delahaye's design-engineer Amadee Varlet came up with a twin-cam V6, that went into series production as the Type 44, in 1911. It was not successful enough to remain in production after 1914, when the first World war interrupted French automobile manufacturing. (Information obtained through Club Delahaye, the recognized global authority and permanent holder of the registered Delahaye trademark).

The first series production V6 was introduced by Lancia in 1950. Other builders soon started using V6 engines. In 1959, General Motors built a heavy-duty 305 in (5 L) 60° V6 for use in their pickup trucks and Chevrolet Suburban. The engine was later enlarged to 478 in (7.8 L) for heavy truck and bus use.

In 1962, the Buick Special offered a 90° V6 with uneven firing intervals. Consumers did not like this engine because of the vibration.

Due to the odd number of cylinders in each bank, V6 designs are unbalanced, whatever V-angle they use. Each bank in a V6 has an odd number of pistons. The V6 has an end-to-end rocking motion. Counterweights on the crankshaft and a counter rotating balancer shaft compensate for some of the rocking motion. 

The Lancia V6 in 1950 used a 60° angle between the cylinder banks and a six-throw crankshaft, to achieve equally spaced firing intervals of 120°. This still has some balance and secondary vibration problems. The first Buick V6 was a 90°, based on their 90° V8. This produced a rough-running design. This was unacceptable to many customers. Later designs have improved the engine and made it reasonably smooth.

The most efficient cylinder bank angle for a V6 is 60 degrees. This makes the smallest size engine and reduces vibration. 60° V6 engines are not as well balanced. Modern design has reduced most of the vibration. 60 degree V6 engines do not need balance shafts. This design works well in larger cars where four-cylinder engines do not have enough power.

Some 90° V6 engines are built. They are usually based on V8 engines. It takes little work to change a V8 into a V6 engine. The problem is these engines are wider and have more vibration than a 60° V6. More modern 90° V6 engine designs avoid vibration problems by changing the crankshaft's design and firing timing. Balancing shafts are often used to remove the remaining vibration. 

120° could be thought of as the "natural" angle for a V6. Each cylinder fires a power stroke every 120° of crankshaft rotation. This allows pairs of pistons to share crank pins (a connection on the crankshaft). Unlike the V8, there is no way to arrange a V6 to balance the piston forces. Because of the odd number of cylinders in each bank, a balance shaft is needed.

The 120° design also creates a very wide engine. It is too wide for most cars. It is often used in race cars. Race cars are designed around the engine, and vibration is not as important.

The flat-6 "boxer" engine (180°) is only slightly wider than the 120° V6, and it is fully balanced.

When the fuel in a cylinder is burned, it pushes the piston down and creates power. This is often referred to as "firing". 

Many early V6 engines were based on V8 engine designs. This made a firing pattern with groups of two cylinders with an "odd-firing" order. This resulting in rough-running engines with unpleasant vibrations at certain engine speeds.

More modern 90° V6 engines avoid this problem. They use a split crank pin where the piston connects to the crankshaft. This makes an even 120° firing pattern. A 'split' crank pin is weaker than a straight one. Modern metallurgical techniques can produce a crankshaft that is strong enough to not break.

The V6 engine was introduced into racing by Lancia in the early 1950s. They had some good results. Then Ferrari built the Dino V6. Alfredo Ferrari, the son of Enzo Ferrari, was nicknamed Dino. He suggested building a 1.5 litre V6 engine for Formula Two racing. The Dino V6 was updated several times, and increased to a 2.4 litre engine. The Dino V6 was used in the Ferrari 246 Formula One car in 1958.

Laverda showed a 996 cc V6-engined motorcycle at the 1977 Milan show. The motorcycle was raced in the 1978 Bol d'Or 24 hour race.



Valtteri Filppula

Valtteri Filppula (born March 20, 1984) is a Finnish professional ice hockey centre and left winger. He currently plays for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played in the NHL for the Detroit Red Wings and for Jokerit of the SM-liiga. His brother Ilari Filppula plays hockey for HC CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Filppula played two seasons with Jokerit of the SM-liiga. He was drafted with the 95th overall by the Detroit Red Wings in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. Filppula won the Stanley Cup with the Detroit Red Wings in 2008 when they beat the Pittsburgh Penguins 4 games to 2.

On July 5, 2013, he signed a five-year, $25 million contract with the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Filppula won a bronze medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics with team Finland.


Foolad F.C.

Foolad Khuzestan Football Club is an Iranian football club, based in Ahvaz, Khuzestan. 

The table below chronicles the achievements of Foolad in various competitions since 1997.
<br>
<br>


Rah Ahan F.C.

Rah Ahan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Shahr-e-Rey. They currently play in the IPL.

The table below chronicles the achievements of Rah Ahan every season, from 2002 to the present day.

Saba Qom F.C.

Saba Qom F.C or Saba Qom Football Club () is a football team based in Qom, Iran.

The table below chronicles the achievements of Saba Battery every season, from 2002 to the present day.


Sepahan S.C.

Sepahan Esfahan is an Iranian football club based in Isfahan, Iran. Sepahan is the last champion of the IPL in 2009-10 season.




Top Goal Scorer in the Iranian Premier League

The following list of clubs are affiliated with Sepahan:

Mes Kerman F.C.

Sanat Mes Kerman Football Club () is an Iranian football team based in Kerman, Iran. The team is named after and sponsored by Kerman's copper industries.

as of August 27, 2010

Cam Neely

Cameron Michael Neely (born June 6, 1965 in Comox, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played for the Vancouver Canucks for 3 seasons and the Boston Bruins for 10 seasons. Neely was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2005. He was named President of the Boston Bruins on June 16, 2010. His jersey number #8 was retired by the Boston Bruins.

Neely joined the 50 goals in 50 games club when he scored 50 goals in 44 games in 1993–94.

Both of Neely's parents died of cancer. He set up the "Cam Neely Foundation". He helps cancer patients live at the "Neely House" while having cancer treatments.

Notochord

The notochord is a flexible, rod-shaped body found in embryos of all chordates. It forms the axis of the embryo. In some chordates, it persists throughout life as the main support down the length of the body. In most vertebrates it is replaced by the vertebral column. The notochord is found ventral (underneath) the neural tube (future spinal cord). 

Notochords were the first "backbones" in chordates. Notochords were advantageous to primitive fish-ancestors: they were a rigid structure for muscle attachment, but flexible enough to allow movement. Embryos of vertebrates have notochords, and develop the vertebral column later. 

Hurricane Diana

Hurricane Diana struck Mexico in August of 1990 Atlantic hurricane season. Although the hurricane had winds speeding at only 100 miles an hour, the storm still killed more than 130 people. This hurricane also caused more than $100 million in damage (1990 USD). The name Diana was later retired in Spring of 1991 and then replaced by Dolly.


Hurricane Erin (1995)

Hurricane Erin struck Florida twice: the eastern side and the Panhandle Region in the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm also struck Alabama. It was not a very severe storm, though the damage caused by Erin was over $700 million. Despite the damage, the name Erin did not get retired.

Tropical Storm Alberto (1994)

Tropical Storm Alberto was a catastrophic storm in the 1994 Atlantic hurricane season. The cyclone was responsible for between 22 and 38 deaths and between $500 million and $1 billion in destruction (1994 USD). The storm struck Northwest Florida, southwest Georgia and Alabama. In spite of the destruction, the name "Alberto" was not retired.

Menai Strait

The Menai Strait (, the "River Menai") is a narrow stretch of water which separates the island of Anglesey from the mainland of Wales. It is in the northwest corner of Wales. The straight is about 25km long. The water is not very deep. There are two bridges over the strait. The A5 road (which goes all the way to central London), goes across by the Menai Suspension Bridge. There is also the Britannia Tubular Bridge. 

Zob Ahan Isfahan FC

Zob Ahan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Esfahan, Iran.

The table below chronicles the achievements of Zob Ahan since 1973.

<br>
<br>

Paykan F.C.

Paykan Football Club , is a football team based in Qazvin, Iran. 

List of Team Umizoomi episodes

This is a list of Nick Jr.'s original series, "Team Umizoomi" episodes. "Team Umizoomi" is an animated mystery fantasy musical series with a focus on preschool mathematics. It has been made available on iTunes. It first broadcast on January 25, 2010 to the final broadcast on April 24, 2015.

The episode list is in broadcast order.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>

Hamish MacCunn

Hamish MacCunn (22 March 1868 – 2 August 1916), was a Scottish composer and conductor who lived in the later part of the romantic period.

He was born in Greenock. His father was a shipowner. He soon showed a great talent for music. In 1883 he got a scholarship to study at the Royal College of Music, which had only just been founded. His teachers there included Sir Hubert Parry and Sir Charles Villiers Stanford.
MacCunn became a professor of harmony at the Royal Academy of Music from 1888-1894. He also taught at the Guildhall School of Music.

MacCunn composed several orchestral works as well as operas, but he had to spend more and more time conducting in order to earn money. For a time he conducted the Carl Rosa Opera Company. He conducted Wagner’s opera "Siegfried " and the first performance in English " of "Tristan and Isolde".

In 1887 he conducted his overture "The Land of the Mountain and the Flood" at the Crystal Palace. This was a very successful piece, and it remains the only composition of his which is still often performed. The music has a Scottish feeling and sounds quite similar to the music of Mendelssohn. Although he composed other pieces which were similar in mood, none of them were as successful as this one.

In 1888, he married Alison Pettie, daughter of the painter John Pettie who had painted MacCunn's portrait several times. They had one son. John Pettie liked music and helped MacCunn in his career by organizing concerts of his music.

He died aged only 48.



List of herbs

This is a list of herbs.

The Yogi Bear Show

Yogi Bear is a kids' TV show made by Hanna-Barbera in the early 1960s.



REN21

REN21, the Renewable Energy Policy Network for the 21st Century, is an organization which provides a forum for international leadership in renewable energy policy, in order to promote the rapid growth of renewable energy technologies in developing countries and industrialised economies.

The network was launched in June 2005 as a result of discussion held the previous year at the International Conference for Renewable Energies in Bonn, Germany. Its secretariat operates from offices in Paris, France, and is provided by the United Nations Environment Programme and the "Deutsche Gesellschaft für Technische Zusammenarbeit" (German Technical Cooperation), in collaboration with the International Energy Agency. 

REN21 has produced a number of internationally recognised reports on renewable energy policy and the development of the renewables marketplace. Since 2005 REN21 has produced an annual "Renewables Global Status Report", with Eric Martinot and Janet Sawin as lead authors.

Transverse engine

A transverse engine is an engine mounted in a vehicle so that the engine's crankshaft is at a right angle (90°) to the vehicle. Many modern front wheel drive vehicles use a transverse engine mounting design. The majority of rear wheel drive vehicles use a longitudinal engine design, where the engine's crankshaft axis is parallel to the vehicle.

The first car known to use such an arrangement was a 1911 front-wheel drive car. It had a clutch at each end of the engine, driving the front wheels directly. The first successful transverse-engine cars were the two-cylinder DKW "Front" series of cars. These first appeared in 1931. After the World War II, SAAB used the configuration in their first model, the Saab 92, in 1947.

Engines may be placed in two main positions within the motor car:

Longitudinal engine

A longitudinal engine is an engine mounted in a vehicle so that the engine's crankshaft is parallel with the vehicle, front to back. The majority of rear wheel drive vehicles use a longitudinal engine design. where the engine's crankshaft axis is parallel to the vehicle. Many modern front wheel drive vehicles use a transverse engine mounting design. 

Engines may be placed in three main positions within the car:

Stawki (Toruń)

Stawki is a district of Toruń.



Orange County, Florida

Orange County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed in 1824 when it was originally called "Mosquito County". As of 2020, 1,429,908 people lived there. Its county seat is Orlando.

Monroe County, Florida

Monroe County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on July 3, 1823. As of 2020, the population is 82,874. Its county seat is Key West.

Monroe County includes a part of the Florida mainland, and many small islands called the Florida Keys. Almost nobody lives in the mainland of the county. It is all wetland, part of the Everglades. Nearly everybody in the county lives on the islands.

Indian River County, Florida

Indian River County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on May 30, 1925. As of 2020, 159,788 people lived there. Its county seat is Vero Beach.

Gilchrist County, Florida

Gilchrist County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on December 4, 1925. As of 2020, 17,864 people lived there. Its county seat is Trenton.

Santa Rosa County, Florida

Santa Rosa County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on February 18, 1842. As of 2020, 188,000 people lived there. Its county seat is Milton.

Escambia County, Florida

Escambia County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on July 21, 1821. As of 2020, 321,905 people lived there. Escambia County's seat is Pensacola.


Kauai County, Hawaii

Kauai County is a county in the U.S. state of Hawaii. It was formed in 1905. As of 2020, 73,298 people live there. It's county seat is Lihue.

Dimethylmercury

Dimethylmercury, sometimes called dimethyl mercury, is a chemical compound. It contains methyl and mercury ions. Its chemical formula is (CH)Hg. 

It is a colorless liquid. It evaporates very fast. It is a very strong toxin to the nervous system. It doesn't react with water like other similar chemicals. It contains mercury in its +2 oxidation state. It can react with mercury(II) chloride to make a crystalline chemical compound.

It is made by reacting a sodium amalgam with methyl iodide. 

It has almost no uses. It is rarely used to test instruments that are used to detect mercury.

It is extremely toxic. If just a drip gets placed on human skin, it will poison the person. It gets into the brain easily when it goes through the skin. The poisoning does not happen quickly, though. It sometimes can take months before the poisoning effects show.


Ken Watanabe

On February 9, 2016, it was revealed Watanabe, a leukemia survivor, had been diagnosed with stomach cancer.

Methyl

Methyl is an ion. It is made by removing one of the hydrogen atoms from an atom of methane. It is an organic ion. Its chemical formula is CH. It bonds with other ions, such as hydroxide, to make chemical compounds. The bonding with hydroxide makes methanol. If it bonds with mercury, it makes dimethylmercury.

Methyl groups added to cytosine are the basis of epigenetics. They change the way genes act, and so explain how (for example) identical twins may turn out differently later in life. Or, they help understand how a mother's nutrition may have long-lasting effects on her offspring.


Inception

Inception is a 2010 British-American science fiction action heist movie written and directed by Christopher Nolan, who also produced the movie with his wife, Emma Thomas. The movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio as a professional thief who steals information by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets. He is offered a chance to have his criminal history erased as payment for the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious. The ensemble cast includes Ken Watanabe, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Marion Cotillard, Elliot Page, Tom Hardy, Dileep Rao, Cillian Murphy, Tom Berenger, and Michael Caine.

The idea behind "Inception" was first developed over nine years before it was released. But, there is also another anime film just like it called Paprika (2006 film). After the 2002 completion of "Insomnia", Nolan wrote an 80-page treatment for a horror movie envisioning "dream-stealers", presenting the idea to Warner Bros. based on ideas of lucid dreaming and dream incubation. 
Deciding he needed more experience before tackling a production of this magnitude and complexity, Nolan shelved the project and instead worked on 2005's "Batman Begins", 2006's "The Prestige", and "The Dark Knight" in 2008. He spent six months polishing up the script for "Inception" before Warner Bros. purchased it in February 2009. Filming spanned in six countries, beginning in Tokyo on June 19 and finishing in Canada in November 22. It was officially budgeted at $160 million, a cost which was shared between Warner Bros. and Legendary. Nolan's success with "The Dark Knight" helped gain the movie $100 million to spend on advertising.

"Inception" was first screened in London on July 8, 2010 and was shown in standard and IMAX theatres on July 16, 2010. "Inception" grossed over $828 million worldwide, becoming the fourth-highest-grossing movie of 2010. Considered one of the best movies of the 2010s, "Inception" received critical praise for its screenplay, direction, themes, action sequences, visual effects, musical score, and ensemble cast. It won four Academy Awards (Best Cinematography, Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Visual Effects) and was nominated for four more: Best Picture, Best Original Screenplay, Best Art Direction, and Best Original Score.

Methyl iodide

Methyl iodide is a chemical compound. It is made of methyl and iodide ions. Its chemical formula is CHI.

It is a liquid that evaporates easily. When it is exposed to light, it turns purple because of iodine. This can be stopped by keeping it with copper. It breaks down when heated to make carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, and hydrogen iodide. 

It is made by reacting iodine, red phosphorus, and methanol all at the same time. Phosphorus(III) iodide is formed during the reaction. Another way to make it is to react methanol with potassium iodide and some sulfuric acid. 

It is used to add methyl to some organic compounds. It can also be used as a pesticide. It is used to make dimethylmercury and other chemicals.

It causes nausea and dizziness when breathed. It can cause burns when put on skin.


Phosphorus(III) iodide

Phosphorus(III) iodide, also known as phosphorus triiodide, is a chemical compound. It is made of phosphorus and iodide ions. It contains phosphorus in its +3 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is PI.

It is a red solid. It is very unstable and a powerful reducing agent. It reacts violently with water. The reaction with water makes phosphorous acid and hydrogen iodide. It is used in making chemicals. Some think that it is too unstable to be stored, but it can be stored and can be bought. 

Phosphorus(III) iodide is made by reacting iodine with white phosphorus dissolved in carbon disulfide. It is dissolved in carbon disulfide because it does not dissolve in water. It can also be made by reacting phosphorus(III) chloride with hydrogen iodide or some other iodide.

It reacts with alcohols such as methanol to make "alkyl iodides" such as methyl iodide. Many times phosphorus(III) iodide is made in the reaction. The alkyl iodides are used in many chemical reactions.


Carbon disulfide

Carbon disulfide, also known as carbon bisulfide, is a chemical compound. It consists of carbon and sulfide ions. It contains carbon in its +4 oxidation state and sulfur in its -2 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is CS.

It is similar to carbon dioxide, although much more reactive. Sulfide is a much more powerful reducing agent than oxide. It burns very easily and catches fire at 90°C. It smells sweet but is often contaminated other chemicals that smell bad. 

It used to be made by reacting carbon and sulfur at a very high temperature. Now it is made by "burning" methane in sulfur (instead of oxygen). It is much harder to burn methane in sulfur. The waste product (carbon disulfide) is also much more reactive than carbon dioxide, the normal waste product.

It is used to make carbon tetrachloride. It is also used in making organic chemicals. It is used to dissolve things like phosphorus and iodine and to kill insects. 

Carbon disulfide is very flammable and is also toxic in large amounts when breathed in.


Nick Jr. (block)

Nick Jr. (sometimes disambiguated as Nick Jr. on Nickelodeon or Nick Jr. on Nick) is a programming block that aired on Nickelodeon from January 4, 1988.

Donovan Patton

Donovan Patton (born March 1, 1978) is an American host, actor, voice actor, and singer. Patton graduated from the Interlochen Arts Academy and acted in Shakespeare plays such as "Much Ado About Nothing" and "Romeo and Juliet" before he replaced Steve Burns as Joe, the second host of Nickelodeon's children's television program "Blue's Clues" in 2002. Series co-creator Angela Santomero stated that Patton brought Joe, his character, closer to the preschool viewer, as Joe was more willing to "jump into a problem rather than figure it out first like Steve". After "Blue's Clues" ended Patton voiced Bot on Nickelodeon's "Team Umizoomi", for his work on children's television series, Patton has been described as a "household name" and an "unqualified star to the 5-and-under set and their parents".

Although most of his career has been in children's television, Patton has also appeared in independent films, such as "Awake" and "Lies I Told My Little Sister", and in television shows.

He also appeared in video games, such as "Grand Theft Auto V", "Lego Jurassic World", "" and "".

Donovan Patton graduated from the Interlochen Arts Academy in northwest Michigan. His first acting roles were in Shakespeare plays such as "Much Ado About Nothing" and "Romeo and Juliet".

Patton's "big break" came in 2002, when he was cast to replace Steve Burns as Joe, the second host of the Nickelodeon children's television program "Blue's Clues". He was up for a part in "" at the time, but considered the role as Joe "a happy accident". Patton became a "household name" and has been called "an unqualified star to the 5-and-under set and their parents". He was subjected to "the same kind of scrutiny" as Burns, who was involved in Patton's selection and helped train him, to earn the role. Patton was selected out of 1,500 auditions. He had never seen the show before his audition, but like Burns was the favorite with preschool test audiences. He said, "I am convinced that I got that part because of a Christopher Walken impression I sometimes do. There's a tape out there, somewhere, with both Steve Burns and myself doing a "Blue's Clues" scene both as Christopher Walken, which we did at the screen test. I haven't seen the tape, but I know somewhere it still exists". Beginning in September 2000, Burns trained Patton to take over the host spot and advised him not to "think of [the show] as children's TV", but rather as "acting and telling the truth".

According to Traci Paige Johnson, one of the producers and creators of "Blue's Clues", Patton's character was more like a preschooler and more innocent than Steve. Angela Santomero, another producer and creator, stated that Patton's characterization as Joe brought him closer to the preschool viewer as Joe was more willing to "jump into a problem rather than figure it out first like Steve". Patton liked working on "Blue's Clues" because, as he stated, "I got to go be a kid for twelve hours a day". He called the show's crew "a real fun little family" and a "well-oiled machine" by the time he joined the show. Patton remained on the show for 50 episodes, until it ended its run in 2006, and also appeared in its spin-off, "Blue's Room", which premiered in 2004. Several years later, Patton said he had not yet grasped the enormity of replacing Burns, even after he became a parent and witnessed the show's effect on his own children. He admitted that he preferred when his two-year-old daughter watched the Steve episodes.

In 2012, Patton appeared in the short films "Awake" and "Pharmboy", the latter of which was directed by his longtime friend Lawrence Feeney. Mark Finguerra, the director of "Awake", was able to look past the potential typecasting of Patton's role in "Blue's Clues" to cast him in a darker role. Patton had impressed him in an audition for an earlier feature film. Finguerra called Patton a "complete professional [and a] tremendous actor", and enjoyable on set. He appeared in the soap opera "One Life to Live", in which he played, in a departure of his previous roles, "a very angry man". In 2014, he appeared in a small movie shot mostly in New Jersey, entitled "Lies I Told My Little Sister", directed by William Stribling and starring Lucy Walters.

Patton called his career, with its mixture of children's television and darker roles in independent films, "an odd experience" and told a reporter that he had spent half his life at Nickelodeon. In 2009, he was cast as Bot, the robot superhero, on the children's show "Team Umizoomi" through the relationships he had made at Nickelodeon on "Blue's Clues". He found working on "Team Umizoomi" "comforting" because many of the same crew, producers, and creators had also worked on "Blue's Clues". It was the first time he had worked as a voice-over artist, unlike on "Blue's Clues", when he was able to be more physical acting in front of a blue screen. He said, about "Team Umizoomi", "the work the animators have done on it has been superlative". He stated that he enjoyed working on "Team Umizoomi" because it gave him the opportunity to participate in a show from its inception, which he had missed with "Blue's Clues". Patton said his voice performance of Bot, which he modeled on Brent Spiner's performance as the android Data on "" and was influenced by Mel Blanc's work in the classic Warner Bros. cartoons, "ended up sounding more like my natural voice, with a teeny bit of superhero in there". Despite both roles in "Blue's Clues" and "Team Umizoomi" requiring him to sing, he did not consider himself a natural singer and felt that he had to work hard at it. He said, about being cast as Bot, "I get to be a superhero. Who doesn't want to be a superhero"?.

Patton is married and has two children. He is active in several charities in the New York City area, including Literacy Inc., the Make-a-Wish Foundation, and the Columbia Presbyterian Hospital, a large children's hospital.

Gilded Age

The Gilded Age is a time in the in history of the USA. It lasted from the end of the American Civil War, and up to the late 19th century. It corresponds to the latter part of the British Victorian era. 

The name Gilded Age was first used by writer Mark Twain in "" (1873). The time saw rapid progress in technology and railroad expansions and industrialization. Immigrants came in the millions. The intense political partisanship of the day included disputes over currency, tariffs, political corruption and patronage, railroads and business trusts.


Chemiluminescence

Chemiluminescence (or Chemoluminescence) is a kind of luminescence. It is a process of making light from a chemical reaction. Chemiluminescence in biological systems is called bioluminescence. 

The light made in chemiluminiscence is not directly related to heat. A simple two step example of a reaction of A, and B, that produces; C, D, and light.
C is an excited state of C. 

This reaction is simpler than most chemiluminesence reactions. The excited state happens when electrons are pushed into a higher orbit by the energy of a chemical reaction. The excited state is less stable than the ground state. The electrons in the excited state fall to the ground state (lower energy), emitting light. 

The amount of measurable light made is called "radiant intensity": I (photons emitted per second). 

The device needed to measure the light made is simple. It needs something to hold the sample, and a photomultiplier tube. There are three ways for this to be used in chemical measurements. 

The method measures small amounts of atmospheric pollutants. A common method measures the amount of nitrogen monoxide by reacting it with ozone. The light made has a wavelength range of 600 to 2800 nm.

Luminol is the most well known type of compound used for chemiluminescence in liquids. 

Ca(calcium) inside of different parts of cells like the mitochondria can make light when it reacts with a protein from jellyfish named aequorin. Nitric oxide(NO) is in cells and is a way for cells to talk to each other, this can be measured with the compound luminol. 



Thilo Sarrazin

Thilo Sarrazin (born 12 February 1945) is a German economist and former politician of the SPD. In 2000 and 2001, Sarrazin worked for the "Deutsche Bahn". In 2002, he became the senator for finance in the German state of Berlin. In May 2009, he has become a member of the executive board of the "Deutsche Bundesbank".

Sarrazin published the book "Deutschland schafft sich ab" ("Germany Abolishes Itself") with controversial comments about the German immigration system. The book was published on 30 August 2010. His book led the executive board members of the Bundesbank to ask to dismiss Thilo Sarrazin from his office. This must be done by the German "Bundespräsident" Christian Wulff. After an agreement with the "German Bundesbank", Thilo Sarrazin will leave his post at the end of September.

Sarrazin is also known for statements such as the following:

Sarrazin was born in Gera, Germany. His father was a doctor and the mother a daughter of a West Prussian landowner. His paternal family, a French Huguenot family, is originally from Burgundy. His grandmother was English-Italian. He has explained that his name means Saracen (i.e. Muslim) and is common in Southern France. It comes from the Arab pirates that were called “Saracens” in the Middle Ages. His mother has a Polish origin. He has referred to himself as "a European mongrel".

He grew up in Recklinghausen. At age seven, he went to an orphanage in Bavaria. He graduated from the local gymnasium and then served in the military from 1967 to 1971. Then, he studied Economics at the University of Bonn, earning his doctorate. From November 1973 to December 1974 he worked for the Friedrich Ebert Foundation and became active in the SPD.

In 1975 Sarrazin started to work in the Federal Ministry of Finance. Until 1981 he served as Head of Unit in the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs. In 1981, he returned to the Federal Ministry of Finance. In October 1981, he started to work as bureau chief and was a close collaborator of Federal Finance Minister Hans Matthöfer and his successor Manfred Lahnstein. Even after the end of the socialist-liberal coalition in October 1982, Sarrazin remained in the Finance Ministry. There he was director of several units, including (from 1989 to 1990) the "Innerdeutsche Beziehungen", which the German monetary, economic and social union prepared. During his time as Head of the Federal Ministry of Finance, he was partly responsible for German railways.

From 1990 to 1991, Sarrazin worked for the Treuhand. Then he was up to 1997 State Secretary in the Ministry of Finance in Rhineland-Palatinate.

Sarrazin is married to Ursula Sarrazin ("née" Breit) and has two sons.

The Turn of the Screw (opera)

The Turn of the Screw is an opera by Benjamin Britten. It is a chamber opera (an opera for a small number of characters and very small orchestra). The story is based on a story with the same title by Henry James. The libretto (the words of the opera) were written by Myfanwy Piper. The story of the opera is almost exactly the same as in Henry James’s book. Britten was asked by the Venice Biennale to write the opera. It was first performed on 14 September, 1954, at the Teatro La Fenice, Venice. Its first performance in Britain took place a month later on 6 October 1954 at Sadler’s Wells Opera in London.

The opera is divided into two acts. It is further divided into a prologue and sixteen scenes. Before each scene starts we hear a variation on the 'Screw' theme. This theme is based on twelve notes which are all the 12 notes in the octave. This is called twelve-tone row, but it is tonally based (the music is in traditional keys, unlike the music of Schoenberg). There are only 13 players in the orchestra.

The prologue is just for a solo singer (tenor) and piano. He tells us about a young governess he once knew who looked after two children at Bly House. The children’s parents were dead, and they were supposed to be cared for by their uncle. The uncle, who lived in London, was far too busy to care for them, and he hired a governess for them. He told the governess (who is just called “the governess” in the opera) that she must never write to him about the children. She must make any decisions about them herself. She must never ask him about the history of Bly House, and she must always continue to care for the children.

The Governess wonders what the children will be like. The children wonder what their new governess will be like. When the Governess arrives at Bly House she is greeted by the housekeeper, Mrs. Grose, and the children who (bow and curtsey). She thinks that the boy, Miles, looks strangely familiar. Miles goes to a boarding school, but he has come home for the holidays. A letter from his school arrives saying that he has been expelled because he had been threatening other children. The Governess is sure that Miles, like his sister Flora, is too kind and innocent to have done such terrible things. Mrs Grose also thinks the same thing. The Governess decides not to take any notice of the letter.

The Governess sings about her wonderful position at the house and the beautiful children she has in her care. But at night she hears strange footsteps and a cry outside her door. Suddenly, she sees a pale-faced man sitting on a tower of the house. When the man disappears, she becomes frightened and wonders if she has seen a ghost. But then she is comforted when she hears the children singing the nursery rhyme "Tom, Tom, the Piper's Son". The Governess doubts that she saw anything, but decides to tell Mrs. Grose. The housekeeper tells the Governess about Peter Quint, who used to be a servant at Bly House. What Mrs. Grose says seems to suggest that Quint had done nasty things to Miles. At that time Miles had a governess called Miss Jessel. Mrs. Grose suggests that Quint had a sexual relationship with Miss Jessell, and that they both had sexual relations with the children. The housekeeper said she could do nothing about it, as Quint cleverly found any letters that came for her and he threatened her with physical harm. But when Miss Jessel became pregnant and people found out how bad she was, she abandoned the children and ran away. Soon afterwards she died. Shortly after that Quint died a mysterious death on an icy road near Bly House.

The next morning, the Governess is teaching Miles Latin when he goes into a trance-like state and sings a song which shows that Quint had abused him.

Later that day, the Governess sits by the side of a lake with Flora. Flora names the seas of the world, finishing with the Dead Sea. Flora compares the Dead Sea (where nothing can live) to Bly House. This worries the Governess. As Flora plays on the shore with her doll, the Governess suddenly sees a strange woman across the lake who seems to be watching Flora. It is the ghost of Miss Jessel, who has returned to get Flora. The Governess hurries Flora home to safety.

That night, Miles and Flora slip out into the woods to meet Miss Jessel and Peter Quint. The children fantasize about a world where dreams come true. The Governess and Mrs. Grose arrive as the children are about to be possessed, and the spirits depart. Miles sings a song about how he has been a bad boy.

The ghosts of Peter Quint and Miss Jessel reappear. They argue about who harmed whom first when they were alive, and accuse one another of not acting quickly enough to possess the children. In her room, the Governess worries about the evil she feels in the house.

The next morning, the family goes to church. The children sing a song which sounds like a song praising God. Mrs. Grose does not realize the meaning of the song until the Governess tells her they are singing about horrors. The Governess runs off and goes to her room. She can feel the presence of Miss Jessel and sees her sitting at her desk. The Governess now knows that she cannot abandon the children. She writes to the children’s uncles saying that she must see him.

When the Governess asks Miles what happened at school Quint’s voice is heard. Miles shrieks and the candle goes out. Miles is tempted by Quint to pick up the letter. He steals it and rushes off. Miles distracts the grown-up’s attention by playing the piano, so they do not notice Flora going off to the lake. Mrs Grose and the Governess find Flora by the lake. The Governess tries to make Flora say that she can see Mrs Jessel, but she shouts that she can’t see anybody. Mrs Grose takes her home.

In the last scene Flora has become mad. Mrs Grose tells the Governess that her letter to the uncle must have been stolen. She asks Miles whether he stole it. He denies it, but all the time he can see Peter Quint who is telling him he must not tell them the truth about him. In the end Miles screams: “Peter Quint! You devil!” and then dies. The Governess is left holding the dead boy in her arms.

The instruments used in the orchestra are: 2 violins, viola, cello, double bass, flute/alto flute/piccolo, clarinet/bass clarinet, harp, oboe/cor anglais, piano, celesta and percussion.


Demonic possession

Demonic possession is a term used to describe a situation when a demon (a devil) controls a human being. In many cultures and religions people often used to believe that a devil could enter the body of a person and control them. They often thought this was happening when a person seemed to be mad, or when they had a fit, or when they fainted. 


PAS Hamedan F.C.

PAS Hamedan Football Club () is an Iranian football club based in Hamedan, Iran.

Malavan F.C.

Malavan Bandar Anzali Football Club () is an Iranian football club based in Bandar-e Anzali, Iran.







Cosworth

Cosworth is a high performance engineering company. It was founded in London in 1958. It builds engines and electronics for automobile racing, mainstream automotive and defence industries. Cosworth is based in Northampton, England. It has North American facilities in Torrance, California; Indianapolis, Indiana; and Mooresville, North Carolina. It also has a facility in Pune, India.

Cosworth has had a long and well respected career in Formula One, beginning in 1963. Cosworth stepped away from Formula One for three years when no team decided to use their engines for . Cosworth returned to F1 in , suppling engines to Williams, HRT, Lotus, and Virgin. The first Formula One engines shipped in January. Cosworth's 176 wins make it the second most successful engine manufacturers in F1, after Ferrari.

The company was founded as a British racing internal combustion engine maker in 1958 by Mike Costin and Keith Duckworth (1933-2005) The name Cosworth came by combining their last names. (COStin and duckWORTH). Even thought it was an independent company, it was supported by the Ford Motor Company for many years. Most of the Cosworth engines were named Ford engines.

The company went through a several ownership changes. The business was growing. Keith Duckworth did not want to run the day-to-day business.

Cosworth was sold to United Engineering Industries (UEI) in 1980. Duckworth remained as president for life, and technical involvement with Cosworth. He became a UEI board director. UEI was a group of small to medium-sized technology companies.

UEI was taken over by Carlton Communications in 1988. Carlton wanted some of the audio-visual companies that were part of UEI. Cosworth was a poor fit, so Carlton sold the Cosworth part off.

In 1990, Cosworth was sold to Vickers, a British engineering company.

In 1998, Cosworth was sold to Audi, which is a part of Volkswagen. Hours later, Audi sold the Cosworth Racing division to Ford.

In September, 2004 Ford announced that it was selling Cosworth, along with Cosworth Racing Ltd and its Jaguar Formula One team. On 15 November 2004, the sale of Cosworth was completed to Champ Car World Series owners Gerald Forsythe and Kevin Kalkhoven They are the current owners of the Cosworth Group.

The road car engine division of Cosworth was renamed Cosworth Technology. It was sold to MAHLE in 2005. Cosworth Technology was then renamed as MAHLE Powertrain on 1 July 2005.

Cosworth has had a long relationship with the Ford Motor Company. This started when Cosworth started building racing engines in 1959. These engines were modified versions of the Inline-four Ford Kent engine for Formula Junior. Cosworth built a engine for the Lotus 7. and engines were built use in Formula B, sports car racing, and the Lotus Cortina. The final version of the Cosworth-Kent, in 1965, was the MAE. It was used in Formula 3 when engines were allowed. This was the dominate engine.

The Cortina engine was also the basis for the FVA, a Formula Two engine introduced in 1966. This engine featured dual overhead camshafts with 16 valves. It produced at least at 9000 rpm. This engine dominated the category until 1971. It was also used in sports car racing as the FVC. The FVA was part of the same Ford contract that gave rise to the DFV.

A larger engine was built for endurance racing in the mid 1970s. The FVC displaced . The FVC produced only .

In 1966, Colin Chapman of Lotus Cars was the founder and principal of Team Lotus. He got Ford to finance Keith Duckworth's design for a new lightweight 3.0 litre Formula One engine. Cosworth received the order along with £100,000 from Ford. The contract told Duckworth to build a four-cylinder Ford-based F2 engine to prove it would work (see the FVA above). After that, a pure Cosworth V8 would be built. The DFV design used a similar cylinder head to the one on the FVA engine with custom cylinder block and crankcase. This created the legendary DFV - literally meaning "Double Four Valve". This engine, and its version were used for a quarter of a century. It was the most successful engine in the history of Formula One / Grand Prix motor racing. With 167 winning races it put Cosworth Engineering on the map. Although designed for Formula One, the engine has been modified for use in many other areas.

The DFV won on its first outing, at the 1967 Dutch Grand Prix. Jim Clark drove a Lotus 49 with the DFV engine. Starting in 1968, any F1 team could purchase the engine. During the 1970s, it was common for almost the entire field to use one of the DFV engines. Ferrari never used a Cosworth engine. Most teams just built a car around a Cosworth DFV and a Hewland gearbox. It won a record 155 World Championship races. The last was the Detroit Grand Prix in 1983 in a Tyrrell driven by Michele Alboreto.

The DFV with 410 horsepower did not produce as much power as some of its rival 12-cylinder engines. It was lighter, resulting in a better power to weight ratio. It was also a structural part of the car.

The DFY, introduced in 1982 was upgrade of the DFV for Formula One with 520 horsepower. While it produced more power, it no match for the turbocharged cars of the day. It was the advent of turbocharged engines which ended the use of the DFY. In 1986 Cosworth returned to the lower levels of racing. They modified the DFV for the newly created Formula 3000. The DFV remained in F3000 until 1992.

In Formula One, a new DFV-based design was introduced for the new rules in . 3.5 litre normally-aspirated (non-turbocharded) engines were allowed. In 1988 Cosworth built the DFR, which was used in F1 by the smaller teams until 1991. It scored its last points in 1990.

The DFV is still being used in Classic F1 racing. The FIA given them World Championship status in 2004.

One of the most successful and longest-lived projects of Cosworth has been its CART / Champ Car engine program. In 1975, Cosworth developed the DFX engine. A turbocharged 2.65 litre engine, the DFX became the standard engine to run in IndyCar racing. It ending the reign of the Offenhauser, and maintaining that position until the late 1980s.

While designed as an F1 engine, the DFV was also used as in endurance racing. Its design led to vibrations putting stress on devices surrounding the engine. It was hard on the exhaust system. The first sports car to use a DFV failed to finish a single race because of repeated breakdowns. The DFV did win the 24 hours of Le Mans twice in its original 3.0 litre form. A special endurance version, the DFL, was then developed. The 3.3 litre was reliable. The 4.0 litre was largely remembered as a failure.

A variant of the Ford Essex engine was developed for the Ford Capris. The Capris were raced in Group 2 in the early 1970s. This engine had a displacement of 3.4 L. The GA was also used in the last few years of Formula 5000 in Europe.

The FBA and FBC engines were found in the Ford Granada and Ford Scorpio Ultima. The FBA came first in 1991, and was also known as the 'BOA'. It was based on the Ford Cologne V6. It was a twin overhead camshaft with 24 valves, and produced 192 horsepower. In 1995, it was updated to produce 201 horsepower. This engine was known as the 'BOB'.

A racing version was also available for a short time. The FBE had individual throttle butterflies for each cylinder. The FBB and FBD engines were developed but never released.

Cosworth increased its work with Ford in 1969. Cosworth developed a double overhead camshaft (DOHC) 16-valve inline four cylinder engine for road use in the European Ford Escort. Working from the Kent block, Cosworth created a 1.6 Litre engine for homologation (standarding) purposes. The camshafts were driven by a toothed timing belt. The name BDA, came from "Belt Drive, A type". Running in Group 2 and Group 4 on either rallying or touring car racing, this engine could be enlarged to 2.0 litres. The standard 1.6 L engine could be used in cars competing overall wins, not just first in class.

In 1970, the BDC version received fuel injection. In 1972, the 1.8 L BDA series was being used in Formula 2. In 1973, it went to 1.98 L as the BDG engine. The BDG also had an aluminum engine block.

Other versions of the engine were made for Formula Atlantic in 1970, and SCCA club racing and sports car racing. A 1.7 L BDR version was built in the 1980s. A 1.8 L BDT was built for the Escort RS1700T and the Ford RS2000.

A 2.14 L version was developed by Brian Hart just as Group B was canceled by the FIA. The Hart 420R owes much to the BDA series. It is basically an aluminum block version with similar cylinder heads.

In 1970, Ford asked Weslake and Co to build the BDA Engine for them, and by the end of 1970 the production line had been installed at Rye and production was under way.

The YB series of 2.0 L engines are based on the older Pinto engine block. They were introduced in the road-going Ford Sierra RS Cosworth in 1986 with 201 horsepower. Racing versions could develop about 400 horsepower. A limited edition version was introduced in 1987. The RS500 could produce 550 horsepower in full racing setup.

The YB series engine was replace in 1997, with the Zetec engine design.

Cosworth tested turbocharged BD version. They finally built an all-new turbocharged 1.5 L V6 engine. This engine was badged (named) the Ford TEC. Inside Cosworth, it was known as the GB-series. This engine had a long development history. It only raced only for a short time. In was used by the Haas Lola team in and the Benetton Formula team in .

The final replacement for the DFV/DFZ/DFR series was the 3.5 L HB V8 engine. It was used by the Benetton team midway through 1989. It won the Japanese Grand Prix that year. This engine had a narrower v-angle than the DFV.

As the works (factory supported) team, Benetton was the only team to use this model through the rest of and . In , customer units became available. The customer engines did not have all the updates the works engines did. In 1991, these engines were supplied to the new Jordan Grand Prix team. In 1992, they went to Team Lotus. 1993 saw McLaren added to the customer engine deal. McLaren won five Grands Prix with Ayrton Senna that year. A new Cosworth unit, badged as a Ford Zetec-R was built in 1994. That year, Michael Schumacher won the Drivers World Championship with Benetton. This was the last Ford powered F1 title.

A Jaguar-badged version of the HB was used for a short time in sports car racing with the Jaguar XJR-14. Cosworth also developed a 72° V10 engine for the Sauber Formula One team. It was baged as a Ford engine.

Cosworth has made several 3.0 L V10 engines for other Formula One teams. The Stewart Grand Prix team basically became the Ford works team. They used Cosworth CR-1 engines from their first season in 1997. Stewart became Jaguar Racing which became Red Bull Racing. They used Cosworth V10 engines until 2006. Minardi also used re-badged Cosworth engines until 2005.

Williams began using the new CA2006 Cosworth V8 engines for the 2006 season. In the same year, Scuderia Toro Rosso used detuned V10 engines based on the 2005 units.

In 2007, Williams and Scuderia Torro Rosso both switched to other engines. This left Cosworth out of Formula one for three years. Honda left F1 in December 2008. This led to Cosworth being selected to provide a standard engine to any interested team. Teams could purchase entire engines, or build their own from the Cosworth designs.

In 2010 Cosworth returned as the engine supplier for Williams. They also supplied three new teams; Hispania Racing, Lotus Racing and Virgin Racing. The CA2010 is the same 2.4 litre V8 base of the CA2006 used by Williams. It has been re-tuned from 20,000 rpm to the current 18,000 rpm limit required on all engines. The first engines were shipped to teams in mid-January, 2 weeks prior to first track testing for the year.

Cosworth needed to replace the DFS engines used in IndyCar and Champ Car racing. Cosworth designed the X-series, beginning in 1992 with the XB. The XF was built for the 2000 season to replace the XD. It was picked as the spec engine for the Champ Car World Series in 2003. The most recent version is the 2.65 litre XFE, used through 2007. The Champ Car World Series set a rev limit of 12,000 rpm. The 2004 model of the XFE was rated at 750 horsepower for normal running. It could produce 800 horsepower during the "Push-to-Pass" mode.

In mid 2003, Cosworth provided the 3.5L V8 XG badged as a Chevrolet Gen 4 engine to IRL IndyCar Series teams. The XG finished 2nd in its first race at Michigan on 27 July 2003. Sam Hornish, Jr. went on to win 3 races that season with the new XG. The XG was reduced in size to 3L for 2004 season. It won one race in 2005 during Chevrolet's final season in IRL.

In 2007, the Ford name was removed from the XFE engine. The Champ Car World Series merged into the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series prior to the 2008 season. Cosworth does not currently provide engines to any American open wheel racing series.

These are 300 horsepower 2.3 L inline-four engines based on the Mazda MZR engine. A detuned (reduced power) 250 horsepower version is sold to the consumer market. This version is intended for club racers. Both engines are built by Cosworth in Torrance, California.

Cosworth is best known in Europe for its relationship with Ford. Cosworth is in the vehicle name on the high performance Ford Sierra RS Cosworth and Ford Escort RS Cosworth.
In the United States, Cosworth has also appeared in the name of a road car, the Chevrolet Vega. Only 3,508 1975 and 1976 Cosworth Vegas were built. The engine featured the Vega sleeveless, aluminum-alloy block fitted with forged components. The twin-cam, 16 valve, aluminum cylinder head design was assisted by Cosworth. The engine featured electronic ignition, electronic fuel injection, and stainless steel headers. The final US version produced 110 bhp. Cosworth's EA racing version was not successful due to engine block structural failures. Projected sales of the Cosworth Vega had been 5,000. The 1500 unused hand-built Cosworth Vega engines were simply scrapped for lack of demand.

Cosworth became involved with Mercedes-Benz in the mid-1980s. Mercedes-Benz wanted to create a Group B rally car. They turned to Cosworth to development the engine.

Mercedes wanted a 320 bhp engine based on the 136 bhp Mercedes M102 2.3 litre 4-cylinder engine. The task was given to Mike Hall, who design the famed DFV and BDA engines. Designed around the existing M102 engine, its valves set a 45° angle, rather than the 40° of the BDA. The valves were the biggest that could be fitted into the combustion chamber. Flat top pistons gave a 10.5:1 compression ratio. The new Cosworth WAA engine also was Cosworth’s first one-piece head. The camshaft carrier was cast with the head itself.

Cosworth tried to design a full Formula One Grand Prix car in 1969. The car was designed by Robin Herd. It used a new design of a 4WD transmission designed by Keith Duckworth. This transmission was different from the Ferguson transmission used by all other 4WD F1 cars of the 1960s. It was powered by a version of the DFV engine built out of magnesium. The plan was to drive the car at the British Grand Prix. Cosworth withdrew the car without any explanation. Herd left Cosworth to form March Engineering. The F1 car project was canceled. The external design of the car was Herd's use of Mallite sheeting. Mallite is a product made from layers of wood and aluminum. The Mallite was for the main structural monocoque (car body) sections. This is a procedure he developed on the first McLaren single-seat race cars, including the McLaren M2B of 1966.




Carbon tetrachloride

Carbon tetrachloride, also known as carbon tet for short or tetrachloromethane, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CCl. It contains carbon in its +4 oxidation state and chloride ions. It is a colourless heavy liquid.

It is a colorless liquid. It smells like chloroform. It evaporates quite quickly. It can dissolve fats and oils as well as other substances including iodine. It does not burn, but it does make phosgene when heated to a very high temperature.

It is made by reacting methane with chlorine. This reaction is similar to the burning of methane (reaction of methane with oxygen). Hydrogen chloride, chloromethane, dichloromethane and chloroform are byproducts (left over substances). It used to be made by reacting carbon disulfide with chlorine. This reaction would produce sulfur(I) chloride.

The uses of carbon tetrachloride have diminished lately, because it is known to be damage people's health. People think it might damage the ozone layer. Today, it is rarely used for anything.
Previously, was used in fire extinguishers. It was also used to make freon, used in dry cleaning and as a refrigerant.
Carbon tetrachloride is very poisonous to the liver, the kidneys and the nervous system; it might also cause cancer. Carbon tetrachloride converts to phosgene (an extremely poisonous gas) at very high temperatures like fire conditions. In the days when it was used as a fire extinguisher, this problem was very common and caused deaths. 



Freon

Freon is a word for certain chemical compounds, often used as refrigerants. Thomas Midgley, Jr. invented using Freon as a refrigerant. "Freon" is a registered trademark of DuPont. Freon was first used to describe chlorofluorocarbon (CFC) refrigerants, but it is now used to describe many other kinds of chemicals used as refrigerant. Refrigerants may contain carbon, chlorine, fluorine and sometimes bromine. For example, Freon 10 is carbon tetrachloride. Many kinds of freon are not toxic to animals. They also are cheap and work well. However, most refrigerants can reduce the amount of ozone from the upper atmosphere. Reducing ozone lets more ultraviolet light to come through. Too much ultraviolet light can cause skin cancer and cataracts, and can kill off plankton in the oceans. 

The chlorine part of CFC refrigerants can reduce ozone. Hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) can also damage ozone. Newer Hydrofulorocarbon (HFC) refrigerants do not have chlorine in them and do not reduce ozone in the atmosphere. Most refrigerants also increase global warming because they are powerful greenhouse gasses. These refrigerants increase global warming thousands of times more than carbon dioxide (CO).


Refrigerant

A refrigerant is a chemical substance that is found in an air conditioner, a refrigerator, and in other refrigeration equipment. Refrigerants are chosen for the ease of converting them from liquid to vapor or vice versa, depending on their temperature and pressure. Most refrigerants in their liquid state will evaporate very fast if at atmospheric pressure. They can be classed as CFC, HCFC, HFC, HC, or HFO along with less common types.

In refrigeration equipment, a refrigerant vapor is compressed by a compressor. Compression makes it hot. It enters a condenser, where it condenses into a liquid. The refrigerant then passes through a part called a metering device, or an expansion device (there are several types of this part) where the pressure is reduced to a point where the liquid begins to boil. At this point, the refrigerant is very cold and it enters an evaporator, where it absorbs heat from the air passing over it. By the time the refrigerant leaves the evaporator, it is all a vapor again, and it goes back to the compressor where the cycle begins again. This is called the refrigeration cycle. This is one example of the use of a refrigerant, in a residential air conditioning system.

Older chlorine based refrigerants such as R22 have been phased out due to ozone depletion. The chlorine molecule in them was found to be depleting the ozone molecules in the atmosphere. As a result, the Montreal Protocol has been adopted. The treaty bans the production of CFCs, halons as and other ozone-depleting chemicals such as carbon tetrachloride and trichloroethane.


2010 Canterbury earthquake

The 2010 Canterbury earthquake was a powerful 7.1 magnitude earthquake, which struck the South Island of New Zealand at 4:35 am September 4, 2010 local time (16:35 3 September UTC). 
It was centred 40 km west of Christchurch, near the town of Darfield, at a depth of 10 km. Strong aftershocks were reported, including ones of magnitude 5.3. 
The main quake was felt widely across the South Island, and in the North Island as far north as New Plymouth.

It caused a lot of damage and cut off power and water supply, mainly in the city of Christchurch. Two people were seriously injured. The quake caused damage to historic buildings in Lyttelton, near Christchurch, including a church and parts of a hotel. Businesses in the city centre were closed the day of the quake. The total cost of damages may be as high as NZ$2 billion.

A state of emergency was declared by Civil Defence for Christchurch and the Selwyn District.

New Zealand sits on the boundary between the Australian and Pacific plates. In the South Island, these plates mainly slide past each other horizontally, producing earthquakes along fault lines such as the Alpine fault. The 2010 earthquake was centred about 80–90 km to the southeast of the plate boundary through the island, probably on one of a network of smaller faults linked to the main faults that mark the plate boundary itself.

William Langland

William Langland (c. 1332 – c. 1386) was an English poet. He wrote a long and complicated poem called Piers Plowman. The poem is an allegory about the difficulty of leading a good Christian life when the institution of the Church is often corrupt.

We do not know for sure that this poem was written by Langland. The strongest evidence we have is one manuscript which says that the poem was written by 'Willielmi de Langlond', son of 'Stacy de Rokayle, who died in Shipton-under-Wichwood, a tenant of the Lord Spenser in the county of Oxfordshire'. Other manuscripts also name the author as 'Robert or William langland', or 'Wilhelmus W.' (probably an abbreviation for 'William of Wichwood', since Wychwood is the village he probably came from). Another piece of evidence is within the poem itself. At one stage the narrator says: 'I have lyved in londe...my name is longe wille'. Scholars agree that this is a code for the poet's name: Longe-Land, and Wille meaning Will, short for William. This may seem unlikely, but this method of hiding the poet's name within a poem was used in Roman times, and was quite common in late-medieval literature.

Alexandra David-Néel

Alexandra David-Néel (full name Louise Eugénie Alexandrine Marie David) born in Saint-Mandé, Val-de-Marne on 24 October 1868, and died in Digne-les-Bains, on 8 September 1969. She was a Belgian-French explorer.




Christ Church Cathedral, Oxford

Christ Church Cathedral is the cathedral of the diocese of Oxford, which includes the City of Oxford and the surrounding countryside as far north as Banbury. It is also, uniquely, the chapel of Christ Church, the largest college of the University of Oxford.

The cathedral was originally the church of St Frideswide's Priory. 
In 1522, the priory was surrendered to Cardinal Wolsey, who chose it as the site for his proposed college. However, in 1529 it was taken over by King Henry VIII. Work stopped, but in June 1532 the college was refounded by the King. In 1546, Henry VIII transferred to it from Osney Abbey to the see of Oxford. The cathedral has the name of "Ecclesia Christi Cathedralis Oxoniensis", given to it by King Henry VIII's foundation charter.

The nave, choir, central tower, and transepts (as far as the roofs) are late Norman, and were probably erected during the lifetime of Canutus, the second prior, in the 12th century. As a whole the cathedral contains examples of the various styles from late Norman to Perpendicular.

Once this was the smallest cathedral in England. But according to their website, this has changed:

Cathedral (or Christ Church) Time is traditionally five minutes behind Greenwich Mean Time. This dates back to the days before the railways when each region of the country kept to its own local time. Hence what is now called Cathedral Time is a survival of old Oxford Time. 


Tattva

Tattva is a Sanskrit word that means 'thatness', 'principle', 'reality' or 'truth'. According to many Indian schools of philosophy, a tattva is an element or aspect of reality conceived as an aspect of deity.



Mahābhūta

Mahābhūta is Sanskrit and Pāli for "great element." In Buddhism, the "four great elements" (Pali: cattāro mahābhūtāni) are earth, water, fire and air. Hinduism adds a fifth "great" or "gross" element: ether.


Cyma Zarghami

Cyma Zarghami is an Iranian-American cable television executive and the current president of the TV channel Nickelodeon and the MTV Networks' Kids & Family Group.


Coccyx

The coccyx is a set of bones that are fused together (joined up). It is found at the base of the vertebral column. This collection of bones is often called the tailbone. At birth, these bones are separate. These bones do not contain cartilage between them.

Småland

Småland is a historical province ("landskap") in southern Sweden.

Småland borders the provinces Blekinge, Scania or Skåne, Halland, Västergötland, Östergötland and the island Öland in the Baltic Sea. The name Småland literally means "Small lands". The latinized form "Smolandia" has been used in other languages. The highest summit in Småland is Tomtabacken with its 377 m.

Swedish writer Astrid Lindgren comes from Småland, and many of her stories are also set there. Famous Swedish expresseions are "Mörkaste Småland" ("Darkest Småland") and "För allt smör i Småland" ("For All Butter in Småland").

Åryd, Växjö Municipality

Åryd is a locality in Växjö Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 684 people lived there. Swedish singer and Melodifestivalen 1995 contestant Jessica G. Pilnäs was born in Åryd.

Typhoon Kompasu (2010)

Typhoon Kompasu was noticed on August 28, the United States Air Force base in Okinawa, Japan, began preparing for what was then Tropical Storm 08W. Tropical Cyclone Condition of Readiness (TCCOR) level three was issued the following morning. By August 30, forecasts showed that a strengthening storm would strike the area, possibly bringing winds in excess of . Following this, the TCCOR level was increased to two. For the first time in over three years, TCCOR level one was declared on August 31. Military personnel and residents across the island were urged to complete their preparations and remain indoors for the duration of the typhoon. During the storm's passage on August 31, the highest warning level, TCCOR One-E (emergency) was declared. Following Kompasu's passage, the emergency warning was changed to recovery as conditions improved.

Throughout Okinawa, Kompasu brought strong winds and heavy rains, leaving an estimated 32,000 residences without power. The highest rainfall total was measured in Motobu at . Winds in excess of felled a 300-year-old tree. The Sion Pine Tree was the last of its kind on the island and was once the symbol of the northern Okinawa Region. The Okuma Recreation Facility sustained substantial damage and was closed to the public for at least a week. According to United States Air Force captain Adam Vaccarezza, concrete towers fell during the storm. Although Kompasu was a strong typhoon when it passed over Okinawa, no loss of life took place; however, five people were injured. Some homes sustained roof damage across the region, prompting a few evacuations. Additionally, Kompasu resulted in the cancellation of 432 flights to and from the island chain, stranding 57,126 people.

Yu Myung-hwan

Yu Myung-hwan (born April 8, 1946) is a South Korean diplomat, he was Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade from February 2008 to September.4 2010. His resigntation was caused when his daughter was givent a job in his department . He has previously held posts including Ambassador to Israel, Japan and the Philippines. Yu is a graduate of Seoul National University.


Kosovo national football team

Kosovo national football team is the national football team of Kosovo.

Greenland national football team

Greenland national football team is the national football team of Greenland.

Gibraltar national football team

Gibraltar national football team is the national football team of Gibraltar. The team joined UEFA in May of 2013 and played their first match against Slovakia on 19 November 2013. They were also accepted into FIFA on 13 May 2016. So far, they have not qualified for any major tournament.

The Vicar of Dibley

The Vicar of Dibley is a British sitcom that was shown on BBC One between 1994 and 2007. It starred Dawn French as Geraldine Granger, the new female vicar of Dibley, Oxfordshire.

Alphaville

Alphaville is a German synthpop group which gained popularity in the 1980s. The founding members were Marian Gold (real name "Hartwig Schierbaum", born 26 May 1954 in Herford), Bernhard Lloyd (real name "Bernhard Gößling", born 6 June 1960 in Enger, North Rhine-Westphalia), and Frank Mertens (real name "Frank Sorgatz", born 26 October 1961 in Enger, North Rhine-Westphalia). 

The band was at first named Forever Young before changing to Alphaville. They are best known for their two biggest hits, "Big in Japan" and "Forever Young".

Emerald Coast

The Emerald Coast is an area in the US state of Florida on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico, roughly bounded by Pensacola, Florida on the west and Port St. Joe, Florida on the east.

List of people from Florida

This List of people from Florida includes notable people who were born, raised or lived in the state of Florida for a significant part of their lives.

Latina

Latina may refer to:


Iberian Cup

The Iberian Cup was a football game between the champions teams of Spain and Portugal. 

Chula Vista, California

Chula Vista (; , due to its scenic location between the San Diego Bay and coastal mountain foothills) is the second largest city in the San Diego metropolitan area as well as the 7th largest city in Southern California. In 2020, 275,487 people lived in Chula Vista.



According to the City's 2008 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, the top employers in the city are:

Local area freeways in within the city of Chula Vista include

East-West arterials

North-South arterials





Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious

Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious () is an English word, with 34 letters, that was a song with the same title in the Disney musical movie "Mary Poppins". The song was written by the Sherman Brothers, and sung by Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke. It also appears in the stage show version of Mary Poppins.

The writers of the "Oxford English Dictionary" think that the word "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious" was first used in the 1940s. The word is a compound word, and said by Richard Lederer in his book "Crazy English" to be made up of these words: super- "above", cali- "beauty", fragilistic- "delicate", expiali- "to atone", and -docious "educable", with all of these parts combined meaning "Atoning for educability through delicate beauty." According to the movie, in which the word became widely used, the word is "something to say when you have nothing to say". However, a lot of people think the word means "extraordinarily good" or "wonderful" because all mentions of the word in the movie can be thought of as good.


Nogales, Arizona

Nogales is a city in Santa Cruz County, Arizona, United States. The population was 19,770 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Santa Cruz County.



Mount Olivet Cemetery (Chicago)

Mount Olivet Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery in Chicago, Illinois. The cemetery is at 2755 West 111th St.

There are over 142,200 people buried at the cemetery. The cemetery is 93 acres in size. It became one of the first major area cemeteries to become full before more land was purchased on its east side.

Mount Olivet was the first burial place of Al Capone, who was put between the graves of his father and brother. A few years after his mother's death, the remains of all three men were moved to Mount Carmel Cemetery in Hillside, Illinois.


Cemeteries in Chicago:


Dominici

Dominici is a progressive metal band that started in 2005 by former Dream Theater vocalist, Charlie Dominici. Their only published works are the three albums that make up the .

Dominici also opened for three Dream Theater concerts, during Dream Theater's "Chaos in Motion Tour."



Pinball

Pinball is a type of arcade game. In pinball, the player tries to score points by manipulating one or more metal balls on a playfield inside a glass-covered case called a pinball machine. The main objective of the game is to score as many points as the player can. Other objectives are to play as long as possible (by earning "extra balls" and keeping the ball in play as long as possible) and to earn free games (known as "replays").

From the 1940s through the 1970s pinball was banned in many American cities because it was thought to be a game of chance and therefore was considered gambling. The ban stopped in New York City in 1976, when Roger Sharpe, a player renowned for his talent, played so well in front of the City Council that he convinced them that pinball was indeed a game of skill, not just of luck. 

Avebury

Avebury is the site of the largest ancient monument in Great Britain. It consists of a large henge, several stone circles, stone avenues and barrows. The main henge and stone circle surrounds the village of Avebury in the English county of Wiltshire.

Avebury is one of the finest and largest Neolithic monuments in Europe, about 5,000 years old. Although older than the megalithic stages of Stonehenge to the south, the two monuments were made by people of the same culture.

At , Avebury is roughly midway between the towns of Marlborough and Calne, just off the main A4 road. Avebury is a Scheduled Ancient Monument, a World Heritage Site, and a National Trust property.

On the World Heritage list, Avebury and Stonehenge are listed together as 'Avebury, Stonehenge and Associated Sites'. However, Stonehenge is really a different site built at a different time.

Most of the surviving structure is composed of earthworks, known as the dykes, consisting of a massive ditch and external bank henge. Although the henge is not perfectly circular, it has a diameter of about . The only known comparable sites of similar date are only a quarter of the size of Avebury. The ditch alone was 21 metres (69 ft) wide and 11 metres (36 ft) deep, with a sample from its primary fill carbon dated to 3300 - 2630 BC (4300+/-90).

Within the henge is a great outer circle. This is one of Europe's largest stone circles, with a diameter of , Britain's largest stone circle. It was either contemporary with, or built around four or five centuries after the earthworks. There were originally 98 sarsen standing stones, some weighing over 40 tons. The stones varied in height from 3.6 to 4.2 m, as exemplified at the north and south entrances. The fill from two of the stoneholes has been carbon dated to between 2900 and 2600 BC (3870+/-90, 4130+/-90)
Nearer the middle of the monument are two additional, separate stone circles. The northern inner ring is in diameter, but only two of its four standing stones remain upright. A cove of three stones stood in the middle, its entrance facing northeast. The southern inner ring was in diameter before its destruction in the eighteenth century. The remaining sections of its arc now lie beneath the village buildings. A single large monolith, high, stood in the centre along with an alignment of smaller stones.

The West Kennet Avenue, an avenue of paired stones, leads from the southeastern entrance of the henge; and traces of a second, the Beckhampton Avenue, lead out from the western entrance.

Findings of archaeological geophysics suggests that a timber circle of two concentric rings stood in the northeast sector of the outer circle. This has not yet been confirmed by excavation. A ploughed barrow is visible from the air in the northwestern quadrant.

The henge had four opposing entrances, two on a north by northwest and south by southeast line, and two on an east by northeast and west by southwest line.



Henge

A henge is a Neolithic earthwork. Henges are typical of the British Isles (for example Stonehenge), but there are a few similar structures in continental Europe.

Henges have a ring bank and ditch. They are not thought to be primarily defensive, because their ditch is inside the wall or rampart. For defence, it would seem better to have the ditch outside the bank. That way, attackers would need to climb up further. Their function is thought to be mainly ceremonial. This is discussed often in relation to Stonehenge.

Henges are divided into three types:


Carnac stones

The Carnac stones are the largest collection of megalithic standing stones in the world. The more than 3,000 prehistoric standing stones were cut from local rock and erected by the pre-Celtic people of Brittany.

The stones were erected at some stage during the Neolithic period, probably around 3300 BC, but some may be as old as 4500 BC. The stones occur in a number of Neolithic sites around the French village of Carnac, in Brittany. They include rows of stones (alignments), dolmens, tumuli and single menhirs.

In recent centuries, many of the sites have been neglected, with reports of dolmens being used as sheep shelters, chicken sheds or even ovens. Stones have been removed to make way for roads, or used as building materials. The management of the sites is a controversial topic.

There are three major groups of stone rows — "Ménec", "Kermario" and "Kerlescan" — which may have once formed a single group, but have been split up as stones were removed for other purposes.

Eleven converging rows of menhirs stretching for . There is what may be the remains of stone circles at either end. According to the tourist office there is a "cromlech containing 71 stone blocks" at the western end and a very ruined cromlech at the eastern end. The largest stones, around high, are at the wider, western end; the stones then become as small as 0.6m high along the length of the alignment before growing in height again toward the extreme eastern end.

This fan-like layout recurs a little further along to the east in the "Kermario" alignment. It consists of 1029 stones in ten columns, about in length. A stone circle to the east end, where the stones are shorter, was revealed by aerial photography.

A smaller group of 555 stones, further to the east of the other two sites. It is composed of 13 lines with a total length of about , ranging in height from to . At the extreme west, where the stones are tallest, there is a stone circle which has 39 stones. There may also be another stone circle to the north.

A much smaller group, further east again of Kerlescan, falling within the commune of La Trinité-sur-Mer. These are now set in woods, and most are covered with moss and ivy.

There are several tumuli, mounds of earth built up over a grave. In this area, they generally feature a passage leading to a central chamber which once held neolithic artefacts.
The tumulus of Saint-Michel was constructed between 5000 BC and 3400 BC. At its base it is , and is high. It required of stone and earth. Its function was the same as that of the pyramids of Egypt: a tomb for the members of the ruling class. It contained various funerary objects, such as 15 stone chests, pottery, jewellery, most of which are currently held by the Museum of Prehistory of Carnac. It was excavated in 1862 by René Galles with a series of vertical pits, digging down . Le Rouzic also excavated it between 1900 and 1907 discovering the tomb and the stone chests.

A chapel was built on top in 1663 but was rebuilt in 1813, before being destroyed in 1923. The current building is an identical reconstruction of the 1663 chapel, built in 1926. 

Also known as "Er Mané", it is a chamber tomb long, wide, and high. It has a dolmen at the west end, and two tombs at the east end. A small menhir, approximately high, is nearby. 
There are several dolmens scattered around the area. These dolmens are generally considered to have been tombs, however the acidic soil of Brittany has eroded away the bones. They were constructed with several large stones supporting a "capstone", then buried under a mound of earth. In many cases, the mound is no longer present, sometimes due to archeological excavation, and only the large stones remain, in various states of ruin.


There are some individual menhirs and at least one other formation which do not fit into the above categories.

An arrangement of stones to form the perimeter of a large rectangle. Originally a "tertre tumulus" with a central mound, it is long, and aligned to east of northeast. The quadrilateral is wide to the east, but only wide at the west.

Near the quadrilateral is a single massive menhir, now known as the "Giant". Over tall, it was re-erected around 1900 by Zacharie Le Rouzic, and overlooks the nearby Kerlescan alignment. 

Mike Douglas

Mike Douglas, born Michael Delaney Dowd, Jr. (August 11, 1920 – August 11, 2006) was an American entertainer.

Douglas was born in Chicago, Illinois, and began singing as a choirboy. He was singing on a Lake Michigan dinner cruise ship when he was a teenager. After being in the United States Navy for a short time, he moved to Los Angeles. He was on the Ginny Simms radio show. Then, he became a singer in the big band of Kay Kyser. 

In 1950, he was the singing voice of Prince Charming in Walt Disney's "Cinderella".

In the 1950s Douglas, who was living in Burbank, California, tried to keep his singing job going. He did not change to rock and roll, which shortened his chances of being a singer as big band music was becoming less popular. In the hardest years, he and his wife got by "flipping" their Los Angeles homes.

He next showed up in 1961 in Cleveland, where a Chicago friend hired him for $400 a week as an afternoon television host at WKYC-TV. "The Mike Douglas Show" quickly got popular and had national broadcasting in August 1963.

Many famous people were on the show. For example, Truman Capote, The Rolling Stones,Herman's Hermits and Kiss were on the show. The show helped show entertainers for the first time, like Barbra Streisand and Aretha Franklin. After the move to Philadelphia, Douglas tried to sing again, but it did not work work well.

By 1967, "The Mike Douglas Show" had 6,000,000 viewers each day, mostly women. It earned $10.5 million from advertisers. Douglas was paid more than $500,000. In 1967, the program got the first Emmy Award for Individual Achievement in Daytime Television from the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. Most weeks, Douglas would be joined by a co-host, like John Lennon & Yoko Ono, and Anne Baxter. The show went off the air in 1980.

He came down with prostate cancer in 1990, but after surgery he was cancer-free. Douglas died in August 11, 2006, on his 86th birthday from complications of dehydration.

His wife Genevieve, daughters Kelly and twins Michele and Christine lived after him.

Muckrakers

Muckrakers was a term for the group of people who wrote books and newspaper articles in the United States around 1900. Most of their books were about showing how bad things were in "Gilded Age" in America. Some things they wrote about were the power of big business, unclean practices in factories, and the condition of poor people. The books the Muckrakers wrote led to changes in America during the Progressive Era, such as the Pure Food and Drug Act of 1906 and the breakup of the Standard Oil company.

The following people were among the Muckrakers:


Renata Tebaldi

Renata Tebaldi (February 1, 1922 - December 19, 2004) was an Italian operatic soprano and one of the leading lyric-dramatic sopranos of the postwar period. She possessed a voice of great beauty and considerable power which she used with unfailing musicianship and style. 

Born in Pesaro, Italy, she studied first at the Parma Conservatory with Branducci and Campogaliani, and at the Pesaro Conservatory with Carmen Melis and Giuseppe Pais. She made her debut in Rovigno in 1944, as Elena in "Mefistofele".

She was chosen by conductor Arturo Toscanini to sing at the reopening of La Scala in Milan in 1946, where she sang until 1954. She also appeared at all the major opera houses of Italy. 

She then began singing abroad and made her debut at the Royal Opera House in 1950, at the Paris Opéra in 1951, and at the Metropolitan Opera in 1955, where she was to sing regularly until 1973. She also appeared in San Francisco, Buenos Aires, Rio de Janeiro, etc.

She was particularly admired in operas like Verdi's "La forza del destino", "Aida", "Otello", Puccini's "Manon Lescaut", "La bohème", "Tosca", "Madama Butterfly", Ponchielli's "La Gioconda", Boito's "Mefistofele", Giordano's "Andrea Chénier", Cilea's "Adriana Lecouvreur", Catalini's "La Wally".

Renata Tebaldi retired from the stage in 1977. She died at her home in San Marino, at the age of 82. 

The so-called rivalry between Tebaldi and soprano Maria Callas was mostly fueled by admirers of these two singers and by the press.


Lincoln Heights Jail

Lincoln Heights Jail was a jail building in Lincoln Heights. It closed in 1954. It is said to be haunted. The jail is sometimes used as a movie set. It was used to make parts of the music video for "Telephone" by Lady Gaga.


Br'er Rabbit

Br'er Rabbit (also spelled Bre'r Rabbit or Brer Rabbit or Bruh Rabbit, with the title "Br'er" ) is an important character in the Uncle Remus stories in the Southern United States. He is a tricky character, and usually wins or escapes because he is clever, not because he is strong.

Br'er Rabbit came from both African and Cherokee cultures. Disney later used the character for their "The Song of the South".

In a Cherokee story, "the fox and the wolf throw the trickster rabbit into a thicket from which the rabbit quickly escapes." There was a "melding (mixing) of the Cherokee rabbit-trickster ... into the culture of African slaves." "In fact, most of the Br'er Rabbit stories originated in (came from) Cherokee myths."


Madison County, Florida

Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida, and was formed on December 26, 1827. As of 2020, 17,968 people lived there. Its county seat is Madison.

Flag of Sweden

The flag of Sweden is a yellow cross on a blue background. It was adopted on June 22, 1906. 

Hisingen

Hisingen is an island on the west coast of Sweden. It has an area of . It is Sweden's fourth biggest island, but its most populated island. It is north of Gothenburg. Göteborg City Airport is there.

Göteborg City Airport

Gothenburg City Airport or Göteborg City Airport is an airport on Hisingen above Gothenburg, Sweden. It was opened in 1940. It is the eighth biggest airport in Sweden, after Luleå Airport.

Nebraska Cornhuskers football

The Nebraska Cornhuskers are the athletic football team of The University of Nebraska and they play in the Big 12 Conference. They will play in the Big Ten Conference at the beginning of the 2011-2012 season. The current head coach of Cornhuskers is Bo Pelini and he is in his 3rd year with them. The Cornhuskers play at Memorial Stadium, Lincoln which seats about 81,067. The Cornhuskers have won 24 bowl games. The Cornhuskers have two retired jersey numbers #60 for Tom Novak and #64 for Bob Brown.


Over-the-counter drug

Over-the-counter drugs (OTC) are drugs that do not need a prescription to be bought. When they are properly used, these drugs do not put the health of the patient in danger. Many OTC drug ingredients which were prescription drugs are now considered safe enough for use without a prescription. In many countries, there are special government agencies that regulate OTC drugs, such as the Food and Drug Administration and the Drug Enforcement Administration in the United States. Certain drugs are classified as over-the counter drugs, but may only be given by a pharmacist. This is often the case with emergency contraception medicine. It may also be the case that a small packet of a certain drug is available over the counter, but that larger packets require a prescription.


Fabian Washington

Fabian Washington (born June 9, 1983 in Bradenton, Florida) is an American former professional football cornerback. He played a total of 6 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Oakland Raiders and Baltimore Ravens. Washington was drafted out of the University of Nebraska by the Baltimore Ravens with the 23rd pick in the first round of the 2005 NFL Draft. 

On July 31, 2011, he signed a contract with the New Orleans Saints. On September 1, 2011, Washington suffered a hamstring injury and was placed on injured reserve. He was released from the New Orleans Saints practice squad on September 13, 2011.


Heart of Neolithic Orkney

Heart of Neolithic Orkney refers to a group of Neolithic monuments found on Mainland, one of the islands of Orkney, Scotland. The name was adopted by UNESCO when it proclaimed these sites as a World Heritage Site in 1999.

There are five sites on Mainland:


Acrostic

An acrostic is a poem or other form of writing. In an acrostic, the first letter, syllable, or word of every line, paragraph, or other feature spells out a word or a message. It can be used to remember things. For example, Edgar Allan Poe wrote an acrostic poem in English:

<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Elizabeth it is in vain you say
"Love not" — thou sayest it in so sweet a way:
In vain those words from thee or L.E.L.
Zantippe's talents had enforced so well:
Ah! if that language from thy heart arise,
Breath it less gently forth — and veil thine eyes.
Endymion, recollect, when Luna tried
To cure his love — was cured of all beside —
His follie — pride — and passion — for he died.
</poem>

The first letters of each line (E, L, I, Z, A, B, E, T, H) spell out "Elizabeth".

List of literary terms

List of literary terms: in alphabetical order.
An abecedarius is an acrostic where the first letter of every word or verse follows the order of the alphabet. For example, in the sentence A 

A form of writing where the first letter of each line, paragraph, or verse spells out a word or a message.

A story or picture with two or more different meanings – a literal meaning and one or more symbolic meanings. The setting, characters, and things that happen inside an allegory are symbols for ideas or qualities.

The repeating of consonant sounds. The repetition can be put side by side (for example, ""sleepy sun sank slowly over the sea")."

A figure of speech which refers indirectly to a situation, and leaves the reader (or audience) to make the connection.

New words, ideas, or pronunciations become like the pattern of older or more familiar ones. Comparing two different things. The purpose of an analogy is to describe something unfamiliar or new with something that is more familiar.

The character who the main character has the most conflict with. The antagonist is not always a person or animal, however: for example, the main character could have the most conflict against nature.

A short and humorous (funny) story about a real event or person.

A protagonist who does not have many heroic qualities. For example, Tom Jones in Henry Fielding's book "Tom Jones" is an antihero. Sometimes antagonists who are surprisingly likable are called antiheroes, too.

A word that is the opposite of another. (example: Love,Hate).

The good example, pattern, blueprint, or model of a type or group. All other things of the same kind are made from this.

The conversation or discourse in which the writer logically presents an argument. It sometimes has the same meaning as persuasion.

In a play, an aside is a speech that the actor says in a way that the other characters are supposed not to hear it. It usually shows the person's inner thoughts. Similar to the function of the ancient Greek chorus.

A non-fiction story that describes ones life, written by the person themselves.

A group of people that experience a work of art or literature.

A song or poem that tells a story in short stanzas and repeated simple words.

A poet hired by a patron such as a ruler or nobleman to write or sing about the patron's ancestors and to praise the patron's own works.

A form of nonfiction in which a writer tells the life story of a different person.

Poetry that does not rhyme. Most of Shakespeare's plays are in blank verse. Milton's "Paradise Lost" is also written in blank verse.

Latin expression which means "seize the day". Literary works with a carpe diem theme are about seizing the moment because life is uncertain. "Do it now" is the sense of the phrase.

A person or an animal who is part of the action of a literary work. The "main character" is the one the work focuses on. The person with whom the main character has the most conflict is the "antagonist". They are the enemy of the main character, who is usually called a "protagonist".

Characterization is the manner in which an author develops characters and their personalities. Characters can be presented by description. They can also be presented through their speech, thoughts, or actions.

A way of thinking in literature and other arts which especially focuses on the importance of reason, balance, clearness and neat, orderly form, like the arts of Greece and Rome.

A struggle between two forces against each other. It can be internal or external. When a conflict happens inside a character, it is called "internal conflict". For example, in Charlotte Brontë's novel "Jane Eyre", Jane is asking herself whether she should live with Mr. Rochester, whom she loves, or if she should go away. An "external conflict" is usually a conflict that is easy to see, happening between the protagonist and antagonist. Conflict is one of the most important elements of narrative literature.

Two statements that do not seem to agree with one another. "I heard a soundless shout" is a contradiction.

The opposite of denotation, refers to an "associated" meaning or feeling of a word or expression. 

The moment or event in the plot where it is or he/she is in stress. Here, the main character usually "wins" or "loses". After the climax, there is a "denouement" (falling action).

The real, direct meaning of a word, like a "dictionary definition". For example, the word "dog" "denotes" a mammal from the family Canidae with four legs that is often kept as a pet.

Looking at and thinking about opinions or ideas logically, often by questions and answers.

Using material that is not related to the subject of the work. Henry Fielding often used digression in his novels.

A story written to be performed by actors. The person who writes the play writes dialogue for the characters to speak and directions for costumes, lighting, setting, and the character's movements.

A poem or speech in which an imaginary character speaks to a silent listener.

A solemn, formal poem about death, often for a dead person or thing. It often begins with "In Memory of..."

Ellipses are used often in everyday life as well as in literature. They usually look like this (...). It is usually used in leaving out or not using words.

An epic is a long narrative poem. The subject is usually serious, like something that was an important influence to a culture or nation.

A sentence, quotation, or poem that is put at the beginning of a written work.

A piece of writing at the end of a work of literature, especially in drama. It is usually different from the whole work and is used to end it.

A short nonfiction work about a special subject from the writer's point of view. "Essay" comes from the Old French word "essai", meaning "a trial, try, or attempt".

Foreshadowing is a literary device by which an author hints what is to come. It is used to avoid disappointment, and sometimes used to arouse readers

Genre is the different types of categories for reading like horror, fantasy,and mystery

A figure of speech that uses an incredible exaggeration or overstatement, for effect.

A short poem about simple everyday life, sometimes written in a pastoral (about shepherd life) or sentimental style.

Imagery is strong describing language which helps us use our senses and memory when we read.

Irony means to say something while meaning a different, contradictory thing.

Ji-amari uses one or more extra syllables than the usual 5/7 outline in Japanese poetry formats of waka and haiku.

Jitarazu uses less syllables than the usual 5/7 outline in Japanese poetry formats of waka and haiku.

Kigo is a term of Japanese poetry meaning the requirement of using a seasonal word or phrase in haiku and renku.

Lyric is short and formal sing-song like poem that expresses moods and feelings.

A plot means the events that make up a story. It is important how the events connect to each other. The path of the way the events connect make up the plot of a story or book.

Stan Baluik

Stanley Baliuk (born October 5, 1935 in Port Arthur, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre and professional golfer.

In hockey, Baliuk played from 1954 to 1964 in the Ontario Hockey Association, Quebec Hockey League, Western Hockey League, American Hockey League, and National Hockey League. He won the Dudley "Red" Garrett Memorial Award as Rookie of the Year while playing with the Providence Reds of the AHL in 1959-60. He played in 7 games for the Boston Bruins in the NHL during the 1959-60 season.

In golf, Bailuk turned professional in 1955 and was club pro at the Fort William Country Club in Fort William, Ontario during the hockey off-season. In 1963, he accepted a position at the Kirkbrae Country Club in Lincoln, Rhode Island where he continues to work. He won several amateur and professional tournaments in Canada and New England, including the 1965 Vermont Open and the 1971 Rhode Island Open.


St Kilda

St Kilda is a small archipelago of Hebridean islands. It is northwest of the coast of Scotland. The islands are a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

St Kilda has large seabird colonies. The island has the largest colony of North Atlantic gannets in the world.

It is known that people have lived on St Kilda for over 2000 years. The entire population was evacuated from the island in 1930. St Kilda was given to the National Trust for Scotland in 1957.

In the 21st century, the only year-round residents are defence personnel. Many conservation workers, volunteers and scientists spend time on the islands in the summer months.

St Kilda became a National Nature Reserves (NNR) in 1957. It is one of 71 NNRs in Scotland. In 2004, the NNR was expanded. The nearby marine features were added. The islands were also added.

In July 2005, it became one of the few World Heritage Sites to have a "mixed" status for its natural and cultural qualities. They are also a National Scenic Area.



Barton Bradley

Barton William "Bart" Bradley (July 29, 1930 – September 16, 2006) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre.

Bradley played junior hockey in the Thunder Bay Junior Hockey League for the Port Arthur West End Bruins from 1946 to 1949, winning the playoff championship in 1948 and 1949 as well as the 1948 Memorial Cup. He turned pro in 1949 and signed with the American Hockey League's Hershey Bears, but was called up to play one game for the Boston Bruins, which turned out to be his only game in the National Hockey League. He spent time in the United States Hockey League for the Tulsa Oilers and the Pacific Coast Hockey League with the Tacoma Rockets followed by a seven-year tenure in the Western Hockey League, beginning with the Rockets who only lasted one season. He then spent time with the Seattle Bombers, New Westminster Royals, Victoria Cougars and the Seattle Americans.

In 1957, Bradley began playing senior hockey, beginning with two seasons with the Belleville McFarlands. He also played for the Port Arthur Bearcats and the Fort William Beavers before officially retiring in 1966.


Rick Bragnalo

Richard James Bragnalo (born December 1, 1951 in Fort William, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey centre.

Signed by the Washington Capitals as a free agent in 1976, Bragnalo played parts of four seasons for the Capitals. After playing a few years in the minors, Bragnalo moved onto playing hockey in Italy with the team of the Val Pusteria Wolves, former EV Bruneck. He signed for HC Milano Saima in 1990, scoring the goal that permitted Milano to win the league in 1990/91. He retired in 1992.


Celestial navigation

Celestial navigation is a method of navigation where a person figures out their location and direction using the stars in the night sky. It has been used by sailors to help them find their way in the night. They look for familiar stars or constellations, which will help them find their way. 

Celestial navigation involves comparing the angle of certain stars to other stars and how high they are above the Earth's horizon. By doing this, a person can find their longitude.

Bizaar

Bizaar is the sixth studio album by American horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It is part of the "Bizaar Bizzar" double album. It was released on the same day as "Bizzar". It was released on October 31, 2000. The producers of the album were Mike E. Clark. While on the Howard Stern show, ICP talked with Sharon Osbourne who bet $50,000 they could not sell more than 200,000 copies, and that it would be subsequently dropped from its distributor. Violent J predicted that the group's next album would sell at least 500,000 units and they sold 400,000 units but Sharon never paid them. They left Island Records after "Bizaar" and "Bizzar" because their contract expired.

Hokus Pokus (Insane Clown Posse song)

"Hokus Pokus" is a 1997 midwest hip hop song by the American Horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse and is the third single from their fourth studio album "The Great Milenko", which was released in 1997. The song was produced by Mike Clark.

The song also featured a remix that Insane Clown Posse titled "Hokus Pokus (Headhunta'z Remix)" and there are also two other versions of the song a red cover and a green cover which are both featured on the rarities album, "Forgotten Freshness Volumes 1 & 2".

Ken Brown

Kenneth Murray Brown (born December 19, 1948 in Port Arthur, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender. Despite winning the CMJHL Goaltender of the Year and being on the CMJHL First All-Star Team in 1967, Brown went undrafted coming out of junior, so he signed a free agent contract with the Dallas Black Hawks of the CHL, the Chicago Black Hawks minor league affiliate. He played one game with Chicago, where he was behind Tony Esposito and Gerry Desjardins on the depth chart, and this was his only time game in the National Hockey League. He was selected by Calgary-Cleveland in the 1972 WHA General Player Draft, although his rights were traded to the Alberta/Edmonton Oilers for cash. Brown won 21 games over two seasons as the backup to Jacques Plante.


David Bruce

David Bruce (born October 7, 1964 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played for the Vancouver Canucks, St. Louis Blues, and San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Vindolanda

Vindolanda was a Roman fort at Chesterholm, just south of Hadrian's Wall in northern England. Near the modern border with Scotland, it guarded the Stanegate, the Roman road from the River Tyne to the Solway Firth. It is noted for the Vindolanda tablets, one of the most important find of military and private correspondence (written on wooden tablets) found anywhere in the Roman Empire.

The Vindolanda tablets are fragments of wooden leaf-tablets with writing in carbon-based ink. They were found at Vindolanda in northern England. The tablets date from the first and second centuries AD, which makes them roughly contemporary with Hadrian's Wall, which is near Vindolanda. The tablets contain messages to and from members of the garrison of Vindolanda, their families, and their slaves. Similar records on papyrus were known from elsewhere in the Roman Empire, but wooden tablets had not been recovered until archaeologist Robin Birley discovered them at Vindolanda in 1973. Pages have since been found at Carlisle in Cumbria, and continue to be found at Vindolanda.

Most of the tablets are official military documents. However, the best-known document is perhaps Tablet 291, written around 100 AD from Claudia Severa, the wife of the commander of a nearby fort, to Sulpicia Lepidina, wife of the commandant of Vindolanda, inviting her to a birthday party. The invitation is one of the earliest known examples of writing in Latin by a woman. It has even been claimed that this is the earliest surviving letter known to be written by a woman in any language. 

The tablets are written in Roman cursive script (joined-up writing). One of the tablets confirms that Roman soldiers wore underpants ("subligaria"), and also testifies to a high degree of literacy in the Roman army.

The tablets do not throw much light on the native Celts, but there are references. Until the discovery of the tablets, historians could only speculate on whether the Romans had a nickname for the Britons. "Brittunculi" ('little Britons') found on one of the Vindolanda tablets, is now known to be a derogatory, or patronizing, term used by the Roman garrisons to describe the locals.

The tablets are on display in the British Museum. They are regarded by the Museum as one of its 'top ten British treasures'.

The garrison were auxiliaries, Roman infantry or cavalry units, not parts of Roman legions. From the early third century AD onwards, this was the Fourth Cohort of Gauls. An inscription found in recent excavations suggests that native Gauls were in the regiment, and that they liked to distinguish themselves from British soldiers. The inscription reads:
A free translation would be "The troops from Gaul dedicate this statue to the goddess Gallia with the full support of the British-born troops".

In 1970, the Vindolanda Trust, a registered charity, was founded by Anthony Birley to administer the site and its museum. In 1997, the Trust took over the running of the Roman Army Museum at Carvoran, another Hadrian's Wall fort, which it had acquired in 1972.

Reincarnation research

Psychiatrist Ian Stevenson, from the University of Virginia, interviewed young children who claimed to remember a past life. He did more than 2,500 interviews over a period of 40 years and wrote twelve books, including "Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation". 

Stevenson found that childhood memories possibly related to reincarnation normally occurred between the ages of three and seven years. He compared the memories with reports of people known to the deceased, attempting to do so before any contact between the child and the deceased's family had occurred. 

Some 35 per cent of the children examined by Stevenson had birthmarks or birth defects. Stevenson believed that the existence of birth marks and deformities on children, when they occurred at the location of fatal wounds in the deceased, provided the best evidence for reincarnation. However, Stevenson has never claimed that he had proved the existence of reincarnation, and cautiously referred to his cases as being "of the reincarnation type" or "suggestive of reincarnation". 

Stevenson retired in 2002, and psychiatrist Jim B. Tucker took over his work, and wrote "Life Before Life: A Scientific Investigation of Children’s Memories of Previous Lives".


Jim B. Tucker

Jim B. Tucker is medical director of the Child and Family Psychiatric Clinic, and associate professor at the Division of Perceptual Studies, at the University of Virginia. His main research interests are reincarnation research, and prenatal and birth memories. Tucker, a child psychiatrist, worked for several years on this research with Ian Stevenson before taking over upon Stevenson’s retirement in 2002. Tucker is the author of "Life Before Life: A Scientific Investigation of Children’s Memories of Previous Lives". He has been interviewed about reincarnation in print and broadcast media in the United States, United Kingdom, and Canada.



Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation

Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation is a 1974 book written by psychiatrist Ian Stevenson on reincarnation research. The book focuses on twenty cases investigated by the author. It has been translated into seven foreign languages.

Reviews of "Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation" have been published in the "American Journal of Psychiatry", "British Journal of Psychiatry", "British Journal of Medical Psychology", "Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease" and some other journals.

Angiography

Angiography or arteriography is the name for several imaging techniques to show the inside of blood vessels. These techniques include:

Monk parakeet

The Monk parakeet, Quaker parrot, or Seatowerian Budgerigar (binomial name Myiopsitta monachus) is a species of parrot of the true parrots family. It lives in Argentina and the countries around South America. The bird is also known for passing one of its tail feathers through its bill to reconnect the barbules. This locking process is similar to pressing Velcro strips together.

The parakeet is on average 29 cm long, with a 48 cm wingspan, and weighs 100 g. Females tend to be 10-20% smaller, but it is hard to tell the sexes apart, unless they test the feather or blood DNA. It has bright green upperparts. The forehead and breast are pale grey. The bill is orange, and when it calls, it makes a loud and throaty "chape(-yee)" or "quak quaki quak-wi quarr". Sometimes, it also screeches, "skveet".

Domestic kinds of Monk parakeets may have different colors such as white, blue, and yellow instead of green.

Monk parakeets are very intelligent and social birds. When they are kept as pets, they can memorize large vocabularies. They are also able to learn many words and phrases.


Silicon oxide

Silicon oxide may be either of the following:


Jean Cocteau

Jean Cocteau (Jean Maurice Eugène Clément Cocteau, 5 July 1889 – 11 October 1963) was a French artist, poet, novelist, dramatist, designer, boxing manager, playwright, moviemaker and actor.

Cocteau wrote or worked on 21 stage performances, some of which were ballets, and some were plays. Cocteau's movies, most of which he both wrote and directed, were particularly important in introducing the avant-garde into French cinema and influenced the upcoming French New Wave genre.

He also worked with Pablo Picasso on several projects and was friends with most of the European art community. In all his creative work, he was a modernist.

In 1955, Cocteau was made a member of the "Académie Française" and The Royal Academy of Belgium. During his life Cocteau was made a Commander of the "Légion d'honneur".

Cocteau was bisexual. His circle of associates, friends and lovers included Pablo Picasso, Jean Hugo, Jean Marais, Henri Bernstein, Marlene Dietrich, Coco Chanel, Erik Satie, María Félix, Édith Piaf (whom he cast in one of his one-act plays entitled "Le Bel Indifferent" in 1940), and Raymond Radiguet.

In the 1930s, Cocteau had an affair with Princess Natalie Paley, the beautiful daughter of a Romanov grand duke. She became pregnant. To Cocteau's distress and Paley's life-long regret, the foetus was aborted. Cocteau's longest-lasting relationships were with the French actors Jean Marais (who played 'tough guy' roles in movies and TV), and Édouard Dermit, whom Cocteau formally adopted. Cocteau cast Marais in four of his movies.

At times, Cocteau was addicted to opium.

Biographer James S. Williams describes Cocteau's politics as "naturally right-leaning". In his diary, Cocteau accused France of disrespect towards Hitler and speculated on the Führer's sexuality. His views became known, and he was arraigned on charges of collaboration after the war. He was cleared of any wrongdoing: it turned out that he had used his contacts to try and save friends from the Nazis.

Cocteau died of a heart attack in Milly-la-Foret, Essonne.

Cocteau wrote or worked on 21 stage performances, some of which were ballets, and some were plays.

He was involved in Diaghilev's "Ballets Russes" from the first season in Paris, 1909. He wrote scenarios ("librettos") for Fokine's "Le Dieu Blue" in 1912, Massine's "Parade" in 1917 and Nijinska's "Le Train Bleu" in 1924. He also design company posters, and worked for several other ballet companies. He wrote many articles on dance, and made sketches of many in Diaghilev's circle.

In 1940, "Le Bel Indifférent", Cocteau's play written for and starring Édith Piaf, was enormously successful.

Cocteau directed eleven movies in "avant-gard" style, wrote scripts for six movies and dialogue for three, and directed the photography for one more. Some of his most well-known were "Blood of a Poet" (1930), "Les Parents terribles" (1948), and "Orpheus" (1949).

Cocteau wrote extensively. including poetry. All of it is in French, but some is available in translation.

Cocteau wrote five novels. The most important of these was probably "Les Enfants terribles" (1929). He also published 23 books or pamphlets of original poetry, and 26 volumes of poetic criticism and collections. He illustrated 12 works of poetry. He made a number of recordings, mostly spoken poems.


Ron Busniuk

Ronald Edward Busniuk (born August 13, 1948 in Fort William, Ontario), is a Canadian hockey player. He played NCAA hockey at the University of Minnesota Duluth and was an All-American his senior year. After graduation, he played in the AHL with the Nova Scotia Voyageurs and the Cincinnati Swords. He took First Team AHL All-Star honors. Bosniuk played most of his career in the WHA with the Minnesota Fighting Saints, New England Whalers and Edmonton Oilers. He played only 6 NHL games, all with the Buffalo Sabres. 

After retiring as a player, Busniuk became a coach. He led the Thunder Bay Twins Senior Hockey Team to two consecutive championships in the 1980s. He was later inducted into the Northern Ontario Sports Hall of Fame and the University of Minnesota Duluth Athletic Hall of Fame. 

He is the older brother of Mike Busniuk of the Philadelphia Flyers.


Samantha Cameron

Samantha Gwendoline Cameron, Baroness Cameron of Chipping Norton ("née" Sheffield; born 18 April 1971) is a British businesswoman. She is the wife of David Cameron, who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 2010 to 2016.

Until 13 May 2010, Cameron was the Creative Director of Smythson of Bond Street.

Larry Cahan

Lawrence Louis Henry "Hank" Cahan (December 25, 1933 – June 25, 1992) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played in several Canadian and U.S. teams, including Fort William Hurricanes, Toronto Maple Leafs, Pittsburgh Hornets, New York Rangers, Vancouver Canucks, Baltimore Clippers, Los Angeles Kings and Chicago Cougars.

Cahan was born in Fort William, Ontario. His career as a player began in 1949 and ended in 1974.

On January 13, 1968, Cahan, playing with the Oakland Seals against the Minnesota North Stars, was involved in the accident that caused the death of Bill Masterton.

Şehrazat

Şehrazat Kemalî Söylemezoğlu (born September 3, 1952), known by her stage name Şehrazat or Şehro, is a well-known Turkish television personality, composer, songwriter, producer, and singer.

Water music

Water music can refer to different pieces of music:

Sodium azide

Sodium azide, also known as sodium trinitride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaN. 

It is a white crystalline solid. It is an explosive. It can be detonated by an electric spark. It contains sodium and azide ions. It reacts with acids to produce hydrazoic acid. It can be destroyed by reacting it with nitrous acid. This reaction produces nitric oxide, nitrogen, and sodium hydroxide. It is a powerful reducing agent, which makes it explosive. It contains nitrogen in its -/ oxidation state.

It is made by reacting ammonia with sodium to make sodium amide. The sodium amide then reacts with nitrous oxide to make sodium azide. It can also be made by reacting sodium nitrate with sodium amide. Another process is reacting sodium nitrite with hydrazine.

It is used in airbags. It makes the airbags puff out. A computer detects that the car is crashing and ignites the sodium azide. This makes sodium metal and a lot of nitrogen gas. The nitrogen gas inflates the airbag. It can be used to make other explosives, such as lead azide. 

Sodium azide is very toxic. It reacts with acids to make the explosive hydrazoic acid, which also is a very toxic gas. It is similar to cyanide poisoning. It attacks the respiratory system and the circulatory system.


Hydrazine

Hydrazine, also known as diazine, is a chemical compound. It is composed of nitrogen and hydrogen ions. Its chemical formula is NH. It contains hydrogen in its +1 and nitrogen in its -2 oxidation state.

It is a colorless liquid. It smells like ammonia, but it is more reactive than ammonia. It is a strong reducing agent. It is explosive. It can mix with water. It is a base similar to ammonia. 

It is made by reacting sodium hypochlorite with liquid (not household) ammonia. If it is reacted with household ammonia, toxic fumes will be released. It can be made by reacting urea with sodium hypochlorite. 

It is used to make foam. It is also used in rocket fuels. It can be used in fuel cells. It is used to make sodium azide by reacting sodium amide with sodium nitrite.


Azide

Azide, also known as trinitride, is an ion. It is formed when hydrazoic acid is deprotonated. It is a powerful reducing agent. Its chemical formula is N. The most common azide is sodium azide. Many azides are explosive and very toxic. 


Hydrazoic acid

Hydrazoic acid is a chemical compound. (It is similar to hydrogen azide, which is the gas form. Hydrazoic acid is hydrogen azide dissolved in water.) Its chemical formula is HN. It contains hydrogen and azide ions. 

Hydrazoic acid is very explosive. It is a powerful reducing agent. It is used to make other azides. It has an unpleasant smell. 

It can be made by reacting sodium azide with an acid. It can be made pure by distillation. 

It does not have many uses, because it is very explosive and toxic.

Hydrazoic acid is extremely toxic, even more toxic than sodium azide. It can make very bad headaches. It has a bad odor. It does not accumulate in the body. Once again, It is dangerous to drink!


Sodium nitrite

Sodium nitrite is a chemical compound. It contains sodium and nitrite ions. Its chemical formula is NaNO.

It is a white or yellowish crystalline compound. It is a strong oxidizing agent, being reduced to nitrogen. It is also a weak reducing agent, being oxidized to nitrate. It contains nitrogen in its +3 oxidation state. It is toxic in large amounts.

It is found in some vegetables. It is also found in some meat in small amounts. Otherwise, it is manmade.

It is used in meat like ham to preserve it. The nitrites are disinfecting, which helps preserve the meat. Almost all processed meat (like cold cuts, hot dogs) contains nitrites. Some people get headaches when they eat nitrites. These headaches have been named "hot dog headaches". It is used to make other chemicals and to get rid of sodium azide. It also can be used when someone is poisoned by cyanide. 

Nitrites can form toxic chemicals when heated. These toxic chemicals are carcinogens, which means they can cause cancer. That is why some people do not want nitrites in foods. Others say that because nitrites kill bacteria, they should be included in foods. Sodium nitrite used in food is colored bright pink so it is not mistaken for salt or sugar.


Nitrite

Nitrite is an ion. Its chemical formula is NO. It contains nitrogen in its +3 oxidation state. Nitrites are normally strong oxidizing agents. Most of them are colorless crystalline compounds. Sodium nitrite is a common nitrite. They are also weak reducing agents, being oxidized to nitrates (NO).


Lithium nitride

Lithium nitride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiN. It contains lithium and nitride ions. 

Lithium nitride is a red or purple solid. It reacts with water to make lithium hydroxide and ammonia. It is the only alkali metal nitride that is stable. It is a very strong base. It reacts with hydrogen to make lithium hydride and lithium amide. 

It is made by reacting lithium with nitrogen. This is unusual because almost no other elements react with nitrogen at room temperature like lithium. It can also be made by reacting nitrogen with lithium dissolved in sodium.

It can be used to store hydrogen. It can also be used as a source of the nitride ion.

Lithium nitride is toxic and corrosive. It releases ammonia when put in water.


Nitrous acid

Nitrous acid is a chemical compound. It is a weak acid. Its chemical formula is HNO. It is unstable. It is made by reacting a strong acid with sodium nitrite. It is a light blue solution. It breaks down to make nitric oxide, nitrogen dioxide, and water when it is concentrated. Nitrogen dioxide can be reacted with water to make a mixture of nitrous acid and nitric acid. It is used to make chemicals.


Arteriosclerosis

Arteriosclerosis is a diseased condition of the arteries. The artery walls are thickened, hardened and lose stretchiness, called elasticity.

There are three main types:

The effects of arteriosclerosis can lead to lack of regular blood flow. Low blood flow to the brain can make you dizzy, numb, have slurred speech, and have other symptoms. Thromboses can further block the blood flow. This causes you to be at risk of getting stroke, or a heart attack.

Arteriosclerosis is a major health problem. Arteriosclerosis can be prevented by reducing risks. Risks are smoking, obesity, and low amounts of exercise. Doctors recommend dieting and exercise. Diets that are low in cholesterol and saturated fats. Some patients may take drugs that lower the amount of cholesterol in their blood.

Indian Grand Prix

The Indian Grand Prix is the 17st race of the FIA Formula One World Championship racing calendar in 2011, following the cancellation of the season opener in Bahrain. It is scheduled to take place at the Buddh International Circuit on 30 October 2011 in Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh in India. It is subject to approval of the circuit.

Starting in 1997, there have been plans to host an Indian Grand Prix at Calcutta. In 2003, India had only two permanent raceways. One in Chennai (Irungattukottai), and Kari Memorial Speedway in Coimbatore. Two sites in the area of the Bangalore airport were consired. In the state Andhra Pradesh, land near the airport at Hyderabad were set aside. In December 2003, an seven-year preliminary agreement to host the GP in Hyderabad in 2007 was signed. The track was to be build near Gopanapally village, near the outskirts of Hyderabad. In 2004 pressure came from Mumbai, to shift the track from Hyderabad to Mumbai.

F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone expected India to host a Grand Prix within three years. He wanted a locating at either Hyderabad or Mumbai. Both projects then were declared 'dead' when Mumbai's government decided "not to waste money on car fumes while there are more serious issues".

As of 2007, five locations remained in the running for hosting the Indian Grand Prix: Bangalore, the Gurgaon district district in the state Haryana, a permanent track somewhere near New Delhi, a street circuit in New Delhi, as proposed by Vijay Mallya., and a site in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh.

In June 2007, the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) and Bernie Ecclestone announced a provisional agreement for India to host its first Grand Prix in the 2009 F1 season. The track would be built in the Gurgaon, on recommendation by architect Hermann Tilke.

In September 2007 the IOA announced that the debut race would take place in 2010 on the Jaypee Group Circuit in Greater Noida. In September 2008, Bernie Ecclestone announced that the Indian Grand Prix has been delayed to 2011.

On 8 September, 2010, the FIA announced the schedule. The Indian Grand Prix was on the schedule. It was scheduled as the 18th race of a 20 race schedule. Before the season started, the Bahrain Grand Prix, scheduled for 13 March, was called off due to the political unrest in the country.

On 3 June, the FIA’s World Motor Sport Council announced that the Bahrain Grand Prix would be added back to the schedule. The Bahrain GP was to be held on 30 October, the original date of the Indian Grand Prix. The Indian GP would have been moved to the end of the schedule. The race teams objected to adding the Bahrain GP back to the schedule. It was removed again, and the Indian GP was set to run on the original date of 30 October.

In April, 2011, the circuit was renamed to the Buddh International Circuit

The race will be held at the Buddh International Circuit in Greater Noida, 50 km from Delhi. The circuit will be roughly 5.5 kilometres (3.1 miles) and will be designed by F1 circuit designer Hermann Tilke. The 10-year contract for the race has been given to the Indian construction company Jaiprakash Associates.

There have been a lot of infrastructure developments in Delhi for the 2010 Commonwealth Games. There has been no direct funding provided for an Indian Grand Prix. According to experts, the benefits of India joining the F1 calendar are clear. The hotel and tourism industry get an immediate boost, and the country's profile would get a lift. Experts are also that once the Indian Grand Prix starts, it could generate $170 million in revenue and employ as many as 10,000 people. There will also be opportunities for advertising between manufacturers and F1.


All Indian Grands Prix were held at Buddh International Circuit. A pink background indicates an non-champhionship event in Formula One.
Leading businessman Vijay Mallya said after signing a sponsorship agreement between his Kingfisher Airlines and the Force India team that he was confident the sport would come to the subcontinent. "It has always been my dream to bring Formula One to India," he told a news conference on the sidelines of the launch of Force India's car in . "The government of Delhi I think really wants Formula One in India and I am optimistic that maybe we will be able to host our first race in 2009."

Both the Motorsports Association of India and the Federation of Motorsports Clubs of India (FMSCI) have their doubts. FMSCI president, Rajat Mazumbar, has said that "The only authorized body that can run motorsports in the country is ours" despite the fact the deal has been signed with the Indian Olympic Association.

Increased awareness has led to the popularity of merchandise, Formula 1 tickets, and race tours to F1 destinations.


Georges Braque

Georges Braque (Argenteuil, 13 May 1882 – Paris, 31 August 1963) was a major 20th century French painter, collagist, printmaker and sculptor who, with Pablo Picasso, developed the art movement known as Cubism.

French art critic Louis Vauxcelles first used the term "Cubism", or "bizarre cubiques", in 1908 after seeing a picture by Braque. He described it as 'full of little cubes', after which the term quickly gained wide use. Art historian Ernst Gombrich described cubism as "the most radical attempt to stamp out ambiguity, and to enforce one reading of the picture – that of a man-made construction, a colored canvas". The Cubist movement spread quickly throughout Paris and Europe.

A major idea of Braque's was the fractured stringed instrument as a cubist model. This he painted a number of times with variations, and made sculptures with fractured violins, guitars, etc., inside transparent acrylic (perspex) blocks. Examples:



Vaslav Nijinsky

Vaslav Nijinsky (Kiev, Ukraine, 12 March 1890–London, England, 8 April 1950) was the most famous male ballet dancer of the early 20th century, and an important choreographer. He was born to Polish parents, both of whom were dancers.

Nijinsky was famous for his dancing ability, and of his ability to show the character of the part he was playing. He could dance "en pointe", a rare skill among male dancers at the time. His ability to perform seemingly gravity-defying leaps was legendary. The ballerina and choreographer Bronislava Nijinska was his sister. They both danced for the Imperial Ballet at the Mariinsky Theatre, and later for the Ballets Russes of Serge Diaghilev.

In 1900 Nijinsky joined the Imperial Ballet School at St Petersburg, where he studied under great trainers such as Enrico Cecchetti. At 18 he was given a string of leads. In 1910, the company's "prima ballerina assoluta" Mathilde Kschessinska selected Nijinsky to dance in a revival of Marius Petipa's "Le Talisman". Nijinsky created a sensation in the role of the Wind God Vayou.

His performance in "The Sleeping Beauty" (music by Tchaikovsky) was a tremendous success. In 1910 he performed in "Giselle", and Fokine's ballets "Carnaval" and "Scheherazade" (based on the orchestral suite by Rimsky-Korsakov). His partnership with Tamara Karsavina, in the Mariinsky Theatre, was highly praised: they were called the "most exemplary artists of the time".

A turning point for Nijinsky was his meeting Sergei Diaghilev. Diaghilev was a celebrated entrepreneur (organiser) of ballet and art exhibitions, who promoted Russian visual and musical art abroad. From that moment on, Diaghilev directed and managed Nijinsky's career, and they became lovers.

In 1909 Diaghilev took a company of Russian opera and ballet stars to Paris, featuring Nijinsky and Anna Pavlova. The season of colourful Russian ballets and operas, works mostly new to the West, was a great success. It led Diaghilev to create his famous company "Les Ballets Russes" with choreographer Michel Fokine and designer Léon Bakst. The Paris seasons of the Ballets Russes were an artistic and social sensation; setting trends in art, dance, music and fashion for the next decade.

Nijinsky also choreographed ballets. They were avant-garde and controversial. His ballets were "L'après-midi d'un faune" ("The Afternoon of a Faun", based on Claude Debussy's music) (1912), "The Rite of Spring" (1913), "Jeux" (1913) and "Till Eulanspiegel" (1916).

In "The Rite of Spring" ("Le Sacre du Printemps"), with music by Stravinsky (1913), Nijinsky created choreography which went beyond the limits of traditional ballet. For the first time, his audiences got a sight of modern dance. The angular movements expressed the heart of Stravinsky's radically modern score. The music and dance caused a riotous reaction at the "Théâtre de Champs-Élysées" when they premiered in Paris. Both the music and dance were landmarks in modernism.

In 1913 the Ballets Russes toured South America. Diaghilev did not make this journey, because of a fear of sea travel. Free from Diaghilev's supervision, Nijinsky became acquainted with Romola de Pulszky, a Hungarian countess. Eventually, she succeeded in engaging his affections. They were married in Buenos Aires, and later had a daughter, Kyra. When the company returned to Europe Diaghilev flew into a rage, and dismissed Nijinsky.

During World War I Nijinsky was interned in Hungary. Diaghilev succeeded in getting him out for a North American tour in 1916. During this time, Nijinsky choreographed and danced the leading role in "Till Eulenspiegel". Around this time, signs of his schizophrenia was noticed by members of the company. He suffered a nervous breakdown in 1919, and his career effectively ended. He was diagnosed with schizophrenia and taken to Switzerland by his wife. He spent the rest of his life in and out of psychiatric hospitals and asylums, as his family travelled round Europe. He never danced again.


Nitric oxide

Nitric oxide also known as nitrogen monoxide is a chemical compound. It contains nitrogen in its +2 oxidation state. It contains nitrogen and oxide ions. Its chemical formula is often given as ·N=O.

It is a colorless gas. It is easily oxidized to nitrogen dioxide by air. It can react with a mixture of air and water to make nitrous acid. It glows when reacted with ozone.

It is made by reacting ammonia with oxygen with a catalyst. It is also made in lightning. It can be made in small amounts by reacting copper with nitric acid. It can also be made by reducing nitrous acid with compounds such as iron(II) sulfate.

Nitric oxide is used in making nitric acid from ammonia. Ammonia is reacted with air to make nitric oxide, and the nitric oxide is oxidized by air to make nitrogen dioxide. The nitrogen dioxide is dissolved in water to make nitric acid and more nitric oxide.

It is also used as a stimulant in the human body. It has many actions in the human body that are being studied.

Nitric oxide is toxic when breathed in. It also easily is oxidized to nitrogen dioxide, a toxic brown choking substance.


Nitrogen dioxide

Nitrogen dioxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NO. It contains nitrogen and oxide ions. The nitrogen is in the +4 oxidation state. 

Nitrogen Dioxide is a reddish-brown gas with a distinct, pungent odor similar to that of Chlorine. It causes significant and damaging pulmonary effects when it is inhaled, due to the formation of both Nitric (HNO3) & Nitrous (HNO2) acids when it reacts with Water present in the lungs. When Nitrogen Dioxide is compressed or cooled to near 0° C, two molecules of the Dioxide bond, forming the colorless Dinitrogen Tetroxide. It is a strong oxidizing agent. Upon heating, Nitrogen Dioxide decomposes back into lower oxides of Nitrogen (NO) as well as Oxygen. It reacts with iodides to form nitrites and elemental iodine. The presence of NO2 in concentrated Nitric acid causes the acid to take on a yellow color, depending on the concentration of the dissolved gas.

Nitrogen dioxide is normally made by oxidation of nitric oxide by oxygen in air. It can also be made by heating some nitrates. It can be made by reacting concentrated nitric acid with copper or tin.

It is used to make nitric acid by dissolving it in water. Nitric oxide is also released.

Nitrogen dioxide is very toxic. It has a foul odor, which aids in its detection. Much care should be taken to avoid contact with this compound.


Kansas City, Kansas

Kansas City is the third-largest city in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is the county seat of Wyandotte County. Kansas City is a suburb of Kansas City, Missouri and is the third largest city in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. About two million people live in this region. The city is part of the "Unified Government". This also includes the cities of Bonner Springs and Edwardsville. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 156,607. The city is at Kaw Point, which is the junction of the Missouri and Kansas rivers.

Kansas City formed in 1868. It was first officially mentioned in October 1872. The Kansas-Missouri border area became the first battlefield in the conflict over slavery that led to the American Civil War. The first city election was held on October 22, 1872. It resulted in the election of Mayor James Boyle. The mayors of the city after its organization have been James Boyle, C. A. Eidemiller, A. S. Orbison, Eli Teed and Samuel McConnell. John Sheehan was appointed Marshal in 1875. He was also Chief of Police. He had the control over five policemen. In June 1880, the Governor of Kansas made the city of Kansas City a city of the second class with the Mayor Samuel McConnell present. James E. Porter was Mayor in 1910.

It was one of the 100 largest cities for many US Census counts, from 1890 to 1960, including 1920, when it had over 100,000 residents for the first time. In 1997, voters approved a proposition to unify the city and county governments.

On March 30, 2011, Internet search company Google Inc. announced that Kansas City had been selected as the site of an experimental fiber-optic network that Google will build at no cost to the city. Kansas City was chosen from a field of 1,100 US communities that had applied for the network. Google plans to have the network in operation by 2012.



According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 128.3 sq mi (332.3 km). 124.7 sq mi (323.1 km) of it is land and 3.6 sq mi (9.2 km) of it is water.

Kansas City is organized into a system of neighborhoods, some with histories as independent cities or the sites of major events.

Neighborhoods of Kansas City, Kansas

Kansas City is near "Tornado Alley", a region where cold air from the Rocky Mountains and Canada meets warm air from the Gulf of Mexico. This situation causes the formation of powerful storms. The most recent tornado to strike Kansas City itself was in May 2003. The region is also prone to ice storms, such as the 2002 ice storm during which hundreds of thousands lost power for days and (in some cases) weeks. The MoKan area was subject to flooding, including the Great Flood of 1993 and the Great Flood of 1951.

As with Kansas City, Missouri, the percentage of the city's biggest ethnic group, non-Hispanic whites, has gone down from 76.3% in 1970 to 40.2% in 2010.





Kansas City has four sister cities, as designated by Sister Cities International:



Dinitrogen tetroxide

Dinitrogen tetroxide, also known as nitrogen tetroxide or dinitrogen tetraoxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NO. It contains nitrogen in its +4 oxidation state. It contains nitrogen and oxide ions.

It is a colorless gas, although it is sometimes polluted with nitrogen dioxide. It is very corrosive and a strong oxidizing agent. It can ignite on contact with hydrazine. It can be made by bonding two nitrogen dioxide molecules together at a low temperature or a high pressure.

It is made by bonding nitrogen dioxide molecules together in pairs.

It is used as a rocket propellant, along with hydrazine. This mixture is good since it does not have to be ignited. It is used similar to nitrogen dioxide to make nitric acid. It can react with metals to make nitrates.

Dinitrogen is highly toxic and corrosive. Some astronauts breathed it and had to go to a hospital.


Nitrogen oxide

Nitrogen oxide may refer to any of these chemical compounds:


Nitrogen acid

Nitrogen acids are acids containing nitrogen.


Dinitrogen pentoxide

Dinitrogen pentoxide is a chemical compound. It is made by removing water from nitric acid. Its chemical formula is NO. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It is a white solid. It is made by reacting phosphorus(V) oxide with nitric acid. The phosphorus(V) oxide removes the water from the nitric acid. It can be dissolved in chloroform to add the NO group to some chemical compounds. It is toxic as it can make nitrogen dioxide gas.


Nitrogen trichloride

Nitrogen trichloride is a chemical compound. It contains nitrogen in its -3 oxidation state. It contains nitrogen and chloride ions. Its chemical formula is NCl. It is an explosive. It is made by reacting ammonium compounds with chlorine. It reacts with hot water to release hypochlorous acid and ammonia. 


Hypochlorous acid

Hypochlorous acid is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HClO or HOCl. It is not stable. It contains chlorine in its +1 oxidation state. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It is made by reacting sodium hypochlorite with an acid that cannot be oxidized, such as phosphoric acid. If the acid can be oxidized, the hypochlorous acid will be destroyed. It is used to make some chemicals. It breaks down into hydrochloric acid and oxygen in sunlight. It reacts with hydrochloric acid to make chlorine gas. It is a powerful disinfectant.


Sodium amide

Sodium amide, also known as sodamide, is a chemical compound. It contains sodium and amide ions. Its chemical formula is NaNH. It is a very strong base, even stronger than hydroxides like sodium hydroxide. It reacts violently with water. It is a white solid, although it can be gray. It is made by reacting sodium metal with liquid or gaseous ammonia. It is used to make hydrazine and sodium azide. It is used to make various chemicals. It reacts with water to make ammonia and sodium hydroxide. It burns in air to make oxides of sodium and nitrogen, such as nitrogen dioxide. If there is only a little air, explosive chemicals may form. If it turns yellow or brown, get rid of it immediately. It is corrosive because it is a strong base.


Amide

Amide can refer to two different things.

An amide ion is different from an amide in organic chemistry. The amide ion is made by deprotonating ammonia. This is ammonia acting as an acid, although a very weak one. Amides made by deprotonating ammonia are very strong bases. Sodium amide is an example.

Amides are also chemical compounds. They are made by reacting carboxylic acids like acetic acid with amines. There are many ways to make them. They are also used in many chemical reactions.


Sodium nitrate

Sodium nitrate, also known as caliche, Chile saltpeter, and soda niter, is a chemical compound. It contains sodium and nitrate ions. Its chemical formula is NaNO.

It can dissolve in water very easily. It is an oxidizing agent. It is a white crystalline solid.

It is found in very dry areas. If it was wet, then the sodium nitrate would dissolve. But it is normally made artificially by reacting sodium hydroxide and nitric acid. Chile used to have much sodium nitrate naturally in the very dry Atacama Desert. It is found in small amounts in leafy green vegetables.

It is used to supply nitrogen to the soil. It is also used in making gunpowder. Some other explosives use it. It can be used to make nitric acid by reaction with sulfuric acid. It is used in rockets and smoke bombs. Sometimes it can be a food preservative.


Lead azide

Lead azide, also known as lead(II) azide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Pb(N). It contains lead and azide ions. It contains lead in its +2 oxidation state.

Lead azide is an explosive. Most other azides just burn rapidly. It is used as a detonator to detonate other explosives. It is made by reacting lead(II) nitrate and sodium azide. It can be destroyed by sodium dichromate. It can react with other metals such as copper to make even more sensitive azide explosives. It does not become less of an explosive when wet. It will explode if it is dropped .


History of Iran

Iran is home to one of the world's oldest continuous major civilizations, with historical and urban settlements dating back to 4000 BC. The Medes unified Iran as a nation and empire in 625 BC.

The Islamic conquest of Persia (633–656) and the end of the Sassanid Empire was a turning point in Iranian history. Iran had been a monarchy ruled by a shah, or emperor, almost without interruption from 1501 until the 1979 Islamic revolution, when Iran officially became an Islamic Republic on 1 April 1979.

Before Iran was called Iran, and before Iranians lived there, a different group of people, the Elamites, lived there. Their kingdom was called Elam. The Elamites are mentioned in the Bible. Elam was conquered by Iranian peoples, such as the Medes (a type of Iranian), because the Elamites became weak after fighting the Assyrian people (a different people) for too long. The Iranians would then go on to conquer the Assyrians, as well.

The name Iran comes from "Aryan" and is also mentioned in the ancient book of the Zoroastrians, which was called the Avesta. "Iran" means "Aryan" in Persian. In the 19th and early 20th century, the name "Aryan" was used by Europeans to mean "all Indo-Europeans".

Around 500 BC, present-day Iran was the center of the Persian Empire. Then, Alexander the Great took the country by fighting and the "Arsacid dynasty" of Persia later ruled. After them the "Sassanian dynasty" (224-651) took over.

Other people took Persia by fighting, like the Arabs (7th century), Turks (10th century) and Mongols (13th century). However, Iran has always maintained a distinct culture and continued to survive.

The "Safavid dynasty" (1502-1736) made Islam and Shi'a the state religion of Iran although Islam was already popular then. The latest kings of Iran were from the "Pahlavi dynasty", and ruled from 1925 until 1979, when there was a revolution and Ayatollah Khomeini created an Islamic republic.

In 1951, Mohammed Mossadegh was brought to power after being elected as prime minister by nearly all members of the Majlis (parliament) in Iran. His first act in office was to take control of the oil industry in Iran which had been controlled by Great Britain. Most of Britain's oil was pumped from Iran at the time. This move was seen as a danger to Great Britain's security and empire, so they tried to overthrow the government but failed. After this they convinced the United States through diplomacy that the government of Iran was a communist threat.

The CIA worked in Iran to create riots which led to the removal of Prime Minister Mossadegh. The United States and Great Britain then made the Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi King of Iran, again.

The Shah ruled in Iran for 38 years. When he left Iran the Iranian government was changed to an Islamic Republic by Islamic Revolution. Soon afterwards, Iranian Students Movement (Tahkim Vahdat), with the backing of the new government took over the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and held most of the diplomats hostage for 444 days. Relations between the two countries have not been good since. For example. The US has imposed various types of economic sanctions against Iran. The US claims the Iran supports terrorist groups against Israel. Iran does not recognize Israel as a state. Iran, along with most Arab countries believe that Israel does not have the right to occupy the land of Palestinians.

Iran has long borders in common with Iraq. (The words "Iran" and "Iraq" are similar only in Latin alphabet. In Arabic and Persian, they are written differently.) Iranians are ethnically not Arabs. Iran defended itself against Iraqi invasion in 1980, a war that lasted eight years. Many Arab and Western countries, including the United States provided weapons (including biological and chemical weapons of mass destruction) and technical support for Iraq's Saddam Hussein.

Now, the West is trying to prevent Iran from mastering nuclear technology, even though Iran is a member of the NPT. They voice their concern claiming that Iran's intention is to develop nuclear weapons. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has reported numerous times that there is no evidence that Iran is developing nuclear weapons, however, it also says that it can not say for sure that Iran is not doing so in secret. A CIA report on nuclear activity in Iran, in December 2007 claimed that Iran's secret program to achieve nuclear weapons technology was stopped in 2003, and that since then, it was never restarted. It reports that Iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon will probably not happen soon.

The presidential elections of 13th June 2009 were officially won by the existing president M. Ahmadinejad, but certain people do not believe this is true. There were demonstrations because of these results, and some protesters fought with police forces. Many people who demonstrated thought that the election was a fraud. Officially nine people died during the protests.

Cobalt(II) chloride

Cobalt(II) chloride, also known as cobaltous chloride and cobalt dichloride, is a chemical compound. It contains cobalt in its +2 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is CoCl. It contains cobalt and chloride ions.

Cobalt(II) chloride is normally found in the red (or pink) form. The red form has water in it. It can be heated to turn it into the blue form, without water. The blue form will absorb water from the air and turn red again. 

A different blue form is made when cobalt(II) chloride is reacted with a chemical compound that has chloride in it. Hydrochloric acid works the best, but sodium chloride can be used too. When it is heated, it turns more blue than when it is cooled. 

It can be oxidized to cobalt(III) compounds, although cobalt(III) chloride does not exist. If it is made, it just drops a Cl from CoCl, making CoCl (cobalt(II) chloride) again.

The anhydrous (without water) blue form can be made by reacting cobalt with chlorine. The hydrated (with water) red form can be made by reacting cobalt(II) oxide or cobalt(II) hydroxide with hydrochloric acid. 

It is used to place cobalt into other chemical compounds. It can be used to make other cobalt compounds. It is the most common cobalt compound in the lab. 

It is a weak oxidizing agent, too weak to ignite things. Cobalt compounds are toxic in large quantities, like any other transition metal compounds. They are not toxic like lead or mercury compounds, though.


Man of the match

In team sports, the best player in a match is often given an award called man of the match or player of the match or woman of the match. This award is for the person who played the best during the game. It can be a player from either team, but usually, they choose someone from the team that won. Sometimes, different sports have special ways of giving out these awards. They are really important in big games like championships or games where the best players from different teams compete. In Australia, they use the term "best and fairest" to talk about these awards, both for single games and for the whole season. In some places like North America, they call this award the "most valuable player" (MVP) or "most outstanding player" (MOP) in certain competitions. In ice hockey in North America, they even recognize three players as the best in the game, calling them the "three stars". In sports where the winner is decided by a series of games, like basketball and baseball, they often give out MVP awards for the whole series. In ice hockey's NHL, they also give an MVP award for how well a player performs throughout the entire playoffs.

In Association football, the "man of the match" (MOTM) prize usually goes to a player on the winning team. Players who score three goals in a game, or goalkeepers who keep a clean sheet that is to prevent the opposing team from scoring, often receive the prize. Those who score three goals also get the match ball, even if they aren't officially named the player of the match. The man of the match is usually picked by a TV commentator or a sponsor. But, not all competitions have an official player of the match prize, so sometimes recognition is given by websites or newspapers instead. In the Premier League, for instance, a player gets a small black and gold trophy for their player of the match performance. When given in a less formal way (like by a columnist), the MOTM prize might be given ironically. For instance, it could go to the referee if the writer thinks the referee affected the outcome due to what they see as mistakes.

In Australian rules football, the best player of the game is called the "best on ground" (or "BOG"). The media recognises this, even though it's not official. They usually give points on a scale of 5–4–3–2–1 or 3–2–1 to players. The AFL officially chooses the player of the game based on the votes umpires give during the Brownlow Medal count at the end of the season. Sometimes, there are exceptions during the season for certain important games like the Western Derby, The ANZAC Day clash, QClash, and Showdown. In these games, special awards are given after the match. On the day of the AFL Grand Final, an independent group of Australian rules football experts chooses the player who performed the best and they get the Norm Smith Medal.

In cricket, the award for the best player in the match became common in Test matches around the middle of the 1980s. The best player of the match award is usually given to the player who had the most important role in helping the team win the game. In a match that took place on 3 April 1996, the entire team from New Zealand received the Men of the Match award. This was the first time a whole team got this award. In a test match played between 15th and 18th January 1999, South Africa played against West Indies. In that match, the entire South African team was given the man of the match award. In Test matches, Jacques Kallis has the most awards received, with 23 awards in 166 matches played. In One Day Internationals (ODIs), Sachin Tendulkar has the most man of the match titles, receiving 62 awards in 463 matches played. Tendulkar is followed by Sanath Jayasuriya, who, together with Ricky Ponting, also has the most Man of the Match titles as captain. In the shortest format of the game, T20 Internationals, this record is held by Virat Kohli, who has won 15 awards in 115 matches.

In North American ice hockey, the three players who do the best in the game, often those who get the most points or are really good goalkeepers, are usually called the three stars of the game: the best player is the "first star", the next is the "second star", and the third best is the "third star". This started in the 1930s to promote a brand of gasoline called "Three Star". But in games played internationally (and outside North America), the idea of three stars isn't used very much. Instead, other leagues might give an award to just one player who did the best in the game.

Both types of rugby, rugby league and rugby union, usually give awards for the best player of the match. In matches that are on TV or sponsored, someone like a commentator or sponsor usually decides who gets the award, and the winner gets it after the match.

For example, in men's rugby league, awards like the Clive Churchill Medal in the National Rugby League Grand Final, the Karyn Murphy Medal in the NRL Women's Grand Final, the Lance Todd Trophy in the Challenge Cup final, and the Harry Sunderland Trophy in the Super League Grand Final are given.

In college basketball and college football, which are the two most watched college sports in the United States, a top player from each team is usually named "player of the game." These players usually can't get physical prizes because of the rules of the NCAA. Instead, TV companies showing the game or business sponsors often give money to the scholarship funds of each school, using the names of the winning players.

During college basketball's Final Four events, a Most Outstanding Player award is given for the best performance in both the semi-final and championship game. There's also a Most Outstanding Player award for each of the four regional games, based on how well players did in the regional semifinals (Sweet Sixteen) and final (Elite Eight).

Prohibition in the United States

The Prohibition Era was a period in United States history when alcohol was outlawed. Police would arrest anyone who was found making or selling alcohol illegally. The Women's Christian Temperance Union and other reformist organizations agitated for this change in order to improve the lives of the people. Prohibition lasted from 1920 to 1933. It was established by the Eighteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. It was ratified (approved by the states) by January 16, 1919. It came into effect at January 16, 1920. 
The punishment for being caught with an alcoholic beverage was jail time. The millions of people becoming criminals in such a short period of time led to overflowing prisons and it was common to have a case dismissed. Prohibition was a constitutional experiment set up by the American government in an effort to decrease crime rates, reduce tax burden, and improve health in Americans. It had little to do with the consumption of alcoholic beverages.
Prohibition was good as the consumption of alcohol was reduced, but it was bad in that the Mafia and other underground organizations took up rum-running. They became big and powerful and made trouble. Prohibition was repealed December 5, 1933 by the Twenty-first Amendment. Now states can regulate the selling of liquor by themselves.

Due to the demand of alcohol, illegal pubs were built called speakeasies.These could be in the form of a proper pub or just in someones basement.

Cobalt(II) oxide

Cobalt(II) oxide, also known as cobaltous oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CoO. It contains cobalt in its +2 oxidation state as an ion. It also contains oxide. It can be green or red crystals. It can also be a grey or brown powder. 

Cobalt(II) chloride reacts with a base to get cobalt(II) hydroxide. Then the cobalt(II) hydroxide is heated to make cobalt(II) oxide. The reactions are written below:

It can react with acids to make salts containing cobalt. It is used to make blue glass.


Cobalt(II) hydroxide

Cobalt(II) hydroxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Co(OH). It contains cobalt in its +2 oxidation state as an ion. It also contains hydroxide ions. It is either reddish or bluish. It is made by reacting a strong base with a cobalt(II) salt. Cobalt(II) chloride is normally used. This makes the red form. The blue form is made by reacting ammonium hydroxide with cobalt(II) hydroxide. It turns into cobalt(II) oxide when heated. It is used to dry paints, to make other cobalt compounds, and as a catalyst.


Cobalt(III) oxide

Cobalt(III) oxide is a chemical compound. It contains cobalt in its +3 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is CoO. It can be made by reacting a cobalt(II) salt with sodium hypochlorite. This reaction also makes some chlorine. It is used as a catalyst. It is an oxidizing agent. It is not as strong an oxidizing agent as other cobalt(III) compounds.


Cobalt oxide

Cobalt oxide can refer to either of the following:



Cobalt(II) sulfate

Cobalt(II) sulfate, also known as cobaltous sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CoSO. It contains cobalt in its +2 oxidation state. It contains cobalt and sulfate ions. 

It is a reddish crystalline solid. It dissolves easily in water. It is reddish without water (anhydrous) and pink with water (hydrated).

It can be made by reacting cobalt, cobalt(II) oxide, or cobalt(II) hydroxide with sulfuric acid. It is very rarely found in the earth.

It is used as a pigment. It is also used to make other cobalt salts. It can be used in electroplating cobalt. It was added to beer in the past but that poisoned people.

Cobalt(II) sulfate is slightly carcinogenic. It is poisonous in large quantities.


Meccano

Meccano is a building set that lets people make models and small mechanical devices. It was made in 1901, and was from the United Kingdom.

Monoclonius

Monoclonius is the doubtful name of a ceratopsid dinosaur. It was a herbivore (plant-eater) It lived in North America during the Upper Cretaceous, about 76 to 73 million years ago.

"Monoclonius" was named by Edward Drinker Cope in 1876, soon after the first fossil specimen had been found in Montana. The specimen was a near complete skeleton with only the feet missing. It included skull material and the base of the nasal horn. Its name means "single stem" and refers to its teeth, which have a single root.

"Monoclonius" is now regarded as a "nominem dubium". It seems to be a juvenile stage of "Centrosaurus".

Gordini

Gordini is a French sports car manufacturer. The firm was founded by Amédée Gordini. His nickname was "Le Sorcier", which means "The Sorcerer".

Gordini competed in Formula One from 1950 to 1956.

Gordini worked with Renault as an engine tuner. He sold his firm to Renault. Renault entered Renault-Gordini cars at the 24 Hours of Le Mans from 1962 until 1969.

Renault build sport versions of some models like the Dauphine, Renault 8, and Renault 12. They included the Gordini badge.

In November 2009, Renault announced that it will bring back the Gordini name. It will be used on a line of hot hatches (sports compacts).

Popish Plot

The Popish Plot was a story made up by Titus Oates that caused people to hate the Catholics in England between 1678 and 1681. Oates said that there was a large Catholic conspiracy to kill Charles II. His story led to the execution of at least 15 men and caused the Exclusion Bill Crisis. After a while Oates' complicated story fell apart, and he was arrested and sent to prison for perjury.

Cobalt(II,III) oxide

Cobalt(II,III) oxide is a chemical compound. It contains some (1 atom) cobalt in the +2 oxidation state and some (2 atoms) in the +3 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is CoO. It contains cobalt and oxide ions.

It is a black solid. It reacts with hydrochloric acid to make chlorine and cobalt(II) chloride.

It is made when cobalt(II) oxide is heated to . When it is heated to , it turns back into cobalt(II) oxide.

It has been used in research for making hydrogen.

It is irritating to the skin. It can cause harm if swallowed. It dissolves in the stomach acid.


Ramsar Convention

The Ramsar Convention (The Convention on Wetlands of International Importance, especially as Waterfowl Habitat) is an international treaty to protect wetlands. It is meant to stop the loss of wetland areas now and in the future. It recognizes that wetlands are an important ecosystem. It also recognizes that wetlands have economic, cultural, scientific, and recreational value. It is named after the town of Ramsar in Iran.

The convention was developed and agreed to by 18 nations at a meeting in Ramsar on February 2, 1971. It came into force on December 21, 1975.

The Ramsar List of Wetlands of International Importance now includes 2,429 sites, which are called "Ramsar Sites", covering around 254,611,076 hectares. This has increased from 1,021 sites in 2000. The nation with the most sites is the United Kingdom at 168. The nation with the greatest area of listed wetlands is Canada, with over 130,000 km², including the Queen Maud Gulf Migratory Bird Sanctuary at 62,800 km².

There are now 159 nations that have agreed to the convention. The nations meet every three years as the Conference of the Contracting Parties (COP). The first meeting was held in Cagliari, Italy, in 1980. Changes to the original convention have been agreed to in Paris (1982) and Regina (1987).

There is a standing committee, a scientific review panel, and a secretariat. The headquarters is in Gland, Switzerland, shared with the IUCN.

Albania, Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, The Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Benin, Bermuda, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Canada, Chad, Chile, China, Colombia, Comoros, Republic of the Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cuba, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Estonia, Finland, France, Gabon, The Gambia, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Honduras, Hungary, Hong Kong, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Iran, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kenya, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lebanon, Liberia, Libya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Mali, Malta, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Moldova, Monaco, Mongolia, Morocco, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Pakistan, Palau, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, North Macedonia, Romania, Russia, Saint Lucia, Senegal, Serbia, Sierra Leone, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sri Lanka, Suriname, Sweden, Switzerland, Syria, Tajikistan, Tanzania, Thailand, Togo, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Uganda, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Venezuela, Vietnam, Zambia, former USSR.

New contracting parties:
Antigua and Barbuda (02.10.05), Cape Verde (18.11.05), Central African Republic (05.04.06), Iraq (17.02.08), Kazakhstan (15.01.07), Lesotho (01.11.04), Marshall Islands (13.11.04), Montenegro (succ. 03.06.06), Mozambique (03.12.04), Myanmar (17.03.05), Rwanda (01.04.06), Samoa (06.02.05), Seychelles (22.03.05), Sudan (07.05.05), Turkmenistan (03.07.09), United Arab Emirates (29.12.07), Yemen (08.02.08).


Cobalt(II) fluoride

Cobalt(II) fluoride, also known as cobaltous fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CoF. It contains cobalt in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains fluoride ions.

It is a reddish crystalline solid. It only dissolves a little in water. The hydrate (type with water molecules attached) can dissolve in water. It can dissolve in acid. It can react with hydrogen at to make cobalt and hydrogen fluoride. 

It can be made by reacting anhydrous (without any water molecules attached) cobalt(II) oxide or cobalt(II) chloride with a stream of hydrogen fluoride. This reaction makes the anhydrous form. The hydrated (with water molecules attached) form is made by reacting any cobalt(II) compound with hydrofluoric acid. When fluorine is reacted with cobalt at a high temperature, it makes both cobalt(II) fluoride and cobalt(III) fluoride.

It is used as a catalyst. It can be used as a source of the fluoride ion in dentist care. It is used in lenses. 


Cobalt fluoride

Cobalt fluoride can refer to either of the following compounds:


Cobalt(III) fluoride

Cobalt(III) fluoride, also known as cobaltic fluoride and cobalt trifluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CoF. It contains cobalt in its +3 oxidation state. It contains cobalt and fluoride ions. It is used to add fluoride ion to other chemicals. It is a brown solid. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It reacts with water to make hydrofluoric acid, oxygen, and cobalt(II) fluoride. It is made by reacting cobalt(II) chloride and fluorine at . Cobalt(II) oxide and cobalt(II) fluoride can be used instead of the cobalt(II) chloride. It is used to make some chemicals.


Eyeborg

An eyeborg or eye-borg is an electronic eye that allows people to hear colors. It is mostly used by blind people or by people with color blindness. It works by using a head mounted camera that reads the colors directly in front of a person, and converts them into musical notes.

The first eyeborg was made in England in 2003 by Adam Montandon in collaboration with colourblind artist Neil Harbisson. The invention won a British award in Innovation (Submerge 2004) and a European award in Content Tools and Interface Design (Europrix 2004). In 2007, Peter Kese, a software developer from Slovenia, made further developments to the eyeborg by increasing the number of colors to 360 and adding color intensity through different volume levels. Matias Lizana, a student from Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya is currently developing the eyeborg into a smaller chip as part of his final year project. The new chip will allow users to hear colors in stereo and to embed the device.


Christian Dior

Christian Dior (Granville, Manche, Basse-Normandie, 21 January 1905 – Montecatini, Italy, 24 October 1957), was the leading French fashion designer of the post-war world. He was the founder of one of the world's top fashion houses, the "House of Dior" (now "Christian Dior").

During the German occupation of France in World War II, Christian Dior dressed up the wives of Nazi officers and French collaborators. On 8 October 1946 he founded his own fashion house, backed by Marcel Boussac, which became the cotton-fabric magnate.

For his first collection, in early 1947, the phrase "The New Look" was coined by "Harper's Bazaar", the fashion monthly. Dior's designs were more voluptuous than the economy shapes of World War II, when fabric was rationed. 

Dior was a master at creating shapes and silhouettes; he said "I have designed flower women". His look employed fabrics lined with percale (a closely woven plain-weave fabric), boned, bustier-style bodices, hip padding, wasp-waisted corsets and petticoats. This made his dresses flare out from the waist, giving his models a very curvaceous look. 

Some women protested, because his designs covered up their legs, which they did not want during wartime. There was also criticism of Dior's designs, which used a lot of fabric. Opposition ceased as soon as wartime shortages ended. The New Look revolutionized women's dress and reestablished Paris as the center of the fashion world.

The term was first used by Dior as the label for his collection of spring 1955. The A-Line collection's feature item, then the "most wanted silhouette in Paris", was a "fingertip-length flared jacket worn over a dress with a very full, pleated skirt". Evening dresses at this time were always worn with petticoats.

Although an A-shape, this silhouette was not identical to what is now understood to embody the A-line idea. That idea was given its definitive expression and popularized by Dior’s successor, Yves Saint Laurent, with his "Trapeze Line" of spring 1958, which featured dresses flaring out dramatically from a fitted shoulder line. 

A-line clothes remained popular in the 1960s and 70s, disappeared from fashion almost completely by the early 1980s and were revived by the retro trend of the late 1990s. By that time, 'A-line' was used more loosely to describe any dress wider at the hips than at the bust or waist, as well as a number of flared skirt styles. 'True' A-line shapes on the pattern of Dior and Saint Laurent saw a revival in the early 2000s.

Baluchistan Agency

The Baluchistan Agency was one of the agencies of British India. Agency Territories, with an area of 44,345 square miles (208.262 km), composed of tracts which had, from time to time, been acquired by lease or otherwise brought under control and been placed directly under British officers. 

This agency consisted of three princely states, Kalat and its two feudatory states Las Bela and Kharan. The British government maintained the administrative control through their political agent in Kalat.

Ferromanganese

Ferromanganese, also known as spiegeleisen, is an alloy. It is made of iron and manganese. It is normally 15% manganese and 85% iron. It is made by reduction of a mixture of iron ore and manganese ore. Normally carbon is the reducing agent. It is normally how manganese is sold. 


Manganese(VII) oxide

Manganese(VII) oxide, also known as permanganic acid and manganese heptoxide, is a chemical compound. The manganese is in its +7 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is MnO. This is about the only +7 oxidation state compound of manganese that is not a permanganate. Its chemical formula is MnO. It is either a dark red or green oil. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It is a dangerous explosive. It is made by combining sulfuric acid with potassium permanganate. This reaction makes the dark green oil. It makes manganese dioxide and oxygen when exploded. This reaction may produce ozone, a powerful oxidizing agent. It can be detonated by striking it or reacting it with some organic compounds such as alcohol. 


Permanganic acid

Permanganic acid is an acid. It has the formula HMnO. It is the acid form of the permanganate ion.

It is often made by reacting dilute sulfuric acid with a permanganate, such aspotassium permanganate. It is not usually a good idea to use concentrated acid because the extra acid may react with the new permanganic acid to create manganese heptoxide, an explosive chemical.

Manganese(II) sulfate

Manganese(II) sulfate, also known as manganous sulfate, is a chemical compound. It contains manganese in its +2 oxidation state. It contains manganese and sulfate ions. Its chemical formula is MnSO. It is a pink crystalline solid. It normally is bonded with some water molecules. It is part of a process to make manganese metal. It can be made separately though. If sulfur dioxide and manganese dioxide are reacted, it produces manganese(II) sulfate. It reacts with potassium permanganate to make manganese dioxide. It is used to add manganese to soil.


Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco

Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco is the sequel to the 1993 movie "".

The owners of Shadow the Golden Retriever, Sassy the Himalayan cat (Sally Field), and Chance the American Bulldog (Michael J. Fox) decide to take a trip to Canada. At the San Francisco International Airport, the animals run away after Chance gets free from his carrier. After getting away from airport police, the animals are in San Francisco, with home on the other side of the Golden Gate bridge.

As they are trying to get home, Chance falls in love with a street Kuvasz named Delilah (Carla Gugino) who's never had a human family. He thinks humans are bad since he was left alone by his owners, and at first does not agree to help Shadow, Sassy, and Chance because they are "pets". After they return home, a sad Chance is soon together with Delilah. The family accepts her as their newest pet.



Poolsbrook

Poolsbrook is a town in northeast Derbyshire, England.

Food and Drug Administration

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA or USFDA) is a United States government agency that protects and promotes public health, by regulating food safety, tobacco, prescription drugs, over-the-counter drugs, vaccines, and cosmetics. The FDA enforces federal laws along with other agencies, such as the DEA. The agency was made in 1906, and is led by the Commissioner of Food and Drugs.

The head of the FDA is proposed by the President of the United States and approved by the Senate. He reports to the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services.

In June 1906, President Theodore Roosevelt signed into law the "Clean Food and Drug Administration Act of 1906", also known as the ""Wiley Act"" after its main advocate.

Responsibility for screening food and drug products for ""tampering"" or ""mislabelling"" has been assigned to the USDA Chemical Bureau. In 1927, the regulatory powers of the Bureau of Chemistry were reorganized under the new agency of the United States Department of Agriculture, the FDA.

President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed into law the "Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act" on June 24, 1938. In 1962, the Kefauver-Harris Amendment to the Food, Drugs, and Cosmetics Act was passed and it became a global change in the FDA regulatory body.

One of the most important laws in creating the modern American pharmaceutical market was the "Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Reinstatement Act" 1984, better known as the "Hatch-Waxman Act" after its main sponsors.

Subordinate FDA Agencies:


The FDA is responsible for maintaining public health through 


The FDA also controls some laws. 


Homalocephale

Homalocephale was a thick-skulled, plant-eating dinosaur. Its flat head housed a very thick skull, a tiny brain, and large eyes. The skull consisted of porous, non-rigid bone interlaced with blood vessels.

"Homalocephale" grew to be about 5 feet long (1.5 m) and weighed about 95 pounds (43 kg). "Homalocephale" probably had a good sense of smell. It had bumpy knobs on its snout and along the rear of its skull. It had leaf-shaped teeth, short forelimbs and a stiff tail. 

Pachyrhinosaurus

Pachyrhinosaurus was a large, plant-eating dinosaur that had a bony, spiked neck frill, four short legs, and a short tail. "Pachyrhinosaurus" was a short-frilled ceratopsian dinosaur that was 18 to 23 feet (5.5 to 7 m) long. "Pachyrhinosaurus" had many small horns on the middle of its frill. 

Arnhem Land

The Arnhem Land Region is one of the five regions of the Northern Territory of Australia. It is in the north east corner of the territory and is about 500km from the territory capital Darwin. It has an area of 97,000 km². This area includes Kakadu National Park. About 16,230 people live in Arnhem Land. It was named by Matthew Flinders after the Dutch ship "Arnhem", which explored the coast in 1623. 

Arnhem Land goes from Port Roper on the Gulf of Carpentaria around the coast to the East Alligator River where it joins Kakadu National Park. The major towns are Jabiru on the Kakadu National Park border, Maningrida on the Liverpool River mouth, and Nhulunbuy (also known as Gove) in the far north east, on the Gove Peninsula. Gove is the site of large bauxite mine with an alumina refinery. Its administrative centre is the town of Nhulunbuy, the fourth largest town in the Northern Territory.
The climate of Arnhem Land is tropical monsoon with a wet and dry season. Temperatures do not vary much during the year. It can get as cold as 15 degrees Celsius during nights in the dry season (April to September). In the wet season (October to March) the days can be as hot as 33 degrees Celsius.

Arnhem Land became an Aboriginal Reserve in 1931. It is still one of the largest Aboriginal Reserves in Australia. It is best known for its remoteness, its art, and the strong continuing traditions of its people. North east Arnhem Land is home to the Yolngu people, one of the largest indigenous groups in Australia. They have been able to keep their traditional indigenous culture. The Malays and Macassans are believed to have had contact with the coastal Aboriginal groups and traded with them prior to European settlement of Australia.

The 2006 movie "Ten Canoes" shows life in Arnhem land with a story that uses old Aboriginal stories. It was co-directed by one of the cast members. The movie and also the movie about how it was made, "The Balano and the Bark Canoes", shows the great struggle the indigenous people have made to keep their culture alive. 

The Aboriginal town of Yirrkala, just outside Nhulunbuy, is famous throughout the world. This is because of its bark paintings, and its role in supporting the rights of Indigenous Australians. It is also the place where the Yidaki, or Didgeridoo, came from. The town of Gunbalanya, once called Oenpelli, in Western Arnhem Land is also famous for its bark painting. 

Arnhem Land is famous for its Aboriginal rock art. Some of the best art can be found at Ubirr Rock, Injalak Hill, and in the Canon Hill area. Some of these show early visits by Europeans, sometimes in such detail that Martini-Henry rifles can be identified. Other paintings show axes, aircraft and ships. In one rock shelter, hundreds of kilometres from Darwin, there is a painting the wharf at Darwin. It shows buildings and boats, the Europeans with their hats and pipes. Some are shown without hands, which they have in their pockets. There is a painting, near the East Alligator River crossing, which shows a man with a gun and long pigtails down his back. This would be one of the Chinese workers brought to Darwin in the late 19th century. The people also make ritual sand sculptures which do not last.

One Yolngu stone arrangement, at Maccasans Beach near Yirrkala, shows the layout of the Macassan praus (ships) used for Trepang fishing. The Yolngu traded with the people of Makassar on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi. This trading was happening 200 years before European settlement.




Rubinkowo

Rubinkowo is a district of Toruń.


Motorola DynaTAC

Motorola DynaTAC is the first mobile telephone. It was announced in 1973. It was first sold in 1984.

Kaszczorek

Kaszczorek is a district of Toruń.


Joseph Banks

Sir Joseph Banks, 1st Baronet GCB PRS (13 February 1743 – 19 June 1820) was an English naturalist, botanist and patron of the natural sciences. Banks was President of the Royal Society 1778–1820; baronet 1781; Privy Counsellor 1797. His collections were given to the British Museum.

Banks took part in Captain James Cook's first great voyage from 1768 to 1771. He inherited a large fortune, and was able to hire his own team to help collect, package and transport his finds. Banks discovered and collected "Eucalyptus", "Acacia", "Mimosa", and "Banksia". About 80 species of plants are named after Banks.

Banks was educated at Harrow School, Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford.

In 1766 Banks was elected to the Royal Society, and in the same year he accompanied Phipps to Newfoundland and Labrador to study their natural history. He made his name by publishing the first Linnean descriptions of the plants and animals of Newfoundland and Labrador.

Banks was promptly appointed to a joint Royal Navy/Royal Society scientific expedition to the south Pacific Ocean on "HMS Endeavour", 1768–1771. This was the first of James Cook's voyages of discovery in that region. Banks joined the ship with a staff of eight: Daniel Solander and H.D. Spöring, naturalists; Alexander Buchan and Sydney Parkinson, artists; James Roberts and Peter Briscoe, tenants from Revesby; Thomas Richmond and George Dorlton (Dollin), negro servants. Only four of this party survived the voyage, Banks himself, Solander and the two Revesby men.

This voyage went first to Brazil, where Banks made the first scientific description of a now common garden plant, "Bougainvillea" (named after Cook's French counterpart, Louis Antoine de Bougainville), and to other parts of South America.
The voyage then went to Tahiti (where the transit of Venus was observed, the purpose of the mission), to New Zealand and to the east coast of Australia, where Cook mapped the coastline and made landfall at Botany Bay and at Endeavour River (near modern Cooktown) in Queensland, where they spent seven weeks ashore while the ship was repaired after damage on the Great Barrier Reef.

While they were in Australia Banks, Solander and Spöring made the first collection of Australian plants, describing many that were new to science. Almost 800 specimens were illustrated by the artist Sydney Parkinson and appear in "Banks' Florilegium", finally published in 35 volumes between 1980 and 1990.
Banks arrived back in England on 12 July 1771 and immediately became famous.

There are many things in Australia named after Banks. These include the Division of Banks, a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. The species Banksia is named after him.

Church of Christ with the Elijah Message

The Church of Christ with the Elijah Message is a Mormon religious movement. In addition to the Book of Mormon, the group bases itself on 117 messages received by resurrected John the Baptist. 
The Church of Christ with Elijah Message accepts all the messages as given by John the Baptist to Otto Fetting and W. A. Draves unlike the other movements. It believes that the Gospel is complete by the three books namely: The Record of the Nephites, The word of the Lord brought to mankind by an Angel, and the Bible (King James Version).

Petticoat

A petticoat is a woman's undergarment, shaped like a skirt or skirt+bodice. Think of it as a skirt underneath a regular skirt. The purpose is possibly insulation, and certainly to make the skirt fly out in an attractive way. 

Petticoats which are starched, with ruffles, or made with stiff fabric, can support a wider skirt. The ultimate in this trend is the crinoline, which is a petticoat structure which includes hoops of whalebone. Crinolines are not worn today, but petticoats are sometimes worn with ballgowns.

For most of the first half of the 20th century, with a few exceptions, petticoats were out of fashion. Certainly "multiple" petticoats were not needed for the narrow skirts and dresses which were fashionable. Some evening gowns needed petticoats, but they were finished off by WWII wartime rationing and shortages.

Petticoats were revived by Christian Dior in his full-skirted "New Look" of 1947. Tiered, ruffled, stiffened petticoats remained extremely popular during the 1950s, especially with teenage girls. Typically, at least three single petticoats were worn, until manufacturers began making double and triple layer petticoats. A narrow slip was usually worn under the petticoats, especially the crinoline type, because they tended to be 'scratchy'.

Dior continued this theme with his "A-Line" collection of Spring 1955, which featured the "most wanted silhouette in Paris". This was a "fingertip-length flared jacket worn over a dress with a very full, pleated skirt". Evening dresses at this time were always worn with petticoats.

Although an A-shape, this silhouette was not identical to what is now understood to embody the A-line idea. That idea was given its definitive expression and popularized by Dior’s successor, Yves Saint Laurent, with his "Trapeze Line" of Spring 1958, which featured dresses flaring out dramatically from a fitted shoulder line. A-line clothes remained popular in the 1960s and 70s. 

Paul the Octopus

Paul the Octopus (said to be hatched January 2008 at Oberhausen, Germany– 26 October 2010) was an octopus living in a tank at a Sea Life Centre in Oberhausen, Germany. Paul became famous around the world for correctly "choosing" the winner of Germany's seven matches at the 2010 World Cup, as well as the final.

During the divinations, Paul was shown two boxes with a mussel inside them, for food. Each box had, on the outside, a flag of a football team. Paul would eat the mussel from the box with the flag of the winning team. He did this correctly in four of Germany's six Euro 2008 matches, and in all seven of their matches in the 2010 World Cup. He correctly chose a win for Spain against the Netherlands in the World Cup final. His predictions were 100% (8/8) right for the 2010 World Cup and 86% (12/14) correct overall. Paul was retired after the 2010 FIFA World Cup.

It was at first said that Paul's career as an oracle began during the UEFA Euro 2008 tournament. In the lead-up to Germany's international football matches, Paul (or a similar octopus) was presented with two clear plastic boxes, each containing food: a mussel or an oyster. Each container was marked with the flag of a team, one the flag of Germany, and the other the flag of Germany's opponent. The box which Paul opened first (and ate the contents of) was judged to be the predicted winner of the game.

Some people had doubt about the octopus' abilities.

Under the thought that Paul had the same chances of choosing the winner or the loser of a match, and not considering the chance of a draw, he had a 1/2 chance of rightly choosing any single game and a 1/256 chance of rightly choosing eight in a row.

On October 26 2010, Paul died of natural causes after being inactive for the last few days.

St. Xavier High School (Ohio)

Saint Xavier High School ( ), or simply St. X, is a private, all-boys high school near Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. The school is one of four all-boys Catholic high schools in the Archdiocese of Cincinnati, but it is run by the Society of Jesus (Jesuits) instead of the archdiocese. St. Xavier has 1,535 students, making it the largest private high school in Ohio and one of the 100 largest high schools in that state.

St. Xavier is the oldest high school in the Cincinnati area and one of the oldest in the nation, even older than many universities. It started as the Athenaeum, which opened in 1831 in downtown Cincinnati. From 1869 to 1934, the high school was part of St. Xavier College, which is now called Xavier University. In 1960, the high school moved to its current location on a campus.

The "Bombers" football team and "Aquabombers" swimming and diving team are ranked nationally and often compete at state championships. The graduates of St. Xavier include many professional athletes, three Olympians, state and national politicians, and well-known authors and actors.

Arts and literature:

Politics:

Sports:

St. Xavier gave an honorary degree to Nick Clooney, a television news reporter, game show host, and politician who would have graduated in 1952.

In 1985, Urban Meyer worked as a football coach at St. Xavier. Later, he was the head football coach at the University of Utah, Bowling Green State University, and the University of Florida.



Gianni Versace

Gianni Versace (Reggio Calabria, 2 December 1946 – Miami Beach, Florida, 15 July 1997) was an Italian fashion designer and founder of Versace, an international fashion house.

The fashion house also produces accessories, fragrances, makeup and home furnishings as well as clothes. Versaci also designed costumes for the theatre and movies, and was a friend of Elton John, Sting, and Princess Diana among many others.

Openly gay, Versace and his partner Antonio D'Amico were regulars on the international party scene.

On July 15, 1997, he was murdered outside his Miami Beach home, the former Casa Casuarina, at the age of 50 by spree killer Andrew Cunanan.

On 15 July 1997, Andrew Cunanan fatally shot Versace on the steps of his Miami Beach mansion. Eight days later, Cunanan shot himself on a boat with the same gun he used to shoot Versace. Versace's body was cremated and his ashes were returned to the family's estate near Cernobbio, Italy.

In September 1997, it was announced Versace's brother, Santo Versace, and Jorge Saud would serve as the new CEOs of Gianni Versace S.P.A. Versace's sister, Donatella, became the new head of design.

In his will, Gianni Versace left 50 percent of his fashion empire to his niece Allegra Versace, daughter of Donatella. Allegra inherited this stake, worth around half a billion dollars, when she turned 18 in 2004. Her younger brother, Daniel, inherited Versace's rare artwork collection.


Cumilla District

Cumilla District is a district in the eastern region of Bangladesh, near the Tripura Division. Today it is a part of the Chittagong Division.

Cities under Cumilla district include:


Mymensingh District

Mymensingh District is a district in the northern region of Bangladesh. It is a part of the Mymensingh Division.

Jessore District

Jessore District is a district of Bangladesh. It is in the Khulna Division.


Khulna District

The Khulna District () is a district of Bangladesh. It is in the Khulna Division.

Bogra District

Bogra District ( "Bogura") is a district of Bangladesh. It is an industrial city.

Dinajpur District

Dinajpur District is a district of Bangladesh. It is in the Rangpur Division.

Rajshahi District

Rajshahi District is a district of Bangladesh. It is part of the Rajshahi Division.


Rangpur District

Rangpur District is a district of Bangladesh. It is part of the Rangpur Division.


Sylhet District

Sylhet District is a district of Bangladesh. It is one of the four districts in the Sylhet Division.

Most people living in the district follow Islam as a religion. More than 80% of people are Muslim. Hinduism is the second largest religion in this country.

Variations on a Rococo Theme

Variations on a Rococo Theme is a piece of music for cello and orchestra composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. It is one of the most popular pieces of music for cello and orchestra.

Tchaikovsky never composed a cello concerto, but he did write this work, which is a tune with a set of variations. It is called "Rococo" because the music is based on the style that was popular in the late 18th century, the period during the Classical period known as Rococo, the time of composers such as Mozart. The main theme is an original theme by Tchaikovsky, not a theme that had been composed by someone else in the 18th century.

Tchaikovsky wrote this piece for Wilhelm Fitzenhagen to play. He was a German cellist who lived in Russia. Like Tchaikovsky, he was a professor at the Moscow Conservatory. Fitzenhagen gave the first performance of the work in Moscow on 30 November 1877. Nikolai Rubinstein was the conductor.

What happened to the work after that first performance is an interesting story. Tchaikovsky himself had not been at the first performance because he was in Switzerland trying to calm himself down after a very short, disastrous marriage. He wanted to prepare the work so that it could be published. He sent Fitzhagen a short score (this is similar to an arrangement for the piano). He asked Fitzhagen to make any necessary changes to the cello part. Meanwhile, Tchaikovsky got on with the job of orchestrating the music (showing exactly what is played by each instrument).

However, Fitzhagen did not only make changes to the solo cello part. He made other changes as well. He left one of the variations out, and changed the order of some of the others. When the music was about to be published, Tchaikovsky saw what Fitzhagen had done. Tchaikovsky was very cross, but he decided to let the publishers print it like that anyway.

When it was published there was nothing in the score which said that Fitzhagen had made lots of changes. It was not until about 70 years later that people realized that Tchaikovsky’s original version had been different. Some cellists, such as Steven Isserlis, now choose to play Tchaikovsky’s original version. However, most cellists still prefer to play Fitzhagen’s version. It is hard to tell which one Tchaikovsky would have preferred. Maybe he let it be printed because he realized that Fitzhagen had improved it. We cannot tell. Musicians still argue about which version ought to be played.

The piece is written for an orchestra which is smaller than Tchaikovsky’s usual Romantic orchestral. It is like the ones from the time of Mozart. There are just two of each woodwind instrument, two horns, and strings.

The piece, which is about 20 minutes long, consists of a theme and seven variations (eight in Tchaikovsky's original version).


The work is occasionally played by other solo instruments. Maxim Rysanov plays it on the viola. He played it at the Last Night of the Proms in 2010.


Gravity assist

A gravitational slingshot, gravity assist maneuver or swing-by is the use of the relative movement and gravity of a planet to alter the path and speed of a spacecraft. This helps the spacecraft to save fuel, time, and expense. Gravity assistance can be used to speed up, slow down and/or change the path of a spacecraft. The "assist" is provided by the motion of the gravitating body as it pulls on the spacecraft. The Soviet Union used it first for the Luna 3 probe that photographed the far side of the Moon. The later Pioneer program used gravity assist in several missions. 

A gravity assist transfers kinetic energy from the gravitating body to the spacecraft. Energy cannot be created or destroyed, only transferred. 

Heliosphere

The heliosphere is the magnetosphere, stellar wind bubble and outermost atmospheric layer of the Sun. 

The heliosphere is the cavity made by the Sun in the interstellar medium. Almost all of the material in the heliosphere comes from the Sun itself. 

For the first ten billion kilometres of its radius, the solar wind travels at over a million kilometres per hour. It slows down before finally stopping altogether. The point where the solar wind slows down is the termination shock; the point where the interstellar medium and solar wind pressures balance is called the heliopause; the point where the interstellar medium, travelling in the opposite direction, slows down as it collides with the heliosphere is the bow shock. 

The solar wind is made of particles. They are charged (ionized) atoms from the solar corona, and fields, in particular magnetic fields. As the Sun rotates once in about 27 days, the magnetic field transported by the solar wind gets wrapped into a spiral. Differences in the Sun's magnetic field are carried outward by the solar wind and can produce magnetic storms in the Earth's magnetosphere.

In March 2005, measurements by the Solar Wind Anisotropies (SWAN) instrument onboard the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory (SOHO) showed that the heliosphere, the solar wind-filled volume which prevents the solar system from becoming embedded in the local (ambient) interstellar medium, is not axisymmetrical, but is distorted, very likely under the effect of the local galactic magnetic field.


Pakistani nationalism

Pakistani nationalism refers to the political, cultural, linguistic, historical and religious expression of patriotism by people of Pakistan, of pride in the History of Pakistan, Culture of Pakistan, identity and Cultural heritage of Pakistan, and visions for its future.

Most of modern-day Pakistani nationalism is centered around a common Indo-Iranic identity and heritage of 99% of the population. Kashmiris, Sindhis, Balochis, Punjabis, Pashtuns and other minorities are mainly of Indo-Iranic stock. It also refers to the consciousness and expression of religious influences that help mould the national consciousness. Nationalism describes the many underlying forces that moulded the Pakistan Movement, and strongly continue to influence the Politics of Pakistan.

From a political point of view and in the years leading up to the independence of Pakistan, the particular political and ideological foundations for the actions of the Muslim League can be called a Pakistani nationalist ideology. It is a unique and singular combination of philosophical, nationalistic, cultural and religious elements.

Blest Pair of Sirens

Blest Pair of Sirens is a short work for choir and orchestra by Hubert Parry. It was composed in 1887. It is a setting of an ode called "At a solemn Musick" by John Milton.

"Blest Pair of Sirens" was first performed by the Bach Choir conducted by Charles Villiers Stanford. At first Stanford wanted to perform another work by Parry: "The Glories of Our Blood and State". However, the performance was going to be part of Queen Victoria’s Golden Jubilee celebrations. The words of "The Glories of Our Blood and State" were about Death coming to kings and queens, so it was not thought to be appropriate, and so Stanford asked Parry to write a new work for the occasion. George Grove suggested Milton’s "Ode at a Solemn Music" would be a good poem for Parry to set.

The first performance of "Blest Pair of Sirens" at St James’s Hall took place on 17 May 1887. It is very well written for choir with music that excellently fits Milton’s powerful words. The choir divides into eight parts. The words are about man’s desire to join the heavenly music of the spheres.

"Blest Pair of Sirens" was sung by the choirs of Westminster Abbey and the Chapel Royal at the Royal Wedding of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Kate Middleton on 29 April 2011. It was performed during the signing of the register.

Albany, Oregon

Albany is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is the eleventh largest city in the state as of 2020, and is the county seat of Linn county. Albany is in the Willamette Valley where the Calapooia River and the Willamette River meet. Farming and manufacturing are both important in the city. Settlers started the community in 1848. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 56,472 with 75.8% of the population being White (non-Hispanic), and 14.1% being Hispanic or Latino.

Albany has a home rule charter and is a Council-Manager city. The City Manager administers the day-to-day operations and affairs of the city for the Council and is the head of the city. The city provides the population with access to over 30 parks and trails along with running the senior center and many cultural events such as River Rhythms and Mondays at Monteith. In addition to farming and manufacturing, important industries in the city include retail sales and health care. Recently, the city has fixed up the downtown shopping area with help from The Central Albany Revitalization Area (CARA) to make it a more important part of the economy.


Kutchi people

The Kutchi people (Gujarati: કચ્છી, ) live in the Kutch district of the northwestern India and the Sindh province of southern Pakistan.

Uruk

Uruk was an ancient city of Sumer and later Babylonia. It was east of the present bed of the Euphrates river, on the ancient dry former channel of the Euphrates River. It was in what is now Iraq.

Uruk gives its name to the Uruk period, the early Chalcolithic to early Bronze Age period in Mesopotamia, about 4000 to 3100 BC. This was followed by the period of Sumer proper. It played a leading role in the early urbanization of Sumer in the mid 4th millennium BC.

At its height c 2900 BC, Uruk probably had 50,000–80,000 residents living in 6 km of walled area. It was the largest city in the world at the time. 

According to the chronology in the Sumerian king list, the semi-mythical king Gilgamesh ruled Uruk in the 27th century BC.
The city lost its prime importance around 2000 BC, after the struggle of Babylonia with Elam. It remained inhabited throughout the Seleucid and Parthian periods until it was finally abandoned during the Sassanid period, just before the Islamic conquest of Mesopotamia.

The site of Uruk was discovered in 1849. The name of lower Mesopotamia, "al-ʿIrāq", is thought to be derived from the name "Uruk".

Tajik

Tajik might mean:


Tennis elbow

Tennis elbow or archer's elbow is a condition where the outer part of the elbow becomes sore and tender. It is often associated with playing tennis, golf or other kinds of sport that use a racquet.

The following can cause the condition:

There are few specific means of treatment, but certain general forms may help:

Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug

Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (often shortened to NSAIDs) are drugs that have analgesic or fever-reducing properties, but that are not based on steroids. Higher doses of such drugs can also be used to fight inflammation. Such drugs are special as they are not narcotic, that is they don't induce sleep. Well-known examples of such drugs are aspirin, diclofenac and ibuprofen.

Night of Champions (2010)

Night of Champions (2010) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), that took place on September 19, 2010 at the Allstate Arena in Chicago, Illinois. It was the fourth yearly event with the "Night of Champions" name. Similar to the last three events, the concept of the show was that every championship in the company was defended at the event. It is also the first Night of Champions event to feature a non-title match. 



Diclofenac

Diclofenac is a non-steroidal ant-inflammatory drug. It can be used as an analgesic and antipyretic. It is often used to treat bruises and strain injuiries. Research experiments conducted in 2013, showed that Diclofenac increased the risk of heart attacks and stroke.

Bullpup

A Bullpup is a firearm layout where the firing mechanism and magazine is behind the pistol grip.

Nippur

Nippur, or "Enlil" ('lord wind'), is modern "Nuffar" in Iraq. Nippur was one of the most ancient of all the Sumerian cities. It was the special seat of the worship of the Sumerian god, "Enlil", ruler of the cosmos (universe), and subject to "An" alone.

Nippur was always part of a larger empire. Its control was crucial, as it gave overall 'kingship' to monarchs from other city-states. It was a sacred city, important because it had the famous shrine of "Enlil".

Late in the 3rd millennium BC, Nippur was conquered and occupied by the Semitic rulers of Akkad, and their rulers, like Sargon, left gifts at this sanctuary. Another ruler, Naram-Suen, rebuilt the temple and the city walls; in the debris of this ancient site his remains were found. This Akkadian occupation was succeeded by an occupation during the third dynasty of Ur, and the constructions of Ur-Nammu, the great builder of temples, are on top of those of Naram.

Under the succeeding Kassite dynasty, shortly after the middle of the 2nd millennium, Nippur was restored once more to its former splendour.

After the middle of the 12th century BC follows a long period of neglect, but after with the conquest of Babylonia by the Assyrian Sargon II, at the close of the 8th century BC, the city revives. Under Ashurbanipal, about the middle of the 7th century BC, we find Ekur restored with a splendour greater than ever before, the ziggurat of that period being 58 by 39 m.

After that Nippur appears to have gradually fallen into decay, until finally, in the Seleucid period, the ancient temple was turned into a fortress. Huge walls were built at the edges of the ancient terrace, and the courts of the temple were filled with houses and streets. This fortress was occupied and further built upon until the close of the Parthian period, about AD 250.

Under the rule of the Sassanids Nippur fell into decay, and the ancient sanctuary became only a little village of mud huts huddled about the ancient ziggurat. The city was the seat of a Christian diocese as late as the 8th century AD.

Nippur was situated on both sides of the Shatt-en-Nil canal, one of the earliest courses of the Euphrates. It lies between the present bed of that river and the Tigris, almost 160 km southeast of Baghdad. It is divided into two main parts by the dry bed of the old Shatt-en-Nil (Arakhat). The highest point of these ruins, a conical hill rising about 30 m above the level of the surrounding plain, northeast of the canal bed, is called by the Arabs "Bint el-Amiror" ('prince's daughter').

Nippur was first excavated, briefly, by Sir Austen Henry Layard in 1851.
Full scale digging was begun by an expedition from the University of Pennsylvania. The work involved four seasons of excavation between 1889 and 1900. Nippur was also excavated for 19 seasons between 1948 and 1990.

Bhirdana

Bhirdana is a village in the Fatehabad district in the Indian state of Haryana. In 2003, archaeologists found the remains of an ancient town which belonged to the Indus Valley civilization. They found a well, part of a defensive town wall, pottery, bricks, and beads made from semi-precious stones. These are said to be about 5,000 years old. Archaeologists were looking for evidence of the Saraswati River, which has disappeared under farmlands. For many years people believed the river was a myth. It is now known that the village of Bhirdana was built on the banks of the river.

Vassily Ivanchuk

Vassily Ivanchuk, born 18 March 1969, is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster.

Chucky, as he is affectionately known, has been a leading player in the world since 1988, at times reaching the second spot on the FIDE list, but has never won the World Chess Championship. Ivanchuk has often had erratic results. Since 2007 his world ranking has ranged from twelfth to second, before dropping to 30th in July 2009.

He was the 2007–2008 World Blitz Chess champion.
He won Amber blindfold and rapid chess championship in 1992 and 2010.

Chucky has been described by Viswanathan Anand as the most eccentric player in the chess world. Anand gave his view on Ivanchuk like this:

When he plays, Ivanchuk rarely looks at the board. Instead he stares at the ceiling and at the walls with a blank stare (although this is not uncommon with top players who calculate without looking at the board). His playing style is unpredictable and highly original, making him a threat to any chess player, although it sometimes also leads to quick losses.

After a string of unsuccessful games culminated in his elimination at the early stages of the 2009 Chess World Cup, Ivanchuk announced, in a highly emotional interview, his retirement from professional chess. However, he soon recanted this decision.

Dmitry Jakovenko

Dmitry Jakovenko (born 29 June 1983) is a Russian chess grandmaster. 

On the July 2009 FIDE rating list, Jakovenko had a rating of 2760, but he has slipped a bit since then. He shared first in the Russian Championship 2006, losing the playoff against Evgeny Alekseev.

Vladimir Malakhov

Vladimir Malakhov (born 27 November 1980) is a chess grandmaster from Russia.

He was a member of the gold medal-winning Russian team at the 2009 World Team Chess Championship in Bursa.

Malakhov is qualified as a nuclear physicist, and he used to be an amateur chess player. Now he's a professional chess player who works part-time as a nuclear physicist.

David Guetta

Pierre David Guetta (; born 7 November 1967) is a French music producer, singer and DJ of Jewish descent. He originally was a DJ at nightclubs during the 1980s and 1990s. He later co-founded "Gum Productions" and published his first album, "Just a Little More Love", in 2001. Later, he published "Guetta Blaster" (2004) and "Pop Life" (2007). His 2009 dance-pop album "One Love" included the hit singles "When Love Takes Over" (featuring Kelly Rowland), "Gettin' Over You" (featuring Chris Willis, Fergie & LMFAO) and "Sexy Bitch" (featuring Akon). The latter became a top five hit in the US and all three reached number 1 in the UK. He has worked with many R&B, pop and hip hop artists including Akon, Chris Willis, Kelly Rowland, Lil' Wayne, Kelis, Madonna, Kid Cudi, Estelle, Fergie, Amy Palmer, K'naan, will.i.am, LMFAO, Dane Bowers, Flo Rida, Shakira, Julie Mcknight and apl.de.ap.

Kevin Durant

Kevin Wayne Durant (born September 29, 1988 in Washington, D.C., United States) is an American professional Basketball player for the Brooklyn Nets of the NBA. A small forward/shooting guard who is also capable of playing power forward, Durant was the consensus 2007 National College Player of the Year and the 2006–2007 Big 12 Player of the Year. After his freshman season at the University of Texas, Durant opted to enter the 2007 NBA Draft, where he was selected second overall pick by the Seattle SuperSonics. He scored 18 points in his first game. There he went on to win the NBA Rookie of the Year Award after his debut season. In 2007, Durant signed an endorsement contract with Nike.

On July 4, 2016, he signed with the Golden State Warriors. He played with the Oklahoma City Thunder from 2007-2016. He signed with the Brooklyn Nets in July 2019.

In March 2020, Durant, including three other Nets' players, tested positive for COVID-19. He was cured of the virus by April.

Manganese(III) oxide

Manganese(III) oxide is a chemical compound. It has manganese in its +3 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is MnO. It is a brown or black solid. It is made by heating manganese(IV) oxide to a temperature lower than . It is made in an alkaline cell when it dies.


Manganese(III) fluoride

Manganese(III) fluoride, also known as manganese trifluoride, is a chemical compound. It contains manganese and fluoride ions. The manganese ions are in the +3 oxidation state. Its chemical formula is MnF. It is a purple-pink powder. It is used to add fluoride ions to other chemical compounds. It is an oxidizing agent. It is made by heating manganese(II) fluoride with fluorine. These are in a solution of hydrofluoric acid. It decomposes to manganese(II) fluoride when heated.

It can form hydrofluoric acid when dissolved in water, so it can be dangerous. It should not be stored in glass.


Manganese(II) fluoride

Manganese(II) fluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is MnF. It is made by reacting manganese(II) carbonate or manganese(II) oxide with hydrofluoric acid. It is used to make other manganese fluorides. It is also used in lasers. It is much less reactive than the other manganese fluorides.


Manganese(IV) fluoride

Manganese(IV) fluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is MnF. It contains manganese and fluoride ions. The manganese ions are in the +4 oxidation state. It is a light blue-green solid. It is very reactive. It can form very reactive fluorine gas easily. It can be made by reacting fluorine or strong oxidizing agents containing fluorine with several manganese compounds. It was used to make fluorine without using electrolysis. It is much more reactive than manganese(IV) oxide.


Manganese fluoride

Manganese fluoride can refer to any of these following compounds:


Res Gestae Divi Augusti

The Res Gestae Divi Augusti (Latin: “Deeds of the divine Augustus”) is a funerary inscription detailing the life and achievements of the first Roman Emperor, Augustus. The original inscription, which has not survived, was engraved upon a pair of bronze pillars which were placed in front of Augustus' mausoleum. Various copies of the text were found throughout the Roman Empire, the most notable being a nearly full copy, written in both Greek and Latin, found preserved on a temple dedicated to Augustus in Ankara, Turkey. Most historians have concluded that Augustus wrote several versions during his life and kept updating them until the final version which is usually dated to the same year as Augustus' death in 14 AD. 

As a source, the "Res Gestae" is not fully accurate. Whilst not lying, he does not mention some things such as his proscriptions of his enemies. He refers to his rival Marc Antony as 'a faction'. The inscription says much about the money he spent on the people, Rome and the empire. It also says frequently that he has "restored the republic" and only gains his titles because of the universal support from the people and, most importantly, the Senate.

The "Res Gestae Divi Augusti" is grouped into four sections:



Potassium fluoride

Potassium fluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KF. It contains potassium and fluoride ions. 

Potassium fluoride is a colorless crystalline solid. It rarely occurs in the ground. It dissolves easily in water. It can react with glass. Hydrofluoric acid is more effective at reacting with glass, though. It has to be stored in plastic or platinum containers.

Potassium fluoride is made by reacting potassium carbonate with hydrofluoric acid. This reaction can make potassium bifluoride. Potassium bifluoride is a mixture of hydrofluoric acid and potassium fluoride. 

It is used because of its fluoride ion. It can be used to add fluoride ions to some chemical compounds.

Potassium fluoride is somewhat toxic. It is corrosive to glass. It can burn when spilled on skin.


Goy

Goy is a word used in the Jewish Bible for “Nation”. In the Roman times, it also began to mean “non-Jew”. 
It is used for referring to non-Jewish groups of people. If it is used for multiple groups or nations, the plural word Goyim is used instead.

Sodium permanganate

Sodium permanganate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaMnO. It contains sodium and permanganate ions.

It is a purple-black crystalline solid. It can dissolve in water to make a bright pink solution. It dissolves in water more than potassium permanganate. It is more expensive than potassium permanganate. It also absorbs water from the air. It is a strong oxidizing agent. 

It cannot be made in the way that potassium permanganate is made because sodium manganate is not made. It can be made by reacting pure manganese(IV) oxide with sodium hypochlorite. It can also be made by reacting potassium permanganate with certain sodium compounds.

It can be used to make circuit boards.

Permanganates are toxic. They are also strong oxidizing agents and should be kept away from things that can burn.


Manganate

Manganate normally means the MnO ion. It is a bright green ion. It is made during the making of permanganates. It is a weak reducing agent and moderate oxidizing agent. They are similar to the sulfate (SO) and chromate (CrO) ions. Potassium manganate is an example.


Battle of the Catalaunian Plains

The Battle of the Catalaunian Plains (also called the "Battle of Châlons-sur-Marne" or "Battle of Châlons") was a battle in 451 AD. It took place in Châlons-sur-Marne, in northeast Gaul (nowadays France). Roman legions commanded by Flavius Aetius allied with Visigoth soldiers led by Theodoric I, to defeat the armies of Attila the Hun. 

Attila's armies consisted mainly of horsemen. The battle ended as a stalemate - and thus a victory for the West, the Huns having suffered too many losses to continue their attack. The battle of the Catalaunian Plains crushed Attila's dreams of invading the Roman empire, and ultimately was the end of his empire in Europe. But the battle also weakened the already fragile Western Roman Empire, which collapsed 25 years later, in 476.

Greek fire

Invented by Byzantines, Greek fire was a fearsome weapon. It had the ability to keep burning while on water. As such, it was often used in naval battles. The creation of it was a closely guarded secret and has now been lost. It was very similar to modern napalm, though it was weaker. Byzantine ships attached it to their fronts as a medival sort of flamethrower. After several accidents of the fire burning its own ship, it was no longer used.

The term "Greek fire" is normally used in English. However, most other languages use other terms such as "sea fire" (Greek: πῦρ θαλάσσιον), "Roman fire" (πῦρ ῥωμαϊκόν), "war fire" (πολεμικὸν πῦρ), "liquid fire" (ὑγρὸν πῦρ), or "processed fire" (πῦρ σκευαστόν).

Siphonophore

The Siphonophores are an order of cnidarian invertebrates in the class Hydrozoa. The Portuguese man o' war is an example. 

A siphonophore is not a single animal. It is a colony of four kinds of zooids. Zooids are very small, highly modified individuals. All the zooids in a colony are genetically identical. These zooids are specialized polyps and medusoids. 

Though structurally similar to other cnidarians, the zooids do not live by themselves: they are attached to each other. Each type of zooid is not self-sufficient. It depends for survival on the others doing what it cannot do by itself.

So close do the zooids fit together that the colony looks like a single individual. It was a triumph of 19th century biology to discover the real nature of the siphonophores.


Potassium manganate

Potassium manganate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KMnO. It contains potassium and manganate ions.

Potassium manganate is a green solid. It can disproportionate into potassium permanganate and manganese(IV) oxide. This happens in acidic pH. This reaction, because of its color change, is known as a "chemical chameleon".

It is made by reacting manganese(IV) oxide with very hot potassium hydroxide. Sometimes oxygen or potassium nitrate is used as the oxidizing agent. This makes potassium manganate. Normally the potassium manganate is converted to potassium permanganate. Potassium permanganate is more common. Potassium iodide can reduce potassium permanganate to potassium manganate. It can also be made by reacting hot potassium permanganate with potassium hydroxide. This makes oxygen and potassium manganate.

Potassium manganate does not have many uses. It is mainly made when potassium permanganate is made.

Potassium manganate is a moderate oxidizing agent. When it is reduced, it can made black or brown stains on glass, clothing, or skin.


Sodium manganate

Sodium manganate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaMnO. It contains sodium and manganate ions. It is a bright green solid. It cannot be made by reacting manganese dioxide with sodium hydroxide, like potassium manganate is made. It is made by reacting hot sodium hydroxide with sodium permanganate. This releases oxygen and makes sodium manganate. It is more expensive than potassium manganate because it is harder to make.


Hypomanganate

Hypomanganate is an ion. Its chemical formula is MnO. It is bright blue. It disproportionates into manganates and manganese(IV) oxide easily. This can be stopped by adding a lot of a base. They are both reducing agents and oxidizing agents. They are made by reducing manganates with sulfites and hydrogen peroxide. 


Potassium hypomanganate

Potassium hypomanganate is a chemical compound. It contains potassium and hypomanganate ions. It is a bright blue solid. It is unstable and rare. It can be made several ways: reduction of potassium permanganate with potassium sulfite; reduction of potassium manganate with hydrogen peroxide and potassium hydroxide; and disproportionation when manganese dioxide is dissolved in potassium hydroxide. It disproportionates into potassium manganate and manganese dioxide easily. Only a strong base can stop it from disproportionation.


Potassium sulfite

Potassium sulfite is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KSO. It contains potassium and sulfite ions. 

It is a white crystalline solid. It is a reducing agent. It can react with oxidizing agents to make potassium sulfate. 

It is made by reacting sulfur dioxide with potassium hydroxide.

It is used to preserve food. Sulfites can cause allergies in some people, though. 


Ray Ceresino

Ray Ceresino (April 24, 1929 – May 1, 2015) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger. He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the NHL. He was born in Port Arthur, Ontario.

Tom Cook

Thomas John Cook (May 7, 1907 – October 2, 1961) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 348 games in the National Hockey League. Born in Fort William, Ontario, he played for the Montreal Maroons and Chicago Black Hawks. He won the Stanley Cup in 1934 with the Chicago Black Hawks.

Dave Creighton

David Theodore Creighton (June 24, 1930 – August 18, 2017) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward. He was born in Port Arthur, Ontario.

Creighton started his National Hockey League career with the Boston Bruins in 1948. He would also play with the Toronto Maple Leafs, Chicago Black Hawks, and New York Rangers. He left the NHL after the 1960 season. He played several more seasons in the AHL before retiring after the 1969 season. After this, he coached the Providence Reds from 1969 to 1970.

Creighton died at his home in Wesley Chapel, Florida on August 18, 2017 at the age of 87.

Frank Daley

Francis Patrick Denis "Dapper Dan" Daley (August 28, 1908 – October 15, 1968) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played for the Detroit Cougars in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Reg Noble

Edward Reginald Noble (June 23, 1895 – January 19, 1962) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 17 professional seasons in the National Hockey Association (NHA) and National Hockey League (NHL) for the Toronto Blueshirts, Montreal Canadiens, Toronto St. Pats, Montreal Maroons, Detroit Cougars, Detroit Falcons and Detroit Red Wings. He was a three-time winner of the Stanley Cup, with Toronto and Montreal and was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1962. He was also the last active NHL player from both the NHL's inaugural season and the 1910s.

Source: 


Source: 

Larry Aurie

Harry Lawrence "Little Dempsey" Aurie (February 8, 1905 in Sudbury, Ontario – December 12, 1952 in Detroit, Michigan) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played 11 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Cougars, Detroit Falcons and Detroit Red Wings.



Hurricane Gloria

Hurricane Gloria was an Atlantic tropical cyclone in September 1985. The storm was the first major storm to affect Long Island and New York directly since Hurricane Donna 25 years before.

The storm started as a tropical depression on September 16; it became Tropical Storm Gloria on September 17.

On September 18, it weakened back to a tropical depression. Two days later, it became a tropical storm again.

After being a weak tropical cyclone for several days, on September 22, Gloria became a hurricane. It quickly became stronger on September 24; the next day, its winds peaked at 145 mph. A 2008 reanalysis later found the winds had been even stronger.

On September 27, the hurricane struck eastern North Carolina as a Category 2 storm. It then moved up the East Coast of the United States. Later that day, the storm struck western Long Island, with winds of 85 mph. One hour after striking Long Island, it hit near Westport, Connecticut.

Gloria moved northeast through Atlantic Canada.

Damage from the storm was $900 million.

The death toll from the storm was fourteen.

The name "Gloria" was later retired and replaced with "Grace".

Amherst, Nova Scotia

Amherst is a Canadian town in northwestern Cumberland County, Nova Scotia.

Immune system

The immune system is the set of tissues which work together to resist infections. The immune mechanisms help an organism identify a pathogen, and neutralize its threat.

The immune system can detect and identify many different kinds of disease agents. Examples are viruses, bacteria and parasites. The immune system can detect a difference between the body's own healthy cells or tissues, and 'foreign' cells. Detecting an unhealthy intruder is complicated, because intruders can evolve and adapt so that the immune system will no longer detect them.

Once a foreign cell or protein is detected, the immune system creates antibodies to fight the intruders, and sends special cells ('phagocytes') to eat them up.

Even simple unicellular organisms such as bacteria possess enzyme systems that protect against viral infections. Basic immune mechanisms appeared in ancient life forms and remain in their modern descendants, such as plants and insects. These mechanisms include antimicrobial peptides (called defensins), phagocytosis, and the complement system. These make up the innate immune system, which defends the host from infections in a non-specific way. The simplest innate system is the cell wall or barrier on the outside to stop intruders getting in. For example, skin stops most outside bacteria getting in.

The innate immune system responds very quickly to anything foreign that enters the body. When something gets past the skin, as through a cut, the immune cells work to find the intruder and to alert each other of the foreign object. Small immune cells bring other cells from all over the body to the site where the foreign object was found. Other immune cells can send out messengers to cells nearby to have them help attack the foreign object. This process can make the skin look red and feel hot. Phagocyte cells eat anything foreign that enters the body. This response is called non-specific because it responds the same way to anything foreign that enters the body from germs to a piece of dust.

Vertebrates, including humans, have much more sophisticated defense mechanisms. The innate immune system is found in all metazoa, but the adaptive immune system is only found in vertebrates.

The adaptive immune response gives the vertebrate immune system the ability to "recognize and remember specific pathogens". The system mounts stronger attacks each time the pathogen is encountered. It is adaptive, because the body's immune system prepares itself for future challenges.

The typical vertebrate immune system consists of many types of proteins, cells, organs, and tissues that interact in a complex and ever-changing network. This acquired immunity creates a kind of "immunological memory".

The process of acquired immunity is the basis of vaccination. Primary response can take 2 days to 2 weeks to develop. After the body gains immunity towards a certain pathogen, if infection by that pathogen occurs again, the immune response is called the "secondary response".

In some organisms, the immune system has its own problems within itself, called "disorders". These result in other diseases, including autoimmune diseases, inflammatory diseases and possibly even cancer. Immunodeficiency diseases occur when the immune system is less active than normal. Immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic (inherited) disease, or an infection, such as the acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS), that is caused by the retrovirus HIV, or other causes.

In contrast, autoimmune diseases result from an immune system that attacks normal tissues as if they were foreign organisms. Common autoimmune diseases include Hashimoto's thyroiditis, rheumatoid arthritis, Type 1 diabetes, and Lupus erythematosus.

Immunology is the study of all aspects of the immune system. It is very important to health and diseases.

Immunology is scientific part of medicine that studies the causes of immunity to disease. For many centuries people have noticed that those who recover from some infectious diseases do not get that illness a second time.

In the 18th century, Pierre Louis Maupertuis made experiments with scorpion venom and saw that certain dogs and mice were immune to this venom. This and other observations of acquired immunity led to Louis Pasteur (1822–1895) developing vaccination and the germ theory of disease. Pasteur's theory was in direct opposition to contemporary theories of disease, such as the miasma theory. It was not until the proofs Robert Koch (1843–1910) published in 1891 (for which he was awarded a Nobel Prize in 1905) that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease. Viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901, when the yellow fever virus was discovered by Walter Reed (1851–1902).

Immunology made a great advance towards the end of the 19th century, through rapid developments, in the study of humoral immunity and cellular immunity. Particularly important was the work of Paul Ehrlich (1854–1915), who proposed the side-chain theory to explain the specificity of the antigen-antibody reaction. The Nobel Prize for 1908 was jointly awarded to Ehrlich and the founder of cellular immunology, Ilya Mechnikov (1845–1916).

The immune system is extremely ancient. It may go back to single-celled eukaryotes which needed to distinguish between what was food and what was part of themselves.


Sulfur hexafluoride

Sulfur hexafluoride, also known as sulfur(VI) fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SF. It contains sulfur in its +6 oxidation state. It also contains fluoride ions.

BBC News says "It's the most powerful greenhouse gas known to humanity, and emissions have risen rapidly in recent years. Sulphur hexafluoride, or SF6, is widely used in the electrical industry to prevent short circuits and accidents. Leaks of the little-known gas in the UK and the rest of the EU in 2017 were the equivalent of putting an extra 1.3 million cars on the road".

Sulfur hexafluoride is a colorless, odorless gas. It is very heavy for a gas (about 5 times heavier than air). It is non reactive, and hard to find anything that reacts with it. It is a strong greenhouse gas. This has made people put some restrictions on using it.

It is made by reacting sulfur with fluorine. That combination also makes toxic disulfur decafluoride, which has to be removed.

It is used in electronics and various electrical devices. It can be used in the body since it is not toxic. It can be used as a test gas to look where gas flows in a heater system, for example. It is detected easily. It is used in some torpedoes. Lithium is one of the only things that reacts with sulfur hexafluoride. Sulfur hexafluoride is sprayed on lithium. This makes the lithium very hot. It creates steam from water and shoots the torpedo. It can be breathed in to make the voice deeper. This is the opposite of breathing in helium gas.

Sulfur hexafluoride is not toxic. It can fill up in closed spaces though. A person may suffocate in the closed space if sulfur hexafluoride has pushed out the oxygen from the space.

According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, is the most potent greenhouse gas that it has evaluated, with a global warming potential (GWP) of 22,800 times that of when compared over a 100-year period. Measurements of SF show that its global average mixing ratio has increased by about 0.2 ppt per year to over 7 ppt. Sulfur hexafluoride is also extremely long-lived. It is inert in the troposphere and stratosphere. It has an estimated atmospheric lifetime of 800–3200 years. is very stable. (For countries reporting their emissions to the UNFCCC, a GWP of 23,900 for was suggested at the third Conference of the Parties: GWP used in Kyoto protocol). Average global SF concentrations increased by about seven percent per year during the 1980s and 1990s, mostly as the result of its use in the magnesium production industry, and by electrical utilities and electronics manufacturers. Given the low amounts of SF released compared to carbon dioxide, its overall contribution to global warming is estimated to be less than 0.2 percent.

In Europe, falls under the F-Gas directive which ban or control its use in several ways. Since 1 January 2006, is banned as a tracer gas and in all applications except high-voltage switchgear.

Salt

Gallery

An art gallery is a place where art is displated. Gallery may also refer to:


Disulfur decafluoride

Disulfur decafluoride, also known as sulfur pentafluoride and sulfur(V) fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SF. It contains sulfur in its +5 oxidation state.

Disulfur decafluoride is a colorless liquid. It has no odor. It is very toxic. It disproportionates to sulfur hexafluoride and sulfur tetrafluoride when heated. It reacts with sulfur dioxide. It also can react with chlorine, bromine, and ammonia. It is more toxic than phosgene. 

It was thought of as a poison gas in World War II, but it was never used. It has almost no uses.


List of Formula One Grand Prix winners

Formula One, abbreviated to F1, is a form of open-wheeled auto racing. It is the highest class defined by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), motorsport's world governing body. The "formula" in the name refers to a set of rules. These rules tell the builders and drivers of the cars what they may and may not do. The F1 world championship season is a series of races. These races are known as Grands Prix. They are usually held on purpose-built circuits. In a few places, they are held on closed city streets. The most famous Grand Prix is the Monaco Grand Prix in Monte Carlo. The top finisher of each race are awarded championship points. The points are added up at the end of they year. There are two yearly Championships. The one for drivers and one for constructors.

Michael Schumacher holds the record for the most Grand Prix victories. He has won 91 times. Alain Prost is second with 51 wins, and Ayrton Senna is third with 41 wins. Michael Schumacher also has the longest time between his first win and his last. He won his first Grand Prix in at the Belgian Grand Prix, and his last in at the Chinese Grand Prix, a span of 14 years, 1 month and 1 day. The youngest winner of a Grand Prix is Sebastian Vettel, who was 21 years, 73 days old when he won the Italian Grand Prix in . Luigi Fagioli is the oldest winner of a Formula One Grand Prix. He was 53 years and 22 days old when he won the French Grand Prix.

As of the , there have been 109 different Formula One Grand Prix winners. The 100th Grand Prix winner was Heikki Kovalainen at the Hungarian Grand Prix. 746 drivers have started a Grand Prix race.
"All figures correct as of the 2016_Australian_Grand_Prix"
List of races won by nationality of driver.

"All figures are correct as of 31 July 2011.



Turdidae

The Turdidae are a family of passerine songbirds, the thrushes. It includes the common song thrush and the blackbird. Most authorities now place this group in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae.

Paridae

The Paridae is a family of tiny birds, the tits (called 'chickadees' or 'titmice' in North America). They are passerine songbirds which are native to the northern hemisphere and Africa. Most of them used to be classified in the genus "Parus", which has now been split up.

These birds are mainly small stocky woodland species with short stout bills. Some have crests. They range in length from 10 to 22 centimetres. They are adaptable birds, with a mixed diet including seeds and insects. 

Many species will live around human habitation and come readily to bird feeders for nuts or seed, and learn to take other foods. In Britain, great tits and blue tits learned to break through the foil caps sealing bottles of milk on doorsteps, to get at the cream on top. Of course, the change in milk packaging has robbed them of this delicacy.

These are hole-nesting birds, typically using trees, although some species build nests on the ground. They lay anything from three to nineteen speckled white eggs, depending on species.

The tits are active, noisy, social birds. They are territorial during the breeding season. The tits are highly adaptable and, after the corvids (crows and jays) and parrots, amongst the most intelligent of all birds.

The tits make a variety of calls and songs. They are amongst the most vocal of all birds, calling continuously and loudly. They are only ever silent for reasons such as avoiding predators or when intruding on a rival's territory. Quiet calls are made while feeding to keep contact with others in their social group. Other calls are used for signalling alarm—the most famous of which is the "Chic-a-dee-dee" of North American species in the genus "Poecile". The call also serves a rallying call to summon others to mob and harass the predator. It has been demonstrated through experiments that the number of "dee" syllables at the end of the call increases with the level of danger the predator poses.

The tits are insectivorous, and eat a wide range of small insects and other invertebrates, particularly small leaf-eating caterpillars. They also eat seeds and nuts, especially in winter. A typical activity is "hanging", where they inspect a branch or twig and leaves from all angles while hanging upside down to feed. 

In areas with several species of tit, the different species will forage (search) in different parts of a tree. Larger species search on the ground, medium sized species search on larger branches, and the smallest species on the ends of branches. If they get larger prey or seeds, tits will do 'hold-hammering'. They hold the item with one foot, and hammer it with their bill (beak) until it is open. In this way they can open hazelnuts in 20 minutes. 

Many birds store food in a cache or hiding place. They hoard supplies of food for the winter. These caches are usually of seeds but may be of insects.


Sulfur tetrafluoride

Sulfur tetrafluoride, also known as sulfur(IV) fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SF. It contains sulfur in its +4 oxidation state.

Sulfur tetrafluoride is a colorless gas. It is toxic and corrosive. It releases hydrogen fluoride when exposed to water.

It is made by reacting sodium fluoride, chlorine, and sulfur dichloride. The chlorine does not have to be included. If no chlorine is used, other products form that need to be taken out.

Sulfur tetrafluoride is used to make organic molecules containing fluoride ions. It is not used much.


Sulfur dichloride

Sulfur dichloride, also known as sulfur(II) chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SCl. It contains sulfur in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains chloride ions.

Sulfur dichloride is a red liquid. It has a strong odor. It is a common sulfur chloride. It reacts with water to make hydrochloric acid and sulfur dioxide. When it is old, it might have some chlorine in it. It reacts with fluorides to make sulfur tetrafluoride.

It is made by reacting chlorine with sulfur. Disulfur dichloride is an intermediate. It is also a common impurity in sulfur dichloride. 


Disulfur dichloride

Disulfur dichloride, also known as sulfur(I) chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SCl. It contains sulfur in its +1 oxidation state. It contains chlorine in its -1 oxidation state.

It is a yellow or orange liquid. It smokes in air because it reacts with water. It releases sulfur, sulfur dioxide, and hydrochloric acid when reacted with water. It reacts with chlorine to make sulfur dichloride. It can dissolve sulfur. 

It is made by reacting a little chlorine with sulfur. A lot of chlorine would make sulfur dichloride.

It is used to place sulfur atoms some organic compounds.


Sulfur fluoride

Sulfur fluoride can refer to any of these chemical compounds:


Sulfur chloride

Sulfur chloride can refer to any of these chemical compounds:


Tetrasulfur tetranitride

Tetrasulfur tetranitride, also known as tetrasulphur tetranitride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SN. It contains sulfur in its +3 oxidation state. It also contains nitride ions.

It is a gold solid. It is an explosive, releasing sulfur and nitrogen when detonated. The purer the substance is, the more easily it explodes. It is pale yellow when cold, orange at normal temperature, and red when hot. It reacts with bases. It can be split into disulfur dinitride when it is reacted with silver. It does not dissolve in water.

It can be made by reacting disulfur dichloride with ammonia. It can also be made by reacting ammonium chloride with disulfur dichloride. 

It can be used to react with many organic compounds.

It is an explosive, so it should not be ground. Explosion releases harmless nitrogen and sulfur.


Sulfur nitride

Sulfur nitride can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Disulfur dinitride

Disulfur dinitride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SN. It contains sulfur in its +3 oxidation state. It also contains nitride ions.

Disulfur dinitride is a colorless crystalline solid. It is explosive, similar to tetrasulfur tetranitride. It easily evaporates. It does not dissolve in water. It turns back into tetrasulfur tetranitride when exposed to water. 

Disulfur dinitride is produced by reacting elemental silver with tetrasulfur tetranitride. This forms silver(I) sulfide, which acts as a catalyst. This reaction happens in a vacuum.

It reacts with some chemical compounds that are acids. 


I puritani

I puritani is an Italian opera in three acts by Vincenzo Bellini, first performed in Paris, on January 25, 1835, libretto by Carlo Pepoli, after Jacques Ancelot and Xavier Boniface Saintine's "Têtes Rondes et Cavaliers", itself based on Sir Walter Scott's "Old Morality". Bellini's last work and one of his greatest triumphs. 



La sonnambula

La sonnambula is an Italian opera in two acts by Vincenzo Bellini, first performed at La Scala in Milan, on March 6, 1831, libretto by Felice Romani, after Eugène Sribe's ballet-pantomime "La somnanbule". Bellini's most pastoral work, it was an immediate success and is still regularly performed. 




Mary Quant

Dame Barbara Mary Quant (11 February 1930 – 13 April 2023) was a British fashion designer. In 1963, she won the "Sunday Times" International Fashion Award, and was chosen as "Woman of the Year". 

Quant is famous as a designer who invented the miniskirt and hot pants. She was also instrumental in the mod fashion movement, and known for her use of pop art in fashion.

Born to Welsh parents in Blackheath, London, Quant went to Blackheath High School, then studied illustration at Goldsmiths College. Her first employment was as a couture milliner (hat maker).

In November 1955, she teamed up with her husband, Alexander Plunket Greene, and a former solicitor, Archie McNair, to open a clothes shop on the Kings Road in Chelsea called Bazaar. Bazaar's best sellers were small white plastic collars to brighten up black dresses or t-shirts. Black stretch stockings were also popular.

Skirts had been getting shorter since about 1958 – a development Mary Quant thought was practical and liberating, allowing women to run for a bus. The miniskirt, which she is most famous for, became one of the defining fashions of the 1960s. The miniskirt was also developed separately by André Courrèges and John Bates, and there is disagreement as to who came up with the idea first. Like most fashion, the short- and ever-shorter skirt was evolving already among fashion-minded young women: the designers who adapted it just helped spread the style and, in Quant's case, gave it a name. Mary Quant named the miniskirt after her favourite make of car, the Mini. She loved the car so much, she had one designed especially for her.

Quant's first collection of underwear was designed to be worn with the miniskirt look. She renamed the basics "booby traps and bacon savers" (bras and tights), which appealed to her young customers. 

In addition to the miniskirt, Mary Quant is often credited with inventing the coloured and patterned tights (pantyhose) that often went with the miniskirt. These are also attributed to Cristobal Balenciaga or John Bates. 

Tights worn over briefs or bikini panties were an essential accessory to the miniskirt, because the older method of stockings plus suspenders was no longer suitable, and legs need to be covered for most of the year in Britain. Often there would be a second pair of coloured short pants on top of the tights, for show. A range of materials and colours were used for the tights.

In the late 1960s, Quant popularised hot pants. Through the 1970s and 1980s she concentrated on household goods and make-up, rather than just her clothing lines. At a talk at the Victoria and Albert Museum in 2007 she claimed to have invented duvet covers.

She is a Fellow of the Chartered Society of Designers, and winner of the "Minerva Medal", the Society's highest award. In 1963 Quant was the first winner of the 'Dress of the Year' award.

In 2000 she resigned as director of "Mary Quant Ltd.", her cosmetics company, after a Japanese buy-out. There are over 200 Mary Quant Colour shops in Japan, where Quant fashions continue to enjoy popularity.


Roméo et Juliette

Roméo et Juliette is a French opera in five acts by Charles Gounod, first performed in Paris, on April 27, 1867, libretto by Jules Barbier et Michel Carré, after Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet". One of Gounod's most successful works, it contains his most beautiful and melodious music. It is still regularly performed. 



Roberta Peters

Roberta Peters (May 4, 1930 – January 18, 2017) is an American soprano. She had a long and successful career at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City. She was particularly associated with light coloratura roles in Italian, French and German operas. 

Born Roberta Peterman in New York City, she began vocal study at the age of 13 with William Herman, encouraged by tenor Jan Peerce, a family friend. 

She made her unscheduled debut (as an emergency replacement) at the Metropolitan Opera, on November 17, 1950, as Zerlina in "Don Giovanni", aged only 20 and having no previous stage experience. The success was immediate. Her well schooled voice, good looks and charming personality quickly made her a great favorite of this theatre where she was to sing regularly for 35 seasons.

Some of her most performed roles include; Susanna ("Le nozze di Figaro"), Despina ("Cosi fan tutte"), The Queen of the Night ("The Magic Flute"), Rosina ("Il barbiere di Siviglia"), Adina ("L'elisir d'amore"), Norina ("Don Pasquale"), Lucia ("Lucia di Lammermoor"), Gilda ("Rigoletto"), Oscar ("Un ballo in maschera"), Nanetta ("Falstaff"), Olympia ("Les contes d'Hoffmann"), Sophie ("Der Rosenkavalier"), Zerbinetta ("Ariadne auf Naxos"), etc.

She also appeared abroad, notably at the Royal Opera House in London in 1951, as Arline in "The Bohemian Girl", and later appeared at the Vienna State Opera, the Salzburg Festival, the Bolshoi in Moscow. She also made several appearances on television, notably on "The Ed Sullivan Show". 

Roberta Peters retired from the stage in 1985, but continued to give recital until recent years. She was briefly married to baritone Robert Merrill.

Peters died from Parkinson's disease on January 18, 2017 in Rye, New York. She was 86.


Hannibal Alkhas

Hannibal Alkhas (1930 – 2010) was a sculptor, painter and author. He was born in 1930 in Iran into an ethnic Assyrian and Christian family and spent his childhood and teenage years in Kermanshah, Ahwaz and Tehran. In 1951, Hannibal Alkhas moved to the United States in pursuit of his education and studied philosophy for three years at Loyola University of Chicago, Illinois.

From 1953 to 1958 he attended the Art Institute of Chicago where he earned his Bachelor's and Masters of Fine Arts.
In 1959, after the death of his father, the famous Assyrian writer Rabi Adai Alkhas, Hannibal Alkhas returned to Iran and began to teach painting, drawing, and art history at the Tehran School of Fine Arts for the next four years. During this time he established the successful "Gilgamesh gallery", the first modern art gallery in Iran where aspiring young artists were introduced.
In 1963 he returned to the United States and taught a Monticello College in Illinois where he became the chairman of the art department.

In 1969 Hannibal again returned to Iran and spent the next eleven (11) years teaching at Tehran University [6].

He taught at Islamic Azad University in Iran.

Hannibal Alkhas has also created book illustrations, written poems and translated many poems to and from Assyrian. His works have been displayed in numerous exhibitions in Iran, Europe, Canada, Australia and the US.

Hannibal Alkhas died on September 14, 2010 at the age of 80 in the United States. He was suffering from cancer.

Blue tit

The blue tit ("Cyanistes caeruleus") is a passerine songbird in the family Paridae. It is 10.5 to 12 cm (4.2 to 4.8 inches) long. 

The blue tit is a widespread and common resident breeder. It lives throughout temperate and subarctic Europe and western Asia in deciduous or mixed woodlands. It is a resident bird; most do not migrate.

Blue and great tits form mixed winter flocks, and the former are perhaps the better gymnasts on the slender twigs. A blue tit will often ascend a trunk in short jerky hops, imitating a treecreeper. As a rule the bird roosts in ivy or evergreens, but in hard weather will shelter in a hole. Blue tits are very agile and can hang from almost anywhere.

The blue tit has an average life expectancy of 1.5 years 

The blue tit is a destroyer of pests. It is fond of young buds of various trees, and may pull them to bits in the hope of finding insects. No species, however, destroys more coccids and aphids, the worst foes of many plants. It also eats leaf miner grubs and green tortrix moths (Tortricidae). Seeds are eaten, as with all this family.

An interesting example of culturally transmitted learning in birds was the phenomenon dating from the 1960s of blue tits teaching one another how to open traditional British milk bottles with foil tops, to get at the cream underneath. This behaviour has declined recently because of the replacement of doorstep delivery by supermarket purchases of milk, and by hard-topped containers instead of the old bottles.


Crow

Crows form the genus Corvus are in the family Corvidae. They are medium to large sized birds, carnivores and scavengers.

The genus includes the crow (carrion crow or hooded crow), the rook, jackdaw, and the large common raven. The genus has 40 or so members on all temperate continents except for South America, and some islands. 

The Corvus makes up a third of the species in the Corvidae. Crows appear to have evolved in Asia from corvid stock which had evolved in Australia. The collective name for a group of crows is a "flock" or, more poetically, a "murder".

Crows will eat just about anything from insects to invertebrates to meat. They also enjoy nuts, worms, and vegetables. Crows are known for being shy around humans at first. Crows are naturally shy and wary creatures, and they prefer open areas with good visibility and safe places to perch and roost. Crows have keen eyesight. They enjoy bathing and drinking from birdbaths.

Some crow species not only use tools but also make tools. Crows are now thought to be, with parrots, among the world's most intelligent birds. 

They have a brain size (adjusted for body size) as large as some apes. The jackdaw and the European magpie have a "nidopallium" about the same relative size as the equivalent neocortex in chimpanzees, and significantly larger than is found in the gibbon.

A story of how a girl fed crows, and in return they brought her tiny gifts, shows what the birds are capable of.

Silver(I) sulfide

Silver(I) sulfide, also known as silver sulfide and silver sulphide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AgS. It contains silver in its +1 oxidation state. It also contains sulfide ions.

It is a black solid. It reacts with acids. It is heavy. It can irritate the skin.

It exists in the ground as acanthite and argentite. It is also made when silver is in air containing hydrogen sulfide. The oxygen in air cannot oxidize the silver directly; the hydrogen sulfide helps it. It is the tarnish on silver items.

It is mostly an unwanted product when silver tarnishes.


Silver nitrate

Silver nitrate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AgNO. It contains silver in its +1 oxidation state as an ion. It also has nitrate.

Silver nitrate is a colorless crystalline solid. It dissolves in water. Most silver compounds do not dissolve in water. It can get dark if light shines on it. It is an oxidizing agent. Most of the time the silver ion is reduced, but sometimes the nitrate ion is reduced. It reacts with copper to make silver crystals and copper(II) nitrate. It turns into silver, nitrogen dioxide, and oxygen when it is heated. It is the least expensive silver compound. It reacts with bases to make dark brown silver(I) oxide.

It is made by dissolving silver in nitric acid. This produces nitrogen dioxide, so it should be done where the person can get fresh air.

It was used to separate silver and gold. Gold does not dissolve in nitric acid. It is used to make other silver compounds. It reacts with chloride, bromide, and iodides to make white, cream, and yellow-colored solids. It is also used as an oxidizing agent. It can also be used to kill germs. 

Silver nitrate is an oxidizing agent and should be kept away from chemicals that can burn. It can burn and stain skin. If too much is eaten, it can turn the skin blue.


Smokey Bear

Smokey Bear (also sometimes called Smokey the Bear) is a mascot of the United States Forest Service. He was made to teach people that forest fires are dangerous and how people can prevent them. An advertising campaign featuring Smokey was started in 1944 with the slogan, "Smokey Says – Care Will Prevent 9 out of 10 Forest Fires". Smokey Bear's later slogan, "Remember... Only YOU Can Prevent Forest Fires", was made in 1947 by the Ad Council. In April 2001, the message was changed to "Only You Can Prevent Wildfires". According to the Ad Council, Smokey Bear and his message are recognized by 95% of adults and 77% of children in the U.S.

Smokey's correct name is Smokey Bear. In 1952, the songwriters Steve Nelson and Jack Rollins made a famous song named "Smokey the Bear". The pair said that "the" was added to Smokey's name to keep the song's rhythm. This small change has made people curious ever since. Smokey's name is spelled differently from the word "smoky" on purpose. 

The fictional character Smokey Bear is run by three groups: the United States Forest Service, the National Association of State Foresters, and the Ad Council. Smokey Bear's name and image are protected by U.S. federal law, the "Smokey Bear Act of 1952" (16 U.S.C. 580 (p-2); 18 U.S.C. 711).

Though the US Forest Service fought wildfires long before World War II, the war made doing it even more important. The forest service began using colorful posters to teach Americans about the dangers of forest fires. Since most physically fit men who were able to already were serving in the armed forces, there were few people who could stay back and put them out as a job. The hope was that local communities, educated about the danger of forest fires, could prevent them from starting in the first place. However, Japan saw wildfires as a possible weapon. Forest fires could waste the time of people in the United States who could otherwise be involved in the war. They could also destroy natural resources.

The government made advertisements about fire safety. It decided to use a bear in the advertisement. The bear was named "Smokey" after "Smokey" Joe Martin, a New York City Fire Department hero who suffered burns and blindness during a brave 1922 rescue. 

Smokey's first poster was released on August 9, 1944. It was drawn by Albert Staehle. In the poster, Smokey was wearing jeans and a "forest ranger's hat" (a campaign hat), pouring a bucket of water on a campfire. The message underneath reads, "Smokey says – Care will prevent 9 out of 10 forest fires!" 
Knickerbocker Bears got a license to make Smokey bear dolls in 1944. 
Also in 1944, Forest Service worker Rudy Wendelin became the full time campaign artist; he was considered Smokey Bear's "caretaker" until he retired in 1973.

In 1947, the saying now associated with Smokey Bear was first said: "Remember...only YOU can prevent forest fires."

The living symbol of Smokey Bear was an American black bear who, in the spring of 1950, was caught in the Capitan Gap fire, a wildfire that burned in the Capitan Mountains of New Mexico. The cub was in the Lincoln National Forest. Smokey had climbed a tree to get away from the fire, but his paws and hind legs had been burned. He was rescued by a game warden after the fire.

At first, he was called "Hotfoot Teddy," but he was later renamed Smokey, after the mascot. A local rancher who had been helping fight the fire took the cub home with him, but he needed care from a veterinarian. New Mexico Department of Game and Fish Ranger Ray Bell took him to Santa Fe. His wife, Ruth, and their children, Don and Judy, took care of the cub. News services around the country wrote stories about the cub, and he became famous. Soon after, Smokey was flown in a Piper Cub airplane to the National Zoo in Washington, D.C., where he lived for 26 years. After he died on November 9, 1976, Smokey's remains were returned by the government to Capitan, New Mexico, and buried at what is now the Smokey Bear Historical Park.
The character became a big part of American popular culture in the 1950s. He appeared on radio programs, in comic strips and in cartoons.

In 1952, Congress passed the Smokey Bear Act , an act of Congress, was passed to remove the character from the public domain and place it under the control of the Secretary of Agriculture. This meant that people had to have permission from the government to use pictures of Smokey.

In the 1960s, so many people wanted to write letters to Smokey that the US Postal Service issued him his own ZIP Code. That code is 20252. Parts of those letters have been published online.

In 2004, Smokey's 60th anniversary was celebrated. According to Richard Earle, author of "The Art of Cause Marketing", the Smokey Bear campaign is recognized one of the most powerful and lasting of all public service advertising. "Smokey is simple, strong, straightforward," Earle writes. "He's a denizen of those woods you're visiting, and he cares about preserving them. Anyone who grew up watching "Bambi" realizes how terrifying a forest fire can be. But Smokey wouldn't run away. Smokey's strong. He'll stay and fight the fire if necessary, but he'd rather have you douse it and cover it up so he doesn't have to."

In 2009, new commercials with Smokey made in CGI came out.


Burt Munro

Burt Munro (25 March 1899 – 6 January 1978) was a motorcycle racer from New Zealand. He began riding motorcycles when he was 15. He is famous for setting a world record on 26 August 1967 with his motorcycle. The speed was 295.453 km/h (183.59 mph). To qualify he made a one-way run of 305.89 km/h (190.07 mph), the fastest-ever officially recorded speed on an Indian.


Lilongwe River

Lilongwe River is a river in Malawi flowing through Lilongwe. Its length is near . At mouth of the Lilongwe River is Malawi Lake.

Finch

Finches are passerine songbirds in the family Fringillidae. They are mostly seed-eaters. The scientific name Fringillidae comes from the Latin word "fringilla" for the Chaffinch ("Fringilla coelebs"), which is common in Europe.

Most species are native to the Southern Hemisphere, but one subfamily is endemic to the Neotropics, one to the Hawaiian Islands, and one genus is found only in the Palaearctic (Eurasia and north Africa).

Many birds in other families are also commonly called "finches" They include 

Some species are being imported or smuggled into other countries and sold as exotic pets.


Third way

Third Way tries to create consensus that restores friendly relations between the two parties, right-wing and left-wing, in an effort to settle their differing standpoints.

Supporters of the Third Way include Bill Clinton and Tony Blair.

Silver(II) fluoride

Silver(II) fluoride, also known as argentic fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AgF. It has silver in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains fluoride ions.

It is a white or gray crystalline solid. It is usually black or brown because of impurities. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It is one of the only silver compounds that is in the +2 oxidation state. Most of the silver compounds are in the +1 oxidation state. It can react with glass. It should be stored in certain fluorinated plastics.

It is extremely reactive. It reacts with xenon. It also reacts with water to make oxygen and hydrofluoric acid. It reacts with acids to make ozone. It reacts with iodide to make iodide. It also reacts with hydrogen peroxide to make oxygen.

It is very expensive. Only a little is made each year.

Silver(II) fluoride is made by reacting fluorine with silver(I) oxide. It can also be made by reacting silver(I) fluoride or silver chloride with fluorine.

Silver(II) fluoride is used to add fluoride to certain chemical compounds. It is not used much because it is very expensive.

Silver(II) fluoride is very corrosive and toxic. It reacts with water to make toxic hydrofluoric acid. It also corrodes glass.


Katrina cottage

Katrina cottages are small houses designed and marketed in the United States in the wake of Hurricane Katrina (August 2005). They were designed as a response to the inadequacies of the trailers issued to flood victims by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The homes are designed to attempt to fulfill the needs of their occupants in a more permanent and weather-resistant manner, while addressing the challenges of building and protecting a home in the Gulf Coast region. Some of the homes are elevated, on stilts, particularly in southern Louisiana and Mississippi, where much of the land currently used is near sea level, protected by levees, or prone to flooding by nearby rivers or coastal storm surges or high tides.

Though designs differ somewhat, the main factor for appearance is that Katrina cottages look like traditional homes in the area, reduced in size to lower costs and ease construction so that multiple units can be built quickly as needed. The Katrina cottages are usually one-bedroom, shotgun-house designs, with a front porch that helps stabilize the house from strong winds. Hence, they tend to be smaller than many house trailers, which have 2 or 3 bedrooms (as in a double wide trailer); however, the cottages are constructed of heavier materials to resist winds that would buckle the light-weight walls of mobile homes.

The best-known of these designs are those by Marianne Cusato, whose original "Katrina Cottage" made the term popular and received in 2006 the first annual People's Design Award from the Cooper-Hewitt Museum of the U.S. Smithsonian Institution. As Cusato's design and others gained increasing media attention, the number of designs has increased. The home-improvement retailer Lowe's offers pre-packaged Katrina Cottage kits, including plans and all materials needed for construction. A Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) pilot program accommodating 900 Mississippi coast families encountered some opposition from local government officials opposed to permanent small housing units, although Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour urged local officials to accept the cottages as safer than trailers, in high winds or moderate floods.


Silver fluoride

Silver fluoride can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Silver(I) fluoride

Silver(I) fluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AgF. It contains silver in its +1 oxidations state. It also contains fluoride ions. 

It is a yellow-brown solid. It can turn black when in moist air. It dissolves easily in water. It is an oxidizing agent because of the silver ion. 

It is made by reacting silver(I) carbonate with hydrofluoric acid.

It is used to add fluoride to organic compounds.

Silver compounds can stain skin. They are also oxidizing agents and should be kept away from metal.


Silver(I) carbonate

Silver(I) carbonate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AgCO. It contains silver in its +1 oxidation state. It also contains carbonate ions.

It is a yellow solid. It reacts with acids to make carbon dioxide and a silver(I) salt. It does not dissolve in water.

It is made by reacting sodium carbonate with silver nitrate.

It is used as a catalyst.

Silver compounds can irritate skin. If consumed, they may turn the skin blue.


Silver chloride

Silver chloride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AgCl. It contains silver in its +1 oxidation state. It also contains chloride ions.

It is a white crystalline solid. It does not dissolve in water. When it is exposed to light, it turns back into silver and chlorine. It dissolves in several solutions, such as ammonia. 

It can be made by reacting a common chloride such as sodium chloride with silver nitrate.

It is used in photographic film. It darkens when exposed to light, which makes a picture. It is also used in electrochemistry. It is used as a disinfectant in bandages. It is also used to make stained glass. It can be used when someone is poisoned with mercury.

It can irritate skin. It can also stain the skin. It is a weak oxidizing agent.


Silver bromide

Silver bromide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AgBr. It contains silver in its +1 oxidation state. It also contains bromide ions.

It is a light yellow solid. It does not dissolve in water. It darkens when light shines on it. The darkening is because it turns into silver metal and bromine gas. It reacts with ammonia to dissolve. 

It is made by reacting a bromide such as potassium bromide or sodium bromide with silver nitrate.

It is used in photographic film. Many science studies are on this. Scientists are figuring out how it changes color when light shines on it.


Potassium bromide

Potassium bromide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KBr. It contains potassium and bromide ions.

It is a white crystalline solid. It dissolves easily in water. When it is dilute, it tastes sweet; when it is a little concentrated, it tastes bitter; when it is very concentrated, it tastes salty. This taste is because of the potassium ion. 

It can be made by reacting hydrogen bromide with potassium carbonate or potassium hydroxide. It can also be made by reacting bromine and potassium metal. This is very difficult, though.

It is used to put people to sleep (sedative). It is also used to stop convulsions. This is because of the bromide ion, not the potassium ion. It is used to make silver bromide. It is used to treat various animals. 

Bromide ions can be toxic in large amounts. Potassium ions can burn, similar to salt when someone eats too much.


Silver iodide

Silver iodide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AgI. It contains silver in its +1 oxidation state. It also contains iodide ions.

Silver iodide is a yellow solid. It does not dissolve in water. It turns dark when light is shined on it. The darkening is caused by a chemical reaction. The silver iodide turns into silver and iodine.

It is made by reacting an iodide such as sodium iodide with silver nitrate.

Silver iodide is sprinkled in clouds to make rain. It can also be used in photographic film.

Silver iodide is toxic. It can stain skin. It is not as toxic as other silver compounds that dissolve in water. The iodide also is toxic. 


Drosera regia

Drosera regia, also known as the King sundew, is a carnivorous plant of the sundew family. In the wild, it only grows in two places in a single valley in South Africa. Its leaves can grow to a size of 70 cm in length. It also has features which are not found in many other sundews, such as wooded rhizomes and special covered pollen. These features have been combined with a genetic analysis, and it was found that "D. regia" is among the older species of sundew. The Venus Flytrap, another carnivorous plant, shares some of the features, which suggests a close relationship between the two. 

The leaves of the plant are covered with tentacles. They are able to capture large prey, such as beetles, moths and butterflies. The tentacles of all "Drosera" species are specialized glands, capable of producing sticky mucus. The leaves are active flypaper traps: they capture prey by surrounding it. In its native habitat, the plants compete for space with native marsh grasses and low evergreen shrubs. There are two known populations of the plant in the wild. The higher-altitude site is overgrown, and "D. regia" no longer grows there. On the lower-altitude site, there are about 50 mature plants. For this reason, "D. regia" is the most endangered "Drosera" species, since it is threatened with extinction in the wild. It is often grown by people who like carnivorous plants and a single cultivar, "Big Easy", has been registered.

Traction motor

Traction motor refers to a type of electric motor. A traction motor is used to make rotation torque on a machine. It is usually changed into a straight line motion.

Traction motors are used in electrically powered rail vehicles such as electric multiple units and electric locomotives. They are also used in electric vehicles, such as electric milk floats, elevators, and conveyors. Vehicles with electrical transmission systems such as Diesel-electric locomotives, electric hybrid vehicles and battery powered electric vehicles. 

Railroads first used DC motors. These motors usually ran on about 600 volts. High-powered semiconductors were developed to control the switching of AC motors. They have made AC induction motors a better choice. An induction motor does not require contacts inside the motor. These AC motors are simpler, and more reliable than the old DC motors. AC induction motors known as "asynchronous traction motors". 

Before the mid-20th century, a single large motor was often used to drive multiple wheels through connecting rods. This was the same way that steam locomotives would turn their drive wheels. Now, the normal practice is to use one traction motor to drive each axle through a gear drive.

Usually, the traction motor is mounted between the wheel frame and the driven axle. This is called a "nose-suspended traction motor". The problem with this mounting is that some of the motor's weight is on the axle. This causes the track and frame to wear out faster. The "Bi-Polar" electric locomotives built by General Electric for the Milwaukee Road had direct drive motors. The rotating shaft of the motor was also the axle for the wheels. 

The DC motor is made in two parts; the "rotating armature" and the "fixed field windings". The field windings, also called the "stator", surrounds the armature. The field windings are made of tightly wound coils of wire inside the motor case. The armature, also called the "rotor", is another set of coils of wire wound round the central shaft. The armature is connected to the field windings through "brushes". The brushes are spring loaded contacts pressing against the "commutator". The commutator sends the electricity in a circular pattern to armature windings. A "series-wound" motor has the armature and the field windings connected in series. A series-wound DC motor has a low electrical resistance. When voltage is applied to the motor, it makes a strong magnetic field inside the motor. This produces a high amount of torque, so it is good for starting a train. If more current than needed is sent to the motor, there would be too much torque and the wheels would spin. If too much current is sent to the motor, it could damage the motor. Resistors are used to limit the current when the motor starts.

As the DC motor starts to turn, the magnetic fields inside start to join together. They create an internal voltage. This electromagnetic force (EMF) works against the voltage sent to the motor. The EMF controls the current flow in the motor. As the motor speeds up, the EMF falls. Less current flows into the motor, and it makes less torque. The motor will stop increasing its speed when the torque matches (is the same as) the drag on the train. To accelerate the train, more voltage must be sent to the motor. One or more resistors are removed to increase the voltage. This will increase the current. The torque will increase, and so will the speed of the train. When no resistors are left in the circuit, full line voltage is applied directly to the motor. 

On an electric train, the train driver originally had to control the speed by changing the resistance manually. By 1914, automatic acceleration was being used. This was achieved by an accelerating relay in the motor circuit. This was often called a "notching relay". The relay would watch the fall of current and control the resistance. All the driver had to do was select low, medium or full speed. These speeds are called "shunt", "series" and "parallel" from the way the motors were wired.

Traditionally road vehicles (cars, buses and trucks) have used diesel or gasoline engines with a transmission. In the latter part of the 20th century, vehicles with electrical transmission systems began to be developed. These vehicles have a source of electricity from batteries or fuel cells. They may also be powered by an internal combustion engines. 

A benefit from using electric motors is that some types can generate energy. They act as a dynamo during braking. This helps improve the efficiency of the vehicle.

Because of the high power levels used by traction motors, they create a lot of heat. They usually require cooling, often with forced air.


Green tree python

Morelia viridis, also called the green tree python, is a species of python found in New Guinea, islands in Indonesia, and Cape York Peninsula in Australia.

Ohm

There are some materials which offer some resistance to the current flow; they are not good Electrical conductors or good Electrical insulators. They are resistive materials, for example graphite, iron, and certain synthetic materials.

The magnitude that represents this characteristic is the resistance, and it is measured in ohms. An ohm (referred to by the Greek letter Ω (Omega)) is the SI unit of resistance (R). It can be defined by Ohm's law and the equation: 
where formula_2 is resistance in ohms, formula_3 is voltage in volts, and formula_4 the current in amperes.

The ohm was named after Georg Ohm.


Cathedral Prep Events Center

The Cathedral Prep Events Center is an outdoor multi-purpose sports stadium in Erie, Pennsylvania. It is home to the Cathedral Prep Ramblers. The field name is Dollinger Field. It has an official seating capacity of 1,800. That makes it the second largest football stadium in the City of Erie.

Quotation mark

Quotation marks or inverted commas (informally known as quotes and speech marks) are punctuation marks used in pairs to mark a section of text as speech, a quotation, a phrase, or an unusual word. They are used in groups of 2, as a pair of opening and closing marks. They are used in either of two forms: or .

Depending on the typeface, the opening and closing quotation marks may be identical in form (called “vertical” or “straight” or “typewriter” quotation marks), or they may be distinctly left-handed and right-handed (“typographic” or, colloquially, “curly” quotation marks). The closing single quotation mark is identical or similar in form to the apostrophe, and similar to the prime symbol. However, these three characters have quite different purposes. See also: ditto mark.

Quotation marks show that part of the text is either a person speaking or a quotation. Double quotation marks are used as a rule in the United States, while both single and double quotation marks are used in the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth countries (except Australia and Canada). A publisher’s or author’s style can be considered as more important than national preferences. However, the style of opening and closing quotation marks must be matched:

For speech within speech, the other mark is used for inner quotations, within a quotation:

Sometimes, quotations are nested in more than two levels. Nesting levels up to five can be found in some translations of the Bible. In these cases, questions arise about the form (and names) of the quotation marks to be used. The most common way is to simply alternate between the two forms, thus:

If such a passage is further quoted in another publication, then all of their forms have to be shifted over by one level.

In most cases, quotations which span multiple paragraphs should be set as block quotations, and thus do not require quotation marks. Quotation marks are used for multiple-paragraph quotations in some cases, especially in narratives. The convention in English is to put an opening quotation mark at the first and each subsequent paragraph, but use a closing quotation mark only for the final paragraph of the quotation, as in the following example from the book "Pride and Prejudice":

As noted below, in some older texts, the quotation mark is repeated every line, rather than every paragraph. The Spanish convention uses closing quotation marks at the beginning of all subsequent paragraphs beyond the first.

When quoted text is interrupted, such as with the phrase "he said," a closing quotation mark is used before the interruption, and an opening quotation mark after. Commas are also often used before and after the interruption, more often for quotations of speech than for quotations of text:

It is incorrect to use quotation marks for paraphrased speech. This is because a paraphrase is an indirect quote, and in the course of any composition, it is important to document when one is using a quotation versus when one is using a paraphrased idea.

If HAL says: “All systems are functional,” then:

However, another convention when quoting text in the body of a paragraph or sentence—for example, in an essay—is to recognize double quotation marks as marking an exact quotation, and single quotation marks as marking a paraphrased quotation or a quotation where grammar, pronouns, or plurality have been changed in order to fit the sentence containing the quotation (see reported speech).

Another common use of quotation marks is to indicate or call attention to ironic or mis-used words:

Quotes indicating irony, or other special use, are sometimes called scare quotes. They are sometimes gestured in oral speech using air quotes.

Quotation marks are also used to indicate that the writer realizes that a word is not being used in its current commonly accepted sense.

In addition to conveying a neutral attitude and to call attention to a neologism, or slang, or special terminology (also known as jargon), quoting can also indicate words or phrases that are "descriptive" but unusual, colloquial, folksy, startling, humorous, metaphoric, or contain a pun:
Dawkins’s concept of a meme could be described as an “evolving idea”.
People also use quotation marks in this way to:

The "Chicago Manual of Style" (CMS), 15th edition acknowledges this type of use but cautions against overuse in section 7.58, “Quotation marks are often used to alert readers that a term is used in a nonstandard, ironic, or other special sense […] They imply ‘This is not my term,’ or ‘This is not how the term is "usually" applied.’ Like any such device, scare quotes lose their force and irritate readers if overused.”

Using either quotation marks or italics can emphasize that an instance of a word refers to the word itself, rather than its associated concept.

A three-way distinction is occasionally made between normal use of a word (no quotation marks), referring to the concept behind the word (single quotation marks), and the word itself (double quotation marks):

The logic, for this form, derives from the need to distinguish use forms, coupled with the mandate to retain consistent notation for like use forms. The switching between double and single quotes in nested citation quotes reveals the same literary device for reducing ambiguity.

Books about language often use italics for the word itself and single quotation marks for a gloss:

Quotation marks, rather than italics, are generally used for the titles of shorter works. Whether these are single or double is again a matter of style; however, many styles, especially for poetry, prefer the use of single quotation marks.

As a rule, a whole publication would be italicised, whereas the titles of minor works (such as poems or short stories inside the collection) would be written with quotation marks.

Quotation marks can also offset a nickname embedded in an actual name, or a false or ironic title embedded in an actual title; for example, Nat “King” Cole, Miles “Tails” Prower, or John “Hannibal” Smith.

Quotes are sometimes used incorrectly for emphasis in lieu of underlining or italics, most commonly on signs or placards. This usage can be confused with ironic or altered-usage quotation, sometimes with unintended humor. For example, "For sale: “fresh” fish, “fresh” oysters", could be construed to imply that "fresh" is not used with its everyday meaning, or indeed to indicate that the fish or oysters are anything but fresh. And again, "Cashiers’ desks open until noon for your “convenience”" might mean that the convenience was for the bank employees, not the customers.

With quotation marks that are next to other punctuation marks, there are two main systems. They are called “American” and “British,” but some American writers and organizations use the British style and vice versa. Both systems have the same rules for question marks, exclamation points, colons, and semicolons. They have different rules for periods and commas.

In both systems, question marks and exclamation marks are placed inside or outside quoted material depending on whether they are for the whole sentence or just the quoted words, but colons and semicolons always go outside.


In American style, commas and periods almost always go inside closing quotation marks. 
This style of punctuation is common in the U.S., Canada, and it is also used in the U.K. in fiction and journalism.

In British style, which is sometimes called logical punctuation, the rule is the same as for question marks and exclamation points: the comma or period goes outside if it is for the whole sentence but inside if it is for just the quoted words. This is called “placement according to sense.”

When dealing with words-as-words, short-form works like the titles of songs, and sentence fragments, the two systems are different:


For quoting direct speech, American rules place periods and commas inside the quotation marks all the time. In fiction, both styles are the same. In non-fiction, British publishers may permit placing punctuation that is not part of the person’s speech inside the quotation marks but prefer that it be placed outside. According to the "Cambridge Handbook for Editors, Copy-editors and Proofreaders", periods and commas that "are" part of the person’s speech are permitted inside the quotation marks regardless.


Many American style guides explicitly permit periods and commas outside the quotation marks when the presence of the punctuation mark inside the quotation marks will lead to ambiguity, such as when describing keyboard input:


In the first two sentences above, only one punctuation mark is used at the end of each. Regardless of its placement, only one end mark (?, !, or .) can end a sentence in American English. Only the period, however, "cannot" end a quoted sentence when it does not also end the enclosing sentence, except for literal text:

References: "Chicago Manual of Style", 15th edition; "Hart’s Rules for Compositors and Readers at the University Press, Oxford"; "Merriam-Webster’s Guide to Punctuation and Style", second edition.

In English, when a quotation follows other writing on a line of text, a space precedes the opening quotation mark unless the preceding symbol, such as a dash, requires that there be no space. When a quotation is followed by other writing on a line of text, a space follows the closing quotation mark unless it is immediately followed by other punctuation within the sentence, such as a colon or closing punctuation. (These exceptions are ignored by some Asian computer systems that systematically display quotation marks with the included spacing, as this spacing is part of the fixed-width characters.)

There is generally no space between an opening quotation mark and the following word, or a closing quotation mark and the preceding word. When a double quotation mark or a single quotation mark immediately follows the other, proper spacing for legibility requires that a non-breaking space be inserted.

Straight quotation marks (or italicized straight quotation marks) are often used to approximate the prime and double prime. For example, when signifying feet and inches, arcminutes and arcseconds, or minutes and seconds, where the quotation mark symbolises the latter part of the pair. For instance, 5 feet and 6 inches is often written 5' 6", and 40 degrees, 20 arcminutes and 50 arcseconds is written 40° 20' 50". When available, however, the prime should be used instead (e. g., 5′ 6″, and 40° 20′ 50″). Prime and double prime are not present in most character sets, including ASCII and Latin-1, but are present in Unicode, as characters U+2032 (dec. 8242) and U+2033 (dec. 8243), and as HTML entities &prime; and &Prime;. Double quotation marks are also often used to represent the ditto mark.

Straight single and double quotation marks are used in most programming languages to delimit strings or literal characters. In some languages (e. g. Pascal) only one type is allowed, in some (e. g. C and its derivatives) both are used with different meanings and in others (e. g. Python) both are used interchangeably. In some languages, if it is desired to include the same quotation marks used to delimit a string inside the string, the quotation marks are doubled. For example, to represent the string eat 'hot' dogs in Pascal one uses <nowiki>'eat "hot" dogs'</nowiki>. Other languages use an escape character, often the backslash, as in <nowiki>'eat \'hot\' dogs'</nowiki>.

Standard English computer keyboard layouts inherited the single and double “straight” quotation marks from the typewriter (the single quotation mark also doubling as an apostrophe), and they do not include individual keys for left-handed and right-handed typographic quotation marks. However, most computer text-editing programs provide a “smart quotes” feature (see below) to automatically convert “straight” quote marks into typographic punctuation. Generally, this “smart quote” feature is enabled by default. Some websites do not allow typographic quotation marks or apostrophes in posts (one such example being YouTube). One can skirt these limitations, however, by using the HTML character codes or entities.

To make typographic quotation marks easier to enter, publishing software often automatically converts typewriter quotation marks (and apostrophes) to typographic form during text entry (with or without the user being aware of it). This is known as the “smart quotes” feature. Quotation marks that are not automatically altered by computer programs are known as “dumb quotes”. Some implementations incorrectly produce an opening single quotation mark in places where an apostrophe is required, for example, in abbreviated years like "’08" for "2008".

In the first centuries of typesetting, writers showed quoted speech by saying who was speaking. Some versions of the Bible still do it this way. During the Renaissance, writers showed quoted speech by using a typeface different from the main body text, like we use italics today. Long quotations were also set this way, at full size and full measure.

Quotation marks were first cut in metal type during the middle of the sixteenth century, printers were using them a lot by the seventeenth. In some Baroque and Romantic-period books, quotation marks would be repeated at the beginning of every line of a long quotation. When printers stopped doing this, they still kept the empty margin, which is where we get our modern practice of indenting before block quotation.

In Early Modern English, quotation marks were used only to denote pithy comments. Writers first began to use them for direct speech in 1714. By 1749, writers were using single quotation marks, or inverted commas, for direct speech.




Haute couture

Haute couture (pronounced '') is a French term for high fashion. It refers to the creation of exclusive custom-fitted clothing. The term refers to: 

"Haute couture" is made to order for a specific customer. It is usually made from high-quality, expensive fabric and sewn with extreme attention to detail and finish by the most experienced and capable seamstresses, often using time-consuming, hand-executed techniques. "Couture" is a common abbreviation of "haute couture".

In France, "haute couture" is "une appellation juridiquement protégée" (a legally protected name). It may only be used by firms which meet certain well-defined standards. However, the term is also used to describe all high-fashion custom-fitted clothing in other 'fashion capitals' such as Milan, London, New York, Tokyo and Madrid. 

The "couturier" Charles Frederick Worth (13 October 1826–10 March 1895), is widely considered the father of "haute couture" as it is known today. Although born in Lincolnshire, England, Worth made his mark in the French fashion industry. He revolutionized how dressmaking was organised. Worth made it so the dressmaker became an "artist": a fashion designer. He created one-of-a-kind designs to please his titled or rich customers. More importantly, he prepared designs which were shown on live models at the "House of Worth". Clients selected a design, specified colours and fabrics, and had a version tailor-made in Worth's workshop. Worth combined individual tailoring with a standardization more characteristic of the ready-to-wear clothing industry, which was also developing during this period.

To earn the right to call itself a couture house and to use the term "haute couture", members of the "Chambre syndicale de la haute couture" must follow these rules:


Membership is seldom given. Outside the "Chambre syndicale" are many successful fashion houses which deal in "prêt-à-porter" (the French term for ready-to-wear fashion). They have their own "Chambre syndicale du prêt-à-porter".


Joanna Newsom

Joanna Caroline Newsom (born January 18, 1982) is an indie singer and a harpist. She was born in Nevada City.

Newsom was not allowed to watch television or listen to the radio when she was a child. She went to a Waldorf school. After high school Newsom studied composition and creative writing at Mills College in Oakland, California.

Newsom's first album "The Milk-Eyed Mender" was released by Drag City on the 23rd of February 2003. Pitchfork gave the album a score of 8 out of 10. Newsom's second album "Ys" was given a score of 9.4 out of 10.

She married comedian Andy Samberg in September 2013.


When Night Is Falling

When Night is Falling is a 1995 Canadian romantic drama movie. It is about a university professor dealing with a bad relationship who gets confused when she starts having romantic feelings for a female circus performer. The MPAA rated the movie as NC-17. The movie was released without a rating rather than deal with the problems of being rated as NC-17. The movie was later released with two versions: the original unrated version, and an R rated version. Patricia Rozema directed the movie.

Hurricane Bob

Hurricane Bob was an Atlantic tropical cyclone during August 1991. It was one of the costliest hurricanes in the history of New England.

The storm began from an area of low pressure near the Bahamas. The area steadily became stronger and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Bob later on August 16.

It curved to the north-northwest at first. However, after the storm became a hurricane, it turned to the north-northeast on August 17. 

The track of Hurricane Bob by August 18 and 19 was similar to 1954's Hurricane Carol, another storm that affected North Carolina and New England. Bob brushed eastern North Carolina on August 18 and early on the 19th.

The storm moved up the Mid Atlantic on August 19; it passed just east of Long Island. The storm then crossed Block Island, Rhode Island, and later hit near Newport that afternoon.

While Bob affected Rhode Island, the strong winds moved westward into Connecticut. In that state, winds peaked near 75 mph.

The most damage happened in Massachusetts. Total damage there was $1 billion.

The storm weakened to a strong tropical storm; it then hit Maine with 70 mph winds and heavy rain.

Damage from Bob totaled $1.5 billion. Eighteen people were killed as a result of the storm.

The name "Bob" was retired in the spring of 1992 and replaced with "Bill".

Nithing pole

A Nithing pole, according to ancient Scandinavian and Germanic pagan beliefs, was a kind of pole used for cursing enemies. 

The way of cursing was supposed to be, to cut a horse's head from its body, and put it on top of the pole. Cursing words were carved into the wood, too. This was done to stop the soul of a cowardly person, or "Nithing". Also, the terrible shame of the coward was called "Nith". 

Imber

Imber is a village in Wiltshire, England, which has no people. It is on Salisbury Plain, a flat area in Southern England. The people of Imber were moved out in 1943, and rehoused elsewhere. The whole area was needed as a training ground for the military. Imber is now part of the British Army's largest training area in England.

The area around Imber has been settled since the Iron Age, before the Romans came to Britain. The first mention of the village was in Saxon times, in 967. The village is also listed in the Domesday Book. At that time, around fifty people lived there. The village has a church that was built in the 13th century. In the 14th century, about 250 people lived in the village. In 1851, the population reached its peak at about 440 people. When they left in 1943, about 150 people had to move.


Emoticon

An emoticon () is a written symbol, often as 2 or 3 punctuation characters, that stands for the writer's mood or facial expression. Some examples are: a smile ":-)" or wink ";-)" or frown ":(" or dog nose ":O" or le meme arrow ">" (see many other examples in text below). Emoticons are often used to tell a reader about the general tone of a statement, and can change or improve the reading of plain writing. Over the years, many kinds of emoticons have been created, and now there are hundreds of known emoticons. The word "emoticon" is a blend of the English words "emotion" (or "emote") and "icon". In web forums, instant messengers and online games, text emoticons are often automatically replaced with small pictures, which came to be called "emoticons" as well. Certain complex character combinations can only be accomplished in a double-byte language, giving rise to very complex forms, sometimes known by their romanized Japanese name of "kaomoji".

The use of emoticons can be traced back to the 19th century, and they were commonly used in casual or humorous writing. In 1912, a smiling mouth (or snigger point) was shown in typewriter text as "\___/!". Digital forms of emoticons on the Internet were written in an email during 1982.

In April 1857, the "National Telegraphic Review and Operators Guide" wrote about the use of the number 73 in Morse code to mean "love and kisses" (later changed to "best regards"). A few years later, "Dodge's Manual" talked about a new way to show "love and kisses", the number 88.

A "New York Times" transcript of an 1862 speech given by Abraham Lincoln contains ";)" (now known as a winky-face). There is some debate as to whether it is a typo, a legitimate form of punctuation, or an emoticon.

Typographical emoticons were published in 1881 by the U.S. satirical magazine "Puck". In 1912, Ambrose Bierce created something called a "snigger point". "It is written thus \___/! and presents a smiling mouth."

Emoticons had already come into use in sci-fi fandom in the 1940s, although there seems to have been a lapse in cultural continuity between the communities.

In 1963 the "smiley face", a yellow button with two black dots representing eyes and an upturned thick curve representing a mouth, was created by freelance artist Harvey Ball. This smiley probably inspired many later emoticons; the most basic picture that shows this is in fact a small yellow smiley face.

In a "New York Times" interview in April 1969, Alden Whitman asked writer Vladimir Nabokov: "How do you rank yourself among writers (living) and of the immediate past?" Nabokov answered: "I often think there should exist a special typographical sign for a smile – some sort of concave mark, a supine round bracket, which I would now like to trace in reply to your question."

As early early as 1973 or earlier, teletype machine users used "emoticons" to express themselves. Teletypes were limited to the keys of a standard typewriter keyboard plus a few special characters. Teletype operators developed a sort of shorthand to communicate among themselves. These shorthand notations became the foundation of "emoticons" as video terminals began to replace teletypes in general use.

By the early 1970s, people on the PLATO System were using emoticons. They had many of the advantages of later character-based emoticons because they could be used anywhere that you could type text. They also had many of the advantages of later graphical emoticons because they used character overstriking which created graphical images.

Several Internet websites –such as BT's Connected Earth– assert that Kevin Mackenzie proposed -) as a joke-marker in April 1979, on the "MsgGroup" ARPANET mailing list. The idea was to indicate tongue-in-cheek, with the hyphen represented a tongue, not a nose:

Others used :-) for tongue-in-cheek, with the colon representing teeth. Also used was -:) to indicate sticking out your tongue, in derision or anger. Although similar to a sideways smiling face, the intended interpretation was different and this does not appear to have inspired the later smileys.

In the late sixties, the APL programming language and timesharing environment, with its rich character set with backspace and overstrike capability provided a fruitful arena for interactive and creative symbol invention. Union-backspace-dieresis (∪̈) was a recognised and upright smiley in the early seventies.

The first person documented to have used the emoticons :-) and :-(, with a specific suggestion that they be used to express emotion, was Scott Fahlman in the U.S. at Carnegie Mellon University; the text of his original proposal, posted to the Carnegie Mellon University computer science general board on 19 September 1982 (11:44), was thought to have been lost, but was recovered twenty years later by Jeff Baird from old backup tapes.

Within a few months, it had spread to the ARPANET (the early Internet) and 
Usenet. Many variations on the theme were immediately suggested by Scott and others.

In web forums, instant messengers and online games, text emoticons are often automatically replaced with small corresponding images, which also came to be called "Emoticons." Similarly, in some versions of Microsoft Word, the Auto Correct feature replaces basic smileys such as :-) and :-( with a single smiley-like character. Originally, these image emoticons were fairly simple and replaced only the most straightforward and common character sequences, but over time they became so complex that the more specialized emoticons are often input using a menu or popup windows, sometimes listing hundreds of items. Emoticons have also expanded beyond simple cartoon facial expressions to a variety of still or moving images. Some of these graphical emoticons do not actually represent faces or emotions; for example, an "emoticon" showing a guitar might be used to represent music. Further, some instant messaging software is designed to play a sound upon receiving certain emoticons.

Many applications use text codes, which become replaced with a graphical emoticon. For example, :dance: or (dance) could be replaced with a graphical dancing emoticon. A web-forum software package which performed this transformation was Proxicom Forum, developed in 1996.

An August 2004 issue of the "Risks Digest" ("comp.risks" on USENET) pointed out a problem with such features which are not under the sender's control:

Many sites use GIF or PNG graphic files, because of their transparency and small file size capabilities. Files can be created using a raster graphics editor. Many emoticon artists design their emoticons pixel by pixel. Some emoticons are made in vector format, such as SVG, and automatically processed using a graphics library. This allows SVG files to be automatically rendered as a GIF or PNG file, which is compatible with most browsers, which SVG is not.

Traditionally, the emoticon in Western style is written from left to right, the way one reads and writes in most Western cultures. Thus, most commonly, emoticons have the eyes on the left, followed by the nose and mouth. To more easily recognize them, tilt your head toward your left shoulder (or occasionally toward your right shoulder if the "top" of the emoticon is toward the right).

The most basic emoticons are relatively consistent in form, but each of them can also be transformed by being rotated (making them tiny ambigrams), with or a without hyphen (nose).
There are also some possible variations to emoticons to get new definitions, like changing a character to express a new feeling, or slightly change the mood of the emoticon. For example, :( equals sad and :(( equals very sad or weeping. A :"> blush can be expressed as :"u blushing for you or a surprised blush, o///o . Others include wink ;) a grin :D smug :-> and tongue out :P for disgust or simply just to stick the tongue out for silliness, such as when blowing a raspberry. An often used combination is also <3 for a heart, and </3 for a broken heart. A cute and sometimes gamine smile can be expressed like this: :3

An equal sign is often used for the eyes in place of the colon, without changing the meaning of the emoticon. In these instances, the hyphen is almost always either omitted or, occasionally, replaced with an 'o' as in =O) . In most circles it has become acceptable to omit the hyphen, whether a colon or an equal sign is used for the eyes, e.g. :) . In some areas of usage, people prefer the larger, more traditional emoticon :-) . In general, similar-looking characters are commonly substituted for one another: for instance, o, O, and 0 can all be used interchangeably, sometimes for subtly different effect. In some cases, one type of character may look better in a certain font and therefore be preferred over another.

Some variants are also more common in certain countries because of reasons like keyboard layouts, for example the smiley =) is common in Scandinavia where the keys for = and ) are placed right beside each other. Also, sometimes, the user can replace the brackets used for the mouth with other, similar shapes, such as ] and [ instead of ) and ( .

Diacritical marks are sometimes used. An O or U with an umlaut, Ö, Ü can be seen as an emoticon, as the upright version of :O (meaning that one is surprised) and :D (meaning that one is very happy). nwn (Meaning one is super happy).

Users from East Asia popularized a style of emoticons that can be understood without tilting one's head to the left. This style arose on ASCII NET of Japan in 1986. Similar looking emoticons were used by Byte Information Exchange (BIX) around the same time.

These emoticons are usually found in a format similar to (*_*). The asterisks indicate the eyes; the central character, commonly an underscore, the mouth; and the parentheses, the outline of the face. Two separate studies, in 2007 at Hokkaido University and in 2009 at Glasgow University, showed that Japanese and other East Asians read facial expressions by looking mainly at the eyes, and the researchers noted that this is reflected in East Asian emoticons which put emphasis on the eyes, compared to Western emoticons which emote mainly with the mouth.

Different emotions such as (")(-_-)("), are expressed by changing the character representing the eyes, for example ' T ' can be used to express crying or sadness (T_T). The emphasis on the eyes is reflected in the common usage of emoticons that use only the eyes, e.g. ^^. Looks of stress are represented by the likes of (x_x) while (-_-;) is a generic emote for nervousness, the semicolon indicating sweat that occurs during anxiety. Repeating the /// mark (///) can indicate embarrassment by symbolizing blushing. Characters like hyphens or periods can replace the underscore; the period is often used for a smaller, "cuter" mouth or to represent a nose, e.g. (^.^). Alternatively, the mouth/nose can be left out entirely, e.g. (^^). The parentheses also can often be replaced with braces, e.g. {^_^}. Many times, the parentheses are left out completely, e.g. ^^, >.<, o_O, O.O, <.<;, though this is more likely in Western culture. A quotation mark ", apostrophe ', or semicolon ; can be added to the emoticon to imply apprehension or embarrassment, in the same way that a sweat drop is used in anime.

Microsoft IME 2002 (Japanese) or later supports the use of both forms of emoticons by enabling Microsoft IME Spoken Language Dictionary. In IME 2007, it was moved to Emoticons dictionary.

Further variations of emoticons may be produced by using Combining characters, e.g. ̼⌂̺͛ᴖ̲̿ᴥ̲̿ᴖ̺͛⌂̼ and ٩(͡๏̯͡๏)۶ .

All of these can be used also with [ ] instead of ( ), or without the parentheses at all in some of the cases

In South Korea, emoticons using Korean Hangul letters have been getting popular lately as well. Korean styles of face emoticons are similar to those of Japan's, but they contain Korean jamos (letters) instead of other characters. There are countless number of emoticons that can be formed with such combinations of Korean jamos, but popular choices include letter ㅅ or ㅂ as the mouth/nose component and ㅇ,ㅎ,ㅍ for the eyes. For example: ㅇㅅㅇ, ㅇㅂㅇ, -ㅅ-, ㅡㅡ, ㅡ6ㅡ. Faces such as 'ㅅ', "ㅅ", 'ㅂ','ㅇ', using quotation marks " and apostrophes ' are also commonly used combinations. Vowel jamos such as ㅜ,ㅠ can be used in substitute to T, when depicting a crying face. Example: //ㅅ//, ㅜ_ㅜ, ㅠ_ㅠ. Sometimes the underscore is omitted, and the two letters can be mixed together, as in ㅜ_ㅠ, ㅡ^ㅜ, ㅜㅇㅡ . Also, semicolons are used a lot in Korean emoticons. Example: ㅡㅡ;;;;, ㅇㅅㅇ;;;, ㅂㅇㅂ;, ㅎㅇㅎ;;;;.
-_-
Single or multiple ; (Semicolons) are often used together with faces depicting embarrassment, for an added effect. Also, other characters may be added to indicate hands, similar to the Japanese emoticons; but usually they are only attached on the right. Example: -ㅅ-a (scratching one's head), 'ㅅ'b (Thumbs up), 'ㅅ'ㅗ (The finger)

In some cases, like ㅎ_ㅎ, the emoticon can mean an emotion even when it is not depicting a face of any specific emotion. Letters ㅎ and ㅋ are widely used in Korean internet as a sign of laughter (similar to the usage of "w" in Japanese Web)for example ㅋㅇㅋ, ㅎㅇㅎ, ㅋㅅㅋ, ㅋ-ㅋ, ㅎ_ㅎ; and so the emoticons using those letters as the eye component can be interpreted as a laughing face.

Also, ㅇㅈㄴ is a Korean version of Orz - although OTL is used more often- depicting a man kneeling down.

English-language anime forums adopted those emoticons that could be used with the standard ASCII characters available on western keyboards. Because of this, they are often called "anime style" emoticons in the English-speaking Internet. They have since seen use in more mainstream venues, including online gaming, instant-messaging, and other non-anime related forums. Emoticons such as <(^.^)>,<(^_^<),<(o_o<),<( -'.'- )>,<('.'-^),(.ㅅ.), which include the parentheses, mouth or nose, and arms (especially those represented by the inequality signs < or >) also are often referred to as "Kirbies" in reference to their likeness to Nintendo's video game character, Kirby. The parentheses are usually dropped when used in the English language context, and the underscore of the mouth may be extended as an intensifier, e.g. ^__________^ for very happy. People also use >< or : ). Usually on MSN, people use O.O or : ( "Screw you" is represented by a smiley showing middle finger(s) .!._(Ò_ó)_.!..

Exposure to both Western and East Asian style emoticons or emoji through web blogs, instant messaging, and forums featuring a blend of Western and Asian pop culture, has given rise to emoticons that have an upright viewing format. The parentheses are similarly dropped in the English language context and the emoticons only use alphanumeric characters and the most commonly used English punctuation marks. Emoticons such as -O-, -3-, -w-, '_', ;_;, T_T, :>, and .V., are used to convey mixed emotions that are more difficult to convey with traditional emoticons. Characters are sometimes added to emoticons to convey an anime or manga-styled sweat drop, for example: ^_^' or !>_<! or ^3^' or v3v; as well as: <@>_________<@>;; ;O; and *u*
The equal sign can also be used for closed, anime looking eyes, for example: =0=, =3=, =w=, =A=

There are also more faces along those lines like >o<; using the ; as a sweat mark, and the "o" as a mouth, and the inequality signs as the eyes, it shows stress, or slight confusion. The amount of emoticons that can be made are limitless, and all have their own meaning.

In Brazil, sometimes combining character (accent) are added to emoticons to represent eyebrows, like: ò_ó or ó_ò or õ_o or ù_u or o_Ô. They can also replace (or add) "=" or ":" by ">", example: >D or >=D or >P or >:P or >3 or >:3.

The Japanese language is usually encoded using double-byte character codes. As a result, there is a bigger variety of characters that can be used in emoticons, many of which cannot be reproduced in ASCII. Most kaomoji contain Cyrillic and other foreign letters to create even more complicated expressions analogous to ASCII art's level of complexity. To type such emoticons, the input editor that is used to type Japanese on a user's system has a dictionary of emoticons, after which the user simply types the Japanese word (or something close to it) that represents the desired emoticon to convert the input into such complicated emoticons. Such expressions are known as Shift JIS art.

Users of 2channel in particular have developed a wide variety of unique emoticons using obscure characters. Some have taken on a life of their own and become characters in their own right, like Mona.

Orz (also seen as Or2, on_, OTZ, OTL, STO, JTO, _no, ＿冂○, 囧rz, O7Z, _|7O, Sto, and Jto) is a Japanese emoticon representing a kneeling or bowing person, with the "o" being the head, the "r" being the arms and part of the body, and the "z" being part of the body and the legs. This stick figure represents failure and despair. It is also commonly used for representing a great admiration (sometimes with an overtone of sarcasm) for someone else's view or action.

It was first used in late 2002 at the forum on Techside, Japanese personal website. At the "Techside FAQ Forum" (TECHSIDE教えて君BBS(教えてBBS) ), a poster asked about a cable cover, typing "＿|￣|○" to show a cable and its cover. Others commented that it looked like a kneeling person, and the symbol became popular. These comments were soon deleted as they were considered off-topic. However, one of the first corresponding reactions can be found on the thread on , on December 23, 2002. By 2005, Orz spawned a subculture: blogs have been devoted to the emoticon, and URL shortening services have been named after it. In Taiwan, Orz is associated with the phrase "nice guy"–that is, the concept of males being rejected for a date by girls they are pursuing with a phrase like "You are a nice guy."

Orz should not be confused with m(_ _)m, which means an apology.

A portmanteau of "emotion" and "sound", an emotisound is a brief sound transmitted and played back during the viewing of a message, typically an IM message or e-mail message. The sound is intended to communicate an emotional subtext. Many instant messaging clients automatically trigger sound effects in response to specific emoticons.

Some services, such as MuzIcons, combine emoticons and Adobe Flash music player in a widget.

In 2004, The Trillian chat application introduced an feature called "emotiblips", which allows Trillian users to stream files to their instant message recipients "as the voice and video equivalent of an emoticon".

In 2007, MTV and Paramount Home Entertainment promoted the "emoticlip" as a form of viral marketing for the second season of the show "The Hills". The emoticlips were twelve short snippets of dialogue from the show, uploaded to YouTube, which the advertisers hoped would be distributed between web users as a way of expressing feelings in a similar manner to emoticons. The emoticlip concept is credited to the Bradley & Montgomery advertising firm, which hopes they would be widely adopted as "greeting cards that just happen to be selling something".

In 2008 an emotion-sequence animation tool, called FunIcons was created. The Adobe Flash and Java-based application allows users to create a short animation. Users can then email or save their own animations to use them on similar social utility applications.

In 2000 Despair, Inc. obtained a U.S. trademark registration for the "frowny" emoticon :-( when used on "greeting cards, posters and art prints." In 2001, they issued a satirical press release, announcing that they would sue Internet users who typed the frowny; the joke backfired and the company received a storm of protest when its mock release was posted at technology news website Slashdot. They subsequently issued another press release a month later in response to the reaction their claim had generated.

A number of patent applications have been filed on inventions that assist in communicating with emoticons. A few of these have issued as US patents. U.S. patent 6987991, for example, discloses a method developed in 2001 to send emoticons over a cell phone using a drop down menu. The stated advantage over the prior art was that the user saved on the number of keystrokes though this may not address the obviousness criteria.

In Finland, the emoticons :-), =), =(, :) and :( were trademarked in 2006 for use with various products and services. The emoticon :-) was also filed in 2006 and registered in 2008 as a European Community Trademark (CTM).

In 2008, Russian entrepreneur Oleg Teterin claimed to have been granted the trademark on the ;-) emoticon. A license would not "cost that much - tens of thousands of dollars" for companies, but would be free of charge for individuals.

In 2010 in the United Kingdom, the British chocolate company Meltwater Chocolate filed a trademark application for a series of two marks :D and :-D in class 30, covering chocolate and confectionery.




Trough (geology)

In geology, a trough refers to a linear depression that extends in one direction over a distance. It is less steep than a trench. A trough can be a narrow basin or a geologic rift. There are various oceanic troughs, troughs found under oceans; examples include the rifts along the mid-ocean ridges.

Innuendo

An innuendo is an indirect or implied statement of ideas or opinions. It can also be a remark or question, often disparaging (also called insinuation), that works indirectly by allusion. In the latter sense, the intention is often to insult or accuse someone in such a way that the words as used, taken literally, seem to be innocent in the direct meaning (but have a negative unspoken meaning).

An innuendo is "an oblique hint or remark"; The word is often used to express disapproval.

The term sexual innuendo has a specific meaning, namely that of a "risqué" "double sens" (double meaning) by playing on a possibly sexual meaning of an otherwise innocent statement.

Innuendo is a tool of bullying.

Many TV shows\movies aimed at little kids often use innuendoes as a way of attracting older people. Shows\movies such as "The Fairly OddParents", "Spongebob Squarepants","The Penguins of Madagascar", "Shrek", "Bee Movie", " the "Walt Disney Animated Classics", "Rocko's Modern Life", "The Muppet Show", "Cow & Chicken", "Ren & Stimpy", "Animaniacs" and "Looney Tunes" have been known to do this over the years. Also many prime-time shows use an extensive amount of innuendo to the point that they are rated U.S. TV PG/14 D for dialogue. Some TV shows using innuendoes are: "The Simpsons", "Futurama", "Son of the Beach", "The Office", "Jersey Shore (TV series)", "King of the Hill", "Beavis and Butthead", "Everybody Hates Chris", "American Dad", "Tosh.0", "Family Guy" and "South Park".

Also, many radio shows are known for use of innuendo, including: "The Gallo Radio Show", most of the songs played on "Southern Crossroads", sometimes "The Rick & Bubba Show", "The Howard Stern Show", "The Steve and DC Morning Show", especially "The JT & Dave Show", "Air Bubba" and "The Bob & Tom Show".

Wikiatlas

The Wikiatlas or Wikimedia World (or Commons Atlas)
is a on the Wikimedia Commons website, related to the English Wikipedia ,Wikipedia App, Wikipedia Portal Atlas. It contains thousands of gallery pages and maps about many nations or regions of the world.

As a collection of map image-galleries, the Wikiatlas links many sets of maps, such as:

Unlike Wikibooks or Wikisource, the Wikiatlas is not a separate wiki website, but rather, a large subset of the Wikimedia website.
There are many thousands of maps in the WikiAtlas.

The Wikiatlas is based on some simple ideas. All maps are grouped, in the manner of a World atlas, into pages stored with the name "Atlas of..." for each continent, such as:

Similar page titles "Atlas of..." cover each nation or region, such as:

Some of the U.S. states also have Wikiatlas pages, such as:
Similarly, hundreds of other Wikiatlas pages are named as "Atlas of..." for over 200 nations and over 94 other regions of the World.

Many pages in the Wikiatlas are arranged in a distinctive format: with maps displayed down the left-side of the page, and explanatory text presented to the right-hand side. The description for each nation, territory, or region is written, first, in the official language(s) of the area, followed by other languages, including English.

Because the Wikiatlas is a wiki effort, developed by the Wikimedia volunteers, the level of detail and coverage varies, from section to section, of the Wikiatlas. Some groups of maps are very extensive, while other maps are rudimentary, depending on the time spent by volunteer writers.

The Wikiatlas was designed, during extended discussions on the Wikimedia website, beginning in 2003.
Originally, the concept was to have an "automatic" map-generator, based on giving coordinates. However, use of maps beyond mere location, led to the current vast collections of maps also showing economic areas, precipitation, average-temperature, political regions, earthquake fault-lines, etc. To show a location was only one way to use maps.

Many thousands of maps were collected, over the years. However, by June 2005, the Wikiatlas subproject still lacked sufficient structure to be considered viable.
In April 2006, the Wikiatlas was mentioned in an archaeology
conference as a "nascent" project.
Finally, a coherent page-format was generalized during mid-2007, using page layouts stored in MediaWiki template files. Hundreds of Wikimedia and Wikipedia editors worked on various aspects of the page descriptions in over 100 languages, including uploading and modifying the thousands of map images. Some of the maps were transferred from Wikipedia image pages.

Although readership figures are not specifically available, of the complete grouping of all Wikiatlas pages, the general readership of the Wikimedia website has been based, nearly 50% (in early 2009), within the following: United States 24.5%, Germany 10.7%, India 5.7%, United Kingdom 4.0%, and Italy 3.5%.



Copper(II) nitrate

Copper(II) nitrate, also known as cupric nitrate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Cu(NO). It contains copper in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains nitrate ions.

Copper(II) nitrate is a blue solid. It is an oxidizing agent. It is blue whether it contains water (hydrated) or not (anhydrous). It makes nitrogen dioxide when it is heated.

It is made by reacting copper with nitrogen tetroxide. It can also be made by reacting copper with nitric acid or silver nitrate. 

It can be used to make nitric acid by heating it. Then the brown gas made is dissolved in water to make nitric acid. It can be used to add nitrate ions to organic chemicals. 

Copper ions are toxic, like many other metals. Nitrates are oxidizing agents and can make things burn.


Orogeny

Orogeny is the process of mountain-building. It takes place when two tectonic plates come together. Orogens develop while a continental plate is crumpled and thickened to form mountain ranges, and involve a great range of geological processes collectively called orogenesis. 

A convergent boundary is a frequent cause:
Another, less common cause is when a plate moves over a hot spot in the Earth's mantle. Examples:
There is a third process, called "delamination". Here an unstable portion of cold root of the lithosphere drips down into the mantle, decreasing the density of the lithosphere and causing buoyant uplift. Example:
Areas that are rifting apart, such as mid-ocean ridges and the East African Rift have mountains due to thermal buoyancy caused by the hot mantle underneath them, which pushes them up. This thermal buoyancy is known as "dynamic topography". Examples:


Ethnic groups of the United States

There are many different ethnic groups in the United States. Most people in the United States have ancestors who came from somewhere else, often from multiple places. Some people say their ancestry is "American"; often these are people from the Southern United States whose families have been living in America since before the American Revolution. 

There are several races and ethnicities in the United States:


The race is not the same as ethnicity, however. Here are the top three ethnic groups in the United States. Since many Asian and Hispanic people are classified differently, most of the groups listed are white.


List of Formula One Grand Prix winners (constructors)

Formula One, abbreviated to F1, is a form of open-wheeled auto racing. It is the highest class defined by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), motorsport's world governing body. The "formula" in the name refers to a set of rules. These rules tell the builders and drivers of the cars what they may and may not do. The F1 world championship season is a series of races. These races are known as Grands Prix. They are usually held on purpose-built circuits. In a few places, they are held on closed city streets. The most famous Grand Prix is the Monaco Grand Prix in Monte Carlo. The top finisher of each race are awarded championship points. The points are added up at the end of they year. There are two yearly Championships. The one for drivers and one for constructors.

Ferrari hold the record for the most Grands Prix victories. They have won 216 times. McLaren are second with 173 wins, and Williams are third with 113 wins. British teams have won the most Grands Prix. Twelve British teams have won a total of 499 races between them. Italian teams are second with 237 wins between five teams. French teams are third with 53 Grands Prix wins between three teams.

"All figures correct as of 26 June 2011"


List of races won by nationality of constructor.


Maylene and the Sons of Disaster

Maylene and the Sons of Disaster are an American rock band. The band formed in 2004 in Birmingham, Alabama. The bend members at the moment are Dallas Taylor (lead singer), Brad Lehman (bassist, backing vocals), Kelly Scot Nun (guitarist), Chad Huff (guitarist), Matt Clark (drummer) and Jake Duncan (guitarist, backing vocals). 

South African Grand Prix

The South African Grand Prix was first run as a Grand Prix motor racing handicap race in 1934 at the Prince George Circuit at East London, Eastern Cape Province, South Africa. 

The races were stopped because of World War II. It was started again in 1962 as part of the Formula One circuit. It was a popular F1 event. It was stopped again after the 1985 race. Some nations began boycotting (not participating) South African events because of racial segregation policy of apartheid. 

After apartheid was ended in 1991, there were two more races held in 1992 and 1993. 

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."


Seaside Heights, New Jersey

Seaside Heights is a borough in Ocean County, New Jersey. According to the 2020 Census, the borough population was 2,440. Summer population explodes upwards to thirty thousand persons because the city is a resort community with beaches, bars, and clubs. The Seaside Heights Boardwalk received exposure through shows on MTV, such as Jersey Shore.

Tumblr

Tumblr is a blogging site that began in New York City in 2007. David Karp and Marco Arment began it. The site allows users to post text, images, videos, links, quotes and audio to a short-form blog, called a tumbleblog. Users can follow other users, or choose to make their tumblelog private. Tumblr focuses on being easy to use. The site has about 91.7 million posts a day and gains about 15,000 new users on a day on average. In 2013, Yahoo bought Tumblr for $1.1 billion. After the sale to Yahoo, David Karp remained as CEO.

It is the 25th most popular website in the world.

Famous people with Tumblr accounts include President Obama, Beyoncé, and Lady Gaga.

Meg Whitman

Margaret Cushing Whitman (born August 4, 1956) is an American billionaire and politician. She is the president and chief executive officer of Hewlett-Packard. 

She was CEO of the online auction site eBay from 1998 to 2008. She also worked for DreamWorks, Procter & Gamble, and Hasbro. In 2010, she ran for Governor of California as a Republican. Her campaign was paid for mostly by millions of her own money. Even though she spent over $100 million, she still lost to Jerry Brown.

On December 8, 2021, Joe Biden nominated Whitman to serve as United States ambassador to Kenya. On July 14, 2022, her nomination was confirmed in the Senate by voice vote. She was sworn-in on August 5, 2022.

Nicki Minaj

Onika Tanya Maraj-Petty (born December 8, 1982), known professionally as Nicki Minaj (), is a Trinidadian rapper, singer, songwriter, actress and model based in the United States. Nicki Minaj is known as the Queen of Rap by the media and is considered to be one of the biggest stars of female hip-hop.

She is known for her strange style, funny voices, colorful wigs and costumes, talented bars and lyrics, and characters she uses in her music.

Nicki Minaj became the first and only female rapper to be listed on "Forbes"' Hip Hop Cash Kings list.

Nicki Minaj moved to Queens, New York City at age five. Her father went to rehab for alcoholism in 2012. Minaj claimed he burned down their house in her youth. As a teenager, Nicki Minaj had an abortion, which is referenced in her song "All Things Go" from "The Pinkprint".

In August 2009, Nicki Minaj signed to Young Money Entertainment with distribution from Universal Motown. Her debut album, "Pink Friday", was released on November 9, 2010. It climbed to number one on the US "Billboard" 200 album chart and contained the singles "Your Love", "Moment 4 Life" (featuring Canadian rapper Drake), "Super Bass", "Did It on 'Em", and "Fly" (featuring Barbadian singer Rihanna). The first, second, and fifth singles reached the top 20 in the US, while "Super Bass" managed to peak at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and peaked in the top ten around the world. The song has been certified 8× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for combined shipments and streams of 8 million copies in the US alone. Minaj was also featured with Kesha on a remix of Britney Spears' song "Till the World Ends".

Nicki Minaj has been instrumental in challenging the patriarchal norms of the music industry, as a Black female rapper. Additionally, in Nicki Minaj's early career she used sexuality as a way to gain fans and relate to audiences. She was able to gather a large female and LGBT+ identifying audience through her implying that she was bisexual herself. Through her wigs, costumes, and bold designs she attracted fans from the LGBT+ community, who found themselves to be able to identify with her boldness and expressivity.

Nicki Minaj released a single, "Starships", on Valentine's Day of 2012, before releasing her second studio album, "", on April 3, 2012. This album contained more pop- and dance-leaning songs, with some songs produced by RedOne (known for working with Jennifer Lopez and Lady Gaga) and Dr. Luke. "Starships" reached number one in Scotland and the top five in the US, UK, and Canada. Minaj released two more singles from the album, "Pound the Alarm" and "Va Va Voom", which both reached the top 25 of the "Billboard" Hot 100. She was featured on David Guetta's single "Turn Me On", which reached the top ten worldwide. Minaj re-released "Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded" later in the year as "Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded - The Re-Up" that contained songs like "Va Va Voom" and "Freedom".

From 2012 to 2013, she was featured as a judge on the music competition series "American Idol" alongside Keith Urban, Mariah Carey, and Randy Jackson.

In 2014, she was featured in the film "The Other Woman". She released her third studio album, "The Pinkprint, "in December of that year. It was preceded by the singles ""Anaconda"", which samples the 1992 hit single "Baby Got Back" by Sir Mix-a-Lot, and "Only". ""Anaconda"" reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Minaj's highest-peaking song in the United States up until 2022. Nicki Minaj performed "Anaconda" at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards.""

She was featured on Guetta's single "Hey Mama" alongside Bebe Rexha and Afrojack, along with Ariana Grande's "Side to Side".

On March 10, 2017, Nicki Minaj released three singles: "No Frauds", "Regret in Your Tears", and "Changed It". "No Frauds" became a top 20 hit in the US. Minaj took a break from social media at the end of the year to focus on new songs.

On April 13, 2018, Nicki Minaj released two singles: "Chun-Li" and "Barbie Tingz". The first reached number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was picked as the lead single from Minaj's fourth studio album, "Queen". "Barbie Tingz" reached number 25 in the US but was later removed from the track list for "Queen", except as a Target edition bonus track. The promotional single "Rich Sex", featuring American rapper Lil Wayne, was also released from the album. Minaj was featured on the single “Fefe” by rapper 6ix9ine which reached number three on the Hot 100 in both the US and Canada.

Nicki Minaj released a new single, "Megatron", on June 21, 2019.

After a social media hiatus, Nicki Minaj returned to Twitter and Instagram on January 30, 2020. The following day she appeared in the music video for Meghan Trainor's single, “Nice to Meet Ya” which also featured Minaj. On February 7, Nicki Minaj released her first single of 2020, titled “Yikes”.

Nicki Minaj was featured in two remixes of the song “Say So” by American rapper Doja Cat. The song would go on to become her first US number-one hit. On June 12 Nicki Minaj featured on the song “Trollz” by rapper 6ix9ine. The song went on to become Minaj’s second US number one.

In 2021, she released the song Boyz (feat. Nicki Minaj) with Jesy Nelson.

In 2022, Nicki Minaj released her first greatest-hits album, "Queen Radio: Volume 1". It featured the single "Super Freaky Girl", which became her third US number-one single when it debuted atop the Hot 100.

She released her fifth studio album, Pink Friday 2 on December 8th, 2023. It was preceded by the singles Super Freaky Girl, Red Ruby Da Sleeze, and Last Time I Saw You. 

In 2011, her cousin Nicholas Telemaque was murdered in Brooklyn, New York. Nicki Minaj had dated Safaree Samuels for 12 years and later dated rapper Meek Mill from 2015 till 2017. In November 2018, Nicki Minaj began dating Kenneth "Zoo" Petty. She has known him since her teenage years. They married in October 2019, after just one year of dating. After the marriage, Minaj changed her surname to Maraj-Petty.

On July 20, 2020, Nicki Minaj announced that she is expecting a child. On October 16, 2020, Nicki Minaj announced that her child with Petty, a boy, had been born last September 30. The son was named Papa Bear.





Red-billed quelea

The Red-billed quelea ("Quelea quelea"), also known as the red-billed weaver or red-billed dioch, is a small passerine bird of the Ploceidae family. It is found only in Africa.

There are more quelea than any other wild bird species in the world: they number over 1.5 billion. Single colonies may have as many as 30 million. Queleas can migrate as far as 2,000 kilometres (1,243 miles). Single flocks can destroy as much as 50 tons of grain a day. Queleas have destroyed over US$22 million of grain in a single year.

Males grow to a length of about 4.75 inches (12 cm) with a 1.75 inch (4.45 cm) tail and weigh 19.47 grams (0.69 oz). Females are a little smaller growing to about 4.60 inches (11.68 cm) with a 1.70 inch (4.32 cm) tail and weigh 18.34 grams (0.65 oz).

Nests are built by the males and take about seven days to complete. Males defend the nest while building it and become very angry when something gets too close. After it is complete, females lay 3 to 7 eggs. Eggs hatch in about two weeks. Males continue to defend the nest after the eggs hatch.

Portuguese Grand Prix

The Portuguese Grand Prix ("Grande Prémio de Portugal") was a motor racing event held for several years, starting in the 1950s. It was a Formula One race between and and between and .

The first event was held on the Boavista street course in Porto on 17 June 1951. The Grand Prix was moved to Monsanto Park, Lisbon, in 1954 as a one time event. The first Formula One race was held in 14 August 1958. The first three F1 races were held in both Boavista and Monsanto. 1960 was the last Formula One race for more than 20 years.

The Portuguese Grand Prix returned to the calendar in 1984 to the Autódromo do Estoril in 1984. After the deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at Imola in 1994, the Estoril track was changed. A new chicane was built in place of the tank curve, as a safety measure. But Estoril was considered an unsafe and outdated track. The last Portuguese Grand Prix was in Estoril on 22 September 1996.

Argentine Grand Prix

The Argentine Grand Prix was Formula One Grand Prix motor race. It was held off and on from to . Argentine president Juan Perón was the driving force behind the creation of the circuit, after seeing the success of the country's own Juan Manuel Fangio. 

The circuit was built just outside of Buenos Aires on swampland in 1952.In 1953, the Autodrome hosted the first ever Formula One race held outside Europe. The exile of Perón in 1955 lead to an unstable government. The Argentine Grand Prix left the F1 calendar in 1961 for over a decade.

In the Argentine Grand Prix returned to the World Championship. Carlos Reutemann became the new homegrown hero. Reutemann took pole position in his world championship debut. He become only the second driver to do this. The Grand Prix remained in Argentina through , but the 1982 event was canceled.

A private group purchased the track in 1991 and began to upgrade it. The modernized Argentine Grand Prix returned in . Because of financial problems, the race was the last running of the Argentine Grand Prix.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Designed and built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

Sort (typesetting)

In typesetting by hand compositing, a sort, otherwise referred to as a type, is a block representing a specific letter, digit or other symbol cast from a matrix mould and assembled with other sorts bearing additional symbols into lines of type to make up a "forme" from which a page is printed.




Bayes' theorem

In probability theory and applications, Bayes' theorem shows the relation between a conditional probability and its reverse form. For example, the probability of a hypothesis given some observed pieces of evidence, and the probability of that evidence given the hypothesis. This theorem is named after Thomas Bayes ( or "bays") and is often called Bayes' law or Bayes' rule.

The equation used is:

Where:
In many scenarios, P("B") is calculated indirectly using the formula formula_2, which simply states that the probability of "B" is the sum of the conditional probabilities based on whether "A" has occurred or not.

A simple example is as follows: There is a 40% chance of rain on Sunday. If it rains on Sunday, there is a 10% chance of rain on Monday. If it did not rain on Sunday, then there is an 80% chance that it will rain on Monday.

"Raining on Sunday" is event A, and "Raining on Monday" is event B.

The first thing we would normally calculate is the probability of it raining on Monday:
This would be the sum of the probability of "Rain on Sunday and rain on Monday" and "No rain on Sunday and rain on Monday":

However, we were asked to calculate the probability that it rained on Sunday, given that it rained on Monday, then this is where Bayes' theorem comes in. It allows us to calculate the probability of an earlier event, given the result of a later event.

The equation used is:

In our case, "Rain on Sunday" is event A, and "Rain on Monday" is event B.

So, to calculate the probability it rained on Sunday, given that it rained on Monday, we use the formula:
or:
In other words, if it rained on Monday, then there is a 7.69% chance it rained on Sunday.

To calculate the probability of it having rained on Sunday, given that it rained on Monday, we can take the following steps:
Therefore,

Another way to see this, which shows where Bayes' theorem comes from, is to consider the probability P(AB) that it rains on both Sunday and Monday. This can be calculated in two different ways, which give the same answer for P(AB):
In this regard, Bayes' theorem is just another way to write that equation.


Salisbury Plain

Salisbury Plain is in the central southern England covering . It largely lies within the county of Wiltshire, with a little in Hampshire. 

The Plain is famous for its rich archaeology, including Avebury and Stonehenge, which are a joint World Heritage Site. The Plain is sparsely populated and is the largest remaining area of calcareous grassland in north-west Europe. The Plain also has arable land, and a few small areas of beech trees and coniferous woodland.

On the Plain is the British Army's largest training ground in England. It is suitable terrain for tank manoeuvres; buildings such as Imber are used for urban warfare training.

The boundaries of Salisbury Plain have never been defined, and there is some difference of opinion as to its exact area. The river valleys surrounding it, and other downs and plains beyond them loosely define its boundaries. To the north the scarp of the downs overlooks the Vale of Pewsey, and to the north west the Avon. The River Wylye runs along the south west, and the River Bourne runs to the east.


Hot pants

Hot pants, or 'short shorts', are a fashion item from the 1960s which is still popular today. They first appeared as a design item in so-called 'Swinging London'. The trend for shorter, brighter shorts for young women was started by designers in London such as Mary Quant.

Running or gym shorts are worn by girls as normal wear in some places. Many gym shorts have an inlay made of a comfortable fabric such as cotton, similar to swim shorts (swimming trunks). These are designed to be worn without underwear.

If a person cuts off the legs of a pair of jeans, that's known as a 'cut-off'.

The character Daisy Duke from "The Dukes of Hazzard" was known for wearing low cut blue jeans. The popularity of the character led to the term "Daisy Dukes" being used for short shorts.

Mini-skirt

The mini-skirt, or miniskirt, is a skirt well above the knees, close to the buttocks. If the top and skirt are all-in-one, then it is a minidress. Microskirts are "extremely" brief, and usually worn only for publicity events.

Mini-skirts were invented by Mary Quant, who also invented, or promoted, hot pants. There is disagreement as to who came up with the idea first; some say André Courrèges or John Bates. The short- and ever-shorter skirt was evolving already among fashion-minded young women: the designers who adapted it just helped spread the style. In Quant's case, she gave it the name. Mary Quant named the mini-skirt after her favorite make of car, the Mini. She loved the car so much, she had one designed especially for her.

Austrian Grand Prix

The Austrian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race. The first event was held in 1964 at a race track on the Zeltweg Airfield. The track was deemed too dangerous. It was narrow and very bumpy. Spectators complained of poor viewing areas. The FIA removed the race from the F1 calendar until a better circuit was built.

From 1970 until 1987, the event was held at the Österreichring, near Zeltweg. In 1975, it was called the European Grand Prix. In 1987, the FIA decided that the circuit was too dangerous. The race was dropped for a decade.

In 1995 and 1996, the track was modified and brought up to modern standards. The race returned to F1 in 1997. The circuit was renamed the A1-Ring, after a sponsor. Most of the new track is in Spielberg. Spielberg was now used as the location of the Grand Prix. The final Austrian Grand Prix was held in 2003. The Grand Prix returned to the Formula One calendar in 2014.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Shared win with Kurt Ahrens, Jr.

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford (except 1967)

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Between 1998-2001 built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

<nowiki>***</nowiki> Built by Porsche

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."


Lucretia Mott

Lucretia Coffin Mott (January 3, 1793 – November 11, 1880) was an advocate for women's rights in the United States. She was one of the first people in the U.S. to do so. She also spoke on ending slavery in the United States. She was one of the leaders of the anti-slavery movement in Philadelphia. She was a Quaker, and was a minister for several years. She was born in Nantucket, Massachusetts. She helped with women's involvement and the Seneca falls convention.

Luxembourg Grand Prix

The Luxembourg Grand Prix () was a Formula One motor race for two years in the 1990s. The FIA created the Luxembourg GP to keep a race at Nürburgring, and allow the European GP to be held in another country.

The FIA only allowed one Formula One per country. They would allow a second race within a country if it had a different Grand Prix name. For several years, the German Grand Prix had been held at Hockenheimring, and the European Grand Prix at Nürburgring. There was unease that the Nürburgring was being given a monopoly for the European GP. The border of Luxembourg lies about 50 miles away from the Nürburgring track.

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

Mexican Grand Prix

The Mexican Grand Prix (Gran Premio de Mexico) is a Formula One motor race held at the Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez in Mexico City. It first appeared as a non-championship event in 1962 before being held as a championship event from 1963-1970, 1986-1992 and since 2015.

 Shared win with Trevor Taylor
Active drivers are in bold.
"Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

Active constructors are in bold.
"Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

"Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

Moroccan Grand Prix

The Moroccan Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor racing event. It began in 1925 in Casablanca, Morocco. The official name was "Casablanca Grand Prix".

In 1930, the race was moved to the new Anfa Racecourse. There was no race in 1933. There were no races between 1935 and 1953. When it returned in 1954, it was held on a circuit at the city of Agadir for sports cars.

A new circuit at Ain-Diab near Casablanca was ready for the 1957 Moroccan Grand Prix Formula One race. This race did not counttoward the World Championship. The only World Championship F1 race was in 1958. The race was marred by the death of Stuart Lewis-Evans. This was the last Grand Prix organized in Morocco.

"No driver won the Moroccan Grand Prix more than one time.

Active constructors are in bold.
"Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

"Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a" pink background.

Typesetting

Typesetting is the making of block-printed writing which is formed by using types grouped from sorts.

Typesetting uses the earlier steps of designing a font and storing it in some manner. Typesetting is the taking of the stored letters (called "sorts" in mechanical systems and "glyphs" in digital systems) and the ordering of them in the manner of a language's orthography for showing them on a page.

During the letterpress era, moveable type was composed by hand for each page. Cast metal "sorts" were grouped into words and lines of text and tightly bound together to make up a page image called a "forme". All letter faces were set to the same height, to form an even surface of type. The forme was mounted in a machine press, inked, and an impression made on paper.

The diagram at right shows a cast metal sort: a face, b body or shank, c point size, 1 shoulder, 2 nick, 3 groove, 4 foot. Wooden printing sorts were in use for centuries in combination with metal type. 

Copies of formes were cast when expecting later printings of a text, freeing the costly type for other work. In this process, called stereotyping, the entire forme is pressed into a fine matrix such as plaster of Paris or papier mâché called Flong to create a positive, from which the stereotype forme was cast of type metal. 

Hand composing was rendered commercially obsolete by continuous casting or "hot-metal" typesetting machines, such as the Linotype machine and Monotype at the end of the 19th century. The Linotype, invented by Ottmar Mergenthaler, enabled one machine operator to do the work of ten hand compositors by automating the selection, use and replacement of sorts, with a keyboard as input. Later advances, such as the typewriter or computer, pushed the state of the art even farther ahead. Still, hand composition and letterpress printing did not fall completely out of use. Since the introduction of digital typesetting, it has seen a renewal as an artisanal pursuit. However, it is a very small niche within the larger typesetting market.

Phototypesetting or "cold type" systems first appeared in the early 1960s and rapidly displaced continuous casting machines. These devices consisted of glass disks (one per font) that spun in front of a light source which selectively exposed characters onto light-sensitive paper. Originally they were driven by pre-punched paper tapes. Later they were hooked up to computer front ends.

One of the earliest electronic photocomposition systems was introduced by Fairchild Semiconductor. The typesetter typed a line of text on a Fairchild keyboard that had no display. To verify correct content of the line it was typed a second time. If the two lines were identical a bell rang and the machine produced a punched paper tape corresponding to the text. With the completion of a block of lines the typesetter fed the corresponding paper tapes into a phototypesetting device which mechanically set type outlines printed on glass sheets into place for exposure onto a negative film. Photosensitive paper was exposed to light through the negative film, resulting in a column of black type on white paper, or a galley. The galley was then cut up and used to create a mechanical drawing or paste up of a whole page. A large film negative of the page is shot and used to make a plates for offset printing.

Before the 1980s, almost all typesetting for publishers and advertisers was done by specialist typesetting companies. These companies performed keyboarding, editing and production of paper or film output, and formed a large component of the graphic arts industry. In the United States, these companies were in rural Pennsylvania, New England or the Midwest where labor was cheap, and paper produced nearby, but still within a few hours' travel time of the major publishing centers.

In 1985, desktop publishing became available, starting with the Apple Macintosh, Aldus PageMaker (and later QuarkXPress) and PostScript. Improvements in software and hardware, and rapidly-lowering costs, popularized desktop publishing and enabled very fine control of typeset results at much lower cost than the minicomputer-based systems. At the same time, word processing systems such as Wang and WordPerfect revolutionized office documents. They did not, however, have the typographic ability or flexibility required for complex book layout, graphics, mathematics, or advanced hyphenation and justification rules ("H and J").

By the year 2000, this industry segment had shrunk because publishers were now capable of integrating typesetting and graphic design on their own in-house computers. Many found that the cost of maintaining high standards of typographic design and technical skill made it more economical to out-source to freelancers and graphic design specialists.

The availability of cheap, or free, fonts made the conversion to do-it-yourself easier but also opened up a gap between skilled designers and amateurs. The advent of PostScript, supplemented by the PDF file format, provided a universal method of proofing designs and layouts, readable on major computer and operating systems.

IBM created and inspired a family of typesetting languages with names that were derivatives of the word "SCRIPT". Latter versions of SCRIPT included advanced features such as automatic generation of a table of contents and index, multi-column page layout, footnotes, boxes, automatic hyphenation and spelling verification.

SGML (Standard Generalized Markup Language) was based upon GML (IBM Generalized Markup Language). GML was a set of macros on top of IBM SCRIPT.

The arrival of SGML/XML as the document model made other typesetting engines popular. Such engines include Datalogics Pager, Penta, Miles 33's OASYS, Xyvision's XML Professional Publisher (XPP), FrameMaker, Arbortext, YesLogic's Prince, QuarkXPress and Adobe InDesign. These products allow users to program their typesetting process around the SGML/XML with the help of scripting languages. Some of them, such as Arbortext Editor and XMetaL Author, provide attractive WYSIWYG-ish interfaces with support for XML standards and Unicode to attract a wider spectrum of users.

During the mid-1970s Joseph Ossanna, working at Bell Laboratories, wrote the troff (said as "tee-roff") typesetting program to drive a Wang C/A/T phototypesetter owned by the Labs; it was later enhanced by Brian Kernighan to support output to different equipment such as laser printers and the like. While its use has fallen off, it is still included with a number of Unix and Unix-like systems and has been used to typeset a number of high-profile technical and computer books. Some versions, as well as a GNU work-alike called groff, are now open source.

The TeX system, developed by Donald E. Knuth at the end of the 1970s, is another widespread and powerful automated typesetting system which has set high standards, especially for typesetting mathematics. 



Swinging London

Swinging London is a catch-all term applied to the fashion and cultural scene which flourished in London, in the 1960s.

It was a phenomenon which emphasized the young, the new and the modern. It was a period of optimism and hedonism, and a cultural revolution. One catalyst was the recovery of the British economy after post-World War II hard times had lasted through much of the 1950s. Journalist Christopher Booker, a founder of the satirical magazine "Private Eye", recalled the "bewitching" character of the swinging sixties: "There seemed to be no one standing outside the bubble, and observing just how odd and shallow and egocentric and even rather horrible it was".

"Swinging London" was defined by "Time" magazine in its issue of 15 April 1966, and celebrated in the name of the pirate radio station, "Swinging Radio England", that began shortly afterward. However, "swinging" in the sense of hip or fashionable, had been used since the early 1960s. In 1965, Diana Vreeland, editor of "Vogue" magazine, said "London is the most swinging city in the world at the moment".

Although "The Beatles" came from Liverpool, "The Rolling Stones", and the rest of the new culture was London-based. Most of the new fashion designers, models and photographers were young, and packed into a small area in Soho around Carnaby Street, W1., and another area round the King's Road, Chelsea.

During the time of Swinging London, fashion and photography were featured in "Queen" magazine, which drew attention to fashion designer Mary Quant.

The model Jean Shrimpton was another icon and one of the world's first supermodels. She was the world's highest paid and most photographed model of the time. Shrimpton was called "The face of the '60s", in which she has been considered by many as "the symbol of Swinging London", and the "embodiment of the 1960s". Other popular models of the era included Veruschka, and Twiggy. Twiggy was called "the Queen of Mod", a label she shared with others, such as Cathy McGowan, who hosted the television rock show, "Ready Steady Go!" from 1964 to 1966.

Mod-related fashions such as the miniskirt stimulated fashionable shopping areas such as Carnaby Street and the Kings Road, Chelsea. The fashion was a symbol of youth culture.

The British flag, the Union Flag, became a symbol, assisted by events such as England's home victory in the 1966 World Cup. The Mini car (launched in 1959) was used by a fleet of mini-cab taxis highlighted by advertising which covered their paintwork.

Tosca

Tosca is an Italian opera in three acts by Giacomo Puccini. It was first performed in Rome on January 14, 1900. The libretto was written by Giuseppe Giacosa and Luigi Illica. It was based on Victorien Sardou's play "La Tosca". "Tosca" was a great success.

The story happens in Rome in the year 1800. Some years before, Rome was ruled by the pope. But Napoleon invaded Rome and made it a republic. This republic was ruled by seven men called "consuls". But Napoleon had problems with Austria and the French had to leave, so Rome was conquered by people from Naples. Because of that, the new government decided to arrest people from the previous government. In 1800 Napoleon decided to return to Rome because he had just defeated the Austrian army in the north. The battle they fought was called the "Battle of Marengo".

On the 17th of June, 1800, Scarpia, general of the secret police, is sending republicans to prison. One of the republicans, Angelotti, flees prison and gets inside the church of Sant' Andrea della Valle. Angelotti used to be one of the consuls. In this church, he meets another republican called Cavaradossi. Cavaradossi hides Angelotti in a secret place.

Later, Scarpia enters the church. Scarpia can’t find Angelotti, but meets a woman called Tosca there. She is the singer, and Cavaradossi's lover. Scarpia tricks Tosca into going to Cavaradossi’s house, and has his soldiers follow her.

Scarpia hears that his soldiers can’t find Angelotti, but have arrested Cavaradossi. Scarpia then tortures Cavaradossi, but Cavaradossi doesn’t confess where Angelotti is. So Scarpia calls Tosca, and shows her her lover’s tortured state. Tosca tells him where is the secret place Angelotti was hidden.

Then, a message comes saying that Napoleon has won the Battle of Marengo. Cavaradossi is happy, because there will be a new republican government. Scarpia is furious and condemns Cavaradossi to death.

Tosca begs Scarpia to save her lover's life. Scarpia demands that Tosca gives herself to him in exchange. As Scarpia goes to touch Tosca, she stabs him to death with a knife from the table.

Tosca runs to Cavaradossi in the prison at the castle Sant'Angelo. But, the firing squad shoot Cavaradossi. When Scarpia’s soldiers try to arrest Tosca for Scarpia's murder, she kills herself by jumping from the castle.




Manon Lescaut

Manon Lescaut is an Italian opera in four acts by Giacomo Puccini, first performed in Turin, on February 1, 1893, libretto by Luigi Illica, Giuseppe Giacosa, Giulio Ricordi, Marco Praga and Domenico Oliva. Puccini's third opera and the work that established his reputation. 



Caesars Palace Grand Prix

The Caesars Palace Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race in 1981 and 1982. Nissan/Datsun was a presenting sponsor of both races.

When Watkins Glen left the F1 schedule after 1980, the Caesars Palace GP took its place. The track was set up in the parking lot of the Caesars Palace hotel. It was surprisingly well set up for a temporary circuit. It was wide enough for passing, provided ample run-off areas filled with sand, and had a surface that was as smooth as glass. Its counter-clockwise direction put a tremendous strain on the drivers' necks. 1982 was the end of Formula One racing in Las Vegas. The races had drawn only tiny crowds.

In 1983 and 1984, CART ran Grands Prix races on the same circuit.

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."



Kakadu National Park

Kakadu National Park is in the Northern Territory of Australia, 171 km southeast of Darwin. It is the second largest national park in the world. It covers an area of . It is about 200 kilometres from north to south, and more than 100 kilometres from east to west. It is the size of Slovenia, about one-third the size of Tasmania, or nearly half the size of Switzerland. The Ranger Uranium Mine, one of the biggest Uranium mines in the world, is inside the park.

The name Kakadu comes from "Gagadju", the name of an Aboriginal language spoken in the northern part of the Park. Kakadu National Park has many different ecological areas, and many different plant and animal species. The main natural features protected within the National Park include:

Kakadu National Park is famous for the richness of its Aboriginal cultural sites. There are more than 5000 recorded art sites showing Aboriginal culture over thousands of years. The archaeological sites show that Aboriginals have lived here for at least 20 000 and possibly up to 40 000 years.
The cultural and natural values of Kakadu National Park were recognised internationally when the Park was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site. This is an international list of places that are have outstanding cultural or natural values of international significance. Kakadu was listed in three stages: Stage 1 in 1981, Stage 2 in 1987, and the entire Park in 1992.

About half of the land in Kakadu is aboriginal land under the Aboriginal Land Rights (Northern Territory) Act 1976. Most of the remaining land is currently under claim by Aboriginal people. The areas of the Park that are owned by Aboriginal people are leased by the traditional owners to the Director of National Parks to be managed as a national park. The remaining area is Australian Government land controlled by the Director of National Parks. All of Kakadu is declared a national park under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999.

The Aboriginal traditional owners of the Park are descendants of various clan groups from the Kakadu area. Their lifestyle has changed in recent years, but their traditional customs and beliefs remain very important. About 500 Aboriginal people live in the Park; many of them are traditional owners. All of Kakadu is jointly managed by Aboriginal traditional owners and the Australian Government’s Department of the Environment and Water Resources through a division known as Parks Australia. Park Management is directed by the Kakadu Board of Management.

Kakadu was set up at a time when Australians were becoming more interested in national parks for conservation and in recognising the land rights of Aboriginal people. A national park in the Alligator River region was proposed as early as 1965. In 1978 the Australian Government took over the titles of various pieces of land that now makes up Kakadu National Park.

Kakadu National Park was made a park in three stages between 1979 and 1991. Each stage of the Park includes Aboriginal land under the Land Rights Act that is leased to the Director of National Parks or land that is subject to a claim to traditional ownership under the Land Rights Act. Most of the land that was to become part of Stage One of Kakadu was given to the Kakadu Aboriginal Land Trust under the Land Rights Act in August 1978. In November 1978, the Land Trust and the Director signed a lease for the land to be managed as a national park. Stage One of the Park was declared on 5 April 1979.

Stage Two was declared on 28 February 1984. In March 1978, a claim was lodged under the Land Rights Act for the land included in Stage Two of Kakadu. The land claim was partly successful. In 1986, three areas in the eastern part of Stage Two were given to the Jabiluka Aboriginal Land Trust. A lease between the Land Trust and the Director of National parks was signed in March 1991.

In 1987, a land claim was made for the land in the Goodparla and Gimbat pastoral leases that were to be included in Stage Three of Kakadu. The other area to be included in Stage Three, the Gimbat Resumption and the Waterfall Creek Reserve, were later added to this land claim. The need to create the park in stages was due to the debate over whether mining should be allowed at Guratba (Coronation Hill) which is located in the middle of the area referred to as Sickness Country. The traditional owners’ wishes were ultimately respected and the Australian National Government decided that there would be no mining at Guratba.

In 1996, the land in Stage Three, apart from the former Goodparla pastoral leases, was given to the Gunlom Aboriginal Land Trust and leased to the Director of National Parks to continue being managed as part of Kakadu.

The Chinese, Malays and Portuguese all claim to have been the first non-Aboriginal explorers of Australia’s north coast. The first surviving written account comes from the Dutch. In 1623 Jan Carstenz made his way west across the Gulf of Carpentaria to what is believed to be Groote Eylandt. Abel Tasman was the next explorer to visit in 1644. He was the first person to record European contact with Aboriginal people. Almost a century later Matthew Flinders surveyed the Gulf of Carpentaria in 1802 and 1803.
Phillip Parker King, an English navigator entered the Gulf of Carpentaria between 1818 and 1822. During this time he named the three Alligator Rivers after the large numbers of crocodiles, which he thought were alligators.

Ludwig Leichhardt was the first land-based European explorer to visit the Kakadu region, in 1845 on his way from Moreton Bay in Queensland to Port Essington in the Northern Territory. He followed Jim Jim Creek down from the Arnhem Land escarpment, then went down the South Alligator before crossing to the East Alligator and going north.
In 1862 John McDouall Stuart travelled along the south-western boundary of Kakadu but did not see any people.

The first non-Aboriginal people to visit and have long term contact with Aboriginal people in northern Australia were the Macassans from Sulawesi and other parts of Indonesia. They travelled to northern Australia every wet season, probably from the last quarter of the 17th century, in sailing boats called praus. They came to harvest trepang (sea cucumber), turtle shell, pearls and other prized items to trade in their homeland. Aboriginal people helped in harvesting and processing the trepang, and in collecting and exchanging the other goods.

There is no evidence that the Macassans spent time on the coast of Kakadu. There is evidence of some contact between Macassan culture and Aboriginal people of the Kakadu area. Among the finds from archaeological digs in the Park are glass and metal pieces that probably came from the Macassans, either directly or through trade with the Coburg Peninsula people.

The British attempted a number of settlements on the northern Australian coast in the
early part of the 19th century: Fort Dundas on Melville Island in 1824; Fort Wellington at Raffles Bay in 1829; and Victoria Settlement (Port Essington) on the Coburg Peninsula in 1838. They wanted to secure the north of Australia before the French or Dutch, who had colonised islands further north. The British settlements all failed for a variety of reasons, such as lack of water and fresh food, sickness and isolation.
It is difficult to assess the impact of these settlements on the local Aboriginal people and the type of relationship that developed between them and the British. Certainly, some Aboriginals worked at the settlements. Exposure to new sickness was an ever-present danger. As in other parts of Australia, disease and the disruption it caused to society devastated the local Aboriginal population.

Water buffalo have had a big influence on the Kakadu region as well. By the 1880s the number of buffaloes escaped from early settlements had grown so much that hunting them for skins and horns was economically successful.

The industry began on the Adelaide River, close to Darwin, and moved east to the Mary River and Alligator Rivers regions.

Most of the buffalo hunting and skin curing was done in the dry season, between June and September, when buffaloes gathered around the remaining billabongs. During the wet season hunting stopped because the ground was too muddy to follow the buffalo and the harvested hides would rot. The buffalo hunting industry became an important employer of Aboriginal people during the dry-season months.

Missionaries had a big influence on the Aboriginal people of the Alligator Rivers area. Many of the people lived and went to school at missions. Two missions were set up in the region in the early part of the century. Kapalga Native Industrial Mission was started near the South Alligator River in 1899, but lasted only four years. The Oenpelli Mission began in 1925, when the Church of England Missionary Society accepted an offer from the Northern Territory Administration to take over the area, which had been used as a dairy farm. The Oenpelli Mission operated for 50 years.
Some writers and anthropologists say that missionaries, in trying to ‘civilise and institutionalise’ Aboriginal people, forced them to give up their lifestyle, language, religion, ceremonies and change the whole way they lived. Others say that, although they might not have used the best methods to achieve their goal, the missionaries did care about the Aboriginal people at a time when wider Australian society did not.

The pastoral industry made started slowly in the Top End. Pastoral leases in the Kakadu area were progressively given up from 1889, because the Victoria River and the Barkly Tablelands were better pastoral regions.

In southern Kakadu much of Goodparla and Gimbat was claimed in the mid-1870s by three pastoralists, Roderick, Travers and Sergison. The leases were later passed on to a series of owners, who were all unsuccessful. In 1987 both stations were taken back by the Commonwealth and added to Kakadu National Park.

There was a sawmill at Nourlangie Camp, begun by Chinese workers, probably before World War I, to cut stands of cypress pine in the area. After World War II there were a number of small-scale activities, including dingo shooting and trapping, brumby shooting, crocodile shooting, tourism and forestry.

Nourlangie Camp was again the site of a sawmill in the 1950s, until the cypress pines were cleared. In 1958 it became a safari camp for tourists. Soon after, a similar camp was started at Patonga and at Muirella Park. People were flown in to hunt buffalo, crocodiles and fishing.

Crocodile hunters often made use of the bush skills of Aboriginal people. By copying a wallaby’s tail hitting the ground, Aboriginal hunters could attract crocodiles, making it easier to shoot the animals. Using paperbark rafts, they would track the movement of a wounded crocodile and get the carcass for skinning. The skins were then sold to make leather goods. Aboriginal people became less involved in commercial hunting of crocodiles once night spotlight shooting started. Freshwater Crocodiles have been protected by law since 1964 and Saltwater Crocodiles since 1971.

Minerals were found in the Top End during the building of the Australian Overland Telegraph Line line between 1870 and 1872, in the Pine Creek – Adelaide River area. A number of short mining booms followed.

The building of the North Australia Railway line helped the mining camps, and places such as Burrundie and Pine Creek became permanent settlements. The mining camps and new settlements drew many Aboriginal people away from Kakadu. No Aboriginal people are known to have worked in the mines but their access to alcohol and other drugs had a huge impact.

Small-scale gold mining began at Imarlkba, near Barramundi Creek, and Mundogie Hill in the 1920s and at Moline (previously called Eureka and Northern Hercules mine), south of the Park, in the 1930s. The mines employed a few local Aboriginal people.

In 1953 uranium was discovered in the South Alligator River valley. Thirteen small but rich uranium mines operated in the following decade, at their peak in 1957 employing over 150 workers. No Aboriginal people were employed at any of these mines.

Early in the 1970s large uranium deposits were discovered at Ranger, Jabiluka and Koongarra. The Australian Government began an inquiry into land use in the Alligator Rivers region. The Ranger Uranium Environmental Inquiry (known as the Fox inquiry) recommended that mining begin at the Ranger site. It also said that Jabiluka and Koongarra sites should be developed, and that a town be built to support the mines.(Fox et al. 1976, 1977). The Ranger mine and the service town at Jabiru have had many impacts on Aboriginal people. Aboriginal people have different opinions about mining.

Kakadu is in the tropics, between 12° and 14° south of the Equator. The climate is monsoonal,
with two main seasons: the dry season and the rain season. The 'build up' describes the change between the dry and the rain. During the dry season (from April/May to September), there are dry southerly and easterly trade winds. Humidity is relatively low and rain is unusual. At Jabiru, the average maximum temperature for June-July is 32 °C. During the 'build up' (October to December) conditions can be extremely uncomfortable with high temperatures and high humidity. However, 'build up' storms are impressive and with many lightning strikes. At Jabiru the average maximum temperature for October is 37.5 °C.
The rain season (January to March/April) has warm temperatures and rain. Most of the rain is caused by monsoonal troughs formed over Southeast Asia. Sometimes tropical cyclones cause very heavy rain over small areas. At Jabiru, the average maximum temperature for January is 33 °C. Annual rainfall in Kakadu National Park ranges from 1,565 mm in Jabiru to 1,300 mm in the Mary River region.

The Aboriginal people, the Bininj/Mungguy, named as many as six seasons in the Kakadu region:


Periods of torrential rain and long dry spells mean that Kakadu can change its appearance according to the season, so is a place deserving of more than one visit.
Kakadu has more than 2000 plant species, because of the different geological areas, landforms and habitats. Kakadu is also said to be one of the most weed free national parks in the world.

The different geographical areas of Kakadu have their own specialised plants. The area called ‘the Stone Country’ has ‘resurrection grasses’ that are able to survive extreme heat, and dry conditions followed by periods of heavy rain. Monsoon forests often develop in the cool moist gorges found in the stone country. The southern hills and basins support several endemic plants that are only found in Kakadu such as "Eucalyptus koolpinensis" near Jarrangbarnmi (Koolpin Gorge). Lowland areas form a large proportion of Kakadu National Park and are mainly covered in eucalypt-dominated open woodland with the ground layer consisting of a large range of grasses including spear grass, sedges and wildflowers.

The floodplains, which are flooded for several months each year, feature sedges such as spike rush as well patches of freshwater mangroves (itchy tree), pandanus and paper bark trees (Melaleuca). Varieties of water lilies, such as the blue, yellow and white snowflake, are commonly found in these areas. Estuaries and tidal flats are populated with varieties of mangroves, in fact 39 of the 47 Northern Territory species of mangrove are found in Kakadu. These are important for preventing erosion of the coast. Mangroves serve as feeding and breeding grounds for many fish species including the barramundi.

On the tidal flats behind the mangroves, hardy succulents (samphire), grasses and sedges grow. Isolated pockets of monsoon forest grow along the coast and river banks. These forests contain several impressive trees, among them the banyan fig, which can be recognised by its large, spreading aerial roots, and the kapok tree, which has a spiny trunk, large, waxy red flowers and pods full of cotton-like material.

The different areas of Kakadu National Park support a huge number of animals, a number of which have adapted to particular habitats. Some animals in the Park are rare, endangered, vulnerable or endemic. Because of the extreme weather conditions experienced in the Park, many animals are active only at particular times of the day or night or at particular times of the year.

About 62 mammal species have been seen in the Park. Most of them live in the open forest and woodlands and are nocturnal, making it difficult to see them. Others, such as wallabies and kangaroos are active in the cooler parts of the day and are easier to see. The larger mammals are Dingos, Antilopine Kangaroos, Black Wallaroos, Agile Wallabys, and Short-eared Rock Wallabys. Smaller common mammals are northern quolls, brush-tailed phascogales, brown bandicoots, black-footed tree-rats, and black fruit bats. Dugongs are found in the coastal waters. However, recent surveys have shown smaller numbers of nearly all mammals throughout Kakadu. This includes once common and widespread species such as northern quolls.

Kakadu’s many habitats support more than 280 species of birds. This is about one-third of Australia’s bird species. Some birds range over a number of habitats, but many are found in only one environment.

To date, 123 species of reptiles have been found in Kakadu. Being cold blooded, these animals need heat from an external source such as the sun to control their body temperature. This is not to say that reptiles are active only during the day; in fact, few snakes can withstand Kakadu’s midday heat and most are active at night.
Two species of crocodile live in Kakadu: the Freshwater Crocodile ("Crocodylus johnstonii") and the Estuarine, or Saltwater Crocodile ("C. porosus"). Freshwater Crocodiles have a narrow snout and a single row of four large boney lumps called ‘scutes’ immediately behind the head. Estuarine Crocodiles do not have these scutes and their snout is broader. The maximum size for a ‘freshie’ is 3 metres, whereas a ‘saltie’ can exceed 6 metres.

Kakadu’s 25 frog species are extremely well adapted to the region’s climatic extremes. Many remain dormant during dry times. At the start of the wet season, when the billabongs and swamps start to fill with water, the night air is filled with the sounds of frogs such as the northern bullfrog and the marbled frog. As the water builds up, frogs and tadpoles have plenty of food, such as algae, vegetation, insects, dragonfly nymphs, and other tadpoles. Not all of Kakadu’s frogs are found in the wetlands: many live in the lowland forests.
Fifty-one species of freshwater fish have been found in Kakadu’s waterways; eight of them have a restricted distribution. In the Magela Creek system alone, 32 species have been found. In comparison, the Murray–Darling river system, the most extensive in Australia, now supports only 27 native fish species. Although introduced fish have been found in most Australian waterways, none have been recorded in the Park.

Kakadu supports more than 10,000 species of insect including grasshoppers, beetles, flies, termites, butterflies and moths, bees, wasps, ants, dragonflies and damselflies, caddis flies, non-biting midges and mayflies. The great variety of insects is a result of the varied habitats and relatively high temperatures throughout the year.

Perhaps the most striking insect-created features in the Park are the termite mounds. The mounds in the southern part of the Park are particularly large and impressive. Leichhardt’s grasshopper, in colours of orange, blue and black, is perhaps the most spectacular insect found in Kakadu. It is also found on the Arnhem Land plateau and in Gregory National Park.
Kakadu has seen several invasive species threaten the native habitat, particularly in recent decades. Introduced fauna including the Water Buffalo, wild pig and more recently, the Cane Toad have had major effects on habitat. Invasive weeds include "Mimosa pigra", which covers 800 km² of the Top End, including vast areas of Kakadu, invasive paragrass displaces the native food of much of Kakadu's birdlife. "Salvinia molesta" has infested the Magela floodplain. Brumbies also inhabit areas of the National Park, including Yellow Water.
There are six main landforms in Kakadu National Park:
Each landform has its own range of habitats. Kakadu’s varied landscapes and the habitats they contain are features that contributed to its listing as a World Heritage Area.

Most of Kakadu was under a shallow sea about 140 million years ago, with the escarpment wall formed from sea cliffs and Arnhem Land from a flat plateau above the sea. Currently the escarpment rises 330 metres above the plateau and stretches 500 kilometres along the East edge of the park and on into Arnhem Land. The escarpment varies from near vertical cliffs in the Jim Jim Falls area to isolated outliers and stepped cliffs in the North.

Chasms and gorges form a network that cut through the rocky platforms on the plateau. The plateau top is a harsh, dry environment where water drains away quickly and top soil is scarce in most areas. Sparse pockets of open forest and woodlands have developed in these areas. However creeks have carved deep gorges in the escarpment in which tall monsoon forests grow. These areas form microclimates for plants and animals and often serve as a refuge during the dry season. Allosyncarpia ternata, a large shady tree found only in the Kakadu and Arnhem Land, is the main plant species.

The outliers are pieces of the Arnhem Land plateau that have become separated from the plateau by erosion. They were islands in the ancient seas that once covered much of Kakadu. The lowland plains stretch over much of the Top End and they make up nearly 70% of the Park. The soils are shallow and often are above large sheets of laterite (ironstone) and a thick profile of strongly leached rocks.
During the wet season, water carried down from the Arnhem Land plateau often overflows from creeks and rivers onto nearby floodplains. Alluvial soils carried in the floodwaters add nutrients to the floodplains. Nutrient-rich soils along with an abundance of water and sunlight make the floodplains an area of prolific plant and animal life. During the dry season the water drains into rivers, creeks and isolated waterholes or billabongs. Kakadu’s wetlands are listed under the Convention on Wetlands of International Importance (the Ramsar Convention) for their outstanding ecological, botanical, zoological and hydrological features.

The southern hills and basins cover a large area in the south of the Park, including the headwaters of the South Alligator River. Rocks here have been exposed from beneath the retreating Arnhem escarpment; they are of volcanic origin and are extremely old (2500 million years). This landform is characterised by rugged strike ridges separated by alluvial flats.
Kakadu’s coast and the creeks and river systems under tidal influence (extending about 100 kilometres inland) make up this landform. The shape of the estuaries and tidal flats varies considerably from the dry season to the wet season. During the dry season tidal action deposits silt along the river beds and banks. During the wet season the river beds are eroded by the floodwaters and large quantities of fresh and saline water flow out across the tidal flats, where silt is deposited. Large silt loads are also carried out to sea, some of the silt being deposited as a nutrient rich layer on the sea floor, contributing to the muddy waters that characterise Kakadu’s coastline.

The estuaries and tidal flats are home to many plants and animals adapted to living in the oxygen-deficient saline mud. The dominant habitats are mangrove swamps and samphire flats. Where freshwater springs occur along the coasts and river banks, isolated pockets of coastal monsoon rainforests form.

The art sites of Ubirr, Nourlangie Rock and Nanguluwur are world famous as examples of Aboriginal rock art. These sites are found among the rocks that have given shelter to the Aborigines for thousands of years. The painting in these rock shelters were done for different reasons:
Ubirr is a group of rock outcrops in the northest of the Park, on the edge of the Nadab floodplain. There are several large rock overhangs that would have provided excellent shelter to Aboriginal people over thousands of years. Because it is close to the East Alligator River and Nadab floodplains, it means that there would have been plenty of food. This is shown in much of the rock art here. Animals shown in the main gallery include barramundi, catfish, mullet, goanna, snake-necked turtle, pig-nosed turtle, Rock-haunting Ringtail Possum, and wallaby and thylacine (Tasmanian Tiger).

There are also images of the Rainbow Serpent said to have created much of the landscape as well as mischievous Mimi spirits and the story of the Namarrgarn Sisters. Many stories connected to Aboriginal rock are highly complex and linked to other stories. Often the true meanings have been lost, but they all have a purpose which is usually to serve as a lesson or a warning to the young or to those passing through the area.

Nourlangie is located in an outlying formation of the Arnhem Land Escarpment. There are a number of shelters in this large outcrop linked by paths and stairways. The shelters contain several impressive paintings that deal with the Dreamtime. The stories connected to these artworks are known only to certain Aboriginal people and remain secret.

Anbangbang Billabong lies in the shadow of Nourlangie Rock and is home to a wide range of wildlife which would have sustained traditional Aboriginal people well.

Nanguluwur, a small art site near Nourlangie, has several rock art styles. These include hand stencils, dynamic figures in large head-dresses carrying spears and boomerangs, Namandi spirits and mythical figures, including Alkajko, a female spirit with four arms and horns. There is also an interesting example of ‘contact art’ showing a two-masted sailing ship with anchor chain and a dinghy trailing behind.

Humans have made major changes in the area during the 19th and 20th century. Introduction of water buffalo from Southeast Asia caused damage to the fragile floodplains and wetlands. Since then, buffalo have largely been removed from the area so the land is now recovering. Crocodile hunting which has been banned since 1972 made a huge impact on crocodile numbers. Since they have been protected, the crocodiles have recovered so successfully that some think there are now too many.

Mining has made changes to the landscape, but only one uranium mine (Ranger) remains. Mine operators are have to repair and replant the area when the mine closes. Some small scale logging took place in the early part of the 20th century, but little evidence of this remains. Tourism causes big changes to Kakadu National Park with hundreds of thousands of visitors arriving annually. Roads, tracks, signs, shelter, accommodation, telecommunications and other services must be provided to support this activity.
Fire is part of the landscape of Kakadu National Park. The Park has large areas of woodland and grassy plains that are subject to long periods of dry hot weather. The flora of the region has adapted to frequent fires. Fires in northern Australia are less threatening than in southern Australia as many of the trees are largely fire resistant while other plants simply grow back very quickly.

Controlled burning is practiced by the national park in consultation with traditional owners who have used fire as a land management tool for thousands of years. Fire is an important hunting tool for Aboriginal people using it to flush out prey. The other benefit is that once the fire has gone through an area the tender shoots of the fast regenerating grasses attract wallabies into a clearly defined area. Birds of prey such as Whistling Kites also rely on fire to flush out small animals and are usually found in large numbers circling a fire front. Other species such as white-throated grasswrens have declined because of too many fires. Aboriginal people understand that fire is necessary to ‘clean up’ the landscape and believe that many small fires are preferable to one large fire.

Kakadu National Park is a major tourist attraction in Australia’s north with more than 200,000 visitors a year. Kakadu’s dramatic landscape, Aboriginal cultural significance and diverse and abundant wildlife are what visitors come to see. There are many beautiful waterfalls and gorges within the Park that are popular with visitors such as Maguk, Gunlom, Twin Falls and Jim Jim Falls.

Kakadu National Park has some of the best examples of Aboriginal rock art in Australia. The sites of Nourlangie and Ubirr are among the most visited locations in the Park. It is possible to view some of Kakadu’s diverse wildlife at places like Yellow Water Billabong, Cooinda on board a wildlife cruise or at Mamukala Wetlands or Anbangbang Billabong. The Kakadu region is one of the world’s best for bird watching as about 30% of Australia’s bird species can be seen here.
Large saltwater crocodiles are also common at Yellow Water and the East Alligator River. The Crocodile Dundee movies were made here. Visitors need to be careful around crocodiles as they have been responsible for a number of fatal attacks. Fishing is a popular activity inside Kakadu National Park. The main species is Barramundi and the most popular locations are Yellow Water, the South Alligator and the East Alligator River. Hunting is not allowed in Kakadu National Park.

There are several places to stay in the Park, mostly found in the town of Jabiru, as well as a range of services to cater to visitor’s needs. Visitors can experience Kakadu National Park with a recognised tour operator or they can drive themselves. Many of the Park’s sites are can be reached by standard two wheel drive vehicles, but areas like Twin and Jim Jim Falls and Gunlom require four wheel drive vehicles. Visitors can experience Kakadu National Park via the Nature’s Way tourism drive which is a loop from Darwin to Jabiru then onto Katherine and back to Darwin covering about 900 km.
The Park is proclaimed under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (the EPBC Act) and is managed through a joint management arrangement between the Aboriginal traditional owners and the Director of National Parks. The Director manages Commonwealth national parks through Parks Australia, which is a part of the Department of the Environment and Water Resources. Title to Aboriginal land in the Park is held by Aboriginal land trusts. The land trusts have leased their land to the Director of National Parks for the purpose of a national park for the enjoyment and benefit of all Australians and international visitors. Traditional owners have also expected that having their land managed as a national park would assist them in looking after their land in the face of growing and competing pressures. They saw a national park as establishing a way to manage the land that could protect their interests and be sympathetic to their aspirations. Parks Australia and the Aboriginal traditional owners of Kakadu are committed to the principle of joint management of the Park and arrangements to help this happen are highlighted in Kakadu’s Plan of Management.
The EPBC Act provides for boards of management to be established for parks on Aboriginal land. The Kakadu Board of Management, which has an Aboriginal majority (ten out of fifteen members), representing the Aboriginal traditional owners of land in the Park, was established in 1989. The Board determines policy for managing the Park and is responsible, along with the Director, for preparing plans of management for the Park. The Plan of Management is the main policy document for the Park and strives to balance strategic or long-term goals and tactical or day to day goals.
Day to day management of Kakadu is carried out by people employed by Parks Australia, which is a branch of the Australian Government’s Department of the Environment and Water Resources. Approximately one-third of the staff in Kakadu are Aboriginal people.
Kakadu National Park brought in an entry fee in April 2010. Money raised will help manage the natural and cultural values of the park environment and improve visitor services.

Like many World Heritage sites around the world, including Yellowstone National Park, Serengeti National Park, Stonehenge, Pompeii and Herculaneum and the Pyramids of Giza - a park use fee will help maintain world-best management practices and facilities for the more than 200,000 visitors who experience Kakadu each year.

The $25 fee will apply to all interstate and international visitors aged 16 years and over. It can be used for 14 days. All Northern Territory residents and children under 16 have free entry.

Kakadu National Park is linked to Darwin by the Arnhem Highway and to Pine Creek and Katherine by the Kakadu Highway. Both roads are sealed all weather roads although may be cut off periodically during periods of heavy rain.

The town of Jabiru has several accommodation options, a service station, police, a medical clinic and a shopping centre with a range of outlets. The town was built for the Uranium mine that was established prior to the founding of Kakadu National Park and provides infrastructure for the mine’s workforce as well as the national park activities and tourism. Jabiru has a small airport from which scenic flights operate daily. There are no scheduled air services between Jabiru and Darwin however.

Other small tourism centres such as Cooinda and South Alligator provide limited facilities. Cooinda, 50 km south of Jabiru on the Kakadu Highway is the site of Gagudju Lodge Cooinda, Yellow Water Cruises and the Warradjan Cultural Centre. Fuel and limited provisions are available at Cooinda and there is also a small airstrip for scenic flights. South Alligator approximately 40 km west of Jabiru on the Arnhem Highway includes a hotel and service station. The Border Store near Ubirr Art Site and Cahills Crossing, 50 km north of Jabiru, is a general store.

There are a wide variety of designated camping sites throughout the Park. Jabiru, Cooinda and South Alligator all have commercial camping areas and are close to most of the important natural attractions in these areas. Some of the Park’s campsites charge a nominal fee as these have shower and toilet facilities, others are free, however they have limited or no facilities. A list of the sites can be obtained from the Kakadu National Park’s Glenn Murcutt-designed Bowali Visitor Centre or from their website.




Detroit Grand Prix

The Detroit Grand Prix is a car racing event held in Detroit, Michigan, USA. From 1982 to 1988 it was a part of the Formula One series. It has been a part of the IndyCar Series since 1988.

In 1982, the U.S. became the first country to host three World Championship Grands Prix in one season. As of 2010, it is the only one to do so. In addition to the US GP West and Caesars Palace GP races, the new event was held on another street course, in the Renaissance Center of Detroit.

The original circuit had seventeen corners in 2.493 miles, and included a tunnel and a railroad track crossing. For 1989, it was planned to move the Grand Prix to a new circuit at Belle Isle. However, an agreement could not be reached, and the Grand Prix moved to Phoenix in 1989. Upon the departure of F1, the Detroit race was replaced by an event sanctioned by CART, which was held on the same track except the 18th turn, a chicane, was removed. In 1992, the race was moved to Belle Isle, an island in the Detroit River. Since then, the race has been held at Belle Isle. It was canceled after the 2001 race before being held in 2007 and 2008. The race returned for 2012 and has been on the IndyCar series schedule since.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth


Dallas Grand Prix

The Dallas Grand Prix was a Formula One World Championship motor race in 1984. The race was run at the Fair Park street circuit. In 1988, the Dallas GP became a round of the American Trans-Am Series.

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
Sources:


United States Grand Prix West

The United States Grand Prix West was a Formula One motor race held at street circuit in Long Beach, California. It was a Formula 5000 race in 1975, and a F1 world championship event from 1976 to 1983. After 1983 the event became the Long Beach Grand Prix of the CART series.

"See also Grand Prix of Long Beach"

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, engine program funded by Ford


Pilsner Urquell

Pilsner Urquell (Czech: Plzeňský Prazdroj) is a famous brand of beer that is made in the city of Pilsen in Western Bohemia, Czech Republic. They started making this beer in 1842. The Asahi Breweries company owns this brewery today.

Swiss Grand Prix

The Swiss Grand Prix (, ) was the motor race of Switzerland. In its later years it was a Formula One race.

Grand Prix racing started in Switzerland in 1934. The Bremgarten circuit was just outside the town of Bremgarten, near Bern. The Swiss Grand Prix counted toward the European Championship from 1935 to 1939.

The Bremgarten track remained the home of the Swiss Grand Prix until 1954. In 1958, motor racing was banned by the Swiss government as an unsafe spectator sport. The was in reaction following the death of 80 people at the 1955 24 Hours of Le Mans race. The Swiss Grand Prix did return for two more races, but at the Dijon-Prenois circuit, just across the border in France. In 1975 it was a non-Championship Grand Prix. One Championship F1 race was held in 1982.

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A yellow background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."

Swedish Grand Prix

The Swedish Grand Prix was a round of the Formula One World Championship from 1973 to 1978. It took place at the Scandinavian Raceway in Anderstorp (Gislaved Municipality), about 30 km from Jönköping, in Småland, Sweden. 

The deaths in 1978 of both Ronnie Peterson and Gunnar Nilsson contributed to dropping the Swedish GP from the world championship. Interest for Formula One in Sweden fell following the death of these two Swedish racers.

"The races before 1956 were formally called the Swedish Summer Grand Prix."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."


Coppa Acerbo

The Coppa Acerbo was an motor race held in Italy. Following Italy's defeat in World War II, the race was renamed the Circuito di Pescara, and in some years was also referred to as the Pescara Grand Prix ("Gran Premio di Pescara"). The race was run between 1924 and 1961 with a variety of vehicle classes. In the Pescara Grand Prix was one round of the Formula One World Championship. This race which holds the record of the longest circuit length ever used for a Championship event.

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."


Pacific Grand Prix

The Pacific Grand Prix was a round of the Formula One World Championship in and . Both races were held at the Tanaka International Aida circuit(now Okayama International Circuit), a 2.3-mile track in the countryside in Aida (near Kobe), Japan. 


"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth

"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

Anna Bolena

Anna Bolena is an Italian opera in two acts. Gaetano Donizetti wrote the music to a libretto by Felice Romani. The opera was first performed in Milan, on December 26, 1830. "Anna Bolena" was Donizetti's thirty-third opera. It was his first major success, and the work that established his reputation in Europe. The opera was long neglected until it was revived to great acclaim by Maria Callas at La Scala in Milan in 1957. It has since been regularly performed, notably by Joan Sutherland, Montserrat Caballé and Beverly Sills. 


The action takes place in England in 1536. The opera relates the stormy relationship between King Henry VIII and his second wife Anne Boleyn, and the king's new romantic interest in Jane Seymour. Anne is accused of treason and adultery and executed to make way for Jane to become his third wife. 


Copper(II) carbonate

Copper(II) carbonate, also known as cupric carbonate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuCO. It contains copper in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains carbonate ions.

Copper(II) carbonate is a blue-green solid. It is made when copper is in air for a long time and turns green. The other part of that coating is copper(II) hydroxide. It dissolves in acids to make carbon dioxide and a copper salt. It breaks down when heated to make carbon dioxide and copper(II) oxide.

It can be made by leaving copper(II) hydroxide in air, which makes copper(II) carbonate. It can also be made by reacting copper sulfate and sodium carbonate. This makes sodium sulfate in solution.

Copper(II) carbonate can be used to kill algae. It is also used as a pigment.

It can irritate the skin. It is toxic since it dissolves in stomach acid to make copper ions in solution, which can be absorbed.


Copper(II) hydroxide

Copper(II) hydroxide, also known as cupric hydroxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Cu(OH). It contains copper in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains hydroxide ions.

Copper(II) hydroxide is light blue. It is rubbery when wet. When it is mixed with copper(II) carbonate, it is greenish. It reacts with carbon dioxide to make copper(II) carbonate when in air. It turns into copper(II) oxide when wet. When it is dry, though, it only turns into copper(II) oxide when it is heated. It reacts with ammonia to make a very dark blue solution.

Copper(II) hydroxide can be made by reacting copper sulfate with sodium hydroxide. Potassium hydroxide can be used, but it is more expensive. It can also be made by electrolyzing a solution of sodium bicarbonate with a copper anode. 

Copper(II) hydroxide is used to kill mold in paints. It can be used to color ceramics. It can be used as a catalyst.

It is not toxic in small amounts, but it can dissolve in stomach acid to make soluble copper, which can poison much more easily.


Copper(II) oxide

Copper(II) oxide, also known as cupric oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuO. It has copper in its +2 oxidation state. It also has oxide ions.

Copper(II) oxide is a black solid. It dissolves in acids to make copper(II) salts. It can react with carbon monoxide or hydrogen to make copper metal. It dissolves in very concentrated alkalis. It dissolves in ammonia to make a dark blue solution, similar to copper(II) hydroxide.

It can be made by heating copper(II) hydroxide. It can also be made by heating copper in air. It can also be made by heating copper(II) carbonate or copper(II) nitrate.

Copper(II) oxide is used to color ceramics. It is also used to make thermite. It can react with many toxic chemicals to oxidize them, so they are not toxic any more. It can be added to vitamins to get copper into the body. It can also be added to clothing to kill germs.

Copper(II) oxide is toxic when eaten. It can be eaten in very small amounts, such as in vitamins. This adds copper to the body, which is needed.


Copper oxide

Copper oxide can refer to either of these compounds:


Copper(II) sulfate

Copper(II) sulfate, also known as cupric sulfate, copper sulfate, blue vitriol, or bluestone, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuSO. It contains copper in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains sulfate ions. It is a blue solid that can kill fungi. It is also used to purify copper metal. It is common in chemistry sets and chemistry demonstrations, and practical lessons at high school.

Copper(II) sulfate is a blue solid when hydrated (attached to water molecules). It is whitish when anhydrous (not attached to water molecules). When hydrated, it normally has five water molecules attached to it. It can be dehydrated by heating it. When water is added to it, it gets hydrated again. When it is in air, it absorbs water vapor and becomes hydrated, too.

It is a weak oxidizing agent. It reacts with most metals to make copper and a metal sulfate. For example, it reacts with iron to make copper and iron(II) sulfate. 

It reacts with sodium hydroxide or potassium hydroxide to make copper(II) hydroxide. 

It reacts with sodium carbonate to make copper(II) carbonate.

It reacts with ammonia to make a dark blue solution. This solution can dissolve fibers in cotton. 

When it is heated to a high temperature, it turns into copper(II) oxide and sulfur trioxide.

It makes a blue-green color when it is heated in a flame, like all copper compounds.
Copper(II) sulfate is found in the ground as chalcanthite. Chalcanthite is easily dissolved. It is only found in dry areas. When it is in air, it loses its bright blue color. Some minerals are tested by taste. Chalcanthite has a sweet metal taste. It should only be tasted carefully, as it is poisonous. Its Mohs hardness is 2.5. It is the pentahydrate of copper sulfate. It is blue or green. Many people collecting minerals want it.

Copper sulfate is not normally made in a small laboratory, because it is much easier just to buy it. There are some ways to make copper sulfate, however.

Copper(II) sulfate can be made by electrolysis of a solution of sulfuric acid with copper electrodes. Hydrogen is made, as well as copper sulfate solution. 

It can also be made by reacting copper(II) oxide or copper(II) hydroxide or copper(II) carbonate with sulfuric acid or by adding copper to heated concentrated sulphuric acid: 

It can also be made by reacting copper with a mixture of nitric acid and sulfuric acid.

Copper(II) sulfate, as the most common copper compound, has many uses. It can be used to kill algae and fungi. Some fungi can get resistant to copper sulfate, though. Then the copper sulfate does not kill them any more. It can be mixed with lime to make a similar fungi killer. It can be used to treat aquarium fish for infections. It is also used to detect sugars. It turns into red copper(I) oxide when reduced by a sugar. It can be used in organic chemistry as a catalyst and oxidizing agent. It is used to see whether blood is anemic.

It is commonly found in chemistry sets. It is used to demonstrate a displacement reaction, where a metal reacts with copper sulfate to make copper and the metal sulfate. It is also used to demonstrated hydrated and anhydrous chemicals. It was used as an emetic in the past. It is seen as too toxic now. 

It can be used to purify copper. A thin pure piece of copper and a thick impure piece of copper are placed in copper sulfate solution. The thin plate is connected to the negative wire and the thick plate to the positive wire. An electrical current is passed through them. The copper in the thick plate dissolves and plates on the thin plate. All of the impurities fall to the bottom, while the pure copper is made at the negative electrode.

Someone covered the walls of their apartment with copper sulfate crystals for decoration.

Copper sulfate is somewhat toxic to humans. It is very toxic to fish, though. In humans, it irritates skin and eyes. It can cause nausea when eaten. It automatically makes one throw up when it is ingested. If too much is eaten, however, it can get into the stomach and cause many problems.

Cooper Tire &amp; Rubber Company

Cooper Tire & Rubber Company () is a United States based company. They design, manufacture, marketing and sales replacement automobile and truck tires. With their subsidiaries they produce medium truck, motorcycle and racing tires. Their headquarters is in Findlay, Ohio. Cooper Tire has 60 facilities located around the world.

Cooper also owns the UK Avon Tyres brand, which also produces tires for motorcycles, road cars, and for motor racing.

The beginning for Cooper Tire was the "M and M Company". M and M was formed by two brothers-in-law in Akron, Ohio in 1914. M and M made tire repair materials. M and M was bought by the Giant Tire and Rubber Company and moved to Findlay, Ohio. The site is still occupied by Cooper Tire and is next to The Cooper Corporation facilities. The Cooper name came from Ira J. Cooper in 1919. He formed a company to manufacture new tires. The Cooper Corporation, the M and M Company, and The Falls Rubber company merged in 1930 to form the "Master Tire and Rubber Company".

During World War II the Master Tire and Rubber built military equipment, such as pontoons, waterproof bags, life jackets, and, tires. The company received the Army-Navy 'E' Award for excellence. The name was changed to Cooper Tire and Rubber Company in 1946.

Cooper Tire began a 51% owned joined venture with Shandong Chengshan Tire Co in 2006. They will produce truck and passenger car tires for Chinese and export markets. Cooper Tires is the second largest United States based tire company, after Goodyear.

Cooper Tires produces Cooper branded tires for passenger cars, light trucks, sport utility vehicles and commercial trucks.

In 1997, the tyre business of Avon Rubber PLC of Melksham, Wiltshire, in the United Kingdom was sold to Cooper Tire. The Cooper Tire site remains a major employer in central Melksham.

In addition to Avon, Cooper Tire manufactures tires under the brand names Dean, Mastercraft and Starfire.

Cooper Tire became the official tire of the A1 Grand Prix for the series' initial 2005-06 season. Cooper was under contract to produce tires for the series championship until 2007-08. Cooper Tire became the official tire of the Champ Car Atlantic Championship in 2007. Cooper Tire became the official tire of USF2000 National Championship and the IMSA Prototype Lites series (formerly IMSA Lites) in 2010. 

Cooper is heavily involved in the sport of drifting by supplying tires to several drifters in both the Need for Speed Formula D Drift series and Canadian Drift series.

Cooper employs 13,311 employees. Roy V. Armes is Chairman, President, and CEO.


Copper chloride

Copper chloride can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Copper(I) chloride

Copper(I) chloride, also known as cuprous chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuCl. It contains copper in its +1 oxidation state. It also contains chloride ions. 

Copper(I) chloride is white when pure. It does not dissolve in water. It is green when in air because of conversion to copper(II) chloride. It can react with Lewis bases, a group of chemicals. It dissolves in hydrochloric acid easily. It dissolves in solutions that have ammonia in them. It absorbs carbon monoxide. It easily disproportionates into copper and copper(II) chloride. It reacts with ammonia and acetylene to make copper(I) acetylide, a reddish explosive.

It can be made by reduction of copper(II) chloride. It was made at first by reacting copper with mercury(II) chloride. It can be made by heating copper(II) chloride very hot. Some chlorine is released, and copper(I) chloride is left behind.

Copper(I) chloride is used to make a fungicide, which is used to kill fungi. It is also used to make many organic compounds. 


Alex Delvecchio

Alexander Peter "Fats" Delvecchio (born December 4, 1931 in Fort William, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey player and member of the Hockey Hall of Fame.



Copper(II) chloride

Copper(II) chloride, also known as cupric chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuCl. It contains copper in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains two chloride ions.

Copper(II) chloride is light brown when anhydrous. It is green when hydrated. It is a weak oxidizing agent. It reacts with aluminium foil to make hydrogen, copper(I) oxide, and aluminium chloride. This is used in school demonstrations. It releases chlorine and turns into copper(I) chloride when heated very hot. It reacts with sodium hydroxide to make copper(II) hydroxide. Copper(II) chloride reacts with metals to make metal chlorides and copper. It puts out blue flames if it is heated in a flame. It reacts with sulfur dioxide to make copper(I) chloride. It dissolves in water to make a blue solution. When more chloride is added, it turns green, then yellow.

It is made by reacting copper with chlorine. It can also be made by reacting copper(II) hydroxide, copper(II) oxide, or copper(II) carbonate with hydrochloric acid and from pure copper and from 1:1 solution of hydrogen peroxide and hydrochloric acid where copper first get oxidized to CuO from H2O2 and then reacts with HCl to form CuCl2, reaction goes like this:

Cu + HO → CuO + HO

CuO + 2HCl → CuCl + HO

Copper(II) chloride is used to make fungicides. It is also used to make organic compounds. It is also used to make acetaldehyde from ethane.
It is toxic, with toxicity similar to copper sulfate It is therefore harmful.

Copper(I) oxide

Copper(I) oxide, also known as cuprous oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuO. It contains copper in its +1 oxidation state. It also contains oxide ions.

Copper(I) oxide is a red solid. It can also be yellow, but not commonly. It does not dissolve in water. It turns into copper(II) oxide when in air. It dissolves in ammonia to make a colorless complex. This is oxidized to a blue complex of copper(II). It dissolves in concentrated hydrochloric acid. It also dissolves in concentrated sulfuric acid to make copper(II) sulfate and nitric acid to make copper(II) nitrate.

Copper(I) oxide is found in the ground. It is a copper ore.

Copper(I) oxide is made by heating copper in air. Some copper(II) oxide is also made. It can also be made by reducing copper(II) oxide or other copper(II) compounds. It is the result of a test for sugars. Green copper(II) chloride is reduced to red copper(I) oxide when a sugar is present.

Copper(I) oxide is used as a semiconductor. It is also used as a pigment and fungicide. It can be used to stop things from growing on ships.


Copper(I) acetylide

Copper(I) acetylide, also known as cuprous acetylide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuC. It contains copper in its +1 oxidation state. It also contains acetylide ions.

Copper(I) acetylide is a reddish solid. It is an explosive. It is a strange explosive because it does not release gas. When it detonates, it only releases copper and carbon. It can be formed inside copper pipes where acetylene flows through. It explodes because the acetylide is a reducing agent and the copper(I) is an oxidizing agent. 

It is made by reacting copper(I) chloride dissolved in ammonia with acetylene. Hydrochloric acid and copper(I) acetylide is made. This reaction is used to test for acetylene.

It is used in organic chemistry. It is a very sensitive explosive, too sensitive to be used. 


Illinois State University

Illinois State University is a public university in Normal, Illinois. Founded in 1857, it is Illinois' oldest public university. It was originally a teachers' college or "Normal School", and was known as Illinois State Normal University.

Acetylide

Acetylide, also known as ethynide, dicarbide, and percarbide, is an ion. Its chemical formula is C. It is made by deprotonation of acetylene. Some acetylides (chemical compounds contain acetylide ions) are explosive. Many acetylides are used in organic chemistry. Some are known as carbides. Copper(I) acetylide is an example.

Bridgestone

The very first Bridgestone tire was produced on April 9, 1930, by the Japanese "Tabi" Socks Tyre Division. On March 1, 1931, the founder, Shojiro Ishibashi, made the "Tabi" Socks tire Division independent and established the Bridgestone Tire Co., Ltd. in the city of Kurume, Fukuoka Prefecture. "Bridgestone" was named after the name of the founder, Shojiro Ishibashi ("Ishi" = Stone, "Bashi" = Bridge).

The Bridgestone tire Co., Ltd. decided to build tires based solely on Japanese technology. The company had many problems in the early days. Improvements were made in quality and the building processes. The business expanded rapidly on both the domestic and overseas markets.

Wartime regulations sent nearly all of the company's output to the military. After the war, the company was devastated. The Tokyo Headquarters building was destroyed by aerial bombing. All of their overseas assets were lost. The factories in Kurume and Yokohama were not damaged. Production was restarted after the war ended.

After World War II, Bridgestone started manufacturing motorcycles. But its main income was from supplying tires to its rival motorcycle makers such as Honda, Suzuki and Yamaha. Bridgestone later decided to stop building motorcycles.

