In 1951, Bridgestone was the first company in Japan to begin selling rayon cord tires. The sale of nylon tires was started in 1959. 1967 saw the sale of first ever radial tire. Bridgestone's first overseas plant since the end of the war was opened in Singapore in 1965. Bridgestone America was started in the United States in 1967 to represent Bridgestone. The "Super Filler Radial" went on the market in 1978. In 1979 the company introduced the high-performance "POTENZA" radial tire.

The company name changed to Bridgestone Corporation in 1984.

In 1988, Bridgestone purchased the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company. Bridgestone invested a lot of money into Firestone. They worked on rebuilding the Firestone company. By 1992, they were making a profit with "Bridgestone Firestone Europe". By 1993, they were making a profit with "Bridgestone Firestone USA".

The Firestone Tire and Rubber Company and Bridgestone Tire Company Ltd USA were merged in 1990 and became Bridgestone Firestone North American Holdings Ltd. To increase the brand awareness, they re-entered the Firestone brand into IndyCar racing in 1995. In 1997, "Bridgestone Corporation Japan" entered the Bridgestone brand into Formula One racing.

Bridgestone has supplied tires in Formula One since . They supplied tires on a one race only basis for the and Japanese Grands Prix. These tires were for Japanese teams such as Heros Racing and Kojima.
Bridgestone decided to supply tires for Formula One in 1995. They wanted to improve company's name value in the European market. Their main competitor was Michelin.

Their first title was acquired in by Mika Häkkinen and McLaren-Mercedes. Bridgestone users took five Drivers' championship titles and five Constructors' championship titles during the years that had more than one tire available. For (–), they competed with Goodyear. For (–), they competed with Michelin.

Michelin chose to end its Formula One tire program after the season. All teams have used Bridgestone tires from the season to the season. On November 2, 2009 Bridgestone announced that they will end their contract to supply tires to Formula One teams after 2010. The company said it was "addressing the impact of the continuing evolution of the business environment" 

Bridgestone makes many other products than tires. The list includes: automotive components, industrial products, polyurethane foam products, construction materials, parts and materials for electronic equipment, bicycles and sporting goods.

On December 5, 2006, Bridgestone America and Bandag Inc. announced a merger. Bandag was a leading company in the tire re-treading business. Tire re-treading is the process of putting a new tread on a used tire. This will extend the life of the tire and save money. This process is mostly done on large truck tires. The name of new company has become "Bridgestone Bandag, LLC".

The Bridgestone Cycle Co Ltd started in 1949. It offers bicycles under its own brand and under the "Anchor brand".

"Bridgestone Aircraft tire (USA)" builds aircraft tires and provides re-tread services.

"Precept Golf" is a division of Bridgestone. They sell the Bridgestone Golfing Products. Bridgestone has been producing golf-related products since 1935. The Golf division of Bridgestone currently produces both clubs, balls and accessories.




Indian

Indian or Indians can refer to:

Abstraction

An Abstraction keeps only the most important information about something in order to make it easier to reuse.

Abstraction is about the ways by which higher, less "real" concepts are derived from the usage and classification of literal ("real" or "concrete") information.

Abstractions may be formed by reducing the information content of a concept or a phenomenon as viewed, often to keep only the information which is needed for a particular purpose. For example, abstracting a leather soccer ball to the more general idea of a ball will keep only the information about balls in general leaving out anything special about that particular sort of ball. The opposite of the adjective ""abstract"" is commonly the word ""concrete"".

The first symbols of abstract thinking in humans can be traced to fossil objects dating between 50,000 and 100,000 years ago in Africa.

In philosophical terminology, "abstraction" is the thought process where ideas are distanced from objects.

Abstraction uses a strategy of simplification. Concrete details are left ambiguous, vague, or undefined. Communication about things in the abstract requires an intuitive or common experience between the communicator and the communication recipient.
Many different things can be the color red. Likewise, many things sit on surfaces (as in "picture 1", to the right). The property of "redness" and the relation "sitting-on" are abstractions of those objects. Specifically, the conceptual diagram "graph 1" identifies only three boxes, two ellipses, and four arrows (and their six labels), whereas the "picture 1" shows much more pictorial detail, with the scores of implied relationships implicit in the picture rather than with the nine explicit details in the graph.

"Graph 1" details some explicit relationships between the objects of the diagram. For example, the arrow between the "agent" and "CAT:Elsie" depicts an example of an "is-a" relationship, as does the arrow between the "location" and the "MAT". The arrows between the gerund "SITTING" and the nouns "agent" and "location" express the diagram's basic relationship; ""agent is SITTING on location""; "Elsie" is an instance of "CAT".
Although the description "sitting-on" (graph 1) is more abstract than the graphic image of a cat sitting on a mat (picture 1), the delineation of abstract things from concrete things is somewhat ambiguous; this ambiguity or vagueness is characteristic of abstraction. Thus something as simple as a newspaper might be specified to six levels, as in Douglas Hofstadter's illustration of that ambiguity, with a progression from abstract to concrete in "Gödel, Escher, Bach" (1979):

An abstraction can thus encapsulate each of these levels of detail with no loss of generality. But perhaps a detective or philosopher/scientist/engineer might seek to learn about some thing, at progressively deeper levels of detail, to solve a crime or a puzzle.

Abstractions sometimes have ambiguous referents; for example, "happiness" (when used as an abstraction) can refer to as many things as there are people and events or states of being which make them happy. Likewise, "architecture" refers not only to the design of safe, functional buildings, but also to elements of creation and innovation which aim at elegant solutions to construction problems, to the use of space, and to the attempt to evoke an emotional response in the builders, owners, viewers and users of the building.

Things that do not exist at any particular place and time are often considered abstract. By contrast, instances, or members, of such an abstract thing might exist in many different places and times. Those abstract things are then said to be "multiply instantiated", in the sense of "picture 1", "picture 2", etc., shown above.

It is not sufficient, however, to define "abstract" ideas as those that can be instantiated and to define "abstraction" as the movement in the opposite direction to instantiation. Doing so would make the concepts "cat" and "telephone" abstract ideas since despite their varying appearances, a particular cat or a particular telephone is an instance of the concept "cat" or the concept "telephone". Although the concepts "cat" and "telephone" are "abstractions", they are not "abstract" in the sense of the objects in "graph 1" above.

We might look at other graphs, in a progression from "cat" to "mammal" to "animal", and see that "animal" is more abstract than "mammal"; but on the other hand "mammal" is a harder idea to express, certainly in relation to "marsupial" or "monotreme".

A physical object (a possible referent of a concept or word) is considered "concrete" (not abstract) if it is a "particular individual" that occupies a particular place and time.

Abstract things are sometimes defined as those things that do not exist in reality or exist only as sensory experiences, like the color red. That definition, however, suffers from the difficulty of deciding which things are real (i.e. which things exist in reality). For example, it is difficult to agree to whether concepts like "God", "the number three", and "goodness" are real, abstract, or both.

An approach to resolving such difficulty is to use "predicates" as a general term for whether things are variously real, abstract, concrete, or of a particular property (e.g. "good"). Questions about the properties of things are then propositions about predicates, which propositions remain to be evaluated by the investigator. In the "graph 1" above, the graphical relationships like the arrows joining boxes and ellipses might denote predicates. Different levels of abstraction might be denoted by a progression of arrows joining boxes or ellipses in multiple rows, where the arrows point from one row to another, in a series of other graphs, say graph 2, etc.

Abstraction in philosophy is the process (or, to some, the alleged process) in concept-formation of recognizing some set of common features in individuals, and on that basis forming a concept of that feature. The notion of abstraction is important to understanding some philosophical controversies surrounding empiricism and the problem of universals. It has also recently become popular in formal logic under predicate abstraction. Another philosophical tool for discussion of abstraction is thought space.

The way in which physical objects, like rocks and trees, have "being" differs from the way that properties of abstract concepts or relations have "being". For example, the way the concrete, particular, individuals pictured in "picture 1" exist differs from the way the concepts illustrated in "graph 1" exist. That difference accounts for the ontological usefulness of the word "abstract". The word applies to properties and relations to mark the fact that, if they exist, they do not exist in space or time, but that instances of them can exist in many different places and times.

Perhaps confusingly, some philosophies refer to "tropes" (instances of properties) as "abstract particulars". E.g., the particular redness of a particular apple is an "abstract particular". Akin to qualia and sumbebekos.

If an abstract concept, such as "society" or "technology" is treated as if it were a concrete object, that is a fallacy (an error). In linguistics, it may happen that abstract concepts are used as if they were nouns that signify concrete objects:

This is called "metonymy". It can blur the distinction between abstract and concrete things.

An abstraction can be seen as a process of mapping multiple different pieces of constituent data to a single piece of abstract data based on similarities in the constituent data, for example many different physical cats map to the abstraction "CAT". This conceptual scheme emphasizes the inherent equality of both constituent and abstract data, thus avoiding problems arising from the distinction between "abstract" and "concrete". In this sense the process of abstraction entails the identification of similarities between objects and the process of associating these objects with an abstraction (which is itself an object).
Chains of abstractions can therefore be constructed moving from neural impulses arising from sensory perception to basic abstractions such as color or shape to experiential abstractions such as a specific cat to semantic abstractions such as the "idea" of a CAT to classes of objects such as "mammals" and even categories such as "object" as opposed to "action".

This conceptual scheme entails no specific hierarchical taxonomy (such as the one mentioned involving cats and mammals), only a progressive exclusion of detail.

A recent meta-analysis suggests that the verbal system has greater engagement for abstract concepts when the perceptual system is more engaged for processing of concrete concepts. This is because abstract concepts cause greater brain activity in the inferior frontal gyrus and middle temporal gyrus, compared to concrete concepts when concrete concepts cause greater activity in the posterior cingulate, precuneus, fusiform gyrus, and parahippocampal gyrus.

Other research into the human brain suggests that the left and right hemispheres, of the brain, differ in their handling of abstraction. For example, one meta-analysis reviewing human brain lesions has shown a left hemisphere bias during tool usage.

Typically, "abstraction" is used in the arts as a synonym for abstract art in general. Strictly speaking, it refers to art unconcerned with the literal depiction of things from the visible world—it can, however, refer to an object or image which has been distilled from the real world, or indeed, another work of art. Artwork that reshapes the natural world for expressive purposes is called abstract; that which derives from, but does not imitate a recognizable subject is called nonobjective abstraction. In the 20th century the trend toward abstraction coincided with advances in science, technology, and changes in urban life, eventually reflecting an interest in psychoanalytic theory. Later still, abstraction was manifest in more purely formal terms, such as color, freed from objective context, and a reduction of form to basic geometric designs.

In music, the term "abstraction" can be used to describe improvisatory approaches to interpretation, and may sometimes indicate abandonment of tonality. Atonal music has no key signature, and is characterized by the exploration of internal numeric relationships.

Carl Jung's definition of abstraction broadened its scope beyond the thinking process to include exactly four mutually exclusive, opposing complementary psychological functions: sensation, intuition, feeling, and thinking. Together they form a structural totality of the differentiating abstraction process. Abstraction operates in one of these opposing functions when it excludes the simultaneous influence of the other functions and other irrelevancies, such as emotion. Abstraction requires selective use of this structural split of abilities in the psyche. The opposite of abstraction is concretism. "Abstraction" is one of Jung's 57 definitions in Chapter XI of "Psychological Types".

There is an abstract "thinking", just as there is abstract "feeling", "sensation" and "intuition". Abstract thinking singles out the rational, logical qualities ... Abstract feeling does the same with ... its feeling-values. ... I put abstract feelings on the same level as abstract thoughts. ... Abstract sensation would be aesthetic as opposed to sensuous "sensation" and abstract intuition would be symbolic as opposed to fantastic "intuition". (Jung, [1921] (1971):par. 678).
Computer scientists use abstraction to understand and solve problems, such as organizing data to be stored in a database.

Abstraction in mathematics is the process of extracting the underlying essence of a mathematical concept, removing any dependence on real-world objects with which it might originally have been connected, and generalizing it so that it has wider applications or matching among other abstract descriptions of equivalent phenomena.

The advantages of abstraction in mathematics are:

The main disadvantage of abstraction is that highly abstract concepts are more difficult to learn, and require a degree of mathematical maturity and experience before they can be assimilated.



Eye makeup

Eye makeup is a type of cosmetics which aims to make the eyes look noticeable and attractive. It is mostly used by females, and by stage performers of all types. Eye makeup is an important part of the fashion and cosmetic industries.

The idea can be taken much further. The colour of the eye can be altered by using contact lenses. Glitter and other "appliqués" can be stuck on near the eye. Fake eyelashes or eyelash extensions are possible.

Mascara is a cosmetic used to darken, colour, thicken, lengthen, or define eyelashes. Historically, it was (and still is) usually black, but now it also comes in many colours and tints. Mascara comes in three forms: liquid, cake, and cream. It is available in tubes with wand applicators. Ingredients in mascara include water, wax thickeners, film-formers, and preservatives.

Eye shadow is a cosmetic that is applied on the eyelids and under the eyebrows. The average distance between eyelashes and eyebrows is twice as big in women as in men. Pale eye shadow visually enlarges this area and has a feminising effect.

Eye shadow can be applied in a variety of ways depending upon the desired look. Typically application is done using sponges, fingers, and/or brushes. The most important aspect of applying eye shadow, and makeup in general, is blending well.

To remove eye shadow, a commercial eye makeup remover may be used, though a face wash will usually remove all traces of colour. Generally it is easy to remove, and simple water and soap can be used. Eye shadow, eyeliner, and mascara may also be removed using baby oil or olive oil. There are also makeup wipes that may be used.

Eye liner is a cosmetic used to define the eyes. It is applied around the contours of the eye, along and above the edges of the eyelids where the eyelashes grow. Often applied just on the outer half of the eye.

Creating a baseline is the first step in applying liner. It provides a level surface that makes it easier to apply the liner and gives you more control

Depending on its texture, eyeliner can be softly smudged or clearly defined. There are six main types available on the market:

Kohl is an ancient black eye pigment which survives to the present day in the Mediterranean, the Middle East and the Indian subcontinent. It was a dark-colored powder made of crushed galena (lead sulfide) and/or antimony, burnt almonds, lead, cupric oxide, ochre, ash, malachite, or any combination of them. It may be used as an eye liner, mascara or eyeshadow.

The upper and lower eyelids were painted in a line that extended to the sides of the face for an almond effect. In addition to reducing sun glare, it was believed that kohl eyeliner could restore good eyesight and reduce eye infection. Kohl was kept in a small, flat-bottomed pot with a wide, tiny rim and a flat, disk-shaped lid.

According to images of the time, the use of makeup was not limited to women. Highly polished silver and copper mirrors aided the application of makeup.

Indy Racing League

The Indy Racing League (IRL) is an American-based open-wheel auto racing sanctioning body. The League sanctions three racing series. The premier IZOD IndyCar Series (ICS), the two developmental series; Firestone Indy Lights and the U.S. F2000 National Championship. ICS is sometimes considered the same as the Indy Racing League. The Indy Racing League's centerpiece race is the Indianapolis 500.

The IRL is owned by Hulman and Co., which also owns the Indianapolis Motor Speedway complex and the Clabber Girl brand.

On September 10, 2010, the IRL announced that effective January 1, 2011, the Indy Racing League will simply be known as "IndyCar".

The "IndyCar Series" is the series name for the premier series sanctioned by the IRL. The name started being used in 2003. Izod was announced as the IndyCar Series title sponsor in 2010. The deal is expected to run for at least five years.

At first IndyCar only raced on oval tracks. In 2005, the series started adding road and street course events.

"Firestone Indy Lights" is the development series for the Izod Indycar series. It started in 2002, as the "IRL Infiniti Pro Series". "USF2000" is a series the IRL started sanctioning in 2010. It started in 1991 and ended in 2006. It then restarted in 2010.

"Indy car" is sometimes used as a name for any open-wheel auto racing in the United States. The Indy car name derived as a result of the link to the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race (often called to as the "Indy 500").

Beginning in 1980, the term Indy car was used for the race cars in CART races. CART had become the main governing body for open-wheel racing in the United States. The Indianapolis 500 was not controlled by CART. It remained sanctioned by USAC. CART recognized the Indy 500 on its schedule, and awarded points for finishers in the race from 1980 to 1995 despite not sanctioning it. The two entities operated separately, but used the same equipment.

In 1992, the Indianapolis Motor Speedway tradmarked the "IndyCar". They licensed CART to use the name. CART renamed its championship the "IndyCar World Series". The name "CART" was no longer used. The series did not want fans to think they were go-karts.

The IRL was founded in 1994 by Tony George and began racing in 1996. George designed the IRL as a lower-cost open-wheel alternative to CART. CART was dominated by a few rich multi-car teams, much like Formula One. The split between IRL and CART was very unfriendly. Both series greatly suffered because of it.

In February 2008, Indy Racing League founder and CEO Tony George and owners of the Champ Car World Series completed an agreement to join the sport for 2008. The Champ Car World Series was suspended except for the Long Beach Grand Prix. Many of the former Champ Car teams moved to the IndyCar Series using equipment provided by the League.

Driver safety has also been a major concern. A number of drivers injured, mostly in the early years of the series. Several of those injuries were serious or fatal. Unlike road racing, the higher speed and lack of runoff areas on oval tracks, allowed for less margin for error. Car design was a leading cause of early injuries.The series made improvements to chassis design to address those safety concerns.

The IRL was also the first race series to adopt the new SAFER barrier soft wall safety system. First at the Indianapolis 500 and now installed at almost all major oval racing circuits.



Open wheel car

Open-wheel car describes cars with the wheels outside the car's main body and, in most cases, one seat. Other names include formula car, single-seater car in British English, or Indy car in the United States. Open-wheel cars are different from street cars, sports cars, stock cars, and touring cars. These car have their wheels below or inside the body or fenders. Open-wheel cars are usually built just for racing. Often, they have a higher amount of technological sophistication than in other forms of motor racing.

A typical open-wheeler has a small cockpit. It is only large enough for the driver's body. The head is exposed to the air. In modern cars the engine is often located directly behind the driver, and drives the rear wheels. Depending on the rules of the class, many types of open-wheelers have spoilers or wings. They are very low and have an almost flat bottom. These help add aerodynamic downforce. This pushes the car on to the road and makes it handle better.

Some races, such as the Monaco Grand Prix are held on temporary street circuits. Most open-wheel races are on dedicated road courses, such as the Nürburgring in Germany. In the United States some top-level open wheel events are held on ovals, both short track and superspeedways. The most famous the annual Indianapolis 500 (Indy 500) 

Driving an open-wheel car is very different from driving a car with fenders. Open-wheel vehicles, are light weight, have good aerodynamics, and powerful engines. Wheel-to-wheel contact is dangerous. If the forward edge of one tire contacts the rear of another tire, the vehicle my be flipped into the air and upside down. 

Speech and language therapist

A speech and language therapist is a healthcare professional who specialises in communication and swallowing difficulties. The main part of their work involves assessing people and planning therapy. They work with people of all ages across different settings such as nurseries, schools, day centres, care homes, clinics and hospitals.

These can include difficulties with fluency, stuttering, making sounds and words, making sentences, understanding what others say, and using language socially. These difficulties fall into two main areas:

There are two types of language difficulties:
People with receptive language difficulties have problems understanding spoken and written language. Because of this they usually also have expressive language difficulties although this is not always the case.
People with expressive language difficulties are able to understand but cannot say the words and sentences they want to. This may be because of word finding difficulties or problems making sentences.

In children language difficulties are divided up into 

Where language difficulties occur with no other difficulties the child may be diagnosed with Specific Language Impairment.

In adults acquired receptive and expressive language impairments are known as aphasia. There are many different types of aphasia depending on which areas of the brain are damaged and what symptoms they show.

Speech therapists can help people with swallowing difficulties (dysphagia). They help patients through changing their diets to different textures and consistencies, or they may recommend non-oral feeding. 

Semi-automatic shotgun

A semi-automatic shotgun is a kind of gun. It fires one shotgun shell every time the trigger is pulled. Most shotguns, such as pump-action shotguns, lever action shotguns, and break barrel shotguns, use no energy from the last fired shell to load the next one. A person using a semi-automatic shotgun has to load the first shell themselves. The rest of the shells are loaded by the gun using part of the energy used to fire each shell. 

Some shotguns can work as semi-automatic, pump-action, or fully automatic. The SPAS-12, for example, can fire in semi-automatic mode or it can use a pump action. Pump action allows less deadly projectiles such as bean bags or gas canisters to be used. Some shotguns, such as the AA-12, can be fully automatic or it can be switched to semi-automatic mode.

Semi-automatic shotguns are commonly used by special forces, military, and for other uses where shells need to be fired quickly, without reloading.

Macintosh Classic

The Macintosh Classic is a computer made by Apple Inc. in late October 1990 and sales ended September 1992. It has a Motorola 68000 at 8MHz (how fast the CPU is).

IndyCar Series

The IndyCar Series, known as the NTT IndyCar Series is the premier level of American open wheel racing. The current series was founded by Indianapolis Motor Speedway owner Tony George. It began in 1996 as a competitor to CART known as the Indy Racing League (IRL). In 2008, the IndyCar Series merged with the Champ Car World Series (formerly CART). The series continues to be sanctioned by the Indy Racing League, which has taken the name IndyCar. In 2019, the series was purchased by Roger Penske.

The IRL was unable to utilize the name "IndyCar" until the beginning of the 2003 for legal reasons. For 1996-1997, the series was simply called the "USAC Indy Racing League". For 1998-1999, the series received its first title sponsor, and was known as the "Pep Boys Indy Racing League". In 2000, the series sponsor became the Internet search engine Northern Light. The series was named the "Indy Racing Northern Light Series". This only lasted two of the planed five year contract.

The league went back to the "Indy Racing League" name for the 2002 season. The IndyCar Series name was adopted in 2003. For the 2008 season, DirecTV served as a presenting sponsor, and the series was briefly advertised as the "IndyCar Series in DIRECTV HD".

IZOD was announced as the series title sponsor beginning on November 5, 2009. The contrace runs for at least 5 years. In 2014, Verizon replaced IZOD as the series sponsor.

The IndyCar Series is not an open formula, where teams build their own cars. Chassis and engine manufacturers provided products only to the league in three-year cycles. Currently, Dallara provides the chassis to all teams and Honda is the sole engine supplier. The series basically a one-make or "spec" series.

In the series' first season in 1996 used older CART chassis. Any chassis built by Lola and Reynard from 1992 to 1995 could be used. The current Indycar started in 1997. Tony George defined rules for less expensive cars and production-based engines. This outlawed the CART chassis and turbocharged engines. These had been the type of race car used at the Indianapolis 500 since the late 1960s. 

Dallara began producing Indycars for the 1997 season. The G Force chassis was introduced in 1997. It won the 1997 and 2000 Indy 500 races. In 2002, Élan Motorsport Technologies bought G Force. The chassis was re-named "Panoz G Force", and then shortened to "Panoz" in 2005.
Riley & Scott produced IndyCar chassis from 1997-2000.

From the outside, IndyCars resemble those of other open-wheeled formula racing cars. They have front and rear wings and large air intakes.

At its inception, the IRL used methanol racing fuel. Methanol has been the standard choice in American open wheel racing since a fiery crash at the 1964 Indianapolis 500. Methanol provided a safer alternative to gasoline. It does not start burning as quickly as gasoline. A methanol fire can be put out with water. A methanol fire cannot be seen in daylight, which is a problem. Material was added to the fuel so it would burn with a color.

For the 2006 season, the fuel was a 90%/10% mixture of methanol and ethanol. Starting in 2007, the league advertised using 100% Fuel Grade Ethanol. The mixture was actually 98% ethanol and 2% gasoline. The additives satisfied the U.S. government's requirement that the alcohol be unfit for human consumption. It also adds a visible color in case of a fire.

For the 1996 season, the old CART specification engines were used. They were also used for the first two races of the 1996-97 season. They were V8 engines with 45 inches of turbocharger boost. The Menard-Buick V6 engine was used in 1996 with 55 inches of boost was also used.

Ford-Cosworth provided support to teams running their older-spec engines. The Ilmor Mercedes V8 engine, was allowed. It was only used once at the 1996 Indy 500.
Starting in 1997, IRL cars were powered by 4.0 L V8, methanol burning engines. They were production-based and normally-aspirated engines. They were produced by Oldsmobile under the Aurora label, and Nissan under the Infiniti label. They produced around 700 horsepower. The engine rules changed in 2000. The displacement was dropped from 4.0L to 3.5L. The block no longer needed to be production-based. In 2004, the displacement was further reduced to 3.0L to curb top speeds.

When General Motors' ended the Oldsmobile name, the engine label was changed to Chevrolet starting with the 2002 season. In August 2003, Chevrolet announced its "Gen IV" motor, a rebadged Cosworth motor for competition. At the time, Cosworth was owned by Ford. On November 4, 2004, Chevrolet stated that it would be ending its IRL engine program at the end of the 2005 season.

In 2003, Toyota came to the IRL. In November 2005, Toyota company officials announced the company's withdrawal from American open-wheel racing and the immediate discontinuation of its IRL program. This was the same time they entered into NASCAR's Craftsman Truck Series.

Honda also came to the IRL in 2003. By 2005 was clearly the dominant engine manufacturer. Starting in 2006, they became the only engine manufacturer in the IndyCar Series, and will continue in that capacity until 2010. The Honda engine is designed and produced by Ilmor Engineering, which is part owned by Roger Penske.

IndyCar Series engines are rev-limited to 10,300 Revolutions per minute (rpm) and produce approximately 650 hp. The valve train is a dual overhead camshaft configuration with four valves per cylinder. The crankshaft is made of alloy steel, with five main bearing caps. The pistons are forged aluminum alloy, while the connecting rods are machined alloy steel. The electronic engine management system is supplied by Motorola, firing a Capacitor discharge ignition (CDI) ignition system. The engine lubrication is a dry sump type, cooled by a single water pump.

Following the merger of CART/Champ Car into the Indy Racing League in 2008, the IRL acquired all intellectual property and historic records.

1996: Scott Sharp and Buzz Calkins were tied in the final standings, and were declared co-champions. Calkins had one win, as opposed to Sharp being winless, but no tiebreakers were in place.
2006: Sam Hornish, Jr. and Dan Wheldon tied in the final standings for first place. Hornish clinched the championship based on a tiebreaker of most victories during the season.
2008: Although no report was officially released about it in 2008, IndyCar.com confirmed in 2009 that Danica Patrick being named Most Popular Driver was her "fifth consecutive" win of the award.



Clint Bowyer

Clint Bowyer (born May 30, 1979) is a retired American racing driver. He won the 2008 NASCAR Nationwide Series championship.

Clint Bowyer started racing when he was five years old. When he was five, his main interest was motocross racing. In 2000, Bowyer won the Modified Championship at Thunderhill Speedway in Mayetta, Kansas. Bowyer also won the 2001 Modified championship at Lakeside Speedway in Kansas City, Kansas. Bowyer won the 2002 NASCAR Weekly Racing Series Midwest Championship. 

In 2003, Bowyer raced a full season in the NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division Midwest Series. Bowyer was seen by Richard Childress after leading 47 laps and finishing second in a race at Nashville Superspeedway. Bowyer started racing in the NASCAR Sprint cup Series in 2006. He raced for Richard Childress Racing from 2006 until 2012, earning the team's 100th Sprint Cup Series win at Talladega Superspeedway in late 2011.

At the end of 2011 Bowyer left Richard Childress Racing and joined Michael Waltrip Racing. He drove for Waltrip from the 2012 season to the 2015 season. Bowyer then drove for HScott Motorsports in 2016 and joined Stewart-Haas Racing in 2017. During the 2020 NASCAR season, Bowyer said he would retire from racing. In 2021, Bowyer will be working for FOX Sports to help broadcast NASCAR races. 


Space opera

But, other people have a feeling of nostalgia for space opera. They think these stories from the golden age of science fiction have a special feeling of wonder and excitement. Edward E. (Doc) Smith may be the first important writer of this type of SF. He wrote two series called "Skylark" and "Lensman". These are important early examples of space opera novels. Flash Gordon is an early example of this genre from radio, TV, and film.

Modern examples include: Alastair Reynolds' "Revelation Space" series, Peter F. Hamilton's "The Dreaming Void", "The Night's Dawn", and "Pandora's Star" series. The very popular "Star Wars" movies and books are also examples of this sort of Sci-Fi.

Inland taipan

The inland taipan ("Oxyuranus microlepidotus"), also called the fierce snake or western taipan, is a snake in Australia. It is the most venomous snake on Earth. It belongs to the Elapidae family. Although it is venomous, the snake is rather shy, and prefers to escape from trouble.

A bite from the inland taipan is fatal to most creatures. One bite from the snake contains enough venom to kill about 100 people at once, and it can kill someone in just 30 to 45 minutes.


Cosmological argument

The cosmological argument is an attempt to prove the existence of God by the fact that things exist. It assumes that things must have a cause, and that the chain of causes can only end by a supernatural event. Other names for the argument are argument from universal causation, argument from first cause, causal argument and argument from existence. 

The universe exists, so there must be something that caused the universe. The first cause is claimed to be God. Thomas Aquinas said that God is the only thing that was not caused by something else, and that God created the cause of existence. The idea has been popular with many theologians and philosophers.


Charles Worth

Charles Frederick Worth (Bourne, Lincolnshire, 13 October 1825 – Paris, 10 March 1895), widely considered the Father of Haute Couture, was an English fashion designer of the 19th century, whose works were produced in Paris. The Parisien "Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture" was his conception. It has the legal authority to decide who may use the term "haute couture".

Worth made his mark in the French fashion industry. He worked at several prosperous London drapery shops before moving to Paris in 1846. He was hired by Gagelin and Opigez, well-known Parisian drapers. While working in their shop, he married one of the firm's models, Marie Vernet. Worth made a few simple dresses for his wife and customers started to ask for copies of the dresses as well.

Worth, by now a junior partner in the firm, urged his partners to expand into dressmaking, but they hesitated. Worth found a rich Swede, Otto Bobergh, who was willing to bankroll the venture and opened the dressmaking establishment of Worth and Bobergh in 1858. Worth was soon patronized by the French Empress Eugénie, and after that by many titled, rich, and otherwise notable women. He also dressed actresses such as Sarah Bernhardt and singers such as Nellie Melba. Many of his customers travelled to Paris from other countries, coming from as far away as New York and Boston.

He removed excessive ruffles and frills and used rich fabrics in simple, but flattering, outlines. He is credited as the first designer to put labels onto the clothing he manufactured.
Worth gave his customers luxurious materials and exact fit. Rather than let the customer dictate the design, as had previously been dressmaking practice, four times a year he displayed model dresses at fashion shows. This was the start of the fashion show as we know it.

His patronesses would pick a model, which would then be sewn in fabrics of their choice and tailored to their figure. Worth was sufficiently fashionable that he had to turn away customers. This only added to his fame. He completely revolutionized the business of dressmaking. He was the first of the couturiers, dressmakers considered artists rather than mere artisans.

Worth and Bobergh shut down during the Franco-Prussian War and re-opened in 1871, without Bobergh, as the House of Worth. Worth took his sons, Gaston and Jean-Philippe, into his business and the couture house continued to flourish after his death in 1895.

The great fashion dynasty finally came to an end in 1952 when Charles Frederick Worth's great-grandson, Jean-Charles (1881–1962), retired from the family business. In 1954, the House merged with Paquin. Then in 1956 it was closed.

Worth was one of the first couture houses to give its name to a luxury perfume. In 1924 Les Parfums Worth launched the first fragrance, "Dans La Nuit" and Rene Lalique, the world renowned glass-maker, designed the bottle. Between the wars, the House produced five perfumes: "Dans La Nuit" (1924), "Vers le Jours" (1925), "Sans Adieu" (1929), "Je Reviens" (1932), and "Vers Toi" (1934).

"Je Reviens" remains the most famous of Worth's perfumes. The perfume became a favoured gift from soldiers to their sweethearts during WWII. The top London store Harrods offers the perfume in its classic blue ridged bottle, which dates back to the perfume’s original launch.

The House of Worth has re-emerged. Dilesh Mehta (perfumes) and Martin McCarthy (fashion) recently combined their intellectual properties for Worth perfume and apparel. This meant, for the first time since the 1920s, the House is reunited and restored.

The House of Worth resumed in January 2010 with a revival couture collection by Giovanni Bedin. The spring/summer collection was unveiled in Paris at "Les Salons France-Amêriques" and the winter collection in Milan. Bedin's exquisite corsets and tutus with clouds of tulle and antique lace echo Worth's ideas. Customers include Scarlett Johansson, Kylie Minogue and Charlize Theron.

The spectacle of couture is just one aspect of the restored House of Worth. Complementing this is a presentation of "Le Prêt-a-Porter" (ready-to-wear). Worth’s "Je Reviens" perfume will be relaunched, followed in 2011 by the House of Worth’s lingerie and accessories, such as couture jewelry and made-to-measure gloves.

Stagecoach

A stagecoach is a type of horse drawn coach for passengers and goods. They were one of the first forms of organized public transport and originated in the 1600s in Great Britain. Before railways were invented in the first part of the nineteenth century they were the fastest way to travel long distances. Stage coaches were operated across Europe and North America. 

The coach would travel between stops called "stages" at which passengers could obtain food and drink and the horses that pulled the coach would be changed for fresh ones. Regularly changing horses meant the coach could travel much faster than other vehicles. They were mostly of light weight construction which also allowed them to go faster. Their speed meant they were used to carry mail and often called a mail coach.

The name is sometimes shortened to simply a "stage".

Firestone Tire and Rubber Company

The Firestone Tire and Rubber Company is a tire company founded by Harvey Firestone in 1900. They supplied air filled tires for wagons, buggies, and other forms of wheeled vehicles common at the time. Firestone soon saw the possibility for increasing sales by making tires for automobiles. The company was a early leader in the mass production of tires. Firestone become the original equipment supplier of Ford Motor Company automobiles. They also sold a lot of replacement tires.

In 1988, the company was sold to the Japanese Bridgestone Corporation. It is now known as Bridgestone Firestone.

Firestone was originally based in Akron, Ohio. That was also the home of its rival, Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company. The company initiated operations in 1900 with 12 employees. Together, Firestone and Goodyear were the largest suppliers of automotive tires in North America for over three-quarters of a century. In 1906 Firestone was chosen by Henry Ford for the Model T.

At one point, the company had a rubber plantation in Liberia that covered more than 4,000 square kilometers (1 million acres).

During World War II the company make artillery shells, aluminum kegs for food transport and other rubberized military products. In the 1940s, Firestone was given a defense contract to produce plastic helmet liners. 
In 1951, Firestone was given the defense contract for the MGM-5 Corporal missile. In 1961, Firestone acquired the Dayton Tire division from the Dayco Corporation.

In late 1979, Firestone brought in John Nevin as president. He was the former head of Zenith Electronics. Firestone was more than a billion dollars in debt at the time, and losing 250 million dollars a year. Nevin closed nine of the company's seventeen manufacturing plants. He moved the company from Akron to Chicago. He split the non-tire related businesses from the main company. In 1988 Nevin negotiated the sale of the company to the Japanese company Bridgestone. Bridgestone Corporation Japan was able to buy the company for much less than it had been worth a decade and a half earlier. The combined Bridgestone Firestone North American operations are now based in Nashville, Tennessee.

Firestone has been a major tire supplier for Formula One teams. From to they supplied tires to a number of teams, including Ferrari, Team Lotus, and Honda. They had 121 cars start the race on their tires, winning 49 of those races. They were on the winning car of every Indianapolis 500 race from 1950 to 1960. These years, the Indy 500 was part of the Formula One world championship series. Their last win came in the 1972 Italian Grand Prix. Firestone has four Drivers World Championships and three Constructors World Championships with teams using their tires.

In 1950, Firestone along with General Motors and Standard Oil were charged and convicted of criminal conspiracy for their part in the "Great American streetcar scandal". The scandal included buying streetcar systems all across the United States. They would shut them down, and replacing them with buses.

Radial tires were introduced to the US market by rivals Goodrich and Michelin in the late 1960s. Firestone lacked a radial. The first radial tire design and built by Firestone was the Firestone 500 Radial. Manufacturing of the new tire was done on equipment designed to build bias-ply tires. 

During the 1970s, Firestone had major problems with the Firestone 500 radial. At high speeds, the steel-belted radials started showing signs that the tread was coming apart from the tire. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) investigation found that the tread separation problem was most likely a design defect affecting all Firestone 500's. 

In 1977 Firestone recalled of 400,000 tires produced at the Decatur plant. Firestone blamed the problems on the consumer. They said the problems were caused by under inflation and poor maintenance. On October 20, 1978, Firestone recalled over 7 million Firestone 500 tires. Congressional hearings took place in 1978. The tire was found to be defective and the cause of 34 deaths. In May 1980 NHTSA fined Firestone $500,000 USD. At that time was the largest fine imposed on any U.S. corporation. Several lawsuits were settled out of court. The bad publicity hurt the company's sales and share price badly.

In 1926, Firestone opened one of the world's biggest rubber plantations in Liberia, West Africa. The International Labor Rights Fund said about Firestone, Firestone's management denied these claims. They said the corporation provided employment, pensions, and health care to thousands of Liberians. The company also provides education and training opportunities to employees and their children.

In May 2006, the United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL) released a report on the state of human rights on Liberia's rubber plantations. According to the report, Firestone did not monitor child labor very well. UNMIL found that several problems. They included pressure to meet company quotas, incentive to support the family financially, and lack of access to basic education. The report also said that the workers' housing provided by Firestone has not been renovated. They had been built in the 1920s and 1930s.

Dan Adomitis, President of Firestone Natural Rubber Company, talked to CNN about the production quotas and child labor. He said that a worker will tap about 650 trees a day, and spend a couple of minutes at each tree. CNN pointed out the 650 trees, at two minutes per tree, is 1,300 minutes. That is more than 21 hours of work a day.

In response to the claims, Dan Adomitis said:

In 1996, several state agencies in Arizona began having big problems with Firestone tires on Ford Explorers. Firestone conducted an investigation of the complaints, tested the tires and asserted that the tires had been abused or under-inflated.

According to Joan Claybrook of the group Public Citizen, Ford also played a large part. They said Ford told Firestone to add a nylon ply to the tires it manufactured in Venezuela for additional strength. Ford changed the suspension to Explorers available in Venezuela. Ford did not ask for the nylon ply for U.S.-made Firestone tires. And they did it change the Explorer suspension on US models.

There was a very high failure rate in Firestone's "Wilderness AT", "Firestone ATX", and "ATX II" tires. Several lawsuits were filed. There was a mandatory recall of the tires. In 2001 Bridgestone Firestone stopped working with Ford because they did not trust Ford. They said Ford had not listened to warnings by Bridgestone Firestone about the design of the Ford Explorer. In 2006, Firestone announced a new effort to recall the same tires recalled in 2000. More of the tires had been linked to recent deaths and injuries. Firestone estimates 97% of the tires were replaced in the 2000 recall. They are still concerned over spare tires that owners did not think to replace.

"Where the Rubber Meets the Road" is an advertisement jingle (short song) that was frequently used in the 1960s and 1970s, especially on televised sporting events.



Conservatives in the United States

Conservatives in the United States support American traditions, Christianity, republicanism, businesses, anti-communism, American exceptionalism (the US is unique and special). They think America's enemies are socialism and authoritarianism.

Below is a list of people considered "conservative". 

Only a few politicians in the 19th century called themselves "conservative" but later scholars sometimes say the Federalist Party was conservative.










High heels

High heels are shoes where the heels are much higher than the toes. They are a fashion item, usually for women. Cowboy boots and 'Cuban heels' are shoes worn by men with high heels.

Mid-height heels are from 2½ to 3½ inches (6.2 to 8.5 cm). They are an intermediate between standard heels and "stiletto heels", which are from 4 to 10 inches. The extreme heels are made of steel, and very narrow at the base: 0.4 inches or less. These have been widely criticised for the health risks regular wear would bring. They have also been criticised by feminists. If the soles of the shoes are also raised, then they are a quite different kind of shoe: the "platform shoe".

Wedgies or, more properly, shoes with wedge heels, are a compromise type. They raise the heels, and are much more stable than standard high heels. 
Wedges for women were popularized by who introduced the design to the Italian market in the late 1930s.

Reasons for wearing high-heels, which are almost exclusively aesthetic, include:

Reasons against wearing high-heels, which are almost exclusively health and practicality reasons, include:

There are so many types of shoe, and so many differences between people that no type will suit everyone. It is obvious that the higher the heel, the riskier the shoe. The more sensible versions are quite safe; the extreme versions seen on fashion show catwalks are not for everyday wear. A lot depends on their use. Nurses tend to wear flat shoes; office staff may prefer high heels. Despite the critics, high heels have been around for a long time, and are probably going to stay.


Garage Days Re-Revisited

Garage Days Re-Revisited is an album produced by Metallica. The album was recorded at A&M Conway, in Los Angeles, California. The album was released on August 21, 1987.


Leontyne Price

Leontyne Price (born February 10, 1927) is an American soprano. She is particularly associated with Verdi roles, notably in the operas "Il trovatore" and "Aida". She was one of the first black singers to enjoy an international career in opera.

Price was born in Laurel, Mississippi. She studied at Central State College, Wilberforce, Ohio, and with Florence Kimball at the Juilliard School of Music in New York City. She began her professional career in 1952, when she appeared as Bess in George Gershwin's "Porgy and Bess" on Broadway, followed by an international tour. She made her recital debut in New York City in 1954, and appeared in a television production of "Tosca" for NBC in 1955. 

Her actual operatic debut took place in San Francisco in 1957, as Mme Lidoine in Poulenc's "Le dialogue des carmélites", followed by her first "Aida". The role of Aida would quickly become her signature role and the vehicle for her debuts in 1958 at the Vienna State Opera, the Royal Opera House in London and at La Scala in Milan both in 1960. She also appeared at the Salzburg Festival as Donna Elvira in "Don Giovanni" and Leonora in "Il trovatore".

She made her debut at the Lyric Chicago Opera in 1959, and at the Metropolitan Opera in 1961, as Leonora in "Il trovatore". She was to sing at the Met for twenty-four consecutive seasons. Amongst her greatest roles are the female lead in operas such as Verdi's "Ernani", "Un ballo in maschera", "La forza del destino", Mozart's "Don Giovanni" and "Cosi fan tutte", Puccini's "Manon Lescaut", "Madame Butterfly", "La fanciulla del West", Richard Strauss's "Ariadne auf Naxos", etc.

She created the role of Cleopatra in Samuel Barber's "Anthony and Cleopatra" for the opening of the new Metropolitan Opera at Lincoln Center in 1966.

Leontyne Price was one of the outstanding lyric-dramatic sopranos of her generation, she had a rich, warm and luscious voice enhanced by a fine stage presence. She retired from the stage in 1985.


Il trovatore

Il trovatore ("The Troubadour") is an Italian opera in four acts. The music was written by Giuseppe Verdi. The story and words were written by Salvatore Cammarano. It is based on a play by Antonio Garcia Gutiérrez called "El trovador". The opera was first performed in Rome on January 19, 1853. It was an instant hit.



Gangrene

Gangrene is a serious medical condition that causes the decay and death of body tissue, usually in the extremities such as the fingers, hands, toes, and feet. The two main types of gangrene are dry gangrene and wet gangrene. A third less common type is a form of wet gangrene known as gas gangrene. A very rare type which affects the internal organs is known as internal gangrene. 

Dry gangrene is usually caused by a loss of blood supply to the affected area, such as may happen following an injury which damages the blood vessels to the affected area. Wet gangrene usually occurs when a wound becomes infected with various types of bacteria. Gas gangrene is usually caused by "clostridium" bacteria and mainly affects the muscles. Internal gangrene affects the internal organs, usually the intestines, gallbladder, or appendix.

There are a number of risk factors which increase a person's chances of getting gangrene. These includes advanced blockage of the arteries in medical conditions such as diabetes.

Dirk Hartog

Dirk Hartog (30 October 1580, Amsterdam–buried 11 October 1621, Amsterdam) was a Dutch sailor and explorer. Dirk Hartog's trip was the second European group to land on Australia.

In 1985, he was put on a postage stamp by the Australia Post, which showed one of his ships.


Hair follicle

A hair follicle is a part of the skin, which grows a hair by packing old cells together. Attached inside the top of the follicle are sebaceous glands, which are tiny sebum-producing glands in almost all skin except on the palms, lips and soles of the feet. The thicker the hair, the more the number of sebaceous glands there are.

Also attached to the follicle is a tiny bundle of muscle fiber, called the "arrector pili", which is responsible for causing the follicle lissis to become more upright the surface of the skin. The muscle area can also cause the follicle to stick up slightly above the nearby skin (piloerection) with a pore incased with skin oil. This process results in goose bumps (or goose flesh). Stem cells are at the junction of the arrector and the follicle, and are principally responsible for the ongoing hair production during a process known as the Anagen stage.

The average growth rate of healthy hair follicles on the scalp is nearly per month.

At the base of the follicle is a structure that is called the papilla. The papilla is made up mainly of connective tissue and a capillary loop. Cell division in the papilla is either rare or non-existent.

Around the papilla is the hair matrix, a collection of epithelial cells often mixed with the pigment-producing (color) cells, known as melanocytes. Cell division in the hair matrix is responsible for the cells that will form the major structures of the hair fiber and the inner root sheath. The hair matrix epithelium is one of the fastest-growing cell areas in the human body, which is why some forms of chemotherapy which kill dividing cells or radiotherapy may lead to temporary hair loss. The papilla is usually oval or pear-shaped, with the matrix wrapped almost totally around it, except for a short stalk-like connection to the surrounding connective tissue that provides access for the capillary.

The root sheath is composed of an external (outside) and internal (inside) root sheath. The external root sheath appears empty with cuboid cells when stained with H&E stain. The internal root sheath is composed of three layers, Henle's layer, Huxley's layer, and an internal cuticle that is continuous with the outer layer of the hair fiber.

The hair fiber is composed of a cuticle that is continuous with the root sheath, an intermediate cortex, and an inner medulla.

The bulge is in the outer root sheath at the insertion point of the arrector pili muscle. It houses several types of stem cells, which supply the entire hair follicle with new cells, and take part in healing the epidermis after a wound.

Other structures associated with the hair follicle include arrector pili muscles, sebaceous glands and apocrine sweat glands. Hair follicle nerve receptors sense the position of the hairs.

Before a baby is born, the epithelium and underlying mesenchyma interact to form hair follicles.

Hair grows in cycles of various phases: anagen is the growth phase; catagen is the involuting or regressing phase; and telogen, the resting or quiescent (still) phase. Each phase has several morphologically and histologically distinguishable sub-phases. Prior to the start of cycling is a phase of follicular morphogenesis (formation of the follicle). There is also a shedding phase, or exogen, that is independent of anagen and telogen in which one of several hairs that might arise from a single follicle exits. Normally up to 90% of the hair follicles are in anagen phase while, 10–14% are in telogen and 1–2% in catagen phase. The cycle's length varies on different parts of the body. For eyebrows, the cycle is completed in around 4 months, while it takes the scalp 3–4 years to finish; this is the reason eyebrow hairs have a much shorter length limit compared to hairs on the head. Growth cycles are controlled by a chemical signal like epidermal growth factor.

Anagen is the color phase of hair follicles. The color of your hair will start to fade because the cell only last a couple months. 

The catagen phase is a short transition stage that occurs at the end of the anagen phase. It signals the end of the active growth of a hair. This phase lasts for about 2–3 weeks while a club hair is formed.

The telogen phase is the resting phase of the hair follicle. The club hair is the final product of a hair follicle in the telogen stage, and is a dead, fully keratinized hair. Fifty to one-hundred club hairs are shed daily from a normal scalp.



Pirelli

Pirelli & C. SpA is a diverse (it does many things) company based in Milan, Italy. It operates in many countries.

Pirelli was founded 1872 in Milan by Giovanni Battista Pirelli. Pirelli initially worked in rubber and related processes. The company used to make scuba diving rebreathers (a special type of underwater breathing machine). Pirelli's activities are still focused on the building of tyres and cables (for energy and telecommunications). In 2005, Pirelli sold its cable division to Goldman Sachs, which changed the new group's name to "Prysmian".

In the 1950s, Alberto Pirelli had the famous Milanese skyscraper built. It is in the same area as the first Pirelli factory in the 19th century.

In 1974, Pirelli invented the "wide radial tyre". This was at the request from the Lancia rally racing team. They needed a tyre strong enough for their new Stratos.

Later, Porsche started using the same tyres with the Porsche 911 Turbo.

Today, the wide tyres are still the standard in sport & racing cars.

The "Pirelli Calendar" is published once a year. It often features famous actresses and fashion models. The calendar also features the work of many well respected fashion photographers.

The "Pirelli Internetional Award" is given annually for the best international multimedia involving the communication of Science & Technology conducted entirely on the Internet.

"Power is nothing without control" is the slogan of Pirelli Tyre Company.

Pirelli is the long time main sponsor of Italian football club "F.C. Internazionale Milano".

Pirelli has a history of sponsoring football teams. Pirelli is known for its long term primary sponsorship of the Italian football team Internazionale Milano F.C. Pirelli also supports rally. Pirelli Star Driver is an project to support young rally drivers. It is organised by Pirelli and the FIA.

Since 2007, Pirelli is the only tyre brand used in the FIM World Superbike Championship. The tyres are also used in the support classes.

Pirelli has the contract for the control tyre supply in the British Superbike Championship. This contract started in 2008 and will last until 2010 at least.

Pirelli is the official tyre supplier of the World Rally Championship. They replaced BF Goodrich for the 2008 season.

Pirelli competed in Formula One in three distinct periods. The first time was between and . The second time was between and . The third time was between and . They started 200 Grands Prix races, and won 44 of them.

Pirelli will return to the sport in as the sole tyre supplier. Bridgestone decided to withdraw as the supplier at the end of .

To test the new F1 tyre, Pirelli signed Nick Heidfeld. A 2009 version of a Toyota Racing chassis is being used to test the tyres. The testing is taking place during the second half of the season. In September 2010, Heidfeld was signed by Sauber to race the remainder of the season. Pirelli then hired former GP2 and Renault F1 driver Romain Grosjean to test for them.


Ball (dance)

A ball is a formal dance occasion. By formal is meant: people were invited, wore their best clothes ('evening attire'), and the ball was held in a splendid ballroom. In former times everyone danced, but only the wealthy went to balls. Girls had dance cards: men had to sign up to dance with them. Older people sat around the sides and watched the younger people dance. It was a society occasion.


Robin Warren

John Robin Warren AC (born 11 June 1937 in Adelaide) is an Australian pathologist, Nobel winner and researcher. In 1979, he discovered the bacterium "Helicobacter pylori", together with Barry Marshall.

He received his MBBS degree from the University of Adelaide, having completed his high school education at St Peter's College, Adelaide. In 1967 he was became a member the Royal College of Pathologists of Australia and became a senior pathologist at the Royal Perth Hospital where he spent most of his career. At the University of Western Australia with Barry J. Marshall, Warren proved that the bacterium is the cause of stomach ulcers. Warren helped develop an easy diagnostic test (C-urea breath-test) for finding "H. pylori" in ulcer patients. In 2005, Warren and Marshall were awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine.

He married Winifred Theresa Warren and together they had five children. Winifred Warren is a psychiatrist.

An Australian documentary was made in 2006 about Warren and Marshall's road to the Nobel Prize, called "The Winner's Guide to the Nobel Prize". He was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia in 2007.


University of Western Australia

The University of Western Australia (UWA) was opened in February 1911. It is the oldest university in the state of Western Australia. The law that set up the university was the University of Western Australia Act 1911. The Act sets out how the university is to be managed by a Senate, which can make rules and regulations. These are included in the University Calendar.
One of the best and most respected universities in Australia, UWA is also highly ranked internationally. To date UWA has close to 100 Rhodes Scholars and one Nobel Prize winner, Barry Marshall. The university joined the "Matariki Network of Universities" as the youngest member, being the only established university from the 20th century.

The university was first set up in Irwin Street, in the centre of Perth. It was housed in several buildings between Hay Street and St George's Terrace. Irwin Street was also known as "Tin Pan Alley" because many of the buildings had corrugated iron roofing. These buildings were the university campus until 1932, when the campus moved to its present-day site in Crawley ().

In the 1910s the founding Chancellor, Sir John Winthrop Hackett, gave over £425,000 to the university. This allowed the building of its magnificent main buildings at the present-day campus. Many buildings and landmarks within the university are named after him, including Winthrop Hall and Hackett Hall.

A part of the original buildings is still in use, called the "Irwin Street Building". In the 1930s it was moved to the new campus. In 1987 it was repaired and moved to James Oval. Recently, the building was the Senate meeting room and is now used as a cricket pavilion and storage space for the University Archives. The building has been heritage-listed by both the National Trust and the Australian Heritage Commission.

The university has nine Faculties:

UWA is one of the largest landowners in Perth, though government grants and private gifts. Recent developments include the $22 million University Club, opened in June 2005, the UWA Watersports Complex, opened in August 2005, the $64 million Molecular and Chemical Sciences building opened in September 2005 and a $30 million Business School building opened in May 2009. A new $360 million medical research facility is due to begin in early 2009 and be completed by the end of 2011.

The 65-hectare Crawley campus is next to the Swan River, and located 5 km from the Perth central business district. Many of the buildings are made from limestone, including the Winthrop Hall with its Romanesque architecture. These buildings are built amongst large lawns and thickets of trees such as the Sunken Garden and the Tropical Grove. The beauty of the grounds and rich history of the campus make it a popular spot for weddings.

The Arts Faculty building includes the New Fortune Theatre . This is a copy of the original Elizabethan Fortune Theatre and the only one of its kind in the southern hemisphere. Since 1995 the open air theatre has had regular performances of Shakespeare's plays, put on by the Graduate Dramatic Society and the University Dramatic Society. The theatre is also home to a family of peafowl given to the university by the Perth Zoo. 

The Berndt Museum of Anthropology, on the ground floor of the Social Sciences Building, holds the finest collection of Aboriginal art in the world according to the Collections Australia Network (CAN). Its Asian and Melanesian collections are also of strong interest. Begun in 1976 by Ronald and Catherine Berndt, it works in close collaboration with Aboriginal communities.

The University of Western Australia has seven main subject libraries on campus. This includes the architecturally recognised Reid Library building, the largest library on campus with four publicly accessible levels. Five of the libraries are located on campus, with the other two being located within walking distance.

Several residential colleges are located close to the campus, including Currie Hall , St George's College , St Catherine's College, Trinity and St Thomas More College.

The university started a UWA Albany Centre in 1999 to meet rural education needs. In 2005, Curtin University of Technology joined UWA in Albany to offer extra courses. UWA Albany has postgraduate coursework and research programs through the Institute for Regional Development and the Centre of Excellence in Natural Resource Management. The UWA Rural Clinical School sends fifth-year medical students to study for a year in Albany, Derby, Broome, Port Hedland, Karratha, Geraldton, Bunbury, Narrogin, Esperance, or Kalgoorlie. The university is also involved in the Combined Universities Centre for Rural Health in Geraldton.

The university has other buildings across Stirling Highway in Nedlands. These are linked by pedestrian underpasses beneath the highway, and paths in front of the residential colleges. The university also has buildings in Claremont, purchased in 2005 from Edith Cowan University. The university calls this "UWA Claremont". The university remains a single campus institution. UWA Claremont is approximately 5 km west of the main Crawley campus. Further west still, the university also has staff in central Claremont.

Overseas, the university has links with institutions in Malaysia and Singapore, where students can study for The University of Western Australia qualifications.

UWA's students are mainly from Western Australia, and mostly from Perth. In recent years, numbers of full-fee paying foreign students, mainly from Southeast Asia, have grown. In 2008, the university had 3,958 international students, part of a total of 19,000 students.

The University of Western Australia has formal agreements with 44 international institutions. It encourages staff and student exchanges, collaborative research and exchange of teaching materials and methods. The university also teaches several of its programmes in Singapore, Indonesia and the Philippines.

In May 2010 University joined the Matariki Network of Universities (MNU) together with Dartmouth College (USA), Durham University (UK), Queen’s University (Canada), University of Otago (New Zealand), University of Tübingen (Germany) and Uppsala University (Sweden).

The university has over 80 research centres, including the Crime Research Centre, the Centre for Forensic Science, the Centre for Water Research and the Centre for Oil and Gas Engineering.

A new project is the Zadko Telescope. A local businessman, James Zadko, and his family gave money to buy a robotically controlled 1-metre modified Ritchey-Chrétien telescope (F/4 equatorially mounted flat field). The telescope will built at the UWA's Gravity Discovery Centre and Southern Cross Cosmos Centre 70 km north of Perth on Wallingup Plain, near the town of Gingin. Working together with the European Union's satellites, it will be used to find major supernovas.

The University of Western Australia, with $20 million from the state government, will build an international radio astronomy research centre on UWA's Perth campus. UWA is behind Australia's bid to be the site of the Square Kilometer Array, a very large internationally funded radio astronomy installation capable of seeing the early stages of the formation of galaxies, stars and planets.

The UWA Student Guild is the main student group on campus. It is part of the National Union of Students. The Guild provides many services to students, including running cafes and financial help. There are also over 80 clubs and societies paid for by the Guild. The Guild publishes the student newspaper, Pelican, as well as several other publications.

UWA Sports has a recreation centre, a fitness centre, aquatic centre (Human Movement) as well as a watersports complex (on the Swan River), a boat shed, a sports shop and physiotherapy. Off campus they run the UWA Sports Park (MacGillivray Oval) with athletics, baseball, cricket, football, hockey, rugby, soccer and ultimate frisbee fields. The UWA Tennis Centre is next to Challenge Stadium & UWA Sports Park. UWA Shenton Recreation Park also has a gym, indoor sports hall, tennis courts and a hockey turf.

UWA has many famous students, particularly in politics and government. The list includes many premiers of Western Australia including Geoff Gallop, Richard Court and Alan Carpenter; former Deputy Prime Minister Kim Beazley, and his father Kim Edward Beazley, and 23rd Prime Minister of Australia Bob Hawke.
The university also many famous science and medicine students, including Nobel prize winner Barry Marshall, the Australian of the Year for 2003 Fiona Stanley and the Australian of the Year for 2005 Fiona Wood.
The former head of Ansett Airlines and British Airways, Sir Rod Eddington, is a graduate of the UWA School of Engineering.
Sports alumni include former Kookaburras Captain and Hockeyroos Coach Ric Charlesworth.

UWA set up a publishing section in 1935, when the university was the only university in Western Australia.

UWA started a Second Life project in mid-2009. (Second Life is a 3D online virtual world open to the public, free of charge.) By early 2010 it was the most active Second Life project of any Australian university. The UWA site covers three islands (projected to expand), with several models of historic buildings from the Crawley campus, a virtual lecture hall which is used to run real lectures, and a facility where the capabilities of Second Life are being explored for use in scientific visualisation research. During 2009-2010, UWA in Second Life is running a monthly art contest, attracting around 70 artists and many visitors from around the world. Every month a new set of artworks are submitted and the community, together with a judging panel, select winners in a number of categories, who are then awarded cash prizes.


Glycogen storage disease type II

Glycogen storage disease type II (also known as Pompe's Disease) is a disease that causes glycogen to gather in lysosomes. It was also the first glycogen storage disease to be discovered, this happened in 1932 by Dutch pathologist J.C. Pompe. It is one of the rarest diseases in the United States, and the world.

The build-up of glycogen causes muscles to get weaker over time throughout the body and affects various body tissues, more commonly in the heart, skeletal muscles, liver and the nervous system.

The form that happens during early childhood usually comes to medical attention within the first few months of life. The usual presenting features are having a bigger heart than usual (cardiomelagy, 92%), low ability to resist muscle stretch (hypotonia, 88%), cardiomyopathy (88%), breathing problems (78%), muscle weakness (63%), feeding difficulties (57%) and not enough weight gain (inability to thrive, 50%).

The main things that doctors can look for include floppy baby appearance, delays in critical parts of being able to move (for example: being able to lift your head and neck), and feeding difficulties. A liver that is moderately larger than usual (mild hepatomegaly) might happen. Facial features include an unusually large tongue (macroglossia), wide open mouth, wide open eyes, and flaring of the babies nostrils (due to respiratory distress). The heart and lungs can be affected, shown by a faster breathing rate, the use of additional muscles for breathing, frequent and repeated chest infections, reduced entry of air into the lower left zone (due to cardiomelagy, or an enlarged heart), irregular heartbeat (arrythmias) and signs of heart failure.

Before a cure was developed, the average age of death was 8.7 months (if the disease was left untreated), usually due to heart and lung failure. However, this outcome has drastically changed since treatment has been available, and the life expectancy gets better with early access to treatment.

This form is different from the infantile form mainly because it involves the heart less. It starts slowly and gets worse more slowly. The heart involvement, if present, is not as bad compared to the infantile form. The skeletal system is affected more, especially in the lower limbs.

In the late-onset form, symptoms include difficulty coughing, repeated chest infections, weak muscles, delayed development in being able to move, trouble swallowing or chewing, and reduced breathing capacity.

The prognosis depends on when the symptoms start, and later-onset disease generally has a better prognosis.

Nobel Foundation

The Nobel Foundation () is a private institution started on 29 June 1900. Its job is to manage the money and organize the Nobel Prizes. The Foundation is based on the last will of Alfred Nobel, the inventor of dynamite.

Gastritis

Gastritis is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach. It has many possible causes. The main causes are drinking too much alcohol, or using nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (also known as NSAIDs) such as aspirin or ibuprofen for too long. Sometimes gastritis starts after major surgery, serious injury, burns, or infections. People who have had weight loss surgery may also get gastritis. Long term causes are infection with bacteria, mainly "Helicobacter pylori". Certain diseases, such as pernicious anemia, chronic bile reflux, stress and certain autoimmune disorders can cause gastritis as well. The most common symptom is abdominal pain. Other symptoms are indigestion, abdominal bloating, nausea, and vomiting. Some may have a feeling of fullness or burning in the upper abdomen. A gastroscopy, blood test, complete blood count test, or a faeces test may be used to diagnose gastritis. Treatment includes taking antacids or other medicines, such as proton pump inhibitors or antibiotics, and avoiding hot or spicy foods. For those with pernicious anemia, B injections are given.

Susan Greenfield

Susan Greenfield, Baroness Greenfield, (born Hammersmith, London, 1 October 1950) is a British scientist, writer and broadcaster. She specializes in studying how the human brain works and has done a lot of research into diseases such as Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease which are common in older people. She has written several books and appeared frequently on radio and television. She is very good at explaining what she does to the wide public, using words that ordinary people (non-scientists) can understand. In 1994 she gave the series of Christmas lectures on television for young children.

Susan Greenfield was born in Hammersmith, West London. Her parents were of Russian and Austrian origin. She studied at the University of Oxford and also got a doctorate degree from the College de France in Paris. She is Professor of Pharmacology at the University of Oxford and fellow of Lincoln College. She is the head of a group of 18 scientists who study degenerative brain diseases. Until recently she was director of the Royal Institution.

Susan Greenfield is very well known to the wider public through the books she has written and the lectures she has given on radio and on television. In 1994, she was the first woman to give the Royal Institution Christmas Lectures which were sponsored at that time by the BBC. She called those lectures "Journey to the centre of the brain".

Greenfield frequently lectures about the future of the brain and, in particular, the effect that computers are having in the way we think. She says that computer could be very useful for old people because it keeps their minds active. On the other hand she is worried that young people are using computers too much. Although activities such as video games are good for developing certain skills (such as quick reactions), there are many other skills that we need in life (such as the ability to communicate with people and understand other people’s emotions) that they do not teach us.

Baroness Greenfield sits in the United Kingdom Parliament in the House of Lords as a crossbencher. She does not belong to any particular party.

She has been given many awards, including the CBE for helping the public to understand science. a Chevalier Légion d'Honneur by the French Government. She has been given several honorary degrees and in June 2001, she was made a Life peer, as Baroness Greenfield, of Ot Moor in the County of Oxfordshire.

Greenfield was married to an Oxford University Professor of Physical Chemistry, Peter Atkins; they divorced in 2005.

http://www.brunel.ac.uk/about/hongrads/2000/greenfield 

Sébastien Bourdais

Sébastien Olivier Bourdais (born 28 February 1979 in Le Mans) is a French race car driver. He is one of the most successful drivers in the history of the Champ Car World Series. He won four championships in a row, from 2004 to 2007.

He drove in Formula One for the Toro Rosso team during the 2008 and 2009 seasons. He was unable to repeat his past successes. Bourdais currently drives for Peugeot Sport in the Le Mans Series and for French football club Olympique Lyonnais in the Superleague Formula series.

Born into a racing family, Bourdais began his racing career at age 10 in kart racing. Bourdais progressed to single-seater racing in 1995, finishing 9th in the Formula Campus Championship. He then spent two years in the French Formula Renault Championship. He finished second in points in 1997. In 1998, he won five races to become Rookie of the Year (6th overall) in French F3. He won the series outright in 1999, with eight wins and three poles.

In 2000, Bourdais joined the Prost Junior Team in the International F3000 Championship. He finished ninth in the series. In 2001, he moved to the DAMS team and took his first win in the series. He changed teams again for 2002, joing Super Nova Racing. Bordais had three victories and seven pole positions. He won the championship by two points.

Bourdais moved to Champ Car racing in the United States. He and joined Newman-Haas Racing for the 2003 CART World Series season. At St. Petersburg, Florida, Bourdais became the first rookie since Nigel Mansell to claim pole position for his first race. His first Champ Car victory came at Brands Hatch.

For 2004, Bourdais dominated the Champ Car series. He had seven wins and eight poles in his Lola. His won his first championship. Bourdais won a fourth consecutive Champ Car title in 2007 with victory at Lexmark Indy 300 on October 21.
On 16 March 2008 Bourdais competed in his first Formula One Championship race, the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne. He finished the year in 17th place with four points.

Bourdais tested for the Toro Rosso team during the winter. On 6 February 2009 he was confirmed as a Toro Rosso driver for a second year. He had two points finishes in at the Australian Grand Prix and the Monaco Grand Prix.

On 16 July 2009, Toro Rosso announced that Bourdais would no longer be driving for the team. It was reported that Bourdais was thinking about sueing Toro Rosso, claiming that the team breached his contract. It was then reported that Toro Rosso paid him $2.1 million to avoid legal action.

Bourdais has frequently raced the famous 24 Hours of Le Mans. He entering for the first time in 1999, at the aged of 20. He drove a Porsche 911 GT2 run by Larbre Competition. He returned in 2000, finishing fourth with Emmanuel Clerico and Olivier Grouillard for the Pescarolo team behind the three dominant Audis.

His next three appearances did not go so well. In 2001 his car retired after 271 laps. The next year, he finished ninth in the LMP900 class. He missed the 2003 race and returned in 2004, but his car retired after 282 laps.

Bourdais' next race at Le Mans would come in 2007. He drove a factory-backed Peugeot 908. The car he shared with Stéphane Sarrazin and Pedro Lamy finished the race second. In 2009 he drovr for the Peugeot factory team again. He finished in second place, one lap behind the winning Peugeot. Bourdais was to drive the pole-winning #3 Peugeot in 2010. A suspension failure halted the car before Bourdais could turn a lap in the race

After leaving Formula One, Bourdais signed up to drive the Sevilla FC car in the Superleague Formula series. He won on his debut weekend at the 2009 Estoril round in the Super Final. Bourdais won again at the next round, winning race 1 of the 2009 Monza round. He returned for the 2010 season racing for Olympique Lyonnais.

Bourdais made several appearances in other championships. He won the Spa 24 Hours in 2002 in a Larbre Compétition Chrysler Viper GTS-R. He also won his class at the 2006 12 Hours of Sebring in a Panoz Esperante. In 2005 he also competed in the International Race of Champions, winning his first stock car race at Texas Motor Speedway. In 2009, he set the official lap record at Sebring International Raceway, during the 12 Hours of Sebring. In 2010, Bourdais raced in a Level 5 Motorsports prepared Daytona Prototype in Rolex 24 at Daytona, held at Daytona International Speedway in Florida.

 New points system introduced in 2004


Did not finish the race but was classified as he completed more than 90% of the race


W. Edwards Deming

William Edwards Deming (October 14, 1900 – December 20, 1993) was an American engineer who improved how companies manage making products. He was a statistician, professor, author, lecturer, and consultant. He is perhaps best known for his work in Japan. Starting in 1950, he taught top Japanese business managers how to improve design, product quality, testing and sales. He taught the importance of using Statistical Process Control (SPC), to manage quality by measuring, or counting, many steps of complex manufacturing and services, in order to reduce the variation in results. This should reduce defects and errors. Deming described periodic monitoring, by repeating the steps of Plan-Do-Check-Act, known as the Deming Cycle.

He went to triton central highschool. He entered the University of Wyoming at Laramie in 1917 and graduated in 1921. He earned a BSc in electrical engineering. He then went to graduate school. In 1925, he received an M.S. from the University of Colorado. In 1928, he received a Ph.D. from Yale University. Both graduate degrees were in mathematics and mathematical physics. 

Yo-yo

The yo-yo is a popular toy made with of a length of string tied at one end to a flat spool. It is used by holding the free end of the string (usually by inserting one finger in a slip knot) and pulling at it so as to cause the spool to turn while it is hanging in mid-air, either winding or unwinding the string. It first became popular in the 1920s.

In the simplest play, the string is wound on the spool by hand. The yo-yo is then thrown downwards, so that it goes down and unwinds the string. It then (by inertia) climbs back, winding the string up. Finally the yo-yo is grabbed, ready to be thrown again. Many other trick plays exist, most based on the basic "sleeper" trick.
One of the most famous tricks on the yoyo is "walk the dog". This is done by throwing a strong sleeper and allowing the yoyo to roll across the floor.

English historical names for the yo-yo include "bandalore" (from French) and "quiz". French historical terms include "bandalore", "incroyable", "de Coblenz", "emigrette", and "joujou de Normandie" ("joujou" meaning little toy).

The earliest surviving yo-yo dates to 500 BC and was made using terra cotta (clay) disks. A Greek vase painting from this date shows a boy playing yo-yo(see right). Greek records from this time describe toys made out of wood, metal, or painted terra cotta. The terra cotta disks were used to ceremonially offer the toys of youth to certain gods when a child came of age. Disks of other materials were used for actual play. 

Philippine historical records show that 16th century hunters hiding in trees used a rock tied to a string up to 20 feet in length to throw at wild animals beneath them. The string meant they could get the rock back without having to come down from the tree.

Government of Australia

The Commonwealth of Australia is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy. The Commonwealth of Australia was formed in 1901 when the six self-governing British colonies, agreed to join together as one nation. These colonies became the six states of Australia. The written agreement is the Australian Constitution. This was written at a Constitutional Convention and voted for by the people of the colonies. 

The way the Australian Government is organized can be looked at in two ways. The first is federalism which organizes the way powers are distributed between the Australian Government and the state governments. The second is separation of powers into legislative, executive and judiciary branches of government. The Constitution supports the separation of powers in the way it sets out the roles of the branches of government.

Section 1 of the Australian Constitution sets up a democratic legislature, the bicameral Parliament of Australia. This is the Queen and two houses, the Senate and the House of Representatives. Section 51 of the Constitution sets out the Commonwealth Government's legislative powers and gives certain powers and responsibilities (known as "heads of power") to the federal government. All remaining responsibilities are kept by the six States. Each State has its own constitution, so that Australia has seven sovereign Parliaments, none of which can take over the powers of any other. The High Court of Australia rules on any arguments between the Commonwealth and the States, or among the States, about their powers.

The Commonwealth Parliament can propose changes to the Constitution. To become law, the proposals must be put to a referendum of all Australians of voting age. The changes must get a "double majority": a majority of all votes, and a majority of votes in a majority of States.

The Commonwealth Constitution also says that the States can agree to give any of their powers to the Commonwealth. This can be done by an amendment to the Constitution through a referendum. More commonly, if all the states agree, then all state and Commonwealth parliaments pass laws to allow the transfer. These "transfer" laws may have a "sunset clause". This is a part of the law that means the law is only in place for a certain time. After this, the original division of powers is put back.

Australia has several territories, three of which are self-governing: the Australian Capital Territory (ACT), the Northern Territory (NT) and Norfolk Island. The legislatures of these territories have powers given to them by the Commonwealth. The Commonwealth Parliament keeps the power to overturn territorial legislation and to give or take powers. While Australian citizens living in the Australian Capital Territory and the Northern Territory are represented in the Commonwealth Parliament, Norfolk Islanders are not.

Australia's other territories, (Jervis Bay, Christmas Island and the Cocos (Keeling) Islands) are not self-governing. Instead, these territories are governed by federal laws, with Christmas Island and the Cocos Islands also having local governments. The largely uninhabited Coral Sea Islands was set up as a Territory of the Commonwealth in 1969. The Ashmore and Cartier Islands has been a territory since 1933 run under the laws of the Northern Territory.

The federal nature of the Commonwealth and the structure of the Parliament of Australia were the subject of long negotiations among the colonies. The House of Representatives is elected on a basis which shows the different sized populations of the States. So New South Wales has 50 members while Tasmania has only five. But the Senate is elected on a basis of equality among the States: all States have 12 Senators, regardless of population. This was so the Senators of the smaller States could form a majority and change or even reject laws from the House of Representatives. The ACT and the NT elect two senators each.

The third level of government after Commonwealth and State/Territory is Local government. These are organized as shires, towns or cities. Local governments are made up of elected representatives (known as either councilor or alderman depending on the State), usually serving on a part-time basis.

Government is undertaken by three inter-connected arms of government:

The "Separation of powers" is the principle whereby the three arms of government do their activities separate from each other:

Before the Australia Act 1986, and matching legislation in the parliament of the United Kingdom, some Australian cases could be sent to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council for final appeal. Australian law is now only decided on in Australia, and the High Court of Australia is the highest court of appeal. The possibility of the British Parliament making laws to overturn the Australian Constitution was also removed.

The Legislature makes the laws, and supervises the activities of the other two arms with a view to changing the laws if needed. The Australian Parliament is bicameral, made up of the Queen, a 76-member Senate and a 150-member House of Representatives. Twelve Senators from each state are elected for six-year terms, using proportional representation and the single transferable vote (known in Australia as "preferential voting", with half elected every three years.

There are also two senators elected by voters from the Northern Territory (and including the Indian Ocean Territories, Christmas Island and the Cocos (Keeling) Islands). Another two senators are elected by the voters of the Australian Capital Territory (including the Jervis Bay Territory). Senators from the territories are also elected using preferential voting, however, their term of office is not fixed: it starts on the day of a general election for the House of Representatives and ends the day before the next such election day.

The members of the House of Representatives are elected by preferential voting from single-member areas spread among the states and territories roughly in proportion to population. In ordinary legislation, the two chambers have the same powers, but all laws for spending money or charging taxes must come from the House of Representatives. In the Westminster system, the leader of the political party or group of parties that holds the support of a majority of the members in the House of Representatives is asked to form a government and is named Prime Minister.

The Prime Minister and the Cabinet are responsible to the Parliament, of which they must be members. General elections are held at least once every three years. The Prime Minister can advise the Governor-General to call an election for the House of Representatives at any time, but Senate elections can only be held within certain periods set out in the Constitution. The most recent general election was on 21 August 2010.

The Commonwealth Parliament and all the state and territory legislatures use the Westminster system. They have a recognised Leader of the Opposition, usually the leader of the largest party outside the government. There is also a Shadow Cabinet of Opposition members who "shadow" each member of the Ministry, asking questions on matters about the Minister's responsibilities. The government, because it has a majority of members in the lower house of the legislature, can usually pass its legislation and control the workings of the house. The Opposition can slow down the process and obstruct government business if it chooses. The day-to-day business of the house is usually worked out between a senior Minister, who holds the title Leader of the House, and an Opposition frontbencher known as the Manager of Opposition Business.

The Australian Constitution was written in 1901, when the Dominions of the British Empire were not independent countries, and does not use the words "head of state". In practice, the role of head of state of Australia is divided between two people, the Queen of Australia and the Governor-General of Australia. The Governor- General is appointed by the Queen on the advice of the Prime Minister of Australia. Though in many respects the Governor-General is the Queen's representative, and exercises various constitutional powers in her name, they are also independently vested with many important constitutional powers by the Constitution.

The Sovereign of Australia is currently Queen Elizabeth II. She is also the Sovereign of fifteen other Commonwealth Realms including the United Kingdom. Like the other Dominions, Australia gained legislative independence from the Parliament of the United Kingdom through the Statute of Westminster 1931. This came into force in Australia in 1942, but back dated to 3 September 1939. With the Royal Style and Titles Act 1953, the Australian Parliament gave the Queen the title Queen of Australia. In 1973 her Australian title no longer included her status as Queen of the United Kingdom and Defender of the Faith.

Section 61 of the Constitution says that 'The executive power of the Commonwealth is vested in the Queen and is exercisable by the Governor‑General as the Queen’s representative, and extends to the execution and maintenance of this Constitution, and of the laws of the Commonwealth'. Section 2 of the Australian Constitution says that a Governor-General shall represent the Queen in Australia. In practice, the Governor-General carries out all the tasks usually done by a head of state, without asking the Queen.

The question of whether the Queen is Australia's head of state became a political one during the 1999 Australian republic referendum, when opponents of the move to make Australia a republic claimed that Australia already had an Australian as head of state in the person of the Governor-General, who since 1965 has invariably been an Australian citizen. The former Governor-General, Major General Michael Jeffery, said in 2004: "Her Majesty is Australia's head of state but I am her representative and to all intents and purposes I carry out the full role." However, in 2005, he declined to name the Queen as head of state, instead saying in response to a direct question, "The Queen is the Monarch and I represent her, and I carry out all the functions of head of state." The Governor-General represents Australia internationally, making and receiving State visits.

In 2009 Prime Minister Kevin Rudd called the Governor-General the Australian head of state. He said an overseas visit by Quentin Bryce "...to Africa of this scale by Australia's Head of State will express the seriousness of Australia's commitment".

Under the Westminster system the Governor-General's powers are almost always used on the advice of the Prime Minister or other ministers. The Governor-General retains reserve powers similar to those possessed by the Queen in the United Kingdom. These are rarely exercised, but during the Australian constitutional crisis of 1975 Governor-General Sir John Kerr used them independently of the Queen and the Prime Minister.

Several times people in Australia have wanted to remove the monarchy. In a 1999 referendum, the Australian people voted on a proposal to change the Constitution. The proposal would have removed the Queen from the Constitution and replaced the Governor-General with a President nominated by the Prime Minister, but needing the approval of a two-thirds majority of both Houses of the Parliament. The proposal was defeated. The Australian Republican Movement continues to call for an end to the monarchy in Australia, opposed by Australians for Constitutional Monarchy.

The Federal Executive Council consists of the Governor-General, the Prime Minister and Ministers. It is a formal body which exists to give legal effect to decisions made by the Cabinet, and to carry out various other functions. Members of the Executive Council are entitled to be styled "The Honourable", a title which they retain for life. The Governor-General usually presides at Council meetings, but a Minister with the title Vice-President of the Executive Council serves as the link between the government and the council.

The Constitution of Australia does not mention the Cabinet, and its decisions have no legal force. All members of the ministry must be sworn as members of the Federal Executive Council. This council is chaired by the Governor-General and which meets solely to approve and give legal force to decisions already made by the Cabinet. That is why there is always a member of the ministry holding the title Vice-President of the Executive Council.

Until 1956 all members of the ministry were members of the Cabinet. With more ministers added in the 1940s and 1950s this made the cabinet too big. In 1956 Robert Menzies created a two level ministry, with only senior ministers in the Cabinet. These are known as the front bench because the sit on the front bench seats in the Parliament. This practice has been continued by all governments except the Whitlam Government.

When the non-Labor parties have been in power, the Prime Minister has made all Cabinet and ministerial appointments. When the Liberal Party and its predecessors (the Nationalist Party and the United Australia Party) have been in coalition with the National Party or its predecessor the Country Party, the leader of the junior Coalition party has had the right decide his party's members of the Coalition ministry, and to work with the Prime Minister to give them their responsibilities.

When the Labor first held office under Chris Watson, Watson used the right to choose members of his Cabinet. In 1907, however, the party decided that future Labor Cabinets would be elected by the members of the Parliamentary Labor Party, the Caucus. The Prime Minister would allocate their responsibilities. The Labor Prime Ministers had a lot of influence over who was elected to Labor ministries, although the leaders small groups inside the party also had a lot of power. Prior to the 2007 general election, Kevin Rudd, said that he and he alone would choose the ministry if he become Prime Minister. His party won the election and he chose the ministry, as he said he would.

The cabinet meets not only in Canberra but also in other Australian state capitals, most often Sydney and Melbourne. Kevin Rudd said he wanted the Cabinet to meet in other places, such as major regional cities. The Commonwealth Parliament Offices in Sydney are located in Phillip Street.

There are times when the government acts in a "caretaker" capacity, principally in the period prior to and immediately following a general election.

The Judiciary interprets the laws, using as a basis the laws as enacted and what was said in the Legislature while the laws were being passed.


 Before 1931, the junior status of dominions was shown in the fact that it was British ministers who advised the King, with dominion ministers, if they met the King at all, escorted by the constitutionally superior British minister. After 1931 all dominion ministers met the King as "His" ministers as of right, equal in Commonwealth status to Britain's ministers, meaning that there was no longer either a requirement for, or an acceptance of, the presence of British ministers. The first state to exercise this both symbolic and real independence was the Irish Free State. Australia and other dominions soon followed.



Met Office

The Met Office (now the official name for the Meteorological Office) is the United Kingdom's national weather service.

More than 50% of its revenue comes from goods and services. This is why it is a 'trading fund' of the Ministry of Defence.

Part of the Met Office headquarters at Exeter in Devon is the Met Office College. This does the training for internal personnel and many forecasters from around the world.

One of the British stalwarts, the Shipping Forecast, is produced by the Met Office and broadcast on BBC Radio 4. The Shipping Forecast has long been vital to the safety of mariners on the seas around the British Isles.

The Met Office is responsible for issuing Severe Weather Warnings for the United Kingdom through the National Severe Weather Warning Service (NSWWS). These warn of weather which may affect transport and lives. In March 2008, the system was improved and a new stage of warning was introduced, the 'Advisory'.

Its main role is to produce forecast models. It gathers information from weather satellites in space and observations on earth. The information is fed into two IBM supercomputers. The computers use models based on a software package known as the Unified Model. The principal weather products for UK customers are 36-hour forecasts from the newly operational 1.5 km resolution UKV model covering the UK and surroundings (replacing the 4 km model); 48-hour forecasts from the 12 km resolution NAE model covering Europe and the North Atlantic; and 144-hour forecasts from the 25 km resolution global model (replacing the 40 km global model). A wide range of other products for other regions of the globe are sold to customers abroad. They are used by MOD operations abroad or provided free to developing countries in Africa. If necessary, forecasters may make adjustments to the computer forecasts.


Statistical process control

Statistical process control (SPC) is the use of statistical methods to assess the stability of a process and the quality of its outputs. For example, Think about a bottling plant. The entire system of production that produces filled bottles is called a "process". Suppose the weight of liquid is added to a bottle is critical for cost control and customer satisfaction. The content should weigh 250 grams, but it is acceptable if the actual weight is between 245 and 255 grams. Monitoring means that the weight of every bottle is measured and recorded; sampling means that only a few bottles (say one in a thousand) are actually weighed (analysis to determine the rate of sampling and to assess samples great is a well-established part of SPC.)

SPC relies on quantitative and graphic analysis of measurements to evaluate observed variation. If the attributes of interest (content weight in this example) vary within an acceptable range, a process is said to be "in control," "in statistical control," or "stable." When unacceptable variation is noted, actions are typically taken to determine and correct their cause. In the bottling example, suppose too many bottles are filled with less than 245 grams. Checking the plant equipment reveals that one of ten filler valves is failing to work.

SPC has had a wide application in manufacturing since its introduction in the 1920s and in many other kinds of repeated activities.

Much of the power of SPC lies in the ability to examine a process, for the sources of without the minor details in that process, by using tools which give weight to objective analysis over subjective opinions and which allow the strength of each source to be determined numerically. Variations in the process, which might affect the quality of the end-product or service can be detected and corrected, thus reducing waste as well as the likelihood that problems will be passed on to the customer. With its emphasis on early detection and prevention of problems, SPC has a distinct advantage over other quality methods, such as inspection, which apply resources to detecting and correcting problems after they have occurred.

In addition to subtracting waste, SPC can lead to a lesser waste of time required to produce the product or service from end-to-end. This is partially due to a reduced likelihood that the final product will have to be reworked, but it may also result from using SPC data to identify bottlenecks, wait times, and other sources of delays within the process. Process cycle time reductions, coupled with improvements in yield, have made SPC a valuable tool from both a cost-reduction and a customer fulfillment outlook.

Statistical process control was pioneered by Walter A. Shewhart in the early 1920s. Shewhart created the basis for the control chart and the concept of a state of "statistical control" by carefully designed experiments. While Dr. Shewhart drew from pure mathematical statistical theories, he understood that data from physical processes seldom produces a "normal distribution curve" (a Gaussian distribution, also commonly referred to as a "bell curve"). He discovered how the observed variation in manufacturing data did not always behave the same way as data in nature (for example, Brownian motion of particles). Dr. Shewhart concluded that while every process displays variation, some processes display controlled variation that is natural to the process (common causes of variation), while others display uncontrolled variation that is not present in the process causal system at all times (special causes of variation). Uncontrolled variation is often associated with defective products, providing a data-driven means to identify problems and improve quality.

W. Edwards Deming later applied SPC methods in the U.S. during World War II, thereby successfully improving quality in the manufacture of munitions and other strategically important products. After the war ended, he was instrumental in introducing SPC methods to Japanese industry. Deming's approach of using SPC with related management practices came to be known as a quality management system.

The following description relates to manufacturing rather than to the service industry, although the principles of SPC can be successfully applied to either. For a description and example of how SPC applies to a service environment, refer to Roberts (2005). Selden describes how to use SPC in the fields of sales, marketing, and customer service, using Deming's famous Red Bead Experiment as an easy to follow demonstration.

In mass-manufacturing, the quality of the finished article was traditionally achieved through post-manufacturing inspection of the product; accepting or rejecting each article (or samples from a production lot) based on how well it met its design specifications. In contrast, Statistical Process Control uses statistical tools to observe the performance of the production process in order to predict significant deviations that may later result in rejected product.

Two kinds of variation occur in all manufacturing processes: both these types of process variation cause subsequent variation in the final product. The first is known as natural or common cause variation and consists of the variation inherent in the process as it is designed. Common cause variation may include variations in temperature, properties of raw materials, strength of an electrical current etc. The second kind of variation is known as special cause variation, or assignable-cause variation, and happens less frequently than the first. With sufficient investigation, a specific cause, such as abnormal raw material or incorrect set-up parameters, can be found for special cause variations.

For example, a breakfast cereal packaging line may be designed to fill each cereal box with 500 grams of product, but some boxes will have slightly more than 500 grams, and some will have slightly less, in accordance with a distribution of net weights. If the production process, its inputs, or its environment changes (for example, the machines doing the manufacture begin to wear) this distribution can change. For example, as its cams and pulleys wear out, the cereal filling machine may start putting more cereal into each box than specified. If this change is allowed to continue unchecked, more and more product will be produced that fall outside the tolerances of the manufacturer or consumer, resulting in waste. While in this case, the waste is in the form of "free" product for the consumer, typically waste consists of rework or scrap.

By watching at the right time what happened in the process that led to a change, the quality engineer or any member of the team responsible for the production line can troubleshoot the root cause of the variation that has crept in to the process and correct the problem.

SPC indicates when an action should be taken in a process, but it also indicates when NO action should be taken. An example is a person who would like to maintain a constant body weight and takes weight measurements weekly. A person who does not understand SPC concepts might start dieting every time his or her weight increased, or eat more every time his or her weight decreased. This type of action could be harmful and possibly generate even more variation in body weight. SPC would account for normal weight variation and better indicate when the person is in fact gaining or losing weight.

Statistical Process Control may be broken down into three sets of activities without the minor details: understanding the process; understanding the causes of variation; and elimination of the sources of special cause variation. Key tools in SPC are control charts, a focus on continuous improvement and designed experiments.

In understanding a process, the process is typically shown (with being monitored) control charts. Control charts are used to identify variation that may be due to special causes, and to free the user from concern over variation due to common causes. This is a continuous, ongoing activity. When a process is stable and does not trigger any of the detection rules for a control chart, a process-capability analysis may also be performed to predict the ability of the current process to produce conforming (i.e. within specification) product in the future.

When excessive variation is identified by the control-chart detection rules, or the process capability is found lacking, additional effort is exerted to determine causes of that variance. The tools used include Ishikawa diagrams, designed experiments and Pareto charts. Designed experiments are critical to this phase of SPC, as they are the only means of objectively quantifying the relative importance of the many potential causes of variation.

Once the causes of variation have been quantified, effort is spent in eliminating those causes that are both statistically and practically significant (i.e. a cause that has only a small but statistically significant effect may not be considered cost-effective to fix; however, a cause that is not statistically significant can never be considered practically significant). Generally, this includes development of standard work, error-proofing and training. Additional process changes may be required to reduce variation or align the process with the desired target, especially if there is a problem with process capability.

In 1989, the Software Engineering Institute introduced the notion that SPC can be usefully applied to non-manufacturing processes, such as software-engineering processes, in the Capability Maturity Model (CMM). This idea exists today within the Level 4 and Level 5 practices of the Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI). However, this notion that SPC is a useful tool when applied to non-repetitive, knowledge-intensive processes, such as engineering processes, has encountered much skepticism, and remains controversial today. The problem lies in numerous areas of software which are not repetitive, but instead are one-time or one-off aspects of quality, rather than being observed for repeated performance over a long-term view.




Consultant

A consultant (from the Latin "consultare" meaning "to discuss" also the basis of words such as "consul" and "counsel") is a professional who provides expert advice in a particular area of expertise. Various consultants offer advice in management, accountancy, the environment, entertainment, technology, law (tax law, in particular), human resources, marketing, emergency management, food production, medicine, finance, statistics, software, life management, economics, public affairs, communication, engineering, sound system design, graphic design, or waste management.

A consultant is usually an expert or a professional, in a specific field, who also has a wide knowledge of the subject matter. A consultant usually works for a consultancy firm or is self-employed, and engages with multiple and changing clients. Thus, clients have access to deeper levels of expertise than would be feasible for them to retain in-house, and may purchase only as much service from the outside consultant as desired.

'Consultant' is also the term used to denote the most senior medical position in the United Kingdom, Australia and Ireland (e.g., a consultant surgeon).

Some consultants are employed by a consult staffing company, a company that provides consultants to clients. This is particularly common in the technology sector. Consultants are often called contractors in the technology sector in reference to their employment contract.

Strategy consultants are common in upper management in many industries. There are also independent consultants who act as interim executives with decision-making power under corporate policies or statutes. They may sit on specially constituted boards or committees.

Consultants work at client places on behalf of a consultancy or Billing company.

The Lesser Polish Way of Saint James

The Lesser Polish Way of Saint James is a popular pilgrimage route in Eastern Europe. This route was created in Poland. It starts in the city of Sandomierz, and end sin the city of Krakow. It began in medieval times when many pilgrims travelled through Europe to Santiago de Compostela. The other places on The Lesser Polish Way are: Klimontów, Szczaworyż, Wiślica, and Więcławice.


Carnarvon, Western Australia

Carnarvon is a coastal town about 900 kilometres north of Perth, Western Australia. It is at the mouth of the Gascoyne River on the Indian Ocean. The popular Shark Bay World Heritage Site lies to the south of the town. In 2006, there were 5,283 people living in Carnarvon.

The town began in 1883, as a port and supply centre for the surrounding region. It is the administrative centre for the Shire of Carnarvon, the town site was officially listed on 4 June 1891. It was named after Henry Herbert, 4th Earl of Carnarvon, Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies.

Carnarvon has had three tramways.

Carnarvon has a warm to hot dry climate. Average yearly rainfall is with the rainiest months being in May and June. Occasionally tropical cyclones will influence Carnarvon and bring very heavy rain, high temperatures and strong winds. Apart from possible cyclones, summers are usually dry. Temperatures range from an average maximum of in February to in July. Average minimums are and respectively.

Main industries of the area include:


During the 1960s, NASA set up the Carnarvon Tracking Station to support the Gemini and Apollo space program. The tracking station was closed in the mid 1970s. Only the foundations of this historical site remain.

Radio Australia had a shortwave relay station (built during the 1970s) that used to relay programming to Europe, South Asia and South East Asia.

There are five schools in the town, three government-run and two independent. These schools are: St Mary's Star of the Sea Catholic School which was built in 1906, Carnarvon Senior High School, East Carnarvon Primary School, Carnarvon Primary School, Carnarvon Christian School and Carnarvon School of the Air.

In 1964 and 1965, 12 rockets were launched from Carnarvon to a maximum altitude of .

On 20 May 1988, the bulk carrier "Korean Star" ran aground in bad weather near Cape Cuvier, within the port limits of Carnarvon. Around 600 tonnes of fuel oil were spilled into the ocean. Damage was limited to of remote beaches and coastline. The ship was left grounded, however very little of the wreck remains to be seen.


Postcodes in Australia

Postcodes are used in Australia to sort and send mail to the correct address. All postcodes in Australia have four numerals and are placed at the end of the address. Australian postcodes are managed by Australia Post.

Postcodes are published in small books that can be collected from your nearest post offices, or online at the Australia Post website.

On envelopes and postcards there are often four square boxes printed in orange ink at the bottom right for the postcode numerals. These are used when addressing mail by hand.

Postcodes were started in Australia in 1967 by the Postmaster-General's Department (PMG), now called Australia Post. They replaced earlier postal sorting systems, such as Melbourne's letter and number codes (e.g., "N3", "E5") and a similar system once used in rural and regional New South Wales.

Australian Postcodes are four digits, and written after the name of the city, suburb, or town, and the state or territory:

When writing an address by hand, a row of four boxes (pre-printed on the lower right hand corner of many envelopes) is usually used.

Australian postcodes are sorting information. They are often linked with one area (e.g. 6160 belongs only to Fremantle, Western Australia). But sometimes they can be quite complex, especially in country areas (e.g. 2570 belongs to twenty-two towns and suburbs around Camden, New South Wales). The south-western Victoria 3221 postcode of the Geelong Mail Centre also includes twenty places around Geelong with very few people. This means that mail for these places is not fully sorted until it gets to Geelong. Some postcodes cover large populations (e.g., postcode 4350 serving some 100,000 people in the City of Toowoomba), while other postcodes have much smaller populations, even in urban areas. The postcode numbers range from as low as 0200 (for the Australian National University) to 9729 (mail addressed to the Gold Coast City Council).

Some towns and suburbs have two postcodes—one for street deliveries and one for [post office box]es. For instance, a street address in the Sydney suburb of Parramatta would be written like this:

But mail sent to a PO Box in Parramatta would be addressed:

Many big businesses, government departments and other institutions receive large volumes of mail. They can have their own postcode as a Large Volume Receiver ("LVR"), e.g. the Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital has the postcode 4029. More postcode ranges were made available for LVRs in the 1990s.

The first one or two numerals usually show the state or territory to which the postcode belongs

Sometimes near the state and territory borders, Australia Post finds it easier to send mail through a nearby post office that is across the border:

These are postcodes that do not follow the above rule. 

3691

Some or all of the postcodes above may cover two states. For example postcode 2620 covers both a suburb in NSW ("Gundaroo") as well as a suburb in the ACT ("Hume") - the postcode is within the ACT range.

Jervis Bay Territory, once an exclave of the ACT but now a separate territory, is geographically located on the coast of NSW. It is just south of the towns of Vincentia and Huskisson, with which it shares a postcode. Mail to the Jervis Bay Territory is still addressed to the ACT.

The numerals used to show the state on each radio callsign in Australia are the same numerals as the first numerals for postcodes in that state, e.g. "2xx" in New South Wales, "3xx" in Victoria, etc. Radio callsigns pre-date postcodes in Australia by more than 40 years.

Australia's external territories are also included in Australia Post's postcode system. While these territories do not belong to any state, they are addressed as such for mail sorting:

Three scientific bases in Antarctica operated by the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions share a postcode with the isolated sub-Antarctic island of Macquarie Island (part of Tasmania):

Each state's capital city ends with three zeroes, while territorial capital cities end with two zeroes. Capital city postcodes were the lowest postcodes in their state or territory range, before new ranges for LVRs and PO Boxes were made available. The last numeral can usually be changed from "0" to "1" to get the postcode for General Post Office boxes in any capital city (though Perth now uses a different range of postcodes for its GPO Boxes):

While the first numeral of a postcode usually shows the state or territory, the second numeral usually shows a region within the state. However, postcodes with the same second numeral are not always next to each othera. As an example, postcodes in the range 2200–0001 are split between the southern suburbs of Sydney and the Central Coast of New South Wales.

Postcodes with a second numeral of "0" or "1" are almost always located within the metropolitan area of the state's capital city. Postcodes with higher second numerals are usually located in rural and regional areas. Common exceptions are where towns were rural when postcodes were first introduced in 1967, but have since been suburbanised and incorporated into metropolitan areas, e.g. Penrith, New South Wales has the postcode 2750 and Petrie, Queensland has the postcode 4502.

Within each region with the same second numeral, postcodes usually get bigger the further one travels from the state's capital city along major highways and railways. For instance, heading north on the North Coast railway in New South Wales away from Sydney:

Major towns and cities tend to have "0" as the last numeral or last two numerals, e.g. Rockhampton, Queensland has the postcode 4700 and Ballarat, Victoria has the postcode 3350. There are exceptions; the major town of Ipswich, Queensland has the postcode 4305, while Goodna, a suburb of Ipswich, is allocated 4300.

Post Office Preferred envelopes sold in Australia have four boxes in the bottom right corner of the front of the envelope. These boxes or squares, which by Australia Post calls "postcode squares", have the postcode for hand-addressed mail. This is for the purpose of Australia Post's automated mail-sorting equipment, which uses optical character recognition software. Postcode squares were introduced in 1990.

Australia Post says that postcode squares should not be used for machine-addressed mail, or mail going overseas.

Many other organisations now use postcodes. Insurance companies often use postcodes when working out the cost of car and house insurance. The NSW Ministry of Transport uses postcodes to give specific numbers for each bus stop in Greater Sydney. The stop number is five to seven numbers: the first four are the postcode, and the others show the bus stop (sometimes written with a space in between, e.g. "2000 108"). Many companies that produce metropolitan street maps also list the postcodes for each suburb, both in indexes on the maps themselves.

To improve mechanised sorting, each address now has a sorting number which is printed on the letter as an orange coloured barcode. This number might be 12 numbers long. This system enables the post office to place items in delivery order.


Monitoring

To monitor or monitoring generally means to be aware of the state of a system. Below are some examples:

The Medical Journal of Australia

The Medical Journal of Australia is a peer-reviewed medical journal. It is the official journal of the Australian Medical Association and began in 1914. It is published by the Australasian Medical Publishing Company Proprietary Limited (AMPCo). 

The journal publishes editorials, articles, case reports, and letters. The full text of every issue since January 2002 is available on their website.


Statistician

A statistician is someone who works with theoretical or applied statistics. The profession exists in both the private and public sectors. The core of that work is to measure, interpret, and describe some events in the world and spot patterns within them. The field shares much common history with social science, but often with a greater view on complex mathematical methods. Statisticians commonly have higher college degrees or other credentials as proof that they are qualified for the job.

It is common to combine statistical knowledge with expertise in other subjects. The applications are varied. Statisticians apply their knowledge to production, research, finance, medicine, insurance, census-taking, government, etc. They often are employed to support managerial decisions or to supervise quality control in manufacturing. 

According to the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics, as of 2008, there were 22,600 jobs listed as "statistician" in the United States. Of these people, approximately 30% worked for governments (federal, state, or local). Additionally, there are substantial numbers of persons who use statistics in their work but have job titles other than "statistician". The job of statistician is considered a profession. Most statisticians work in offices and have regular working hours and can therefore be considered to be white-collar workers. A lower number of statisticians are self-employed as statistical consultants.

Most employment as a statistician requires a minimum of a masters degree in statistics or a related field. Many professional statisticians have a PhD.

Civilizations have used the work of statisticians for thousands of years. Statistics was employed in ancient Egypt in censuses of population and cattle. Typical work might involve developing a model and sampling plans, analyzing survey results, or making agricultural or econometric forecasts.



Kung Fu Panda 2

Kung Fu Panda 2 (also known as Kung Fu Panda: The Kaboom of Doom) is a 2011 American computer-animated china action comedy movie and the second movie in the series. A sequel to 2008's "Kung Fu Panda", Jack Black again played the main character. In the movie, Po is now the Dragon Warrior, and is fighting with his fellow kung fu masters, the Furious Five: Tigress, Viper, Monkey, Mantis and Crane. They go on a quest in Gong-men City to stop Lord Shen, an evil albino peacock from using a weapon to destroy kung fu. The film is directed by Jennifer Yuh Nelson, who previously worked as a storyboard artist in "Kung Fu Panda". It received critical acclaim and is the highest-grossing movie to be directed by a woman.

Po (voiced by Jack Black) is now the Dragon Warrior and a Kung Fu master protecting the Valley of Peace together with his friends, the Furious Five, but must now find inner peace. Master Shifu (voiced by Dustin Hoffman) then sends him on a journey with the Furious Five to Gongmen City and stop Lord Shen (voiced by Gary Oldman), an evil albino peacock who has made a new weapon that can stop Kung Fu. Po has trouble on his journey because he's worried about what happened to his real parents. An old soothsayer (voiced by Michelle Yeoh) helps Po remember that his parents sent Po away as a baby to protect him when their village was attacked by Lord Shen many years ago because Shen learned he would be defeated by Po, the foretold warrior of black and white. Now knowing where he came from, Po finds inner peace, destroys Shen's cannons by throwing the cannonballs back at them, defeats Shen (who also gets killed and crushed by his own cannon), and accepts Mr. Ping (voiced by James Hong) as his dad.



"Kung Fu Panda 2" was acclaimed by critics. It holds a rating of 85% in Rotten Tomatoes and a rating of 7 out of 10. The consensus is "the story arc may seen a tad familiar to fans of the original, but "Kung Fu Panda 2" offers enough action, comedy and visual sparkle to compensate". Just like in the original film, the animation, voice acting and character development were praised.

The film became a box office success. It grossed $667,692,281 on a $150 million budget. It is the highest grossing animated film of 2011, the 9th highest grossing animated film ever released, the 53rd highest-grossing film of all time and the 6th highest-grossing film of 2011. It is also the highest grossing animated film directed by a woman (Jennifer Yuh Nelson).

Kung Fu Panda 2 is the soundtrack of the film of the same, scored by Hans Zimmer and John Powell and released on May 24, 2011. Just like the movie, the soundtrack received positive reviews from music critics.


After the success of "Kung Fu Panda 2", DreamWorks Animation confirmed that there will be 6 movies in the franchise. "Kung Fu Panda 3" is confirmed to be released in 2016, with Jennifer Yuh Nelson returning to direct and Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger returning to write the script. The original cast will return in the movie, and "Kung Fu Panda 3" will be the first American animated movie to ever be co-produced by a Chinese firm.

Christian Klien

Christian Klien (born 7 February 1983 in Hohenems, Vorarlberg) is an Austrian Formula One racing driver. In total he has scored 14 points in Formula One.

Klien started his motorsport career in his early teens. He raced in karting championships in both Austria and Switzerland. He moved up to Formula BMW. He won several titles in lower Formula series. Klien moved into Formula One in . He drove for the Jaguar Racing team, alongside Mark Webber. At the end of 2004, Jaguar sold its Formula One team to Red Bull. The team was renamed "Red Bull Racing". Klien shared a race seat with Italian Vitantonio Liuzzi. He stayed at Red Bull for season. 

In , Klien was replaced by Mark Webber. He was the test driver for Honda. For and , he was the reserve and test driver for BMW Sauber.

In , Klien moved to become the test driver for HRT. For the Singapore Grand Prix Kling replaced Sakon Yamamoto. HRT reported that Yamamoto was sick from food posining. For the Brazilian Grand Prix, HRT announced that Klien would race in place of Yamamoto. No reason was given.

 Season in progress

 Season in progress.


Doabi dialect

Doabi, which means "the land between two rivers", is one of the Punjabi dialects spoken in Indian Punjab. This dialects is spoken between the rivers of Beas and Sutlej. It includes the districts of Jalandhar, Hoshiarpur, Kapurthala and Nawanshahr (now known Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar).

Alan Rickman

Alan Sidney Patrick Rickman (21 February 1946 – 14 January 2016) was an English actor and theatre director. He was a well known stage actor in modern and classical productions and he used to be a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company. Rickman was known for being in movies.

Rickman was born on 21 February 1946 in Acton, London. He studied in London at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. Rickman married his partner of 50 years, Rima Horton, in 2012. He lived in London and in Los Angeles, California.

Rickman died in a hospital in London from pancreatic cancer on 14 January 2016 at the age of 69. He was cremated in the West London Crematorium in Kensal Green on February 3, 2016. His widow, Rima Horton, kept his ashes.


In "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone", Rickman portrays Severus Snape, a cold and angry professor in Hogwarts who hates Harry. This is because Severus hated James Potter, Harry's father, because James and his best friend Sirius bullied him when they were both in Hogwarts in their younger years and he sees qualities of his father in Harry. Another reason he hated Harry's father is because he loved a girl called Lily who James took and later becomes Harry's mother. However, in "Deathly Hallows Part 2," it is revealed that Snape is in fact a hero. He sacrifices himself to save the wizarding world. Harry recognizes this and names a child after him in honor of his bravery.


Aram Khachaturian

Aram Ilyich Khachaturian (, in Tiflis – 1 May 1978 in Moscow) was a significant Soviet-Armenian composer. He studied the cello in the 1920s and went to the Moscow Conservatory in 1929. He composed several symphonies and a ballet called Gayane. His music was largely influenced by the folk music of Armenia. His most popular piece, the "Sabre Dance" from "Gayane", has been used extensively in popular culture and has been covered by a number of musicians worldwide.

Stanford prison experiment

The Stanford Prison Experiment (SPE) was a psychology experiment to see the effects of becoming a prisoner or a prison guard on human behaviour and psychology. The experiment ran from 15-21 August 1971, led by Dr Philip Zimbardo at Stanford University. In the experiment, 24 student volunteers were assigned to be either a ‘guard’ or a ‘prisoner’ in a fake prison at the flip of a coin, and Zimbardo was the . They were paid 15$ a day. The experiment was intended to run for 2 weeks, but some of the guards quickly became authoritarian and began psychologically torturing the prisoners, and the experiment had to be stopped after only 6 days. 5 prisoners left the experiment early, after having severe psychological stress. Zimbardo concluded that certain situations can cause good people to behave in a way that they normally would not have predicted. 

The Stanford Prison Experiment is used in many introductory psychology textbooks to show the impact of power and authority on human behaviour. The experiment is controversial for a few reasons: , which causes the participants to behave in the way they think the researcher wants them to behave. There are other ethical issues with the SPE, and Zimbardo has been criticised for interpreting the results to fit his previous expectations. 

The experiment also had certain problems:

Zimbardo and his colleagues made an advert in the Palo Alto City newspaper for a study of the psychological effects of prison life on college students. The participants were to be paid 15$ a day. They did psychological tests and interviews to make sure that the participants were psychologically healthy, with no history of crime or drug abuse or any medical disabilities. The 24 participants were randomly assigned to either be a ‘guard’ or a ‘prisoner’ based on a coin flip. 

They made the fake prison in the basement of the Stanford Psychology Department building. There was a closet which they called ‘the hole’, which served as solitary confinement. There were no windows or clocks, which meant the 'prisoners' had time-altering experiences. Three 'prisoners' were in each of the three cells (offices). 

The ‘prisoners’ were arrested and held in the detention cells of the Palo Alto Police Department, then escorted to the ‘Stanford County Jail’. Upon arrival, they were stripped naked, deloused, and given a uniform. The uniform was a dress with no underclothes, a chain around their ankle, stocking caps to mimic a prisoner’s shaved head, and they were each assigned a prison number which became their new 'name'. The 'guards' had a uniform of khaki, a baton, reflective sunglasses (to make them more anonymous), and a whistle around their neck.

The 'guards' worked on eight hour shifts, with three 'guards' working at any one time. The 'prisoners' had to perform 'counts' several times a day and night, where they had to call their prison number out loud, to enforce the feeling of authority from the guards. The experiment was intended to run for two weeks, but after 6 days had to be abandoned because the guards became more abusive towards the prisoners.

The SPE has been criticised for having strong , which is where participants act the way they think the researchers want them to act. In an experiment to test the extent of the demand characteristics in the SPE, Banauzzi and Mohavedi asked 150 students to predict the results of the SPE, and 89.9% predicted that the 'guards' would act in an oppressive, hostile nature towards the 'prisoners'. So, the participants in the experiment could also have predicted how they were supposed to act, and act in this way, to please the researchers. 

In his book, , Zimbardo explained that he told the participants how they were supposed to behave:We can create boredom. We can create a sense of frustration. We can create fear in them, to some degree. We can create a notion of the arbitrariness that governs their lives, which are totally controlled by us, by the system, by you, me.…They’ll have no privacy at all, there will be constant surveillance—nothing they do will go unobserved. They will have no freedom of action. They will be able to do nothing and say nothing that we don’t permit. We’re going to take away their individuality in various ways.…In general, what all this should create in them is a sense of powerlessness. We have total power in the situation. They have none. (pp. 55)The fact that Zimbardo was both the head researcher and the prison superintendent added to the demand characteristics because the 'guards' wanted to please the 'superintendent', and the overlap between the superintendent and the head psychologist means the participants would have have followed demand characteristics more strongly.

Peter Gray publicly stated why he hasn’t included the SPE in his introductory psychology textbooks, explaining that by remaining silent when the guards abused the prisoners, Zimbardo was approving of their methods of intimidation. And the guards who were less assertive were instructed to be ‘tougher’- For example, Warden Jaffe (one of Zimbardo’s student research associates) said to one of the ‘nicer’ guards,“The guards have to know that every guard has to be what we call a ‘tough guard.’ The success of this experiment rides on the behavior of the guards to make it seem as realistic as possible” (pp. 65)There was direct instruction to behave more assertively, and approval of the behaviour of the 'tough guards'. 

About a third of the guards became , authoritarian guards. 2/3 of the 11 guards acted in a humane way, which critics argue goes against Zimbardo's interpretation of the results that good people can turn evil in the right environment.

There has been a lot of interest for the events in the media. At least the following movies were made:

Wonderwall

Wonderwall may mean one of the following:


Alvin and the Chipmunks

Alvin and the Chipmunks is an American animated music group. It was created by Ross Bagdasarian, Sr. in 1958. The group is made up of three animated chipmunks who sing and talk. They are Alvin, Simon and Theodore. The trio is managed by a fictional man named Dave Seville, who adopted the chipmunks. In reality, "David Seville" was Bagdasarian's stage name, and the chipmunks themselves are named after the executives of their original record label. The characters became a success, and were recreated in animated cartoons and eventually movies.

The voices of the group were all done by Bagdasarian. He recorded his voice and then sped up the playback to create high-pitched voices. It was so unusual and well-done that it earned the record two Grammy Awards for musical engineering. Bagdasarian, performing as the Chipmunks, released a long series of albums and singles. Bagdasarian died in 1972. The characters were revived in the 1980s and 1990s, with the voices being performed by Ross Bagdasarian, Jr. and his wife Janice Karman.

A computer-animated movie based on the characters was released in 2007, called "Alvin and the Chipmunks". It had three sequels: , and . The actors Justin Long, Matthew Gray Gubler and Jesse McCartney performed the talking voices of the Chipmunks. Bagdasarian, Jr. and Karman performed the singing voices for Alvin, Theodore and the Chipettes, but Steve Vining does Simon's singing voice. The project has earned five Grammy Awards, an American Music Award, a Golden Reel Award, and three Kids' Choice Awards, and has been nominated for three Emmy awards.





Alvin and the Chipmunks (movie series)

The fictional animated singing group Alvin and the Chipmunks created by Ross Bagdasarian have appeared in eight feature-length movies since their debut.

In a tree farm, three musically inclined chipmunks, Alvin (Justin Long), the mischievous troublemaker, Simon (Matthew Gray Gubler), the smart one in the trio, and Theodore (Jesse McCartney) the chubby sweethearted chipmunk, find their tree cut down and are transported to Los Angeles. Once there, they meet frustrated songwriter David Seville (Jason Lee), and despite a poor house-wrecking first impression, they impress him with their singing talent. Seeing the opportunity for success, both human and chipmunks make a pact for them to sing his songs. While that ambition proves a frustrating struggle with the difficult trio, the dream does come true after all. However, that success presents its own trials as their unscrupulous record executive, Ian Hawke (David Cross), plans to break up this family to exploit the boys. Can Dave and the Chipmunks discover what they really value amid the superficial glamour around them?

Pop sensations Alvin (Justin Long), Simon (Matthew Gray Gubler) and Theodore (Jesse McCartney) end up in the care of Dave Seville (Jason Lee)'s twenty-something cousin Toby (Zachary Levi). The boys must put aside music super stardom to return to school, and are tasked with saving the school's music program by winning the $25,000 prize in a battle of the bands. But the Chipmunks unexpectedly meet their match in three singing chipmunks known as The Chipettes—Brittany (Christina Applegate), Jeanette (Anna Faris) and Eleanor (Amy Poehler). Romantic and musical sparks are ignited when the Chipmunks and Chipettes square off.

Dave (Jason Lee), the Chipmunks, and the Chipettes enjoy fun and mischief on a luxury cruise before their seafaring vacation takes an unexpected detour to an uncharted island. Now, the harder Alvin (Justin Long) and friends search for a way back to civilization, the more obvious it becomes that they aren't alone on this secluded island paradise.

Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin (Justin Long), Simon (Matthew Gray Gubler) and Theodore (Jesse McCartney) come to believe that Dave (Jason Lee) is going to propose to his new girlfriend in Miami...and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal, saving themselves not only from losing Dave but possibly from gaining a terrible stepbrother.

Acanthaceae

Acanthaceae is one of 23 families in the mint order of flowering plants containing approximately 230 genera and nearly 3,500 species distributed predominantly in tropical and subtropical regions of the world. The greater part of the Acanthaceae family are herbs or shrubs, but climbers (vines) and trees occur as well. The range of habitats extends from marshes to extremely dry situations, but most of these plants are found in damp tropical forests.

Gesneriaceae

Gesneriaceae is a one of 23 families in the order Lamiales of flowering plant, consisting of 147 genera and about 3,200 species of mostly tropical and subtropical herbaceous or slightly woody plants. Many are of economic importance as horticultural ornamentals. Among these are the African violets and gloxinias.

Novella

A novella is a book shorter than a novel, but longer than a short story. Sometimes it is also called a novellette.


Bignoniaceae

Bignoniaceae or the Trumpet creeper or catalpa family of the mint order of flowering plants. It contains about 112 genera and more than 725 species of trees, shrubs, and, most commonly, vines, chiefly of tropical America, tropical Africa, and the Indo-Malayan region. They form an important part of the tropical forest vegetation because of the numerous climbing vines. A few are found in temperate regions, notably the catalpa tree ("Catalpa"), the trumpet creeper ("Campsis"), and the cross vine ("Bignonia").

Super Aguri F1

Super Aguri F1 was a Formula One racing team that competed from to . The team was founded by former F1 driver Aguri Suzuki. They were based in Tokyo, Japan. They operated from the former Arrows factory in Leafield, UK. The cars were called Super Aguri-Honda because they used Honda engines. The team was, to some degree, an unofficial Honda second-team. In Japan, public pressure convinced Honda to help its former driver Takuma Sato to continue in Formula One. This lead to the start of Super Aguri F1, and the engine supply from Honda. The team competed two full years, and part of the third year. After four races in the season, the team withdrew due to financial problems.

The team started in September 2005. on 1 November 2005, the team told the FIA its wanted to enter the Formula One World Championship. The FIA did not approved Super Aguri's entry. It was reported that the team failed to give the required $48 million entry bond on time. Super Aguri applied for entry again in 2006. Because they missed the initial registration, the team needed the existing ten teams to agree to its entry. The other teams gave the required unanimous agreement. Super Aguri was confirmed by the FIA on 26 January 2006.

In 2006, the chassis, Super Aguri SA05, was based on the 2002 Arrows A23. The Arrows chassis was bought from ex-Minardi principal Paul Stoddart.Stoddart had bought them when the Arrows team went bankrupt. Super Aguri updated their old chassis to become the Super Aguri SA06. They were used from the German Grand Prix to the end of the year.

Takuma Sato and Yuji Ide were the initial race drivers for the team in the 2006 season. Franck Montagny as the third driver. On 4 May, after four races, the team announced that Montagny would be replacing Ide as race driver. Ide's Super Licence had been revoked after a clash with Christijan Albers.

For , Super Aguri announced Takuma Sato and Anthony Davidson would be driving for the team.

When the new SA07 car was first tested by the FIA, it failed the crash test. It was less than 48 hours before the first practice session for the Australian Grand Prix that the SA07 chassis was ready. At the Spanish Grand Prix the team scored its first point. Takuma Sato finished in 8th place. At the Canadian Grand Prix, the team scored its highest finish. Sato finishing in sixth place and earned three points.

For , Super Aguri kept their drivers Takuma Sato and Anthony Davidson following the acquisition of an unspecified portion of the team by the Magma Group became a part owner of the team. The team did not attend the final pre-season tests. Not all the parts had arrived. Magma canceled their proposed purchase, leaving Super Aguri's future in doubt. Super Aguri's equipment was denied entry to Istanbul Park for the Turkish Grand Prix. Honda Racing's CEO Nick Fry reportedly told the race organizers that Super Aguri would not be taking part. On 6 May 2008, team founder and principal Aguri Suzuki announced that they were withdrawing from the 2008 World Championship due to financial problems. He said the breach of contract by "SS United Group Oil & Gas Company" resulting in the loss of financial backing. The team was in financial difficulties.

A team of corporate recovery partners were appointed to seek a buyer for Super Aguri. The team's assets were bought by a German businessman named Franz Hilmer. Hilmer unsuccessfully to enter the season under the Brabham name.

 Team withdrew from championship after race 4. They did not field any drivers or cars in any further races that season.


Polite society

Polite society, often shortened to society, is a euphemism for the upper class.

It can also refer to:


Compromise

To compromise is to make a deal where one person gives up part of his or her demand. In arguments, "compromise" is a concept of finding agreement through communication, through a mutual acceptance of terms, while often involving variations from an original goal or desire. 
Extremism is often considered as antonym to compromise, which, depending on context, may be associated with concepts of balance or tolerance. In the negative connotation, compromise may be referred to as "capitulation", referring to a "surrender" of objectives, principles, or material, in the process of negotiating an agreement. In human relationships, "compromise" is frequently said to be an agreement that no party is happy with, this is because the parties involved often feel that they either gave away too much or that they received too little.
From cultural background and influences, the meaning and perception of the word "compromise" may be different: In the UK, Ireland and Commonwealth countries, the word "compromise" has a positive meaning (as a consent, an agreement where both parties win something); in the U.S., it can have rather negative connotations, as in "compromising principles" as a sell-out of basic beliefs.

Defining and finding the best possible compromise is an important problem in fields like game theory and the voting system.

Research has indicated that less-than-optimal compromises are often the result of negotiators failing to realize when they have interests that are completely compatible with those of the other party, and hence, they settle for suboptimal agreements. Mutually-better outcomes can often be found by careful study of both parties' interests, especially if done early in negotiations. 

Visionary

Defined broadly, a visionary, is one who can envision the future. For some groups, this can involve the supernatural or use of mind-altering drugs.

A visionary state can be achieved via meditation, drugs, lucid dreams, daydreams, or art. One example is Hildegard of Bingen, a 12th century artist/visionary and Catholic saint. Other visionaries in religion are Mohammed (who had a vision of and communed with the Angel Gabriel), St. Bernadette (who had a vision of contact with the Blessed Virgin), and Joseph Smith (who had a vision of contact with the Angel Moroni).

A "vision" can be political, religious, environmental, social, or technological in nature. By extension, a "visionary" can also be a person with a clear, distinctive and specific (in some details) vision of the future, usually connected with advances in technology or social/political arrangements. For example, Ted Nelson or U.S. Vice President Al Gore is referred to as a visionary in connection with the Internet.

Other visionaries simply imagine what does not yet exist but might some day, as some forms of "visioning" (or gazing) can provide a glimpse into the possible future. Therefore, visioning can mean seeing in a utopian way what does not yet exist on earth, but might exist in another realm, such as the ideal or perfect realm as imagined or thought. Examples are Buckminster Fuller in architecture and design, and some of the pioneers of personal computing such as Steve Wozniak. Some people use mathematics to make visionary discoveries in the nature of the universe. In that sense, a visionary may also function as a secular prophet. Some visionaries emphasize communication, and some assume a figurehead role in organizing a social group.

Artists may produce work loosely categorized as visionary art for its luminous content and/or for its use of artistic techniques that call for the use of extended powers of perception in the viewer: (e.g. Gustave Moreau, Samuel Palmer, Jean Delville, Ernst Fuchs, the French Symbolist Odilon Redon, Brion Gysin, Max Ernst, Stanley Spencer, Edward Burne Jones, Adolf Wolfli, Fred Sandback, William Blake, Hieronymus Bosch, and Henry Darger).

Visionary art can be incorrectly defined as a category of primitive art (art of those not formally trained) rather than describing people who have used their visions (or dreams) to create their paintings. Salvador Dali is one artist who would exemplify visionary art that is neither religious nor primitive.


Ted Nelson

Theodor Holm Nelson (Ted Nelson, born 1937) is an American sociologist, philosopher, and pioneer of information technology. He coined the terms "hypertext" and "hypermedia" in 1963 and published it in 1965. He also is credited with first use of the words "transclusion", "virtuality", "intertwingularity" and "teledildonics". The main thrust of his work has been to make computers easily accessible to ordinary people. His motto is: "A user interface should be so simple that a beginner in an emergency can understand it within ten seconds." However, he is known for inventing many new words (neologisms) which few other people understand (such as "intertwingularity"), and his remarks contain humor to entertain rather than just inform. Consequently, some of his ideas have been met with negative reactions.

From a pessimist viewpoint, Ted Nelson promotes four maxims: "most people are fools, most authority is malignant, God does not exist, and everything is wrong".

Nelson started Project Xanadu in 1960. He wanted to create a new computer network that was easy to use and easy to understand. He wrote about the project in his books "Computer Lib/Dream Machines" (1974) and "Literary Machines" (1981). He has spent much of his adult life working on Project Xanadu and telling people about its benefits.

The Xanadu project was not very successful. There were many reasons, but not everyone agrees why the project did not go well. Journalist Gary Wolf published an unflattering history, "The Curse of Xanadu", on Nelson and his project in the June 1995 issue of "Wired". Nelson expressed his disgust on his website, referring to Wolf as a "Gory Jackal", and threatened to sue him. He also outlined his objections in a letter to "Wired", and released a detailed rebuttal of the article.

Nelson says that Tim Berners-Lee made some ideas from Xanadu become true by inventing the World Wide Web. But, Nelson dislikes the World Wide Web, XML, and all embedded markup. Nelson thinks that Berners-Lee's work is a much too simple way of doing his original plan:

HTML is precisely what we were trying to PREVENT– ever-breaking links, links going outward only, quotes you can't follow to their origins, no version management, no rights management. – Ted Nelson (Ted Nelson one-liners )
Nelson co-founded Itty bitty machine company, or "IBM", which was a small computer retail store operating from 1977 to 1980 in Evanston, Illinois. The Itty bitty machine company was one of the few retail stores to sell the original Apple I computer. In 1978 he had a significant impact upon IBM's thinking when he outlined his vision of the potential of personal computing to the team that three years later launched the IBM PC.

Ted Nelson is currently working on a new information structure, ZigZag. More information about ZigZag is on the Xanadu project website. That website also has two versions of the Xanadu code that visitors can download. He is also currently developing XanaduSpace - a system for the exploration of connected parallel documents (an early version of this software may be freely downloaded from . He is a visiting fellow at Oxford University - based at the Oxford Internet Institute - where he works in the fields of information, computers, and human-machine interfaces.

Nelson earned a Bachelor's degree in philosophy from Swarthmore College in 1959, a Master's degree in sociology from Harvard University in 1963 and a Doctorate in Media and Governance from Keio University in 2002.

In 1998, at the Seventh WWW Conference in Brisbane, Australia, Ted Nelson was awarded the Yuri Rubinsky Memorial Award. He told the audience that it was the first award that he had ever received for his work.

In 2001 he was knighted by France as "Officier des Arts et Lettres". In 2004 he was appointed as a Fellow of Wadham College, Oxford, and associated with the Oxford Internet Institute, where he is currently conducting his research.

In 2007 he celebrated his 70th birthday by giving an invited birthday lecture at the University of Southampton.

He is the son of the late Emmy Award-winning director Ralph Nelson and the Academy Award-winning actress Celeste Holm.

His parents' marriage was brief, and he was mostly raised by his grandparents in Greenwich Village, with relatively little contact with his parents. He is partly of Norwegian descent.

The anime "Serial Experiments Lain" cites Project Xanadu as a precursor to The Wired (a fictional internet-like communications network and augmented reality system) and mentions Nelson as the originator of hypertext.

"Populitism" ("pop-u-leet-ism") is another neologism coined by Nelson, as a combination of the word "populism" with "elite". It refers to treating the general populace with the privileges of elitism. The word suggests the society-of-text envisioned by theorists like Shoshana Zuboff and Jay David Bolter, a writing space in which traces of authority persist only as local and contingent effects, the social equivalent of the deconstructed author-function. A "populite" culture might mark the first step toward realization of Jean-Francois Lyotard's "game of perfect information" where all have equal access to the world of data, and where "[g]iven equal competence (no longer in the acquisition of knowledge, but in its production), what extra performativity depends on in the final analysis is 'imagination,' which allows one either to make a new move or change the rules of the game." This is the utopia of information-in-process, the ultimate wetware dream of the clerisy: discourse converted with 100 percent efficiency into capital, the mechanism of that magical process being nomology or rule-making—admittedly a rather specialized form of "imagination."



Gunnysacking

Gunnysacking is a metaphor, used in conflict resolution, which involves the act of "storing up" grievances acquired in the course of a relationship, rather than resolve them when they first occurred. The word is based on the idea of using a gunny sack (burlap bag) storing a number of items.

A typical example might occur in a marriage facing occasional difficulty. Partners may have small grievances or annoyances, which by themselves are not critical. However, over time one partner gets less happy and more annoyed. Then some incident occurs, and a full-blown argument follows. By analogy, this is the gunny sack bursting, with an 'overblown reaction'.

The term may also refer to bringing up past grievances when trying to resolve some present problem in a relationship. In which case, gunnysacking (as a tactic) has the dual effect of raising additional problems (in what is typically already a volatile, difficult situation) and presents a side-track obstacle to dealing with the current issues. Additionally, once the practice becomes a familiar pattern used by one person in a relationship, other persons may avoid reporting new issues or problems for the sake of avoiding a repeat of the gunnysacking behavior.

Conflict resolution

Conflict resolution is a set of ideas and ways to reduce sources of conflict. The term "conflict resolution" is sometimes used interchangeably with the term "dispute resolution". The terms "conflict" and "dispute" overlap. As a term, conflict is broader than dispute, more concerned with physical action, and less concerned with verbal arguments.

Processes of conflict resolution generally include negotiation, mediation, and diplomacy. The processes of arbitration, litigation, and formal complaint processes such as ombudsman processes, are usually described with the term dispute resolution, although some refer to them as "conflict resolution".

Conflict resolution as both a professional practice and academic field is highly sensitive to cultural background. In Western cultural contexts, such as Canada and the United States, successful conflict resolution usually involves fostering communication among disputants and problem solving that meet their underlying needs. In these situations, conflict resolvers often talk about finding the "win-win" solution, or mutually satisfying scenario, for everyone involved (see Fisher and Ury (1981), "Getting to Yes"). In many non-Western cultural contexts, such as Afghanistan, Vietnam, and China, it is also important to find "win-win" solutions; however, getting there can be very different. In these contexts, direct communication between disputants that explicitly addresses the issues at stake in the conflict can be perceived as very rude, making the conflict worse and delaying resolution. Rather, it can make sense to involve religious, tribal or community leaders, communicate difficult truths indirectly through a third party, and make suggestions through stories (see David Augsberger (1992), "Conflict Mediation Across Cultures"). Intercultural conflicts are often the most difficult to resolve because the expectations of the disputants can be very different, and there are many possibilities for misunderstanding.

Conflict resolution has also been studied in non-humans, like dogs, cats, monkeys, snakes, elephants, and primates (see Frans de Waal, 2000). Aggression is more common among animal relatives and within a group, than between groups. Instead of creating a distance between the individuals, however, the primates were more intimate in the period after the aggressive incident. These intimacies consisted of grooming and various forms of body contact. Stress responses, like an increased heart rate, usually decrease after these reconciliatory signals. Different types of primates, as well as many other species who are living in groups, show different types of conciliatory behaviour. Resolving conflicts that threaten the interaction between individuals in a group is necessary for survival, so has a strong evolutionary value. These findings contradicted previous existing theories about the general function of aggression, i.e. creating space between individuals (first proposed by Konrad Lorenz), which seems to be more the case in conflicts between groups than it is within groups.

In addition to research in primates, biologists are beginning to explore reconciliation in other animals. Up until recently, the literature dealing with reconciliation in non-primates have consisted of anecdotal observations and very little quantitative data. Although peaceful, post-conflict behavior had been documented going back to the 1960s, it was not until 1993 that Rowell made the first explicit mention of reconciliation in feral sheep. Reconciliation has since been documented in spotted hyenas, lions, dolphins, dwarf mongooses, domestic goats, and domestic dogs.

Conflict resolution is an expanding field of professional practice. The escalating costs of conflict have increased use of third parties who may serve as arbitrators, mediators, facilitators, and ombudsmen or conflict specialists to resolve conflicts. Relief and development organizations have added peace-building specialists to their teams. Many of the major international NGOs have seen a growing need to hire practitioners trained in conflict analysis and resolution. Conflict resolution practitioners work in a variety of settings such as in businesses, court systems, government agencies, nonprofit organizations, and educational institutions.

Universities worldwide offer programs of study pertaining to conflict research, analysis, and practice. The Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations houses the Scheinman Institute on Conflict Resolution, which offers undergraduate, graduate, and professional training on conflict resolution. Graduate programs are offered at Georgetown University, Eastern Mennonite University and Trinity College Dublin. George Mason University’s Institute of Conflict Analysis and Resolution offers undergraduate, certificate and masters programs in Conflict Analysis and Resolution and a Ph.D. program in The Philosophy in Conflict and Conflict Resolution.

Conflict resolution is a growing area of interest in UK pedagogy, with teachers and students both encouraged to learn about mechanisms that lead to aggressive action, and those that lead to peaceful resolution. In many schools in the UK, conflict resolution has now become an integral part of the SEAL (Social and Emotional Aspects of Learning) programme, chiming, as it does, with the SEAL principles of developing social skills and an understanding of ones own feelings.

In India, masters in conflict analysis and peace building is offered by Nelson Mandela Centre for Peace, in Jamia Millia Islamia university in New Delhi.




Bent Larsen

Jørgen Bent Larsen (4 March 1935–9 September 2010) was a Danish chess Grandmaster. He was a six-time Danish champion, and a candidate for the World Chess Championship on four occasions: 1965, 1968, 1971, and 1977. He won three Interzonal tournaments: Amsterdam 1964, Sousse 1967, and Biel 1976. Larsen won several dozen major international tournaments during his career, and was awarded the first Chess Oscar in 1967. At his best he was rated (FIDE rating list) fourth in the world.

Larsen was the strongest chess player born in Denmark, and the strongest Scandinavian until the emergence of Magnus Carlsen. From the early 1970s, he lived for part of the year in Las Palmas, and in Buenos Aires, with his Argentinian-born wife.

Bent represented Denmark six times in Chess Olympiads, always on first board, and compiled an aggregate score of 75/109 (+61 =28 −20), for 68.8%, according to olimpbase.org. He always played a very high number of games, almost all of the rounds, and won three board medals, one gold and two bronze.


The worst result of his career was his 6–0 defeat by Bobby Fischer in the semi-finals of the Candidates matches in 1971. The match was played in Denver, Colorado. Larsen later claimed in a Kasparov.com interview (1998) that his one-sided loss to Fischer was due in part to his condition during the match: "The organizers chose the wrong time for this match. I was languid with the heat and Fischer was better prepared for such exceptional circumstances... I saw chess pieces through a mist and, thus, my level of playing was not good". Fischer was the great player of the day, and went on to beat Spassky in 1972 for the World Championship.



Google Search

Google Search or Google Web Search is a web search engine owned by Google Inc. and is the most-used search engine on the World Wide Web. Google receives several hundred million queries each day through its various services.
The main purpose of Google Search is to hunt for text in webpages, as opposed to other data, such as with Google Image Search. Google search was originally developed by Larry Page and Sergey Brin in 1997, based on earlier search-engine designs.

Google Search provides at least 22 special features beyond the original word-search capability. These include synonyms, weather forecasts, time zones, stock quotes, maps, earthquake data, movie showtimes, airports, home listings, and sports results. ("see below:" Special features). There are special features for numbers, including ranges (70..73), prices, temperatures, money/unit conversions ("10.5 cm in inches"), calculations ( 3*4+sqrt(6)-pi/2 ), package tracking, patents, area codes, and language translation of displayed pages.

The order of search results (ghits for "Google hits") on Google's search-results pages is based, in part, on a priority rank called a "PageRank". Google Search provides many options for customized search ("see below:" Search options), using Boolean operators such as: exclusion ("-xx"), inclusion ("+xx"), alternatives ("xx OR yy"), and wildcard ("x * x").

Google's rise to success was in large part due to a patented algorithm called PageRank that helps rank web pages that match a given search string.
Previous keyword-based methods of ranking search results, used by many search engines that were once more popular than Google, would rank pages by how often the search terms occurred in the page, or how strongly associated the search terms were within each resulting page.
The PageRank algorithm instead analyses human-generated links, assuming that web pages linked from many important pages are themselves likely to be important. The algorithm computes a recursive score for pages, based on the weighted sum of the PageRanks of the pages linking to them. PageRank is thought to correlate well with human concepts of importance.
In addition to PageRank, Google over the years has added many other secret criteria for determining the ranking of pages on result lists, reported to be over 200 different indicators. The details are kept secret due to spammers and in order to maintain an advantage over Google's competitors.

The exact percentage of the total of web pages that Google indexes is not known, as it is very hard to actually calculate.
Google not only indexes and caches web pages but also takes "snapshots" of other file types, which include PDF, Word documents, Excel spreadsheets, Flash SWF, plain text files, and so on. Except in the case of text and SWF files, the cached version is a conversion to (X)HTML, allowing those without the corresponding viewer application to read the file.

Users can customize the search engine, by setting a default language, using the "SafeSearch" filtering technology and set the number of results shown on each page. Google has been criticized for placing long-term cookies on users' machines to store these preferences, a tactic which also enables them to track a user's search terms and retain the data for more than a year. For any query, up to the first 1000 results can be shown with a maximum of 100 displayed per page. The ability to specify the number of results is available only if "Instant Search" is not enabled. If "Instant Search" is enabled, only 10 results are displayed, regardless of this setting.

Despite its immense index, there is also a considerable amount of data available in online databases which are accessible by means of queries but not by links. This so-called invisible or deep Web is minimally covered by Google and other search engines. The deep Web contains library catalogs, official legislative documents of governments, phone books, and other content which is dynamically prepared to respond to a query.

Privacy in some countries forbids the showing of some links. For instance in Switzerland any individual can force Google Inc. to delete a link which contains their name.

Since Google is the most popular search engine, many webmasters have become eager to influence their website's Google rankings. An industry of consultants has arisen to help websites increase their rankings on Google and on other search engines. This field, called search engine optimization, attempts to discern patterns in search engine listings, and then develop a methodology for improving rankings to draw more searchers to their client's sites.

Search engine optimization encompasses both "on page" factors (like body copy, title elements, H1 heading elements and image alt attribute values) and Off Page Optimization factors (like anchor text and PageRank). The general idea is to affect Google's relevance algorithm by incorporating the keywords being targeted in various places "on page", in particular the title element and the body copy (note: the higher up in the page, presumably the better its keyword prominence and thus the ranking). Too many occurrences of the keyword, however, cause the page to look suspect to Google's spam checking algorithms.

Google has published guidelines for website owners who would like to raise their rankings when using legitimate optimization consultants.

Google search consists of a series of localized websites. The largest of those, the google.com site, is the top most-visited website in the world. Some of its features include a definition link for most searches including dictionary words, the number of results you got on your search, links to other searches (e.g. for words that Google believes to be misspelled, it provides a link to the search results using its proposed spelling), and many more.

Google's search engine normally accepts queries as a simple text, and breaks up the user's text into a sequence of search terms, which will usually be words that are to occur in the results, but one can also use Boolean operators, such as: quotations marks (") for a phrase, a prefix such as "+", "-" for qualified terms, or one of several advanced operators, such as "site:". The webpages of "Google Search Basics" describe each of these additional queries and options ("see below:" Search options).

Google's Advanced Search web form gives several additional fields which may be used to qualify searches by such criteria as date of first retrieval. All advanced queries transform to regular queries, usually with additional qualified terms.

Google applies query expansion to the submitted search query, transforming it into the query that will actually be used to retrieve results. As with page ranking, the exact details of the algorithm Google uses are deliberately obscure, but certainly the following transformations are among those that occur:

Google's homepage includes a button labeled "I'm Feeling Lucky". When a user clicks on the button the user will be taken directly to the first search result, bypassing the search engine results page. The thought is that if a user is "feeling lucky", the search engine will return the perfect match the first time without having to page through the search results. According to a study by Tom Chavez of "Rapt", this feature costs Google $110 million a year as 1% of all searches use this feature and bypass all advertising.

On October 30, 2009, for some users, the "I'm Feeling Lucky" button was removed from Google's main page, along with the regular search button. Both buttons were replaced with a field that reads, "This space intentionally left blank." This text faded out when the mouse was moved on the page, and normal search functionality is achieved by filling in the search field with the desired terms and pressing enter. A Google spokesperson explains, "This is just a test, and a way for us to gauge whether our users will like an even simpler search interface." Personalized Google homepages retained both buttons and their normal functions.

On May 21, 2010, the 30th anniversary of Pac-Man, the "I'm Feeling Lucky" button was replaced with a button reading the words "Insert Coin". After pressing the button, the user would begin a Google-themed game of Pac-Man in the area where the Google logo would normally be. Pressing the button a second time would begin a two-player version of the same game that includes Ms. Pacman for player 2. This version can be accessed at http://www.google.com/pacman as a permanent link to the page.

On 12 May 2009, Google announced that they would be parsing the hCard, hReview, and hProduct microformats and using them to populate search result pages with what they called "Rich Snippets".

Besides the main search-engine feature of searching for text, Google Search has more than 22 "special features" (activated by entering any of dozens of "trigger words") when searching:

The webpages maintained by the Google Help Center have text describing more than 15 various search options.
The Google operators:

Some of the query options are as follows:

The page-display options (or query types) are:

Note that Google searches the HTML coding inside a webpage, not the screen appearance: the words displayed on a screen might not be listed in the same order in the HTML coding.

Some searches will give a 403 Forbidden error with the text

"We're sorry...

... but your query looks similar to automated requests from a computer virus or spyware application. To protect our users, we can't process your request right now.

We'll restore your access as quickly as possible, so try again soon. In the meantime, if you suspect that your computer or network has been infected, you might want to run a virus checker or spyware remover to make sure that your systems are free of viruses and other spurious software.

We apologise for the inconvenience, and hope we'll see you again from all of the team here at Google."
sometimes followed by a CAPTCHA prompt.

The screen was first reported in 2005, and was a response to the heavy use of Google by search engine optimization companies to check on ranks of sites they were optimizing. The message is triggered by high volumes of requests from a single IP address. Google apparently uses the Google cookie as part of its determination of refusing service.

In June 2009, after the death of pop superstar Michael Jackson, this message appeared to many internet users who were searching Google for news stories related to the singer, and was assumed by Google to be a DDoS attack, although many queries were submitted by legitimate searchers.

Google flags search results with the message "This site may harm your computer" if the site is known to install malicious software in the background or otherwise surreptitiously. Google does this to protect users against visiting sites that could harm their computers. For approximately 40 minutes on January 31, 2009, "all" search results were mistakenly classified as malware and could therefore not be clicked; instead a warning message was displayed and the user was required to enter the requested URL manually. The bug was caused by human error. The URL of "/" (which expands to all URLs) was mistakenly added to the malware patterns file.

On certain occasions, the logo on Google's webpage will change to a special version, known as a "Google Doodle". Clicking on the Doodle links to a string of Google search results about the topic. The first was a reference to the Burning Man Festival in 1998, and others have been produced for the birthdays of notable people like Albert Einstein, historical events like the interlocking Lego block's 50th anniversary and holidays like Valentine's Day.

In August 2009, Google announced the rollout of a new search architecture, codenamed "Caffeine".
The new architecture was designed to return results faster and to better deal with rapidly updated information from services including Facebook and Twitter.
Google developers noted that most users would notice little immediate change, but invited developers to test the new search in its sandbox.
Differences noted for their impact upon search engine optimization included heavier keyword weighting and the importance of the domain's age.
The move was interpreted in some quarters as a response to Microsoft's recent release of an upgraded version of its own search service, renamed Bing.
Google announced completion of Caffeine on 8 June 2010, claiming 50% fresher results due to continuous updating of its index.
With Caffeine, Google moved its back-end indexing system away from MapReduce and onto BigTable, the company's distributed database platform. Caffeine is also based on Colossus, or GFS2, an overhaul of the GFS distributed file system.

In May 2010 Google rolled out SSL-encrypted web search. The encrypted search can be accessed at: https://encrypted.google.com 

Google Instant, an enhancement that displays suggested results while the user types, was introduced in the United States starting on September 8, 2010. One concern is that people might select one of the suggested results instead of finishing their request, and that such a practice could cause bias toward familiar businesses or other search terms. Pornographic or otherwise offensive search terms are excluded from the suggested results. The instant feature appears only on the basic Google site and not specialized iGoogle pages. Google expects Google Instant to save users 2 to 5 seconds in every search, which they say will be collectively 11 million seconds per hour. Search engine marketing pundits speculated that Google Instant would have a great impact on local and paid search.

In concert with the Google Instant launch, Google disabled the ability of users to choose to see more than 10 search results per page. Instant Search can be disabled via Google's "preferences" menu, but autocomplete-style search suggestions now cannot be disabled. A Google representative stated, "It's in keeping with our vision of a unified Google search experience to make popular, useful features part of the default experience, rather than maintain different versions of Google. As Autocomplete quality has improved, we felt it was appropriate to have it always on for all of our users."

Google is available in many languages and has been localized for many countries.





The interface has also been made available in some languages for humorous purpose:

In addition to the main URL Google.com, Google Inc. owns 160 domain names for each of the countries/regions in which it has been localized. As Google is an American company, the main domain name can be considered as the U.S. one.

Some domain names unregistered by Google are currently squatted, such as "Google.ua" (for Ukraine, where the correct URL is "google.com.ua").

In addition to its tool for searching webpages, Google also provides services for searching images, Usenet newsgroups, news websites, videos, searching by locality, maps, and items for sale online. In 2006, Google has indexed over 25 billion web pages, 400 million queries per day, 1.3 billion images, and over one billion Usenet messages. It also caches much of the content that it indexes. Google operates other tools and services including Google News, Google Suggest, Google Product Search, Google Maps, Google Co-op, Google Earth, Google Docs, Picasa, Panoramio, YouTube, Google Translate, Google Blog Search and Google Desktop Search.

There are also products available from Google that are not directly search-related. Gmail, for example, is a webmail application, but still includes search features; Google Browser Sync does not offer any search facilities, although it aims to organize your browsing time.

Also Google starts many new beta products, like Google Social Search or Google Image Swirl.

In 2017 the USPTO issued Microsoft a patent describing a methodology that could serve as an alternative to Google's Instant Search.

Google claims that a search query requires altogether about 1 kJ or 0.0003 kW·h.




Fade (audio engineering)

In audio engineering, a fade is a gradual increase (fade-in) or decrease (fade-out) in the level of an audio signal. The term can also be used for film cinematography or theatre lighting, in much the same way (see: fade (filmmaking)).

A recorded song may be gradually reduced to silence at its end ("fade-out"), or may gradually increase from silence at the beginning ("fade-in"). For example, the songs "Bitter Sweet Symphony" by The Verve and "Turn to Stone" by Electric Light Orchestra fade in from the beginning, while the songs "Born to Be Wild" by Steppenwolf, "Boogie Oogie Oogie" by A Taste of Honey, and "Hey Jude" by The Beatles fade out. However, "Born to be Wild" and "Boogie Oogie Oogie" fade out in a matter of seconds, whereas "Hey Jude" takes over 2 minutes to completely fade out. "Goodbye Stranger" by Supertramp takes about a minute to fade out. Fading-out can serve as a recording solution for pieces of music that contain no obvious ending.

Though relatively rare, songs can fade out, then fade back in. Some examples of this are "Helter Skelter" by The Beatles, "Suspicious Minds" by Elvis Presley, "Thank You" by Led Zeppelin or "Undercover of the Night" by The Rolling Stones.

The term "fade" It is also employed in multi-speaker audio systems to articulate the distribution of power between front and rear channels.

"Neptune", part of the orchestral suite, "The Planets", by Gustav Holst, was an early piece of music to have a fade-out ending. Holst stipulates that the women's choruses are "to be placed in an adjoining room, the door of which is to be left open until the last bar of the piece, when it is to be slowly and silently closed", and that the final bar (scored for choruses alone) is "to be repeated until the sound is lost in the distance". Although commonplace today, the effect bewitched audiences in the era before widespread recorded sound—after the initial 1918 run-through, Holst's daughter, Imogen (in addition to watching the charwomen dancing in the aisles during "Jupiter") remarked that the ending was "unforgettable, with its hidden chorus of women's voices growing fainter and fainter... until the imagination knew no difference between sound and silence".

The technique of ending a spoken or musical recording by fading out the sound goes back to the earliest days of recording. In the era of mechanical (pre-electrical) recording, this could only be achieved by either moving the sound source away from the recording horn, or by gradually reducing the volume at which the performers were singing, playing or speaking. With the advent of electrical recording, smooth and controllable fadeout effects could be easily achieved by simply reducing the input volume from the microphones using the fader on the mixing desk.

No single recording can be reliably identified as "the first" to use the technique. In 2003, on the (now-defunct) website "Stupid Question" , John Ruch listed the following recordings as possible contenders:

A fader is any device used for fading, especially when it is a knob or button that "slides" along a track or slot. A knob which "rotates" is usually not considered a fader, although it is electrically and functionally equivalent. A fader can be either analogue, directly controlling the resistance or impedance to the source (e.g. a Potentiometer); or digital, numerically controlling a digital signal processor (DSP). Digital faders are also referred to as "virtual" faders, since they can be viewed on the screen of a digital audio workstation. Modern high-end digital mixers often have piezo-electric actuators attached to the faders such that they can be multi-use and will jump to the correct position for the selected function and/or saved setting.

A crossfader on a dj mixer essentially functions like two faders connected side-by-side, but in opposite directions. It allows a DJ to fade one source out while fading another source in at the same time. This is extremely useful when beatmatching two phonograph records or compact discs.

The technique of crossfading is also used in audio engineering as a mixing technique, particularly with instrumental solos. A mix engineer will often record two or more takes of a vocal or instrumental part and create a final version which is a composite of the best passages of these takes by crossfading between each track.

In the perfect case the crossfader would keep constant output level. However, there's no standard how this should be achieved. Many DJ equipment manufacturers offer different mixers for different purposes (e.g. scratching, beatmixing, cut mixing, etc.). High-end mixers often have crossfade curve switches allowing the DJ to select the type of crossfade necessary. Experienced DJs are also able to crossfade between tracks using the channel faders.

There are many software applications that feature virtual crossfaders. For instance, burning-software for the recording of audio-CDs.

On a mixer with auxiliary send mixes, the send mixes are configured pre-fader or post-fader.

If a send mix is configured pre-fader, then changes to the main channel strip fader does not affect the send mix. This is useful for stage monitor mixes where changes in the Front of House channel levels would distract the musicians.

If a send mix is configured post-fader, then the level sent to the send mix follows changes to the main channel strip fader. This is useful for reverberation and other signal processor effects.



Centenary Medal

The Centenary Medal is an award given by the Australian Government in 2001. It was set up to celebrate the Centenary of Federation of Australia and to honour people who have made a contribution to Australian society or government. Possible winners were studied by a group headed by the historian Professor Geoffrey Blainey.

The front of the medal has a seven-pointed Commonwealth Star, for the six Australian states, with the seventh point for Australia's territories. At the centre of the star is an image showing the Indigenous Australian traditions at the heart of the continent. Around the edge are 100 dots for 100 years of federation. The other side has a seven pointed star, with the words "For Contribution Made to Australian Society" around the edge.

The colours in the ribbon are crimson, which represents federation, and blue and gold for the beginning of the 21st Century. The seven gold and red lines signify the states' pathways to federation. The bar and ribbon are the same so that a person with the award can be recognized easily.


Backspace

Backspace is the keyboard key (sometimes labeled as: ← ) that originally pushed the typewriter carriage one position backwards, and for modern computer screens, moves the cursor one position backwards, deletes the preceding character, and shifts back the text after it by one position.

In typewriters, a typist would, for example, type a lowercase letter "a" with acute accent (á) by typing a lowercase letter "a" then backspace, and then the acute accent key (also known as overstrike). This is the basis for such spacing modifiers in computer character sets such as the ASCII caret (^, for the circumflex accent). Backspace composition no longer works with digital displays or typesetting systems. It has to some degree been replaced with the combining diacritical marks mechanism of Unicode, though such characters do not work well with many fonts, and precomposed characters continue to be used. Some software like TeX or Microsoft Windows use the opposite method for diacritical marks, namely positioning the accent first, and then placing the base letter at that position.

Pressing the backspace key on a computer terminal would generate the ASCII code 08, BS or Backspace, a control code which would delete the preceding character. That control code could also be accessed by pressing Control-H, as H is the eighth letter of the Latin alphabet. Terminals which did not have the backspace code mapped to the function of moving the cursor backwards and deleting the preceding character would display the symbols ^H (caret, H – see Caret notation) when the backspace key was pressed. This sequence is still used humorously for epanorthosis by computer literates, denoting the deletion of a pretended blunder, much like a strikethrough.

Example:

A more concise alternative sometimes seen is ^W, which is the shortcut to delete the previous word in the Berkeley Unix terminal line discipline. One ^W can replace a whole string of ^H's. This shortcut has also made it into the Vi text editor. For really embarrassing blunders, ^U (kill line) can outdo a series of ^W.

The backspace is distinct from the delete key, which in paper media for computers would punch out all the holes to strike out a character, and in modern computers deletes text "following" it. Also, the delete key often works as a generic command to remove an object (such as an image inside a document, or a file in a file manager), while backspace usually has no effect.

In modern systems, the backspace key is often mapped to the delete character (0x7f in ASCII or Unicode), although the backspace key's function of deleting the character before the cursor remains.

In a mainframe environment, "to backspace" means to move a magnetic tape backwards, typically to the previous block.

The backspace key is commonly used to go back a page when exploring folders in graphical environments, or when browsing the Web in web browsers.

Although the term "backspace" is the standard name of the key which deletes the character to the left of the cursor, the actual key may be labelled in a variety of ways, for example "delete", "Erase" (for example in XO-1, One Laptop Per Child), or with a left pointing arrow.

Australian Sports Medal

The Australian Sports Medal was an award given during 2000 to recognise achievements in Australian sport.

Winners of the award included competitors, coaches, sports scientists, office holders, and people who maintained sporting facilities and services. Over 18,000 Medals were awarded.



Marin Mersenne

Marin Mersenne, (born 8 September 1588, in modern-day Sarthe, died 1 September 1648, in Paris) was a French theologian and mathematician. He developed the first laws of acoustics, which was known by his name for a long time. Today, he is mainly remembered for the Mersenne primes. Together with Galileo Galilei he built the laws which describe how a mass falls in an empty space. He was in favour of modern science, and did not agree with "occultist" movements. 

He often travelled to meet great scientists, which made him an important mediator. This is especially true for mathematicians such as Pierre Gassendi, Gilles Personne de Roberval, Blaise Pascal und Pierre de Fermat. To tell Mersenne of a discovery was like publishing it. He told Gassendi to reply to the "Meditations" of Descartes. Mersenne gave Huygens the idea of using a pendulum to measure time. This led to the development of pendulum clocks.

Land Transport Authority

The Land Transport Authority (Abbreviation: LTA; Chinese: 陆路交通管理局 (shortform: 陆交局); Malay: Penguasa Pengangkutan Darat; ) of Singapore is a statutory board of the Ministry of Transport. It was founded in 1 September 1995, by merging four agencies, which are Registry of Vehicles, Mass Rapid Transit Corporation, Roads & Transportation Division of the Public Works Department of Singapore and Land Transport Division of the then-Ministry of Communications. LTA leads the development of land transport in Singapore.


Usage share of web browsers

The usage share of web browsers is the percentage (%) of viewers at a group of websites who use a particular web browser. For example, when it is said that Google Chrome has 64% usage share (May 2022), it means that all versions of Chrome (including the related Chromium) are used by 64 of every 100 visitors who visit a set of websites.


Quatour pour la fin du temps

Quatuor pour la fin du temps is a piece of chamber music by the French composer Olivier Messiaen. In English -speaking countries it is often called by the English title Quartet for the End of Time. The piece is written for an unusual combination of four instruments: clarinet (in B-flat), violin, cello, and piano. There are 8 movements. It takes about 50 minutes to perform. The work was first performed in unusual circumstances in 1941. It is a very important work in the history of 20th century classical music.

There was a special reason why Messiaen wrote this work for an unusual combination of instruments. In 1940, when World War II was being fought, Germany invaded France. Messiaen was captured by the German army and he was held as a prisoner of war. While being taken to the prisoner of war camp, Messiaen talked to another prisoner, Henri Akoka, who was a clarinettist. Messiaen showed him the sketches for a clarinet piece he was writing called "Abîme des oiseaux". Two other professional musicians were also among the prisoners: Jean le Boulaire, a violinist and Étienne Pasquier, a cellist. Messiaen composed the "Quatuor" for these three musicians with himself at the piano. The combination of these four instruments is unusual, although Paul Hindemith had written a work for the same combination in 1938.

The quartet was given its first performance in Görlitz, Germany (now called Zgorzelec in Poland) on 15 January 1941. The audience consisted of about four hundred prisoners of war. There were German prison officers sitting in front. The music must have seemed strange to the audience, but they all listened politely. Shortly after this Messiaen was released from prison and went back to France.

Messiaen was inspired by the words in the Bible where the angel says “There shall be time no longer”. These words have another meaning in relation to the music, because Messiaen does not write music with a regular number of beats in a bar. Like The Rite of Spring, the length of the bars keep changing. Messiaen had heard enough of soldiers marching to a regular one-two-three-four-one-two-three-four during the war. His rhythms in this music develop from little tiny rhythmic patterns.

The work is in eight movements.

The first movement is called “Liturgie de cristal” (“Chyrstal liturgy”) and describes the birds waking up. All four instruments play this movement.

The second movement is “Vocalise, pour l'Ange qui annonce la fin du Temps
“Song for the Angel who announces the end of time”. It is played by the full quartet, although the clarinet does not play in the central section.

The third movement is called “Abîme des oiseaux” (“Abyss of birds”) and is just played by the clarinet. It is extremely slow and the clarinettist needs a lot of breath control.

The fourth movement is “Intermède” (“Interlude”) and is played by the violin, cello, and clarinet.). It is fast and lively.

The fifth movement is “Louange à l'Éternité de Jésus (“Praise to the eternity of Jesus"). It is played by the cello accompanied by the piano who just plays chords. It is again extremely slow and the cellist needs good bow control.

The sixth movement is called “Danse de la fureur, pour les sept trompettes“ (“Dance of the Fury, for the seven trumpets”), played on all four instruments. They play in unison (the same notes) nearly all the way through.

The seventh movement is called “Fouillis d'arcs-en-ciel, pour l'Ange qui annonce la fin du Temps" (“Tangle of rainbows, for the Angel who announces the end of time”), played by the full quartet. Some of the music from the second movement is repeated. We hear the angel being covered by the rainbow.

The eighth movement is “Louange à l'Immortalité de Jésus" (“Praise to the immortality of Jesus"), for violin and piano. We hear the ascent of man to his god. The violin finishes on a very high harmonic note.

In the long preface at the front of the score Messiaen writes a short introduction to the music theory theory of his music. He describes the rhythms he uses and how they relate to one another. However, at the end, he says that it is not necessary to read all about his theory in order to perform the piece.

National parks of New Zealand

The national parks of New Zealand are 14 protected areas that are looked after by the Department of Conservation "for the benefit, use, and enjoyment of the public". These are popular among tourists, with 30% of tourists visiting at least one national park during their stay in New Zealand. While the national parks contain some of New Zealand's most beautiful scenery, the first few that were created were all focused on mountains. Since the 1980s more different kinds of New Zealand landscapes have been included in the national parks. New Zealand's national parks are all important to preserve both nature and culture, and some are also historically important. Tongariro National Park is one of 27 World Heritage Sites that is of both cultural and natural significance, and four of the South Island national parks form Te Wahipounamu, another World Heritage Site.

The National Parks Act of 1980 was written to record what national parks are for, and how they would be chosen and looked after. It begins by explaining what a national park is:
The National Parks Act goes on to say that the public will be allowed to enter and use the parks freely, but with rules to avoid destroying the native plants and animals or the parks. Access to specially protected areas (550 km²) as noted under the act is only allowed with special permits.
National parks are soil, water and forest conservation areas, and should be kept as natural as possible. Native plants and animals are to be looked after and other plants and animals removed if they harm the natural wildlife. Development in what the act calls "wilderness areas" is only foot tracks and huts used for wild animal control or scientific research.

The Act allows the Department of Conservation to provide hostels, huts, camping grounds, ski tows and other services, parking areas, roading and tracks within the parks. As well as these, the department also provides some accommodation, transport and other services at entry points to the parks, but these are also offered by others. Other services within the parks, such as guided walks and skiing tutorials, are provided by other companies, sometimes with help from the department.

The area around Waipoua Forest, north of Dargaville, was suggested to become a new Kauri National Park. The area contains most of New Zealand's remaining kauri, including the largest known kauri, Tāne Mahuta. These stands of kauri are also important because they are homes for many endangered species including the North Island brown kiwi. This proposal is currently being considered by the Department of Conservation.

In 2010 the New Zealand Government proposed removing some national park and conservation areas from Schedule 4 protection of the Crown Minerals Act which means that mining is not allowed in those areas. In July the government decided against the proposal after receiving a large number of submissions, most of which were against mining.


Plumbaginaceae

Plumbaginaceae is a family of flowering plants are about 560 species in 10 genera found all over the world. They are annual or perennial herbs, shrubs and climbers. Thrift ("Armeria") and Sea Lavender ("Limonium"), have small flowers in dense clusters. They are generally grown for garden decoration or as cut flowers, either fresh or dried, and medicinal extracts are obtained from some species.

Polygonaceae

Polygonaceae is a family of flowering plants are herbs, shrubs, or rarely trees comprising about 30 genera and 1,000 species. The leaves are simple, alternate or rarely opposite, and usually stipulate. Some well known members include buckwheat ("Fagopyrum"), sorrel ("Rumex"), rhubarb ("Rheum"), and knotweed ("Polygonum"). 

Charles

Charles is a boy's name of German origin. There are many famous people named Charles:



Eschborn

Eschborn is a town near Frankfurt am Main in the Main-Taunus district, Hesse, Germany. The town has a population of 20,789.

Rudy Rucker

Rudolf von Bitter Rucker (born March 22, 1946 in Louisville, Kentucky) is an American mathematician, computer scientist, science fiction author, and philosopher. He is one of the founders of the cyberpunk literary movement. He writes both fiction and non-fiction books and articles. He is best known for the novels in the Ware Tetralogy (series of four books). The first two books ("Software" and "Wetware") both won Philip K. Dick Awards. Now he edits the science fiction webzine called "Flurb".

Rucker is the great-great-great-grandson of the philosopher Georg Hegel.

Rucker attended St. Xavier High School. Then he completed a B.A. in mathematics from Swarthmore College. Next, he earned Master's and Ph.D. degrees in mathematics from Rutgers University.

He taught at the State University of New York at Geneseo from 1972 to 1978. He got a grant (money to support scholarship) from the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation, so he went to teach math at the Ruprecht Karl University of Heidelberg from 1978 to 1980. He then taught at Randolph-Macon Women's College in Lynchburg, Virginia from 1980 to 1982. Next, he tried being as a full-time author for four years. Inspired by an interview with Stephen Wolfram, Rucker became a computer science professor at San José State University in 1986. He retired from SJSU in 2004. He is a mathematician who is also interested in philosophy. He has written books connecting these two areas, for example: "The Fourth Dimension"; "Geometry, Relativity and the Fourth Dimension"; and "Infinity and the Mind". Princeton University Press published new editions of "Infinity and the Mind" in 1995 and in 2005, both with new prefaces; the first edition is cited with fair frequency in academic literature.

As his "own alternative to cyberpunk," Rucker developed a writing style he calls Transrealism. He gave a brief explanation of Transrealism in his 1983 essay, "The Transrealist Manifesto". It is science fiction based on the author's own life and immediate perceptions, mixed with fantastic elements that symbolize psychological change. Many of Rucker's novels and short stories apply these ideas. One example of Rucker's Transrealist works is "Saucer Wisdom", a novel in which the main character is abducted by aliens. Rucker and his publisher marketed the book as non-fiction as a kind of joke.

Rucker wrote his first Transrealist novel, "White Light," while he was at Heidelberg. This Transrealist novel is based on his experiences at SUNY Geneseo.

Rucker often uses his novels to explore scientific or mathematical ideas. For example, "White Light" examines the concept of infinity. Parts of the Ware Tetralogy (written from 1982 through 2000) are an explanation of using natural selection to develop computer software (a subject also developed in his "The Hacker and the Ants", written in 1994). His novels also show a mystical philosophy. Rucker explained this philosophy in an essay called "The Central Teachings of Mysticism". There may be some irony in this tiitle (The essay is included in "Seek!", 1999).

He recently published a book called "The Lifebox, the Seashell, and the Soul: What Gnarly Computation Taught Me About Ultimate Reality, the Meaning Of Life, and How To Be Happy". This book summarizes the various philosophies he's believed over the years. It ends with the tentative conclusion that people might get some benefit by thinking about the world as made of computations. His final remark in the book is, "perhaps this universe is perfect."



List on Rucker's SJSU web page. With links to each book's web page.


Tinamou

A tinamou is one of an family of birds called the Tinamidae. They are the only species within the family. There are 47 species of tinamou in Central and South America. They are one of the most ancient living groups of bird, and are related to the ratites. Generally ground dwelling, they are found in a range of habitats.

Of Gondwanan origin, tinamous are related to the ratites. Although the fossil record in South America is poor, the known tinamiform fossil record goes back 10 million years. Together with the ratites, they make up Palaeognathae ("old jaws"), while all other living birds are members of Neognathae ("new jaws"). Unlike the other palaeognaths, tinamous do have a keeled sternum. Like the other palaeognaths, they also have a distinctive palate (thin bony plate at top of mouth).

Recent phylogenetic studies place tinamids as the sister group of Australasian/Oceanian ratites. Those are the (cassowaries, emus, and kiwi). South American ratites (rheas) and African ratites (ostriches) are also related, but more distantly. Tinamous themselves are monophyletic.

List of Latin phrases

This page lists direct English translations of common Latin phrases, such as "veni vidi vici" and "et cetera". Some of the phrases are themselves translations of Greek phrases, as Greek rhetoric and literature were highly regarded in ancient Rome when Latin rhetoric and literature were still maturing.

Be aware that the Latin letter "i" can be used as either a vowel or a consonant. When used as a consonant, it is often replaced by the letter "j", which was originally simply an orthographic "long i" that was used in initial positions and when it occurred between two other vowels. This medieval convention is most commonly preserved in Latin legal terminology–hence phrases like "de iure" are often spelled "de jure". On this list, the more common form will be the one a phrase is listed under: thus, "de jure" is used instead of "de iure", and "alea iacta est" instead of "alea jacta est".

To view all phrases on a single, lengthy document, see:

The list is also divided alphabetically into 20 other pages:




Musette

Musette is the French word for small bellows played bagpipes. Some composers liked to use a drone (especially one in fifths) to make it sound like bagpipes or other folk instruments. Johann Sebastian Bach, François Couperin and other Baroque composers often called such pieces "Musette". Sometimes they did this in orchestral music: Joseph Haydn used a drone in the last part of his Symphony No. 104 to accompany a folk tune.

Gram-Schmidt process

The Gram-Schmidt process is a way of converting one set of vectors that forms a basis into another, more friendly one.

Suppose we have a set of vectors formula_1 that form a basis for formula_2, and that we wish to convert these into a "friendly" basis which is easier to work with later. We begin by finding out which component of a vector is being unfriendly to a second vector, which we may do with inner products. If we have two vectors formula_3, then we may find the component of formula_4 being unfriendly to formula_5 with formula_6. By subtracting this from formula_5, we get the component friendly to formula_4. By returning to our abstract set formula_1, we may make use of this observation to construct a general algorithm to convert an arbitrary basis into a friendly basis. Like from our original set, each time we use the process on a new vector, it is guaranteed to be mutually friendly with all the previous vectors.

Define:

formula_10 = formula_11

formula_12 = formula_13

et cetera, with the general term:

formula_14

Should we wish to make this a friendly and cute basis, we can simply make each new element of the basis cute, by replacing both formula_15 with formula_16.

List of Latin phrases (I)

List of Latin phrases (A)

Pigeonhole principle

The pigeonhole principle explains that when there are (n) pigeon-sized holes in a pigeon container, then it's impossible to fit more than (n) pigeons in that container, without having at least one hole containing more than one. The pigeons are used here as an example for anything that can be put into containers or subdivisions.

This theorem is important in computer science and mathematics, especially in graph theory.

In one suitcase there are 12 blue socks and 18 black socks. If we close our eyes, how many socks must we pull out to be sure we have a pair of the same color?

If we think of the colors as "holes" or categories, we have 2 holes, so (n) = 2. If we pull three socks from the suitcase, at least two of them must be the same color, because 3 is a number greater than 2. So the correct answer here is three. 

Nickel (United States coin)

A nickel is a coin. It is in the United States currency. It is worth 5 cents. It is made of "cupronickel", an alloy of copper and nickel.


Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) aims to keep people’s money safe. Specifically, the money people put into American banks. If money is lost they will replace it. The FDIC will replace up to $250,000 per person, per bank. the FDIC insured 7,895 different banks or institutions. The FDIC also watches banks or institutions for problems or failings.

The FDIC was made during the Great Depression by President Franklin Roosevelt in June 1933. This is an important occurrence in United States history because it guaranteed people their money. This also helped people feel safer when using banks in the United States.


Vehicle insurance

Vehicle insurance (also called auto insurance or car insurance) is a kind of insurance that protects people if they have a car accident. Somebody with vehicle insurance would not have to pay the entire cost of damage a car accident causes. In many places, it is against the law to drive without vehicle insurance.

The driver pays a premium to the car insurance company. In exchange, the company covers the potential cost of damages and financial loss that are a result of driving. 

The bare minimum everyday driver should require to purchase liability coverage. It varies from state to state and it is important to have the minimum amount as required by law. You can receive a ticket, have your driver's license revoked, or even be arrested. 

Liability is there to protect the other drivers on the road from the damages you cause. 

Insurance prices vary a lot by the company. The car you drive can affect your auto insurance rates. If you get in an accident the repairs on the car may be different from others. 

Somebody with vehicle insurance would pay what is called a "premium" (perhaps every month). The insurance company would decide how big the premium is and might consider several factors. These include some of the following: 

When you pay a premium, the insurance company agrees to pay your losses as outlined in your policy. Depending on different factors, the insurance company may not pay all or any of your losses. 

Umbrella insurance

Umbrella insurance protects all items of economic value and future income. It is also known as a type of liability insurance. A liability is a legal debt or obligation. The umbrella refers to how the policy shields insured assets. It covers damages caused by you and your dependents. People who have large sums of money usually have this type of insurance because they have high premiums. Premiums are the total cost of the policy. It guarantees you higher liability limits. It provides additional limits of coverage if you are at risk of being sued.
The umbrella policy is there to fill the gaps in other insurance policies. Where one policy does not cover, the umbrella policy picks up where it doesn’t cover. The umbrella policy covers all insurances such as house, car, etc. The umbrella policy covers in increments of 1,000,000 dollars. So if you had car insurance that only covered 200,000 dollars, the coverage would then be 1,200,000 dollars. The same goes for home owners insurance, if you had 500,000 dollars in coverage the total coverage would become 1,500,000 dollars in coverage.

Argument from false premises

An argument from false premises is a line of reasoning which can lead to wrong results. A false premise is an untrue proposition that forms part of the basis of a "logical syllogism". Since the premise (assumption) is not correct, the conclusion drawn may also be wrong. 

However, it should be noted that whether or not an argument is "valid" does not depend on whether its premises are true. It rather depends on whether the conclusion follows from them, which is to say, on whether "under the assumption" that the premises are true, the conclusion must be true as well.

For example, consider this syllogism:


This argument is logically valid. But its premises are not always true. The first premise can be false – someone could have hosed down the streets, a street cleaner could have passed, the local river could have flooded, and so on. A simple logical analysis will not reveal the error in this argument, since that analysis assumes that all the argument's premises are true. For this reason, an argument based on false premises can be much more difficult to refute, or even discuss, than one featuring a normal logical error, as the truth of its premises must be established to the satisfaction of all parties.

Another feature of an argument based on false premises that can bedevil critics, is that its conclusion can in fact be true. Consider the above example again. It may well be that it has recently rained, and that the streets are wet. This of course does nothing to prove the first premise, but can make its claims more difficult to refute.

A false premise can also be a premise that is poorly defined, which makes the conclusion questionable. The following joke from "Plato and a Platypus Walk Into a Bar" illustrates the point: "An old cowboy goes into a bar and orders a drink. As he sits there sipping his whiskey, a young lady sits down next to him. ... She says, 'I'm a lesbian. I spend my whole day thinking about women. ...' A little while later, a couple sits down next to the old cowboy and asks him, 'Are you a real cowboy?' He replies, 'I always thought I was, but I just found out I'm a lesbian'." The mistake the cowboy makes is that he assumes that the definition of a lesbian is somebody who spends the "whole day thinking about women", without including the fact that a lesbian is a homosexual female. The cowboy is neither homosexual nor female; therefore, he is not a lesbian.


Nichrome

Nichrome is an alloy. It is made of nickel and chromium. It has an 80/20% composition. It is used as a heating element. It gets hot when electricity goes through it. It is normally silver in colour and a wire.


Cupronickel

Cupronickel is an alloy. It is made of copper and nickel. It is used in nickels, the US coins. It does not corrode. It is silvery in color. It has 75% copper and 25% nickel.


List of Latin phrases (B)

List of Latin phrases (C)

Nickel oxide

Nickel oxide can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Nickel(II) oxide

Nickel(II) oxide, also known as nickelous oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NiO. It contains nickel in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains oxide ions.

Nickel(II) oxide is a light green solid. It does not dissolve in water. Sometimes it is gray because all of the nickel is not in the +2 oxidation state. It reacts with acids to make nickel(II) salts. For example, it reacts with hydrochloric acid to make nickel(II) chloride. It does not react with bases easily.

Nickel(II) oxide can be made by heating nickel powder in air at . This normally makes a black nickel oxide. It also can be made by reacting nickel with water at . The simplest way to make it is to heat nickel(II) hydroxide, nickel(II) carbonate, or nickel(II) nitrate.

It is used to make alloys. It is also used in ceramics. It is used to make other nickel compounds.

Nickel(II) oxide can irritate skin and make problems when breathed in.


Margaret Cho

Margaret Cho (born Moran Cho on 5 December 1968) is an American comedian and actress. She was born in San Francisco, California. She is bisexual and liberal.

Goodluck Jonathan

Jonathan's term as President of Nigeria ended on 29 May 2015, when he handed over to President Muhammadu Buhari.

Jonathan was born in Otueke in Ogbia Local Government Area in Nigeria to a family of canoe makers. He has a Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) degree in Zoology. He also holds an M.Sc. in Hydrobiology/Fisheries biology, and a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Zoology from the University of Port Harcourt. After he got his degree, he worked as an education inspector, lecturer, and environmental-protection officer, until he decided to become a politician in 1998.

Jonathan is married to Patience Faka Jonathan and has two children. Jonathan is a member of the Ijaw ethnic group.

Among his children include Ariwera Jonathan, Aruabi Jonathan, and Ariwera Jonathan is the name of his son whom was rumored to be dead five years ago in London but his father refuted the claims and labelled it as false even though he took ill and was admitted at the hospital.

Jonathan began his career in politics in 1998, having joined the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in 1998.
Jonathan, who had been the Deputy Governor of Bayelsa State, succeeded Governor Diepreye Alamieyeseigha, who was impeached by the Bayelsa State Assembly after being charged with money laundering in the United Kingdom. In September 2006, Jonathan's wife was indicted by the nation's anti-crime agency, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), for crimes related to money laundering.

In December 2006, Jonathan was chosen as running mate to Umaru Yar'Adua for the PDP presidential ticket in the April 2007 election. On 20 April 2007, shortly before the presidential election, there was a violent attack from militants. The police said that people had tried to kill Jonathan. However, this did not end up happening.

Following the PDP's election win, which some people did not think was fair, militants blew up Jonathan's country house in Otu-Eke, Bayelsa State on 16 May; two policemen were killed in the attack. Jonathan was not there at the time.

President Umaru Yar'Adua left Nigeria on 23 November 2009 for medical treatment. He did not make plans for anyone to take over his duties. On 13 January 2010, a federal court handed Vice-President Jonathan the power to carry out state affairs in the president's continued absence. On 22 January 2010, the Supreme Court of Nigeria ruled that the Federal Executive Council (FEC) had 14 days to decide whether President Yar'Adua "is incapable of discharging the functions of his office".
In a nationwide address in February 2010, Jonathan called on all Nigerians to set aside religious and ethnic differences to work together for the common good.
Jonathan said "The events of the recent past have put to a test our collective resolve as a democratic nation,"
"I am delighted to know that our nation has demonstrated resilience and unity of purpose.

On 9 February 2010, the Senate decided that presidential power should be given to the Vice President. He was appointed to serve as Acting President, with all the accompanying powers, until when and if Yar'Adua returned to full health. The power transfer was called a "coup without the word" by opposition lawyers and lawmakers. The Nigerian Constitution requires a written letter from the President stating he is unable to serve or that the cabinet sends a medical team to examine him but this provision has not apparently been fulfilled leaving some doubts as to the constitutionality of the action.

Yar'Adua died on 5 May 2010. Jonathan was sworn in as Yar'Adua's replacement on 6 May 2010, becoming Nigeria's 14th Head of State. He will serve as President until the next election. Upon taking office, Jonathan cited anti-corruption, power and electoral reform were what he wanted to focus on as President. He stated that he came to office under "very sad and unusual circumstances."

On 18 May 2010, the National Assembly approved President Goodluck Jonathan's nomination of former Kaduna State governor, Namadi Sambo, an architect, for the position of Vice President.

After the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, in which the Nigerian side failed to advance beyond group stage, Jonathan said that the national team could no longer play international matches. FIFA objected to the president's decision and threatened to kick Nigeria out of the association. After this, Jonathan ended the ban.

Jonathan was re-elected in April 2011 in an election that some experts said may have been the most fair election in Nigerian history.


List of Latin phrases (D)

Nicaraguan Sign Language

Idioma de Signos Nicaragüense, or Nicaraguan Sign Language, is a sign language that was spontaneously invented by deaf schoolchildren in Nicaragua in the 1970s and 1980s. The language developed when the Sandinist government of Nicaragua created the first (elementary) school for deaf people, in the 1970s. The language is of special interest to linguists, because it allows them to study how languages develop.

In the 1970s, the deaf people of Nicaragua rarely met. They lived isolated lives and used simple gestures to communicate with their friends and family. In 1977, a special programme for the deaf was started in a suburb of Managua. At first, fifty children took part. When the Sandinist came to power, the number of pupils rose to hundred. In 1980, a vocational school for deaf people was opened in another part of Managua. In 1983, both schools together had about 400 pupils.

The teaching was centered on lip reading and the use of a hand alphabet. This was mostly unsuccessful, because most pupils had trouble spelling words in this way. The children were cut off from their teachers, and used recreational breaks, and free time spent together to create a system that allowed them to communicate with each other. Gestures and signs used at home were used to create a pidgin. Later the pidgin developed into a Creole language. The first step, that is to say the pidgin is called "Lenguaje de Signos Nicaragüense" (LSN) today. Pupils who left the school before the creole language was created, continue to use the pidgin.

The staff of the school missed the fact that a language was developing before their eyes. All they saw were some mimics, and the failure to learn Spanish. As they did not know what the pupils were saying, they asked for help. In 1986, Judi Kegl, an expert on the topic of American Sign Language was asked to help. When she analysed the language, she found out that the pidgin NSL had been made more complex by the younger pupils — it now included a fixed grammar, and the arrangement of verbs. Today, this extended form is known as "ISN".


Nickel(II) nitrate

Nickel(II) nitrate, also known as nickelous nitrate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Ni(NO). It contains nickel in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains nitrate ions.

Nickel(II) nitrate is a green crystalline solid. It dissolves in water. Because it has nitrate ions, it is an oxidizing agent. It normally has water molecules attached to it, making it hydrated. 

It is made by dissolving nickel metal in nitric acid.

It is used as a source of nickel(II), but nickel(II) chloride and nickel(II) sulfate are used more commonly.

It is an oxidizing agent, so it should be kept away from things that can burn. It also is toxic to things that live in the water. It is a carcinogen.


Nickel(II) chloride

Nickel(II) chloride, also known as nickelous chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NiCl. It contains nickel in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains chloride ions.

It is a yellow-green solid. It dissolves in water. It normally is attached to water molecules (hydrated). It reacts with ammonia to make a purple solution. It also reacts with hydrochloric acid to make a yellow solution. It reacts with bases to make nickel(II) hydroxide. Solutions of nickel(II) chloride have a pH of 4.

It is made by dissolving nickel metal in hydrochloric acid. It also can be made by reacting nickel(II) oxide, nickel(II) carbonate, or nickel(II) hydroxide with hydrochloric acid.

It is used to electroplate nickel metal on metal objects. It is also used as a catalyst. 

Nickel(II) chloride irritates skin and eyes. It can also cause cancer.


Facial composite

A facial composite is a reconstructed image of the face of a person. Such images are usually based on descriptions of eyewitnesses. They are mostly used by police, to help them find people who have committed a serious crime.

Nickel(II) hydroxide

Nickel(II) hydroxide, also known as nickelous hydroxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Ni(OH). It contains nickel in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains hydroxide ions.

It is a light green solid. It does not dissolve in water. It dissolves in acids to make other nickel(II) salts. 

It is made by reacting a base containing hydroxide ions with a nickel(II) salt, such as nickel(II) chloride.

Nickel(II) hydroxide is used in the nickel cadmium battery and the nickel-metal hydride battery.


Baitul Futuh Mosque

The Baitul Futuh Mosque (English: "House of Victories") is claimed to be the largest mosque in Europe. According to some estimates it is the second largest after the Mosque of Rome. It has an area of , the mosque complex can hold up to 10,000 worshippers. It was built in 2003 at a cost of about £5.5 million with money given by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. It is located in the London area of Morden, next to Morden South railway station and 150 yards from the Morden Underground.

The foundation stone was placed by Hazrat Mirza Tahir Ahmad on the 19 October 1999, in a ceremony attended by 2000 guests, and opened by the current head of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, Hazrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad, on the 3 October 2003. Mirza Masroor Ahmad is based at Fazl Mosque but delivers his weekly Khutbah (Friday sermon) from Baitul Futuh. The opening ceremony was attended by over 600 guests such as High Commissioners, Deputy High Commissioners, Members of European Parliament, Members of Parliament, Mayors of London boroughs, councilors, university lecturers, and representatives of 17 countries.

Several events are held at the Baitul Futuh Mosque to serve both the Muslim and greater community. In addition to regular prayers, its services include an annual Peace Symposiums, school tours, other local community events, as well as the 'Merton Youth Partnership Annual Conference', hosting the Perfect Jeevan Programme "Any Questions?", and is included in Suman.

The Baitul Futuh Mosque has acted as the centre for the 'Loyalty, Freedom and Peace Campaign', which seeks to promote Islam as a peaceful religion, and to improve the integration of Muslims and non-Muslims.

The Peace Symposium 2010 chose the location to award the first Ahmadiyya Muslim Peace Prize to Lord Eric Avebury. The award is for lifetime contribution to the cause of Human Rights.

The Mosque receives over 10,000 visitors a year from schools, faith groups, public service organizations, charities, local and central government, and other groups.

The plan to burn the Qur'an by the Dove World Outreach Center on the 9th anniversary of 9/11 attacks was highly condemned at the Baitul Futuh mosque by several politicians and religious leaders, such as Fleur Sandringham (Judaism) and Rev. Andrew Wakefield.



Nickel(II) carbonate

Nickel(II) carbonate, also known as nickelous carbonate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NiCO. It contains nickel in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains carbonate ions.

Nickel(II) carbonate is a pale green solid. It does not dissolve in water. It reacts with acids to make carbon dioxide. It turns into carbon dioxide and nickel(II) oxide when heated.

It is made by reacting sodium carbonate with nickel(II) chloride or nickel(II) sulfate.

It is used in pigments and catalysts that have nickel in them.


Nickel(II) sulfate

Nickel(II) sulfate, also known as nickelous sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NiSO. It contains nickel in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains sulfate ions.

Nickel(II) sulfate is a bluish solid. It dissolves in water. It is normally attached to some water molecules (hydrated). When it is anhydrous (not attached to water molecules), it is yellow. It reacts with bases to make nickel(II) hydroxide.

It is made by dissolving nickel(II) oxide or nickel metal in sulfuric acid.

Nickel(II) sulfate is used to make other nickel compounds. It is also used in the electroplating of nickel on metal objects. It is used in the lab.


Frogger

Frogger is an arcade video game made in 1981 by Konami. The player must play as Frogger to get to home. The player must cross a road and a river. If the player is hit by a car or falls into the water, the player must start over. "Frogger" is very popular and there are many newer "Frogger" games.

The player guides a frog using a joystick (a game controller). The frog starts at the bottom of the screen. The frog must first cross a busy road. There are cars that go left and right on the road. If a car hits the frog, it dies and the player must start again. Once the frog crosses the road, the frog must cross a river. There are logs and turtles that move left and right in the river. The player must jump on top of the logs and turtles to reach the other side. If the player reaches the other side, he gets extra points and can try again.

There are many ways that the frog can die:

If the frog dies, the player can try again. Once the frog dies too many times, the game is over.

São Carlos Futebol Clube

São Carlos F.C. is a football club which plays in São Carlos, São Paulo, Brazil.

Grêmio Esportivo Sãocarlense

G.D. Sãocarlense is a football club which plays in São Carlos, São Paulo, Brazil.

Johann Strauss III

Johann Strauss III (February 16, 1866 - January 9, 1939) was an Austrian composer and conductor. He was the son of Eduard Strauss, the nephew of Johann Strauss II, and grandson of Johann Strauss I. He wrote several waltzes, as well as an operetta, "Katze und Maus" (Cat and Mouse).

Carlos Slim

Carlos Slim Helú (born January 28, 1940 in Mexico City) is a Mexican businessman. He was the richest person in the world from 2010 to 2013. He owns the Mexican phone company Telmex, which provides a telephone service to most Mexicans. After graduating, Slim expanded on his father's ownings of real estate in Mexico City. By age 26, he was worth $40 million. During the 1980s and 1990s, Slim bought several companies that were bankrupt or being privatized. Slim owns about 7% of the "New York Times". He is now worth $60 billion. Slim's maternal grandparents and his father were from Lebanon. In 2017, According to Forbes Carlos Slim is the world’s fifth richest person.

In late January 2021, Slim was diagnosed with COVID-19 during the pandemic in Mexico.

Pandanales

Pandanales is an order of flowering plants, that grow around the tropical areas of important continents. The order includes palm-like trees, shrubs, lianas, and herbs.

Nymphaeales

Nymphaeales is an order of plants, which consists of water lilies and other aquatic plants.

This order is considered to be a basal, or early diverging, group of angiosperms. The families of this order are united by being families of aquatic herbs and are known from the fossil record as early as the Lower Cretaceous.

List of Latin phrases (E)

IE (disambiguation)

Ie, ie or IE may refer to:








Crossroads

Crossroads is a movie from 2002 with starring Britney Spears in her first major movie role.



John Bednarski

John Severn Bednarski (born July 4, 1952 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) was an ice hockey defenceman in the National Hockey League. Over the course of his career, he played the New York Rangers and the Edmonton Oilers.

As a junior player he played in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League, he signed with the Rangers as a free agent in 1972 and began play in the American Hockey League with the Rochester Americans. He made his NHL start in 1974 with the Rangers playing 99 games and scoring 2 goals and 18 assists. In 1977, he returned to the minor leagues before signing with the Oilers for their first year in the NHL, playing only one game before being sent back down to the minors.

He later signed a contract with the Buffalo Sabres but never played another NHL game. He would eventually become the radio and TV analyst for the Americans for many years before resigning prior to the 2005–06 season.

Lee Fogolin Sr.

Lidio John Fogolin, Sr. (born February 27, 1926 in Fort William, Ontario - d. November 29, 2000) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the Detroit Red Wings and Chicago Black Hawks of the NHL.

Lee Fogolin started his professional career with the Omaha Knights of the USHL in 1946. The next year he played for the Indianapolis Capitals of the AHL. He saw his first NHL action for the Detroit Red Wings in the 1948 playoffs. He began the 1949 season with Indianapolis before being called up to the NHL full-time.
He played the next 3 seasons with Detroit winning the Stanley Cup with them in 1950. In 1951 he was traded to the Chicago Black Hawks along with Steve Black for Bert Olmstead and Vic Stasiuk. He played the final 6 years of his career on less than impressive Chicago Black Hawks teams. In 1957 he signed on as a player-coach of the Calgary Stampeders of the WHL. He broke his elbow that season and decided to retire at its conclusion to concentrate on coaching full-time.

Lee Fogolin coached 1 season in the WHL in 1957. He did not return to coaching until 1971 with the Thunder Bay Twins of the USHL where he stayed for 2 seasons.



Dave Gatherum

David Robert Gatherum (born March 28, 1932) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender.

On October 11, 1953 Gatherum replaced injured Terry Sawchuk to record a shutout in his National Hockey League (NHL) debut for Detroit 4-0 win over Toronto. He then played on October 16 and 17 for Detroit. Terry returned from injury and Gatherum returned to minors having 2 wins, and 1 tie. He also set an NHL for the longest shutout sequence by a goaltender to start a career 100.21 min Oct 11-16, 1953. The record stood until 2011. He was recalled for playoffs as a spare goaltender and got his name on the Stanley Cup with Detroit in 1954. Gatherum would never play in the NHL again. He spent the rest of his career playing in the minors or senior hockey until retiring after 1959 season.


Pete Goegan

Peter John Goegan (March 6, 1934 in Fort William, Ontario - October 8, 2008) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played 383 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Detroit Red Wings, New York Rangers, and Minnesota North Stars.

Goegan started playing hockey on some Fort William teams and then moved for two seasons to the Northern Ontario Hockey Association until joining professional hockey in 1956.

He played for two years in the American Hockey League (AHL) with the Cleveland Barons, winning a Calder Cup, but in the 1957-58 season he debuted in the National Hockey League with the Detroit Red Wings. In the following seasons he became a defender for the Red Wings team, except for a loan in the Western Hockey League during the 1959-60 championship.

In 1962 he played for a few months in the New York Rangers organization, winning another Calder Cup with the Springfield Indians farm team, but in October he returned to the Red Wings. He split five seasons between the NHL team and their AHL affiliate the Pittsburgh Hornets, with whom he won the third Calder Cup in his career.

In the summer of 1967 in the NHL Expansion Draft Goegan was selected by the Minnesota North Stars, with which he played a season for a total of 46 games in addition to a Western Hockey League loan. He retired a year later in 1969 after playing in other North American leagues.

Nagareyama-ōtakanomori Station

Nagareyama-ōtakanomori Station (流山おおたかの森駅,ながれやまおおたかのもりえき) is a Railway station of Tōbu Railway and Metropolitan Intercity Railway Company in Nagareyama, Chiba Prefecture, Japan. 


European Coal and Steel Community

The European Coal and Steel Community was a union started in 1951. Its purpose was to bring the western countries of Europe together during the Cold War so they would be harder to attack. It was the forerunner of the European Union. Its original purpose was to prevent war between France and Germany. It created a market for coal and steel between all of the countries that signed it. It was dissolved in 2002 and put into the European Community. 

Toner

Toner is a powder commonly used in photocopiers and Laser printers to draw images and text onto paper. The early forms of toner were just carbon powder. Modern toners mix carbon with a thermoplastic and other materials.

In early machines, the user had to pour the toner into a reservoir on the machine itself. Current machines feed from a sealed cartridge which is normally a proprietary design. Although manufacturers try to make the process complicated, empty cartridges are sometimes refilled by third-party vendors.
Toner particles are melted by the heat of the fuser, and bind to the paper.

Since toner is a fine dust, it can remain in the air for a long time, and is considered to have health effects similar to inert dust.
It can be very painful to people with respiratory conditions such as asthma or bronchitis.

Many companies selling laser printers will also provide a way to return empty toner cartridges. These are commonly re-used, with new toner. Today, many toners have chips which tell the printer how much toner is left. These chips also need to be re-programmed, when the toner is re-filled.


Three Choirs Festival

The Three Choirs Festival is a festival of classical music which is held every year in August. The choirs from three cathedrals take part in many of the concerts. The three cathedrals are: Hereford Cathedral, Gloucester Cathedral and Worcester Cathedral. Each year the festival is held in one of those three cathedrals in turn.

The Three Choirs Festival is one of the oldest festivals of classical music. It has its roots in the 18th century. Many famous musicians have performed in the festival. Concerts have been conducted by Samuel Sebastian Wesley, Edward Elgar, Ralph Vaughan Williams and many others. Music has been composed for the festival by Frederick Delius, Zoltan Kodaly Holst, Arthur Sullivan, Herbert Howells, Gerald Finzi, William Walton, Arthur Bliss and Benjamin Britten, Lennox Berkeley, John McCabe, William Mathias, Paul Patterson and James MacMillan. As well as the cathedral choirs there is also a choir called the Festival Chorus which takes part, usually singing large-scale works with orchestra. Many ensembles and international soloists perform at the festival.


Worcester Cathedral

Worcester Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral in Worcester, England. It stands on a bank overlooking the River Severn. It is the seat of the Anglican Bishop of Worcester. Its official name is The Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blessed Mary the Virgin of Worcester. It was built between 1084 and 1504, so therefore there are many different kinds of architecture, from Norman to Perpendicular Gothic. It is famous for its Norman crypt and the unusual chapter house.

The Cathedral was founded in 680 with Bishop Bosel as its head. Most of the cathedral we see today dates from the 12th and 13th centuries.

Monks and nuns had been at the Cathedral since the seventh century. The monastery became Benedictine in the second half of the tenth century. The Benedictine monks were driven out in 1540 and replaced by secular (non-religious) canons.

After the Dissolution of the Monasteries, the building became a cathedral of secular clergy again. The cathedral often had restoration work done, especially by Sir George Gilbert Scott and A. E. Perkins in the 1860s. Both men are buried at the cathedral.

In the chancel of the cathedral is the tomb of King John. The cathedral has a memorial, Prince Arthur's Chantry, to the young prince Arthur Tudor, who is buried here. Arthur's younger brother and next in line for the throne was Henry VIII. Worcester Cathedral was not destroyed by Henry VIII during the English Reformation because of his brother's chantry in the cathedral.

Other famous burials include Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin (1867–1947), Bishop of Worcester John Gauden (1605–1662) and Richard Edes (d.1604), a chaplain to Elizabeth I and James I.

The tower has a ring of twelve bells plus three semitone bells and a non-swinging bourdon. They are some of the most beautiful church bells ever made. There is a teaching centre with eight special training bells, linked to computers.

Worcester Cathedral has three choirs: the Worcester Cathedral Choir (the main choir which has both a boys' and a girls' treble line, which normally work separately), Worcester Cathedral Chamber Choir, and the Worcester Cathedral Voluntary Choir. Since the 18th century, Worcester Cathedral Choir has taken part in the Three Choirs Festival, the oldest music festival in the world.

The composer Edward Elgar spent most of his life in Worcestershire. The first performance of his Enigma Variations took place at the cathedral during the 1899 festival. There is a stained glass window which contains his portrait.

Worcester Cathedral has a long history of organs dating back to at least 1417. Until recently there was a large four-manual organ, originally built by Hope Jones. Most of this organ was removed in 2006 in order to make way for a new instrument by Kenneth Tickell, which was completed in the summer of 2008.

Famous organists at Worcester have included Thomas Tomkins (from 1596), Hugh Blair (from 1895), Ivor Atkins (from 1897) and David Willcocks (from 1950). Today the organist (from 1996) is Adrian Lucas.



Formula One Grand Prix

A Formula One Grand Prix is an automobile event using open wheel cars. The Grand Prix takes place over an entire weekend. There are two practice sessions on Friday. On Saturday, there is one more practice session and then the qualifying session. The race takes place on Sunday. 

Formula One Grand Prix are run under the rules and control of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). Typically, a FIA support series, such as the Formula Two, also runs during the weekend.

All days of the week and times given are local. 

The event usually begins on Friday with two practice sessions. The first session, called Practice 1, runs from 10:00 to 11:30. The second session, called Practice 2, runs from 14:00 to 15:30 (or 2:00 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. in the 12-hour clock). 

The practice sessions allow the drivers to learn the circuit and the teams to test their cars. Teams may test new parts on their cars. The car's wings and suspension settings may be changed to make the car faster. The teams may also allow one of their test drivers to drive the practice session.

The practice sessions have become more important starting in . With the FIA ban on testing during the season, the Friday sessions are the only time a team has to test new car parts.

The last practice session, called Practice 3, takes place on Saturday from 11:00 to 12:00. This allows the teams a final tune-up before qualifying starts.

The Monaco Grand Prix used to have a special schedule. The practice sessions that normally took place on Friday were moved to Thursday because of the Ascension Day holiday that occurred on the Friday of the Grand Prix. However, from 2022, free practice one and free practice two now take place on a Friday like all other Grand Prix.

The Singapore Grand Prix, Bahrain Grand Prix and Abu Dhabi Grand Prix are the only night races in the Formula One calendar. Because of this, the session times are changed. Practice 1 runs from 18:00 to 19:30, and practice 2 runs from 21:30 to 23:00. The practice 3 session runs from 19:00 to 20:00.

On Saturday at 14:00 the qualifying session takes place. This session will determine the running order at the beginning of the race. This is often called "setting the grid". The qualifying session is split into three parts, called Q1, Q2, and Q3. Q1 is 18 minutes long, followed by a seven minute break. Q2 is 15 minutes long, followed by an eight minute break. Q3 is 12 minutes long. During each part of qualifying, the fastest lap time set by a car is recorded. Drivers may run as many or as few laps as they wish.

After Q1 is complete, the five slowest cars are eliminated (removed) from the qualifying session. This would include any cars that did not set a qualifying time. The remaining 15 cars advance (move on) to Q2. The five cars eliminated are placed in the last five start positions, based on their fastest time from Q1. The procedure is repeated for Q2. The five slowest cars from Q2 are placed in the 11 through 15 starting positions on the grid.

The top ten cars remain for Q3. After this final part of qualifying, the top ten starting positions on the grid are set. The fastest qualifier is placed in the first position, which is known as the pole position. This car will have an advantage at the start, because they do not need to follow any other cars.

Generally, a driver will leave the pits and drive around the track back to the start/finish line. This is called the "out-lap", and is not a timed lap. This lap often starts out at a slower pace to warm up the tyres. They will be up to full speed by the time they reach the start line. When they cross the line, they will try to drive the quickest time they can around the circuit. This is called a "flying lap" or a "hot lap". A driver may run several hot laps in a row. The fastest of these hot laps is used in setting the grid position. Finally, the driver will slow down and drive around the track. They re-enter the pit-lane on this "in-lap". If there is still time left, they may put on fresh tyres and try to set a faster hot lap.

In the past, there were more cars entered for each race than the track had available space. When this would happen, not all cars would qualify. The slowest cars would not be able to race and would be listed as "Did not Qualify" (DNQ) in race results.

In the late 1980s and early 1990s the number of cars attempting to enter each race was as high as 39. It was too dangerous to have that many cars on the track at the same time. A "pre-qualifying" session was used. The teams with the worst record over the last six months would need to pre-qualify. This including all new teams. Only the four fastest cars from this session were then allowed to the main qualifying session. The slowest cars from the pre-qualifying session were listed in race results as "Did Not Pre-Qualify" (DNPQ). Pre-qualifying was ended after when many of the small teams left the sport.

As the number of cars entered fell below 26, a new problem started. All cars entered would automatically qualify for the race. Some cars were much slower than most of the other cars. The 107% rule was introduced in . If the qualifying time of a car was not within 107% of the pole time, the car would not qualify for the race. For example, if the pole time was 1m 30s, the slowest a car could go to qualify would be 1m 36s. The race stewards could allow a slow car to race if they thought there was a good reason for it being slow. For example, rain may have slowed down the qualifying session.
This rule returned for the F1 season.

The race itself is held on Sunday afternoon (Sunday night in Singapore, Bahrain and Abu Dhabi). Thirty minutes before race time, the cars take to the track. They may run several warm-up laps if they wish. When they are ready, they line up on the starting grid in the order they qualified. At race time, a green turns on to start the formation lap. The formation lap is a slow lap around the circuit. The cars warm up the engines and tyres, and all systems are checked. The cars return to their assigned grid spot and stop. The start is called a "standing start". 

The starting light system is a set of five red lights mounted above the start/finish line. The red lights turn on one at a time, until all five red lights are on. Then there is a short delay of several seconds. Then the red lights turn off the race starts. The delay is different each time to keep the drivers from guessing when the race will start.

The length of the race is at least 305 kilometers. The fewest laps needed to race at least 305 km is determined for each circuit. The race in Monaco is different from all the rest as the race is set at 78 laps for 206.5 km.

The time of the race can not exceed two hours. After two hours, the race is ended the next time the lead car passes the finish line. The race can also be stopped short of the full distance for safety reasons if conditions are bad.

Any time the car needs to be serviced, the driver must make a pit stop. The pit lane is next to the main straight with the start/finish line. The driver must enter the pit lane using the marked entrance road and select the pit limiter button, speeds vary from race to race. If they do flaunt the limit, they will receive a penalty. The driver stops the car in the team's pit box. Each team has one pit box to service both of their cars. After the work is done, the driver reenters the pit lane. At the end of the pit lane, they enter the pit exit road. Here they speed up the car to race speed. The driver may not cross the white line, until the end of the pit exit lane, otherwise they will receive a penalty. 
Pit stops are usually completed in a few seconds.

Teams are supplied with tyres from Pirelli. They receive two different types of slick (tyres that have no tread) dry weather tyre compounds. The prime tyres and the option tyre. The prime tyre is made from harder rubber and will last longer. The option tyre is made from softer rubber. It will provide more traction in the corners, but will not last as long as the prime tyre. Each car is required to use at least one set of prime and one set of option tyres during the race.

The drivers who qualify in the first ten positions must start the race with the same tyres they qualified on. The remaining drivers may start the race on the tyre of their choice.

Teams are supplied with two different types of wet weather tyres. The intermediate and wet tyre. Intermediate tyres are used when the track surface is damp or during a light rain. Wet tyres (sometimes called "full wets" tyres) are used when the track surface is very wet.

Whenever wet weather tyres are used, the requirement to use both types of dry tyres is dropped. 

Teams are no longer allowed to refuel their cars during the race. The cars must start the race with enough fuel to complete the full race distance. 

In the past, refueling was allowed. The amount of fuel a team would add to the car was part of the race strategy. Less fuel would make the car lighter so it would go faster. But more pit stops would be required to add fuel.

When the leader completes the last lap of the race, and crosses the finish line, the race ends. Any remaining cars on the circuit race to the finish line and complete the lap they are on. If they are also on the lead lap, they are scored as being so many seconds behind the leader. If they are not on the lead lap, they are scored as being so many laps behind the leader. Any cars not still running are normally scored as "retired" (Ret). If they have completed 90% of the race distance, they scored with a finishing position.

The first three finishing positions are called a "podium finish". The three drivers take their places on a podium. They stand as the national anthem of the race winner's home country and that of his team are played. Dignitaries from the country hosting the race then present trophies to the drivers. A constructor's trophy is presented to a representative from the winner's team.

Points are awarded to drivers and teams based on their finishing order. The winner receives 25 points, the second place finisher 18 points, with 15, 12, 10, 8, 6, 4, 2 and 1 points for positions 3 through 10 and a bonus point for setting the fastest lap for any driver who finishes in a points scoring position. If a race is stopped before 75% of the scheduled race distance has been completed, the points awarded are cut in half. If two or more drivers tie for a position, prizes and points are added together and shared equally for all those drivers who tie. Constructors receive points as well as drivers. Each constructor receives the same amount of points that their two drivers earned. 

The winner of the annual Driver's Championship is the driver with the most points. The same hold true for the Constructors' Championship. If two or more drivers (or constructors) have the same number of points, a tie breaker system is used. The one with the most wins is ranked higher. If the number of wins are the same, it goes to the one with the most second places and so on.

In the past, other point systems were used. Also, there were not as many races during the season as today. In the early years, there were seasons with as few as seven races. When F1 started in , only eight points were awarded to the winner. For the first decade of F1, an additional point was awarded for the fastest lap. For many years, only the best number of results would count toward the championship. 

In Alain Prost and Ayrton Senna were the drivers for McLaren. They were the best two drivers of that year. There were 16 races that year, but only the best 11 results counted towards the championship. Prost won seven races and finished seven races in second place. He scored a total of 105 points, but only 87 of them counted for the championship. Senna won eight races and finished second in three, giving him 90 points for the championship and 94 for the season. This resulted in the strange event where Prost took a record number of points, yet Senna won the championship.


Harpy eagle

The harpy eagle ("Harpia harpyja") is one of the largest eagles and most powerful birds of prey in the world. It is a magnificent meat-eater that lives in Central and South American rainforests. It is colored black and white.

This large eagle makes whistling and clicking calls. It is an endangered species because of the fragmentation and destruction of its habitat through logging, and also because of hunting.

The harpy eagle mostly eats large mammals, including monkeys and sloths. It eats howler monkeys, pygmy sloths, capybaras (the largest rodent in the world), foxes, capuchin monkeys, and some birds. Its talons reach to 5 inches, more than 2 times the length of a grizzly bear's claw.

Quadrivium

The Quadrivium is the medieval education which led to the Master of Arts (MA) degree. The Quadrivium follows the Trivium in a liberal arts education.

The quadrivium consisted of four which were related to mathematics:

These four studies compose the secondary part of the curriculum outlined by Plato in "The Republic". 

All the education was done in Latin, which educated pupils learnt at school, or from a private tutor. Latin was the "lingua franca" (universal language) of mediaeval Europe: even the Bible could only be read in Latin. Since the quadrivium was taught in universities, only boys could take it (because only males took part in universities). The teaching was done by priests. If girls wanted education, it had to be done in their homes. In the modern form of liberal arts in the United States, both sexes are taught, although there are still a few single-sex institutions.

Croke Park

Croke Park () is a stadium. It is the biggest stadium in Ireland. It is in the middle of Dublin. It is the third largest stadium in Europe. It can hold 82,300 people. The stadium is owned by the GAA (Gaelic Athletic Association), Ireland´s biggest sport organisation. Since 1884 it is used by the GAA. The annual finals of the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship and Senior Hurling Championship are held here Music concerts by major international acts have also been held. From 2007–2009 it was also used for rugby and soccer. The stadium is named after Thomas Croke, an archbishop, who was an early mentor of the GAA.

The area was used since 1870 as a sports ground. It was called Jones's Road Sportsground. Since the foundation of the Gaelic Athletic Association it was used for major events in Gaelic sports. In 1913 the ground was bought by them. At this time the ground had one stand and earth walls around the field. In the 1920s the capacity raised by building new stands. In the 1980s the GAA decided to build a high capacity stadium. The final constructions were in 2003.

During the Irish War of Independence on November 21, 1920 Croke Park was the scene of a massacre by the Royal Irish Constabulary (RIC). The police shot into a crowd which was visiting a Dublin-Tipperary Gaelic football match. The dead included 13 spectators and Tipperary's captain, Michael Hogan. To his memory the new stand of 1924 was named "Hogan Stand".

Iron(III) nitrate

Iron(III) nitrate, also known as ferric nitrate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Fe(NO). It contains iron in its +3 oxidation state. It also contains nitrate ions.

Iron(III) nitrate is a light purple solid. It dissolves easily in water. It is an oxidizing agent. It is acidic. It absorbs water easily to make a hydrate (chemical with water molecules attached to it). 

It is made by reacting iron or iron(III) oxide with nitric acid. The reaction of iron with nitric acid makes nitrogen dioxide. Nitrogen dioxide is a brown and toxic gas.

It is used to etch silver alloys. It is also used to make sodium amide. It acts as a catalyst in this reaction.

It can be mixed with clay to make an oxidant clay. This oxidant clay can be used to make organic molecules. 

Iron(III) nitrate is oxidizing, so it can catch things on fire. It is also corrosive to metal and can burn skin.


Ain-Diab Circuit

The Ain-Diab Circuit was a Formula One road circuit built in 1957, southwest of Ain-Diab in Morocco, using the existing coast road and the main road from Casablanca to Azemmour.

The 7.618 km (4.734 mi) course was designed by the Royal Automobile Club of Morocco. It was given a full blessing from Sultan Mohammed V. It was built in only six weeks. The site hosted an non-championship F1 race in 1957. On 19 October 1958 the course was the venue for the Moroccan Grand Prix, the final round in the Formula One season. It was won by Stirling Moss driving a Vanwall, completing the 53 laps in 2h 09m 15.1s.

There was a terrible accident during the race. The engine on the Vanwall of Stuart Lewis-Evans seized up. The car spun and crashed. He was severely burned, and died in a hospital in England six days later.



Beau Brummell

Beau Brummell, (born George Bryan Brummell, London 7 June 1778 – died Caen, France 30 March 1840), was the leader of men's fashion in Regency England. He was a friend of the Prince Regent, the future King George IV, and started the fashion for men to wear tailored clothes that were tasteful and fitted well.

Brummell once said: "If John Bull turns around to look at you, you are not well dressed; but either too stiff, too tight, or too fashionable". This hardly suggests a dandy whose cravats alone were a peacock display.

No doubt Brummell wore various styles, but one in particular seems to have been his favourite. The style included dark coats and full-length trousers, with an elaborately-knotted cravat. 

The coat was cut away at the front, and double-breasted. If worn open, it had a double-breasted waistcoat underneath. The tails of the coat were not long, ending above the back of the knees. They were cut square. The collar of the coat was a 'stand-up': it stood higher at the back of the neck.

Beau Brummell is credited with introducing and establishing as fashion the modern man's suit, worn with a tie. The modern tie is a descendant of the cravat. 

It is said that Brummell believed in cut rather than colour. In the illustration his clothes are well-fitted, but also quite colourful by our standards. 

He claimed to take five hours to dress. He recommended using champagne to clean boots and make them shine. His style of dress is often referred to as dandyism, Brummell would not have agreed with that description.

Brummell's personal grooming was very modern. He kept himself clean, which most people did not in his day. 

This kind of care is quite modern, and a part of celebrity culture today. He was a perfectionist in his choice of clothes. There's a story of someone who visited him, and met his valet coming out of the room carrying a tray full of cravats. "These, Sir, are our failures"! said the valet. Brummell said of himself "I have no talents other than to dress; my genius is in the wearing of clothes".

His father died in 1794, leaving him an inheritance of more than £20,000 pounds. He was educated at Eton and at Oriel College, Oxford University. He later joined the 10th Hussars, where he came to the attention of George, Prince of Wales. Through the influence of the Prince, Brummell was promoted to captain by 1796. When his regiment was sent from London to Manchester he resigned his commission.

For a time, Brummell avoided extravagance and gambling. For example, he kept horses but no carriages. He was included in Prince George's circle. Here, he made an impression with his elegant manner of dress, and his clever remarks. His attention to cleaning his teeth, shaving and bathing daily became popular. 

However he did spend money on his appearance. When asked how much it would cost to keep a single man in clothes, he was alleged to have replied: "Why, with tolerable economy, I think it might be done with £800".

Brummell was influenced by his wealthy friends. He began spending and gambling as though his fortune were as great as theirs. This was not a problem while he could still get credit, but that did not last. Brummel could borrow money based on his closeness to the Prince. But in 1811, the Prince became Regent and began abandoning all his old Whig friends.

Brummell, Lord Alvanley, Henry Mildmay and Henry Pierrepoint were the prime movers of "Watier's", called "the Dandy Club" by Byron. They were also the four hosts of the masquerade ball in July 1813. There an event occurred which ruined Brummel. The Prince Regent greeted Alvanley and Pierrepoint, but then "cut" Brummell and Mildmay by snubbing them, staring them in the face but not speaking to them. This provoked Brummell's remark, which became famous: "Alvanley, who's your fat friend?". This widened the rift between them. 

Normally, the loss of royal favour to a favourite was doom, but Brummell had the approval and friendship of other leading people. He became a favourite without a patron, still in charge of fashion and courted by large segments of society.

However, his debts spun out of control and, when he tried to recover by various schemes, that only dug the hole deeper. In 1816, he fled to France to escape debtor's prison. Payment was demanded of thousands of pounds sterling owed by him. Usually, Brummell's gambling debts, as "debts of honour", were always paid immediately. The one exception to this was the final wager recorded for him in White's betting book. Recorded March, 1815, the debt was marked "not paid, 20th January, 1816". 

He lived the remainder of his life in France. In the reign of William IV he got an appointment at Caen by the influence of Lord Alvanley and the Marquess of Worcester. This gave him a small annuity. His final comment to a visiting friend was "My wallpaper and I are fighting a battle to the death. One of us has to go!" He died penniless and insane from strokes in Caen in 1840.

A statue of Brummell by Irena Sedlecka was erected on London's Jermyn Street in 2002.


John Nash (architect)

John Nash (18 January 1752 – 13 May 1835) was an English architect responsible for much of the layout of Regency London. He was the most important architect of the period 1800 to 1835

Nash was born in Lambeth. He studied architecture as an apprentice to Sir Robert Taylor for nine years.

From 1810, Nash would take very few private commissions. He was a dedicated Whig and was a friend of Charles James Fox, who was Foreign Secretary in 1806. Perhaps through Fox, Nash came to the attention of the Prince Regent (later King George IV). For the rest of his career he would largely work for the Prince. His first major commissions in 1811 from the Prince was Regent Street and the development of an area then known as Marylebone Park.

With the Regent's backing Nash created a master plan for the area, put into action from 1818 onwards, which stretched from St James’s northwards and included Regent Street, Regent's Park and its neighbouring streets, terraces and crescents of elegant town houses and villas. Nash did not complete all the detailed designs himself; in some instances, completion was left in the hands of other architects. Nash was employed by the Prince to develop his Ocean Pavilion Palace in Brighton, originally designed by Henry Holland. By 1822 Nash had finished his work on the Ocean Pavilion, which was now transformed into the Royal Pavilion.

Examples of his work include:


John Pattisons house. Newport iow


Right to education

The right to education is one of the human rights, but it is not used by everyone. It is thought that all children should go to school for primary education from the age of three years, to the age of ten years. 
Furthermore, all children should have access to secondary education, and higher education. However, many children around the world cannot or do not go to secondary education or higher education. 

The right to education is written in Article 26 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Article 14 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. The right to education has also been re-stated in the 1960 UNESCO Convention against Discrimination in Education, 1st Protocol of ECHR and the 1981 Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.

It is also listed in the European Convention on Human Rights, Protocol 1, Article 2. Some national constitutions name this right, for example the Belgian constitution (former article 17, now article 24) or the . the right to education give preference to all the children and help for her rights of education.


Global Hunger Index

The Global Hunger Index is a measurement to measure the hunger situation in a country. It is a Statistical tool. There are three numbers which are used to calculate the GHI. Each number has the same importance:
To get the World Hunger index, the weighted average of the three numbers is taken. This number will be between 0 and 100. Higher numbers are worse. The numbers can be interpreted as follows:
Today, the highest values can be found in least developed countries esecially Africa south of the Sahara, and in South Asia, with values of 22.1, and 23.0. Even though the numbers may be similar, the source of the problem is different. In Sub-saharan Africa the main problem is high child mortality rates, and a large number of people who cannot meet their energy requirements. In South Asia, the main problem is the high number of malnurished children under the age of five. This may also be a consequence of the fact that women have a poorer education, and baby girls are not fed as well as baby boys.

The School of Athens

The School of Athens is a famous fresco by the artist Raphael. It was painted during the Italian Renaissance between 1510 and 1511. The picture is known as "Raphael's masterpiece and the perfect embodiment of the classical spirit of the High Renaissance".

It was painted as a part of Raphael's commission to decorate with frescoes the rooms now known as the , in the Apostolic Palace in the Vatican. 

Only the identities of some of the philosophers in the picture, such as Plato or Aristotle, are certain.

A proposed list of possible identifications, is the following:

1: Zeno of Citium
2: Epicurus Possibly, the image of two philosophers, who were typically shown in pairs during the Renaissance: Heraclitus, the "weeping" philosopher, and Democritus, the "laughing" philosopher.
3: unknown (believed to be Raphael)
4: Boethius or Anaximander or Empedocles?
5: Averroes
6: Pythagoras
7: Alcibiades or Alexander the Great?
8: Antisthenes or Xenophon or Timon?
9: Raphael, Fornarina as a personification of Love or Francesco Maria della Rovere?
10: Aeschines or Xenophon?
11: Parmenides? (Leonardo da Vinci)
12: Socrates
13: Heraclitus (Michelangelo)
14: Plato (Leonardo da Vinci)
15: Aristotle (Giuliano da Sangallo)
16: Diogenes of Sinope
17: Plotinus (Donatello?)
18: Euclid or Archimedes with students (Bramante?)
19: Strabo or Zoroaster? (Baldassare Castiglione)
20: Ptolemy?
R: Apelles (Raphael)
21: Protogenes (Il Sodoma, Perugino, or Timoteo Viti)

GP2 Series

The GP2 Series, GP2 for short, is a form of open wheel motor racing. GP2 was started in 2005 after the Formula 3000 was stopped. The format was conceived by Bernie Ecclestone and Flavio Briatore, while Ecclestone also has the rights to the name GP1. In 2010 the GP3 Series class was launched, as a feeder class for the GP2 series.

GP2 was designed to be an affordable racing series and a training series for Formula One. GP2 requires all of the teams to use the same chassis, engine and tyre supplier. Almost all races have taken place as support races on Formula One race weekends. Many drivers have used GP2 as a stepping stone into Formula One.

The GP2 Series car is used by all of the teams, and features a Dallara chassis powered by a V8 Renault engine and Bridgestone tyres.

The 4 L Renault V8 engine features design and software upgrades designed to improve performance and fuel consumption. The engine produces about 620 bhp (432.5 kW). GP2 Series engines are rev-limited to 10,000 rpm.

Bridgestone supplying three slick tyre compounds for racing on dry (soft, medium and hard). They also provide a wet weather tyre. The choice of tyre to be raced is made by the Bridgestone and the GP2 Series organizers prior to each event.

Brembo supplies the brakes.

On Friday, drivers have a 30-minute practice session and a 30-minute qualifying session. The qualifying session decides the grid order for Saturday's race which has a length of 180 kilometers.

During Saturday's race, each driver has to make a pit stop in which at least two tyres have to be changed.

On Sunday there is a sprint race of 120 km. The grid is decided by the Saturday result with top 8 being reversed, so the driver who finished 8th on Saturday will start from pole position and the winner will start from 8th place.

2005-2011


With this points system, the most number of points anyone can score in one round is 20 by claiming pole position, winning both races with the fastest lap in each race. This has only been achieved twice in GP2 Racing's short history. By Brazilian Nelson Piquet, Jr. in the 9th round of the 2006 season in Hungary and by German Nico Hülkenberg in the 5th round of the 2009 season in Germany.

2012-present
The top eight finishers in a sprint race receive points as follows:


Drivers are listed by their last year in GP2 Series. Usually they started in F1 at the start of the following season.

Note: Timo Glock had four Grand Prix starts in 2004, drove in GP2 Series in 2006-07 before moving to F1 in 2008.


Hacavitz

Hacavitz is a Mexican death metal band formed in 2003. The band took their name from the Mayan god Jacawitz. 









Patient

A patient is a someone receiving medical care and/or treatment. The person may be waiting for this care or may be receiving it or may have already received it. There is considerable lack of agreement about the precise meaning of the term "patient." From the Latin verb "patior" meaning "to suffer" both in the sense of feeling pain and in the sense of forbearance. Thus, the two uses of the word "patient" -- as a noun denoting "someone who suffers" and as an adjective meaning "to bear with forbearance" -- stem from the same origin.

Patient centered care is the hallmark of quality health care. This approach encourages respectful and responsive collaboration between health care professionals and patients and takes into consideration patients’ preferences, needs and values. Understanding patient experience is a key step in moving toward patient-centered care. By looking at various aspects of patient experience, one can assess the extent to which patients are receiving care that is respectful of and responsive to individual patient.

Inpatient care requires overnight hospitalization. Patients must stay at the medical facility where their procedure was done for at least one night. During this time, they remain under the supervision of a nurse or doctor.

Patients receiving outpatient care don’t need to spend a night in a hospital. They're free to leave the doctor’s office, outpatient clinic or hospital once the procedure is over. Sometimes, they need to wait while anesthesia wears off or to make sure there aren’t any complications. As long as there aren’t any serious complications, though, patients don’t have to spend the night being supervised.

Grouse

Grouse are a group of game birds from the order Galliformes. They are often considered a tribe Tetraonini in the family Phasianidae. The grouse are henlike terrestrial birds, their plumage is protectively shaded of brown, gray, and red. Entirely hidden by feathers, and also their legs are completely feathered.

Abhisit Vejjajiva

Abhisit Vejjajiva (; ; Thai pronunciation), born 3 August 1964 is the leader of the Democrat Party and 27th Prime Minister of Thailand.

After graduating from Eton, a famous public school in England, Abhisit get his bachelor's and master's degrees from the University of Oxford. He was elected to the Thai Parliament at the age of 27. In 2008, he became the country’s youngest-ever prime ministers at the age of 44 

Abhisit became prime minister during global economic crisis and faced rising politic problems in the country. The government under Abhisit Vejjajiva introduce economic stimulus to “REVIVE THE THAI ECONOMY with transparency and accountability”. The Economic Plan is separated into two phrases, Stimulus Package 1 and stimulus Package 2.

Born in Newcastle, England, went to Eton Public school during his teenage life, before continuing his higher education at Oxford University. Abhisit received at Bachelor’s Degree in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics (PPE) with first class honor and master's degree in Economics.

After graduation, Abhisit started his career life as lecturer at Oxford University in Economics before coming back to Thailand after receiving his master's degree as a Lecturer at Thammasart University from 1990-1991.
Abhisit’s “family is a circle of accomplished individuals”. His father, Professor Doctor Athasit Vejjajiva, an ex-minister of public health and his mother, Professor Doctor Sodsai Vejjajiva. One of his two sisters is a professor of child psychology. The other is a leading Thai author.


Formula Two

Formula Two, often called F2, is a type of open wheel auto racing. It served as a feeder series to Formula One. In 1985 it was replaced by Formula 3000. In 2008 the FIA announced that Formula Two would return for 2009 season in the form of the FIA Formula Two Championship. The goal is to develop a low-cost series to allow young drivers a chance to compete in the highest levels of motor racing.

Formula One is generally regarded as the top open-wheeled auto racing series. Because of the high performance and expense of the cars, a lower level racing series was needed for developing drivers and teams. For much of the history of F1, Formula Two was that step in the racing ladder.

Before the Second World War, there was a division of racing cars smaller and less powerful than the Grand Prix racers. This division was usually called voiturette ("small car") racing. It provided a place for amateur or less experienced drivers and smaller team to prove themselves.

In 1946, Formula A (later known at Formula 1) was introduced. The old 1.5 L voiturette formula was replaced with 3.0 L supercharged cars.

Formula Two (first known as Formula B) was first formally defined in 1948 by the FIA as a smaller and cheaper racers to complement to the Grand Prix cars of the era.

The engines 2.0 L normally aspirated or 750 cc supercharged. The 750 cc engines were rarely used. This brought new manufactures, such as Cooper to move up to Formula Two. Formula One in its early years was very expensive. There were so few cars entered for the 1952 and 1953 that the World Championship Grand Prix races were run to Formula Two rules.

F2 started to decline with the arrival of the 2.5 L Formula One in 1954. A new format of Formula Two was introduced for 1957 with 1.5 L engines. This became dominated by rear-engined Coopers and "Bobtail" sports car. Porsches cars based on their RSK sports cars enjoying some success. Ferrari originally developed their 'Sharknose' Dino 156 as an F2 car. The dominant engine was the Coventry-Climax FPF four cylinder.

Formula Junior was introduced in 1959. It tried to replace F3 and F2. It was realised that it needed to be split up. F2 and F3 were reintroduced for the 1964 season. F2 cars had a 1.0 L engine. Many F1 stars drove in the F2 series on their "off-days".
By the late 1960s, many felt the gap between F1 and F2 too wide. A new 1.6 L production-based engine formula for F2 was introduced. This brought the series back to a feeder series for F1. The most popular engine was the Cosworth FVA.

In 1967, the FIA introduced the European Formula Two Championship. Jacky Ickx, driving a Matra MS5, won the first championship.

In 1972, the formula was changed to increase power. 2.0 L production-based engines were allowed. Cosworth BDs and BMW four-cylinder engines dominated the early years. BMW-powered Marches slowly gained the lead. For 1976, race only engines were permitted.

After the 1984 season, Formula Two was upgraded to Formula 3000. This was an attempt to merge F2-style chassis with the normally-aspirated 3000cc Cosworth DFV V8 engines. These engines were now obsolete in the all-turbocharged Formula One.

F3000 was replaced by the GP2 Series in 2005. To save money, standard 4000cc V8 engines are used. They provided 580 hp at low a cost.

The Formula Two name returned in 2009, following an FIA announcement on 25 June 2008.

MotorSport Vision (MSV) won the contract to supply chassis and engines for the new FIA Formula Two Championship. MSV is also the promoter of the Championship as well as the operating entity for all of the cars.

The cars were designed by Williams Grand Prix Engineering Ltd and prepared by MotorSport Vision (MSV). The open wheel chassis is powered by a 1.8L turbocharged Audi engine developed by Mountune Racing. The new F2 cars are aimed to fall between F1 and F3 in performance. MSV, owned by former Formula One driver, Jonathan Palmer. The first championship was won by Andy Soucek. The season was marred by the death of Henry Surtees during Round 4 at Brands Hatch.

A number of other Formula Two series have existed around the world. They include Japanese Formula Two (now known as Formula Nippon), Australian Formula 2 (since 1964). Other national Formula Two series include Mexican, Brazilian, Argentina, and South American. The British Formula 3000 series was briefly known as Formula Two.


Lechites

Lechites, or Lekhites (), are an ethnic and linguistic subdivision of West Slavs.



Zinc hydroxide

Zinc hydroxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Zn(OH). It contains zinc and hydroxide ions.

Zinc hydroxide is a white solid. It does not dissolve in water. It reacts with acids to make zinc salts. It dissolves in concentrated bases. It dissolves in ammonia to make a colorless solution. It can be heated to make zinc oxide.

Zinc hydroxide is found as a few rare minerals. It is not a main zinc ore.

Zinc hydroxide can be made by reacting zinc chloride or zinc sulfate with sodium hydroxide. A dilute solution of sodium hydroxide was used so the zinc hydroxide didn't dissolve. 

Zinc hydroxide is used to absorb blood in large bandages. These bandages are used after surgery.


Zinc phosphate

Zinc phosphate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Zn(PO). It contains zinc and phosphate ions.

Zinc phosphate is a white solid. It does not dissolve in water. It can react with strong acids to make phosphoric acid and a zinc salt. 

It can be made by reacting zinc with phosphoric acid. It is normally made by reacting zinc oxide and magnesium oxide with a mixture of phosphoric acid, water, and a buffer. 

It is used as a cement in dentistry. It rarely is found as a mineral.


Zinc bromide

Zinc bromide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ZnBr. It contains zinc and bromide ions.

Zinc bromide is a colorless solid. It dissolves in water. It makes an acidic solution.

It can be made by reacting barium bromide with zinc sulfate. This forms barium sulfate which can be filtered out. It can also be made by reacting zinc with bromine. It can also be made by reacting zinc with hydrogen bromide or hydrobromic acid.

It can be used in organic chemistry. It can be used as a shield against radiation. There is a battery that uses zinc bromide.


Barium bromide

Barium bromide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BaBr. It contains barium and bromide ions.

Barium bromide is a colorless solid. It dissolves easily in water. It is very toxic because of the barium ions. It reacts with the sulfate ion to make insoluble (does not dissolve in water) barium sulfate. 

Barium bromide can be made by reacting barium carbonate with hydrobromic acid. It can also be made by a violent reaction between barium and bromine. 

It can be used to make zinc bromide. It also is used to purify radium.


Zinc iodide

Zinc iodide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ZnI. It contains zinc and iodide ions.

Zinc iodide is a colorless solid. It dissolves in water. It reacts with bases to make zinc hydroxide. It is a reducing agent. When it is oxidized it makes iodine.

It is made by reacting zinc with iodine. 

It is opaque (not clear) to X-rays. It can be used as a stain in microscope slides.


Zinc fluoride

Zinc fluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ZnF. It contains zinc and fluoride ions.

Zinc fluoride is a colorless solid. It only dissolves a little in water. It reacts with bases to make zinc hydroxide.

Zinc fluoride is made by reacting zinc chloride with a fluoride. It can also be made by reacting zinc with fluorine. It also can be made by reacting zinc with hydrofluoric acid to make hydrogen and zinc fluoride.


Zinc nitrate

Zinc nitrate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Zn(NO). It contains zinc and nitrate ions.

Zinc nitrate is a colorless solid. It dissolves in water. It reacts with bases to make zinc hydroxide. It reacts with sodium carbonate to make zinc carbonate.

It can be made by reacting zinc metal or zinc oxide with nitric acid.

It can be used as a mordant. It is also used as a source of zinc ions.


Smithsonite

Smithsonite is a mineral. It contains zinc carbonate, ZnCO. It is an ore of zinc. It has a Mohs hardness (a hardness scale) of 4.5. It has a specific gravity of 4.5. Some zinc can be replaced with manganese to make manganese carbonate.

Zinc sulfate

Zinc sulfate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ZnSO. It contains zinc and sulfate ions.

Zinc sulfate is a colorless solid. It dissolves in water. It can react with bases to make zinc hydroxide. 

Zinc sulfate can be made by reacting zinc or zinc oxide with sulfuric acid. It can also be made by reacting copper sulfate with zinc.

Zinc sulfate can be used to add zinc to the soil. It is also used to add zinc to animal feed. It was once used to remove acne. 


Zinc sulfide

Zinc sulfide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ZnS. It contains zinc and sulfide ions.

Zinc sulfide is white when pure. It does not dissolve in water. It can burn at a high temperature to make sulfur dioxide and zinc oxide. It reacts with strong acids to make hydrogen sulfide. 

Zinc sulfide can be made by igniting a mixture of powdered zinc and sulfur. Another way of making it is to react hydrogen sulfide with a zinc compound.

Zinc sulfide is used to convert ultraviolet light to visible light. It can be doped with copper to make it glow in the dark. 


Zinc oxide

Zinc oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ZnO. It contains zinc and oxide ions.

Zinc oxide is a white solid. It does not dissolve in water. It reacts with acids to make zinc salts. It can react with water to make zinc hydroxide. It reacts with phosphoric acid to make zinc phosphate, a cement. It reacts with hydrogen sulfide to make zinc sulfide. It dissolves in strong bases. It can be reduced by carbon to zinc metal.

Zinc oxide can be made by heating powdered zinc metal. It can also be made by heating zinc hydroxide. It can be made by boiling zinc metal in air. Zinc carbonate makes zinc oxide when heated.

Zinc oxide is used in the vulcanization of rubber, preventing the rubber from becoming brittle. It also protects the rubber from fungi and ultraviolet light.

Zinc oxide can be added to concrete to help the making and hardening of concrete. Zinc oxide is used in calamine. It can be used as a deodorant and an antibacterial cream. Zinc oxide can be used as a sunscreen.

It can be added to food to add zinc to the diet. It can also be used in paint as a pigment. It also clings to certain metals better.

Zinc oxide is not toxic, but fine dust of zinc oxide can irritate the lungs when inhaled or aspirated.


Kazuki Nakajima

Nakajima was born in Okazaki, Aichi, Japan. He is the son of the retired Formula One driver Satoru Nakajima. His younger brother, Daisuke, is also a racing driver.

Nakajima started his career in racing in 1996, when he started karting. His father had been backed by Toyota's arch-rivals Honda through his career. Nakajima hoped that by joining Toyota he would shield himself against any claims that his father had promoted his career.

In 2002, Nakajima won a scholarship in Formula Toyota, which he became champion in a year later. He progressed onto Japanese Formula Three in 2004, winning two of the 20 races and finishing fifth in the Drivers' Championship. Nakajima stayed in Japanese Formula Three for 2005, finishing second. He also raced in the Japanese GT300 sports car series, where he ended the year eighth.

Nakajima moved to the Formula Three Euroseries in 2006. He finished seventh with 36 points.

In November 2006, Nakajima was named a Williams test driver for the 2007 season. Nakajima's debut in a Formula One car came at Fuji Speedway during November 2006, where he completed four demonstration laps in wet conditions.

Nakajima raced in the GP2 series in 2007 for the DAMS team. Nakajima also served as Williams' test driver, completing 7,000 km of testing for the team.

Nakajima's first year in GP2 finished with no wins, but five consecutive podiums and ended the year as top rookie.

It was announced on 9 October 2007 that following the retirement of Alexander Wurz, Nakajima would race for Williams in the season finale in Brazilian Grand Prix. Nakajima finished tenth in the race. He set the fifth fastest lap – quicker than his team-mate Nico Rosberg, who finished fourth. 

On 7 November it was confirmed by Williams that Nakajima would partner Rosberg at the Williams team for the season. He had a successful start to 2008 at the Australian Grand Prix. He finishing seventh but promoted to sixth after Rubens Barrichello was disqualified. He then finished seventh in the Spanish Grand Prix. Nakajima scored two points at Monaco. He was the first Japanese Formula One driver to scored a point at Monaco. Nakajima scored again at the British Grand Prix. In Singapore, Nakajima made it to the third qualifying round for the first time. He qualifyed 10th and finish eighth and scored a point.

Nakajima was retained by Williams for the season. At the Australian Grand Prix he crashed into the wall at turn six, putting him out of the race. Nakajima also retired at Bahrain. He crashed two laps from the end of the Monaco Grand Prix whilst running in 10th place. At the British Grand Prix, Nakajima qualifying in an fifth place, hi highest starting spot. Nakajima finished the season without scoring a single point.

Williams signed Rubens Barrichello and Nico Hülkenberg for 2010, leaving Nakajima without a seat. Stefan GP announced on 19 February 2010 that Nakajima was one of the team's drivers. Strefan GP was built from the remains of the Toyota F1 team. Toyota had withdrawn from F1 in late 2009. Stefan GP did not have an entry to the 2010 Formula One season. The FIA ruled that Stefan GP could not be entered for the season at such a late stage. That left Nakajima with no ride in Formula One for 2010.


Melissa Etheridge

Melissa Lou Etheridge (born May 29, 1961) is an American singer and musician. Her songs include "Come to my Window" and "I'm the Only One". Etheridge was born in Leavenworth, Kansas. She has fifteen Grammy Award nominations. She has won two Grammy Awards.

Etheridge won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for the song "I Need to Wake Up". That song was from the movie "An Inconvenient Truth".

Etheridge came out as lesbian in January 1993. She was diagnosed with breast cancer in October 2004 and has recovered.


List of The Fairly OddParents episodes

The Fairly OddParents is an American animated television series that aired on Nickelodeon and Nicktoons. Created by Butch Hartman and Bob Boyle, the series is based on a series of Oh Yeah! Cartoons, beginning with the short The Fairly OddParents!.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

All of the episodes of "The Fairly OddParents" listed below are arranged in their production order, rather than their airdate. 

<onlyinclude>

Helen Reddy

Helen Reddy (25 October 1941 – 29 September 2020) was an Australian actress and singer-songwriter. Her hits are "Angie Baby" and "No Way to Treat a Lady". She was born in Australia in 1941. In the United States she had fifteen singles in the Top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100. Her signature hit was "I Am Woman."

Reddy died on 29 September 2020 in Los Angeles, California from dementia-related problems at the age of 78.

Tropical Storm Allison (1989)

Tropical Storm Allison is a storm that struck Texas and west central Louisiana during June 1989. It was responsible for $500 million in damage and eleven deaths. The storm formed from a westward moving tropical wave merged with the remnants of Pacific Hurricane Cosme. Despite the damage, the name "Allison" was not retired. However, in June 2001, another Tropical Storm Allison caused major damage in the same areas, causing the name "Allison" to be retired.

Hurricane Celia

Hurricane Celia struck the Corpus Christi, Texas region in 1970. The hurricane caused almost $930 million in damage. Celia was the strongest Atlantic hurricane of 1970. It was the costliest storm in Texas history at the time, though other hurricanes since then have caused more destruction.

Carole King

Carole King (born February 9, 1942) is an American songwriter, and singer-songwriter. King and her writing partner Gerry Goffin wrote over twenty songs that became chart hits. Many different artists recorded her songs in the 1960s. In 1971 she wrote and recorded the album "Tapestry". This became very successful. It was at the top of the U.S. album chart for 15 weeks. It is one of the best selling albums of all time.

King was born on Manhattan. She grew up in Brooklyn. She had her first No. 1 hit as a songwriter in 1961, with "Will You Love Me Tomorrow."

In 2000, Joel Whitburn, who wrote for "Billboard Magazine", named her the most successful female songwriter of 1955–99, because she wrote or co-wrote 118 pop hits on the Billboard Hot 100.

King made 25 solo albums. The album that people liked best was "Tapestry". Her most recent album is "Live at the Troubadour", which she made with James Taylor. This album was #4 on the charts in its first week, and has sold over 400,000 copies.

She has won four Grammy Awards and was inducted into (joined) the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for her songwriting. In 2009, Carole King was inducted into the "Hit Parade" Hall of Fame. Of all the albums made by women ever, "Tapestry" stayed on the charts for the longest time, and was the best-selling album for the longest time.



Hurricane Connie

Hurricane Connie was a strong hurricane that happened in the Mid Atlantic states and North Carolina. It caused a lot of damage. After that, the name Connie was later retired.

Rhenock

Rhenock (Nepali: रिनाक ) is a small town in East district in the Indian state of Sikkim, located at . It is 63 kilometres east of Gangtok on the way to Jelepla Pass at an altitude of 1,040. The word Rhe-nock (in Lepcha dialect) means Black Hill. It is in the far east of Sikkim. Rhenock had the first police out post in the state, which is the historical event.
Rhenock was covered with dense forest in and around the 13th century. The Lepchas were the early settlers about six to five hundred years ago. After the Lepchas, Bhutias settled in the villages presently known as Kyongsa, Aritar & Chalisey. The people who settled here after 16th century were mostly from Nepali ethnic group such as Newars, Bahuns (Adhikari, Paudel, Gautam, Dahal, Bhandari and Achaarja), Chhetri (Subedi, Khatiwada & Bista), Gurung, Rai and Limboo.

Rhenock is inhabited by the people of different ethnic groups such as Lepchas, Bhutias, Nepalis (Gorkhas), Biharis and Marwaris. Lepcha tribes who were early settlers have their own unique culture. Originally followers of Shamanism religion, later became the followers of Buddhism. Some of them are the followers of Christianity. Bhutias are another group tribes who are the followers of Buddhism also have their own identity & culture. Majority of the people are Indian Nepalis also known as Gorkha. Most of them are the Hindus by religion. Some of the Nepalis Gurung After 1990 became Buddhist, before that they were followers of Hinduism. Some others are the followers of Christianity. In spite of above all every one respects others belief and faith and celebrates others' festivals which makes a peaceful and prosperous society.

Rhenock has about 130 years' long history of education. Rhenock School is among the oldest schools of Sikkim. It was established by a Christian missionary in the year 1880 at Rhenock (Khamdong). Later it was taken over by the government of Sikkim and moved to Kingstone. Presently the school is known as Senior Secondary School, Rhenock. A Sanskrit Pathshala (School) was run in the premises of Rhenock Temple to teach Sanskrit and rituals to train Hindu priest. After the merger of Sikkim into Indian union more than a dozens of schools were opened by the govt. of Sikkim. Now, Rhenock has following educational institutions


Deekshabhoomi

Deekshabhoomi is a historical place in India where about 1,000,000 people were converted from Hinduism to Buddhism at a single moment on October 14, 1956. These people were people of lower classes who converted under the leadership of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar. Ambedkar felt that their human rights could only be protected as Bhuddists.

Deekshabhoomi is in the city of Nagpur, Maharashtra in central India. It is an important tourist attraction.

Gamestar

Gamestar is a German monthly released PC computer game magazine. It is published by the IDG Entertainment Media GmbH in Munich. The first edition was 10/1997 with a prize of 6,90 DM. Current prize is 6,30€ (XL version), 5,30€ (DVD version) and 3,50€ (Magazin version).


Rhinoceros hornbill

The rhinoceros hornbill ("Buceros rhinoceros") is one of the largest hornbills: adults are about the size of a swan. It lives in parts of Malaya and Thailand. 

It usually wanders in the forest, where it lives, in search of fruits and nuts to eat. Hornbills use their big bills to open the tough husks of nuts and to handle large fruit. 

Oystercatcher

The oystercatcher is a species of bird that lives around Europe and Asia. They usually eat shellfishes that are found on beaches and mud. The Eurasian Oystercatcher uses its sharp bill to open the shells of oysters and mussels. It cuts the muscle between the two halves of the shell together, or it crashes the shell against a rock and eats the oyster inside.

The oystercatcher has the heaviest bill (= beak) of any living wader. They have "resource polymorphism": they have some different beak types, and each type is used for a different kind of feeding. Unusually, the polymorphism is not genetically determined. It seems individuals are able to change their beak to suit their food. They do, of course, inherit an ability to adapt their feeding behaviour.

"Stabbers" work by jabbing their bill tips between the valves of a mussel's shell. "Hammerers" open mussel shells by banging down on them; some hammerers only break the dorsal side, others only break the ventral side. Still others feed on worms, and they have narrow, tweezer-like bill tips.

The bird's bills grow at 0.4 mm per day, which is four times as fast as human fingernails. Individuals forced to switch from mussel-eating to worm-eating were able to change their bill shape in 10 days.

With bills like that, oystercatchers are dangerous opponents for other birds. They can fight off predators, and often raid other birds to steal their catches. "They attack other birds at an average of five-minute intervals during low tide". They get as much as 60% of their food by theft.

Oystercatchers may live to 35 years.

Kart racing

Kart racing or karting is a type of open-wheel motor sport. It uses small, open, four-wheeled vehicles called karts, go-karts, or gearbox/shifter karts depending on the design. They are usually raced on scaled-down kart circuits. Karting is commonly seen as the stepping stone to the higher and more expensive ranks of motorsports.

Karts vary widely in speed. Some known as Superkarts can reach speeds exceeding . Go-karts for the general public used for fun may be limited to speeds of . 

Art Ingels is generally accepted to be the father of karting. He was a long time hot rodder and a race car builder at Kurtis Kraft. He built the first kart in Southern California in 1956. 

The chassis are made of steel tube. There is no suspension. The chassis must flex enough to work as the suspension. 


Braking is achieved by a disc brake mounted on the rear axle. Front disc brakes are becoming popular. Some classes do not allow them.

Amusement park go-karts can be powered by 4-stroke engines or electric motors. Racing karts use small 2-stroke or 4-stroke engines.

Karts do not have a differential. Both rear wheels turn at the same speed. Because of this, one rear tire must slide while cornering. 

Power is transmitted from the engine to the rear axle by way of a chain.

Wheels and tires are much smaller than those used on a normal car. 

Like other motorsports, karts use different tires for the track conditions. Slicks are used for dry weather. Rain tires or "wets" are used for wet weather. Slicks with grooves cut into them are used for dirt tracks. Spiked tires are used for ice. 

Kart racing is generally accepted as the most economic form of motorsport available. As a fun pastime, it can be performed by almost anybody. As a motorsport, it is regulated by FIA (under the name of Commission Internationale de Karting (CIK).

In the USA, many organizations regulate racing, such as the International Kart Federation (IKF), World Karting Association (WKA), Karters of America Racing Triad (KART), and Stars of Karting presented by the Indy Racing League. In the UK, the Motor Sports Association (MSA) regulate Karting. In Australia, kart racing is administered by the Australian Karting Association on the behalf of FIA and Confederation of Australian Motor Sport (CAMS).

Kart racing is usually used as a low-cost and relatively safe way to introduce drivers to motor racing. Many people think it is for young drivers, but adults are also very active in karting. Karting is considered a first step in a racer's career. It can help develop quick reflexes, precision car control, and decision-making skills. 

Besides traditional kart racing, many commercial enterprises offer karts for rent, often called "recreational" or "concession" karts. The tracks can be indoor or outdoor. Karts are rented by sessions (10 to 15 minutes usually), they use sturdy chassis completed with bodywork for driver safety. 
Outdoor tracks can offer low speed karts strictly for amusement, or faster, more powerful karts similar to a racing kart. Typically, these outdoor tracks may also be used for traditional kart races.

Governing Bodies:

Deutsche Mark

The Deutsche Mark (DM) was the official currency of West Germany (1948–1990) and Germany (1990–2002) until the adoption of the euro in 2002. One Deutsche Mark was divided into 100 Pfennig. 1DM ~ 0,50 EUR.

Blue Byte Software

Blue Byte Software (short Blue Byte) is a video game developer based in Düsseldorf, Germany, founded in 1988. The company has produced popular titles like Battle Isle and The Settlers. Since 2001, the company has been owned by Ubisoft.

Bristlemouth

The bristlemouth is a fish that lives in the deep middle layers of the sea. Their prey is hard to find in the dark, so they have light organs on their belly. It also helps them to find potential mates. 

Black-headed weaver

The black-headed weaver ("Ploceus melanocephalus"), also known as the yellow-backed weaver, is a bird with a black head and golden body. The male black-headed weaver usually does the weaving, however, and the female sits for the eggs. The male stitches strips of straws to make a basket with a roof. He uses grasses to tie knots and make sure the nest is completely secure. Finally, he shows the nest to females, in effort to attract a mate. The males usually mate with many females during the mating season to get more offspring. They all nest in colonies, and in the end the females are left to raise their young alone. The seeds that the black-headed weaver tends to feed on is very common, so they do not need to stay and defend their family's territory or food.

Rufous hornero

The rufous hornero ("Furnarius rufus") is a kind of bird that lives around South America. It builds its nests on high places such as telephone poles, or trees. When it makes a nest, it looks like a cup that has fallen over to the side, or like an old-fashioned baker's oven. To make it, the Rufous Hornero mixes grass and animal hair and mud, and then leaves it to dry. Inside there is a grassy room where it lays its eggs.

Scarlet tanager

The scarlet tanager ("Piranga olivacea") is a bird that lives in the Americas. It likes to make its nests in oak trees that are as high as from 8 to 75 feet (2.6 to 22.5 m) tall. The nests are shaped like cups, like most tree-nesting birds. This stops eggs from rolling out. 

Western grebe

The western grebe is a species of Grebe, or bird. They are well known for their dancing on the top of the water in their early nesting season after mating. The two birds will hold long strands of grass or straw in their bills and dance a dance called "weed dancing". Then, at the climax, they rise and make a pose, which is called rushing, and run across the water's surface for a little bit before they dive. Males also used this dance when they wanted to protect their territories or fight over the female.

Messier catalogue

The Messier Catalogue is a list of astronomical objects made by French astronomer Charles Messier in 1771. Messier was a comet hunter, and was annoyed by fuzzy objects which were not comets. He put together a list of these objects, with his assistant Pierre Méchain.

The list uses numbers with an 'M' in front. Messier was limited by the objects he could see from France, so the list is incomplete by today's standards. It remains popular because people have used it for centuries and they are familiar with it. 

The first edition covered 45 objects numbered M1 to M45. The total list published by Messier finally contained 103 objects, and the list was made up to 110 by modern astronomers working from Messier's notes..

Other catalogues exist, most notably the New General Catalogue.

Almost all the items are either star clusters or nebulae. There are only three galaxies in the first fifty, starting with Andromeda at M31. Individual stars are not listed. The first ten in the list are:

Barium sulfide

Barium sulfide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BaS. It contains barium and sulfide ions.

Barium sulfide is colorless when pure. It can get colored when it is not pure. It reacts slowly with water to make barium hydroxide and hydrogen sulfide. It reacts with acids to make a barium salt and hydrogen sulfide, too.

It is made by reduction of barium sulfate with carbon at a high temperature. 

It is used to make barium compounds from barium ore.

Barium sulfide looks very similar to barium sulfate. Barium sulfate is not toxic, while barium sulfide is very toxic. Barium sulfide dissolves in water to make toxic hydrogen sulfide and toxic barium hydroxide. If someone is fed barium sulfide, it would kill them.


Plasmodium

Plasmodium, commonly known as the malaria parasite, is a large genus of parasitic protozoa. There are about 200 species. Infection with these protozoans is called malaria, a deadly disease widespread in the tropics. The parasite always has two hosts in its life cycle: a mosquito vector and a vertebrate host.

The life-cycle is very complex. There is a sequence of different stages in the vector and the host. These stages include: 

The genus "Plasmodium" was first described in 1885. At least ten species infect humans. Other species infect other animals, including birds, reptiles and rodents, while 29 species infect non-human primates. The Apicomplexa – the phylum to which "Plasmodium" belongs – are thought to have originated within the Dinoflagellates – a large group of photosynthetic protozoa.

The most common forms of human malaria are caused by "Plasmodium falciparum", "Plasmodium vivax", "Plasmodium ovale", and "Plasmodium malariae". "P. falciparum" malaria, common in sub-Saharan Africa, is especially dangerous.

Barium peroxide

Barium peroxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BaO. It contains barium and peroxide ions.

Barium peroxide is a gray-white solid. It reacts with water to make oxygen gas. When it is heated very hot, it releases oxygen and turns into barium oxide. 

It is made by heating barium oxide. This process used to be used to get oxygen from the air. Barium oxide was heated to around 300°C, absorbing oxygen and making barium peroxide. The barium peroxide was heated above 500°C, releasing the oxygen. Then it could be reused.

Barium peroxide can be used to make hydrogen peroxide by reaction with sulfuric acid. This also makes the solid barium sulfate. 


Peroxide

Peroxide is an ion. Its chemical formula is O. Peroxide can be a reducing agent or an oxidizing agent. More often it is an oxidizing agent. It can be reduced to oxide or oxidized to oxygen. Hydrogen peroxide is the most common peroxide. Barium peroxide is another peroxide.

There are organic peroxides. These are chemical compounds where peroxide is attached to an organic molecule. Some of them are explosives.


Barium oxide

Barium oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BaO. It contains barium and oxide ions.

Barium oxide is a white solid. It dissolves in water to make barium hydroxide. It reacts with acids to make barium salts.

Barium oxide is made by heating barium carbonate with carbon. This prevents barium peroxide from forming when it is heated. It can also be made by heating barium nitrate.

Barium oxide can be added to glass instead of lead(II) oxide. It is also used in cathode ray tubes. It can be used as a catalyst.

Barium oxide is very toxic when eaten.


Barium nitrate

Barium nitrate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Ba(NO). It contains barium and nitrate ions.

Barium nitrate is a colorless solid. It dissolves in water. It is an oxidizing agent. It releases a green flame when burned. It decomposes when heated to barium oxide, oxygen, and nitrogen dioxide. If it is heated in nitric oxide, it makes barium nitrite. It reacts with any sulfate or sulfuric acid to make barium sulfate.

It is made by reacting barium carbonate with nitric acid. It can also be prepared by reacting the solutions of sodium nitrate with barium chloride.

Barium nitrate can be mixed with powdered aluminium and zinc. This makes an explosive. It is also used in fireworks to make a green color. It is also used to make barium oxide.

Barium nitrate is very toxic. Sulfates can be given if someone eats barium, because they turn it into nontoxic barium sulfate.


Barium hydroxide

Barium hydroxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Ba(OH). It contains barium and hydroxide ions.

Barium hydroxide is a white solid. It dissolves in water to make a basic solution. It decomposes to barium oxide when heated in a vacuum. It reacts with carbon dioxide to make barium carbonate. It reacts with any sulfate to make barium sulfate. It reacts with hydrogen sulfide to make barium sulfide.

It is made by dissolving barium oxide in water.

Barium hydroxide is used in titrations. If sodium hydroxide solution is used, some sodium carbonate may be in there. It is less basic than sodium hydroxide, so the titration can be messed up. When barium hydroxide reacts with carbon dioxide to make barium carbonate, it forms a white solid that can be removed.

It is used as a strong base in organic chemistry. It is used to clean up sulfuric acid spills by making barium sulfate. It can also be used for removing ink marks from clothes.

Barium hydroxide is corrosive because it is basic. It is also toxic because of barium ions.


Barium carbonate

Barium carbonate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BaCO. It contains barium and carbonate ions.

Barium carbonate is a white solid. It does not dissolve in water. It reacts with acids to make barium salts. It turns into barium oxide and carbon dioxide when heated. It reacts with sulfuric acid to make barium sulfate though.

Barium carbonate occurs as witherite. Witherite is the main source of barium salts. It is more easily turned into other barium compounds than barium sulfate, barite. It is heavily mined in Northumberland. It turns into barium sulfate when water containing sulfates flows through it.

It can be purified from the natural ore, or it can be made by reacting barium sulfide with sodium carbonate. It can also be made by reacting barium sulfide with a mixture of carbon dioxide and water.

Barium carbonate is used to poison rats. It is also used in making bricks. It is also used to glaze ceramics. This glaze can make different colors.

Barium carbonate can dissolve in stomach acid, so it is toxic. There is a controversy over whether it should be used as a glaze.


Barry Goldwater

Barry Morris Goldwater (January 2, 1909 – May 29, 1998) was a conservative politician from the United States. He represented Arizona in the United States Senate. 

He ran for President of the United States in 1964 against Lyndon B. Johnson. He did not win. Goldwater was a member of the Republican Party. He was a Freemason. He wrote "The Conscience of a Conservative". He was born in Phoenix, Arizona. He was a commentator on the Cable News Network (CNN) in its early years.

Goldwater died from a stroke in Paradise Valley, Arizona, aged 89. He was suffering from Alzheimer's disease.

Goldwater was called "Mr. Conservative" during his political career. He was a Senator from Arizona, replacing Ernest McFarland. In 1960, he wrote "The Conscience of a Conservative". The book was a best seller. In 1964, he was the Republican candidate for President. He ran against Lyndon Johnson. Goldwater's most famous quote (which he said in July 1964 in San Francisco) was "Extremism in the Defense of Liberty is no vice, and Moderation in the Pursuit of Justice is no virtue." He meant that people should always do what was necessary to make the world freer and more just even if it was hard or made them unpopular. Goldwater lost to Johnson by a large number of votes.

Goldwater went back to the Senate after losing the election. His run for president helped start the conservative movement of today, which agrees with many of Goldwater's ideas. He didn't agree with the social conservatives who were against abortion and gay rights. Goldwater stayed in the Senate until 1987. He helped Sandra Day O'Connor get on the Supreme Court. He passed a military reform law. Goldwater retired to Arizona after being in the Senate. He died in Arizona in 1998.

Goldwater enjoyed photography, airplanes, and radio. He collected Native American Kachina Dolls, which are made by the Native Americans of Arizona. He donated his collection to a museum. Goldwater had four children.

Chris Ivory

Chris Ivory (born March 22, 1988) is an American football running back for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League. He was signed as a free agent by the Saints on May 3, 2010. He played college football at Washington State and at Tiffin University in Ohio.

Ivory played both football and track and field in high school at Longview High School in Longview, Texas.

Ivory played three years for Washington State. Because of injuries, he did not get to play as much as he could have. In 22 games, he rushed 91 times for 534 yards and 4 touchdowns. He also had 23 kickoff returns, averaging 22.8 yards. In August 2009, Ivory was kicked off the Washington State team.

Ivory then went to Tiffin, a Division II school in Tiffin, Ohio, whose team was coached by Dave Walkosky. Walkosky had been a Washington State assistant coach. In Ivory's final year of college football, he had 39 rushes for 223 yards in five games before hurting his knee, which ended his season. Walkosky tried to get a medical redshirt exemption for Ivory, which would have let Ivory play another year, but he did not get one. Even though he did not play much at Tiffin, some NFL scouts saw Ivory's performance and speed, and some people thought he could become the first Tiffin player to be picked in the NFL Draft. However, this did not happen.

Ivory was not drafted, but he reached a deal with the Saints immediately after the draft, and signed as a free agent on May 3, 2010. He played well in training camp and preseason games. This included a good game against the San Diego Chargers that included a 76-yard touchdown on a swing pass. Chris Ivory made the Saints 53 man roster after beating out Ladell Betts for the last running back position with a great preseason performance.


Ad Council

The Advertising Council, mostly called the Ad Council, is an American non-profit organization that creates public service announcements on behalf of sponsors, including non-profit organizations and the United States government.

The Advertising Council does not make public service advertisements for itself but it acts as a creator of them for others. The Advertising Council allows sponsor organizations to create advertising that are on social issues as well.

The Advertising Council was created in 1941, and shortly after, in February 1942, it was registered as The War Advertising Council for the purpose of being in the advertising industry in support of the Second World War effort. Early ads tried to tell people about the purchase of war bonds and saving of war things.

After the Second World War, the War Advertising Council changed its name to the Advertising Council and shifted its focus to peacetime ads. In 1945, the Ad Council began working with the National Safety Council.





Mobile Suit Gundam 00

Mobile Suit Gundam 00 (Japanese ) is a manga and anime. It is the seventh part of the of Sunrise's "Gundam" series. It has two seasons. It is directed by Seiji Mizushima and written by Yōsuke Kuroda. Yun Kōga designed the characters. The series aired on the Mainichi Broadcasting System and Tokyo Broadcasting System from October 5, 2007 to March 29, 2008. The second season began on October 5, 2008 and ended on March 29, 2009.

"Mobile Suit Gundam 00" is the first "Gundam" series to be animated in widescreen and in high-definition.


Jean Piaget

Jean Piaget (9 August 1896 - 16 September 1980) was a Swiss developmental psychologist. He is famous for his work with children and how they learn. He started a type of study called "genetic epistemology", which is about where knowledge comes from.

At first, Piaget was a biologist. He was especially interested in mollusks. He became more interested in psychology while listening to children talk. He wondered how they learned, and came up with a theory that they go through stages where they become ready for certain kinds of learning. These stages are called "stages of cognitive development". For example, the first stage he came up with is called the "sensorimotor stage". He believed that, from birth to two years old, children would learn that they are different from objects, and that even if the child left a room, things that were in the room would still be there. (This is called "object permanence").


Dale Winton

Dale Jonathan Winton (22 May 1955 – 18 April 2018) was an English television personality and DJ. He began his DJ career in 1982 by DJing on weekends. He was born in London. This led him to United Biscuits Industrial Radio where he did many kinds of jobs before getting his own morning show. After that, he joined Radio Trent in Nottingham. He was on a variety of different radio stations. He was a DJ on Radio 2.

His television career began in 1987, working for Channel Four, the Lifestyle Channel. his best known television programme however was "Dale's Supermarket Sweep" It was broadcast from 1993 to 2007 on ITV with a new series in 2010 on Sky. He also acted in "Pets Win Prizes", "The Great British Song Contest", "Gimme Gimme Gimme", "Touch The Truck", "Dale's Wedding", "Celebrity Fit Club", "Never Mind the Buzzcocks", "In It To Win It", "Show Me What You've Got" and "Hole In The Wall" among other TV programmes.

He had 1 hit single to date, his hit was as Dale Winton featuring Bar-codes & Alison Brown. It reached number 72 in 1994 

Winton was openly gay.

Winton died suddenly on 18 April 2018 in London at the age of 62.

Shikoku

Shikoku is the smallest of Japan's four main islands. About 4 million people live there, fewer than on any of the other main islands. 

The island lies south of Honshu and east of Kyūshū across the Kanmon Strait. A bridge connects it to Honshu. 

Farming is a very important business in Shikoku. Citrus fruits are an important product. Shikoku is the home of the 88 Temple Pilgrimage of the Shingon sect of Buddhism.

Shikoku region covers the entire island.

The name Shikoku literally means "four countries" in Japanese. Shikoku was made of four old "countries" or provinces that are now prefectures. In other words, each prefecture has a modern name and an old provincial name. The old names are still used sometimes, especially for foods, music, or art. 




There are twelve original castles that are left in Japan and Shikoku is home to four of them. 

The 88 Temple Pilgrimage is a famous but difficult 1,647-kilometer circle around the entire island. Serious pilgrims may choose to complete the 88 Temple Circuit on foot. Other people uses buses.



Naruto

There are several things called Naruto. Some of these are:


Naruto, Tokushima

One of the famous attractions is the Naruto whirlpools between Naruto and Awaji Island in the Seto Inland Sea.

Naruto has the home stadium of professional soccer team Tokushima Vortis.

Ryōzen-ji and Gokuraku-ji are in Naruto. They are the first two temples of the 88 Temple Pilgrimage.


Alxasaurus

Alxasaurus (meaning "Alxa lizard") was a therizinosaur theropod that lived during the Lower Cretaceous, about 112 to 100 million years ago. Like its near relatives, it was herbivorous. It was about 13 ft (4 m) long and weighed about 800–900 pounds (350 to 400 kg). Five incomplete fossil skeletons have been found in Mongolia.

Spiral galaxy

A spiral galaxy is a kind of galaxy that looks like a flat, slowly rotating disk with a bulge in the centre, and spiral patterns extending outward from the bulge. It contains stars, gas, dust, dark matter and a supermassive black hole at its centre.

Galaxies were long thought to be nebulae. The spiral nebula as a type was first described by Edwin Hubble in his 1936 work "The Realm of the Nebulae". They are now listed as galaxies, and are named after their shape.

The barred spiral galaxy is an important and common type of spiral galaxy. There are three other kinds of spiral galaxies. "Grand-design" spiral galaxies have two well-shaped and well-defined arms. "Multiple-arm" spiral galaxies have more arms. In "flocculent" spiral galaxies, it is hard to see the arms at all, as they are choppy and are ill-defined.

About 60% of galaxies in the universe near us (the 'local universe') are spiral and irregular galaxies. They are mostly found in low-density parts of the universe, and are rare in the centers of galaxy clusters.

Spiral arms are regions in spiral galaxies. They often contain dust,gas and star clusters of young ,hot and massive stars. They extend from the central bulge area of spiral and barred spiral galaxies. The young, hot and massive stars are why the arms are brighter than the center of the galaxy. Some spiral galaxies have yellow, 'fossil' arms of older stars.

Our own Milky Way was found to be a spiral galaxy in the early 20th century. In the 1990s it was found to be a barred spiral galaxy. The bar is difficult to see from our position in the Galactic disk. The most convincing evidence for its existence comes from a survey, performed by the Spitzer Space Telescope, of stars in the Galactic center.

Terry Buck

Terrence William "Terry" Buck was an Australian swimmer and coach. He represented Australia at the 1964 Summer Olympics in the 400m individual medley and placed eighth. He was the first Australian swimmer to participate at the Olympics as both an athlete and a coach. He was head coach in the 1984 Summer Olympics, and team manager in 1992 and 1996. Buck was also a surf lifesaver and a life member of the Clovelly Surf Club in New South Wales. He died in a tractor accident on his farm, leaving behind his wife, Laraine and three daughters.

In 2003, Greg Rogers filed a civil lawsuit against Buck. He claimed that Buck had sexually abused him from 1960 when Rogers was 11 and Buck was 16. He also said that his younger brother, Neil, was sexually abused from when he was eight. This was settled outside court. After Buck died, the Telegraph published an interview with an anonymous "Olympic and Commonwealth medalist" who said that he had been abused by Buck as a child. The person who was interviewed was not named, but many knew it was Rogers. Police had begun private investigations into the matter in 1998, but stopped the investigation in 2001, saying that it did not have enough proof. His wife said that the stories were all untrue. She said that she had "trusted" Rogers, who had been the godfather of their late daughter, Sarah, and that having "looked at it from every angle, I can say with certainty in my they are lies."

Edwin Hubble

Edwin Powell Hubble (November 20, 1889 – September 28, 1953) was an American astronomer. Hubble's findings changed the scientific view of the universe.

In 1925 he showed that there are galaxies beyond our own, the Milky Way. Also, he developed a method for classifying galaxies.

Then he proved the galaxies were moving away from each other. Hubble found the degree of Doppler effect (redshift) from a galaxy increased in proportion to its distance from Earth. Doppler effect is the change in pitch or colour when an object or sound comes in (higher pitch, brighter color) or moves away (lower and darker). Redshift is observed in the light spectrum

In 1929 Hubble formulated what is called Hubble's law. The law states that the greater the distance between any two galaxies, the greater their relative speed of separation. Georges Lemaître, a Belgian priest and astronomer, had published the idea two years before in an obscure journal. Nevertheless, the idea bears Hubble's name to this day.

Today, the 'apparent velocities' of galaxies are understood as an increase in proper distance which occurs due to the expansion of space. Light traveling through stretching space experiences a Hubble-type redshift.

This work helped to establish that the universe is expanding. Some have incorrectly said that Hubble discovered the Doppler shift in the spectra of galaxies, but this had already been observed earlier by Vesto Slipher, whose data Hubble used.

The Hubble Space Telescope was named after Hubble.

According to Sandage, Hubble achieved four main things:

Hubble himself did not see his 1929 data as evidence for an expanding Universe. Even six years later, Hubble wrote:

Hubble's words were forgotten, and the notion of the expansion of the universe became the consensus. Until the theoretical developments in the 1980s no one had an explanation for why this seemed to be the case. The question "why is the universe expanding?" is now answered by understanding the details of what happened in the first inflationary epoch (10 seconds) of the existence of our universe.


Act (drama)

An act is a way to divide an opera, play, or other drama. Each act is a group of scenes that form an important part of the story. A story will be from one to five acts. Many modern stories are three acts, which match with the beginning, middle, and end of the story. One act is from about 30 to 60 minutes long.

Nationalization

Nationalization is when a business is owned and run by the government. If the government stops owning the business and it becomes controlled by citizens, this is called privatization.

Star Wars: TIE Fighter

Star Wars: TIE Fighter is a space flight simulator game that came out in 1994. It takes place in the "Star Wars" universe and has starfighters and other spacecraft from the movies and books. The player flies starfighters for the Galactic Empire in various missions.

"TIE Fighter" takes place in several parts with different storylines. In early missions the player fights against members of the Rebel Alliance, as well as space pirates and other enemies. There is also a story section where the player helps the Empire mediate between two groups that have been at war but say they want a peace treaty.

Later in the game, the player helps find out about a plot by a traitor Admiral to leave the Empire and join the Rebellion, and steal Imperial ships and technology. The rest of the game is about the player working with the Empire to stop the traitors.

In "TIE Fighter", the player is a starfighter pilot who flies in combat missions. The game is normally played in first person from the view of the cockpit, but the player can also choose third person camera. There are many starfighters the player can fly, but some can not be used until later in the game. For many missions the player can choose which starfighter to fly and what warheads to use during the mission.

Most missions are combat missions. The player fights enemy starfighters, as well as "capital ships", which are very large starcraft that are hard to destroy. Different missions have different goals. Sometimes the player will escort supplies, scan other spacecraft, or simply hunt enemy ships.

Since the game is in space there is no gravity and the player can fly in any direction. Each starfighter the player can use has laser guns and many have warheads and rechargeable shields.

Starfighter

A starfighter is a fictional type of spacecraft made for combat in space. The word starfighter is based on the word dogfighter. Starfighters are small and fast. In stories, they most often hold only one or two pilots.

Intellivision

The Intellivision is a video game console created by toy company Mattel. It was made to compete with the Atari 2600. It was launched in 1980 and discontinued in 1991. Today, Intellivision is owned by Intellivision Entertainment, which is making a new Intellivision-branded console named Intellivision Amico, which will come out in North America, the United Kingdom, the rest of Europe and the MENA region on October 10, 2020.

Empire State of Mind

"Empire State of Mind" is a song by Jay-Z and Alicia Keys. It was released as the third single from Jay-Z's 11th music album "The Blueprint 3" (2009). The song is about New York City, and has a music sample of "Love on a Two-Way Street" (1970) by The Moments. The title of the song takes its name from Billy Joel's "New York State of Mind" (1976).

Indianapolis Motor Speedway

The Indianapolis Motor Speedway (IMS) is in Speedway, Indiana (an enclave suburb of Indianapolis) in the United States. It is the home of the Indianapolis 500 race and formerly the home of the race.

It was built in 1909. It is the original "Speedway", the first racing facility to use the word Speedway. IMS has permanent seating for more than 257,000 people. The infield raises capacity to approximately 400,000. It is the largest and highest-capacity sporting facility in the world.

The Speedway is considered relatively flat by American standards but high-banked by Europeans. It is a two and a half mile, nearly rectangular oval. Each of the four turns are 1/4 mile. Two 5/8 mile long straight connect turns 2 to 3 and turns 4 to 1. Two 1/8 mile short straights, termed "short chutes", connect turns 1 to 2 and turns 3 to 4.

A modern infield road course was constructed between 1998 and 2000. It used part of the oval and the infield to create a track. In 2008, the road course was changed to add another infield section. This is used for motorcycle racing, and is a course.

On the grounds of the Speedway is the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Hall of Fame Museum, which opened in 1956. It is also the home of the Brickyard Crossing Golf Resort, which originally opened as the Speedway Golf Course in 1929.

Indianapolis Motor Speedway was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 and designated a National Historic Landmark in 1987.

In addition to the Indianapolis 500, the Speedway also hosted NASCAR's from 1994 to 2020. The Speedway also hosted the United States Grand Prix for Formula One from 2000 to 2007. In 2008, the Speedway added the Indianapolis motorcycle Grand Prix.

After winning his fifth United States Grand Prix at Indianapolis in , Formula One driver Michael Schumacher holds the record for most victories with the Forumula One version of the road course. A.J. Foyt, Al Unser, Rick Mears and Helio Castroneves each won the Indianapolis 500 four times on the traditional oval. Jeff Gordon has also won four times on the oval in the Brickyard 400. Johnny Aitken holds the record for total wins at the track, with 15 victories (all on the oval), during the 1909, 1910 and 1916 seasons.

The first motorsports event at the track consisted of 7 motorcycle races, sanctioned by the Federation of American Motorcyclists (FAM), on August 14, 1909.

The first weekend of automobile races took place August 19–21, 1909. It was 16 races sanctioned by the American Automobile Association (AAA). The event almost turned into a disaster because of the surface of crushed stone and tar. There were several accidents and five fatalities. The final race of the weekend was halted after of its originally-scheduled 300 miles.

Carl G. Fisher, was an Indiana native, and both a former race car driver and one of the owners of the track. He led the work to make the track safer for the drivers and spectators. The track surface was paved with 3.2 million paving bricks. This gave the track its popular nickname "The Brickyard". Today, (one yard) of the original bricks remain at the start/finish line., still giving meaning to the 'brick yard'. The final brick added to the roadway was a gold plated brick and laid by Governor Thomas R. Marshall on December 17, 1909.

The Speedway reopened in 1910. Sixty-six automobile races were held during three holiday weekends (Memorial Day, Fourth of July and Labor Day). Each weekend featured two or three races of to distance. Several shorter contests were also held. Each race was its own event and earned its own trophy. All races were sanctioned by the AAA. In 1911, a change in marketing focus led to holding only one race per year.

An estimated 80,000 spectators came to the first Indianapolis 500 Mile Race on Memorial Day May 30, 1911. Admission was one dollar. Ray Harroun won the race at the average speed of 74.602 mph (120.060 km/h).

The next five Indianapolis 500 were held from 1912–1916. Three of the Indy 500 winners were Europeans. These races drew worldwide attention to the Speedway. More international drivers began to enter.

The 1916 race was shortened to 120 laps for . Several things caused the race to be shortened . There was a lack of entries from Europe and a lack of oil. Another reason was out of respect for the war in Europe.

On September 9, 1916, the Speedway hosted a day of short racing events. These were called the Harvest Classic. There were three races held at 20, 50 and distances. Johnny Aitken, in a Peugeot, won all three events, his final victories at the track. After the Harvest Classic, no race other than the Indianapolis 500 to be held on the grounds for seventy-eight years.

Racing was interrupted in 1917–1918 by World War I. The facility served as a military center for repairs.

Racing resumed in 1919. Speeds quickly increased. In 1925 Peter DePaolo became the first to average 100 mph (160 km/h) for the race.

By the early 1930s, the increasing speeds began to make the track more dangerous. In the period 1931–1935 there were 15 fatalities. Part of the bricks were replaced with tarmac (a tar covered macadam or small stones). During the 1935–1936 seasons a number of changes were made. The inside wall was removed in the corners. The outside wall angle was changed to help keep cars inside the track. Hard crash helmets became required. The first yellow lights were installed around the track.

At the beginning of the 1940s, the track needed more improvement. In 1941, half of the garage area, known as "Gasoline Alley", burned down before the race. When the United States joined World War II, the 1942 race was canceled. In 1942 all auto racing was banned. The 500-Mile Race was canceled for the years 1942–1945. The track mostly abandoned during the war years.

On November 29, 1944, three-time 500 winner Wilbur Shaw came back to do a tire test for Firestone. The test was approved by the government. Shaw found the track to be in very bad condition. He contacted the owner, Eddie Rickenbacker, and found that the Speedway was for sale. Shaw tried to find a buyer that would keep the Speedway as a race track. He found Indiana businessman Tony Hulman. The Speedway was purchased on November 14, 1945.

Major renovations and repairs were made to the Speedway. It opened in time for the 1946 race. Many improvements have been made since 1946.

The 500-Mile Race became part of the Formula One World Championship for 11 years (1950–1960). None of the regular Indy drivers raced in Formula One. Alberto Ascari from Ferrari was the only F1 driver to race in the 500 during this time.

In October 1961, the final remaining brick sections of the track were paved over with asphalt, with the exception of a distinct three-foot-wide line of bricks at the start/finish line. The "Brickyard" thus became known for its "Yard of Bricks".

From 1919 to 1993, the 500 was the only race run at the Brickyard. Tony George (Hulman's grandson) inherited the track. He brought more racing to the Speedway. NASCAR started racing in 1994 with the Brickyard 400. The International Race of Champions (IROC) event was added in 1998. The last IROC at Indy race was held in 2003.

In 2003, the Firestone Indy Lights Series, a minor league series of the Indy Racing League, started racing at the Speedway. They were the first series to race in May other than the 500 since 1910.

In 1998, Tony George made a deal to bring Formula One back to the United States. The last time F1 raced in the US was 1991. A new Indy-based road course using part of the oval track, and part of the infield was built in two years. The first United States Grand Prix held at the Speedway was in 2000. The 2001 event reported 185,000 fans were reported in attendance. The success was even more important with the race. The race was held on September 30, 2001. It was the largest international sporting event held in the United States after September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
Unlike the oval track, the Grand Prix road course is raced in a clockwise direction. This follows the general practice of Formula One, in where most circuits run clockwise.

On July 12, 2007, it was announced that Formula One would not return to the Speedway for . Tony George said there were problems meeting the demands of Bernie Ecclestone to continue hosting the event. On May 25, 2010 it was announced that Formula One would return to the United States in 2012 at a new purpose-built track in Austin, Texas.

In 2005, there was a big problem with some of the Formula One tires. During practice, there was a big crash at turn 13. This part of the F1 circuit is the turn 1 of the oval track. This is also the only banked corner on the F1 calendar. Michelin realized their tires could not handle the banking. They would fail after a few laps. The cars using Bridgestone tires did not have the problem.

The Michelin teams could not solve the problem. Michelin wanted to add a chicane before the turn. The FIA would not allow the track to be modified. Everyone involved tried to fix the problem right up to race. Michelin told their teams the tires were not safe to race with.

The Michelin teams lined up on the starting grid. They drove around the track for the slow parade lap. At the end of the lap, they pulled into the pits and parked their cars. This left only the three Bridgestone teams (six race cars) to run the race. The two Ferrari cars were the only cars on the lead lap at the end of the race.

On July 16, 2007, the Speedway announced that it would host a round of Grand Prix motorcycle racing beginning in 2008. The race was backed by Red Bull and known as the "Red Bull Indianapolis GP". This was the first motorcycle racing event at the facility since its first month of operation, in August 1909.

Modifications approved by the FIA and FIM were made to the former Formula One circuit. The new circuit now has 16 turns. The motorcycle course runs counter-clockwise, the same direction as the oval track. It bypass the banking of the oval with a new infield section inside Turn 1. Also, the double-hairpin at the Hulman Straight was replaced with traditional S-turns. The construction was finished before the opening day of the 2008 Indianapolis 500.

The city of Indianapolis has hosted a half-marathon. It includes one lap around the Speedway.

The Speedway Golf Course has hosted a PGA Tour event and an LPGA event. A Champions Tour event was hosted there from 1994–1999.

At the 1987 Pan American Games, the speedway hosted opening ceremonies and the speed roller skating competition.

IMS will be used to host events when Indianapolis hosts Super Bowl XLVI in February 2012.

Indianapolis 500
Brickyard 400
United States Grand Prix
Red Bull Indianapolis GP


Kōchi Prefecture

Before to the Meiji Restoration, Kōchi was known as Tosa Province.

Kōchi is in the southwestern part of Shikoku. The prefecture faces the Pacific Ocean. Ehime Prefecture is to the northwest. Tokushima Prefecture is to the northeast.

Kochi is famous for its clear streams. The most famous stream is Shimanto. The head of the Yoshino River is in Kōchi.

Mount Inamura ("Inamura-yama") is the highest peak in the prefecture. Its height is 1,506 m (4,941 ft) above sea level.


These are the towns and villages in each district.
National Parks are established in about 7% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Tosa jinja" is the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 
Ryoma Sakamoto
Katsutoyo Yamauchi
Shintaro Nakaoka
Taisuke Itagaki



First person (video games)

In video games, first person means the player sees the game from the eyes of the character he or she is playing as. This is different than third person where the player watches what the character does from a in-game virtual camera. The player is supposed to feel like he or she is inside the character. 

A common type of first person game is first-person shooter. In a first-person shooter the player can usually see his or her arms holding a gun or other weapon. Some games such as Call of Duty let the player look right down the sights of the gun to aim.

Many simulation games (or "sims") where the player controls a vehicle are first person. This includes most flight simulators and many racing video games. The player can often see the controls and instruments of the vehicle, such as the steering wheel and speedometer in a car or the joystick and altimeter in an airplane.

One-child policy

The one-child policy (or family planning policy) was a policy introduced in the People's Republic of China in the year 1979. Mao Zedong had thought that a bigger population resulted in a stronger country, but of course, they faced a lot more problems. China had gone above carrying capacity and there were not enough resources, such as food, water and only 7% of their land was for farming. for everyone. After the Second World War, the Chinese population grew quickly. In September of 1980, the one-child policy was introduced. The policy was introduced to control population growth and declares that Chinese families should only have one child. There are a few exceptions to this rule.

Beyond the exceptions, if a couple wanted to have more than one child, they must pay money to the government. In some places in China, couples were able to get a permit so they would not have to pay the fee. Because most families would not be able to afford the fee, women were often forced to have an abortion. There were punishments for those who had a second child. However, if the first child were to be a female, the couple could try to have a second child, in hopes of a male child. Since it was started in 1979, the policy has prevented 400 million births from happening. About 36% of the Chinese population is affected by the rule. The policy does not apply in some areas, such as Hong Kong, Macau or Tibet.

After more than 30 years of the one-child policy, China started to face a population ageing problem. And as the Chinese economy developed rapidly in recent years, the workforce also became tight. In 2015, it was decided that the one-child policy was to be removed and instead allowed couples to have two children for the first time in thirty years. Effective from January 2016, the one-child policy was replaced by a two-child policy, allowing each couple to have two children.

Even before the policy was introduced, China took many steps to encourage families to have fewer children. These steps included messages preaching the importance of family planning. There was one such of these messages that was a sign put up in Tang Shan that read, 'For a prosperous and powerful nation and a happy family, please use birth planning'. There were also incentives and rewards for those who only had one child, which continued through the one-child policy. Some of these included access to government services, better employment opportunities, higher wages, longer maternity leave, quality childcare, and better housing.

As of August 2021, the two child policy increased to three children. This is because of the decline in China's population 

2010 Commonwealth Games

The 2010 Commonwealth Games is the nineteenth Commonwealth Games, and the ninth to be held under that name. The Games are being held in New Delhi, India from 3 to 14 October 2010, the largest multi-sport event conducted to date in Delhi and India, which has previously hosted the Asian Games in 1951 and 1982. 

The opening ceremony took place at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, the main stadium of the event. It is also the first time the Commonwealth Games is held in India and the second time the event has been held in Asia (after 1998 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia).

While allegations of delays and corruption were a cause of concern before the start of the games, the games generally ran smoothly and the opening ceremony was described as "spectacular".

Delhi was selected to host the Commonwealth Games, beating the bid from Hamilton on November 14 2003 at the Commonwealth Games Foundation General Assembly. This was India's third bid, bidding unsuccessfully in 1990 and 1994.

Dad's Army

Dad's Army is a sitcom made by the BBC which was shown on British television between 1968 and 1977. It is about a Home Guard platoon during World War II. It was very popular at the time and is still repeated. It starred several well-known British actors including Arthur Lowe, John Le Mesurier, John Laurie Bill Pertwee, and Clive Dunn.

It was written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft based partly on Jimmy Croft's experience in the Home Guard but also on the work of comedians such as Will Hay.

The Home Guard were set up in 1940 to protect Britain in the case of invasion. Because most young men were in the regular army, Home Guard platoons were usually made up of older people. The show followed the Walmington-on-Sea platoon, led by Captain Mainwaring (pronounced "Mannering"), a bank manager who appoints himself leader.

His platoon is made up of his posh sergeant, Wilson, elderly butcher Lance Corporal Jones, several senior citizens (Privates Godfrey and Frazer), as well as a "spiv" (Private Walker) and a mother's boy (Private Pike), as well as other men who don't say much. The humour is derived from their antics, as well as the relationship between Mainwaring and his upper-class sergeant.

In early episodes, the humour was based on the difficulty of starting the platoon without any weapons. In later episodes, the comedy was often based on the characters. Because the platoon rarely encountered the Nazis, their enemy was usually the grumpy ARP Warden Hodges, played by Bill Pertwee.




Card game

A card game is any game played with playing cards. Some common card games are poker, bridge, blackjack, solitaire, and go fish.

Cards are individually identifiable from one side only (the "face"). Each player knows only the cards he holds and not those held by anyone else. Card games are often called "games of chance" or games of "imperfect information". In these, the current position is not seen by all players throughout the game. 

Some games of cards use a board. The gameplay of a card game depends on the use of the cards by players. The board is a guide for scorekeeping or for card placement. Board games (the principal non-card game genre to use cards) generally focus on the players' positions on the board, and use the cards for some secondary purpose.

There are trading card games like Pokemon and Yu-Gi-Oh! that use special packs. These games often involve fighting role-play.


2000 Census

The following countries had a census of the general population in 2000:


Kelantan

Kelantan is a state in Malaysia on the northeast part of Peninsular Malaysia. The capital city of Kelantan is Kota Baru.


Malacca

Melaka (formerly known as Malacca) () is a state in Malaysia that is on the southern part of Malay Peninsula. The Strait of Malacca is to the south. The capital city of Malacca is Malacca City.


Negeri Sembilan

Negeri Sembilan is a state in Malaysia. It is on the southern part of Peninsular Malaysia. The capital city of Negeri Sembilan is Seremban.


Pahang

Pahang is a state in Malaysia on the eastern part of Peninsular Malaysia. The capital city of Pahang is Kuantan.

There are 11 districts in Pahang, which are Bera, Bentong, Cameron Highlands, Jerantut, Kuantan, Kuala Lipis, Maran, Pekan, Raub, Rompin and Temerloh.


Perak

Perak is a state in Malaysia on the western part of Peninsular Malaysia. The capital city of Perak is Ipoh.


Perlis

Perlis is a state in Malaysia that is on the very northwestern part of Peninsular Malaysia, bordering Thailand. The capital city of Perlis is Kangar.


Sabah

Sabah is a state in Malaysia on the northeast part of the island of Borneo. The capital city of Sabah is Kota Kinabalu.


Sarawak

Sarawak is a state in Malaysia. It is mostly on the northwestern part of the island of Borneo. The capital city of Sarawak is Kuching.

The official languages of Sarawak are Malay and English. Other local spoken languages include Chinese, Iban, Melanau, Bidayuh, Punan, Penan, Kelabit, Kayan and others.


Terengganu

Terangganu (; :ترڠݢانو, formerly spelled Trengganu or Tringganu, is a state in Malaysia on the northeastern part of Peninsular Malaysia. The capital city of Terengganu is Kuala Terengganu.


Labuan

Labuan is an island which is also the Federal Territory in Malaysia. It is off the northeastern part of the island of Borneo facing the South China Sea.


Putrajaya

Putrajaya is the administrative capital city of Malaysia. It is south of Kuala Lumpur, the seat of government of Malaysia. It is also a Federal Territory in Malaysia.


Counterterrorism

Counter-terrorism, also spelled as counterterrorism, is work to prevent and fight against terrorism. Counter-terrorism is usually done by governments, militaries, paramilitaries, police forces, and special counter-terrorism units.

There are many different ways to do counter-terrorism. An important goal is to stop terrorism before it happens. This is done by trying to find out about plans to commit terrorism. If the plan is discovered, sometimes the terrorists can be arrested or security can be sent to protect the target of the terrorism.

Sometimes no one finds out about the terrorist plot until it starts to happen. When this happens, police or counter-terrorist soldiers may be sent to try and stop the terrorists from completing the plan, which usually leads to combat. 

Counter-terrorists are also a playable team in the video game Counter-Strike and the subsequent sequels. 

Boraginaceae

Boraginaceae is a family of around 2000 species, occurring mainly in Europe and Asia, especially in the Mediterranean region. Most of them are herbs, although there are some woody plants. Most of them are grown as ornamental plants, although some are a source of dye or have medicinal uses. The most well-known members of the Family include Forget-me-not ("Myosotis"), Heliotrope ("Heliotropium"), the Comfreys ("Symphytum"), Borage ("Borago"), and Hound's Tongue ("Cynoglossum").

Capparaceae

Capparaceae commonly known the caper family, are trees, shrubs, or lianas, sometimes herbs, that are usually found in the tropics. The family may contain up to 16 genera and 480 species, although some genera currently included may not belong there. The largest genera are "Capparis" (about 150 species), "Maerua" (100 species), "Boscia" (37 species) and "Cadaba" (30 species).

History of astronomy

The history of astronomy tells how civilizations thought about the sky they saw at night. It also discusses the beginnings of modern astronomy.

Babylonian astronomers viewed the sky as a celestial sphere, far above the Earth. This sphere had shiny stars on it. Like earlier astronomers, they organized and named the star patterns as constellations. They took special interest in the seven bright stars that did not stay in any particular constellation. These were the Star of the Day (Sun), the Star of the Night (Moon), and five planets. The stars and planets seemed to wander around the celestial sphere, in an area now called the Zodiac. The ancient astronomers carefully recorded the movements they saw.

Greek philosophers, seeing the movement of heavenly bodies, developed models of the Universe based more on empirical evidence. The first model was proposed by Eudoxus of Cnidos. According to this model, space and time are infinite and eternal, the Earth is spherical and stationary, and all other matter is confined to rotating concentric spheres.

This model was brought into agreement with astronomical observations by Ptolemy of Alexandria, in the second century AD. His "Syntaxis mathematica", known as the "Almagest", was translated from Greek to Arabic, and from Arabic to Latin. It was printed in 1515, with another edition in 1528.

However, not all Greek scientists accepted the geocentric (Earth-centered) model of the Universe. The Pythagorean philosopher Philolaus thought the center of the Universe was a "central fire" around which the Earth, Sun, Moon and Planets revolved in uniform circular motion.
The Greek astronomer Aristarchus of Samos was the first person to propose a heliocentric (Sun-centered) model of the universe. Though the original text has been lost, a reference in Archimedes' book "The Sand Reckoner" describes Aristarchus' heliocentric theory. Archimedes wrote: (translated into English)
You King Gelon are aware the 'Universe' is the name given by most astronomers to the sphere the center of which is the center of the Earth, while its radius is equal to the straight line between the center of the Sun and the center of the Earth. This is the common account as you have heard from astronomers. But Aristarchus has brought out a book consisting of certain hypotheses, wherein it appears, as a consequence of the assumptions made, that the universe is many times greater than the 'Universe' just mentioned. His hypotheses are that the fixed stars and the Sun remain unmoved, that the Earth revolves about the Sun on the circumference of a circle, the Sun lying in the middle of the orbit, and that the sphere of fixed stars, situated about the same center as the Sun, is so great that the circle in which he supposes the Earth to revolve bears such a proportion to the distance of the fixed stars as the center of the sphere bears to its surface.
So, Aristarchus thought the stars were very far away, and he said this was why there was no visible parallax. That is, no one saw movement of the stars relative to each other as the Earth moved around the Sun. Actually. the stars they saw were much farther away than was generally assumed in ancient times. Now we know that stellar parallax is only detectable with telescopes. The rejection of the heliocentric view was apparently quite strong, as the following passage from Plutarch suggests ("On the apparent face in the orb of the Moon"):
Cleanthes [a contemporary of Aristarchus and head of the Stoics] thought it was the duty of the Greeks to indict Aristarchus of Samos on the charge of impiety for putting in motion the Hearth of the universe [i.e. the Earth], . . . supposing the heaven to remain at rest and the earth to revolve in an oblique circle, while it rotates, at the same time, about its own axis. 
The only other astronomer from antiquity known by name who supported Aristarchus' heliocentric model was Seleucus of Seleucia. He was a Babylonian astronomer a century after Aristarchus. According to Plutarch, Seleucus was the first to prove the heliocentric system through reasoning, but it is not known what arguments he used. Seleucus' arguments for a heliocentric theory were probably related to the phenomenon of tides. According to Strabo (1.1.9), Seleucus was the first to state that the tides are due to the attraction of the Moon, and that the height of the tides depends on the Moon's position relative to the Sun.

The geocentric model was accepted in the Western world for about two thousand years. In 1543 Copernicus revived Aristarchus’ theory. Copernicus said (again) that the sun was the center of the Solar System.

As noted by Copernicus himself, the idea that the Earth rotates (goes round on its axis) was very old, dating to Philolaus (c. 450 BC). A century before Copernicus, Nicholas of Cusa proposed that the Earth rotates on its axis. (This was in his book, "On Learned Ignorance" (1440).

The first empirical evidence for the Earth's rotation on its axis, using the phenomenon of comets, was given by Tusi (1201–1274).

Copernicus' heliocentric model allowed the stars to be placed uniformly through the (infinite) space surrounding the planets, as first proposed by Thomas Digges in his "Perfit Description of the Caelestiall Orbes according to the most aunciente doctrine of the Pythagoreans, latelye revived by Copernicus and by Geometricall Demonstrations approved" (1576). Giordano Bruno accepted the idea that space was infinite and filled with solar systems similar to our own. n; for the publication of his various beliefs, he was burnt at the stake in Rome on 17 February 1600.

This cosmology was accepted provisionally by Isaac Newton, Christiaan Huygens and later scientists, but it had several paradoxes which were resolved only with general relativity. The first paradox was that it assumed that space and time were infinite, and that the stars in the universe had been burning forever; however, since stars are constantly radiating energy, a finite star seems inconsistent with the radiation of infinite energy. Secondly, Edmund Halley (1720) noted that an infinite space filled uniformly with stars would lead to the prediction that the nighttime sky would be as bright as the sun itself; this became known as Olbers' paradox in the 19th century. Third, Newton himself showed that an infinite space uniformly filled with matter would cause infinite forces and instabilities crushing matter inwards inwards under gravity. This instability was later clarified in 1902.

As observations on the Solar System progressed, some basic facts appeared. All planets go round the Sun in the same direction, and their planes of revolution are very similar. Likewise, most satellites go round planets in nearly the same planes. The planets revolve around their own axes in the same sense in which they orbit the Sun. These regularities cannot be a chance coincidence.

Many were at work trying to use the ideas of Newton and Kepler to explain the observational astronomy provided by the new, larger, telescopes.

A significant astronomical advance of the 18th century was the realization by Thomas Wright (1711–1786) that the "fixed stars" were not scattered at random, but concentrated in what we now call the "galactic plane", our view of the Milky Way. What is even more remarkable is his idea that very faint nebulae, in which "no one star... can possibly be distinguished" might be extremely distant groups of the same kind.

Kant (1724–1804), known today for his philosophy, made some important discoveries about the nature of the Earth's rotation. He showed the frictional resistance against tidal currents on the Earth's surface must cause a very gradual slowing of the earth's rotation. The days have grown longer as time has passed. Also, he laid out a nebular hypothesis, in which he deduced that the Solar System formed from a large cloud of gas, a nebula. Following Wright, Kant also thought the Milky Way was a large disk of stars formed from a (much larger) spinning cloud of gas.

The greatest theoretician of the 18th century was Laplace (1749–1827), who worked on the mechanics of the planets and Solar System. His massive 5-volume work on the mechanics of the Solar System explained many of the regularities which observations had discovered. Laplace made good use of another Frenchman's mathematics: Lagrange (1736–1813).

Laplace is also noteworthy for his nebular hypothesis of the evolution of the Solar System. As it happens, the details of Laplace's theory do not quite work out for planetary systems, but they are the basis of how we understand stars condense out of a nebula.

The 18th century was also a century of great observers. William Herschel (1738–1822), helped by his sister Caroline (1750–1848) built the biggest telescope of the day (40-foot), but did his best work on a 20-foot telescope. There were problems with the mirror of the large one. The discovery of Uranus put his career on the way: he got a salary of £200 a year as "King's Astronomer". He got a rough idea of where we are in the galaxy, and could see other spiral galaxies. He called them "island universes" like the Milky Way. Also he began to work out the motions of different stars. He discovered double stars, and published catalogues of them. Herschel's observations brought astronomy into the modern era.

The modern era of physical cosmology began in 1917, when Albert Einstein first applied his general theory of relativity to model the structure and dynamics of the universe.

Two great discoveries changed our picture of the Universe. Both were made by Edwin Hubble in the 1920s. Before then, it was thought that our galaxy, the Milky Way, was the whole universe. Hubble first showed that the Andromeda galaxy was a separate galaxy and similar. Many more galaxies were soon discovered. Later in the 1920s he showed that all distant galaxies were moving away from each other in a general expansion of the universe. He did this by discovering the red shift of spectroscopic light from distant galaxies. That does not apply to galaxies that are clustered together, such as Andromeda which, with our galaxy, is part of the Local Group in the Virgo Supercluster.
Thus what move apart are clusters of galaxies kept together by local gravity.

Six Feet Under

Six Feet Under is an American comedy-drama television show set in California. It aired from 2001 - 2005. There are 63 episodes, each one is 60 minutes long. It was created by screenwriter Alan Ball.

Uppercut

An uppercut in boxing is a punch that usually aims for an opponent's chin. It is commonly known as a hook to the chin (for example in German: "Kinnhaken").

In the technical language, people do not use the expression "hook to the chin", because as a rule one calls a "hook" a punch from the side with the lead hand, and almost always the chin is the target of punches. It is achieved by lifting your right or left hand and attempting to hit the opponent's chin.

The uppercut is often used to start or finish a set of punches.

Joe Louis was mostly known for his uppercuts.

Chlorite

Chlorite is an ion. Its chemical formula is ClO. It is an oxidizing agent. It contains chlorine in its +3 oxidation state. They can be known as salts of chlorous acid. Some chlorites are explosives. It can be made by dissolving chlorine dioxide in a base. It can also be made by reduction of chlorate with hydrogen peroxide. Sodium chlorite is the most common chlorite.


Chlorous acid

Chlorous acid is a chemical compound. It is an acid. Its chemical formula is HClO. It contains chlorite ions. It is not stable. It easily disproportionates to hypochlorous acid and chloric acid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. Chlorites are made by reacting chlorous acid with a base. They are more stable. It can be made by reacting barium chlorite with sulfuric acid. This makes insoluble barium sulfate and chlorous acid.


Sodium chlorite

Sodium chlorite is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaClO. It contains sodium and chlorite ions.

Sodium chlorite is a colorless solid. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It disproportionates sometimes. It forms the unstable chlorous acid when reacted with a strong acid. 

It is made by reducing chlorine dioxide in a basic solution of hydrogen peroxide. 

Sodium chlorite can be used to disinfect water. Since chlorine dioxide is too reactive to store, sodium chlorite is stored and converted to chlorine dioxide before use. It is also used as a disinfectant. It can be used in oxidation reactions in organic chemistry.

It is similar to chlorates in toxicity. Ingestion of about 10 grams would be fatal. A smaller amount could make someone very sick.


Chloric acid

Chloric acid is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HClO. It contains chlorate and hydrogen ions.

Chloric acid is a colorless solution. It cannot be made pure. It only can be mixed with water. It is very reactive. Chloric acid can decompose when warmed to make perchloric acid, chlorine, chlorine dioxide, and oxygen. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It can make things like sugar burn when it is mixed with them. Sulfur can make explosive mixtures with potassium chlorate because chloric acid can be made.

It can be made by reacting barium chlorate with sulfuric acid. The insoluble barium sulfate is filtered out. It can also be made by heating hypochlorous acid.

Chloric acid can be used as a reagent in chemical analysis and to make other chemicals


Barium chlorate

Barium chlorate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Ba(ClO). It contains barium and chlorate ions.

Barium chlorate is a colorless solid. It is very toxic because it has barium ions in it. It also is an oxidizing agent. It makes oxygen gas when it is heated.

Barium chlorate can be made by reacting sodium chlorate and barium chloride. It can also be made by electrolytic oxidation of barium chloride, similar to the chloralkali process. It can also be made by reacting ammonium chlorate, an unstable compound, with barium carbonate. This mixture is boiled, converting the ammonium carbonate to ammonia and carbon dioxide.

Barium chlorate is used in fireworks to make a green color. It is also used in matches to make oxygen and make the match burn faster.


Ammonium chlorate

Ammonium chlorate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NHClO. It contains ammonium and chlorate ions. 

It is a colorless solid. The chlorate is an oxidizing agent and the ammonium is a reducing agent, making it a little explosive. It explodes when in sunlight for a few minutes. It should never be crystallized as it can explode without any detonation. It can catch flammable things on fire. It decomposes completely to nitrogen, chlorine, and oxygen when heated gently.

It can be made by reacting ammonia or ammonium carbonate with chloric acid. 

It is used to make barium chlorate.


Ammonium carbonate

Ammonium carbonate, also known as baker's ammonia or sal volatile, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is (NH)CO. It contains ammonium and carbonate ions.

Ammonium carbonate is a white solid. It dissolves in water. It reacts with acids to make an ammonium salt and carbon dioxide. It has a slight smell of ammonia. It reacts with bases to make ammonia gas.

Ammonium carbonate is made by reacting ammonium sulfate, ammonium chloride, and calcium carbonate in a furnace. The ammonium carbonate is exposed to air to decompose any bicarbonate and then is sold. It can also be made by reacting carbon dioxide with ammonia.

It is used to make bread rise. It can also be used in cough syrup.


Ammonium nitrate

Ammonium nitrate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NHNO. It contains ammonium and nitrate ions. The nitrogen is in the -3 and +5 oxidation states.

Ammonium nitrate is a colorless solid. It dissolves in water. It makes water cold when it dissolves. It is an oxidizing agent. When it is heated gently, it turns into water and nitrous oxide. It can detonate when heated strongly. There were several disasters where ammonium nitrate exploded. Ammonium nitrate fertilizers were banned in some places because they were used to make explosives.

Ammonium nitrate is made by reacting ammonia with nitric acid. This reaction is very violent. It can be made by reacting sodium nitrate with ammonium sulfate. This makes a solution of ammonium nitrate and sodium sulfate. When the mixture is cooled, the sodium sulfate is crystallized and can be filtered. 

Ammonium nitrate is used as a fertilizer. It contains more nitrogen than most fertilizers. It is also used in explosives. It can be used as an oxidizer in rockets.


Chlorine dioxide

Chlorine dioxide is a chemical compound (a thing made when two or more chemical elements attach to each other). Its chemical formula is ClO. The Cl means 1 chlorine ion and the O2 means two oxide ions. The chlorine is in its +4 oxidation state. That means that when the chemical compound was made, four electrons were taken from the chlorine and given to the oxygens.

It is a yellowish gas. It has a bad smell. It can explode easily. It reacts (has chemical reactions with) many other chemicals. It explodes when it is more than 15% concentration in air. When light is shined on it, it can explode. It dissolves easily in cold water.

It is made by oxidation (the pulling of electrons away from) of sodium chlorite by chlorine gas.

It can also be made by reduction (giving electrons to) of sodium chlorate in an acidic solution. There are some reducing agents (chemicals that reduce another chemical) that can be used. Methanol (an alcohol), sulfur dioxide (a gas made by burning sulfur), hydrochloric acid (a common acid), or hydrogen peroxide can be used.

There are even more ways to make chlorine dioxide. Sodium chlorite can react with a mixture of sodium hypochlorite and hydrochloric acid to make chlorine dioxide.

Sodium chlorite reacts with hydrochloric acid to make chlorine dioxide.

Electrolysis (the passing of an electric current through a liquid) of a chlorite solution like sodium chlorite makes chlorine dioxide.

Chlorine dioxide can explode easily. That is why it is normally made when it is needed, and immediately dissolved in water to make it safer. It is not normally packaged and sent to people that need it.

Chlorine dioxide is used to bleach wood pulp to make paper. It can also be used to disinfect water. There are some ways it is better than chlorine. It is less corrosive (breaking down other things) than chlorine and does not make as many bad things in water.


Potassium perchlorate

Potassium perchlorate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KClO. It contains potassium and perchlorate ions. 

Potassium perchlorate is a colorless crystalline solid. It dissolves in water only a little. It is an oxidizing agent. It can react with glucose to make carbon dioxide, potassium chloride, and water. It can be mixed with sulfur, while potassium chlorate cannot safely be mixed. 

It is made by reacting potassium chloride with sodium perchlorate. This makes the potassium perchlorate crystals.

It is used as a rocket propellant. It can also be used in fireworks and other explosives. Ammonium perchlorate is used more, though.


Fashion accessory

A fashion accessory is a decorative item that supplements one's outfit. Items such as such as jewellery, gloves, handbags, hats, belts, scarves, watches, sunglasses, pins, stockings, bow ties, leggings, ties, suspenders, and tights.

Accessories add color, style and class to an outfit, and create a certain look, but they may also have practical functions. Handbags are for carrying small necessary items, hats protect the face from weather, Laptops and mobile phones communicate, and gloves keep the hands warm. 

Accessories may be used to show religious or cultural affiliation: Crucifixes, Star of David, Islamic headscarves, skullcaps and turbans are common examples. Designer labels on accessories are perceived as an indicator of social status.

Accessories are also available in the form of bracelets, necklaces, and earrings. 

Corrymeela Community

The Corrymeela Community is a Christian community whose objective is the promotion of reconciliation and peace-building in Northern Ireland. They want to do this through the healing of social, religious and political divisions in Northern Ireland.

Trip hop

Trip-hop is a genre of downtempo music. It began as a mix of rock, jazz, dub, soul, and some other elements including psychedelic rock, ambient, progressive rock, acid jazz and alternative hip hop. It came from Bristol, England in the early 1990s; the group that started what has become to be called the "Bristol sound" was Massive Attack.

Big beat

Big beat is a genre of dance music, which includes various genres of music, including drum and bass, alternative rock, trip-hop, acid house, beat music, punk rock and psychedelic rock.

Pact of Steel

The Pact of Steel (; ), formally the Pact of Friendship and Alliance between Germany and Italy, was an agreement between Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany signed on May 22, 1939 by the foreign ministers of both countries: Count Galeazzo Ciano for Italy and Joachim von Ribbentrop for Germany.

The pact had two parts. The first was the formal text, which said that both countries would continue helping each other. The second had both countries agree to have the same military and economy policies and was called the "Secret Supplementary Protocol".

The pact's name was decided by Italian Prime Minister Benito Mussolini, who thought that its original name, "Pact of Blood", would be unpopular in his country.

Firing squad

A firing squad is a group of people with guns who shoot and kill a criminal who has been sentenced to death penalty. The person being shot is often blindfolded. This method of execution has often been used in the military for crimes such as desertion and cowardice. 

Few countries use firing squads anymore. Many countries have either stopped using the death penalty or switched to using lethal injection. For example, in the United States, the state of Utah formerly used firing squads, but it now uses lethal injection. However, some countries, such as Indonesia and the United Arab Emirates, still use firing squads. As of 2014, 73 countries still use execution by firing squad, and is the sole method of execution in 45 different countries. 

Client state

Client state is a word used to describe a state that has to follow a more powerful state in international politics. The word is not specific compared with the other words which have similar meanings: satellite state, associated state, puppet state, neo-colony, protectorate, vassal state and tributary state. The greater state may be said to exercise hegemony over the lesser one.

Panties

Panties are a kind of underwear. Women's panties are also called knickers. Other names are underpants ("undies"), briefs and smalls.

There are many different shapes and sizes of panties. A common type are bikini panties, which are usually small like a bikini bottom. Bloomers are panties which are loose-fitting and bigger. Panties with a high waistline are usually thought to be worn by older or more conservative women. 

Panties may be made of silk, cotton, satin or man-made fabrics, and decorated with lace. Most full cut panties are made of cotton or other comfortable materials.

Knickers in British English only refers to female panties; in American usage the term is also used for a type of male trousers more properly called "breeches".

Alan Jackson

Alan Eugene Jackson (born October 17, 1958 in Newnan, Georgia) is an American country music singer. Jackson is a member of the Grand Ole Opry. He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in April 2010. Jackson was also inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame in 2001.

Jackson is married to his high school sweetheart, Denise Jackson and has three daughters, Mattie Denise, Alexandra Jane "Ali", and Dani Grace.





Alan Jackson's Official website

Scott Speed

Scott Andrew Speed (born January 24, 1983) is an American race car driver. He was a driver for the Toro Rosso Formula One team. He made his first F1 race start at the 2006 Bahrain Grand Prix. He was the first American to race in F1 since Michael Andretti in 1993. In 2008, Speed started racing in NASCAR. For 2009 and 2001, he drove the Red Bull Toyota Camry full time in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. Speed attempted to qualify for the 2011 Indianapolis 500, but did not make the race.

Speed started kart racing at the age of 10. He moved up to Formula series in 2001. He was a champion in "US Formula Russell". He drove in both the "US Barber Formula Dodge" and "US Star Mazda Series". Speed won the 'Red Bull Driver Search' program. In 2003 he drove for the ADR team in "British Formula Three". During that year he fell ill with ulcerative colitis, a form of inflammatory bowel disease. He returned to the United States for treatment.

2004 saw two championship titles for Speed. He won the "Formula Renault 2000 Eurocup" and later "German Formula Renault". This was despite his worsening colitis. This performance earned him a drive in the first season of GP2 Series for 2005. He ended the season third place in the driver championship standings behind Nico Rosberg and Heikki Kovalainen.

At the end of 2005, Speed drove the first three races of the new A1 Grand Prix series for "A1 Team USA".

In 2005 at the Canadian Grand Prix, Speed took part as a test driver for Red Bull Racing; becoming the first American driver to participate in a Formula One event since Michael Andretti's 1993 stint. He was also the test driver for the United States Grand Prix.

After the purchase of Minardi, Red Bull Racing announced the team would become Scuderia Toro Rosso. Speed and Vitantonio Liuzzi would be the drivers for the 2006 season.

In , Speed's first race was the Bahrain Grand Prix. His best finish of the season was a ninth place at the Australian Grand Prix. He would have finished Australia in the points, but had 25 seconds added to his race time for overtaking under yellow flags. At the United States Grand Prix he qualified a career best 13th. He was taken out of the race in a first-lap collision.

Scott Speed's season was disappointing. He had equipment breakdowns and several crashes. He spun off the circuit in wet conditions at the European Grand Prix. That turned out to be his last race for the team. After the race, it was reported that he was involved in a physical altercation with team principal Franz Tost. Tost has since denied this. Speed also said that they wanted to get rid of both him and Liuzzi. Before the next race at Hungary, the team announced that he had been replaced by Sebastian Vettel.

To get ready for racing in NASCAR, Speed raced in the Automobile Racing Club of America (ARCA) series. he enter several races in 2007, and a full season in 2008. He drove the Red Bull-sponsored Toyota for Eddie Sharp Racing. Speed finished 5th in the points in 2008.

During the finale of the 2008 ARCA season, Ricky Stenhouse Jr. hit Speed and sent him into the wall. This ended Speed chance at a good finish, and possibly a Championship. After repairs, Speed intentially ran his car into Stenhouse, sending both cars into the wall. Neither driver was injured. ARCA officials parked Speed for the day.

Speed made his Craftsman Truck Series debut at Atlanta Motor Speedway on March 7, 2008. He drove the Morgan-Dollar Motorsports #46 Cheverolet truck with Red Bull sponsorship. In his second race, he recorded his first Top 10 finish at Martinsville Speedway. He won his first career race on May 30 at Dover with Bill Davis Racing in a Toyota. On Sunday October 19, 2008, Scott Speed started his first Sprint Cup Series event at Martinsville Speedway. He finished in 30th place. He finished the Cup season in the #84 Red Bull Toyota Camry for the Red Bull Racing Team.

For the 2009 Sprint Cup season, Speed's car number was changed to #82. He won his first Rookie of the Race honor at the Daytona 500. Speed won the pole for the Sam’s Town 300 in his Nationwide Series debut on February 28, 2009. He also broke the track record with a speed of 182.45 mph and a lap time of 29.42 seconds.

For the 2010 Sprint Cup season, Speed was still in the #82 car. He had a disappointing season, with only two top ten finishes. At the end of the year, Red Bull Racing release Speed from his contract. This move was to make room for the return of Brian Vickers and the addition of Kasey Kahne. Vickers was returning after heart surgery. Kahne was signed for a one-year deal.

Within two weeks of leaving Red Bull Racing (RBR), Speed filed a lawsuit against the team for breach of contract. Breach of contract means that one person or group in the contract (RBR in this case) did not do the things they should have done. Speed is asking for $6.5 million US$ in the lawsuit. Speed alleges (says) that Red Bull significantly reduced its financial commitment to Speed's race team and was unable and/or unwilling to provide [Speed] with 'supporting equipment' satisfactory for a driver of [his] skill to [be] effective [to] compete in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Speed is claiming that Red Bull did not give his race team enough money or himself good enough race cars. Without the best race cars, it is hard to race at the same level as the top teams.

On July 28, 2011, Speed place a lien on RBR's property in Mooresville, North Carolina. The lien is for the race shop and the land it sits on. A lien is a legal tool to keep RBR from selling the property. The property can be used to ensure a debt is paid. RBR purchased the property for about $3.3 million US$.

Speed attempted to qualify for the 2011 Indianapolis 500. He drove a car entered by Dragon Racing. He was having trouble finding enough speed in the car to qualify. Dragon Racing put Patrick Carpentier in the car to test it. Carpentier spun and crashed the car. Dragon did not have another car for Speed to use. Speed was unable to qualify for the race.

 Competed in less that 75% of the races. Not eligible to score championship points.

Speed currently resides in Mt. Holly, NC, where he lives with his wife Amanda Mathis.

His brother Alex currently races karts in America and is a 3 time Stars of Karting champion and a 3 time SKUSA Supernationals winner.


CeBIT

CeBIT is the name of an annual computer fair in Hanover, Germany. It is the worlds largest exhibition of this kind. CeBIT stand for "", German for "Centre of Office Automation and Information Technology and Telecommunication".

It takes place every year in spring on the "Messegelände", the large exhibition grounds of Hanover. From the 1950s until 1985, CeBit was a part of the Hanover fair ("Hanover-Messe"), a big industrial fair taking place every year in spring. Since 1986 it has been an independent fair.

In the 2000s the Cebit had about 500,000 visitors each year.

Robert Edwards

Sir Robert Geoffrey Edwards (27 September 1925 – 10 April 2013) was a British scientist who won the 2010 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work in developing in vitro fertilisation (IVF). This method is sometimes called making "test tube babies".

He began work on his ideas in the 1950s, and the first test tube baby, Louise Brown, was born on 25 July 1978. His research partner from 1968 was Patrick Steptoe (1913–1988). By 2010, more than 4 million babies had been born using the IVF method.

Edwards served in the military in World War II. In 1948, after the war, Edwards went to study at the University of Wales, then to the University of Edinburgh in 1951, where he completed his PhD. His studies had been on how embyros developed in mice. He had a research position at the California Institute of Technology in 1957. In 1958 he returned to England and began work for the National Institute of Medical Research. While at the Institute he began to study human fertilisation. In 1962, he took a up a new job at the University of Glasgow, but in 1963 went to Cambridge University. In 1965 he went back to the US where he was a visiting scientist at Johns Hopkins University and later at the University of North Carolina. he returned to Cambridge and taught physiology from 1969.

While scientists had some success in fertilising rabbit eggs in a laboratory, Edwards soon discovered that the process for humans was quite different and much more complex. He spent many years studying the human egg, and how it could best be fertilised by sperm outside the body. He succeeded in fertilising an egg in 1969, but they did not develop. Patrick Steptoe was a British gynecologist who had done a lot of work using a laparoscope to investigate the ovaries. Using the laparoscope he was able to take eggs directly from the ovaries. Edwards was able to use these eggs and successfully fertilize them in a cell culture dish. This discovery caused a lot of debate and discussions about whether this sort of study should be allowed to continue.

His wife was Ruth Fowler Edwards, the granddaughter of physicist Ernest Rutherford and daughter of physicist Ralph Fowler. He has 5 daughters and 12 grandchildren.

Edwards died on 10 April 2013 after a long lung illness in England, aged 87.

Theodore Sturgeon

Theodore Sturgeon (26 February 1918 — 8 May 1985) was an American science fiction author. 

He used a special writing style called "rhythmic prose". Prose writing tells a story, but rhythmic writing is often poetry. His prose text would fit into a standard poetry rhythm, or meter. This made subtle shift in mood. Usually the reader would not notice how the timing of the words changed their feeling.

His most famous novel is "More Than Human" (1953).

Sturgeon was born Edward Hamilton Waldo in Staten Island, New York City in 1918. His name was legally changed at age eleven after his mother's divorce and remarriage to William Dicky ("Argylle") Sturgeon. "Theodore Sturgeon" is occasionally misidentified as a pseudonym; it was in fact his legal name.

He sold his first story in 1938 to the McClure Syndicate, which bought much of his early (non-fantastic) work; his first genre appearance was "Ether Breather" in "Astounding Science Fiction" a year later. At first he wrote mainly short stories, primarily for genre magazines such as "Astounding" and "Unknown", but also for general-interest publications such as "Argosy Magazine". He used the pen name "E. Waldo Hunter" when two of his stories ran in the same issue of "Astounding". A few of his early stories were signed "Theodore H. Sturgeon."

Sturgeon ghost-wrote an Ellery Queen mystery novel, "The Player on the Other Side" (Random House, 1963). This novel gained critical praise from critic H.R.F. Keating, who "had almost finished writing "Crime and Mystery: the 100 Best Books", in which I had included "The Player on the Other Side" ... placing the book squarely in the Queen canon" when he learned that it had been written by Sturgeon. Similarly, "William DeAndrea, author and ... winner of Mystery Writers of America awards, selecting his ten favorite mystery novels for the magazine "Armchair Detective", picked "The Player on the Other Side" as one of them. He said: 'This book changed my life ... and made a raving mystery fan (and therefore ultimately a mystery writer) out of me. ... The book must be 'one of the most skilful pastiches in the history of literature. An amazing piece of work, whomever did it'."

Sturgeon wrote the screenplays for the "" episodes "Shore Leave" (1966) and "Amok Time" (1967, later published as a "Fotonovel" in 1978). The latter is known for his invention of the pon farr, the Vulcan mating ritual, the first use of the sentence "Live long and prosper" and the first use of the Vulcan hand symbol. Sturgeon also wrote several episodes of "" that were never produced. One of these was notable for having first introduced the Prime Directive. He also wrote an episode of the Saturday morning show "Land of the Lost", "The Pylon Express", in 1975. Two of Sturgeon's stories were adapted for The New Twilight Zone. One, "A Saucer of Loneliness", was broadcast in 1986 and was dedicated to his memory. Another short story, "Yesterday was Monday", was the inspiration for The New Twilight Zone episode A Matter of Minutes. His 1944 novella "Killdozer!" was the inspiration for the 1970s made-for-TV movie, Marvel comic book, and alternative rock band of the same name.

Although Sturgeon is well-known among readers of classic science-fiction anthologies (at the height of his popularity in the 1950s he was the most anthologized author alive) and much respected by critics (John Clute writes in "The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction": "His influence upon writers like Harlan Ellison and Samuel R. Delany was seminal, and in his life and work he was a powerful and generally liberating influence in post-WWII US sf"), he is not much known among the general public and won comparatively few awards (though it must be noted that his best work was published before the establishment and consolidation of the leading genre awards, while his later production was scarcer and weaker). He was listed as a primary influence of the much more famous Ray Bradbury. Kurt Vonnegut based his character Kilgore Trout on Theodore Sturgeon.

Sturgeon died on May 8, 1985, of lung fibrosis, in Eugene, Oregon. Sturgeon lived for several years in the neighboring city of Springfield.

In 1951, Sturgeon said something that is now known as Sturgeon's Law. He said, "Ninety percent of SF [science fiction] is crud, but then, ninety percent of "everything" is crud." At first, this was called Sturgeon's Revelation. Sturgeon has said that "Sturgeon's Law" was originally "Nothing is always absolutely so." However, the former statement is now widely referred to as Sturgeon's Law. He is also known for his strong support of critical thinking and challenging all normative assumptions: "Ask the next question." He represented this credo by the symbol of a Q with an arrow through it, an example of which he wore around his neck and used as part of his signature in the last 15 years of his life.


Movie producers hired Sturgeon under his own name to write novelisations of these movies based on their scripts:


Sturgeon published numerous short story collections during his lifetime, many drawing on his most prolific writing years of the 1940s and 1950s. 

Note that some reprints of these titles (especially paperback editions) may cut one or two stories from the line-up. Statistics herein refer to the original editions only. 

The following table includes sixteen volumes (one of them collecting western stories) where up to three stories (representing no more than half the book) were previously published in a Sturgeon collection.

The following 6 collections consisted entirely of reprints of previously collected material:

North Atlantic Books has been releasing the chronologically assembled "The Complete Short Stories of Theodore Sturgeon", edited by Paul Williams, since 1994. The series will run to 13 volumes, with the last appearing in 2010.

The currently available volumes include:

Sturgeon was best known for his short stories and novellas. The best known include:


Article on-line from 2007 in which Wina Sturgeon recalls watching Apollo landing with TS in 1969


Battle of Britain

The Battle of Britain was a continued attack by the "Luftwaffe" on Great Britain during the summer and the autumn of 1940.

The Germans' first objective was to get control of the air space above Britain from the Royal Air Force (RAF), especially the Fighter Command.

The name comes from a famous speech, which was delivered by British Prime Minister Winston Churchill in the House of Commons: "The Battle of France is over. I expect the Battle of Britain is about to begin..."

The Battle of Britain was the first major campaign to be fought only by air forces, and it was also the largest and longest aerial bombing campaign until then.

In July 1940, coastal shipping convoys and shipping centres, such as Portsmouth, began to be the main targets. A month later, the "Luftwaffe" shifted its attacks to RAF airfields and infrastructure, which were other useful war targets. As the battle progressed, the "Luftwaffe" also targeted aircraft factories and ground infrastructure.

Coastal radar stations were bombed and so for a time, only one radar mast was standing. The British used a backup system of human observers to get information to the headquarters of Fighter Command. Most historians agree that Germany won that part of the campaign.

Eventually the Germans switched to attacking population centres, such as towns and cities, as well as factories. After the RAF bombed Berlin, and German air force bases in France, Hitler cancelled his orders not to bomb population centres and ordered attacks on British cities. The attacks on civilians were terror bombing tactics designed to cause panic and damage morale.

On 7 September 1940, a massive series of raids with nearly 400 bombers and more than 600 fighters targeted docks on the Thames in London day and night. This was called the "London blitz".

The RAF 11 Group rose to meet them in greater numbers than the "Luftwaffe" expected; 12 Group's Big Wing took 20 min to gain formation and missed its intended target, but it came across another formation of bombers while it was still climbing. The delay was blamed on being requested too late.

The "Luftwaffe" began to abandon its morning raids, with attacks on London starting late in the afternoon for 57 nights of attacks in a row.

Fighter Command had been suffering low morale since it was short of men and machines, and the break from airfield attacks allowed it to recover and so week by week, the defenders were getting stronger, and the losses suffered by the "Luftwaffe" were growing.

On 15 September, two massive waves of German attacks were prevented by the RAF, with every aircraft of 11 Group being used that day. The total casualties on that important day were 60 German and 26 RAF aircraft shot down. The German defeat caused Hitler to order two days later a delay of the preparations for the invasion of Britain. In the face of increasing losses in men, aircraft and the lack of good replacements, the "Luftwaffe" later switched from daylight to night-time bombing.

On 27 September, a Junkers Ju 88 returning from a raid on London was shot down in Kent. The German airmen survived to fight a battle against British troops stationed locally. That was said to be the first time in nearly 300 years that armed invaders had fought with British soldiers on British soil.

The keystone of the British defence was the detection, command, and control, which ran the battle. It was called the Dowding System, after its chief architect, Air Chief Marshal Sir Hugh Dowding, the leader of RAF Fighter Command.

The core of the system was the use of Radio Direction Finding (RDF, later called radar after radio detection and ranging). Its use, as was by information by the Royal Observer Corps, was crucial and allowed the RAF to intercept the incoming German aircraft.

Radar operators were linked via telephone, whose wires were laid deep underground with concrete anti-bomb protection, to an operational centre, which was Fighter Command Control at Bentley Priory. During the battle, several Coastal Command and Fleet Air Arm units came under Fighter Command control.

The Germans' Messerschmitt Bf 109E and 110C fought against the British air superiority fighterss the workhorse Hawker Hurricane Mk I and the less numerous Supermarine Spitfire Mk I. The Bf 109E had a better climb rate and was 10 to 30 mph faster than the Hurricane, depending on the altitude. In September 1940, the more powerful Mk IIa series 1 Hurricane started to enter service but only in small numbers. That version was capable of a maximum speed of 342 mph, 25 to 30 mph faster than the Mk I.

The performance of the Spitfire during the Dunkirk evacuation came as a surprise although the German pilots retained a strong belief that their 109 was the superior fighter. However, the Bf 109E had a much larger turning circle than either the Hurricane or the Spitfire. The two British fighters had eight Browning 303 machine guns, but most Bf 109Es had two machine guns and two wing cannons. The Bf 109E and the Spitfire were superior to each other in key areas. For instance, at some altitudes, the Bf 109 could outclimb the British fighter.

The failure of Germany to achieve its objective of destroying Britain's air defences or forcing Britain to negotiate an armistice or an outright surrender is considered to be its first major defeat and one of the crucial turning points in the war.

If Germany had gained air superiority, Adolf Hitler might have launched Operation Sea Lion, his planned invasion of Britain.

Thermite

Thermite is an incendiary mixture. It is not an explosive material, but can burn very fast and very hot.

It is made of an oxide of a less reactive metal mixed with a more reactive metal. One of the most common mixtures is iron(III) oxide-aluminium. The iron(III) oxide oxidizes the aluminium, being reduced to iron in the process. The aluminium is oxidized to aluminium oxide.

Many other metal oxides and metals can be used for thermite. Some metals that can be used are boron, magnesium, calcium, titanium, zinc, or silicon. Some metal oxides that can be used are copper(II) oxide, chromium(III) oxide, iron(II,III) oxide, manganese(IV) oxide, silicon dioxide, boron trioxide, or lead(II,IV) oxide. A metal cannot be used with its metal oxide. The metal has to be more reactive than the metal in the oxide, or the thermite will not work.

The reaction for an aluminium-iron(III) oxide thermite is this:

It is difficult to ignite thermite. It needs to be very hot. Ribbons of magnesium metal are used. A mixture of potassium permanganate and glycerin can be used to ignite thermite. It can be ignited by a flint lighter or a child's sparkler. It can be mixed with sulfur to make thermate, which makes it easier to melt the iron.

Contrary to popular opinion, metals can burn. Common metals need to be powdered, though, or they will conduct the heat away too fast to start a fire.

The thermite ("thermit") reaction was discovered in 1893. German chemist Hans Goldschmidt patented it in 1895. People called it the "Goldschmidt reaction" or "Goldschmidt process". Goldschmidt was trying to make very pure metals without the use of carbon in smelting. He soon discovered the value of thermite in welding. It started to be used in the early 1900s to weld train tracks.

Thermite is used for its original purpose, welding railroad rails together. It is also used to weld wires. Thermite is also used to make some metals. Chromium can be made by a thermite reaction between chromium(III) oxide and aluminium. The first uranium was made by a thermite. Thermite may also be used in fireworks to ignite other incendiaries.

Thermite was used in the military as an incendiary weapon. It is mainly used to destroy buildings and equipment as it melts the metal easily. Barium nitrate can be added to thermite to make an easier-burning mixture. Especially during World War II, militaries dropped thousands of bombs containing thermite on cities, starting fires everywhere.

Thermite is not safe to make at home. It releases ultraviolet light which can damage the eyes. It also makes a very hot flame that can melt iron. It is extremely difficult to extinguish. Streams of molten iron can flow out of a thermite mixture, igniting everything it touches. Some metals can boil and burst into flames when placed in thermite, such as zinc. If it is preheated then ignited, thermite can burn very fast, releasing a huge amount of heat and light. If it is dropped in water it can boil water very fast, making an explosion. Dropping it on ice can make the ice explode, however it is safe to drop it into a three-liter beaker filled with lightly moist sand.


Boulder, Colorado

Boulder is a city in the state of Colorado, in the United States. It is the county seat of Boulder County. Boulder is in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains. The city's height is . It is northwest of Denver. In 2020, there were 108,250 people living the City of Boulder. The Boulder Metropolitan Statistical Area has 330,758 people living in it.

Boulder is famous for its history and its Western traditions. In the late 1960s, lots of hippies moved to Boulder. The main campus of the University of Colorado, the University of Colorado at Boulder, is also here. CU Boulder is the biggest university in Colorado. The city is thought to be one of the best cities for health, well-being, quality of life, education, and art.

On November 7, 1861, the government decided to build a university in Boulder. The legislature decided that the university would be run by the state. The first building was built in 1875. The cornerstone for the Old Main Building was laid on September 20, 1875. The university was officially opened on September 5, 1877.

In 1907, the city of Boulder passed an anti-saloon ordinance. This law said that saloons and bars could not do business in the city, and that people could not drink alcohol. In 1916, the entire state of Colorado started prohibition. In US History, the "Prohibition Era" was a time when all alcohol was illegal. People could not make, drink, buy, sell, or serve alcohol. Prohibition ended in 1933, when the Twenty-first Amendment to the United States Constitution was passed by Congress.

The 2020 United States Census said there are 108,250 people living in the City of Boulder. These people make up 43,565 households. The population density was 4,111.7 people per square mile (1,587.5 people/km²). According to the census, the people living in Boulder are 78.8% White, 1.3% black or African-American, 0.6% Native American, 6.4% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 4.7% of another race, and 8.1% of two or more races. 10.6% of the population are Hispanic or Latino of any race.

Boulder is in Boulder Valley. This is a place where the Rocky Mountain meet the Great Plains. To the West of the city are some rock formations called the Flatirons. These are large flat pieces of stone that are tilted up on the foothills. The Flatirons are famous as a symbol of Boulder.

Boulder Creek flows through the City. Boulder Creek was named a long time before the city was built. It was named after the big granite boulders that have fallen into the creek over the years. Historians think that Boulder was named after Boulder Creek. The water in Boulder Creek comes from melting mountain snow and small rivers West of the city. Boulder Creek is a tributary of the South Platte River.

Boulder covers according to the U.S. Census Bureau. This includes of land and (3.8%) of water.

The 40th parallel (40 degrees north latitude) runs through Boulder. Baseline Road runs along the parallel today.

Flagstaff Mountain overlooks Boulder. The city is a few miles east of the Continental Divide and about northwest of Denver. Denver International Airport is about southeast of Boulder. The city gets its water from Arapahoe Glacier and Boulder Creek.

Boulder has a dry climate. It has many sunny or mostly sunny days every year. According to the Köppen climate classification, the city's climate is "semi-arid" (Köppen "BSk"). Winters are cool, but sometimes can get very cold. During the winter, the high temperature is usually in the mid- to upper- 40s°F (7–9 °C). The low temperature in winter can be below −10 °F (−23 °C) on a few nights. Usually it does not stay below 0 °F (−18 °C) for many days at a time. 

Even though it is cold in the winter, Boulder does not get as much snow as the mountains. This is because of something called orographic lift. This means that the mountains in the west dry out the air as it passes over the Front Range. By the time the air gets to Boulder, most of the water and snow has been removed. Sometimes there are heavy snow storms, but not too often. The average amount of snow in Boulder is per season, total. Usually only a few inches fall at a time. Because Boulder is so high up, the sun is very strong and hot, so the snow melts quickly. Sometimes Chinook Winds will make the temperature go up quickly and have the snow melt even faster.

Summer in Boulder is hot and dry. Usually there are 27 days during the summer that reach or above. It is much cooler at night because of how high up the city is. The hottest temperature ever was on June 23, 1954 and July 11, 1954. On those days it was . The coldest temperature was in February 1989 and December 1990, when it was .

Boulder is a Home Rule Municipality. In Colorado, this means that Boulder's government was formed according to three different legal documents. These documents are: Article XX of the Constitution of the State of Colorado; Title 31, Article 1, Section 202 of the Colorado Revised Statutes; and Boulder's own Home Rule Charter. 

Boulder is very liberal and very Democratic. , registered voters in Boulder County were 41% Democrat, 20% Republican, 1% other parties, and 38% unaffiliated (not any specific party.) Boulder County includes the conservative suburbs of Boulder. Boulder is sometimes called the "People's Republic of Boulder" or "25 square miles surrounded by reality." This is a lot like nicknames given to other liberal cities that have more conservative areas surrounding them, like Columbia, Missouri; Madison, Wisconsin; and Austin, Texas.

Boulder was the first city in Colorado to pass a law that made it illegal to discriminate against people because of their sexual orientation. This law was passed by the Boulder City Council in 1974. The law was repealed (cancelled) by the voters that same year. In 1975, Boulder became the second city to ever grant a same-sex marriage license. The license was given by Boulder County Clerk Clela Rorex. Soon after a law was passed that said that marriage licenses could not be given to people of the same gender. In 1987, the people of Boulder voted again to make it illegal to discriminate against people because of their sexual orientation. This was passed by popular vote. Boulder became the first city in the United States that had this kind of a law that was passed by a direct vote of the people.

Boulder has seven official sister cities:

There are several landmarks in Boulder in honor of the sister cities. The Sister City Plaza was dedicated in May 17, 2007. It is on the east lawn of Boulder's Municipal Building. The plaza was built in honor of Boulder's relationships with its sister cities.

Meta-Wiki

Meta Wiki (or Wikimedia Meta or simply Meta) is a wiki which holds information for all Wikimedia projects. Wikipedia has an interwiki link to Meta using m:.

Osteoarthritis

Osteoarthritis normally affects older people: it is a disease where joints wear out. As the joint surface wears away, it sheds particles which stimulate the joint lining to produce fluid. This causes the joint to swell. When the joint "cartilage" wears away, the core of the bone becomes exposed. The exposed bone rubs against other exposed bone. 

Joints will be stiff and painful, and may be swollen. The pain may be worse after exercise. It may get harder to move the joint.

Sergio Pérez

Sergio Pérez (born January 26, 1990 in Guadalajara, Jalisco), also known as "Checo" Pérez, is a Mexican racing driver. Pérez is currently racing for Red Bull Racing-RBPT in the Formula One World Championship.

Pérez competed in the United States-based Skip Barber National Championship in 2004. Pérez moved to Europe for 2005 to compete in the German Formula BMW ADAC series for two years. Pérez took part one round of the 2006–07 A1 Grand Prix season. 

Pérez moved to the British Formula Three Championship for 2007. He won the championship in the National Class. For the 2008 season, he compeated in the International Class and finished fourth in the drivers' standings.

Pérez drove for the Campos Grand Prix team in the 2008–09 GP2 Asia Series season, partnering Russian driver Vitaly Petrov. He is the first Mexican driver to compete at this level of motorsport since Giovanni Aloi took part in International Formula 3000 in 1990. He won his first GP2 Asia Series race at Sakhir, having started from the pole position. He added a second win at Losail, during the sprint race of the night meeting in Qatar.

He moved to Arden International for the main 2009 GP2 Series season, driving alongside Edoardo Mortara. Pérez finished twelfth in the standings. His best finish was a second at Valencia. In the off-season, he raced in two rounds of the 2009–10 GP2 Asia Series season for Barwa Addax. He also raced in the 2010 GP2 season with Barwa Addax. He has won four races, and lies second in the standings with two races to go.

On October 4, 2010, Sauber announced that Pérez will race for the team next season. He will partner with current driver Kamui Kobayashi and replace Nick Heidfeld. Sauber also announced a partnership with the Mexican telecom company Telmex.

During qualifying for the Monaco Grand Prix, Pérez had a bad crash. He received a concussion and spent the night in the hospital. Before the Canadian Grand Prix, he was medically checked and found to be okay. He was allowed to enter the Canadian GP. After Friday morning's practice, Pérez said he felt sick. It was decided that he would not drive the race car anymore that weekend. The team announced that Pedro de la Rosa would replace Pérez for the remainder of the weekend.

On September 28th 2012, Lewis Hamilton's decision to leave McLaren for Mercedes in 2013 was announced, and Pérez was subsequently confirmed as Hamilton's replacement, a massive step-up in his career. 

 Season in progress.

 Did not finish, but was classified as he had completed more than 90% of the race distance.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Season still in progress.


Nimatullah Kassab Al-Hardini

Nimatullah Kassab Al-Hardini (1808-1858) is a Catholic saint. He was a Lebanese Maronite father who living in Kfifane, Lebanon. He died in Kfifane on December 14, 1858. 

Nimatullah was canonized on May 16, 2004 by Pope John Paul II. He is remembered on December 14, the date of his death.


Dos Equis

Dos Equis ("Two X's") is a Mexican beer made by the Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma Brewery. It was originally called "Twentieth Century" (Siglo XX).
There are several types of Dos Equis beer. The original is an amber lager packaged in brown bottles. Then came a Special Pale lager in green bottles. In 2014 came "Azul". It has a more robust taste, made from blue agave nectar and some new spices. 

Dos Equis is well known in Mexico and the United States. This is partly because of advertisements called "The Most Interesting Man in the World". These ads have actor Jonathan Goldsmith and a narrator telling of his amazing exploits.

Berriew

Berriew () is a village in Powys, Wales. It is on the Montgomeryshire Canal and the river Rhiw near the merge with the River Severn. The village has won several 'Best Kept Village' awards - although the scheme has now been stopped.

The village bowling green is outside the village on the way to Brooks/Bettws. The bowling green is used regularly. The village primary school is by the road leading to Castle Caereinion. 

The football pitch and tennis courts are past the Talbot pub & restaurant. There are two pubs in the village centre - the Talbot and the Lion hotel. There is also the Horseshoes, a little way out of the village.

Glansevern Hall and Gardens are also near to the village.

The village post office at the corner shop, closed on Monday 20th October, 2008, and a new outreach service opened in the SPAR Stores shop also in the village a day later on 21 October 2008.

Berriew is the home of Berriew Football Club.

Mirror-artist and sculptor, Andrew Logan, bought the village squash courts and converted the building into The Andrew Logan Museum of Sculpture.

The church is dedicated to St. Beuno, supposidly born in the village.

Berriew has won this competition many times. It was first won in 1970.


Roy Halladay

Harry Leroy Halladay III (usually called Roy Halladay, May 14, 1977 – November 7, 2017), was a pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB). He joined the Phillies in 2010 after pitching for the Toronto Blue Jays from 1998 to 2009. He was born in Denver, Colorado.

Halladay has been chosen to the Major League Baseball All-Star Game seven times, and won the American League Cy Young Award in 2003. On May 29, 2010, Halladay threw a perfect game against the Florida Marlins. On October 6, 2010, in his first career MLB playoff game, he threw a no hitter against the Cincinnati Reds, allowing only one walk. Halladay won the 2010 National League Cy Young Award, and became one of five pitchers who have won Cy Young awards in both leagues.

Halladay was killed when his plane crashed in the Gulf of Mexico near Holiday, Florida on November 7, 2017. He was the only passenger on the plane, which belonged to his father. He was 40 years old.

Pacifism

Pacifism is when someone does not think war or violence is a good way to stop a fight or to get ahead of someone and move toward peace. Pacifism was encouraged in the first days of people as a whole. Conscientious objector also oppose of pacifism and conscience for peace. Buddhists believe that war is a bad thing. War can't be solved just by fighting.

Compassion (or care) for all life, human and nonhuman is central to Hinduism, Buddhism, which was founded by Siddhattha Gotama (or Buddha), and also Jainism, founded by Mahavira. Both the Buddha and Mahavira were by birth kshatriya, the varna (social order) of soldiers and officials.


Microvenator

Microvenator (meaning "small hunter") was a small, fast-moving, long-legged, meat-eating, bipedal dinosaur about 4 ft. (1.2 m) long, weighing perhaps 6.5-14 pounds (3-6.4 kg). This turkey-sized predator was an advanced theropod that lived during the early Cretaceous period, about 119 million to 113 million years ago, in what is now Montana (USA).

A1 Grand Prix

A1 Grand Prix (A1GP) was a 'single make' open wheel car auto racing series. It was different from most racing series. The drivers represented their nation as opposed to themselves or a team. The series was ratified by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). Races were held in the traditional Formula One off-season, winter the northern hemisphere. The seeries was founded by Sheikh Maktoum Hasher Maktoum Al Maktoum of Dubai in 2003. Tony Teixeira took control of the series in 2006, leading it to liquidation by 2009.

The concept was founded by Sheikh Maktoum Hasher Maktoum Al Maktoum of Dubai in 2003. Brian Menell and Tony Teixeira were appointed to run the sale of franchises. Thirty franchises were made available.

Twenty-five of the franchises were purchased for the 2005–06 A1 Grand Prix season. It began on 25 September 2005. The first race was the A1 Grand Prix of Nations Great Britain at the Brands Hatch circuit in the United Kingdom. The first season was planned for 12 rounds. Eash round was two races in a weekend. The Curitiba, Brazil in January 2006 was cancelled. Nelson Piquet, Jr. won the inaugural race of the series for A1 Team Brazil. A1 Team France were crowned the first-ever A1 Grand Prix world champions with 172 points. Switzerland were second with 121 points and A1 Team Great Britain third with 97 points.

The 2006–07 season started on 1 October 2006 at Circuit Park Zandvoort, and the last race at Brands Hatch on 29 April 2007. Team Germany won it with 128 points, 35 points lead ahead of Team New Zealand. 

The 2008–09 season saw the new "Powered by Ferrari" A1GP car. 

The opening of the 2009-10 season was canceled five days before practice was due to begin. Due to the series' financial problems, none of the scheduled races take place. The cars and series infrastructure were tied up in London. No comment was coming from A1GP. More races were cancelled. An announcement made on 5 November 2009 stating that the races in China and Malaysia would not be taking place.
The last race that was to be held in the season was the Dutch round. That race was change to a Superleague Formula race. This ended the hopes the season would start and also put the future of the series in doubt.

Each A1 Grand Prix team represented a nation. Drivers must have the same nationality as the team they drove for. The team car should also represent the country. The team owner, principal and crew, however, did not need to have the same nationality as the team.

Twenty-nine nations started one race in A1GP


A1 Grands Prix of Nations took place over a three-day period, from Friday to Sunday. A two-hour qualifying session took place on Saturday afternoon, and two races took place on Sunday. The driver selected for qualifying or for one of the races was required to have taken part in at least one practice session.

A1 Grand Prix qualifying determined the grid lineup for Sunday's races, the Sprint Race and the Main Race. The grid for the Sprint Race was set based on the cars' fastest time from either the first or the second session. The grid for the Feature Race was based on sessions three and four. 

The Sprint Race was held in the early afternoon. The race began from a rolling start, and it was a maximum of 24 minutes plus one additional lap.<ref name="New 08/09 Rules"></ref> Each team had to make one mandatory pit stop. 

The Feature Race was held mid-afternoon. The race began from a standing start, and was approximately 180 kilometres. The maximum time limit of 69 minutes plus one lap. Teams had to make two mandatory pit stops during the Feature Race.

During the pit stop, all four tires on the car had to be changed. Fuel was not allowed to be added to the car.

Drivers did not score points for themselves. The points earned went their national team. Teams could change drivers between rounds and still accumulate points to their score.

Points and cash prizes were awarded for the first ten places. In addition, one point was awarded to the team that set the fastest single lap time in either the Sprint or Main Race.

The A1GP formula provided a single "spec" car for each team. Each car was mechanically identical. It was designed to limit performance, reduce running costs, and prevent any one or number of teams gaining an advantage through better equipment. This provided field in which driver skill and team effort should become the primary factor for success. 

The cars were based on the Formula One Ferrari F2004 chassis. They used slick tyres from Michelin. The 4.5-litre Ferrari/Maserati V8 engine produced up to in "PowerBoost" mode.


Prince of Persia

Prince of Persia is the title of a series of video games and a movie that follow the adventures of a Persian Prince. They were created by Jordan Menchner. Prince of Persia has been developed and published by several different companies. Prince of Persia and Prince of Persia 2: The Shadow and the Flame, were developed by Brøderbund. Later Ubisoft took over creating the development starting with the series Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time. The game platform has developed over the years from 2D animations to 3D worlds. The movie "Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time" was released by Disney in 2010.


Adelaide Football Club

The Adelaide Football Club, the Crows, is an Australian rules football team in the Australian Football League (AFL) based in Adelaide, South Australia. The club was formed by the South Australian National Football League as a joint team to represent South Australia in the AFL. The Crows played their first game on March 22 1991, against the Hawthorn Football Club which they won 155 to 69, in front of a crowd of 44,902 people. Since 2014, its home ground is the Adelaide Oval in Adelaide, which it shares with the Port Adelaide Football Club. Before that, they played at AAMI Stadium. The Crows have won two AFL Premierships, in 1997 against St Kilda Football Club, and in 1998 against the North Melbourne Football Club.

<poem>
"We're the pride of South Australia"
"We're the mighty Adelaide Crows"
"We're courageous, stronger, faster"
"And respected by our foes"
"Admiration of the nation"
"Our determination shows"
"We're the pride of South Australia"
"We're the mighty Adelaide Crows."

"We give our best from coast to coast"
"Where the story will be told"
"As we fight the rugged battle"
"The flag will be our own"
"Our skill and nerve will see us through"
"Our commitment ever grows"
"We're the pride of South Australia
"We're the mighty Adelaide Crows."
</poem>


Carlton Football Club

The Carlton Football Club, the Blues, is an Australian rules football team that plays in the Australian Football League. It is based in the Melbourne suburb of Carlton. The club began in 1864, and its first home ground was a clearing in Melbourne's Royal Park. In its first season the Blues won only one game out of ten. In 1877, the club joined the Victorian Football Association, and then in 1897 it joined the Victorian Football League as one of its original teams. After using grounds in East Melbourne and Melbourne University, the club moved to its new football ground at Princess Park, Carlton in 1897. In 1908, the club added the letters CFC to its navy blue jumpers.
Carlton has won 16 Premierships in the VFL/AFL, the last one was in 1995.
<poem>
"We are the Navy Blues,"
"We are the old dark Navy Blues,"
"We're the team that never lets you down,"
"We're the only team old Carlton knows,"
"With all the champions they like to send us,"
"We'll keep our end up."
"And they will know that they've been playing"
"Against the famous old dark Blues."
</poem>


Essendon Football Club

The Essendon Football Club, the Bombers, is an Australian rules football team which plays in the Australian Football League (AFL). The club began in 1872, and played its first game in 1873 against Carlton. In 1877, the team joined the Victorian Football Association.

Essendon was one of the original teams in the Victorian Football League (VFL) which began in 1897. The other teams were Collingwood, Fitzroy, Melbourne, St Kilda, Carlton, South Melbourne and Geelong). Its first home ground was the East Melbourne Cricket Ground, and at the end of the 1921 season the club moved to the Essendon Recreation Reserve, known as Windy Hill. In 2000, the club moved its home ground to Etihad Stadium.

<poem>
"See the Bombers fly up, up!"
"To win the premiership flag."
"Our boys who play this grand old game,"
"Are always striving for glory and fame!"
"See the bombers fly up, up,"
"The other teams they don't fear;"
"They all try their best,"
"But they can't get near,"
"As the bombers fly up!"
</poem>


James Naismith

James Naismith (November 6, 1861 – November 28, 1939) was a Canadian and naturalized American sports coach. Naismith invented the sport of basketball in 1891. He is also said to have introduced the first football helmet. He wrote the original basketball rulebook and started the University of Kansas basketball program. He lived to see basketball become an Olympic demonstration sport in 1904 and an official event at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin.

He taught at the University of Kansas and was a part-time basketball coach from 1898 to 1907. He was also the Athletic Director for the Kansas Jayhawks.

He has been made a member of the Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame, the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame, the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame, the Ontario Sports Legends Hall of Fame, the Ottawa Sports Hall of Fame, the McGill University Sports Hall of Fame, the Kansas State Sports Hall of Fame and the FIBA Hall of Fame. The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame was named after him.

Dr. Naismith was born in 1861 in Ramsay Township (now Almonte, Ontario). His parents were both from Scotland. They met and married in Lanark County, Canada. He was not good at school, but enjoyed farm work. He usually spent his days outside playing catch, hide and seek, or duck on a rock. This is old game in which a person guards a large stone from other players, who try to knock it down by throwing smaller stones at it. He soon found that a soft lobbing throw was often much better than a straight hard throw in this game. This thought was later very important when he invented basketball. When he was nine, his parents died from typhoid fever. He lived with his grandmother and his uncle for many years. He went to grade school at Bennies Corners near Almonte, then Almonte High School, and graduated in 1883.

In the same year, Naismith entered McGill University in Montreal. He was described as quite thin, 5 foot 10 ½ inches tall and weighing 168 pounds. He was a talented and quick-moving athlete who played for McGill in Canadian football, soccer and gymnastics. He also played center on the football team, where he wore the first football helmet. Naismith won many Wicksteed medals for outstanding gymnastics performances. He got a BA in Physical Education (1888) and a Diploma at the Presbyterian College in Montreal (1890). From 1891 on, he taught physical education and became the first McGill director of athletics. He left Montreal to become a physical education teacher at the YMCA International Training School in Springfield, Massachusetts. He was a member of the Sigma Phi Epsilon Fraternity.

At Springfield YMCA, he found teaching difficult. His class was restless and irritable because they had to stay inside in the winter. Dr. Luther Gulick, leader of the Springfield YMCA Physical Education, told him to make up a game that could be played inside which would be a good "athletic distraction" in 14 days. Gulick said that it should not need too much room, help the athletes keep healthy, and was "fair for all players and not too rough."

Naismith was guided by three main thoughts. Firstly, he studied the most popular games of those times (rugby, lacrosse, soccer, football, hockey and baseball). He saw the danger of a small fast ball and decided that the big soft soccer ball was safest. Secondly, he saw that most physical contact happened while running with the ball, dribbling or hitting it. He decided that passing was the only legal option. He further reduced body contact by making the goal unguardable, by putting it high above the player's heads. To score goals, he made players throw a soft lobbing shot that he had used in his old favorite game "duck on a rock". Naismith called this new game "Basket Ball" and wrote down the 13 basic rules.

The first game of "Basket Ball" was played in December 1891. The teams had nine players, and used a soccer ball. The goals were a pair of peach baskets: "When Mr. Stubbins brot [sic] up the peach baskets to the gym I secured them on the inside of the railing of the gallery. This was about 10 feet from the floor, one at each end of the gymnasium. I then put the 13 rules on the bulletin board just behind the instructor's platform, secured a soccer ball and awaited the arrival of the class... The class did not show much enthusiasm but followed my lead... I then explained what they had to do to make goals, tossed the ball up between the two center men & tried to keep them somewhat near the rules. Most of the fouls were called for running with the ball, though tackling the man with the ball was not uncommon."

The first rules did not include what is now called dribbling. Since the ball could only be moved up the court with a pass, early players tossed the ball over their heads as they ran up court. Also, following each "goal" a jump ball was taken in the middle of the court. Both practices are no longer in the rules of modern basketball.

By 1892, basketball had grown so popular on campus that Dennis Horkenbach (editor-in-chief of "The Triangle", the Springfield college newspaper) featured it in an article called "A New Game". There were calls to name the new game "Naismith Ball", but Naismith refused. By 1893, basketball was introduced in other countries by the YMCA movement. From Springfield, Naismith went to Denver where he studied for a medical degree and in 1898 he joined the University of Kansas faculty at Lawrence, Kansas.

The University of Kansas started a men's basketball program in 1898, following Naismith's arrival. This was only six years after he had invented the game. He was employed as chapel director and physical education instructor. In these early days, most basketball games were played against nearby YMCA teams. The YMCA's across the nation played a very important part in the birth of basketball. Other common opponents were Haskell Indian Nations University and William Jewell College. With Naismith as coach, the team played only three current Big 12 schools: Nebraska (six times), Missouri (twice), and Kansas State (once). Naismith was, ironically, the only coach in the program's history to have a losing record (55–60). However, he coached Forrest "Phog" Allen, who took over as coach at Kansas. Allen was also added to the Basketball Hall of Fame. When Allen became a coach himself and told him that he was going to coach basketball at Baker University in 1904, Naismith said to him: "You can't coach basketball; you just play it." Allen began a coaching career that would lead him to be known as "the Father of Basketball Coaching." During his time at Kansas, Allen coached Dean Smith (1952 National Championship team) and Adolph Rupp (1922 Helms Foundation National Championship team). When Dean Smith retired as head Basketball coach at North Carolina he had the most wins in college basketball history, second was Adolph Rupp (Kentucky) and third was Allen. The three coaches have joined Naismith as members of the Basketball Hall of Fame.

By the turn of the century, there were enough college teams in the east of the U.S. that the first games between different colleges could be played. Although his sport continuously grew, Naismith long regarded his game as a curiosity and preferred gymnastics and wrestling as better forms of physical education. However, basketball became a demonstration sport at the 1904 Games in St. Louis, USA. As the Basketball Hall of Fame reports, he was not interested in self-promotion nor in the glory of competitive sports. He was more interested in his physical education career, receiving an honorary PE Masters degree in 1910. He patrolled the Mexican border for four months in 1916 during World War I, travelled to France, published two books ("A Modern College" in 1911 and "Essence of a Healthy Life" in 1918) and became an American citizen in 1925.

In 1935, the National Association of Basketball Coaches (created by Naismith's pupil Phog Allen) collected money so that the 74-year old Naismith could witness the introduction of basketball into the official Olympic sports program of the 1936 Summer Olympic Games. There, Naismith handed out the medals to three North American teams; United States, for the Gold Medal, Canada, for the Silver Medal, and Mexico, for their Bronze medal win. During the Olympics, he was named the Honorary President of the International Basketball Federation. When Naismith returned he commented that seeing the game played by many nations was the greatest compensation he could have received for his invention. In 1937, he played a role in the formation of the National Association of Intercollegiate Basketball, which later became the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics.

In his later years, he became Professor Emeritus in Kansas and retired in 1937 at the age of 76. Including his years as coach, he served as athletic director and faculty at the school for a total of almost 40 years. He died in 1939 after he suffered a fatal brain hemorrhage and was buried in Lawrence, Kansas. Posthumously, his masterwork "Basketball — its Origins and Development" was published in 1941. In Lawrence, Kansas, James Naismith has a road named in his honor, Naismith Drive, which runs in front of Allen Fieldhouse (the official address of Allen Fieldhouse is 1700 Naismith Drive), Kansas University's basketball arena. It is a separated, four-lane road that runs north and south from University Drive south to its end at 24th street, just south of the KU campus. The university also named the court in Allen Fieldhouse, "James Naismith Court" in his honor. Naismith Hall, a college residential dormitory, is located on the northeastern edge of 19th Street and Naismith Drive.

In 1898, he became the first college basketball coach of the University of Kansas basketball team. His record of 55 wins and 60 losses, means he became the only Kansas coach to have a losing record. Nevertheless, he has one of the greatest coaching legacies in basketball history, as he coached Basketball Hall of Fame coach Phog Allen, who himself coached Hall of Fame coaches Dean Smith, Adolph Rupp, and Ralph Miller at the University of Kansas.

The Naismith Memorial Hall of Fame in Springfield, Massachusetts, is named in Naismith's honor. He was the first member in 1959. The National Collegiate Athletic Association rewards its best players and coaches annually with the Naismith Awards, among them the Naismith College Player of the Year, the Naismith College Coach of the Year and the Naismith Prep Player of the Year. Women's basketball became an Olympic event in Montreal during the 1976 Summer Olympics. 

Basketball is today played by more than 300 million people worldwide, making it one of the most popular team sports. In North America, basketball has produced some of the most-admired athletes of the 20th century. Polls conducted by ESPN and the Associated Press named basketball player Michael Jordan respectively first and second greatest North American athlete of the 20th century, and both polls featured fellow basketballers Wilt Chamberlain (of KU, like Naismith) and Bill Russell in the Top 20.

On June 20, 1894, Naismith married Maude E. Sherman from Springfield. The couple had five children: Margaret Mason (1895), Helen Carolyn (1897), John Edwin (1900), Maude Ann (1904) and James Sherman (1913). He was a member of the Pi Gamma Mu and Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternities, and regarding his spiritual beliefs, he is remembered as a Freemason. Maude Naismith died in 1937, and on June 11, 1939, he married his second wife Florence Kincaid. Naismith suffered a major brain hemorrhage on November 19 the same year and died nine days later in his home in Lawrence, Kansas. He was 78 years old. Naismith is buried in Memorial Park Cemetery in Lawrence, KS.

During his lifetime, Naismith's education and academic positions held were as follows:


Etihad Stadium

Etihad Stadium can refer to either of two stadiums named after Etihad Airways of Abu Dhabi:

First Indochina War

The First Indochina War was fought in French Indochina from December 19, 1946 to August 1, 1954. Other names for the war are the French Indochina War, Anti-French War, Franco-Vietnamese War, Franco-Vietminh War, Indochina War, Dirty War in France, and Anti-French Resistance War. The war was fought between the French Union's French Far East Expeditionary Corps, led by France and supported by Emperor Bảo Đại's Vietnamese National Army, and the Việt Minh, led by Hồ Chí Minh and Võ Nguyên Giáp. Most of the fighting took place in Tonkin, in northern Vietnam, but the conflict spread over the entire country and also extended into the neighboring French Indochinese protectorates of Laos and Cambodia.

The French reoccupied Indochina after World War II after the territory had been part of the Empire of Japan. The Việt Minh launched a rebellion against the French authorities. The first few years of the war involved a low-level rural insurgency against the French. However, after the Chinese communists had reached the northern border of Vietnam in 1949, the conflict turned into a conventional war between two armies, which had modern weapons supplied by the United States and the Soviet Union.

The French forces included colonial troops from the whole empire (Moroccan, Algerian, Tunisian,Laotian, Cambodiann, Vietnamese, and Vietnamese ethnic minorities) and French professional troops and units of the French Foreign Legion. 

It was called the "dirty war" ("la sale guerre") by supporters of the Left in France and intellectuals (including Jean-Paul Sartre) during the Henri Martin Affair in 1950.

The French had the strategy of pushing Việt Minh into attacking a well-defended base in a remote part of the country at the end of the logistical trail. The strategy was validated at the Battle of Na San. The major problem of the war was the lack of construction materials (especially concrete). Because of difficult terrain without roads, tanks could not be used, and providing of air cover was difficult. That made it almost impossible to defend the area effectively.

The Battle of Dien Bien Phu started when the French Army tried to attack the Viet Minh after it had cut of the supply line to get a easy defeat. The Viet Minh surrounded the French with trenches and attacked by using artillery. The trenches mare the battle looked like one from World War I. The French wanted to resupply the troops from the air, but the anti-aircraft guns shot down the planes. The Viet Minh had all those advangtages and won the battle, which caused the war to end shortly afterwards.

After the war, the Geneva Conference on July 21, 1954 made a provisional division of Vietnam at the 17th parallel. The Việt Minh received control over the north in a territory called the Democratic Republic of Vietnam under Ho Chi Minh. The area south of the 17th parallel was turned into the State of Vietnam under Emperor Bảo Đại to prevent Ho from gaining control of the entire country. A year later, Bảo Đại would be deposed by Prime Minister Ngô Đình Diệm, who created the Republic of Vietnam. Diem's refusal to enter into negotiations with North Vietnam on holding nationwide elections in 1956, as had been suggested by the Geneva Conference, would lead to another war breaking out again in South Vietnam in 1959, the Second Indochina War.

Nelson Piquet Jr.

Nelson Ângelo Tamsma Piquet Souto Maior (born 25 July 1985 in Heidelberg, West Germany), also known as Nelson Piquet Junior or Nelsinho Piquet, is a racing driver. He is the son of three-time Formula One world champion Nelson Piquet, one of Brazil's most successful F1 drivers. Piquet Junior currently drives part-time in the Camping World Truck Series for Red Horse Racing.

Piquet Jr. raced in the GP2 Series in 2005 and 2006. He drove for the Renault Formula One team for the , before being dropped midway through the season. After losing his ride, it was revealed that he had crashed on purpose at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix. The crash helped his team-mate, Fernando Alonso, win the race.

Piquet's parents separated soon after he was born. He lived in Monaco with his Dutch mother, Sylvia Tamsma, until he was eight years old. He then moved to Brazil with his father. "They kind of swapped me. My mother wanted me to get to know my father, she wanted me to know Brazil and the language, and she realised life in Brazil would be better for a child." Piquet has two sisters, Kelly and Julia, and four brothers, Geraldo, Laszlo, Pedro and Marco. He lived in Brasília and attended the American School of Brasília. When he was 16 years old, he decided to pursue his racing career full-time.

Piquet's racing career started in 1993 in Brazilian karting. In 2001 when he moved to Formula Three Sudamericana. He raced in part of the 2001 season, and won the 2002 championship. In 2002 he also entered one race of the Brazilian Formula Renault series.

In 2003, Piquet moved to the UK and joined the British Formula Three Championship. He went on to finish the championship in third place with six wins, five podiums and eight pole positions. A test with the Williams Formula One team followed.

In 2004, Piquet won the British Formula Three Championship. He became the youngest driver to win the championship, at 19 years and 2 months.

In 2005, Piquet took part in the A1 Grand Prix for A1 Team Brazil. He won both the Sprint and Main races at the 2005-06 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Great Britain, the first ever A1 race. He also set the fastest lap. He drove in the GP2 Series, winning his first race at Spa Francorchamps in Belgium, and tested for the BAR-Honda Formula 1 team.

In 2006, Piquet was second in the GP2 championship to Lewis Hamilton.

Throughout hes eary careet, Piquet was able to race for his own team. His father purchased the teams he raced for.

During the 2007 season he was the official test and reserve driver for the Renault Formula One team. For 2008 season Piquet was promoted to the Renault race team. He drove alongside returning double World Champion Fernando Alonso.

The first race of the 2008 season in Australia saw Piquet start 21st and damage his car in a collision on the opening lap. He finally retired on lap 31. This was exactly the same result as his father achieved in his first race at the German Grand Prix. Piquet qualified in 10th for the Spanish Grand Prix his first top 10 qualifying position of his career. Piquet scored his first points in F1 with a 7th-place finish at the French Grand Prix. He passed his team mate Alonso in the last few laps. At the German Grand Prix, finished in second place and his first podium finish.

Renault singed Piquet to a one-year contract for the season. His first race, in 2009 at Australia ended on lap 24 with brake failure. China was another disappointment. He spun several times, requiring two new nose cones for his car. He finished 16th and last, two laps down, in what team manager Flavio Briatore described as a "very, very bad race". His best race of the year was a tenth-place finish at Bahrain.

On 3 August 2009 Piquet confirmed that he had been dropped by Renault. He hit out hard at his former manager and team boss Briatore. He called him his 'executioner' and questioned Briatore's Formula One knowledge. Piquet also said the Renault boss favored teammate Fernando Alonso. Renault's test and reserve driver Romain Grosjean replaced Piquet for the rest of the season.

After Piquet left the Renault F1 team, the media started making claims about Piquet. They said that had crashed his car on purpose at the Singapore Grand Prix. They said he did this to benefit team-mate Fernando Alonso. Alonso had made an early pit stop, and was far behind the leaders. Alonso went on to win the race. At the time, Piquet had said the crash as a simple mistake.

Piquet told the FIA that it had been on purpose. He said had been asked by Renault team principal Flavio Briatore and engineer Pat Symonds to stage the crash. In return for his statement, Piquet was given immunity by the FIA. On 4 September 2009 Renault F1 was charged with conspiracy and race fixing. On 16 September, Renault announced they would not contest the charges, and that Briatore and team engineer Symonds had left the team.

Piquet has received criticism from many in the F1 community. BBC F1 commentator Martin Brundle suggested that Piquet Jr. was now unemployable in Formula One, saying that no team or sponsor would want to be associated with the Piquet family. Piquet decided to move to NASCAR for 2010.

Piquet made his stock car debut in the ARCA RE/MAX Series at Daytona International Speedway. He has made several races in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series. He drove one race for Red Horse Racing. In his first truck race, Piquet was managed to score a sixth-place effort, the first Brazilian driver to finish in the top ten in the series history. Piquet announced that he would be competing in three races for Billy Ballew Motorsports. In August, he competed in the NASCAR Nationwide Series race at the Watkins Glen International road course. He finished seventh in his first start in the series.

 Includes points scored by other Team Brazil drivers.

() (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in "italics" indicate fastest lap) 

Hoy

Hoy is one of the Orkney Islands.

Battle of Pharsalus

The Battle of Pharsalus was the decisive battle of Caesar's Civil War. On 9 August 48 BCE at Pharsalus in central Greece, Gaius Julius Caesar and his allies formed up opposite the army of the republic under the command of Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus ("Pompey the Great"). Pompey had the backing of a majority of senators, and his army significantly outnumbered the experienced Caesarean legions.

Although Pompey had a larger army, he knew that Caesar's troops were more experienced, and might win in a pitched battle. Instead, Pompey waited Caesar's troops out, attempting to starve them by cutting off Caesar's supply lines. Caesar made a near disastrous attack on Pompey's camp, and was forced to pull away to regroup.

Pompey did not immediately follow up on his success. An indecisive winter (49–48 BCE) of blockade and siege followed. Pompey eventually pushed Caesar into Thessaly and, urged on by his senatorial allies, he confronted Caesar near Pharsalus. Pompey's allies disagreed with Pompey over whether to fight at Pharsalus. Pompey, who wanted to starve Caesar's soldiers, had his hand forced by his allies.

There was significant distance between the two armies, according to Caesar. Pompey ordered his men not to charge, but to wait until Caesar's legions came into close quarters. The idea was to tire Caesar's men before the battle started.

Seeing that Pompey's army was not advancing, Caesar's men, without orders, stopped to rest and regroup before continuing the charge. Caesar, in his history of the war, would praise his own men's discipline and experience, and questioned Pompey's decision not to charge.

When the lines joined, Labienus (Pompey's cavalry leader) ordered the cavalry to attack. At first they did well, then Caesar ordered his cavalry to withdraw. Light troops fiercely attacked Pompey's cavalry. The first line of the Pompeiian horse were panicked by the cohort's javelins and caused the entire cavalry to fall into disorder. When the cavalry retreated, Caesar's men slaughtered the light troops who supported them. They attacked Pompey's left flank and, rejoined by their cavalry, were able to get behind and attack Pompey's army from the rear. Caesar raised the pressure further by ordering his as yet uninvolved third line to relieve the front ranks. The remaining Pompeiian soldiers fled and soon the main battle was done.

Pompey retreated to his camp and ordered the garrison to defend it. Caesar urged his men to capture the enemy camp. They furiously attacked the walls. The Thracians and the other auxiliaries who were left in the camp defended bravely, but they were not able to fend off the enemy assault. Pompey fled with a group, claiming that he had been betrayed. Caesar had won his greatest victory, having lost only about 200 soldiers and 30 centurions.

Pompey fled from Pharsalus to Egypt, where he was assassinated on the order of Pharaoh Ptolemy XIII. Ptolemy XIII sent Pompey's head to Caesar in an effort to win his favor, but Caesar was not pleased with the gift. Pompey was the widower of Caesar's only daughter. Nor did Ptolemy take into account that Caesar was granting amnesty to many of the senators and their men, men who once considered him an enemy.

The Battle of Pharsalus ended the wars of the First Triumvirate. The Roman Civil War, however, was not ended. Pompey's two sons and the Pompeian faction led now by Labienus, survived and fought their cause in the name of Pompey the Great. Caesar spent the next few years 'mopping up' remnants of the senatorial faction. After finally completing this task, he was assassinated in a conspiracy arranged by Brutus and Cassius.

Battle of Philippi

The Battle of Philippi was the final battle in the Wars of the Second Triumvirate between the forces of Mark Antony and Octavian (the Triumvirate) against the forces of Julius Caesar's assassins Brutus and Cassius in 42 BC, at Philippi in the Roman province of Macedonia. The Second Triumvirate declared this civil war to avenge Julius Caesar's murder.

The battle consisted of two engagements in the plain west of the ancient city of Philippi. The first occurred on the first week of October; Brutus faced Octavian, while Antony's forces were up against those of Cassius.

At first, Brutus pushed back Octavian and entered his army's camp. But to the south, Cassius was defeated by Antony, and committed suicide after hearing a false report that Brutus had also failed. Brutus rallied Cassius' remaining troops and both sides ordered their army to retreat to their camps with their spoils. The battle was essentially a draw, but for Cassius' suicide. This deprived the Liberatores of their best commander.

A second encounter, on 23 October, finished off Brutus's forces, and he committed suicide in turn, leaving the triumvirate in control of the Roman Republic. The Battle of Philippi marked the highest point of Antony's career: at that time he was the most famous Roman general and the senior partner of the Second Triumvirate. Antony's life was defined in this moment.

Healthy lifestyle

A healthy lifestyle is one which helps to keep and improve people's health and well-being and can also help overcome lots of stress. Many governments and non-governmental organizations work in promoting healthy lifestyles. Healthy living is a lifelong effect. Being healthy includes healthy eating, physical activities, weight management, and stress management. 

A healthy lifestyle includes a balanced diet. This does not mean cutting out important food groups from your diet or limiting yourself on the amount of calories per day. A well-rounded diet involves eating most food groups in every meal. Meats, dairy, fruits, and vegetables are all important components of a meal that will ensure your body is healthy.

Doing a healthy diet brings a lifestyle that can change your life into being healthier and physically fit. According to Jim Rohn, "Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live."

A healthy lifestyle is mostly associated with:

 Health Prevention and Promotion in the EU

Galileo thermometer

A Galileo thermometer or Galilean thermometer is a thermometer that uses the density of liquids to measure temperature. The thermometer was invented by Galileo Galilei, who had noticed that the density of a liquid changes with temperature. The thermometer is made of a glass container, filled with a liquid. Inside, there are other containers, usually with other liquids. When the temperature changes, so does the density of the "container" liquid. As a consequence, the smaller containers may fall to the floor, or rise to the surface.

Usually, such thermometers are calibrated, to either 2° or 1°. The temperature is then that of the bulb with the lowest temperature, floating above.

Now, Galileo thermometers are used mainly for decoration rather than for measuring temperature, although you can still read the temperature off them.

Aristotle Onassis

Aristotle Socrates Onassis (20 January 1906 – 15 March 1975) was a prominent Greek shipping magnate and founder of Olympic Airways.

Onassis was born in Smyrna (now Izmir), Ottoman Empire, into a prosperous Greek family. He received a good education and became fluent in several languages. In 1922, when Turkey took possession of Smyrna, the Onassis family lost most of their fortune and had to flee to Greece. The following year, Onassis left for Argentina where he quickly established himself as a prominent businessman.

He later began to invest in shipping and eventually acquired a large fleet of freighters which made him one of the richest men in the world. In 1957, he founded Olympic Airways. He converted one of his ships into a luxury yacht called "Christina", which he used to entertain famous people (artists, politicians, royalty, etc.).

He married Athina Livanos (1926-1974) in 1946, with whom he had two children; Alexander (1948-1973) and Christina (1950-1988). In the late 1950s, he met diva Maria Callas and began a liaison with her that led to his divorce. In 1968, he startled the world by marrying Jacqueline Kennedy, the widow of slain President John F. Kennedy.

He died at American Hospital of Paris in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France, from complications of myasthenia gravis and pneumonia, aged 69.

Private equity

Private equity is investment in shares of a company that is not publicly listed and consequently does not offer its shares to the general public. 

Investors, often from institutions like funds, give a company money, and in turn buy part of that company. The most common types of private equity are: leveraged buyouts, venture capital, growth capital, distressed investments and mezzanine capital. 

In leveraged buyouts, investors buy the majority control of a mature company. In venture capital or growth capital investment, investors give money to start-up companies.

The Heartbreakers

Johnny Thunders and the Heartbreakers, also known as The Heartbreakers, were an American rock band. They formed in New York in May 1975. They were one of the first punk rock bands. One of their most popular songs was called Chinese Rocks. Dee Dee Ramone and Richard Hell wrote this song about heroin in 1976.

Johnny Thunders (vocals/guitar) and Jerry Nolan (drums) had quit the New York Dolls. That same week Richard Hell (vocals/bass) was kicked out of Television. The three musicians joined to make the new band. After a few shows, Walter Lure (vocals/guitar) from a group called The Demons joined the band also. In 1976, Hell left group. He was replaced by Billy Rath. Hell went on to form his own band, The Voidoids.

The Heartbreakers came to Europe to tour just as the UK punk scene was growing. The Heartbreakers got many fans by playing in and around London. The Sex Pistols invited them to play first on the Anarchy Tour. Many things went wrong on this tour.

They soon signed a contract with Track Records. Their debut—and only—studio album, " L.A.M.F.", had all the Heartbreakers' popular live songs. Making and selling this album caused problems for the band. Some band members were angry about the poor quality of the sound. Several members of the band left at this point. The Heartbreakers reformed in 1979 for a few goodbye shows at Max's Kansas City with drummer Ty Stix replacing Nolan. These shows were recorded and became the album "Live at Max's Kansas City '79". The Heartbreakers' song, "London Boys", insulted the Sex Pistols. This was to answer the Sex Pistols' song "New York", that insulted the New York Dolls.

The band got back together sometimes to play at New York clubs until Johnny Thunders died in 1991. Jerry Nolan died in 1992. These live shows often had songs from the New York Dolls or from Thunders' solo career. Hell rarely plays music live, concentrating instead on writing and spoken-word performances. Lure became a stockbroker on Wall St. but still performs once in a while when he is not working at his regular job. In 2007 Lure went on a short European tour.



Battle of Actium

The Battle of Actium decided the final war of the Roman Republic. It was fought between the forces of Octavian and the combined forces of Mark Antony and Cleopatra.

The battle took place on 2 September 31 BC, on the Ionian Sea near the Roman colony of Actium in Greece. Octavian's fleet was commanded by Agrippa, while Antony's fleet was supported by the ships of his lover, Queen Cleopatra of Egypt.

Octavian's victory enabled him to consolidate his power over Rome and its dominions. To that end, he adopted the title of Princeps ("first citizen"). As a result of the victory he was awarded the title of Augustus by the Roman Senate.

As Augustus, he would keep the trappings of a restored Republican leader. However, historians view this as the end of the Roman Republic and the beginning of the Roman Empire.

Rebecca St. James

Rebecca St. James (born Rebecca Jean Smallbone; 26 July 1977) is a Christian rock singer. She is signed to Forefront Records.

St. James has sold a total of two million albums.

St. James is originally from Australia. She now lives in Nashville, Tennessee. Her brothers are Joel and Luke Smallbone from the band for King & Country.

On 3 January 2011 she announced her engagement to Jacob Fink. He is the bassist of the band Foster the People. The couple were married on 23 April 2011 at the Junípero Serra Museum in San Diego, California.



Metalloid

A metalloid or semimetal is a chemical element. Metalloids are elements that have the properties of both metal and non-metal elements. It might be shiny, but brittle. It might be dull, but conduct electricity.

The most common semimetal is silicon. Silicon has electrical conductivity between metals and nonmetals. It is a semiconductor.

An approximate way to classify metalloids is to look at the Periodic Table of elements. See the double diagonal line: top left Boron and Aluminium, bottom right Polonium and Astatine. Those diagonals are the metalloids. Some metalloids are not semimetals, and some semimetals are not metalloids.

Photodetector

A photocell, also known as a photoresistor, is an electronic component, device that changes its electrical conductivity when light shines on it. In the picture, the electricity flows through the reddish part. Normally, when light shines on it, then more electricity flows through. When it is dark, almost no electricity flows through. Selenium can be used to make photocells, although some other chemicals can be used. 

Semiconductors are used to make photocells. When the light shines into the photocell, it "loosen"s the electrons, allowing them to flow and make an electrical current.


Selenium dioxide

Selenium dioxide, also known as selenious oxide, selenous oxide, or selenium(IV) oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SeO. It contains selenium in its +4 oxidation state. It also contains oxide ions. It is toxic.

Selenium dioxide is a white solid. It dissolves in water to make selenous acid. It easily evaporates. The vapor smells like horseradish sauce. It can burn the nose. It reacts with bases to make selenites.

Selenium dioxide can be made by burning selenium in air. It can also be made by reacting selenium with nitric acid or hydrogen peroxide. Another way to make it is to heat selenous acid.

Selenium dioxide is very rare as a mineral. It only is in places where coal caught on fire and the selenides were oxidized to selenium dioxide.

Selenium dioxide is used in making organic compounds. Selenium dioxide is used as a coloring in glass. Cobalt in glass makes a blue color. When a little selenium dioxide is added, the glass becomes colorless. When more selenium dioxide is added, the glass becomes ruby red.

Selenium dioxide can dissolve in water to make toxic selenium compounds. Swallowing any more than a very tiny amount can cause selenium poisoning. Selenium dioxide is a weak oxidizing agent and does not catch things on fire.


Selenium oxide

Selenium oxide may refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Selenium trioxide

Selenium trioxide, also known as selenium(VI) oxide and selenic oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SeO. It contains selenium in its +6 oxidation state. It also contains oxide ions.

Selenium trioxide is a white solid. It evaporates easily. It dissolves easily in water. It is not stable and breaks down to make selenium dioxide and oxygen when it is heated. It is a powerful oxidizing agent like all selenates. It dissolves in water to make selenic acid.

It can be made by reacting potassium selenate with sulfur dioxide. It can also be made by dehydrating (removing the water from) selenic acid with a strong dessicant, like phosphorus(V) oxide.


Selenide

Selenide is an ion. Its chemical formula is Se. Selenides are similar to sulfides. Selenides are reducing agents when pure. They are stronger reducing agents than sulfides. Selenide ores are the source of selenium. Selenides are normally mixed with sulfides. The selenide ion is unstable except in very basic conditions. Normally hydroselenide is made, which is HSe. In acidic conditions, hydrogen selenide gas is made.


Hydroselenide

Hydroselenide is an ion. Its chemical formula is HSe. Hydroselenides are normally made in neutral or slightly basic conditions. If it is very basic, selenides are made. If it is acidic, hydrogen selenide is made.


Hydrogen selenide

Hydrogen selenide, also known as hydroselenic acid, selenium hydride, or selane, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HSe. It is an acid. It contains hydrogen and selenide ions.

Hydrogen selenide is a colorless gas that dissolves in water to make an acidic solution. It smells like rotten horseradish. It is very toxic. It burns easily, making selenium dioxide. It is similar to hydrogen sulfide, a gas that smells like rotten eggs. It is a strong reducing agent.

Hydrogen selenide can be made by hydrolysis of aluminium selenide. This reaction also makes aluminium hydroxide. It can be made by reacting hydrogen with powdered selenium at a high temperature. 

It can be used to add selenide ion to organic compounds. It can also be used to make selenium by reacting it with sulfur dioxide. This makes selenium, sulfur, and water.


Aluminium selenide

Aluminium selenide, also known as aluminum selenide or aluminium(III) selenide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AlSe. It contains aluminium in its +3 oxidation state. It contains aluminium and selenide ions.

It reacts with water to make hydrogen selenide. It is a reducing agent and can burn to make aluminium oxide and selenium dioxide.

It is made by reacting selenium with aluminium powder at a high temperature.

It is used to make hydrogen selenide. 


Sodium selenide

Sodium selenide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaSe. It contains sodium and selenide ions.

Sodium selenide is a solid. It reacts with water to make a mixture of sodium hydroxide and sodium hydroselenide. It is a reducing agent. It is oxidized to a mixture of selenide and selenium, making an offwhite color. It is eventually oxidized to selenium dioxide. it reacts with acids to make hydrogen selenide gas. 

It is made by reacting selenium with a solution of sodium in liquid ammonia. 

Sodium selenide is used to react with some organic compounds. 


Selenium monochloride

Selenium monochloride, also known as selenium(I) chloride or diselenium dichloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SeCl. It contains selenium in its +1 oxidation state. It also contains chloride ions.

It is a reddish brown oily liquid.

It can be made by reacting selenium, selenium dioxide, and hydrochloric acid. It can be made though by just reacting chlorine with selenium. Another way to make it is reacting oleum and hydrochloric acid with selenium.

It can be used to add selenium to other chemical compounds.


Selenite

Selenite is an ion. Its chemical formula is SeO. It makes the hydrogen selenite ion, HSeO in neutral conditions. When in acidic conditions it makes selenous acid. They are normally made by heating metal oxides with selenium dioxide. An example would be sodium selenite. Selenites are weak at oxidizing.


Selenate

Selenate is an ion. Its chemical formula is SeO. They dissolve easily in water. They are strong oxidizing agents. In very acidic conditions, it makes selenic acid. Sodium selenate is an example.


Selenic acid

Selenic acid is a chemical compound. It is an acid. Its chemical formul is HSeO. 

It is normally a colorless solution in water. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It can turn into selenium trioxide when dehydrated carefully. It is a very strong acid. It reacts with hydrochloric acid to make chlorine and selenous acid. It can dissolve gold to make gold selenate. When heated above 200°C, it releases oxygen and turns into selenous acid. It reacts with bases to make selenates.

Selenic acid is made by oxidation of selenium dioxide with hydrogen peroxide. It is hard to evaporate it, but when it is evaporated, it makes colorless crystals. It can be made by oxidation of selenous acid with a strong oxidizing agent, such as potassium permanganate, chlorine, or bromine. The HCl and HBr made as a byproduct can reduce the selenic acic to selenous acid again, though, so it has to be taken out. 

It can also be made by reacting selenium with chlorine in water.


Selenous acid

Selenous acid, also known as selenious acid, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HSeO. It is an acid. It contains hydrogen and selenite ions.

Selenous acid is a weak acid. It can be heated to make selenium dioxide. It is more stable than sulfurous acid. It can be crystallized as a white solid. It is a weak oxidizing agent. It reacts with bases to make selenites.

It is made by dissolving selenium dioxide in water.

It is used to dye steel a blue-grey color. It is used in the making of organic compounds.

Selenous acid is very toxic. Just ingesting a small amount can kill you.


Sodium selenate

Sodium selenate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaSeO. It contains sodium and selenate ions.

Sodium selenate is a white solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It dissolves in water easily.

Sodium selenate is made by reacting sodium hydroxide with selenic acid.

Sodium selenate is used as a mineral supplement.

Sodium selenate is very toxic in amounts any more than a very tiny amount.


Sodium selenite

Sodium selenite is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaSeO. It contains sodium and selenite ions.

Sodium selenite is a white solid. It dissolves in water. It is a weak oxidizing agent. It reacts with acids to make selenous acid. It can be oxidized by powerful oxidizing agents to make sodium selenate. 

It is made by reacting sodium hydroxide with selenium dioxide

Sodium selenite is used to add a pink color to glass. It is also used in some vitamin supplements. 

Eating of any more than a very tiny amount would give selenium poisoning. 


Selenium acid

Selenium acid can refer to three selenium acids:


Selenium chloride

Selenium chloride can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Selenium fluoride

Selenium fluoride can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Selenium hexafluoride

Selenium hexafluoride, also known as selenium(VI) fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SeF. It contains selenium in its +6 oxidation state. It also contains fluoride ions.

Selenium hexafluoride is a colorless gas. It is much more reactive and toxic than sulfur hexafluoride. It has a bad odor.

Selenium hexafluoride is made by heating selenium and fluorine together.

This chemical compound has no uses. 


Selenium tetrafluoride

Selenium tetrafluoride, also known as selenous fluoride and selenium(IV) fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SeF. It contains selenium in its +4 oxidation state. It also contains fluoride ions.

It is a colorless liquid. It hydrolyses in water giving hydrofluoric acid and selenous acid. It is used to add fluoride to other chemical compounds. 

It is made by reacting selenium with a little fluorine. A lot of fluorine makes selenium hexafluoride. It can also be made by reacting sulfur tetrafluoride with selenium dioxide.

It is used to make adducts and fluorinating organic compounds.


Art Deco

Art Deco is a style of decorative art, design and architecture of the 1920s and 1930s in Europe, the United States and other countries. It was named after an international exhibition held in Paris in 1925, but there are some examples dating back to before the First World War. Art Deco followed another design style, Art Nouveau, which was influenced by organic plant-like forms.

Art Deco was one of the first styles of modern architecture. It was influenced by different styles and movements of the early 20th century, Neoclassical, Constructivism, Cubism, Modernism, and Futurism. Later Art Deco of the mid to late 1930s is also sometimes called Streamline Moderne.

One idea behind art deco architecture was to apparently streamline buildings the same way you would streamline a car for aerodynamics. The style was much more common in commercial buildings than in houses; many banks, schools, and libraries were built in this style. Most of the public buildings built by the Works Progress Administration during the Great Depression are in the Art Deco style.

Famous Art Deco buildings include the Chrysler Building in New York City and the Chicago Board of Trade Building in Chicago. Another is Bullock's Wilshire in Los Angeles. Many art deco buildings have elaborate terra cotta or murals inside them. The towers of the Golden Gate Bridge have an art deco design.

Eydie Gormé

Eydie Gormé (born Edith Gormezano; August 16, 1928 – August 10, 2013) was an American singer. Her husband, Steve Lawrence, sang with her. They were known as the duo "Steve and Eydie". Gormé herself has had some hit songs. One was "Blame it on the Bossa Nova".

Gormé was born on August 16, 1928 in The Bronx, New York City to Sephardi Jewish parents. Her father was from Sicily; her mother was from Turkey. She studied at William Howard Taft High School in New York. Gormé was married to Steve Lawrence from 1957 until her death in 2013. They had two sons. 

Gormé died on August 10, 2013, six days before her 85th birthday, following a brief illness, in Las Vegas, Nevada.

The Andrews Sisters

The Andrews Sisters were an American singing group in the 1930s, the 1940s and the 1950s. They were from Minneapolis, Minnesota. Their names were LaVerne (July 6, 1911 – May 8, 1967), Maxene (January 3, 1916 – October 21, 1995) and Patty Andrews (February 16, 1918 – January 30, 2013). They broke up in 1967 after the death of LaVerne, but their music is still played over certain radio stations in the United States. The Andrews Sisters were notable for their song "The Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy". That song was covered and recorded by multiple singers over the years.

The Andrews sisters were born in Minnesota, to a Greek father and Norwegian mother. They grew up in Minneapolis.

Maxene was married to Jack Kapp from 1941 until his death in 1949. They had two adopted children. Andrews died on October 21, 1995 in Cape Cod, Massachusetts, from a heart attack, aged 79.

LaVerne was married to Louis A. Roger from 1948 until her death in 1967. Andrews died on May 8, 1967 in Brentwood, California from cancer, aged 56.

Patty was married to Martin Melcher from 1947 until they divorced in 1950. Then she was married to Melvin W. Weschler from 1951 until his death in 2010. Patty was the last survivor of the group. She died on January 30, 2013 in her home in Northridge, California from natural causes, aged 94.


 

Intellectual disability

Intellectual disability is a condition of the brain. People suffering from it are not as smart as the average person of their age group; because of this, they often have trouble with getting through daily life, without the help of others. The condition is also known as intellectual developmental disability, or general learning disability. It used to be called mental retardation but that term is not used very much any more. It is classified as a learning disability. Intellectual disability becomes apparent in childhood. There are a number of conditions that show as intelectual disability. 

There are two main forms: In one form, the disability occurs together with other healh issues (or syndromes), in the other it occurs on its own.

To have an intellectual disability, a person must: 

There are two major types of intellectual disability.

The first is "syndromic intellectual disability". This means that the person has a syndrome that causes intellectual disability, as well as medical issues and other problems. Down syndrome and fetal alcohol syndrome are two examples of syndromic intellectual disabilities.

The second is "non-syndromic intellectual disability". This means that the intellectual disability is not a part of a syndrome.

There are three levels of intellectual disability, based on how severe a person's disability is:
Mild intellectual disability may not be noticed until a child starts school. Moderate and severe intellectual disability can be seen before a child starts school.

Intellectual disability affects about 2 to 3% of the general population. Seventy-five to ninety percent of the affected people have mild intellectual disability. Non-syndromic, or idiopathic cases account for 30 to 50% of these cases. About a quarter of cases are caused by a genetic disorder, and about 5% of cases are inherited. Cases of unknown cause affect about 95 million people .
The top three most common causes of intellectual disability are Down syndrome, DiGeorge syndrome, and Fetal alcohol syndrome.

Genetic disorders are caused by problems with a child's genes. Children are born with these disorders.

Substances called teratogens can prevent a fetus from developing normally. If a teratogen enters a woman's body while she is pregnant, it can cause developmental problems, like intellectual disabilities.

Examples of teratogens that can cause intellectual disabilities include:

For example, if a child does not get enough oxygen during birth, it can hurt the brain and lead to intellectual disability later.

Some childhood illnesses, like measles and whooping cough, can cause intellectual disability if not treated properly. So can infections that affect the brain, like meningitis and viral encephalitis.

Brain injuries can cause intellectual disability at any age.

Lack of proper nutrition can lead to intellectual disability over time. 

Iodine deficiency (not having enough iodine in the body) can lead to several medical issues, including intellectual disability. The most common way to prevent this is by adding iodine to salt. This is a much more common problem in developing countries.

In the DSM, there are three requirements a person has to meet in order to be diagnosed with an intellectual disability.

First, the person must have a low intelligence quotient (IQ). IQ is measured with an IQ test.

If the person has an IQ of below 70, they "may" have an intellectual disability. However, they must still meet the other two requirements to be diagnosed with an intellectual disability.

Second, to qualify for an intellectual disability, a person must have trouble in more than one area of normal daily activities. These activities are often called "adaptive behaviors" or "activities of daily living (ADLs)." Some examples of adaptive behavior are:
To see if a child is having trouble with these, a doctor will talk to people who know the child, and will watch the child's behavior.

The final requirement is that the symptoms of intellectual disability have to begin in childhood or adolescence. If the issues do not start at a young age, they are probably caused by a different illness of the brain.

There is currently no cure for intellectual disability. Those affected can learn to cope and do many things, if they get enough support and are taught well. There are many places around the world for someone with intellectual disability to get help. These places, such as group homes, can take care of people with intellectual disabilities, as well as help them find jobs, find a house of their own, or help them take care of their children.

There are some different ways for people with intellectual disability and those around them to learn how to help the person with the disability. One kind is psychosocial treatment. This is meant for very young children. Psychosocial treatment helps them learn basic skills and increase learning over their lifetime. Another kind is behavioral treatment. This is meant to help young people, but can be used for adults as well. Behavior treatment helps teach language skills as well as social skills like sharing or following instructions. A third kind of help is cognitive-behavioral treatment. This is a combination of the previous two treatments. Cognitive-behavioral therapy helps children with intellectual disability both learn skills and learn how to plan ahead. Another type of help a person with intellectual disability can get is family-oriented help. Family-oriented help focuses on teaching family members how to help the person in their family with intellectual disability.

Many people with an intellectual disability have other health problems, for which they will be given specific drugs. As an example, autistic children with developmental delay may use anti-psychotics or mood stabilizers to help with behavior. Giving drugs to intellectually disabled people needs to be monitored; side-effects often occur, and are wrongly diagnosed as problems with behavior or as psychiatric problems.

People have had intellectual disability throughout history. People with intellectual disability have had a lot of trouble in the past. The oldest idea of where intellectual disability came from was in ancient Greece. Hippocrates thought that intellectual disability was caused by an issue with the four humors. For several hundred years in Europe, churches took care of people with intellectual disabilities. In the 17th century, Thomas Willis suggested that intellectual disability was a disease caused by issues with the structure of the brain. In the 18th and 19th centuries, people with intellectual disabilities were put in asylums. The asylums would give them basics like food and shelter, but were not always good to the people in them. In the early 20th century, people with intellectual disability were made to not be able to have children and could not marry. It was thought that this would reduce the amount of intellectual disabilities in the future. This is not done anymore because it does not follow the idea of human rights.

In the 1950s, a group called the Civitans started to help people with intellectual disability. In the '70s, many people wanted to remove the stigma around people with intellectual disability. Now, people with intellectual disability are treated as people with something to be fixed instead of less than “normal” people. There are also fewer people with intellectual disability being sent to asylums.

Words that were used to describe people with an intellectual disability have changed a lot. The most common words used today are “special”, “challenged”, "learning disabled" and “developmentally delayed”. Some previous words to describe people with intellectual disability are “cretin”, “idiot”, “imbecile”, “moron”, and “retarded”, all of which are now regarded as insulting.

People with intellectual disability are often treated badly by people without disabilities. They are often not allowed to make choices about their own lives and are not considered a full part of society. Their abusers are often people who are supposed to care for them. 39-83% of women with intellectual disability will be sexually abused before they are 18 years old.

The dignity and human rights of people with intellectual disability are protected by the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities as well as other disabilities and equally like other persons without disabilities.

Selenium tetrachloride

Selenium tetrachloride, also selenious chloride, selenous chloride, or selenium(IV) chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SeCl. It contains selenium in its +4 oxidation state. It also contains chloride ions. 

Selenium tetrachloride is a yellow or white solid. It evaporates easily. It reacts with water to make hydrochloric acid and selenous acid. It reacts with selenium dioxide to make selenium oxychloride, a mixture of selenium dioxide and selenium tetrachloride bonded together.

It is made by heating a mixture of selenium and chlorine. The selenium tetrachloride escapes as a gas. This can be used to purify selenium. Impure selenium can be placed in the flask, reacted with chlorine. Only selenium tetrachloride escapes. This is reduced to selenium again, making pure selenium. 

It is used to purify selenium. It is used to make other selenium compounds.

Selenium disulfide

Selenium disulfide, also known as selenious disulfide, selenous disulfide, or selenium(IV) disulfide is a chemical compound. Its formula should be SeS. It contains selenium in its +4 oxidation state. It also contains sulfide ions. 

Selenium disulfide is an orange solid.

Selenium sulfide can be made by heating selenium and sulfur. 

It is used to kill fungi that make dandruff in hair. It can also be used to treat fungal (from fungi) skin infections.


Gaius Cassius Longinus

Gaius Cassius Longinus (before 85 BC – October 42 BC) was a Roman Senator, a leader of the plot to kill Julius Caesar, and the brother in-law of Brutus.

Little is known of Gaius Cassius's early life. He studied philosophy at Rhodes and became fluent in Greek. He was married to Tertulla, who was a half-sister of his co-conspirator, Brutus. They had one son.

Cassius's first office was as quaestor under Marcus Licinius Crassus in 53 BC, and he proved a good military leader. He travelled with Crassus to the province of Syria, and attempted to dissuade him from attacking Parthia, suggesting that they secure a base at the Euphrates. 

Crassus ignored Cassius and led the army into the Battle of Carrhae, during which he also ignored Cassius' plans for strengthening the Roman line. The result was the most famous Roman rout since the Second Punic War.

Cassius managed to save the remnants of the army with the help of Crassus' legate Gaius Octavius. Crassus was killed, but Cassius managed to escape with 500 cavalry and meet up with the surviving legionaries.

For two years afterwards, Cassius governed the province of Syria as Proquaestor, defending the border against Parthian incursions until the new proconsul arrived. The last incursion resulted in the death of the Parthian commander Osaces, and split the Parthian troops. Cicero, then governor of Cilicia, sent Cassius a note of congratulations for the victory.

Cassius returned to Rome two years later. The outbreak of the civil war between Julius Caesar and Pompey the Great saved Cassius from being brought to trial by his enemies for extortion in Syria. Cassius was elected Tribune of the Plebs in 49 BC, and threw in his lot with Pompey, fleeing Italy as Caesar crossed the Rubicon. He met Pompey in Greece, and was made commander of his fleet.

In 48 BC, Cassius sailed his ships to Sicilia where he attacked and burned a large part of Caesar's navy. He then proceeded to harass ships off the Italian coast. News of Pompey's defeat at the Battle of Pharsalus caused Cassius to head for the Hellespont. Cassius was overtaken by Caesar en route, and was forced to surrender unconditionally.

Caesar made Cassius a legate, employing him in the North Africa, but Cassius refused to join in the fight against Cato and Scipio in Africa, choosing instead to retire to Rome.

Cassius spent the next two years without office, and apparently tightened his friendship with Cicero. In 44 BC he became "praetor peregrinus" with the promise of the Syrian province for the ensuing year. The appointment of his junior, Brutus, as "praetor urbanus" deeply offended him.

Although Cassius was "the moving spirit" in the plot against Caesar, winning over the chief assassins, Brutus became their leader. On the Ides of March, 44 BC, Cassius urged on his fellow liberators and struck Caesar in the face. He and his fellow conspirators referred to themselves as the "Liberators" "(Liberatores)".

Although they succeeded in assassinating Caesar, the celebration was short-lived. Mark Antony seized power and turned the public against them. In letters written during 44 BC, Cicero frequently complains that Rome was still subjected to tyranny, because the "Liberators" had failed to kill Antony. According to some accounts, Cassius had wanted to kill Antony at the same time as Caesar, but was dissuaded by Brutus.

Cassius's reputation in the East made it easy to amass an army from other governors in the area. By this point the Senate had split with Antony and cast its lot with Cassius, making him as governor of Syria. Cassius was now secure enough to march on Egypt, but on the formation of the triumvirate, Brutus requested his assistance. Cassius quickly joined Brutus in Smyrna with most of his army, leaving his nephew behind to govern Syria.

The conspirators decided to attack the triumviri’s allies in Asia. Cassius set upon and sacked Rhodes, while Brutus did the same to Lycia. They regrouped the following year in Sardis, where their armies proclaimed them 'emperor'. They crossed the Hellespont, marched through Thrace, and encamped near Philippi in Macedon. 

Octavian (later known as Augustus) and Mark Antony soon arrived. Cassius planned to starve them out, by using his superior position in the country. However, they were forced into a pair of battles by Antony, in the Battle of Philippi. Brutus was successful against Octavian, and took his camp. Cassius, however, was defeated and overrun by Antony. Cassius, unaware of Brutus' victory, committed suicide. He was mourned by Brutus as "the Last of the Romans". Brutus, like Octavian, was not an experienced military commander and, ten days later, Antony completed the victory. Brutus also committed suicide.

"Among that select band of philosophers who have managed to change the world," writes David Sedley, "it would be hard to find a pair with a higher public profile than Brutus and Cassius — brothers-in-law, fellow-assassins, and Shakespearian heroes," adding that "it may not even be widely known that they "were" philosophers".

Cassius converted to the school of thought founded by Epicurus. Arnaldo Momigliano called Cassius' conversion a "conspicuous date in the history of Roman Epicureanism," a choice made not to enjoy the pleasures of the Garden, but to provide a philosophical justification for assassinating a tyrant.

The inconsistencies between traditional Epicureanism and an active approach to securing freedom could not be resolved, and during the Empire, the philosophy of political opposition tended to be Stoic. This circumstance, Momigliano argues, helps explain why historians of the Imperial era found Cassius more difficult to understand than Brutus, and less admirable.

In Dante's "Inferno", Cassius is one of three people deemed sinful enough to be chewed in one of the three mouths of Satan, in the very center of Hell, for all eternity, as a punishment for killing Julius Caesar. The other two are Brutus, his fellow conspirator, and Judas Iscariot, the Biblical betrayer of Jesus Christ. (Canto XXXIV) In Shakespeare's play "Julius Caesar" he is depicted as a ruthless manipulator. Caesar says of him, "Yon Cassius has a lean and hungry look; He thinks too much: such men are dangerous". (I. ii. 190-195)

Braided river

A braided river is a network of small channels separated by islands that are often not fixed. In other words, the river channels wander across a flat area.

Braided rivers are found in places where the river carries a lot of sediment, and when it slows down and spreads out. The river delta of the Amazon River is a good example on a huge scale, and the Waimakariri River is a good example on a smaller scale.

Large braided river systems are found around the world:

All these regions contain young mountains that erode quickly.

Europe has three notably braided rivers: the Narew, in Poland and Belarus, the Tagliamento in northeastern Italy and the Vjosa River in Albania and Greece.


Marcus Junius Brutus

Marcus Junius Brutus (early June 85 BC – late October 42 BC), usually referred to as Brutus, was a politician of the late Roman Republic. He is best known for his leading role in the assassination of Julius Caesar.

Brutus' father was killed by Pompey the Great after he had taken part in the rebellion of Lepidus. His mother was the half-sister of Cato the Younger, and later became Julius Caesar's mistress. Some sources refer to the possibility of Caesar being his real father. His uncle adopted him in about 59 BC.

Brutus held his uncle in high regard. His political career began when he became an assistant to Cato, during his governorship of Cyprus. During this time, Brutus enriched himself by lending money at high rates of interest. He returned to Rome a rich man, where he married Claudia Pulchra. From his first appearance in the Senate, Brutus aligned with the Optimates. This was the conservative faction against the First Triumvirate of Marcus Licinius Crassus, Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus and Gaius Julius Caesar.

When civil war broke out in 49 BC between Pompey and Caesar, Brutus followed his old enemy and present leader of the Optimates, Pompey. When the Battle of Pharsalus began, Caesar ordered his officers to take him prisoner if he gave himself up voluntarily, and if he persisted in fighting against capture, to let him alone and do him no violence. 

After the disaster of the Battle of Pharsalus, Brutus wrote to Caesar with apologies and Caesar immediately forgave him. Caesar then accepted him into his inner circle and made him governor of Gaul when he left for Africa in pursuit of Cato and Scipio. In 45 BC, Caesar nominated Brutus to serve as urban praetor for the following year.

Also, in June 45 BC, Brutus divorced his wife and married his first cousin, Porcia Catonis, Cato's daughter. According to Cicero the marriage caused a semi-scandal as Brutus failed to state a valid reason for his divorce from Claudia, except that he wished to marry Porcia. The marriage also caused a rift between Brutus and his mother, who resented the affection Brutus had for Porcia.

Around this time, many senators began to fear Caesar's growing power after his appointment as Dictator for life. Brutus was persuaded into joining the conspiracy against Caesar. Eventually, Brutus decided to take action against Caesar. His wife was the only woman who knew about the plot.

The conspirators planned to kill Caesar on the Ides of March (March 15) that same year. On that day, Caesar was delayed going to the Senate because his wife tried to convince him not to go. The conspirators feared the plot had been found out. Brutus persisted, however, waiting for Caesar at the Senate, and allegedly still chose to remain even when a messenger brought him news that would otherwise have caused him to leave. When Caesar finally did come to the Senate, they attacked him. The conspirators attacked in such numbers that they even wounded one another. Brutus is said to have been wounded in the hand.

After the assassination, the Senate passed an amnesty on the assassins. This amnesty was proposed by Caesar's friend and co-consul Mark Antony. Nonetheless, uproar among the people caused Brutus and the conspirators to leave Rome. Brutus settled in Crete from 44 to 42 BC.

In 43 BC, after Octavian received his consulship from the Senate, one of his first actions was to have the people that had assassinated Julius Caesar declared murderers and enemies of the state. Cicero, angry at Octavian, wrote a letter to Brutus explaining that the forces of Octavian and Mark Antony were divided. Antony had laid siege to the province of Gaul, where he wanted the governorship. In response to this siege, Octavian rallied his troops and fought a series of battles in which Antony was defeated. Upon hearing that neither Antonius nor Octavian had an army big enough to defend Rome, Brutus rallied his troops, which totalled about 17 legions. 

When Octavian heard that Brutus was on his way to Rome, he made peace with Antony. Their armies, which together totaled about 19 legions, marched to meet Brutus and Cassius. The two sides met in two engagements known as the Battle of Philippi. The first was fought on 3 October 42 BC, in which Brutus defeated Octavian's forces. Cassius was defeated by Antony, and committed suicide, because he thought Brutus had also failed. 

The second engagement was fought on 23 October 42 BC and ended in Brutus' defeat. After the defeat, he fled into the nearby hills with only about four legions. Knowing his army had been defeated and that he would be captured, Brutus committed suicide. 

Antony, as a show of respect, ordered Brutus' body to be wrapped in his most expensive purple mantle, which was later stolen. Antony had the thief executed. Brutus was cremated, and his ashes were sent to his mother.


The well-known phrase "Et tu, Brute?" ("And you, Brutus?") is famous as Caesar's last utterance in Shakespeare's play "Julius Caesar". The reason for the remark was that Caesar had thought him a friend.

Khaled Hosseini

Khaled Hosseini is an writer who was born in Afghanistan but came to the United States when he was fifteen years old. He is best known for his first novel, "The Kite Runner", which was first published in 2003. His second novel was published in 2007. In 2013 "And the Mountains Echoed" was published.

Mohsin Hamid

Mohsin Hamid is a writer from Pakistan. He wrote some famous novels like "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" and "Moth Smoke". 

Police Camera Action!

Police Camera Action! is a documentary television show presented by Gethin Jones and previously presented by Adrian Simpson and Alastair Stewart. Its format is imposing sanctions on criminals who commit offences while filming them on camera in a documentary/reality TV fashion. It aired from 1994 to 2010. It is based and mainly aired in the United Kingdom.

Panchayati raj

The pachayati raj is a political system of decentralisation. It is mostly used in South Asia, in the countries India, Pakistan and Nepal. The idea behind it is to give power to local people.

Indian rupee

The Indian rupee () (sign: ; code: INR) is the official currency of the Republic of India. The currency is issued and controlled by the Reserve Bank of India. During the past 15 years, the value has ranged from $1 USD = 0.01 INR or 1 euro = 0.01 INR (see below: "Convertibility").

The modern rupee is sub-divided into 100 "paise" (singular "paisa"). The coins have values and of 5, 10, 20, 25 and 50 paise, as well as 1, 2, 5 and 10 rupees. The bank notes are available in values of 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 500 and 2000 rupees.

The Indian rupee symbol () is an amalgam of both the Devanagari consonant "र" (Ra). The design was presented to the public by the government of India on 15 July 2010.

The current abbreviation "INR" started in July 2010. Until then, the abbreviation "Rs" (or "Re") was used.

The word "rupee" originates from the Sanskrit word रौप्य(raupya) meaning "silver" or "made of silver". Many Indian languages use this root word, for example, రూపాయి (rūpāyi) in Telugu, ரூபாய் (rūbāi) in Tamil, रुपया (rupayā) in Hindi, રૂપિયો (rupiyo) in Gujarati, ರೂಪಾಯಿ (rūpāyi) in Kannada and Tulu, രൂപ (rūpā) in Malayalam and रुपये (rupaye) in Marathi.

However, in West Bengal, Tripura, Mizoram, Odisha, and Assam, the Indian rupee is officially known by names derived from the Sanskrit word टङ्क (Tanka) which means money. The rupee is called টাকা (Taka) in Bengali, টকা (tôka) in Assamese and ଟଙ୍କା (Tanka) in Odia and is written as such on Indian banknotes.

On March 5, 2009, the Government of India announced a contest to create a symbol for the rupee. During the 2010 Union budget of India, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee mentioned that the proposed symbol would reflect and capture the Indian ethos and culture. Five symbols were shortlisted, and the Cabinet selected the definitive symbol created by D. Udaya Kumar on July 15, 2010. The symbol is derived from a combination of the Devanagari letter ‘र’ and English letter ‘R’. The parallel lines at the top (with white space between them) make an allusion to the tricolor and also depict an equality sign which symbolizes the nation's desire to reduce economic disparity. The Indian government has plans to adopt the symbol within six months in the country and globally within 18 to 24 months. Before the adoption of the symbol, the most commonly used symbols for the rupee were Rs, Re or if the text was in an Indian language, then an appropriate abbreviation in that language.

In Indian English, values at or above a hundred thousand Indian rupees are counted in terms of lakhs (one lakh = hundred thousand) and crores (one crore = ten million). For example, the amount 3,25,84,729.25 is read as three crores, twenty-five lakhs, eighty-four thousand, seven hundred and twenty-nine rupees and twenty-five paise. The use of million or billion, as is standard in American or British English, is not very common.

India was one of the earliest issuers of coins (circa 6th century BC). The first "rupee" is believed to have been introduced by Sher Shah Suri (1486–1545), based on a ratio of 40 copper pieces (paisa) per rupee. Among the earliest issues of paper rupees were those by the "Bank of Hindustan" (1770–1832), the "General Bank of Bengal and Bihar" (1773–75, established by Warren Hastings) and the "Bengal Bank" (1784–91), amongst others. Until 1815, the Madras Presidency also issued a currency based on the fanam, with 12 fanams equal to the rupee.

Historically, the rupee, derived from the Sanskrit word raupya, which means "silver", was a silver coin. This had severe consequences in the nineteenth century, when the strongest economies in the world were on the gold standard. The discovery of vast quantities of silver in the U.S. and various European colonies resulted in a decline in the relative value of silver to gold. Suddenly the standard currency of India could not buy as much from the outside world. This event was known as "the fall of the rupee".

India was not affected by the imperial order-in-council of 1825 that attempted to introduce the British sterling coinage to the British colonies. British India at that time was controlled by the British East India Company. The silver rupee continued as the currency of India throughout the entire period of the British Raj and beyond. In 1835, British India set itself firmly upon a mono-metallic silver standard based on the rupee. His decision was influenced by a letter, written in the year 1805, by Lord Liverpool that extolled the virtues of mono-metallism.

Following the Indian Mutiny in 1857, the British government took direct control of British India. Since 1851, gold sovereigns were being produced in large numbers at the Royal Mint branch in Sydney, New South Wales. In the year 1864 in an attempt to make the British gold sovereign become the 'imperial coin', the treasuries in Bombay and Calcutta were instructed to receive gold sovereigns. These gold sovereigns however never left the vaults. As was realized in the previous decade in Canada and the next year in Hong Kong, existing habits are not easy to replace. And just as the British government had finally given up any hopes of replacing the rupee in India with the pound sterling, they simultaneously realized, and for the same reasons, that they could not easily replace the silver dollar in the Straits Settlements with the Indian rupee, as had been the desire of the British East India Company.

Since the great silver crisis of 1873, a growing number of nations had been adopting the gold standard. In 1898, following the recommendations of the Indian Currency Committee, British India officially adopted the gold exchange standard by pegging the rupee to the British pound sterling at a fixed value of 1 shilling 4 pence (i.e., 15 rupees = 1 pound). In 1920, the actual silver value of the rupee was increased in value to 2 shillings (10 rupees = 1 pound). In British East Africa at this time, the decision was made to replace the rupee with a florin. No such opportunity was, however, taken in British India.

In 1927, the peg was once more reduced, this time to 18 pence (13⅓ rupees = 1 pound). This peg was maintained until 1966, when the rupee was devalued and pegged to the U.S. dollar at a rate of 7.5 rupees = 1 dollar (at the time, the rupee became equal to 11.4 British pence). This peg lasted until the U.S. dollar devalued in 1971.

The Indian rupee replaced the Danish Indian rupee in 1845, the French Indian rupee in 1954 and the Portuguese Indian escudo in 1961. Following independence in 1947, the Indian rupee replaced all the currencies of the previously autonomous states. Some of these states had issued rupees equal to those issued by the British (such as the Travancore rupee). Other currencies included the Hyderabad rupee and the Kutch kori. The nominal values during British rule (and the first decade of independence) were:

In 1957, decimalisation occurred, and the rupee was divided into 100 "naye paise" (Hindi for "new paise"). In 1964, the initial "naye" was dropped. Many still refer to 25, 50 and 75 paise as 4, 8 and 12 annas, respectively, not unlike the usage of "bit" in American English for ⅛ dollar.
In East Africa, Arabia, and Mesopotamia, the Rupee and its related coins were current at various times. The usage of the Rupee in East Africa extended from Somalia in the north, to as far south as Natal. In Mozambique, the British India rupees were overstamped. In Kenya, the British East Africa Company minted the rupee and its fractions as well as pice. The rise in the price of silver, immediately after the First World War, caused the rupee to rise in value to two shillings sterling. In 1920 in British East Africa, the opportunity was then taken to introduce a new florin coin, hence bringing the currency into line with sterling. Shortly after that, the Florin was split into two East African shillings. This assimilation to sterling did not however happen in British India itself. In Somalia the Italian colonial authority minted 'rupia' to exactly the same standard, and called the pice 'besa'.

The Straits Settlements were originally an outlier of the British East India Company. The Spanish dollar had already taken hold in the Straits Settlements by the time the British arrived in the nineteenth century, however, the East India Company tried to introduce the rupee in its place. These attempts were resisted by the locals, and by 1867 when the British government took over direct control of the Straits Settlements from the East India Company, attempts to introduce the rupee were finally abandoned.

With Partition, the Pakistani rupee came into existence, initially using Indian coins and Indian currency notes simply overstamped with "Pakistan". In previous times, the Indian rupee was an official currency of other countries, including Aden, Oman, Kuwait, Bahrain, Qatar, the Trucial States, Kenya, Tanganyika, Uganda, the Seychelles, and Mauritius.

The Indian government introduced the Gulf rupee, also known as the Persian Gulf rupee (XPGR), as a replacement for the Indian rupee for circulation exclusively outside the country with the Reserve Bank of India [Amendment] Act, 1 May 1959. This creation of a separate currency was an attempt to reduce the strain put on India's foreign reserves by gold smuggling. After India devalued the rupee on 6 June 1966, those countries still using it – Oman, Qatar, and the Trucial States (which became the United Arab Emirates in 1971) – replaced the Gulf rupee with their own currencies. Kuwait and Bahrain had already done so in 1961 and 1965 respectively.

The Bhutanese ngultrum is pegged at par with the Indian rupee, and both currencies are accepted in Bhutan. The Indian rupee is also accepted in towns in Nepal which lie near the border with India. However, the Indian Rupee denominations of 500 and 1000 are banned in Nepal.

Officially, the Indian rupee has a market-set exchange rate. However, the RBI trades actively in the USD/INR currency market to impact effective exchange rates. Thus, the currency regime in place for the Indian rupee with respect to the US dollar is a "de facto" controlled exchange rate. This is sometimes called a "managed" float. Other rates such as the EUR/INR and INR/JPY have volatilities that are typical of floating exchange rates. It should be noted, however, that unlike China, successive administrations (through RBI, the central bank) have not followed a policy of "pegging" the INR to a specific foreign currency at a particular exchange rate. RBI intervention in currency markets is solely to deliver low "volatility" in the exchange rates, and not to take a "view" on the rate or direction of the Indian rupee in relation to other currencies.

Also affecting convertibility is a series of customs regulations restricting the import and export of rupees. Legally, foreign nationals are forbidden from importing or exporting rupees, while Indian nationals can import and export only up to 5000 rupees at a time, and the possession of 500 and 1000 rupee notes in Nepal is prohibited.

RBI also exercises a system of capital controls in addition to the intervention (through active trading) in the currency markets. On the current account, there are no currency conversion restrictions hindering buying or selling foreign exchange (though trade barriers do exist). On the capital account, foreign institutional investors have convertibility to bring money in and out of the country and buy securities (subject to certain quantitative restrictions). Local firms are able to take capital out of the country in order to expand globally. But local households are restricted in their ability to do global diversification. However, owing to an enormous expansion of the current account and the capital account, India is increasingly moving towards "de facto" full convertibility.

There is some confusion regarding the interchange of the currency with gold, but the system that India follows is that money cannot be exchanged for gold, in any circumstances or any situation. Money cannot be changed into gold by the RBI. This is because it will become difficult to handle it. India follows the same gold-interchange principle as Great Britain and America.




ISO 4217

ISO 4217 is the international standard describing three-letter codes (also known as the currency code) to define the names of currencies, as established by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). The ISO 4217 code list is the common way in banking and business, all over the world, for defining different currencies. In many countries, the codes for the more common currencies are so well-known, by the general public, that exchange rates written in newspapers or posted in banks use only those codes to define the different currencies, instead of translated currency names or currency symbols. ISO 4217 codes are used on airline tickets and international train tickets to remove any uncertainty about the price.

The first two letters of the code are the two letters of ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country codes (which are also used as the basis for national top-level domains on the Internet). The third letter is usually the initial of the currency itself. So Japan's currency code is JPY, "JP" for Japan and "Y" for yen. This eliminates the problem caused by the names "dollar, franc" and "pound" being used in dozens of different countries, each having significantly differing values. Also, if a currency is revalued, the currency code's last letter is changed to distinguish it from the old currency. In some cases, the third letter is the initial for "new" in that country's language, to distinguish it from an older currency that was revalued; the code sometimes outlasts the usage of the term "new" itself (for example, the code for the Mexican peso is MXN). Other changes can be seen, however; the Russian ruble, for example, changed from RUR to RUB, where the B comes from the third letter in the word "ruble".

There is also a three-digit code number assigned to each currency, in the same manner as there is also a three-digit code number assigned to each country as part of ISO 3166. This numeric code is usually the same as the ISO 3166-1 numeric code. For example, USD (United States dollar) has code 840 which is also the numeric code for the US (United States).

The standard also defines the relationship between the major currency unit and any minor currency unit. Often, the minor currency unit has a value that is 1/100 of the major unit, but 1/1000 is also common. Some currencies do not have any minor currency unit at all. In others, the major currency unit has so little value that the minor unit is no longer generally used (e.g. the Japanese "sen", 1/100th of a yen). This is indicated in the standard by the currency exponent. For example, USD has exponent 2, while JPY has exponent 0. Mauritania does not use a decimal division of units, setting 1 ouguiya (UM) = 5 khoums, and Madagascar has 1 ariary = 5 iraimbilanja.

ISO 4217 includes codes not only for currencies, but also for precious metals (gold, silver, palladium and platinum; by definition expressed per one troy ounce, as compared to "1 USD") and certain other entities used in international finance, e.g. Special Drawing Rights. There are also special codes allocated for testing purposes (XTS), and to indicate no currency transactions (XXX). These codes all begin with the letter "X". The precious metals use "X" plus the metal's chemical symbol; silver, for example, is XAG. ISO 3166 never assigns country codes beginning with "X", these codes being assigned for privately customized use only (reserved, never for official codes)—for instance, the ISO 3166-based NATO country codes (STANAG 1059, 9 edition) use "X" codes for imaginary exercise countries ranging from XXB for "Brownland" to XXR for "Redland", as well as for major commands such as XXE for SHAPE or XXS for SACLANT. Consequently, ISO 4217 can use "X" codes for non-country-specific currencies without risk of clashing with future country codes.

Supranational currencies, such as the East Caribbean dollar, the CFP franc, the CFA franc BEAC and the CFA franc BCEAO are normally also represented by codes beginning with an "X". The euro is represented by the code EUR (EU is included in the ISO 3166-1 reserved codes list to represent the European Union). The predecessor to the euro, the European Currency Unit (ECU), had the code XEU.

In 1973, the ISO Technical Committee 68 decided to develop codes for the representation of currencies and funds for use in any application of trade, commerce or banking. At the 17th session (February 1978) of the related UN/ECE Group of Experts agreed that the three-letter alphabetic codes for International Standard ISO 4217, "Codes for the representation of currencies and funds", would be suitable for use in international trade.

Over time, new currencies are created and old currencies are discontinued. Frequently, these changes are due to new governments (through war or a new constitution), treaties between countries standardizing on a currency, or revaluation of the currency due to excessive inflation. As a result, the list of codes must be updated from time to time. The ISO 4217 maintenance agency (MA), SIX Interbank Clearing, is responsible for maintaining the list of codes.

The following is a list of active codes of official ISO 4217 currency names.
The following is an active, unofficial code that emulates the ISO 4217 format.
The US dollar actually has three codes assigned: USD, USS (same day) and USN (next day). According to UN/CEFACT recommendation 9, paragraphs 8-9 ECE/TRADE/203, 1996, available online :

A number of territories are not included in ISO 4217, because their currencies are: (a) not "per se" an independent currency but a variant of another currency, (b) a legal tender only issued as commemorative banknotes and/or coinage, or (c) a currency of an unrecognized or partially recognized state. These currencies are:

The following non-ISO codes are, however, sometimes used commercially:

A number of currencies were official ISO 4217 currency codes and currency names until their replacement by the euro or other currencies.

Note that the currency names used below may not match the currency names used in the ISO standard itself, but the codes do match.


Calcium nitride

Calcium nitride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CaN. It contains calcium and nitride ions.

It is a red-brown solid. It reacts with water to make calcium hydroxide and ammonia. It reacts with hydrogen to make calcium hydride and calcium amide. 

It is made by burning calcium in nitrogen. It is also made when calcium burns in air.

It can be used as a source of the reactive nitride ion.


Uthman ibn Affan

Uthman ibn Affan () was a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, and third caliph in the succession of early leaders, who reigned from 644 to 656. Uthman belonged to a noble family of the Umayyads, branch of the Quraish in Makkah. Uthman was one of the very few who was literate. When he became older, he started a business in cloth, which made him very rich.

He was born in about the year 576 and was ruler for 12 years. During his time as ruler he conquered Khurasan and the regions of the west of the Arabian Peninsula. He also united the Muslim upon one uniform version of the Quran. He was well known for marrying two of Muhammad's daughters, Ruqayyah and Umm Kulthum, both at different times. For this, he became known as "Dhu al-Nurayn", the "Possessor of Two Lights". He participated in both immigrations, first to Ethiopia and then to Medina.

He was attacked while in his house, although he did not defend himself out of fear of further trouble. He was killed while reading the Qur'an by Sudaan ibn Hamran on Friday, June 17, 656. He died aged 79-80 years. 

Originating in the aftermath of Uthman's assassination in 656, the political Uthmaniyya (Arabic: عُثْمَانيَّة), or (party of Uthman) as they were called, asserted that Uthman's successor Ali () was an illegitimate caliph, as he was involved in the murder of Uthman and had not been elected by a (consultation), hence a new caliph had to be elected.

Calcium permanganate

Calcium permanganate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Ca(MnO). It contains calcium and permanganate ions.

Calcium permanganate is a dark purple solid. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It is similar to potassium permanganate. It can catch some organic chemicals like alcohol on fire. It can cause an explosion when mixed with sulfuric acid. This is because manganese(VII) oxide. 

It can be made by calcium oxide with manganese(IV) oxide and calcium nitrate. 

It might whiten teeth. It can be used as an oxidizing agent, although potassium permanganate is more common.


Calcium nitrate

Calcium nitrate, also known as Norwegian saltpeter, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Ca(NO). It contains calcium and nitrate ions.

Calcium nitrate is a colorless solid. It is an oxidizing agent. It absorbs water from the air. It decomposes to make nitrogen dioxide and calcium oxide when heated. 

Calcium nitrate is made by reacting calcium hydroxide or calcium carbonate with nitric acid. It is made when nitric acid reacts with calcium phosphate. It can be made by reacting ammonium nitrate and calcium hydroxide.

Calcium nitrate is used in fertilizers to add nitrogen to the soil. It can be complexed with urea to make a different nitrogen fertilizer.


Bray Wyatt

Windham Lawrence Rotunda (May 23, 1987 – August 24, 2023) was an American professional wrestler. He was known as the leader of a stable with Luke Harper and Erick Rowan known as The Wyatt Family. Daniel Bryan was also a member for a short time before turning against the stable.

He first wrestled in WWE from 2009 to 2011 where he competed under the name Husky Harris and was a part of the stable, The Nexus. He competed on the 2nd season of WWE NXT but was eliminated 5th. Rotunda stayed in WWE's developmental territory, Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), and made his debut as Bray Wyatt in FCW in April 2012. He stayed in FCW through its name change to NXT Wrestling (now WWE NXT), and returned to the main WWE roster in July 2013. The Wyatt Family quickly became some of the company's biggest heels ("bad guys").

On August 24, 2023, Rotunda died from a heart attack. He had been out with a private illness since Feburary which was later said to be COVID-19.




Terrestrial locomotion

Terrestrial locomotion has evolved as animals adapted from aquatic to terrestrial places. Movement on land makes different problems than that on water, with less friction instead being the effects of gravity.

There are three basic forms of movement found among land animals:

Movement on legs is the most common form of land movement. It is the simple form of movement of two big groups with many members, the vertebrates and the arthropods.

There are a number of land and amphibious limbless vertebrates and invertebrates. These animals, due to lack of legs, use their bodies to move. These movements are sometimes called to as "slithering" or "crawling".

Although animals have never have wheels for locomotion, some animals can move by rolling their whole body.

The fastest terrestrial animal is the cheetah, which can get speeds of about 104 km/h (64 mph).



Strong acid

In chemistry, a strong acid is an acid which ionizes (splits) completely in a solution of water. It always loses a proton (A H) when put in water. A weak acid does not always lose a proton, though; It can lose its proton, but not all the time. They also have a very low pH, usually between 1 and 3. Many strong acids have a negative pKa value, which means they are very strong.

The six common strong acids are: (Acronym:CBSPIN)

Almost strong acids include:

Hamilton, New Zealand

Hamilton is New Zealand's fourth largest city. In 2018, 160,911 people lived in the city. It is the largest inland city in New Zealand. It has an area of . The current mayor is Paula Southgate. She was elected as mayor of Hamilton in 2019.

Incubator (disambiguation)

Incubator may refer to:

Liu Xiaobo

Liu Xiaobo (28 December 1955 – 13 July 2017) was a Chinese intellectual, writer, human rights activist and a political prisoner in China.

He has been President of the Independent Chinese PEN Center since 2003. On 8 December 2008, police stopped Liu and held him because of his work with Charter 08. He was not actually arrested until 23 June 2009. The government accused him of encouraging people to turn against the state. He had a trial on 23 December 2009. On 25 December 2009, the court decided he must go to prison for eleven years. The court also took away his political rights for two years.

He won the Nobel Peace Prize on 8 October 2010, for "his long and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights in China." This was during the fourth time Liu was in prison.

He is the first Chinese person to win a Nobel Prize while living in China. He is also the third person to win the Nobel Peace Prize while in prison or detention. The others were Germany's Carl von Ossietzky in 1935 and Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi in 1991.

On 26 June 2017, he was granted medical parole after being diagnosed with terminal liver cancer. He died a few weeks later on 13 July 2017.

Liu was born in 1955 in Changchun, Jilin to an intellectual family. His father took him to the Inner Mongolia from 1969 to 1973 during the Down to the Countryside Movement. He worked in a village in Jilin province when he was 19 years old. He worked at a construction company after that.

In 1976, he studied at Jilin University and got a B.A. degree in literature in 1982. He earned an M.A. degree in 1984 from Beijing Normal University. Liu joined the faculty at Beijing Normal University after he graduated. He also received a Ph.D. degree there in 1988.

In the 1980s, his most important essays, "Critique on Choices - Dialogue with Le Zehou" and "Aesthetics and Human Freedom"' earned him fame in the academic field. The essay criticised a prominent Chinese thinker Li Zehou's philosophy.

Between 1988 and 1989, he was a visiting scholar at several universities outside of China, including Columbia University, the University of Oslo and the University of Hawaii.

During the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests he was in the United States but decided to go back to China to join the movement. He was later named as one of the "Four Junzis of Tiananman Square" by many Hong Kong- and Taiwan-based Chinese media.

Liu Xiaobo works to increase human rights. He has asked the Chinese government to be more open and honest about its actions. The Chinese government has brought him to police stations, arrested him, and sent him to prison many times for his peaceful political activities. The first time was for his actions in the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989. Organizations outside China have noticed Liu's human rights work and given him awards. In 2004, Reporters Without Borders honored Liu's human rights work, awarding him the Fondation de France Prize as a defender of press freedom.

In January 1991, Liu Xiaobo was convicted of "counter-revolutionary propaganda and incitement." However, the government did not give him any punishment as a criminal. In October 1996, he was ordered to serve three years of labour for "disturbing public order" by criticizing the Communist Party of China. In 2007, police took Liu for a short time and asked him about articles he had written. The articles were posted on websites hosted outside China.

Liu Xiaobo actively participated in the writing of Charter 08. Then, along with more than three hundred Chinese citizens, he signed "Charter 08". This was a manifesto, or statement of beliefs and principles. It was released on the 60th anniversary of the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (10 December 2008). They wrote it in the style of the Czechoslovak Charter 77 calling for greater freedom of expression, human rights, and free elections. As of May 2009, the Charter has collected over 8,600 signatures from Chinese of various walks of life.

Police took Liu Xiaobo away from his home late in the evening of 8 December 2008. This was two days before the official release of the Charter. Police also took away Zhang Zuhua at that time. He is another scholar who signed Charter 08. According to Zhang, the two men were taken by police because they thought Liu and Zhang were trying to get more people to sign the Charter. While Liu was kept alone in solitary confinement, he was not allowed to meet with his lawyer or family. He was allowed to eat lunch with his wife, Liu Xia, and two policemen on New Year's Day 2009. On 23 June 2009, an officer of the government in Beijing (the procuratorate) approved Liu Xiaobo's arrest on charges of "suspicion of inciting subversion of state power." This is a crime under Article 105 of the Law of the People's Republic of China. The Beijing Public Security Bureau (PSB) said in a press release that Liu had incited the subversion of state power and the overturn of the socialist system through methods such as spreading rumors and slander, using almost the exact words of Article 105. The Beijing PSB also said that Liu had "fully confessed."

On 1 December 2009, Beijing police transferred Liu's case to the procuratorate for investigation and processing; on 10 December, the procuratorate formally indicted Liu on charges of "inciting subversion of state power" and sent his lawyers, Shang Baojun and Ding Xikui, the indictment document. He was tried at Beijing No. 1 Intermediate Court on 23 December 2009. His wife was not permitted to watch the trial, but his brother-in-law was there. Diplomats from more than 12 countries – including the U.S., Britain, Canada, Sweden, Australia and New Zealand – were not allowed in the court. They could not watch the trial. Some diplomats stood outside the court during the whole trial. Gregory May, political officer at the U.S. Embassy, and Nicholas Weeks, first secretary of the Swedish Embassy were among the diplomats who waited outside.

On 25 December, Liu Xiaobo was sentenced to eleven years' imprisonment and two years' deprivation of political rights by the Beijing No. 2 Intermediate Court on charges of "inciting subversion of state power." According to Liu's family and counsel, he plans to fight this and ask for a new trial. The court said that Charter 08 was part of the evidence supporting his conviction.

Many individuals, states, and organizations around the world asked the Chinese government to release Liu. The Chinese government said no and told people outside China not to become involved.

On 11 December 2008, the United States Department of State called for Liu's release.
On 22 December 2008, an organization of scholars, writers, lawyers, and human rights workers wrote an open letter to ask the government to let Liu out of prison. On 21 January 2009, 300 international writers, including Salman Rushdie, Margaret Atwood, Ha Jin and Jung Chang, called for Liu's release in a statement put out through PEN. In March 2009 Liu Xiaobo was awarded with the Homo Homini Award by the One World Film Festival, organized by the People in Need foundation, for promoting freedom of speech, democratic principles and human rights.

In December 2009, the European Union and United States both officially asked the Chinese government to release of Liu Xiaobo without any special rules or conditions.

Before the court decision, China said that other nations should "respect China's judicial sovereignty and to not do things that will interfere in China's internal affairs."

Responding to the result in court, United Nations Human Rights Commissioner Navanethem Pillay expressed concern political rights in China becoming worse. German Chancellor Angela Merkel strongly criticized the verdict, stating "despite the great progress in other areas in the expression of views, I regret that the Chinese government still massively restricts press freedom." Canada and Switzerland also condemned the verdict. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou called on Beijing to "tolerate dissent". On 6 January 2010, former Czech president Václav Havel joined with other communist-era dissidents at the Chinese embassy in Prague to present a petition calling for Liu's release. On 22 January 2010, European Association for Chinese Studies sent an open letter to Hu Jintao on behalf of over 800 scholars from 36 countries calling for Liu's release.

On 18 January 2010, Liu was named by many people as a nominee (possible winner) of the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize. These included Václav Havel, the 14th Dalai Lama, André Glucksmann, Vartan Gregorian, and Desmond Tutu. China's Foreign Ministry spokesperson Ma Zhaoxu said that awarding the Nobel Peace Prize to Liu would be "totally wrong". Geir Lundestad, a secretary of the Nobel Committee, stated the award would not be influenced by Beijing's opposition. On 25 September 2010, "The New York Times" reported that a petition in support of the Nobel nomination was being circulated in China.

In September 2010 Václav Havel, Dana Němcová, and Václav Malý published an open letter in "The International Herald Tribune" calling for the award to be given to Liu. All three had been leaders of Czechoslovakia's Velvet Revolution. Soon after, people began signing a petition.

Freedom Now is a non-governmental organization and works as a lawyer for Liu Xiaobo outside China. On 6 October 2010, they publicly released a letter from 30 U.S. Members of Congress to President Barack Obama (the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize winner). This letter strongly asked President Obama to talk directly to Chinese President Hu Jintao at the G-20 Summit in November 2010. They wanted Obama to talk about Liu Xiaobo and another political prisoner named Gao Zhisheng .

On 8 October 2010 the Nobel Committee awarded Liu the Prize "for his long and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights in China". The Norwegian Nobel Committee president Thorbjørn Jagland said the choice of Liu as the recipient of the prize had become clear early on in the process. The Chinese foreign ministry had already warned the Nobel committee not to give Liu the prize. They said that it would be against Nobel principles.

All news about the announcement of the award was immediately censored in China. Foreign news broadcasters including CNN and the BBC were immediately blocked after mentioning the award in China. Web searches for Liu Xiabo were immediately deleted and no information can be searched about him in China. The Chinese Foreign Ministry issued a statement that said, "The Nobel Peace Prize is meant to award individuals who promote international harmony and friendship, peace and disarmament. Liu Xiaobo is a criminal who has been sentenced by Chinese judicial departments for violating Chinese law. Awarding the peace to Liu runs completely counter to the principle of the award and is also a desecration of the Peace Prize." The state-run Xinhua News Agency later carried a report saying that awarding Liu Xiaobo the prize “defiles” (亵渎) Alfred Nobel's purpose of creating this prize and "may harm China-Norway relations". The spokesperson added that Liu had broken Chinese law and his "actions run contrary to the purpose of the Nobel Peace Prize."

Many world leaders congratulated Liu for the award. These included Jose Manuel Barroso, President of the European Commission, The British Foreign Secretary William Hague, US President Barack Obama, and The Dalai Lama.

The Chinese Foreign Ministry called the Norwegian ambassador to the People's Republic of China to the ministry on 8 October 2010. The Chinese gave the ambassador an official complaint against awarding the Nobel Peace Prize to Liu Xiaobo. The Norwegian foreign minister replied that the Chinese government complaint was not needed because the group of people who decide the Nobel Prize is independent from the Norwegian government. However, the Norwegian Nobel Committee that gives the peace prize is appointed by the Norwegian parliament.



He is married to Liu Xia, who lives in the couple's apartment in Beijing.

In May 2017, Liu was diagnosed with terminal liver cancer. On 10 July 2017, Liu was listed in critical condition in hospital in Shenyang.

Liu died at a hospital in Shenyang, Liaoning, China on 13 July 2017 of multiple organ failure as a set of complications of the disease at the age of 61.



Beijing Normal University

Beijing Normal University is a public university in Beijing, China It is one of the most highly ranked universities in China, and focuses on teaching humanities and sciences. It was first opened in 1902, which makes it one of the oldest universities in China. Its nickname is Beishida.

Originally, it was called a "normal school" because it was only a school for teachers, and all teacher schools were named the same way. It was attached to the Imperial University of Peking. Later, it became a university on its own, teaching subjects other than education, but kept its name the same.




University of Oslo

The University of Oslo (, ) is the oldest and largest university in Norway. It is in the Norwegian capital, Oslo.

The university began in 1811 as The Royal Frederick University (in Norwegian "Det Kongelige Frederiks Universitet" and in Latin "Universitas Regia Fredericiana"). The university was modelled after the recently established University of Berlin, and originally named after King Frederick of Denmark and Norway. In 1939 it changed to the name it has now.

The university has faculties of (Lutheran) Theology, Law, Medicine, Humanities, Mathematics and Natural Sciences, Dentistry, Social Sciences, and Education. The Faculty of Law is still located at the old campus on Karl Johans gate, near the National Theatre, the Royal Palace, and the Parliament. Most of the other faculties are at a modern campus area called Blindern. The Faculty of Medicine is split between several university hospitals in the Oslo area.

In 2019, the university had 30,505 students and employed 6,595 people.

Central Region, Singapore

The Central Region of Singapore is also known as the south of Singapore. It is a place where most commercial buildings are in. The Istana is also found in this area.

When Sir Stamford Raffles first arrived in Singapore in 1819, he signed a treaty with Tengku Abdul Rahman (the local Sultan) and Tengku Hussein (the Temmengong which became Sultan since he was the elder brother). The Sultan and Temmengong were paid money for allowing the British to set up a port in Singapore.

The British were given the southern part of Singapore to develop. Therefore, it was also recognised as the Central Region of Singapore, or also called Central Business District.

The Central Region of Singapore starts from the harbour all the way to Bishan as the north, Queenstown as the west and Marine Parade as the east. In total, it takes up 13,150 hectares of land area.

The Southern Islands are also part of the Central Region of Singapore.



Tuas

Tuas is a region in the far west of the island of Singapore. It is reachable by the Mass rapid transit (MRT) of Singapore.

Tuas is mainly an industrial estate like Jurong and the Tuas checkpoint (called the Tuas Second Link) is found there.

Elland Road

Elland Road is a football stadium in Leeds, Beeston, West Yorkshire, England. It has been home to Premier League club Leeds United since the club's inception in 1919. The stadium is the 14th largest football stadium in England.

The venue has served as a neutral venue for the FA Cup semi-finals and England international fixtures. It has been selected as one of eight venues for the UEFA Euro 96 European Cups. It was used by Rugby Union club Hunslet in the mid-1980s. It hosted two matches of the 2015 Rugby World Cup.

It has four stands - Don Revie (North), Jack Charlton (East), Norman Hunter (South) and John Charles (West) - with a capacity of 37,792. 

The FA Cup fifth-round replay against Sunderland on 15 March 1967 set a record attendance of 57,892. This was before the stadium became an all-seater venue under the Taylor Report. This is the modern record for a Premier League game against Newcastle United on 22 December 2001 was 40,287. 

There are plans to increase its capacity to 50,000 by demolishing the West Stand and rebuilding the area. 

The stadium has hosted concerts by Queen, U2, Happy Mondays and the Kaiser Chiefs.

Orchard Road

Orchard Road is a street in the south of Singapore that has many shopping centres.

Orchard Road got its name from the nutmeg, pepper and fruit orchards that used to grow on both sides of the street. It only started to develop in the twentieth century.

Flash floods occurred at the road junction with Scotts Road on 16 June 2010 after 100mm of rain fell from 8 am to 11 am that morning. This was the worst flood at the junction since 1984. Shopping malls along Orchard Road like Lucky Plaza and Liat Towers were affected by the flood. The flood caused some shopping mall and underground car parks to be under the water. Rescuers had to pull out about 70 passengers from cars and buses, as flooding closed down Orchard Road, which is lined with high-end shopping malls and tourist attractions. No one was hurt.

Orchard Road has the Istana at the southern end of the road, which is the official house for the President of Singapore.

The first shop was Tangs which was founded in 1932 and got its shop at Orchard Road in the 1950s. Orchard Road also has many well-known restaurants, coffee chains, cafés, nightclubs and hotels.




There are three major MRT stations around Orchard Road. They are Orchard, Somerset and Dhoby Ghaut stations. These three stations are important places for commuters, locals, students and tourists who travel to the Orchard Road shopping and business district. Due to the construction of ION Orchard, the entrance of the Orchard entrance has been moved underground below the upcoming mall.

There are many bus services provided by SBS Transit and SMRT that go to Orchard Road. The major bus stops along Orchard Road are at:

Visitors can also travel to Orchard Road via taxi. There are taxi stands at Forum The Shopping Mall, all hotels, Lucky Plaza, Wisma Atria, Ngee Ann City, The Paragon, The Heeren Shops, Centrepoint Shopping Centre, next to Specialists' Shopping Centre and Plaza Singapura.

Visitors accessing Orchard Road by road usually enter from the west via Napier Road, before exiting Orchard Road at Bras Basah Road. Coming from the north, vehicles can enter via Bukit Timah Road and Scotts Road which leads into Orchard Road. From the south, vehicles can enter through Orchard Boulevard and Paterson Road.


NewsBank

NewsBank, Inc. is a worldwide information provider worldwide. It is a database of published documents. These documents include such items as newspapers, magazines, business journals, obituaries, and government documents. The documents are available online by the Internet. The service is available through many public libraries, colleges and universities, and government and military libraries.

NewsBank has content from more than 2,000 newspaper titles. NewsBank's Readex division offers digital editions of American historical collections to colleges and universities. Collections of historical and modern documents, publications and records to are available to Genealogists to research family histories.

Bonnie Wright

Bonnie Francesca Wright (born 17 February 1991) is an English actress. She is most known for playing "Ginny Weasley" in Harry Potter movies.

In 2012, Wright will start shooting her first leading role. It is a British nineteenth century period movie "In Want of a Wife". She will star opposite Emily Watson.

Wright graduated from London's University of the Arts: London College of Communication. She is the owner of her own production company called Bon Bon Lumiere.

 


William Calley

William Laws Calley (William Laws Calley, Jr.) (born June 8, 1943) is a convicted American war criminal. 

He was held responsible and found guilty of some of the killings of the My Lai massacre during the Vietnam War. Of the 26 officers and soldiers that were charged for their part in the My Lai Massacre or the cover-up, only Calley was convicted. He was sentenced to a life in prison, but that was changed to 20 years in prison, and later to 10 years in prison. He was put on house arrest instead. Calley only spent three years on house arrest, and was then released.

In 2009, Lieutenant Calley was speaking (at a Kiwanis Club in Georgia, USA) and said that (he feels remorse, and that) "There is not a day that goes by that I do not feel remorse for what happened that day in Mỹ Lai. I feel remorse for the Vietnamese who were killed, for their families, for the American soldiers involved and their families. I am very sorry."

Weak acid

A weak acid is an acid chemical which does not dissociate (split into ions) completely in water solution. This means it does not give all its hydrogen ions into the water. Weak acids typically have a pH between 3 and 6. 

Acetic acid (CHCOOH) and oxalic acid (HCO) are examples of weak acids. If an acid is represented by HA, then there is a balance between molecules which are split (ionised), and molecules which are not:

The relative strength of an acid can be expressed using K, the acid ionization constant. In general, the larger a K, the stronger the acid, while a smaller K indicates a relatively weaker acid. Weak acids will have a K value of less than 1, while strong acids will have a K value greater than 1.

Second Amendment to the United States Constitution

Created on December 15, 1791, the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution is the part of the United States Bill of Rights that establishes the right of citizens to possess firearms for lawful purposes. It says, "A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed."

During the time that America was being colonized by European countries, firearms were very important to colonists. When Europeans came to America, they brought with them the idea of land ownership by an individual. They received this right from their king through land grants. This was completely foreign to Native Americans who considered a particular territory belonged to the tribe. Colonists defended their claims against Native Americans and other Europeans whose kings may have granted them the same lands. They also needed firearms for hunting. In many towns and villages, men were required to own firearms for the defense of the community. Most colonists coming to America in the 17th century had no experience as soldiers. The British kept few soldiers in the colonies, and colonists soon found they needed to establish militias. 

Colonies had militia laws that required every able-bodied white man to be available for militia duty and to provide his own arms. In 1774 and 1775, the British government, which now had a larger presence, attempted to disarm American colonists. This caused the colonists to form private militias, independent of any control by the governors appointed by the British government. The Minutemen who fought the British Army at the Battles of Lexington and Concord were an independent militia. 

After the American Revolutionary War, the framers of the Constitution, like most Americans of the time, distrusted standing (permanent) armies and trusted militias. After the Revolutionary War, Americans trusted state militias to defend the country. The Articles of Confederation, the new nation's first constitution, called for each state to maintain a well-armed militia. Congress could call up the militias to defend the country against any foreign power. However, Congress could only form a standing army if nine of the thirteen states approved. This was one of the weaknesses that led to the Constitutional Convention of 1787 and a new constitution. 

In the 18th century, the word "army" meant mercenaries. Americans distrusted standing armies and were afraid they could be used to take over the country. People still remembered Oliver Cromwell and his military dictatorship in England. 

Virginia was one of the first colonies to adopt a state constitution. They included the words: "a well regulated Militia, composed of the body of the people, trained to arms, is the proper, natural, and safe defence of a free State." Other states followed with similar wording in their own constitutions. Pennsylvania declared: "the people have a right to bear arms for the defence of themselves and the state; and as standing armies in the time of peace are dangerous to liberty, they ought not to be kept up; And that the military should be kept under strict subordination to, and governed by, the civil power." 

In 1781 the Continental Congress approved the Articles of Confederation. This recognized that the thirteen original states had the power to govern themselves. They acted collectively to have a congress, but did not provide any money to run it. There was no president and no court system. This confederation of states proved to be a very poor form of central government.

The Constitutional Convention met in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from May 25 to September 17, 1787. The purpose of the Convention was to revise the Articles of Confederation. But it became clear that many of its members, including James Madison and Alexander Hamilton, wanted to create a new government rather than fix the existing one. The delegates elected George Washington to preside over the Convention. They eventually agreed on agreed on Madison's Virginia Plan and began to make changes. The result was the Constitution of the United States and the present form of government.

The constitution debate at Philadelphia caused two groups to form: the Federalists and the Anti-federalists. The federalists wanted a strong central government. The anti-federalists wanted the state governments to have more power. The vote on the new Constitution was passed on a promise by federalists to support a Bill of Rights to be added to the Constitution. 

Originally, Congress suggested 12 amendments to the states. However, the states only ratified ten. The Bill of Rights, as the first 10 amendments came to be called, originally applied to the national government rather than to states. Many states already had their own Bill of Rights. The Bill of Rights was ratified and went into effect in 1791.

The Second Amendment was a result of several proposals being combined and simplified into just 27 words. This simplification has caused many debates over gun ownership and individual rights. Historians, judges and others have repeatedly looked for the intended meaning by the 18th century writers of this amendment. Different interpretations of the Second Amendment still cause public debates about firearm regulations and gun control.

In 2007, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit heard a case called "Heller v. District of Columbia". At the time, it was illegal for regular Americans to have a gun in Washington, D.C. To decide whether this was against the Second Amendment, the court looked very closely at capitalization and punctuation in the Amendment to try to figure out exactly what the framers meant.

Judge Laurence H. Silberman wrote the Court's decision. It made the ban on guns by the District of Columbia invalid. The decision was based on the second comma (after the word "state") as proof that the Second Amendment allows individuals the right to carry a gun. This is in addition to state's rights to maintain militias.

The Second Amendment ratified by the States and approved by the Secretary of State, Thomas Jefferson, said:

The version passed by Congress and signed by President George Washington (but never ratified by the States) said:
On June 25, 2008, the Supreme Court agreed with the Court of Appeals' decision. (In the Supreme Court, the case was called "District of Columbia v. Heller".)



Cuscus

A Cuscus is a marsupial from Papua New Guinea. It has a pouch on its front where its baby begins to grow and develop in. The cuscus has thick white fur and a long tail, with a slightly pink tip. It uses its tail to help it climb through the trees.

Couscous

Couscous () – sometimes called kusksi or kseksu – is a traditional Amazigh (Berber) dish of small steamed granules of rolled semolina that is often served with vegetables and a stew spooned on top. Originating from North Africa, it is a staple food in the Maghrebi cuisines of Morocco and Algeria. Different types of couscous are also popular in countries such as Tunisia, Libya, Italy (where it is known as "Sicilian couscous"), Malta, Mauritania, and Brazil.

Couscous is not cooked, but rather steamed (over hot water), and is usually served as a main dish. Spices are indispensable, the most commonly used ones are Ras El Hanout, ginger, pepper and turmeric. These spices are added to the broth with chicken or red meat and vegetables. The stew should be plentiful because the couscous grain is dry, therefore absorbant.
Couscous can also be served cold. In this case, may be the base of a salad accompanied with seafood, or it may be used to make Tabouleh. Couscous can also be used for sweets, by adding milk, raisins, or almonds.

Couscous was introduced to Al-Andalus (the Muslim-ruled area of the Iberian Peninsula in Europe) in the 12th century by the Almohad Caliphate, and spread eastward very early on, including to Syria, Sudan, and Egypt. The dish also found its way into Italian cuisine, with some viewing it is a healthy alternative to pasta and rice. In modern day Trapani, Sicily, the dish is still made to the medieval recipe of 13th century Muslim-Andalucían scholar Ibn Razīn al-Tujībī. Ligurian families that moved from Tabarka to Sardinia brought the dish with them to Carloforte in the 18th century. In 2020, couscous was added to UNESCO's Intangible Cultural Heritage list.

Couscous originated in North Africa, also known as the Maghreb. It is believed couscous originated during the reign of Masinissa in the ancient kingdom of Numidia in present-day Algeria.

In Morocco, couscous is considered a national dish. Traditionally, wheat is bought at the local market and brought to the local mill to have granules ground into preferred degrees of fineness. Only then is it rolled by hand, followed by an addition of semolina seeds and cold salt water to moisten it. Flour is necessary to add to thicken the couscous. While couscous is often a dish that is served under meat or a vegetable stew, it can also be eaten alone flavored or plain, warm or cold, as a dessert or a side dish. In Morocco, it is prepared using a variety of other elements popular with children such as dried fruit, nuts, and cinnamon.

Algerian couscous is a traditional staple food in Algeria, and it plays an important role in Algerian culture and cuisine. It is commonly served with vegetables, meat, or fish. In Algeria, there are various types of couscous dishes.

In Tunisia, couscous is usually spicy, made with harissa sauce, and served commonly with vegetables and meat, including lamb, fish, seafood, beef, and sometimes (in southern regions) camel. Fish couscous is a Tunisian specialty and can also be made with octopus, squid or other seafood in a hot, red, spicy sauce. Couscous can also be served as a dessert. It is then called Masfuf. Masfuf can also contain raisins, grapes, or pomegranate seeds.

In Libya, couscous is mostly served with lamb (but sometimes camel meat or, rarely, beef) in Tripoli and the western parts of Libya, but not during official ceremonies or weddings. Another way to eat couscous is as a dessert; it is prepared with dates, sesame, and pure honey and is locally referred to as "maghrood".

Sicilian couscous is a type of couscous in Italy. It is used in food festivals in local regions all across Italy. Fish couscous is also typical of western Sicily. The best known couscous in Italy is the Trapani preparation, called in the local dialect cùscusu: couscous is steamed in a special enameled clay pot, with fish broth. In Italy, couscous is considered a healthy alternative to the much-beloved pasta and rice with a light texture and a mild flavor. It goes well in sweet desserts, hearty casseroles or mouth-watering appetizers.

In Malta, small round pasta slightly larger than typical couscous is known as "kusksu". It is commonly used in a dish of the same name, which includes broad beans (known in Maltese as "ful") and "ġbejniet", a local type of cheese.

In Mauritania, the couscous uses large wheat grains ("mabroum") and is darker than the yellow couscous of Morocco. It is cooked with lamb, beef, or camel meat together with vegetables, primarily onion, tomato, and carrots, then mixed with a sauce and served with ghee, locally known as "dhen".

In Brazil, couscous is a typical dish from the northeast of the country, which is part of the three meals of the day. It is commonly prepared with starch, wheat flour, corn, rice or cassava. In the southeast of the country, it is consumed with butter, eggs or meat. In the north, it is more common for couscous to be eaten for breakfast, made with coconut milk and accompanied by tapioca. In general, all types of side dishes are accepted. Other examples of foods eaten with couscous are fish, shrimp, and chicken.

Couscous is sold in most supermarkets across Europe and the United States and has been pre-steamed and dried; the package instructions usually mention adding 1.5 measures of "boiling" water or stock and butter to each measure of couscous and to cover tightly for five minutes. The couscous then swells and within a few minutes it is ready to fluff with a fork and serve. Pre-steamed couscous takes less time to prepare than regular couscous.


2010 Copiapó mining accident

The 2010 Copiapó mining accident was a mining accident that happened on August 5, 2010, when the copper-gold mine of San José, near Copiapó, Chile, collapsed. It left 33 miners trapped around 700 meters under the ground.

The Mine of San José (Mina San José) is about north of Copiapó, in the Region of Atacama. The miners were trapped at about deep and about from the entrance of the mine. The mine has had accidents in the past, including one death. A report from the Chilean Government from July 2010, said that the owners of the mine did not "reinforce the roof." The lack of reinforcement "led to an earlier collapse of the roof". There has been controversy over why the mine was not closed down earlier.

Some people, including lawyers representing the mining company, think that the owners of the mine will declare bankruptcy after the miners are rescued.

On October 13, 2010, Florencio Ávalos reached the surface. He was the first miner to be rescued.


Qualitative analysis

Qualitative analysis is a field of analytical chemistry. It uses chemical reactions to find out what an unknown chemical substance is. Qualitative chemistry is used in many jobs. It is very useful for testing for drugs and poisons.

Many reactions are used in qualitative chemistry. For example, fire can be used to learn what metals are in the compound. The scientist would know what metal was in an unknown compound by the color of the flame. 

Qualitative chemistry is in contrast with Quantitative chemistry. "Qualitative" refers to what is present, while "quantitative" refers to how much is present.

Fracture

Fracture might mean:

Cherkasy

Cherkasy (, transliterated: "Čerkasy") is a city in central Ukraine. It is the capital of the Cherkasy Oblast (province), as well as the administrative center of the surrounding Cherkasky Raion (district) within the oblast.

The city is cultural, educational and industrial center of Cherkasy Oblast and Central Economical Region of Ukraine. Cherkasy is famous since 13th century and played a great role in history of Ukraine. Cherkasy was the center of Cossacks, citizens took part in Khmelnychchyna and Koliyivschyna (cossacks and peasants rebellions).

The city is on the right bank of Dnieper River (specifically at the Kremenchuk Reservoir), about south of the nation's capital, Kyiv. The city is divided into 2 parts (raions) - Sosnivskiy (with Orshanets village) and Pridniprovskiy. The current population of Cherkasy is 285,526 (as of 2010).

Dnieper

The Dnieper River is one of the major rivers in Europe. It flows from Russia, through Belarus and Ukraine, to the Black Sea. It is fourth largest by length in Europe. Its total length is . is in Russia, is in Belarus, and is in Ukraine. Its basin covers . is in Ukraine. In antiquity, it was known to the Greeks as the Borysthenes.

The river is part of the Quagga mussel's native range.

Synod of Hippo

The Synod of Hippo was the synod of 393 that was held in Hippo Regius in northern Africa during the early Christian Church. Other synods were held in 394, 397, 401 and 426.

Some were attended by St. Augustine. The synod of 393 is best known for two things. First, for the first time a council of bishops listed and agreed a canon of Sacred Scripture that is the same as the modern Orthodox and Roman Catholic canon. The canon was later agreed at the Council of Carthage. 


State Electoral District

State Electoral District means an electorate in the Lower House or Legislative Assembly of Australian states and territories. Most state electoral districts (except Australian Capital Territory and Tasmania, which have multi-member electorates using a proportional voting method) send a single member to a state or territory's parliament using the preferential method of voting. The size of a state electoral district depends on the Electoral Acts in the state and vary in size between them. At present, there are 407 state electoral districts in Australia.

State electoral districts do not apply to the Upper House, or Legislative Council, in the states which have one (New South Wales, South Australia, Tasmania, Victoria and Western Australia). In New South Wales and South Australia, MLCs represent the entire state, in Tasmania they represent single-member districts, and in Victoria and Western Australia they represent a region formed by grouping electoral districts together.

There are three electorates for the Legislative Assembly, two with five members each, and one with seven members, making up seventeen members in total.

There are currently 93 electoral districts in New South Wales.

There are 25 single-member electoral divisions in the Northern Territory, and 13 former divisions.

There are 89 electoral districts in Queensland, for the Legislative Assembly of Queensland.

There are 47 single-member electoral districts in South Australia, for the South Australian House of Assembly.
There are 5 electoral divisions in Tasmania. 

There are 88 electoral districts in Victoria, for the Victorian Legislative Assembly.

There are 59 single-member electoral districts in Western Australia for the Western Australian Legislative Assembly. 42 are in the Perth metropolitan area and 17 are in the rest of the state.

First Amendment (disambiguation)

The First Amendment may mean any of the following:


Elephant gun

An elephant gun is a large caliber gun, which could be (but does not have to be) a rifle. Elephant guns were first made to be used by big-game hunters who were hunting elephants and other large animals.

As people from Europe began exploring Africa in the early 1800s, guns were made to handle the very large animals that people saw. This was for people to protect themselves, to shoot animals for food, and later, and most commonly, sport. The first guns were the simple shotgun designs already used for birds. They were loaded with solid balls of lead that could shoot large animals. Because they did not kill large animals very easily (some writers said that it could take up to 35 shots to kill one elephant), elephant guns were soon made into larger caliber black powder smoothbores. The caliber was still measured in bore or gauge - or the guns were named by how much the projectiles (what was shot out of the guns) weighed in ounces. The projectiles were lead round balls or short slugs shaped like cones. Sometimes, antimony was put in them to make them harder.

These very large and heavy firearms were the first to be known as the elephant guns of the black powder era (1850–1890). They were not only used to kill elephants. They were also used to kill dangerous animals such as the rhinoceros, the hippopotamus and the cape buffalo. Because black powder and lead cannot go faster than about - the only way to make the projectiles go deeper into the animals' skins was to make a larger gun. Although they were very powerful, the short slugs (a type of projectile), which did not go very fast, still had problems going fully into their targets. This was especially hard for the toughest shot of all - going through the bone when an elephant's head was shot around the brain area. 

Nitro Express elephant guns were first made around 1895. They used smokeless powder, which was new at the time. With smaller metal-cased bullets with sizes from .400 to .620 and speeds around , they had a much better trajectory and penetration over the black powder guns. In a few years the big bore guns disappeared from the gamefields. Early 20th century rifles came out in single shot, bolt action, and double rifle ways and were used until ivory hunting died off in the mid 20th century. Then the guns switched roles to tools for game wardens and as backup firearms for professional hunters guiding international hunters.

The American gun market made several famous dangerous gun cartridges around this time, such as the .458 Winchester Magnum, .378 Weatherby Magnum and .460 Weatherby Magnum. Many of these were 'wildcatted' (to modify an existing case and rifle to fire a different caliber bullet). The rest of the old Nitro express calibers faded to obscurity until people starting safari hunting in the 1970s and 1980s. Then elephant guns like the .416 Weatherby Magnum and the .416 Remington Magnum were made again. The .700 Nitro Express (made in the 1980's and 1990's) and the new brass manufacturers made even more powerful elephant guns such as the .585 Nyati by Ross Seyfried, .577 Tyrannosaur by Colonel Art Alphin and .585 Gehringer by Karl Gehringer to be made by wildcatters. The .600 Overkill made by Rob Garnick shows the biggest power that could come from a standard hunting action. Other wildcats based on the heavy machine gun .50 BMG and similar anti-materiel rounds have been devised which are much more powerful, though they are not generally useful hunting arms because they are heavier than .

All elephant guns have one idea in common: to have enough stopping power to prevent harm to the hunter in the case of charging game. The necessities for the gun are not only very high power (any big gun could do that), but that it can be carried for long periods, shot from any position, and be well balanced enough to track on rapidly moving animals. It is really no more than a very big hunting rifle with the same use as any hunting rifle.

During World War I, both the British and Germans used elephant guns taken from their African colonies when they tried to break the stalemate in the trenches. The British used elephant guns against the German tactic of having their snipers advance towards Allied lines under the cover of a large, 6-10 millimeter (0.24-0.4 inch) thick steel plate. Ordinary infantry rifles didn't do anything to the plate, but elephant guns were able to punch through it. Likewise, the Germans used a mass-produced anti-tank rifle, the Mauser 1918 TuF Gewehr, to knock out lightly armored British tanks.

During the North African Campaign in 1941, the Italians in East Africa fought against the British. The Commander - The Duke of Aosta - gave his personal collection of elephant guns to his Italian soldiers to shoot armored cars because they didn't have enough anti-tank guns.

The Finnish 20 mm antitank gun Lahti L-39 had the nickname "Norsupyssy" (Elephant Gun) during the Winter War because of its stopping power. It is not a true elephant gun, though, since it was not made for elephant hunting but as a military weapon.


Charter 08

Charter 08 is a manifesto (a public declaration of your beliefs) initially signed by over 350 Chinese intellectuals and human rights activists to promote political reform and democratization in the People's Republic of China. It was published on 10 December 2008, the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, using a similar name and style from the anti-Soviet Charter 77 issued by dissidents in Czechoslovakia. Since its release, more than 8,100 people inside and outside of China have signed the charter.

One of the authors of Charter '08, Liu Xiaobo, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2010. He died of liver cancer in July 2017 while under medical leave during his prison sentence.

Sedan, Ardennes

Sedan () is a commune in the Ardennes department and Grand Est region of north-eastern France. It is also the chief-lieu (administrative centre) of the arrondissement of the same name.

The old centre is on land within a curve of the Meuse River. It is about 10 km (6 miles) from Belgium, and about 200 km (120 miles) from Paris.

Sedan was built in 1424. In the sixteenth century Sedan was a safe place for Protestants escaping from the Wars of Religion.

Until 1651, the Principality of Sedan belonged to the La Tour d'Auvergne family. It was independent. The most famous member of the family, Marshal Turenne, was born at Sedan on 11 September 1611. With help from the Holy Roman Empire, Sedan defeated France at the Battle of La Marfée. Immediately after that it was surrounded, and its prince, Frederic, surrendered to France. Only a year after that, it became part of France in return for sparing Frederic's life after he was in a plot against France.

During the Franco-Prussian War, on 2 September 1870 the French emperor Napoleon III was taken prisoner with 100,000 of his soldiers at the Battle of Sedan.

Because of this major victory, which also made the "Second Reich" of Germany possible, 2 September was declared "Sedan Day" ("Sedantag") and a national German holiday in 1871. It remained a holiday until 1919.

In World War II the German army invaded neutral Belgium and crossed the Meuse River in Sedan. This allowed them to get past the French fortification system, called the Maginot Line.

Sedan Castle may be the biggest of its kind in Europe with a total area of 30,000 square metres on seven levels. Building started in 1424 and the castle's defences were improved over the years. It is the only part left of the huge fortifications that there were in Sedan and around Sedan.

Sedan was a centre of cloth production, which was started under Cardinal Mazarin. It supported the town until the late nineteenth century.

These people were born in Sedan:




KNVB Cup

The KNVB Cup () is a competition in the Netherlands organized by the Royal Dutch Football Association (KNVB) since 1899. It was based on the format of the English FA Cup. Outside of the Netherlands, it is often referred to as the Dutch Cup. The tournament consists of all teams from the top two leagues of Dutch football (the Eredivisie and Eerste Divisie), as well as the top four teams from each of the six third tier of Dutch football (Hoofdklasse), while the remaining teams are drawn from the fourth tier (Eerste Klasse). The finals of the tournament usually takes place in De Kuip, and has been held there every season since 1988. The winners of the cup compete against the winners of the Eredivisie for the Johan Cruijff Shield, which is the first game of the following season.

The competition was created during a board meeting of the Dutch National Football Association, in the Hague, on 19 January 1898. The tournament began the following season, 1898–1899. The first final was played on 9 May 1899 between RAP Amsterdam and HVV Den Haag. In 1946, the trophy was changed to one made out of silver, which was very rare in after World War II.

Like many national cup competitions, the name of the tournament has changed with sponsorship. From 1995, the competition went from being the KNVB Cup Tournament to being known as the Amstel Cup after the then sponsor Amstel. On 16 August 2005, the name was changed to the Gatorade Cup after the drinks company Gatorade. In 2006, the name returned to being the KNVB Cup Tournament with Gatorade remaining as the principal sponsor.

Up until 1998, the winner of the cup entered into the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, but with the abandonment of that tournament, the winner now goes into the UEFA Europa League. If the winning team has won the Eredivisie and thus entry into the UEFA Champions League, then the beaten KNVB Cup finalist will take the place in the UEFA Europa League.

In 1998, both teams in the KNVB final, Ajax and PSV, had won places into the Champions League. So a game was played between the beaten semi-finalists, SC Heerenveen and FC Twente, to determine who would take the Cup Winners' Cup place.


Tadeus Reichstein

Tadeusz Reichstein (20 July 1897 1 August 1996) was a Polish-born Swiss chemist, botanist and Nobel laureate. 

Reichstein was born into a Jewish family at Włocławek, Congress Poland, and spent his early childhood at Kiev, where his father was an engineer. He began his education at boarding-school in Jena, Germany.

In 1933, working in Zürich, Switzerland, Reichstein made vitamin C (ascorbic acid) in what is now called the Reichstein process. 

Reichstein, E.C. Kendall and P.S. Hench were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1950 for their discovery of cortisone.

He died in Basel, Switzerland. The main industrial process for the artificial creation of Vitamin C still bears his name. Reichstein was the longest-lived Nobel laureate at the time of his death, but was beaten in 2008 by Rita Levi-Montalcini.



Everglades National Park

Everglades National Park is an American national park that protects the southern twenty percent of the original Everglades in Florida. The park is the largest tropical wilderness in the United States and the largest wilderness of any kind east of the Mississippi River. An average of one million people visit the park each year. 

Everglades is the third-largest national park in the contiguous United States after Death Valley and Yellowstone. 

UNESCO declared the Everglades & Dry Tortugas Biosphere Reserve in 1976 and listed the park as a World Heritage Site in 1979.

Manú National Park

Manú National Park is a biosphere reserve in Peru.

Before becoming an area protected by the Peruvian government, the Manú National Park was conserved because it was inaccessible; that is, people could not get to it. The park is fairly inaccessible by road to this day. In 1977, UNESCO recognised it as a Biosphere Reserve and in 1987, it was named a World Heritage Site.

It is the largest National Park in Peru, covering an area of 15,328 km². The Biosphere Reserve includes an additional 2,570 km², and a further 914 km² are included in a "Cultural Zone" (which also given protection), bringing the total area up to 18,811 km².

The park protects several ecological zones ranging from as low as 150 metres above sea level in parts of the Amazon Basin, to Puna grassland at altitudes of 4200 metres. Because of this topographical range, it has one of highest levels of biodiversity of any park in the world.

Overall, more than 15,000 species of plants are found in Manú, and up to 250 varieties of trees have been found in a single hectare.

The reserve is visited by birdwatchers from all over the world, as it is home to over 1000 species of birds. This is over 10% of all living bird species, and more than the number of bird species found in the entirety of North America.

The Park has one of the most varied collections of land vertebrates ever found in Latin American tropical forests.

Plane Stupid

Plane Stupid is a non-violent environmentalist group in the United Kingdom. It is against making airports bigger.

Plane Stupid was started in 2005 by Joss Garman, Richard George and Graham Thompson.

Nissan Pathfinder

The Nissan Pathfinder is a midsize crossover SUV made by Nissan Motor Company. Its competitor was originally the Toyota 4Runner. It has been around since 1985 and has had five generations since then. It featured hidden rear door handles, a design feature that was later used by Alfa Romeo. The first generation was made from 1985 to 1995. The second generation was made from 1995 to 2004 and spawned an upscale version with the Infiniti QX4. The third generation was made from 2004 to 2012. The fourth generation is a midsize crossover SUV that allows seating for seven and was made from 2012 to 2020. The fifth generation launched in 2021 for the 2022 Model Year. 

Controlled drugs in the United Kingdom

In the United Kingdom, certain drugs are classified as controlled drugs. Controlled drugs are illegal to possess, use, or supply to others without a license. These drugs are governed under the Misuse of Drugs Act of 1971. This act defines three categories of controlled drugs: A, B, and C. The penalties for illegaly possessing, using or supplying a controlled drug are different depending on which category the drug belongs to. Many of these drugs are also governed by other laws, such as the Medicines Act. Also, there are many other drugs that are not controlled by the Misuse of Drugs Act but that are controlled by other laws.

In 2023 the Scottish National Party called for the UK government to decriminalise the possession of all drugs for personal use.

Class A drugs are drugs that are considered the most dangerous. They carry the harshest punishments. Class C drugs are those that are thought to be much less dangerous. They therefore carry much less serious punishments. More serious punishments are dealt if the person is considered to have had the intention to supply the drug to others. Possession with intent to supply carries a maximum penalty of life in prison.

The laws governing the use and supply of drugs for medical purposes are not part of the Misuse of Drugs Act. A different set of categories apply, which are defined in the Misuse of Drugs Regulations. This sets out five schedules, each with their own restrictions. These restrictions say that a person can possess and use certain drugs if they have the proper prescriptions for them. A prescriptions must be given by somebody who is licensed to provide it (e.g., a medical doctor). The drug itself must be supplied by somebody who is licensed to supply it (e.g., a pharmacy).

Lose Yourself

"Lose Yourself" is a hip hop song by American rapper Eminem. Eminem won an Academy Award in 2003 and a Grammy in 2004 for "Lose Yourself". It was performed live at the 2022 Super Bowl in Los Angeles and has had over 5,000,000 downloads in the United States alone. It is from and about his movie "8 Mile." It is Eminem's second-biggest hit to date.

Geomorphology

Geomorphology is the scientific study of landforms and the processes that shape them.

More broadly, it studies the evolution of the topography of a planet. Geomorphologists seek to understand why landscapes look the way they do, to understand landform history and dynamics, and to predict future changes. They use a combination of field observation, physical experiment, and numerical modeling. 

Geomorphology is part of geography, geology, geodesy, engineering geology and archaeology. This range of interests leads to a wide variety of research styles and interests in the field.

George Marshall

George Catlett Marshall (December 31, 1880 – October 16, 1959) was an American military leader. He was Chief of Staff of the Army, Secretary of State, and the third Secretary of Defense. Marshall served as the United States Army Chief of Staff during World War II. As Secretary of State, his name was given to the Marshall Plan. For this plan, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1953.

John Isner

John Robert Isner (born April 26, 1985) is an American professional tennis player from Greensboro, North Carolina. He is best known for his first round marathon match at Wimbledon in 2010 against Nicolas Mahut, where they played the longest ever tennis match, which lasted 11 hours and 5 minutes and was played over three days. 


Steve Keirn

Stephen Paul Keirn (born September 10, 1951) is an American retired professional wrestler.

Since the late 1980s, Keirn has run a school to train wrestlers. Originally located in Tampa, Florida, Keirn's "Professional Wrestling School of Hard Knocks" is now located in Brandon, Florida.

Jubilees

The book of Jubilees is an ancient book written in Hebrew. It is sometimes called the Lesser Genesis. It was known to early Christians and the Ethiopian Orthodox Church believes it to be a book of the Bible . 

Fuji Speedway

Fuji Speedway Corporation was established in 1963, as Japan NASCAR Corporation. At first, the circuit was planned to hold NASCAR-style races in Japan. The track was designed to be a high-banked superspeedway. There was not enough money to complete the project and only one of the banked turns was ever designed. Mitsubishi Estate Co. (a part of Mitsubishi) invested in the circuit. They took over the management rights in October 1965.

The track was converted to a road course. Fuji speedway opened in December 1965. The banked turn was somewhat dangerous, and caused several major accidents. According to Vic Elford "The reason that banking was so horrific, was that at the end of the straight we went over a blind crest at around 190/200 mph and "dropped into" the banking. At other tracks (Daytona, Monthlery, etc.) you climb up the banking."

A new part of track was built to fix the problem. The new course was more successful. In 1966, the track hosted a USAC Indy Car non-championship race, won by Jackie Stewart. The speedway brought the first Formula One race to Japan at the end of the season. Mario Andretti won the race, and James Hunt earned enough points to win the world championship title.

In Gilles Villeneuve was involved in a crash that killed two spectators on the side of the track. Formula One stopped racing at the speedway and Japan. When Japan was added back to the F1 schedule ten years later, it went to Suzuka instead. F1 didn't return to Fuji until .

Fuji remained a popular sports car racing venue. FIA World Sportscar Championship visited the track between 1982 and 1988. Fuji was often used for national races. Two chicanes were added to the track to slow down the speeds. Even with these changes, the main feature of the track remained its long straight, one of the longest in all of motorsports.

The long pit straight has also been used for drag racing. NHRA exhibitions were run in 1989. Local drag races are common on the circuit.

The track is still used for Japanese national races. In 2000 the majority of the shares of stock were bought by Toyota. Toyota was making plans for future motor racing.

In 2003 the circuit was closed to for a major reprofiling of the track. A new design from Hermann Tilke was used. The circuit reopened on 10 April 2005. It hosted its first Formula One championship event in 29 years on 30 September 2007. The race won by Lewis Hamilton.
The circuit hosts the NISMO Festival for historic Nissan racers. Toyota also hosts its own historic event a week before the NISMO called Toyota Motorsports Festival. Nearby is a drifting course, which was built as part of the refurbishment.

The only time the circuit is run on a reverse direction is during the D1 Grand Prix drifting round. The series has hosted its rounds since 2003, with the exception of the 2004 closure. The circuit became the first to take place on an international level racetrack and the first of the three to take place on an F1 circuit.

As part of the 2003 renovations, most of the old banked section of track was removed. Only a small section remains.

Following both poor ticket sales and bad weather it was decided by FOM that the Japanese Grand Prix would be shared between Fuji Speedway and Suzuka on alternate years. Suzuka would hold the next race on 4 October 2009. After the global recession and its own financial problems, Toyota decided to stop hosting of Japanese Grand Prix.

The Fuji circuit is known to fans of the arcade racing game Pole Position, as cars raced on the circuit.

Fuji is also featured in a number of video games including "Top Gear", several "Gran Turismo" games and "TOCA Race Driver".

The Fuji circuit is featured prominently in the Japanese television drama "Engine" as the main setting for the racing scenes. It is also the home of the (fictional) "Regulus Cup".


2010 US Open (tennis)

The 2010 US Open was a tennis event played on an outdoor hard courts, held between August 30 and September 13, 2010 at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows, Queens, New York City, United States.

The men's singles final was initially going to be played on September 12. Rain postponed the final till the following day. In the past two years the final was also pushed forward because of rain.

 Rafael Nadal beat Novak Djokovic, 6–4, 5–7, 6–4, 6–2

 Kim Clijsters beat Vera Zvonareva, 6–2, 6–1

 Bob Bryan / Mike Bryan beat Rohan Bopanna / Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi, 7–6(5), 7–6(4).

 Vania King / Yaroslava Shvedova beat Liezel Huber / Nadia Petrova, 2–6, 6–4, 7–6(4)

 Liezel Huber / Bob Bryan beat Květa Peschke / Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi, 6–4, 6–4.

 Jack Sock beat Denis Kudla, 3–6, 6–2, 6–2

 Daria Gavrilova beat Yulia Putintseva, 6–3, 6–2

 Duilio Beretta / Roberto Quiroz beat Oliver Golding / Jiří Veselý, 6–1, 7–5

 Tímea Babos / Sloane Stephens beat An-Sophie Mestach / Silvia Njirić, walkover

 Shingo Kunieda beat Nicolas Peifer, walkover

 Esther Vergeer beat Daniela Di Toro, 6–0, 6–0

 Maikel Scheffers / Ronald Vink beat Nicolas Peifer / Jon Rydberg, 6–0, 6–0

 Esther Vergeer / Sharon Walraven beat Daniela Di Toro / Aniek van Koot, 6–3, 6–3

 David Wagner beat Peter Norfolk, 6–0, 2–6, 6–3

 Nick Taylor / David Wagner beat Johan Andersson / Peter Norfolk, 7–5, 7–6(4)
Before the 2010 US Open began a series of qualifying matches were held for players who were not able to automatically enter the main draws.




The following player received the lucky loser spot:


The following player received the lucky loser spot:


2010 US Open – Men's Singles Qualifying

The 2010 US Open Men's Singles Qualifying stage was a pre-tournament, played by competitors who were not automatically qualified for the main draw.



Christianity and alcohol

Christianity and its beliefs about alcohol have changed since Christianity was started about 2,000 years ago.

Wine has always been important in Christianity. Christians believe that Jesus turned water into wine at a wedding where there was not enough to drink (see the picture at the right).

The Bible says that wine was also important at the Last Supper - the last time Jesus ate with his disciples before he was arrested. The Bible's Gospel of Matthew 26:27 says that Jesus held up a cup of wine and told all of his disciples:

""Take this [cup] all of you and drink from it. This is the cup of my blood ... My blood will be shed for you and for all so that sins may be forgiven.""

Since that time, Roman Catholic church services have always included something called the Eucharist (also called "Holy Communion"). A priest holds up a cup of wine and says a prayer. At that point, Catholics believe the wine is turned into Jesus's blood. They believe drinking the wine is a way of remembering that Jesus was willing to die so their sins would be forgiven.

In the first 1,800 years of church history, Christians often enjoyed alcoholic drinks as a part of their everyday life. At church, during the Eucharist, they almost always used wine.

Early Christians believed the Bible and Christian tradition both said alcohol is a gift from God. They taught that this gift made life happier, but that drinking too much alcohol and becoming drunk was a sin.

In the early 1500s, the Protestant Church split off from the Roman Catholic Church. Over time, these two Christian churches started to believe some different things.

By the mid-1800s, some Protestant Christians moved away from the traditional belief that drinking a moderate (small) amount of wine was not bad. (This belief was sometimes called "moderationism"). Some Protestants decided that not drinking wine at all was wisest (this was called "abstentionism"). Others decided that drinking any alcohol was sinful (this was called "prohibitionism").

Today, there are many different types of Christianity, with many different beliefs. Most people still believe in the traditional position: that drinking some wine is all right, just not too much. Most Christians' opinions about alcohol depend on how they understand what the Bible says about it.

The Bible often mentions alcoholic drinks. Sometimes it talks about real wine. Other times, it uses the word "wine" to mean something else. The Bible says that alcohol is a blessing from God that makes people happy, but it can also be dangerously and sinfully used.

The Bible uses a few different words for alcoholic drinks. Though prohibitionists and some abstentionists disagree, most people agree that the words were usually meant to be about intoxicating drinks (drinks that can make a person drunk).

Wine was an important and common drink in Biblical times. Because of this, the Bible sometimes uses wine as a symbol to teach about good and bad. Some parts of the Bible use wine as a symbol for good things, like abundance and health. However, the Bible also calls wine a mocker and beer a brawler (a person who fights too much). Other parts of the Bible use drinking a cup of strong wine and getting drunk as a symbol of God's anger.

City of Dunedin Choir

The City of Dunedin Choir a community choir in a city called Dunedin which is in the South Island of New Zealand. It has people from all age groups: some are old, some are young. They are all from the Dunedin area. The choir sings large classical choral pieces of music. The choir has about 140 members at the moment.

The choir sings many types of music, including music from these periods: Baroque, Classical and Romantic orchestral works, and also modern New Zealand choral music. The Choir usually sings in about four or five concerts a year, often performing with an orchestra called Southern Sinfonia. Choir practice is held every week in the Crypt of St Paul's Cathedral on the Octagon in the middle of Dunedin.

The music in the City of Dunedin Choir's recent concerts include:

Schubert: Mass in A Flat;
Orff: Carmina Burmana;
Elgar: Dream of Gerontius;
Bach: A Christmas Oratorio;
Ralph Vaughan Williams: Serenade to Music;
Handel: The King Shall Rejoice;
Purcell: Come ye Sons of Art;
Mendelssohn: As the Hart Pants;
Handel: My Heart is Inditing;
Haydn: Nelson Mass;
Handel: Messiah;
Bach: St. John Passion;
Faure: Cantique de Jean Racine;
Faure: Requiem and
Alexander Estrange: Zimbe!

Upcoming City of Dunedin Choir Concerts include a performance of 'Saint Nicolas' by Benjamin Britten.

The City of Dunedin Choir has been making audiences enjoy themselves around the region for nearly 150 years. The choir used to be two choirs, the Musical Union and the Choral Society, which were both made in 1863 and they joined together the following year with George West as conductor.

The name of the choir became Dunedin Choral Society Incorporated a few years later. The society stopped existing in 1888 but started existing with the same name as before in 1897 with James Coombs as conductor. It changed its name to Schola Cantorum in 1967, after joining together with the University Union Choir, and then it changed its name to City of Dunedin Choir in 1993, the year it had existed for 130 years. However, through all these "trading name" changes, the official name remains Dunedin Choral Society Incorporated.

Vice-Regal Patronage

The Choir's immediate past Patron was the Hon. Dame Silvia Cartwright. The choir's archives, which are at the Hocken Library, say that, Mr H.S. Chapman, Supreme Court Judge, was Patron in 1878 and Governor, the Earl of Ranfurly, was Patron in 1898. They also say that Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor from 1879 to 1880, attended several concerts during his time as Governor, but he was not a patron.

The archives of the City of Dunedin Choir are in the Hocken Library, Anzac Avenue, Dunedin, New Zealand.

The Choir has recently been listed on SOUNZ (http://sounz.org.nz), a submission process which includes details of the Choir's performances of works by New Zealand composers. Only 13 other choirs are listed on SOunz


Gisborne, New Zealand

Gisborne is a city on the East Coast of New Zealand's North Island. Gisborne is known as "the first city in the world to see the sun". This is because it is the first major city on the side of the International Date Line that sees the new day first.

Changi

Changi is a place in the east of Singapore. It has Changi Airport, Singapore Expo, Changi Air Base and Changi Naval Base.

Singapore had its international airport at Kallang and Paya Lebar. But it expanded so rapidly that the Singapore government worried about having not enough space for airport to grow bigger. There were many proposals for a new location and the Singapore government chose Changi in the end.

There are also other places in Changi, for example the Changi Prison, which had the Japanese Prisoner-of-war (POW) camps. These camps had the Allied powers prisoners staying there.

There is also the Changi Air Base, Changi Naval Base, Changi Point Ferry Terminal and Changi Ferry Terminal.

Southern Islands

The Southern Islands of Singapore is a group of islands at the south of Singapore. It features famous islands like Sentosa"(pictured)", the Sisters Islands and Kusu Island.

The Singapore Tourism Board has spent close to S$300 million and took about 15 years to develop the southern islands of Singapore. This whole project is to bring gas, water, electricity and telecommunication supplies to the southern islands.

Coupe de la Ligue

The Coupe de la Ligue is a French football competition. It is organized by the Ligue de Football Professionnel. It was established in 1994. Its current champion is Olympique de Marseille.

Wrought iron

Wrought iron is a type of iron. It has very little carbon in it. Most steels have much more carbon. It also has some slag in it. This gives it a fibrous look similar to how wood looks. It is tough, malleable, ductile, and can be welded easily. It was most common in the old days when cast iron was the only other type of iron. Now mild steel is used instead. If it contains too much sulfur, it becomes very brittle when heated. Wrought iron has a rough surface that can hold paint and zinc for galvanization much more easily.

Wrought iron was one of the most common types of iron in the medieval times. Its popularity has declined. It is needed to make historical items look historical.


Slag

Slag is a liquid residue from making iron. It consists of calcium silicate. The silicon dioxide in iron has to be taken away. The calcium oxide reacts with the silicon dioxide solid to make liquid calcium silicate, which is lighter than iron. It is drained out of the blast furnace. Slag can be used to make concrete. Air can be blown through molten slag to make a fluffy insulation made mineral wool.

Concrete made with blast furnace slag is almost pure white compared to ordinary concrete which is greyish.


2010 US Open – Women's Singles Qualifying

The 2010 US Open Women's Singles Qualifying stage was a pre-tournament, played by competitors who were not automatically qualified for the main draw.



2010 US Open – Boys' Singles Qualifying

The 2010 US Open Boys' Singles Qualifying stage was a pre-tournament, played by competitors who were not automatically qualified for the main draw.



2010 US Open – Girls' Singles Qualifying

The 2010 US Open Girls' Singles Qualifying stage was a pre-tournament, played by competitors who were not automatically qualified for the main draw.



2010 US Open – Men's Singles

Juan Martín del Potro was the defending champion, but chose not to compete this year, after a wrist operation in May and only starting to practice again in August.

Rafael Nadal defeated Novak Djokovic 6–4, 5–7, 6–4, 6–2 to win his first US Open title. It was his ninth career major and Nadal completed the Career Golden Slam with the win. Nadal became the first player since Rod Laver in 1969 to win the French Open, Wimbledon, and the US Open all in the same calendar year. 


2010 US Open – Women's Singles

Kim Clijsters was the defending champion, and successfully defended her 2009 title, after she won 6–2, 6–1, against Vera Zvonareva in the final.



2010 US Open – Men's Doubles

Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to Martin Damm and Filip Polášek 6–7(7), 6–3, 6–4.

Bob and Mike Bryan won in the final 7–6(5), 7–6(4), against Rohan Bopanna and Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi.


2010 US Open – Women's Doubles

Serena Williams and her sister Venus Williams were the defending champions, but as a result of a foot injury Serena withdrew from the competition.
Vania King and Yaroslava Shvedova defeated Liezel Huber and Nadia Petrova, 2–6, 6–4, 7–6(4) in the final.



2010 US Open – Mixed Doubles

Carly Gullickson and Travis Parrott were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to Gisela Dulko and Pablo Cuevas 2–6, 4–6.

Liezel Huber and Bob Bryan won in the final 6–4, 6–4, against Květa Peschke and Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi.



Brigadier general

Brigadier general is a rank in the army. He is normally in command of a brigade, about 3,000 men. It is between the rank of major general and colonel. In the United States, brigadier general is also a rank in the Air Force and Marines and is also called O-7. Brigadier in the British Army is OF-6, and also in NATO. The difference is that NATO classes both first and second lieutenants as OF-1.

Harry Belafonte

Harold George "Harry" Belafonte Jr. (originally Belafonete or Bellanfanti; March 1, 1927 – April 25, 2023) was an American singer, actor, and activist. His father was from Martinique; his mother was of Jamaican descent. He was a very successful pop singer. Some call him the "King of Calypso," because he popularized this Caribbean musical style in the 1950s. Belafonte is well known for singing the "Banana Boat Song", with the words ""Day-O"." 

He worked for civil rights and humanitarian causes. He criticized the policies of George W. Bush. He endorsed Barack Obama for President of the United States in 2008 and Bernie Sanders for president in 2016.

Belafonte died from congestive heart failure on April 25, 2023 at his home on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, at the age of 96.





Hamilton Smith

Hamilton Othanel Smith (born August 23, 1931) is an American microbiologist and a Nobel prize winner. He was jointly awarded the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. He is a leader in the field of genomics.

Hamilton Smith was, with Craig Venter, a leader in the Celera corporation's bid to analyse and sell information about the human genome. The basic idea was to find ways to make DNA sequencing cheaper so that everyone could have their DNA analysed. Then the information could be used for medical purposes.

Smith's award was for the discovery of restriction enzymes. These are enzymes that cut DNA at specific places. Such enzymes, found in bacteria and archaea, probably evolved to provide a defense mechanism against invading viruses. Inside a bacterial host, the restriction enzymes selectively cut up "foreign" DNA. Host DNA is modified so it does not get cut up. Together, these two processes are called the restriction modification system. To cut the DNA, a restriction enzyme makes two cuts, once through each sugar-phosphate backbone (i.e. each strand) of the DNA double helix.

Macaroni and cheese

Macaroni and cheese, also known as mac and cheese, macaroni cheese, or macaroni pie, is a dish of macaroni that is covered in a cheese sauce. It can be bought packaged. It is a common food for children in the U.S. It was introduced in America by Thomas Jefferson in 1803. It originated in Italy and originally was a high-class food.


Cordell Hull

Cordell Hull (October 2, 1871 – July 23, 1955) was an American politician from Tennessee. He was the Secretary of State for 11 years. He received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1945 for helping make the United Nations.

He was a lawyer in his younger years, and an Army officer in the Spanish–American War. He was a US Representative for over 20 years. He later was appointed to the Democratic National Committee. He then became a US Senator, but resigned because he was appointed Secretary of State. As Secretary he promoted a "good neighbor" policy towards Latin America and help for China in its war against Japan. He resigned from the secretary position when his health failed. He died in 1955 from heart attacks and strokes.

Penalty (ice hockey)

A penalty in ice hockey is a punishment when a player breaks rules during a game. A referee or a game official will decide the penalty. Normally it is done by placing the person in a penalty box for a certain amount of time. After that the player can go back into the game. There are several types of penalties. Some are more serious and some are less.

2010 US Open – Boys' Singles

The Boys' Singles tournament of the 2010 US Open started on Sunday September 5th, the seventh day of the main tournament.

Bernard Tomic was the defending champion, but was no longer eligible to compete as a Junior this year.

Jack Sock, who received wildcard into the singles main draw, won this tournament, after defeating Denis Kudla in the final.



The following player received the lucky loser spot:

Peter Scott

Sir Peter Markham Scott (London, 14 September 1909 – Bristol, 29 August 1989) was a British ornithologist, conservationist, painter, Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve officer and sportsman.

Scott was knighted in 1973 for his contribution to the conservation of wild animals. He had been a founder of the World Wildlife Fund (WWF), a founder of several wetlands bird sactuaries in Britain, and an influence on international conservation. He received the WWF Gold Medal, and the J. Paul Getty Prize for his work.

Scott was born in London, the only child of Antarctic explorer Robert Falcon Scott ("Scott of the Antarctic") and sculptor Kathleen Bruce. He was two years old when his father died. Robert Scott, in a last letter to his wife, advised her to "make the boy interested in natural history if you can; it is better than games".

He was educated at Oundle School and Trinity College, Cambridge, at first taking Natural Sciences but graduating in the History of Art in 1931. After graduating, he studied art in Germany and London.

He had his first exhibition in London in 1933, and sold his first paintings. In 1935 he published "Morning Flight", illustrated by himself. As a young man, Scott was not wealthy, and the income from his paintings was the basis of his life. The paintings themselves sold well, but most of the income came from books and reproductions. The reproductions, which were printed by Ankermann of Bond Street, are still selling well. From this 'income stream' Scott was able to keep a family, and buy some of the land he wanted for wildfowl refuges.

In the 1936 Berlin Olympic Games, he represented Great Britain at sailing, winning a bronze medal in the smallest class of boat, the O-Jolle or dinghy.

As war approached, in 1939, he joined the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve. In 1940 he was a in a Destroyer as a Lieutenant. After joining Coastal Forces he rose to Lieutenant-Commander and commanded a flotilla of Motor Gun Boats in the Channel. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross with bar and an MBE (Military Division). In 1944 he was a Staff Officer and in March 1945 he was appointed Captain of the brand new Frigate HMS 'Cardigan Bay'.

In 1948, he founded the organisation with which he was ever afterwards closely associated, the Severn Wildfowl Trust (now the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust) with its headquarters at Slimbridge in Gloucestershire.

In the years that followed, he became a television personality, popularising the study of wildfowl and wetlands. His BBC natural history series, "Look", ran from 1955 to 1981 and made him a household name. From 1973 to 1983, Scott was Chancellor of the University of Birmingham.

He was the founder President of the Society of Wildlife Artists and President of the Nature in Art Trust, (a role in which Philippa succeeded him).

2010 US Open – Girls' Singles

Heather Watson was the defending champion, but was no longer eligible to compete as a Junior that year.

Daria Gavrilova won this event, after beating her compatriot Yulia Putintseva 6–3, 6–2 in the final.



The following player received the lucky loser spot:

2010 US Open – Boys' Doubles

Márton Fucsovics and Hsieh Cheng-peng were the defending champions, but Hsieh did not enter the junior competition this year. Fucsovics played alongside Máté Zsiga, but the team lost to Guilherme Clézar and Tiago Fernandes in the second round.

Duilio Beretta and Roberto Quiroz defeated Oliver Golding and Jiří Veselý 6–1, 7–5 in the final.


2010 US Open – Girls' Doubles

Valeria Solovieva and Maryna Zanevska were the defending champions but did not enter the junior competition this year.

Tímea Babos and Sloane Stephens won the title, after their opponents - An-Sophie Mestach and Silvia Njirić withdrew before the final match.



2010 US Open – Wheelchair Men's Singles

Shingo Kunieda, defended his 2009 title after Nicolas Peifer withdrew from the final.



2010 US Open – Wheelchair Women's Singles

Esther Vergeer, defended her 2009 title, after a win against Daniela Di Toro 6–0, 6–0 in the final.



2010 US Open – Wheelchair Men's Doubles

Stéphane Houdet and Stefan Olsson were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to eventual champions Maikel Scheffers and Ronald Vink.

Maikel Scheffers and Ronald Vink won this event, after won 6–0, 6–0, against Nicolas Peifer and Jon Rydberg in the final.



2010 US Open – Wheelchair Women's Doubles

Korie Homan and Esther Vergeer were the defending champions, only Vergeer competed in the event.

Esther Vergeer and Sharon Walraven won this tournament, after they won in the final 6–3, 6–3, against Daniela Di Toro and Aniek van Koot.



2010 US Open – Wheelchair Quad Singles

Peter Norfolk is the defending champion, but he lost in the final 6–0, 2–6, 6–3, against David Wagner.

"Standings are determined by:"

2010 US Open – Wheelchair Quad Doubles

Nick Taylor and David Wagner defended their 2009 title, after they won 7–5, 7–6(4), against Johan Andersson and Peter Norfolk in the final.


2009 US Open – Men's Singles

Roger Federer was the defending champion, but was defeated by Juan Martín del Potro in the final, 6–3, 6–7(5), 6–4, 6–7(4), 2–6.


2009 US Open – Women's Singles

Kim Clijsters defeated Caroline Wozniacki in the final 7–5, 6–3. Serena Williams, the defending champion, lost to Clijsters in the semifinals.



2009 US Open – Men's Doubles

Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions, but lost in the semifinals against Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes.

Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes won in the final 3–6, 6–3, 6–2 against Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles.



2009 US Open – Women's Doubles

Cara Black and Liezel Huber were the defending champions, but Serena Williams and Venus Williams defeated them in the final 6–2, 6–2.



2009 US Open – Mixed Doubles

Carly Gullickson and Travis Parrott won in the final, 6–2, 6–4, against defending champions, Cara Black and Leander Paes.



2009 US Open – Boys' Singles

Bernard Tomic won in the final 6-1, 6-3 against Chase Buchanan.



2009 US Open – Girls' Singles

Heather Watson won in the final 6–4, 6–1 against Yana Buchina.



2009 US Open – Boys' Doubles

Marton Fucsovics and Cheng Peng Hsieh won in the finals 7-6(5), 5-7, [10-1] against Julien Obry and Adrien Puget.



2009 US Open – Girls' Doubles

Lertcheewakarn partnered with Elena Bogdan, but Valeria Solovieva and Maryna Zanevska defeated them in the final 1-6, 6-3 [10-7].



2009 US Open – Wheelchair Men's Singles

Shingo Kunieda won in the final 6-0, 6-0 against Maikel Scheffers



2009 US Open – Wheelchair Women's Singles

Esther Vergeer won in the final 6-0, 6-0 against Korie Homan.


2009 US Open – Wheelchair Men's Doubles

Stephane Houdet and Stefan Olsson won in the final 6–4, 4–6, 6–4 against Maikel Scheffers and Ronald Vink.


2009 US Open – Wheelchair Women's Doubles

Korie Homan and Esther Vergeer won in the final 6–2, 6–2 against Daniela DiToro and Florence Gravellier.



2009 US Open – Wheelchair Quad Singles

Peter Norfolk won in the final 6–6, 3–6, 6–3, against David Wagner.


2009 US Open – Wheelchair Quad Doubles

Nicholas Taylor and David Wagner won in the final 6-1, 6-7(5), 6-3 against Johan Andersson and Peter Norfolk.


2010 ATP World Tour

The Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) World Tour is the number one tier tennis tour for men's tennis competition. The 2010 ATP World Tour calendar cosists of Grand Slam tournaments (organised by the International Tennis Federation (ITF)), the ATP World Tour Masters 1000, the ATP World Tour 500 series, the ATP World Tour 250 series, the ATP World Team Championship, the Davis Cup (organized by the ITF), and the ATP World Tour Finals. Also included in the 2010 calendar is the Hopman Cup, which does not distribute ranking points, and is organised by the ITF.


Rectus abdominis muscle

The rectus abdominis muscle is a muscle in the human body. It is commonly referred to as "Abs". It is a paired muscle that runs vertically from the lower chest to the pubic region people usually try to put stress to make it look as if they have huge abs and they help us run.

Commander

Commander is a naval rank. It may also be used as a general term for a leader. Numerous law enforcement agencies in the United States have personnel who are in charge of running their entire operations. Commander is a rank used in many navies and some air forces. It is rarely used as a rank in armies, except in special forces for a team leader. 

The title (originally "Master and Commander") originated in the 18th century Royal Navy for naval officers who commanded ships of war too large to be commanded by a Lieutenant but too small to warrant the assignment of a Post-captain. 

In practice, these were usually unrated sloops-of-war of no more than 20 guns. The Royal Navy shortened "Master and Commander" to "Commander" in 1794; however, the term "Master and Commander" remained in common use for many years. A corresponding rank in some navies is frigate captain. In the 20th and 21st centuries, the rank has been assigned the NATO rank code of OF-4.

A Commander in the Royal Navy is above the rank of Lieutenant-Commander, below the rank of Captain. It is equivalent in rank to a Lieutenant Colonel in the British Army and Wing Commander in the Royal Air Force. A Commander may command a frigate, destroyer, submarine, aviation squadron or shore installation, or may serve on a staff.


Federalist Papers

The Federalist Papers were a series of essays about the United States Constitution. In total, there were 85 articles, 77 of them appeared in newspapers between October of 1787 and August 1788. Many talked about how the Constitution would solve America's political problems. Most of them were published in newspapers in New York and Virginia, states where it was not clear whether or not the Constitution would pass (it did). Most were written by Alexander Hamilton or James Madison, though a few were written by John Jay. 

One of the most famous of the Papers is Federalist No. 10. It was written by Madison and says that the Constitution would keep the United States from being run by small groups called "factions". The collection of all papers was also published as a book. 

The papers were published using a false name, "Publius". This name was used in reference to Publius Valerius Publicola, a Roman Consul and one of the aristocrats who overthrew the Roman Kingdom in the 5th century BC. 

The papers are often thought of as one of the most important works of American political thought. Sometimes they are used by Supreme Court justices to try to say what the founders were thinking.



Akita Prefecture

The area of Akita was created from Dewa Province and Mutsu Province.

The site of castle of the Kubota Castle built by Satake, a daimyo from Hitachi. Landscape gardener, Abira Nagaoka, designed the park in 1896. The name "Akita" became established in Tenpyou era.

Akita Prefecture faces the Sea of Japan. It is bordered by Aomori Prefecture in the north, Iwate Prefecture in the east, Miyagi Prefecture in the southeast, and Yamagata Prefecture in the south.

Mt. Chokai is the second hightest mountain in the Tohoku Region. Shirakami-Sanchi is a large mountain range along the border between Akita and Aomori prefectures.

There are 13 cities in Akita Prefecture:
National Parks cover about 11% of the total land area of the prefecture. including


"Ōmonoimi jinja" and "Tsutsukowake jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Korean Demilitarized Zone

The Korean Demilitarized Zone (often shortened to DMZ) is a piece of land in the Korean Peninsula that is as a buffer zone between North and South Korea. The DMZ cuts the Korean Peninsula almost in half, crossing the 38th parallel. The west end of the DMZ is south of the parallel and the east end is to the north of it. It is long, and about wide and is the most highly militarized border in the world. The border between both Koreas in the Yellow Sea and its coastline is known as the Northern Limit Line. Both sides of the Northern Limit Line are also very guarded.

The 38th parallel north cuts the Korean peninsula roughly in half. The parallel was the original boundary between the US-occupied and Soviet-occupied areas of Korea at the end of World War II. When the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, informally North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, informally South Korea) were created in 1948, this line became a de facto international border between the two countries. It was also one of the most tense fronts in the Cold War.

Both the North and the South remained heavily dependent on their sponsor states from 1948 to the outbreak of the Korean War. The conflict claimed over three million lives and divided the Korean Peninsula along ideological lines. On June 25, 1950, a Soviet-sponsored DPRK invasion crossed the 38th parallel. The conflict ended three years later. International troops had been deployed and pushed the frontline back to near the 38th parallel. In the ceasefire of July 27, 1953, the DMZ was created. Each side agreed in the armistice to move their troops back from the front line, creating a buffer zone wide. The Military Demarcation Line (MDL) goes down the center of the DMZ and indicates exactly where the front was when the agreement was signed.

In theory, this is a stalemate. Neither side won or lost. Because of this, both sides of the conflict are still enemies, and a large number of troops are still stationed along both sides of the line. The armistice agreement explains exactly how many military personnel and what kind of weapons are allowed in the DMZ. Soldiers from both sides may patrol inside the DMZ, but they may not cross the MDL. Sporadic outbreaks of violence due to North Korean hostilities killed over 500 South Korean soldiers and 50 U.S. soldiers along the DMZ between 1953 and 1999.

Tae Sung Dong and Kijong-dong were the only villages allowed by the armistice committee to remain within the boundaries of the DMZ. Residents of Tae Sung Dong are governed and protected by the United Nations Command and are generally required to spend at least 240 nights per year in the village to maintain their residency. In 2008, the village had a population of 218 people. The villagers of Tae Sung Dong are direct descendants of people who owned the land before the 1950-53 Korean War.

Inside the DMZ, near the western coast of the peninsula, is a place called Panmunjeom. The Joint Security Area (JSA) is located there. Originally, it was the only connection between North and South Korea. In 2007 a Korail train crossed the DMZ to the North on the new Donghae Bukbu Line built on the east coast of Korea.

There are several buildings on both sides of the Military Demarcation Line. A few are built right on top of the MDL. The Joint Security Area is the location where all negotiations since 1953 have been held, including statements of Korean solidarity, which have generally amounted to little except a slight decline of tensions. The MDL goes through the conference rooms and down the middle of the conference tables where the North Koreans and the United Nations Command (primarily South Koreans and Americans) meet face to face.

Though generally calm, the DMZ has been the scene of much saber-rattling between the two Koreas over the years. Several small skirmishes have occurred within the Joint Security Area since 1953. The Axe Murder Incident in August 1976 involved the attempted trimming of a poplar tree which resulted in two deaths (CPT Arthur Bonifas and 1LT Mark Barrett) and Operation Paul Bunyan. Beforehand, the soldiers of both sides were permitted to go back and forth across the MDL inside of the JSA, a privilege since revoked as a result of this incident.

Another incident occurred on November 23, 1984, when a Soviet tourist, who was part of an official trip to the JSA (hosted by the North), ran across the Military Demarcation Line (MDL) shouting that he wanted to defect. North Korean troops immediately chased after him opening fire. Border guards on the South Korean side returned fire eventually surrounding the North Koreans as they pursued the Russian national. One South Korean and three North Korean soldiers were killed in the action. The defector was not captured.

In late 2009, South Korean forces and the United Nations Command began renovation of its three guard posts and two checkpoint buildings within the JSA compound. Construction was designed to enlarge and modernise the structures. Work was undertaken a year after North Korea finished replacing four JSA guard posts on its side of the MDL.

South Korea has discovered tunnels that cross the DMZ. To build these tunnels, explosives were used. This left certain traces, called "blasting lines". The orientation of these blasting lines shows that the tunnels were built from north to south, North Korea built them. In total, four tunnels have been discovered, the first on November 15, 1974. North Korea claimed that the tunnels were used for coal mining. No coal has been found in the tunnels. All tunnels were dug in a rock called granite. Some of the tunnel walls have been painted black to give the appearance of anthracite.

It is believed the tunnels were built to allow a North Korean military invasion. Each tunnel is big enough, so an entire infantry division can pass in one hour, but the tunnels are too small for tanks or other vehicles. All the tunnels run in a north-south direction and do not have branches. Engineering within the tunnels, following each discovery, has become progressively more advanced. For example, the third tunnel sloped slightly upwards as it progressed southward, to prevent water stagnation. Today, visitors may visit the second, third and fourth tunnels through guided tours.

The first of the tunnels was discovered by a South Korean Army patrol, noticing steam rising from the ground. The initial discovery was met with machine gun fire from North Korean soldiers. Five days later, during a subsequent exploration of this tunnel, U.S. Navy Commander Robert M. Ballinger and ROK Marine Corps Major Kim Hah Chul were killed in the tunnel by a North Korean explosive device. The blast also wounded five Americans and one South Korean from the United Nations Command.

The tunnel, which was about high by wide, extended more than beyond the Military Demarcation Line (MDL) into South Korea. The tunnel was reinforced with concrete slabs and had electric power and lighting. There were weapons storage and sleeping areas. A narrow gauge railway with carts had also been installed. Estimates based on the tunnel's size, suggest it would have allowed approximately 2,000 KPA soldiers (one regiment) to pass through it per hour.

The second tunnel was discovered on March 19, 1975. It is of similar length to the first tunnel. It is located between below ground, but is larger than the first, approximately .

The third tunnel was discovered on October 17, 1978. Unlike the previous two, the third tunnel was discovered following a tip from a North Korean defector. This tunnel is about long and about below ground. Foreign visitors touring the South Korean DMZ may view inside this tunnel using a sloped access shaft.

A fourth tunnel was discovered on March 3, 1990 north of Haen town in the former Punchbowl battlefield. The tunnel's dimensions are 2m x 2m and it is 145m underground, the method of construction is almost identical in structure to the second and the third tunnels.

Both North and South Korea maintain "peace villages" in sight of each other's side of the DMZ. In the South, Daeseong-dong is administered under the terms of the DMZ. Villagers are classed as Republic of Korea citizens, however they are exempt from paying tax and other civic requirements such as military service.

In the North, Kijong-dong features a number of brightly painted, poured-concrete multi-story buildings and apartments with electric lighting. These features represented an unheard of level of luxury for rural Koreans, north or south, in the 1950s. The town was oriented so that the bright blue roofs and white sides of the buildings would be the most distinguishing features when viewed from the border. However scrutiny with modern telescopic lenses reveals that the buildings are mere concrete shells lacking window glass or even interior rooms, with the building lights turned on and off at set times and the empty sidewalks swept by a skeleton crew of caretakers in an effort to preserve the illusion of activity.

Until 2004, massive loudspeakers mounted on several of the buildings continuously delivered DPRK propaganda broadcasts directed towards the south as well as propaganda radio broadcasts across the border.

Within the JSA are a number of U.N. buildings called Conference Row these are used for direct talks between the two Koreas. Facing the UN buildings is DPRK's Panmungak () and ROK's Freedom House. In 1994, North Korea enlarged Panmungak by adding a third floor. In 1998, South Korea built a new Freedom House for its Red Cross staff and to possibly host reunions of families separated by the Korean War. The new building incorporated the old Freedom House Pagoda within its design.

In the 1980s, the South Korean government built a flagpole in the village of Daeseong-dong. The North Korean government responded by building a taller one — the tallest in the world at in Kijong-dong.

The "Korean wall" is a concrete barrier that was allegedly built along the length of the DMZ in South Korea between 1977 and 1979. Dutch journalist and filmmaker Peter Tetteroo shows footage of what he believes (at the prompting of his North Korean guides) to be the Korean Wall. North Korea contends: 

In the area south of the Military Demarcation Line, which cuts across our country at its waist, there is a concrete wall which [...] stretches more than from east to west, is high, thick at the bottom, and wide in the upper part. It is set with wire entanglements and dotted with gun embrasures, look-outs and varieties of military establishments [...] the South Korean rulers built this wall over a period of many years from 1977.

In December 1999, Chu Chang Jun, North Korea's longtime ambassador to China, repeated claims that a "wall" divided Korea. He said the south side of the wall is packed with soil, which permits access to the top of the wall and makes it effectively invisible from the south side. He also claimed that it served as a bridgehead for any northward invasion. One clarification in 2007, from an assistant of Mr. Cho at the Korean embassy in WDC, that this is mostly, or at least partly, an artificial cliff cut into the north side of the terrain, and explains this combination semantic and 'blind-men & elephant' issue. At the security passage between the North & South, it is easy to manage the contours and make the cliff invisible from the limited points of view allowed within the security compound. None of the plausible descriptions from the North, South, or USA, contradicts this explanation of the appearance or function of this at least partly one-sided wall.

According to the United States, the wall does not exist, although there are anti-tank barriers along some sections of the DMZ.

Panmunjeom is the site where the negotiations that ended the Korean War took place. It is the main centre of human activity in the DMZ today. The village is located on the main highway and near a railroad connecting the two Koreas.

The railway, which connects Seoul and Pyongyang, was called the Gyeongui Line before Korea was divided in the 1940s. Currently the South uses the original name, but the North refers to the route as the P'yŏngbu Line. Today, the railway is mainly used to carry materials to the industrial complexes at Kaesong. South Korea workers also use it to commute there. When it was reopened in the early 2000s, this was seen as a sign that the relations between both countries were improving. However in November 2008 North Korean authorities closed the railway because of growing tensions with the South. When former South-Korean president Kim Dae-jung had died, a delegation from North Korea also attended his funeral. On that occasion, talks were held with South Korean officials. In September 2009, the Kaesong rail and road crossings were reopened.

The road at Panmunjeom, which was known historically as "Highway One" in the South, was originally the only access point between the two countries on the Korean Peninsula. Passage is comparable to the strict movements that occurred at Checkpoint Charlie in Berlin at the height of the Cold War. Both North and South Korea's roads end in the Joint Security Area; neither highway meets because there is a concrete line that divides the entire site. People given the permission to cross this border must do so on foot before continuing their journey by road.

In 2007, on the east coast of Korea, the first train crossed the DMZ on the new Donghae Bukbu (Tonghae Pukpu) Line. The new rail crossing was built next to the road which took South Koreans to Kŭmgangsan, a region that has significant cultural importance for all Koreans. More than one million civilian visitors crossed the DMZ until the route was closed after a 53-year-old South Korean tourist was shot in July 2008. The North Korean government did not want that both police forces investigate the shooting together, so the South Korean government stopped offering tours to the resort. Since then the resort, and the Donghae Bukbu Line have effectively been closed by the North.

In the past half century, the Korean DMZ has been a deadly place for humans, making habitation impossible. Only around the village of Panmunjeom and more recently the Dong Bukbu Line on Korea's east coast have there been regular incursions by people.

This natural isolation along the length of the DMZ has created an involuntary park which is now recognised as one of the most well-preserved areas of temperate habitat in the world.

Several endangered animal and plant species now exist among the heavily fortified fences, landmines and listening posts. These include the extremely rare Red-crowned Crane (a staple of Asian art), and the White-naped crane as well as, potentially, the extremely rare Korean Tiger, Amur leopard and Asiatic black bear. Ecologists have identified some 2,900 plant species, 70 types of mammals and 320 kinds of birds within the narrow buffer zone. Additional surveys are now being conducted throughout the region.

The DMZ owes its varied biodiversity to its geography which crosses mountains, prairies, swamps, lakes and tidal marshes. Environmentalists hope that by the time reunification occurs, the former DMZ will be conserved as a wildlife refuge, with a well-developed set of objective and management plans vetted and in place. In 2005, CNN founder and media mogul, Ted Turner, on a visit to North Korea, said that he would financially support any plans to turn the DMZ into a peace park and a UN-protected World Heritage Site.

Since trying to cross the DMZ is extremely dangerous, most North Korean defectors, or people who leave their home country to join an new country in a way the first country claims to be illegal, begin their escape through the border with China. This is because the Chinese-North Korean border is much less heavily guarded, although crossing the Chinese border is not without risks. However, there have been some escapees who have escaped by crossing the DMZ. Most of these people who successfully crossed the DMZ were North Korean soldiers who already had some knowledge of the area. Of the 33,000 North Korean defectors, only 21 North Korean soldiers crossed the DMZ and lived since the North Korean famine in 1996.


Robert Falcon Scott

Captain Robert Falcon Scott CVO, RN (6 June 1868 – 29 March 1912) was an English Royal Navy officer and explorer who died on an expedition to the South Pole. He is widely known as "Scott of the Antarctic", the title of a 1948 movie.

Scott led two expeditions to the Antarctic regions: the Discovery Expedition, 1901–04, and the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition, 1910–13.
Before his appointment to lead the Discovery Expedition, Scott had followed the conventional career of a naval officer in peacetime Victorian Britain, where opportunities for career advancement were keenly sought after by ambitious officers.

It was the chance for personal distinction that led Scott to apply for command of the "Discovery". His name became associated with the Antarctic, his field of work for the final twelve years of his life.

During this second venture, Scott led a party of five which reached the South Pole on 17 January 1912, only to find that Roald Amundsen's Norwegian expedition had got there first. On the return journey, Scott and his four comrades died from exhaustion, starvation and extreme cold. The tragic fate of his expedition is still remembered throughout the world.

After his death, Scott became a British hero. His reputation suffered from several books written later in the 20th century. Still later, Scott's record was reviewed more favourably. The main cause of the failure of the expedition is now said to be the exceptionally adverse weather at the end of the return from the pole.

Scott took ponies, motorised sleds and ordinary sleds, which he and his men pulled. He thought that the number of animals overworked and killed should be held as low as possible and considered his rival Roald Amundsen's approach as cruel. Amundsen, on the other hand, killed dog after dog to feed himself, the men and the rest of the dogs. He did not feel bad about it. The ponies helped travelling part of the way to the pole, but some of them were so stubborn that the expedition members, especially Lawrence Oates, lost much energy that was needed to get back from the pole. The motorised sleds (which worked well at the start) eventually froze up. The dogs, of which there 36, were left behind on the final attempt on the Pole.

One factor which has been re-discovered is that Scott gave the dog driver Meares written orders before leaving for the final attempt on the pole. The order was for dogs to be brought up towards the returning party. This order was supplemented by Scott asking Atkinson to make a similar attempt (Atkinson was one of those not chosen for the final attempt group). In the event, neither of these actions took place.

Standard state

The standard state is a common way for measuring properties of chemicals. Standard state normally is room temperature (25°C) and normal atmospheric pressure (14.7 psi). Normally when no temperature or pressure is given, standard state is implied. If an article says "bromine is a liquid" it means bromine is a liquid in the standard state.

Tellurium trioxide

Tellurium trioxide, also known as tellurium(VI) oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TeO. It contains tellurium and oxide ions. It contains tellurium in its +6 oxidation state.

Tellurium trioxide can come in two forms. There is a yellow-red form and a gray form. The yellow red form is more reactive. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It reacts with strong bases to make tellurates. It releases oxygen to turn into tellurium dioxide when heated.

It is made by taking the water from telluric acid. The gray form can be made from this by reacting the yellow-red form with sulfuric acid and air.


Sons of Liberty

The Sons of Liberty were a group of people in Boston at the time of the American Revolution. They were led by Samuel Adams, James Otis, and Paul Revere. Other well-known members included Benedict Arnold and Patrick Henry. They were in favor of rights of colonial Americans, which meant they often did not like the British. Some people thought the Sons of Liberty were a mob. The Sons of Liberty were the main group involved in the Boston Massacre and the Boston Tea Party. They also participated in the Stamp Act.

Agnes Grey

Agnes Grey, A Novel is the first novel written by the English author Anne Brontë and first published in 1847. The novel is about a governess of that name and is said to be based on Anne Brontë's own experiences. Like her sister Charlotte's novel "Jane Eyre", it addresses how uncertain position of a governess.

Agnes Grey is the daughter of Mr. Grey, a minister who is not very rich, and Mrs. Grey, a woman who left her wealthy family and married out of love. Mr. Grey tries to make more money, but he end up losing money in an investment. That plunges the family into debt.

Agnes, her sister Mary, and their mother all try to keep expenses low and bring in extra money, but Agnes is frustrated that everyone treats her like a child. To prove herself and to earn money for the family, she wants to be a governess. Eventually, she is offered a position, and gets her parents' permission. With some doubt about how it would be to be governess, she travels to to work for the Bloomfield family.

The Bloomfields are rich and much crueller than Agnes had expected. Mrs. Bloomfield pampers her children while Mr. Bloomfield constantly finds fault with Agnes's work. The children misbehave a lot and Agnes is responsible for their behaviour even though she does not have power over them. Tom, the oldest Bloomfield child, even tortures small animals. In less than a year, Mrs. Bloomfield fires Agnes, thinks that her children are not learning quickly enough. Agnes then returns home.

She then begs her mother to help her find a new position. Agnes advertises and is given a position in an even wealthier family – the Murrays. The two boys, John and Charles, are both sent to school soon after her arrival, but the girls Rosalie and Matilda remain in her care. Matilda is a tomboy and Rosalie is a flirt. Both girls are selfish and sometimes annoying, and although Agnes's position is slightly better than it was at the Bloomfield's, she is often ignored. 

Agnes then begins to visit Nancy Brown, an old woman with poor eyesight who needs help reading the Bible; there Agnes meets the new curate, Mr. Edward Weston. The next day while on a walk Agnes is surprised by Mr. Weston, who picks some wild primroses for her. Agnes later saves one of the flowers in her Bible. This new friendship is noticed by Rosalie Murray, who has now entered into society and is admired by nearly all suitors in the county.

Rosalie becomes engaged to Sir Thomas Ashby, a wealthy baronet from Ashby Park. She tells Agnes, but makes her promise to keep silent, as she is still going to flirt with other men before she is married. One day, she and Agnes go on a walk and meet Mr. Weston. Rosalie begins to flirt with him, much to Agnes's irritation.

Agnes receives a note from her sister Mary, who is now married to Mr. Richardson, a parson who lives near their home. Mary warns that their father is dying and begs Agnes to come. Agnes arrives too late to see her father alive. After his funeral, Agnes opens a small school with her mother, leaving behind the Murrays and Mr. Weston.

She receives a letter from Rosalie who is very unhappy in her marriage and asks Agnes to come for a visit. Agnes is shocked by the change in Rosalie from a happy girl to an unhappy young woman. Rosalie tells Agnes that she hates Sir Thomas Ashby (and her mother-in-law), and claims he only left London because he was jealous of all the gentlemen she was attracting. Agnes also hears that Mr. Weston has left the area, and she is sad, believing she will not be able to see him again.

Agnes leaves Ashby Park and returns home. Several months after she arrives, she goes for a walk on the sea shore and encounters Mr. Weston, who had been looking for her since he moved to the nearby parsonage.

He is introduced to Agnes's mother, and they become friends. Agnes finds her attraction to him growing, and she accepts when he proposes marriage. In the end, Agnes is very happy having married Edward Weston, and they have three children together.



The Tenant of Wildfell Hall

The Tenant of Wildfell Hall is the second and final novel by English author Anne Brontë, published in 1848 under the pseudonym Acton Bell. Story framed as a letter from Gilbert Markham to his friend and brother-in-law. He writes about events leading to his meeting his wife. It is a classic of English literature.

Part One (Chapters 1 to 15)

Gilbert Markham writes about a young widow, Mrs Graham, who arrives at the old mansion, named Wildfell Hall with her small son and a servant. Gilbert is at first interested in Eliza Millward, the vicar's younger daughter. He casually courts her, even though his mother does not like her. 

Mrs Graham does not want to talk about her life with her new neighbours, so they decided that she did something wrong in her past. Gilbert then becomes close to her, and falls in love with her. Eliza then spreads rumours about when she realises Gilbert is interested in Mrs Graham. The rumor is that she is having an affair with her landlord, Frederick Lawrence (who is actually her brother). At a chance meeting on a road, Gilbert strikes Lawrence, who was on a horse, with a whip handle, causing him to fall from his horse. Though she is unaware of this attack, Helen Graham still refuses to marry Gilbert, but when he accuses her of loving Lawrence she gives him her diaries.

Part Two (Chapters 16 to 44)

In her diary, Helen writes about a man, Arthur Huntingdon, courting her. Huntingdon is witty and handsome. She falls in love with him. Despite her aunt warning her of his bad character, she still marries him and plans to reform him. 

After Helen is married, she realises Huntingdon is an alcoholic and he spends some of his time away in London. He and his friends drink a lot of alcohol and behave themmselves badly. Before marrying Helen, Huntingdon flirts with Annabella Wilmot. After her marriage, Helen once encounters Huntingdon flirting with Annabella, who is married to Lord Lowborough. 

After the birth of their son, also named Arthur, he is jealous of their son's claims on Helen's attentions and affections. Walter Hargrave, the brother of Helen's friend Milicent Hargrave, courts Helen. He is an unwelcome admirer. He informs Helen of Arthur's affair with Lady Lowborough. When his friends depart, Arthur is sad openly for his lover's departure and hates his wife, but will not give her a divorce.

When he begins to make their son drink alcohol, and teaches him to say bad words, Helen decides to run away from him. She plans to flee to save her son, but her husband learns of her plans from by reading her diary and burns the artist's tools with which she had hoped to support herself. After support from her brother, Frederick Lawrence, she leaves Grassdale and secretly comes to live at Wildfell Hall.

Part Three (Chapters 45 to 53)

After Gilbert reading the diaries, Helen bids Gilbert to leave her because she is cannot marry. He complies. He learns that Helen had left Wildfell Hall, when she learns that her husband is very sick. She takes care of him, but he still died.

After a year passes, Gilbert hears a rumour of Helen's impending wedding. When he arrived at the wedding, he only found that Mr Lawrence, with whom he has reconciled, is marrying Helen's friend Esther Hargrave. Gilbert goes to Grassdale, and discovers that Helen is now wealthy. He travels there, but is anxious that she is now far above his social position. By chance he sees Helen, her aunt and young Arthur. The two lovers marry. They lead a happy life and have at least two children together.

Helen Huntingdon (maiden nameː Helen Lawrence, aliasː Helen Graham)

She is the protagonist of the novel and the tenant of the title. Wildfell Hall is the place where she and her brother were born. After their mother's death she goes to live with their aunt and uncle at Staningley Manor, while her brother, Frederick, remains with their father. Helen has maintained an close relationship with her brother and later he helps her to escape from her abusive husband. The character of Helen Graham was probably inspired by Anna Isabella Milbanke, the wife of Lord Byron. Like Anna, Helen firstly believed that reforming her husband's behaviour was her religious duty. Despite disapointment, both women retained their faith. 

Master Arthur Huntingdon 

Five years old at the beginning of the book, the son of Arthur Huntingdon and Helen. He looks like his uncle, Frederick, which gives rise to gossip. He is grown up by the time of Gilbert's letter to Jack Halford, and is lives at Grassdale Manor with his wife, Helen Hattersley (the daughter of Milicent Hargrave and Ralph Hattersley).

Margaret "Peggy" Maxwell

Helen's aunt, tries to warn her against marrying Huntingdon. She dies several years after Helen's and Gilbert's marriage.

Frederick Lawrence, Helen's brother, helps her to escape from Huntingdon and lends her money. As he and Helen grew up apart and only met in Staningley or Grassdale, no one guessed that the secretive Mrs Graham is actually Frederick's sister. Eventually he marries Esther Hargrave. Being in mourning for her husband, Helen is forced to miss her brother's wedding.

Arthur Huntingdon

Helen's abusive and alcoholic husband, is a Byronic figure. His abusive behaviour makes Helen to run away from him, but when he becomes ill (after the injury from falling from a horse when drunk), Helen returns to Grassdale to take care of him. When he does not want to stop drinking alcohol, Huntingdon eventually dies.

Annabella Wilmot (later Lady Lowborough)

Arthur Huntingdon's lover, is flirtatious, and beautiful. She has an affair with Arthur Huntingdon for a few years. Helen is forced to cope with the affair, but when Annabella's husband finds out about it, he gets a divorce. Gilbert says he hears that after Annabella moves to Europe, she falls into poverty and dies destitute and alone, but says he cannot be sure if this is true or a rumour.

Lord Lowborough

A friend of Huntingdon's. He is also Annabella's devoted husband. Sad and gloomy, he is in contrast to Huntingdon. He used to gamble and drink too much alcohol and developed an addiction to opium, but gradually improves himself. Lowborough truly loves Annabella, and her infidelity brings him such suffering that only his Christian faith and strong will keep him from suicide. Later he divorces her and after some time marries a plain middle-aged woman, who makes a good wife to him and a stepmother to his children.

Ralph Hattersley

A friend of Huntingdon's, marries Milicent because he wants a quiet wife who will let him do what he likes with no word complaint. He mistreats his wife. "I sometimes think she has no feeling at all; and then I go on until she cries – and that satisfies me," he tells Helen. But after he reforms himself he becomes a loving husband and father.

Gilbert Markham

A twenty-four-year-old farmer, is the main narrator in the novel. He shows jealousy and anger, but during the course of the novel he grows morally and proves to be worthy of Helen.

Fergus Markham

Gilbert's seventeen-year-old brother, often tries but fails to be witty.

Rose Markham

A clever and pretty girl of ninteen, is Gilbert's younger sister and a friend of the Millward sisters. She becomes the wife of Jack Halford, to whom Gilbert is writing in letters what happened 20 years ago in his youth.

Jane Wilson

A friend of Eliza Millward and a scandalmonger, tries to marry Frederick Lawrence, but when Gilbert reveals to him her hatred of Frederick's sister Helen, Frederick breaks off their relationship. As no man she meets fits her high standards, she moves to a nearby country town, friendless and, according to Helen, becomes a spinster.

Eliza Millward

The younger daughter of the vicar and friend of Jane Wilson, loves gossip. Gilbert carries on a half-serious flirtation with her before he first meets Helen.

Walter Hargrave

A friend of Arthur Huntingdon's, is a admirer of Helen while she is still living with her husband. He is a cousin of Annabella Wilmot.

Milicent Hargrave

A quiet woman married to Ralph Hattersley against her will. She is Walter's sister and Helen's close friend. Helen leaves Arthur with her beloved son in tow, while Milicent says that she is "really contented" with her husband and "would not exchange [him] for any man on earth". At length, Ralph finally reforms himself and Milicent finds happiness in marriage.

Esther Hargrave

The younger sister of Milicent and Walter, and Helen's friend, is cheerful and independent. She resists an arranged marriage her family tries to force her into and eventually marries Helen's brother, Frederick Lawrence

Rachel

A servant and friend of Helen and her son, has taken care of Helen since her birth.



Poems by Currer, Ellis and Acton Bell

Poems by Currer, Ellis, and Acton Bell was a book of poetry published together by the three Brontë sisters, Charlotte, Emily and Anne in 1846. It is their first printed work.

Minimum efficient scale

The minimum efficient scale (MES) is the smallest output that an industrial plant (or firm) can produce such that its long run average costs are minimised. The size of MES relative to market demand curve has a strong influence on market structure. It can also be defined as the minimum point in U-shaped long run average cost curve.

Alex Riley

Alex Riley (born 29 March 1968 in Sheffield, Yorkshire) is an English DJ, television personality and comedian. His DJ career began when he became a DJ on BBC Radio 7. Some of the shows he hosted are "The Comedy Club", "Sony Gold Award" and "Station Sound". He began his TV career performing with the city's Crucible Youth Theatre during which time he originated, and appeared in, dozens of sketches and devised pieces, as well as appearing in a number of plays and farces at the Library Theatre.

Riley then had a succession of jobs including managing an alternative shopping centre, selling aerial photographs and answering an on-air appeal for researchers on BBC TV's Top Gear programme. He is best known for "Britain's Really Disgusting Food" first aired in 2008, with a second series in 2009 and an alternative but same universe series "Britain's Really Disgusting Drink". He also acted in "Chelsea Flower Show", "Britain in Bloom", "Bigamy", "Short Circuits", "Discovery Home and Leisure", "Boys Toys", the Caravan Show, "You Know You Want To" and "Classic Car Club" among other TV shows. He also has a career as a stand-up comedian.

Tellurite

Tellurite is an ion. Its chemical formula is TeO. They are some of the more stable tellurium compounds. They are weak oxidizing agents. In slightly acidic conditions, it makes hydrogen tellurite, HTeO. When it is very acidic, it makes tellurous acid. They are normally made by reacting tellurium dioxide with a metal oxide. 

Tellurite is also a rare mineral. This mineral consists of tellurium dioxide. It is a yellow to white mineral. It is in areas that tend to oxidize minerals (oxidation zone). Otherwise telluride or native tellurium would be there. 


Chiba (city)

It has been recognized as a city designated by government ordinance since 1992.

Chiba has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfa"). It is very hot i summer, and cool until mild winter. There is a lot of precipitation throughout the year, but there is less precipitation in winter.

As of February 2016, Chiba had an estimated 972,861 people living there. It had a population density of 3,580 persons per km². The total area of Chiba is . There were 19,135 registered foreign residents in Chiba as of March 31, 2007. Foreigners are about 2% of the total number of people. It has the 14th most amount of people in Japan.

There is no commercial airport in Chiba. Narita International Airport and Tokyo International Airport (Haneda) are the closest major airports.


Chiba has 20 public high schools. They are controlled by the Chiba Prefectural Board of Education. Two public high schools are controlled by the Chiba City Board of Education. This includes Inage Senior High School. There are also nine private high schools. They include the Makuhari Junior and Senior High School.

Chiba has 114 public elementary schools. It also has one private elementary school. There are 59 public middle schools. It also has one private middle school.



Chiba is twinned with:

Chiba Prefecture

Chiba is the sixth most populous prefecture, and 27th largest by land area.

Chiba Prefecture is made from the old province of Awa, Kazusa and Shimōsa.

Chiba borders Ibaraki Prefecture to the north at the Tone River, Tokyo and Saitama Prefecture to the west at the Edo River, the Pacific Ocean to the east and Tokyo Bay around its southern boundary. Most of Chiba lies on the hilly Bōsō Peninsula, a rice farming region: the east coast, known as the Ninety-Nine League Plain, is an especially productive area. The most populous zone, in the northwest of the prefecture, is part of the Kantō region that extends into the urban agglomeration of Tokyo and Saitama. The Kuroshio Current flows near Chiba, which keeps it relatively warm in winter and cooler in summer than neighbouring Tokyo.

There are thirty-seven cities in Chiba Prefecture:
‡ Scheduled to be dissolved after mergers.

These are the towns and villages in each district:
National Parks are established in about 6% of the total land area of the prefecture.

Chiba is one of Japan's biggest industrial areas. This is because it has a long coastline on Tokyo Bay. Chiba was chosen as the place for a major Kawasaki Steel factory in 1950. The prefectural government started a very big land reclamation program. They filled in the water areas to make big, new waterfront properties for factories, warehouses, and docks. Chemical production, petrochemical refining, and machine production are the three main industries in Chiba. They are 45% of Chiba's exports. In recent years, the government has given more than eighty industrial parks money. This is to bring development further inland.

Chiba also has the second-highest farming output in Japan. Only Hokkaidō makes more farm products. Chiba makes more vegetables than Hokkaidō. Seaweed is harvested in big amounts from Tokyo Bay.


Two major Japanese sport events happen in Chiba each year: the International Chiba Ekiden and the Chiba International Cross Country.

These sports teams are based in Chiba.




Most Tokyo-bound visitors going to Tokyo arriving on international flights land in Narita International Airport, which is in Narita in the north of the prefecture, and connected to Tokyo by the East Japan Railway's "Narita Express" and the Keisei Electric Railway's "Skyliner".

The Tokyo Disney Resort is in Urayasu near the western border of the prefecture.

The Kamogawa Sea World is a large scale comprehensive marine leisure center/museum equivalent facility located between the Tojo coast and the national highway No. 128 in Kamogawa city.

There are several tourist sites on the Bōsō Peninsula, such as Mount Nokogiri; Kujūkuri Beach; and Onjuku Beach.

Chiba is linked to Tokyo by several railway lines; the main ones are the Keiyo Line and Sobu Line. The Musashino Line connects Chiba to Saitama and northern Tokyo. Southern Chiba is connected to Kanagawa Prefecture by the Tokyo Bay Aqua-Line bridge-tunnel.

Chiba is famous for peanuts. Most of Japan's peanuts are harvested in this prefecture and are also processed into peanut oil.

"Awa jinja" and "Tamasaki jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.


Chiba

Chiba means more than one thing.


Chiba is also a common family name in Japan.

Narita, Chiba

Narita (成田市; -shi) is a city in Japan. It is the site of Narita International Airport.


Jerzy Popiełuszko

Jerzy Popiełuszko (pron. jɛʐɨ popʲɛwuʂko) (Okopy, 14 September 1947 - Włocławek, 19 October 1984) was a Polish presbyter, killed by officers of the ministry of the interior of the People's Republic of Poland. He is treated with great respect and honored as blessed by the Catholic Church.

Born in Okopy, a lone village near Suchowola, his parents were farmers, and in this simple environment became grown into his vocation.
He was ordained priest on 28 May 1972 in Warsaw by cardinal Stefan Wyszyński.

Until 1980 he was a priest in his home village, occupying himself mainly with the education of children and boys, since that moment began to near the movement of Polish workers and to subjects of social justice.

In his pastoral activity, he took his work near the workers of steelworks, celebrating a solemn mass in the factory during a strike of the metallurgiacal workers.

Next, he joined the workers of the independent trade union Solidarność (Solidarity), adverse to the communist system of government. He was an anticommunist sure of his faith, and in his preachings launched criticisms of the system and invited the people to contest the system of government.

During the period of the martial law (1981 - 1983) the Catholic Church was the only force that could have a certain possibility of criticism, through the preachings during the celebration of the masses.

The homilies and the preachings of Father Popiełuszko were regularly transmitted by Radio Free Europe, which gave him a certain popularity also in other countries.

He was initially threatened and ordered to silence by the Polish Ministry of the Interior. On 13 October 1984, he was involved in a traffic accident from which however he went out whole.

On 19 October 1984, on return from a pastoral service, he was taken away illegally and killed by three officers of the Ministry of the Interior, and his body was found on 30 October in the waters of the Vistula River close to Włocławek.

The notice of the murder caused disorders in Poland, and the authors of the murder - the captains Grzegorz Piotrowski, Leszek Pękala, Waldemar Chmielewski, and Colonel Adam Petruszka - were judged guilty and stated punishment to 25 years of prison, but were freed as amnesty some year later.

The funeral took 3rd of November400.000 people attended including the leader of Solidarność Lech Wałęsa.

His grave is the aim of regular pilgrimages, from Poland and from other countries; on 14 July 1987, Pope John Paul II prayed on his grave also.

The Catholic Church began the process of beatification in 1997.

On 19 December 2009, Pope Benedict XVI gave formal permission for the Congregation for the Causes of Saints to issue the decree regarding "the martyrdom of Servant of God, George Popiełuszko, diocesan priest; born on 14 September 1947 in Okopy Suchowola (Poland) and killed in hate to the faith on 20 October 1984 near Włocławek (Poland)".

The solemn mass of beatification of Jerzy Popiełuszko has been celebrated in Warsaw on Sunday, 6 June 2010, in the square that has a title of the marshal Piłsudski.




Nordjyllands Trafikselskab

Nordjyllands Trafikselskab (English: North Jutland's Transport Company) is a Danish company who makes the routes of regional buses in Northern Jutland.

Al Capone

Alphonse Gabriel "Al" Capone (January 17, 1899 – January 25, 1947) was an Italian-American criminal mastermind. He grew up in Brooklyn and moved to Chicago where he led a crime syndicate in the Prohibition-era that was known as the "Capones". The Capones were known for smuggling, bootlegging liquor and prostitution in Chicago, Illinois from around the 1920s until 1931. Capone's organized crime reign ended in 1931, when he was put on trial for federal income tax evasion. Found guilty, Capone was sentenced to 11 years in prison.

Capone was released from his sentence in 1939, suffering from an advanced case of syphilis. Capone died in 1947 after he suffered a stroke. He regained consciousness and caught pneumonia and later had a fatal cardiac arrest. On January 25, 1947 Al Capone died in his home, surrounded by his family. Michael Jackson made a song called "Al Capone" for his 1987 album "Bad". It was not put on the album. The song was released on the second disc of the 25th Anniversary re-release of "Bad".



Tama-Plaza Station

Tama-Plaza Station (たまプラーザ駅,たまぷらーざえき) is a railway station of Tokyu Corporation in Aoba-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.



Gloria Estefan

Gloria María Milagrosa Fajardo García de Estefan, known mostly as Gloria Estefan (born September 1, 1957) is a Cuban-born American singer, songwriter, actress and entrepreneur. She is known as the "Queen Of Latin Pop". Estefan has won multiple Grammy Awards. The singer was a member of Miami Sound Machine in the 1980s. She is in the top 100 best selling music artists with over 100 million albums sold worldwide. Currently, she is the most successful crossover performer in Latin music.

She was born Gloria Fajardo on September 1, 1957, in Havana, Cuba. As a toddler, Estefan fled Cuba with her family when Communist dictator Fidel Castro rose to power. Her father, Jose Manuel Fajardo, had been a Cuban soldier and bodyguard of former President Fulgencio Batista. Her maternal grandfather, Leonardo García, immigrated to Cuba from Pola de Siero, Asturias, Spain. He married Gloria's maternal grandmother in Pola de Siero, Asturias, Spain. Her maternal grandmother is originally from Logroño, Spain.

After coming to the United States, Fajardo was recruited into the 2506 Brigade, a Central Intelligence Agency-funded band of Cuban refugees that was involved in the unsuccessful 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion. After President John F. Kennedy negotiated the release of the captured soldiers, Fajardo rejoined his family. He eventually joined the U.S. Army and served for two years in Vietnam.

As a child Estefan liked to write poetry, and though she took classical guitar lessons, she found them tedious. She had no idea that she would some day become a popular music star, but music played a very important role for her as a teenager.

After her father's return from Vietnam, he was diagnosed as having multiple sclerosis, possibly as a result of having been exposed to the herbicide Agent Orange while serving in the army. Estefan's mother, who had been a teacher in Cuba, worked to support the family during the day and attended school at night. Young Gloria was left to take care of her father and younger sister. She had little social life, and because she felt the weight of such responsibilities she turned to music as a release.

"When my father was ill, music was my escape," Estefan told Washington Post reporter Richard Harrington. "I would lock myself up in my room for hours and just sing. I wouldn't cry—I refused to cry...Music was the only way I had to just let go, so I sang for fun and for emotional catharsis."

Estefan said in an interview, that she is not affiliated with any political party.

Studio albums


Lorrie Morgan

Loretta Lynn "Lorrie" Morgan (born June 27, 1959) is an American singer. Her first single was put out in 1978. But it was not until 1989 that she began going up in the United States country charts. Morgan was born in Nashville, Tennessee. Her albums include "Something in Red" and "Watch Me".

Morgan has made over forty chart entries on the United States "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. Those include three #1 singles: "What Part of No", "I Didn't Know My Own Strength" and "Five Minutes." She has eleven other top ten hits.

At age 13, Morgan made her first performance on the Grand Ole Opry. In that performance, she sang the song "Paper Roses."

Lee Ann Womack

Lee Ann Womack (born August 19, 1966) is an American country music singer and songwriter. Womack has won a number of music awards for her music and singing.

Her 2000 single, "I Hope You Dance" was a major crossover music hit. It reached #1 on the Billboard Country Chart. It made the Top 15 of the Billboard Hot 100.




Sheena Easton

Sheena Easton (born Sheena Shirley Orr; 27 April 1959), is a Scottish singer. She was very popular during the 1980s and the 1990s. She has won several Grammy Awards. She had many charting singles and albums including "Morning Train," "For Your Eyes Only" and "Sugar Walls." Easton was born in Bellshill, Scotland.

Cerebral palsy

Cerebral palsy (CP) is the name given to a number of motor problems (trouble moving the body). CP is usually caused by damage done to the brain during early childhood. It is called "cerebral palsy" because the part of the brain that is damaged is the cerebrum. CP cannot be cured. It is treated with therapies. 

CP was first identified by an English surgeon called William Little in 1860.

There are several types of cerebral palsy. The most common type is spastic cerebral palsy. 

Today, 1 in every 400 children in the UK has cerebral palsy. 

People with CP often have trouble standing or walking. They may also be partly paralysed. 

While the main problem of cerebral palsy is problems with moving, difficulties with having thoughts, learning, feeling, talking and behaviour often come with cerebral palsy.

Of children with cerebral palsy, 3 out of 4 children have pain, 1 out of 2 have intellectual disability, 1 out of 3 children cannot walk, 1 in 3 have a hip displacement, 1 in 4 cannot talk, 1 out of 4 children have epilepsy, 1 in 4 have behaviour disorders, 1 out of 4 children have trouble controlling their bladder, 1 in 5 have trouble with sleep (sleeping too much or not enough), 1 out of 5 children dribble, 1 out of 10 are blind, 1 out of 15 need to be fed through a tube, and 1 in 25 are deaf.

Most people with cerebral palsy live for as long as people without CP. 5-10% of children with CP die before growing up.

Over time, the way to take care of cerebral palsy has changed from fixing a person's physical problems such as spasticity in one leg or arm. Now, the way to take care of cerebral palsy is about making therapies for the body part of a larger purpose of making the person's quality of life better, helping them have choice and make their own decisions about looking after themselves, and helping them be part of society. Much of children's therapy is about helping them walk better. Roughly 60% of people with CP are able to walk by themselves or with mobility aids when they become grown up.

Mobility aids may help people with CP move around more easily.

Nathanael Greene

Nathanael Greene (July 27, 1742 - June 19, 1786) was a general in the Continental Army during the American Revolution. He was from Rhode Island and was a Quaker. Before the war, he was a blacksmith and a delegate to the Rhode Island General Assembly. During the war, he commanded a fort in Boston and a part of Washington's army during the New York, New Jersey and Philadelphia campaigns. Late in the war, Greene commanded an army in the South. After the war, he moved to Georgia, where he died of sunstroke.

Belgian United Nations Command

Belgian United Nations Contingent (BUNC) was the name for the Belgian and Luxembourger soldiers who volunteered to fight in the Korean War (1950–1953).

Sleigh Ride

"Sleigh Ride" is an extremely popular song which is played in the holiday season of each year. The song was composed by Leroy Anderson. Sleigh Ride never mentions any holiday, except in certain versions. It has been performed by many musicians, including though not limited to The Carpenters, Johnny Mathis, Amy Grant, Air Supply, Unavailable, The Ronettes and Ray Conniff Singers throughout the years.

Mark Rutte

Mark Rutte (born 14 February 1967) is a Dutch politician. He has been Prime Minister of The Netherlands since 14 October 2010. He was leader of the conservative liberal People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) from 2006 to 2023. In July 2023, Rutte and his government announced their resignations.

In 2010, Rutte won the elections with his party. He did not gain a majority in parliament, he won 31 out of 150 seats. Before he could form his government, there were four weeks of negotiations with the Christian-democratic CDA and the right-wing PVV of Geert Wilders. Wilders was not in the government, but he was supporting the government on several issues. These issues were discussed in those four weeks. When he was sworn in on 14 October 2010, he became the first liberal Prime Minister in the Netherlands in 92 years.

The First Rutte cabinet, consisting of VVD, CDA, and PVV, lasted from 2010 to 2012. The Second Rutte cabinet, consisting of VVD and PvdA, lasted from 2012 to 2017. The Third Rutte cabinet, consisting of VVD, D66, CDA, and CU, lasted from 2017 to 2022.

On 15 January 2021, Rutte announced his resignation and that of his government because of a child welfare scandal.

Rutte has been leading the Fourth Rutte cabinet, consisting of VVD, D66, CDA, and CU, since 10 January 2022.

On 7 July 2023, Rutte announced his government's resignation after his coalition failed to agree on how to handle increasing migration. His government will take on a caretaker role until the next general election. Rutte said that he will be leaving politics all together.

Rutte is single and lives in The Hague. He frequently uses his bike for government duties at the Binnenhof and the Catshuis. He is also a part time teacher at a high school in The Hague.


Pete Carroll

Peter Clay Carroll (born September 15, 1951, in San Francisco, California) is the head coach and of the Seattle Seahawks, a National Football League team. He used to coach for the New York Jets, New England Patriots and the University of Southern California football team.

In his time at USC, the Trojans went to two BCS Bowl games, winning the National Championship in 2004 and winning the Pacific-10 Conference football title seven years in a row from 2002 to 2008. The 2004 BCS title was taken away from the team in 2010, but USC kept its 2003 and 2004 AP National Championships.

Carroll went to Redwood High School in Larkspur, California. Carroll played in three sports: football (playing quarterback, wide receiver and defensive back), basketball and baseball. Carroll won the school's Athlete of the Year award in 1969.

After high school, Carroll went to junior college (a two-year college) at College of Marin, where he played football for two years before changing schools to the University of the Pacific. At Pacific, Carroll played the free safety position for two years.

After graduation, Carroll tried out for the Honolulu Hawaiians of the World Football League, but did not make the team because of shoulder problems. To make money, he found a job selling roofing materials in the Bay Area, but he found he was not good at it and soon moved on; it would be his only non-football-related job.


Religious belief

A religious belief is a strong belief in a supernatural power or powers that control human destiny. Religious beliefs often are about the cause, nature, and purpose of the universe and involve devotion, ritual practices and rules which must be followed.

Polychlorinated biphenyl

Polychlorinated biphenyls (often shortened to PCBs) are organic chemical compounds that contain chlorine atoms. They were used in industrial chemistry, and to make certain transformers, capacitors, and cooling fluids. The Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants declared them to be among the worst chemical pollutants. Their use has been banned worldwide, since 2001. The mode of action of these substances is similar to that of dioxin. 

Polychlorinated biphenyls were widely used, and they can be found in the atmosphere, the soil, and the bodies of water anywhere on the earth. In the short term, these substances are not very toxic, but they accumulate in the body. They are teratogens, and may cause cancer. 

Teratogen

A teratogen is a material that can cause birth defects. Teratogens include some chemicals, medications, and infectious diseases. The name goes back to Ancient Greek "theras", which can be translated as "monster".

About 75% of all birth defects are caused by teratogens.

Alcohol is the most common cause of congenital disorders that can be prevented. Alcohol is poisonous to a fetus and can cause brain damage. Drinking alcohol while pregnant can cause the fetus to get fetal alcohol syndrome.

Illegal drugs, like heroin and cocaine, are also poisonous to the fetus and can cause many different congenital problems. For example, cocaine use during pregnancy can cause microcephaly (a smaller head size than usual) and problems with the way the fetus's urinary system and genitals grow.

Some medications can also hurt the fetus if its mother takes them while she is pregnant. For example:

Before the 1960s, many countries did not have rules about testing medications for their effects on fetuses. This changed partly because of thalidomide. This medication was given to pregnant women for nausea in the 1950s and 1960s. Between 1956 and 1962, more than 10,000 children in 46 different countries were born with birth defects, like arms and legs that had not grown. Thalidomide had not been tested well enough before it started being prescribed. Now, many countries require more testing before a medication can be said to be safe during pregnancy.

If a woman gets an infection while she is pregnant, sometimes the infection can affect her fetus. The placenta protects the fetus from many different viruses, bacteria, and other pathogens that cause infections. However, some pathogens can get through the placenta and infect the fetus. This is called vertical transmission. Some of these infections can cause birth defects.

Examples of infections that can cause birth defects include:

Some chemicals can cause birth defects, if a pregnant woman is exposed to enough of them. For example:

High levels of ionizing radiation can cause birth defects.

Examples of things that do not cause birth defects include:

Mountain pass

In a group of hills or mountains, a pass is a path for crossing a mountain. It is usually a saddle point between two higher areas. Many of the world's mountain ranges have always made travel difficult so passes have been important throughout history in trade, war and migration.

A pass has the general form of a saddle between two mountains. They are often found just above the source of a river, making a sort of "bridge" over to the headwaters of another river. Passes may be very short, with steep slopes to the top of the pass, or valleys of many kilometers.

Roads and railways have been built through passes. Some high and rugged passes may have tunnels dug underneath to let traffic move faster.

The top of a pass is often the only flat ground in the area so it is often a good site for buildings. For countries whose borders lie on a mountain range, the pass is often part of the border. As well as making travel easy between valleys, passes also provide a route between two mountain tops so it is common for tracks to meet at a pass; this often makes them good routes even when travelling between a summit and the valley floor.

Some of the best known passes are Great St Bernard Pass at in the Alps, the Khyber Pass at between Afghanistan and Pakistan, and the Khardong La Pass at in Jammu and Kashmir, India. 


Albrecht Böttcher

Albrecht Böttcher (born 29 December 1954 in Oberwiesenthal, Saxony, Germany) is a German mathematician. His field of research is functional analysis.

Between 1971 and 1973, Böttcher was in an elite class for mathematics at the Chemnitz University of Technology. In 1973, he won a silver medal at the International Math Olympiad in Moscow. He studied mathematics from 1975 to 1979 in Chemnitz. In 1980, he went to Rostov on Don to study and earned a PhD there in 1984. The topic of his dissertation was "The finite section method for the Wiener-Hopf integral operator". After this he worked as scientist assistance at the university of Chemnitz. Since 1992, he is professor for "harmonic analysis and Operator theory" at the Chemnitz University of Technology.

As of 2012, he is the author of nine books and about 180 papers.


ATI Technologies

ATI Technologies Inc. was a Canadian company known for making graphics processing units and motherboard chipsets. It was founded in 1985 as Array Technology Inc. In 2006, ATI was bought by AMD.


Aromatherapy

Aromatherapy is a type of alternative medicine that uses the part of plants known as essential oils. Some people think that aromatherapy helps to change a person's mind, mood or health but this has not been proven scientifically.

Some essential oils like tea tree do have an anti-microbial effect, so they may be useful for the treatment of infections. Evidence that aromatherapy works in treating disease and other conditions is poor.

The ways of using aromatherapy oils include:





Sodium tellurite

Sodium tellurite is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaTeO. It contains sodium and tellurite ions.

Sodium tellurite is a colorless solid. The tellurite ion can react with water to make sodium hydrogen tellurite, NaHTeO. It dissolves in water easily. It is a weak oxidizing agent (can be reduced to tellurium) and a weak reducing agent (can be oxidized to tellurates). It is part of the process in making tellurium. 

It is made by reacting tellurium dioxide with sodium hydroxide, or by heating a telluride in air with sodium carbonate. 

Sodium tellurite is used in making tellurium. It is also used to make electroplated nickel corrosion-resistant. It can also be used to add a bluish coating to steel. It can be used to isolate certain types of bacteria that it is not toxic to.


Telluride

Telluride is an ion. Chemical compounds containing this ion are called tellurides. Examples are sodium telluride and hydrogen telluride. The chemical formula is Te. Tellurides are strong reducing agents. Some tellurides are impure, making them weaker reducing agents. Tellurides are the main source of tellurium in the ground. It only exists at very high pH. At lower pH's, hydrogen telluride, HTe, is made. When it is acidic (very low pH), hydrogen telluride gas is made.


Tellurate

Tellurate is an ion. Its chemical formula is TeO or TeO. Chemical compounds having the tellurate ion in them are called tellurates. Tellurates are strong oxidizing agents. They are similar to selenates. Tellurates react with acids to make telluric acid. 

An example is sodium tellurate (NaTeO). It is made by reacting telluric acid with sodium hydroxide. It can also be made by oxidizing sodium tellurite. It is similar to sodium selenate.


Hydrogen telluride

Hydrogen telluride, also known as hydrotelluric acid, tellane, or tellurium hydride, is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HTe. It contains hydrogen and telluride ions.

Hydrogen telluride is a toxic reactive gas. It easily decomposes to hydrogen and tellurium. It also burns in air to make tellurium dioxide and water. It has a very bad smell of decayed garlic. It is almost as acidic as phosphoric acid. It reacts with some metals and metal oxides to make tellurides.

It is made by adding a strong acid to a telluride, such as sodium telluride.

Hydrogen telluride does not have many uses because it is very toxic and unstable.


Sodium telluride

Sodium telluride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaTe. It contains sodium and telluride ions. 

It is a white solid when pure. It reacts with air to make a mixture of tellurium and tellurides, which would make gray or purple colors. It eventually turns into sodium carbonate and tellurium when in air. It is a powerful reducing agent. It reacts with strong acids to make hydrogen telluride. It reacts with water to make sodium hydrogen telluride, NaHTe.

Sodium telluride is made by reacting tellurium and sodium in liquid ammonia. 

Sodium telluride is used to make organic tellurium compounds. It also can act as a reducing agent. 


Tellurium(II) bromide

Tellurium(II) bromide, also known as tellurium dibromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TeBr. It contains tellurium and bromide ions. The tellurium is in the +2 oxidation state.

Tellurium(II) bromide is a green brown crystalline solid. It absorbs water from the air. 

It is made when tellurium(IV) bromide is heated in air. It can also be made by careful reduction of tellurium(IV) bromide.


Tellurium(IV) bromide

Tellurium(IV) bromide, also known as tellurium tetrabromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TeBr. It contains tellurium and bromide ions. The tellurium is in the +4 oxidation state.

Tellurium(IV) bromide is a yellow-orange solid. It conducts electricity when molten. It decomposes to bromine and tellurium(II) bromide when heated strongly. 

It is made by reacting tellurium with bromine.

Tellurium(IV) bromide can be used to make complexes with organic molecules.


Cadmium telluride

Cadmium telluride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CdTe. It contains cadmium and telluride ions.

Cadmium telluride is a black solid. It reacts with acids to make toxic cadmium compounds and toxic hydrogen telluride gas. It does not dissolve in water.

Cadmium telluride is used to make electricity in solar cells. It is one of the best things. It can be mixed with mercury to make mercury cadmium telluride, good in infrared detectors.


Lead telluride

Lead telluride, also known as lead(II) telluride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PbTe. It contains lead and telluride ions. The lead is in the +2 oxidation state.

Lead telluride is a gray crystalline solid. It reacts with strong acids to make toxic hydrogen telluride and toxic lead salts. 

It may be made by melting lead and tellurium together.

It is used as a semiconductor and an infrared detector.


Tellurium bromide

Tellurium bromide can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Sphalerite

Sphalerite is a mineral. Its is a mixed zinc and iron sulfide. The chemical formula is (Zn,Fe)S. It can be brown, yellow, red, green, and black. It is normally found with galena, a lead ore. It is also known as zinc blende. It has a Mohs hardness of 3.5 to 4. It is the main ore of zinc. It has a non-metalic sheen.

Vale Park

Vale Park is a football stadium in Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent, England. It is the home ground of Port Vale F.C., who have played at the ground since 1950.

Model rocket

A model rocket is a miniature rocket. They are not launched by the government or a space program. They are used by people interested in rockets. They are normally made of light (not heavy) materials. Even though it seems dangerous, it is quite safe and is a way many people start getting interested in rockets and space exploration. Rocket motors come in many different sizes, and they are indicated by a code on the motor. There are also many ways for the rocket to fall back down after it is ignited. Some of them use parachutes.


Guide

Guides are people who lead people. This includes people of the real world (such as a person who helps travelers and tourists through a place). In figurative language it may mean person who leads someone to some goal such as to knowledge or wisdom.

Blast furnace

A blast furnace is a special type of furnace for smelting iron from ore. Blast furnaces are very large. They can be up to tall and in diameter. The blast furnace is the biggest chemical reactor. Blast furnaces are also called high ovens.

A blast furnace is usually built with a steel case and bricks made of magnesium oxide or other refractory material inside the case. The hot furnace cannot melt these bricks. The furnace is cooled with water running inside part of the case and bricks.

The process of making iron is simple. Iron ore is basically iron oxide. Iron is made by removing the oxygen. This leaves crude iron called "pig iron". This process of removing oxygen is called smelting. Carbon is used in the reduction process, with the ore heated to a high temperature. Carbon easily takes the oxygen off the ore in high temperatures.

Ore, limestone and carbon in the form of coke are put into the top of the blast furnace in layers. At the same time, hot air called "wind" is blown inside the furnace. Special nozzles called "tuyeres" are used to put the air in the furnace. The nozzles are at the bottom of the furnace. This process is called "blasting". It is why it is called a "blast furnace". The coke ignites (lights on fire) and burns. This creates carbon monoxide because there is not enough oxygen to make carbon dioxide. The carbon monoxide then reduces the metal oxide to the metal and makes carbon dioxide. This process is used to make iron. The limestone forms a substance called slag with the rock of the iron ore.

The bottom part of the furnace is called the "hearth". When it has filled with liquid pig iron and slag, the slag is removed. This is called "skimming". Slag is lighter than iron and does not mix with iron. It floats on top of the iron. A hole is made in the hearth at the level of the slag with a special drill. The liquid slag moves out through the hole into a container called "slag pot". The iron is then drained from the hearth. This is called "tapping". A hole is made at the bottom and the liquid pig iron comes out. It is either used directly for steelmaking, put into a special railway wagon called "torpedo car" or made into molds. When all the pig iron has been removed, fire-resistant clay is used to close the two holes. The clay becomes solid very quickly because of the high heat. 

The pig iron contains some 4% of carbon and it would be too hard and too brittle to use. The extra carbon must first be burned away. The pig iron is refined into steel by decarburizing (burning the extra carbon off of) it. A modern method for decarburizing the pig iron and refining it into steel is basic oxygen furnace. Historically there has been other methods as well, such as Bessemer converter, open hearth furnace and puddling furnace.

The gases rise up and are collected on the top of the furnace. As the gas contains a lot of carbon monoxide, it is a valuable fuel. The gas collected on the top of the blast furnace is called "blast furnace gas". It is then washed and dried and all solid particles such as soot or ore dust are collected. The gas is then burned in special ovens called "Cowper stoves" or "hot blast stoves" into carbon dioxide. The heat from burning the blast furnace gas is then used to pre-heat the blasting air, "wind", which in turn is blasted into the blast furnace itself.

The slag is not waste. It can be used in various ways. It can be made into bricks and used for construction, or it can be mixed with concrete. Concrete which contains blast furnace slag is stronger than ordinary concrete and is almost pure white, where normal concrete is dirty grey.

A blast furnace can usually work for 10 to 20 years without stopping. This is called a "campaign."

At the temperature of 900-1600°C, a reduction with carbon occurs:

Now iron has been made.

Włocławek

Włocławek is a town in northern Poland in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship with a population of 117,785 (June 2009). It has a large Jewish community. In 1939, when the Nazis invaded, the Jewish people of this town were the first to have to wear yellow Stars of David.

This town is twinned with the following places:

Hurricane Carla

Hurricane Carla was one of two Category 5 tropical cyclones. It hit the Texas shore in the 1961 Atlantic hurricane season as a Category 4 hurricane, becoming one of the most powerful storms to ever strike the United States. Hurricane Carla was the second strongest storm to ever hit the Texas shore. The storm caused over $2 billion (2005 US dollars) in damages, but because over 500,000 people who lived there moved out only 43 were killed.

A tropical depression started in the western Caribbean Sea on September 3 from a disturbance in the Intertropical Convergence Zone. It moved northwestward, to become Tropical Storm Carla on the 5th and "Hurricane" Carla on the 6th. After touching the Yucatán Peninsula as a weak hurricane, Carla moved into the Gulf of Mexico and headed for the U.S. Gulf Coast.

As it moved slowly across the Gulf of Mexico, Carla got stronger to its peak of 175 mph (280 km/h) winds (Category 5 intensity) on September 11. Just before landfall, it weakened, but Carla was still a very strong and unusually large Category 4 hurricane when it touched the shore between Port O'Connor and Port Lavaca, Texas, on the 11th. At the time, Carla became the largest hurricane on record in the Atlantic basin. Along the whole Texas shore, hurricane warnings were given, and people were moved out of their homes in low-lying areas.

Storm surge was measured at 22 feet (6.6 m) near the heads of bays, in some places reaching 10 miles inland. Because of its large size, the whole Texas shore was hit, and damage was seen as far away as Dallas. Winds were reported to be 115 mph in Matagorda, 110 mph in Victoria and 88 mph in Galveston. Wind gusts as high as 170 mph were recorded at Port Lavaca. Pressure at landfall was measured at 931 mb (hPa), making it the eighth most intense hurricane to strike the United States in the 20th century. Then little-known newsman Dan Rather reported live from the Galveston Seawall during the storm, an act that would be imitated by later reporters. This marked the first live television broadcast of a hurricane.
Much of the damage was done well away from the landfall site, as Carla caused one of the largest hurricane-related tornado outbreaks on record at the time, when 26 tornadoes touched down within its circulation. One F4 tornado ripped through downtown Galveston, killing several (sources differ on the exact number, varying from 6 to 12). Outside the protection of the Galveston Seawall, structures on the island were severely damaged by storm surge. Damage was reported as far east as the Mississippi River delta.

As Carla weakened, it dropped heavy rain in the Midwest, causing some flooding.

Carla killed 43 people, 31 of them in Texas. The low number of deaths was due to what was then the largest movement of people out of their homes in US history except during a war. One half million people moved inland from exposed coastal areas. Carla caused a total of $325 million (1961 USD, $2.36 billion 2010 USD) in damage, not much considering Carla's strength at landfall.

Owing to the intensity of and destruction by the storm, the name Carla was retired, and will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane. It was replaced by Carol in the 1965 season.



Shimane Prefecture

Shimane Prefecture is part of the San'in area. San'in means "the shady side of the mountains". There is a mountain range separating Shimane and neighboring Tottori from Hiroshima and Okayama. That means that the weather here is much wetter than further to the south.

The area of Shimane Prefecture includes the old provinces of Iwami Province, Izumo Province, and Oki Province. 

The history of Shimane starts with Japanese mythology. In these myths, the Shinto god Ōkuninushi lived in Izumo, an old province in Shimane. Izumo Shrine honors this god. 

Later on in the Kamakura period, the Kamakura Shogunate forced Emperor Gotoba and Emperor Godaigo into exile on Oki Island. Emperor Godaigo got away from Oki and successfully fought back against the shogunate.

During the Muromachi period, many clans fought over this area because there was a lot of silver. The Kyogoku clan controlled Izumo and Oki. However, after the Ōnin War, the Amago clan in Gassan-Toda castle increased in power, and the Masuda clan controlled Iwami. Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine was in between Amago clan territory and Masuda clan territory, so there were many battles between these lords for the large amount of silver. However, in 1566 Mouri Motonari (毛利元就) conquered Izumo, Iwami, and Oki. After over 30 years of Mori control, in 1600 Horio Yoshiharu entered Izumo and Oki after the Battle of Sekigahara which Mouri lost. Horio Yoshiharu decided to move and build Matsue Castle instead of Gassan-Toda. The castle was completed soon after Yoshiharu's death. Later in 1638, the grandson of Tokugawa Ieyasu, Matsudaira Naomasa entered the castle because the Horio clan had no heir. Matsudaira's family ruled until the end of the han system. 

The Iwami area was split into 3 clans. The mining district was under direct control of the Shogunate. The Hamada clan and the Tsuwano clan each controlled their own areas. Iwami Ginzan produced silver and was one of the nation's largest silver mine by the early 17th century. The Hamada clan was on the shogunate's side in the Meiji Restoration, and the castle was burned down. The Tsuwano clan, despite the Matsudaira (relative of the shogun) rule was on the emperor's side in the restoration.


Shimane faces the Sea of Japan on its north. Its southeastern border meets Tottori Prefecture, Hiroshima Prefecture and Yamaguchi Prefecture.


National Parks are established in about 6% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Izumo taisha", "Mononobe jinja", "Mizuwakasu jinja" and "Yurahime jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.


Matsue

Matsue (松江) is a city in Japan on the Japan Sea coast. It is the capital of Shimane Prefecture. It is known for its historic castle and as the home of Lafcadio Hearn.

Ōnin War

The was a civil war in Japan. It lasted 10 years, starting in 1467 and ending in 1477.

Hosokawa Katsumoto and Yamana Sōzen had a conflict that grew into a war throughout the country. The Ashikaga shogunate and some daimyo in many regions of Japan fought in this war. 

The conflict was the beginning of a very long struggle to dominate all of Japan. 


Jonny Wilkinson

Jonathan Peter Wilkinson OBE (born 25 May 1979) is an English rugby union player who now plays in France for Toulon. 

He was born at Frimley Park Hospital in Frimley, Surrey, He was grew up in Farnham 

He played for England when the team won the 2003 Rugby World Cup. He was awarded the MBE in 2003 and then the OBE in 2004.

Poul Anderson

Poul William Anderson (November 25, 1926 – July 31, 2001) was an American science fiction author. He began his career during the Golden Age of the genre and continued to write and remain popular into the 21st century. Anderson also wrote books of fantasy, historical novels, and a very large number of short stories. He received many awards for his writing, including seven Hugo Awards and three Nebula Awards.

Anderson received a degree in physics from the University of Minnesota in 1948. He married Karen Kruse in 1953. They had one daughter, Astrid, who is married to the science fiction author Greg Bear. Anderson was the sixth President of Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America, starting in 1972. 

He was a founding member of the Society for Creative Anachronism. Robert A. Heinlein dedicated his 1985 novel "The Cat Who Walks Through Walls" to Anderson and eight of the other members of the Citizens' Advisory Council on National Space Policy.

Poul Anderson died of cancer on July 31, 2001, after a month in the hospital. Several of his novels were published after his death.

Roblox

Roblox is an online video game and game creation system made by the Roblox on. It was created by David Baszucki and Erik Cassel in 2004 and released in 2006. The old name for "Roblox" was Dynablocks. 

Roblox allows players to create games and play games created by others, with many different types of games available. Roblox can be played on mobile, PC, Xbox and playstation. It cannot be played in a web browser, however. "Roblox" itself is free to play. Virtual accessories can be bought in the store using "Robux", a currency which costs real money to obtain but can also be earned by selling virtual items to other players.

"Roblox" has over 205 million monthly active players and began to grow fast in 2021. Roblox's popularity was falling from 16 December 2022. It had 55.1 million daily active users worldwide. This is an increase from 19.1 million daily active users by the end of 2019.Did you know 80,000,000 of them were an a actual an of them being a person! I know!!!!
In 1989 and 1989 and 1989 and 1989, Roblox was an interactive physics software which was lame. It was released by Knowledge Revolution. The company was founded by David Baszucki and co-owned by his brother Greg Baszucki. The software was designed to teach students about physics in a 2D space. In 2004, Roblox published its beta version to public. At that time, Roblox was called Dynablocks. It was known as Dynablocks until 2006 when the name was changed to Roblox. 

Roblox had a big change in 2006. In January 2006, Roblox made changes to become multiplayer. The API for this was not used until March 2006. In February 2006, Roblox left beta and was made free for all players. In September 2006, Roblox made changes to the multiplayer API so that players could make their own multiplayer games instead of the game being made by Roblox developers. In May 2007, the Roblox developers began making virtual items. Its first virtual item was a top hat. Roblox also started the Builders Club. This was a paid membership. Guest mode was introduced in 2008. This was for players that wanted to play Roblox without making an account. Higher forms of the Builders Club were started in 2009. These were known as the Turbo Builders Club and the Outrageous Builders Club. 

In 2010, Roblox Studio was changed so that game developers could understand its features easily. The next year, Roblox released its first commercial. The commercial had the well-known quote, ""IT'S FREE!""

On 1 April 2012, Roblox was hacked. It caused the Roblox website to be shut down that day. On 2 April 2012, the website was recovered. The hacking incident is mostly known as the 'April Fools Hacking Incident'.

In 2013, Roblox added dynamic lighting. Its purpose was to make the lighting in the game more realistic. This update received more updates over time. In June 2015, Roblox released Smooth Terrain. This made the terrain (such as sand, grass, water, etc.) look better. On 14 April 2016, the Roblox currency Tix was removed. In September 2016, Roblox released R15 to the public.In January 2017, Roblox changed their logo. The YouTube channel for the game also released a music video to showcase it. In October 2017, Roblox removed Guest Mode. In 2019, Builders Club was replaced with Roblox Premium.

In December 2020, Roblox announced that players would soon no longer need Premium to upload clothing. They would need to pay a fee for 10 Robux for each upload. The change was added in March 2021. In August 2021, Roblox bought the development team of a communication app known as Guilded for 90 million USD. In the same month, they chose some developers to test out voice chatting features.

At Roblox Developer Conference 2023, Roblox announced that it would be opening up to online dating for all Roblox players 17 and above.

In May 2021, an unknown user filed a class action lawsuit against the Roblox Corporation. The suit said that they were scamming players by not giving out refunds when banned items get deleted. In June 2021, a group of music publishers sued the Roblox company for mass copyright infringement (using many copyrighted songs without being allowed to), with the publishers seeking 200 million US dollars from them.

In May 2022, Roblox was once again sued. The users of Roblox added copyrighted content which led to Roblox removing all user-made audio longer than 6 seconds. Along with the update, they added more FX made by official developers as the community works towards getting audio and background music back. They also limited audio to 180 audio files a game.

Roblox lets its players create their own games using its own separate app, Roblox Studio. Players can build anything they want by using the Studio, and then publish their game to the Roblox website for anyone to play. Roblox encourages its players to create new games because every game is made by other users. 

Players on Roblox can buy virtual items from the Catalog using virtual currency named 'Robux'. This currency is obtained initially by buying a Roblox Premium membership or from a gift card. It can also be made by selling items like game passes or accessories to other players for Robux, as well as making clothing items or playing donation games. The currency can be used by players to buy accessories and items for their character. It can also be used for in-game benefits.

Another form of currency was the Tix, also known as Tickets. All players could get a few Tix each day that they log the game. They could trade those Tix for Robux. Tix were removed from the game in March 2016.

Builders Club was Roblox's first membership club which could only be used through a purchase. Builders Club gave its members more features in Roblox, such as earning its virtual currency called Robux, and the ability to trade items. Another thing players could do was sell Limited items (buy-able and sell-able items on the Avatar Shop). There were three types of Builders Club: Classic, Turbo, and Outrageous. Classic was the original Builders Club type and Outrageous was the newest. Players would either buy it monthly or annually. 

In 2019, Builder's Club was removed and replaced with Premium. Premium is very much like the original Builders Club except it gives players Robux every month instead of daily. Premium players also get access to perks in select games and get discounts from User-generated content.

Coco (2017 movie)

Coco is an Mexican-American computer-animated musical fantasy movie. 
It was made by Pixar. The director Lee Unkrich and Adrian Molina. The movie stars the voices of Anthony Gonzalez and Benjamin Bratt. 
The movie centers on a boy named Miguel who dreams of being a musician and is later taken to the afterlife on Día de los Muertos.
"Coco" was released on November 22, 2017. It was released with "Olaf's Frozen Adventure", a short movie that runs for about 14 minutes in theaters before "Coco" is shown.

Blimp

A blimp is a kind of airship. Some airships have a structure in them. They have no structure in them. They were used by the United States in WWII to fight against submarines. They are now used mostly for advertising.


Balloon (aircraft)

A balloon is a kind of aircraft that stays in the sky by floating. People fly in balloons mostly for fun.

A balloon is different from an airship. An airship is a floating aircraft that has an engine and can change its direction of movement. A balloon has no engine and has no way to change its direction of movement (except up and down). A balloon travels by moving with the wind.

The bottom of the balloon is called the "basket" where people can sit or stand.

The top of a balloon is a big cloth bag called the "envelope".

There are three kinds of balloon aircraft:

Benoît Mandelbrot

Benoît B. Mandelbrot (20 November 1924 – 14 October 2010) was a Polish-French-American mathematician. Mandelbrot was born in Warsaw into a Jewish-Lithuanian family. He is best known for his works with fractal geometry. He lived and worked until his death in the United States. He was a professor at the University of Yale. 

Mandelbrot was born in Warsaw, Poland. His family lived in France under German occupation. He died of pancreatic cancer at the age of 85 in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

His most known development is the Mandelbrot set, which he discovered and described in 1979.

Echolocation

Echolocation is a way that some animals use to determine the location of things. They emit sound waves and listen for the echo. They use the delay to determine the distance. It is a kind of biological sonar. 

Microbats find their insect prey in the dark this way. Whales and dolphins are two other kinds of mammals that use echolocation. Their sound waves go through the water, while the bats' sound waves go through the air.

Radar is man-made echolocation using radio waves.

Greg Bear

Gregory Dale Bear (August 20, 1951 – November 19, 2022) was an American science fiction author. He wrote about war across the galaxy, artificial universes, consciousness, and evolution.

Bear was born in San Diego, California. From 1968 to 1973 he attended San Diego State University, where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree. In 1975, he married Christina M. Nielson, but they divorced in 1981. He remarried in 1983, to Astrid Anderson, the daughter of science fiction author Poul Anderson. They have two children, Erik and Alexandra. They live outside of Seattle, Washington.

Bear is often called a hard science fiction author because he uses many scientific details in his work.

Bear often answers major questions in contemporary science and culture with fictional solutions. For example, "The Forge of God" tries to explain the Fermi paradox. If the galaxy is filled with intelligences that could be very dangerous, young civilizations could only survive by staying quiet so nobody would notice them and attack. In "Queen of Angels" Bear examines crime, guilt and punishment in society. He does this by examining consciousness and awareness. Part of the novel is about highly advanced computers that begging to become intelligent and aware of themselves as they communicate with humans. In the two books "Darwin's Radio" and "Darwin's Children" he writes about the problem of overpopulation with a mutation the human genome making, basically a new series of humans. The books bring up the question of cultural acceptance of something brand new that cannot be stopped.

One of Bear's favorite themes is how observers effect or create reality. In "Blood Music" reality becomes unstable as the number of observers–trillions of intelligent single-cell organisms–gets higher and higher. Both "Anvil of Stars"–a sequel to "The Forge of God"–and "Moving Mars" propose a physics based on information exchange between particles, capable of being altered at the "bit level." (Bear has credited the inspiration for this idea to Frederick Kantor's 1967 treatise, "Information Mechanics.") In "Moving Mars" this knowledge is used to remove Mars from the solar system and transfer it to an orbit around a distant star.

"Blood Music" (first published as a short story in 1983, and expanded to a novel in 1985) has also been credited as being the first account of nanotechnology in science fiction. The short story described microscopic medical machines. He described DNA as a computer system that could be changed. In "Queen of Angels" and "Slant", Bear gives a detailed description of a near-future nanotechnological society. This historical sequence continues with "Heads"–which may contain the first description of a "quantum logic computer"–and with "Moving Mars". These books also show the historical development of self-awareness in AIs. One AI character called Jill is in all of these books. Bear was influenced by Robert A. Heinlein's self-aware computer Mycroft Holmes ("High-Optional, Logical, Multi-Evaluating Supervisor") in "The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress" when creating Jill.

More recent works, such as the two novels Darwin's Radio and Darwin's Children stick closely to the known facts of molecular biology of viruses and evolution. These books are about the impact of a strange disease that appears to make evolutionary transitions happen. Bear includes some very speculative ideas, but he wrote about them so carefully that "Darwin's Radio" gained praise in the science journal "Nature".

Bear, Gregory Benford, and David Brin wrote a series of three novels that take place before Isaac Asimov's famous "Foundation" series. Bear is named as the author of the second of the three books.

While most of Bear's writing is science fiction, he also wrote in other genres. Two of his early works, "The Infinity Concerto" and "The Serpent Mage"are clearly fantasies. These are now published together as one novel called "Songs of Earth and Power". "Psychlone" is horror. Bear called his story "Dead Lines" a "high-tech ghost story." He has received many accolades, including five Nebula awards and two Hugo awards for science fiction.

Bear died from multiple strokes on November 19, 2022, at the age of 71.
















Keigo Higashi

Higashi was born in Kitakyushu on July 20, 1990. He joined J1 League club Oita Trinita from their youth team in 2009. He played many matches as offensive midfielder from first season. However Oita was relegated to J2 League end of the 2009 season. In 2011, he moved to Omiya Ardija and played in 2 seasons. In 2013, he moved to FC Tokyo.

In July 2012, Higashi was selected to the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. At this tournament, he wore the number 10 shirt for Japan and played all 6 matches. The team finished 4th place.

318||32||19||6||42||3||11||0||390||41
318||32||19||6||42||3||11||0||390||41

Serval

The serval ("Leptailurus serval") is a medium-sized wild cat which lives in sub-Saharan Africa. It is the only species in its genus.

The serval has the longest legs of all cats, relative to its size. Not only can it run fast, but it is an amazing jumper: two to three metres from a standing start.

Its length as an adult is about 32 inches (body) and 16 inches (tail). It weighs about four pounds. There are a number of subspecies, and its geographical range is from the Cape of South Africa to Algeria, wherever the circumstances are right for it.

It is lightly built, with very large ears and long legs. The back of the ears is black with a big white spot, and the tip of the tail is black. These signs serve as signals to other servals, including kittens.

The serval needs access to water, and dense grassland. Reed beds, scrub or high grass are typical habitats. It is territorial.

The serval is nocturnal, and hunts mostly at night. The serval is an opportunistic predator whose diet includes rodents, hares, hyraxes, birds, reptiles, insects, fish, and frogs.

As part of its adaptations for hunting in the savannas, the serval's long legs help it achieve a top speed of 80 kilometres per hour (50 mph), and has large ears with acute hearing. Its long legs and neck allow the serval to see over tall grasses, while its ears are used to detect prey, even those burrowing underground. Servals have been known to dig into burrows in search of underground prey, and to leap 2 to 3 metres (7 to 10 ft) into the air to grab birds in flight. Using its spectacular jumping ability, the serval leaps into the air and bats the bird with its front paws. When the bird is on the ground, it bites its neck, killing it.

Like most cats, the serval is a solitary animal. It travels as much as each night in search of food. The female defends home ranges of , depending on local prey availability. The male defends larger territories of , and marks its territory by spraying urine onto bushes.

0.999...

0.999... (also written as 0. or 0., and read as "0 point 9 repeating") is one of the ways the number 1 (one) can be written. Even though it is written like this, no matter how many nines there are before the ellipsis, it is still equal in value to 1.

0.999... is a repeating decimal, which means the digit "9" is repeated forever. It is different from 0.999, which only has three 9s.

0.999... can also be written as
formula_1 or
formula_2.

It is hard for many people to understand why 0.999... is the same as 1. There are many proofs that show why they are the same number, but many of these proofs are very complex.

One simple way of showing that 0.999... and 1 are the same thing is to divide them both by the number 3. When 0.999... is divided by 3, the answer is 0.333..., which is the same as formula_3 (the fraction one third).

When 1 is divided by 3, the answer is formula_5. Since the answers are the same, that means that 0.999... and 1 are the same. Another way of thinking about it is if formula_6 and formula_7, then formula_8 therefore, as formula_9, 0.999... must also equal 1. There are many other ways of showing this.

Another way of proving that 0.999... = 1 is by accepting the simple fact that if two numbers are different, there must be at least one number between them. For example, a number between 1 and 2 is 1.5, and a number between 0.9 and 1 is 0.95. Since 0.999... has an infinite number of 9s, there cannot be another number after the "last" 9, meaning there is no number between 0.999... and 1. Therefore, they are equal.

One more common proof is such:

formula_10

formula_11

formula_12

formula_13

formula_14

formula_15

formula_16

As the Internet developed, arguments about 0.999... are often on newsgroups and message boards. Even newsgroups and message boards that do not have much to do with math argue about this. In the newsgroup sci.math, arguing about 0.999... is a "popular sport". It is also one of the questions in its FAQ.



Ophthalmosauridae

Ophthalmosauridae were a family of Ichthyosaurs which lived from the Middle Jurassic to the Upper Cretaceous period.

Within Ophthalmosauridae there are two lineages, one including "Aegirosaurus" and "Ophthalmosaurus", and the other including "Brachypterygius", "Caypullisaurus" and "Platypterygius".

Only three genera survived the end-Jurassic extinction event: "Caypullisaurus", "Maiaspondylus", and "Platypterygius". They did, however, have a worldwide distribution. The last to survive was "Platypterygius". This genus became extinct about 30 million years before the end of the Upper Cretaceous period. It happened when there was a deep ocean anoxic event, which wiped out all the animals below pelagic waters. Ichthyosaurs, being reptiles, came to the surface to breath, but the extinction event removed their prey species.

Anoxic event

An anoxic event (AE) is an event in which parts of the ocean have become low in oxygen (O) below the surface levels, or when all the oxygen has gone. They may be called oceanic anoxic events or deep ocean anoxic events.

Major anoxic events have happened, though not for millions of years. The geological record of organic-rich sediment (black shales) shows that they happened in the past. However, only "in rare, extreme cases, [did] euxinia lead to biotic crises. [The] hypothesis [is] best supported by evidence from the end-Permian mass extinction".

Anoxic events may have caused mass extinctions. These mass extinctions were so characteristic that they have been used by geologists as markers in biostratigraphic dating. Typically, oceanic anoxic events last for under half a million years, before a full recovery.

There are several places on earth today that show the features of anoxic events on a localized level. 'Dead zones' exist off the East Coast of the United States in the Chesapeake Bay, in the Scandinavian strait Kattegat, the Black Sea, in the northern Adriatic and off the coast of Louisiana.

It is not known why anoxic events may have happened. Some ideas include:


All of these events may have caused mass extinction in the seas, changing ways in which all animals which feed on sea creatures.


Metriacanthosaurus

Metriacanthosaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived in Europe during the Middle Jurassic period, about 160 million years ago. Its name means "Moderate-spined lizard", because its back vertebrae are taller than other meat-eating dinosaurs such as "Allosaurus", but shorter than those of other meat-eating dinosaurs, such as "Acrocanthosaurus". Like most theropods, "Metriacanthosaurus" was a meat-eater. It had three fingers on each hand. Each finger ended in a sharp, hook-like claw that was used to grab prey before giving the killing bite with its jaws. It probably preyed on the large, long-necked sauropods, such as "Pelorosaurus", that lived in the same time and place as it. It was originally classified as a megalosaurid, but recent studies show that it belongs to its own family, the Metriacanthosauridae

In "Jurassic Park", one of the vials of dinosaur DNA that Dennis Nedry steals is labeled "Metriacanthosaurus".

Acrocanthosaurus

Acrocanthosaurus was a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived in North America during the Lower Cretaceous period. Its name means "high-spined lizard." This refers to the spines on its vertebrae, which formed a sail or hump when the animal was alive.

Its classification is uncertain. It was originally classified as a spinosaur because the spines on its back looked like those of "Spinosaurus". However, "Acrocanthosaurus" is now classified as a carnosaur. Most paleontologists believe that it was a carcharodontosaurid.

"Acrocanthosaurus" was 38 feet long, almost as large as "Tyrannosaurus rex", and weighed about 6 or 7 short tons. It was the largest theropod in North America before the evolution of the tyrannosaurs.

Long, low ridges start at the nasal bones. They run along each side of the snout from the nostril back to the eye, and they continue onto the lacrimal bones. This is a characteristic feature of all allosaurids.

A famous trackway in Paluxy, Texas shows tracks of what might be an "Acrocanthosaurus" and its prey. While interesting and plausible, this hypothesis is difficult to prove, and other explanations exist.

"Acrocanthosaurus" was featured in an episode of the television documentary "Monsters Resurrected". It was depicted as the top predator in early Cretaceous North America. A juvenile was scared away from its kill by a pack of "Deinonychus", and was forced to hunt more difficult prey, such as a "Sauropelta".

Flood basalt

A flood basalt or trap basalt is the result of a giant volcanic eruption or series of eruptions that coats large stretches of land or the ocean floor with basalt lava.

Flood basalts have covered areas as large as a continent in prehistory, creating great plateaus and mountain ranges. Flood basalts have erupted at various times throughout Earth history. They are clear evidence that the Earth has periods of higher activity rather than being in a uniform steady state.

One explanation for flood basalts is that they are caused by the combination of continental rifting and its associated melting. Then a mantle plume produces vast quantities of a basaltic magma. These have a low viscosity, which is why they 'flood' rather than form taller volcanoes.

Flood basalts start at between 100 and 400 km depth, in the asthenosphere. To get a partial melting as large as that of the traps, expelling huge quantities of lava, it is necessary to have a large heat input. Such melting can take place near a hotspot, resulting in a mixture of magma from the depths of the hotspot with superficial magma produced by a mantle plume.

A lava plateau is a flat, wide surface (plateau) that is formed when lava comes out of the ground and spreads out very quickly. The layers of lava can build up over time to form a lava plateau. Here are the general properties of lava plateaux:


The Emeishan Traps in southwestern China, around Sichuan province, the Deccan Traps of central India, the Siberian Traps, and the Columbia River Plateau of western North America are four large regions covered by prehistoric flood basalts. The two largest flood basalt events in historic time have been at Eldgjá and Lakagigar, both in Iceland. The largest and best-preserved continental flood basalt terrain on Earth is part of the Mackenzie Large Igneous Province in Canada. The maria on the Moon are additional, even more extensive, flood basalts. Flood basalts on the ocean floor produce oceanic plateaus.

The surface covered by one eruption can vary from around 200,000 km² (Karoo) to 1,500,000 km² (Siberian Traps). The thickness can vary from 2000 metres (Deccan Traps) to 12,000 m (Lake Superior). These are smaller than the original volumes due to erosion.

Another example of a lava plateau is the Giant's Causeway, in County Antrim, Northern Ireland. This is was originally part of a great volcanic plateau called the Thulean Plateau.

Monterrey

Monterrey is a city in northern Mexico. It is the capital of the state Nuevo León. It is the third largest city in Mexico. It has 2,056,538 people.

Siberian Traps

The Siberian Traps form a large region of volcanic rock, known as a large igneous province, in the Russian region of Siberia. 

The large eruptions which formed the traps were one of the largest known volcanic events of the last 500 million years of Earth history. They continued for a million years and spanned the Permian-Triassic boundary, about 251 to 250 million years ago. It was the same time as the Permian–Triassic extinction event, which is estimated to have killed 90% of species existing at the time. The eruption of the Siberian Traps is a possible cause of this "Great Dying".

The term "traps" is derived from the Swedish word for stairs ("trappa", or sometimes "trapp"), referring to the step-like hills forming the landscape of the region, which is typical of flood basalts.

Vast volumes of basaltic lava paved over a large expanse of primaeval Siberia in a flood basalt event. Today the area covered is about 2 million km² – roughly equal to western Europe in land area – and estimates of the original coverage are as high as 7 million km². The original volume of lava is estimated to range from 1 to 4 million km³.

The source of the Siberian Traps basalt was, probably, a mantle plume at the base of the crust which erupted through the Siberian craton (the oldest part of the Siberian continental plate). Helium isotope analysis from the basalts indicates a plume origin. The scientific debate continues. There is a minority controversial theory which argues that the traps were caused by a large asteroid impact.

This massive eruptive event spanned the Permian-Triassic boundary, about 250 million years ago, and is widely cited as a cause of the Permian-Triassic extinction event. This extinction event, also called the Great Dying, affected all life on Earth, and is estimated to have killed 90% of species living at the time. Life on land took 30 million years to recover from the environmental disruptions caused by the eruption of the Siberian Traps.

The Siberian Traps are considered to have erupted through numerous vents over a period of a million years or more, probably east and south of Norilsk in Siberia. The giant Norilsk nickel-copper-palladium deposit formed within the magma flows in the main Siberian Traps. The presence of extensive tuff and pyroclastic deposits suggests that a number of large explosive eruptions occurred during or before the eruptions of basaltic lavas. The presence of silicic volcanic rocks such as rhyolite is also indicative of explosive eruptions.



College of Marin

The College of Marin is a community college in Marin County, California, U.S.. It has one campus in Kentfield and another in Novato.

Tellurium(II) chloride

Tellurium(II) chloride, also known as tellurium dichloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TeCl. It contains tellurium in its +2 oxidation state. It also contains chloride ions. 

Tellurium(II) chloride is a black solid. It absorbs water. It can be oxidized to tellurium(IV) chloride. It reacts with water.


Tellurous acid

Tellurous acid is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HTeO. It contains hydrogen and tellurite ions. It can be made by reacting tellurium dioxide with water. It is not made as easily as telluric acid.

It is a weak oxidizing agent and a weak reducing agent. It easily turns back into tellurium dioxide and water. It is a weak acid. It reacts with bases to make tellurites.


Tellurium(IV) chloride

Tellurium(IV) chloride, also known as tellurium tetrachloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TeCl. It contains tellurium in its +4 oxidation state. It also contains chloride ions.

Tellurium(IV) chloride is a pale yellow solid. It melts easily to a red liquid. It evaporates easily. It reacts with water to make tellurium dioxide and hydrochloric acid. It is toxic and corrosive.

Tellurium(IV) chloride is made by reacting tellurium powder and chlorine.

It is used in making organic compounds.


Tellurium chloride

Tellurium chloride may refer to either of these chemical compounds:


U.S. Route 78

U.S. Route 78 is an east–west highway. It goes from Memphis, Tennessee to Charleston, South Carolina.

Kim Clijsters

Kim Clijsters (; born 8 June 1983)is a Belgian retired tennis player. She used to be ranked as the World No. 1. On 22 August 2011 she was ranked third in the world.

U.S. Route 25

U.S. Route 25 is a US highway in the east part of the United States of America. It goes from north to south. The road begins in Cincinnati, Ohio, at the Ohio River and ends in Brunswick, Georgia, close to the Atlantic Ocean.

Asheville, North Carolina

Asheville is the county seat of Buncombe County, North Carolina. It is located where the Swannanoa River and the French Broad River meet. The population of Asheville was counted as 94,589 in 2020. Asheville is the largest city in the North Carolina mountains.

June Cleaver

June Cleaver is a literary reference meaning "the perfect stay-at-home mom" referring to the mother in the U.S. television show "Leave it to Beaver" which was released from 1957 to 1963. Women writers viewing the show sometimes had difficulty living up to or agreeing with such a feminine mystique. June Cleaver is often referred to in remarks justifying a messy home such as “June Cleaver made having a spotless house look so effortless . . .” The character was played by actress Barbara Billingsley, a lifelong resident of Los Angeles county, California, U.S.A.

Jack Tweed

Jack’ Tweed (born 9 June 1987) is a British television personality.

Tweed started his career as Jade Goody's partner. He became widely known in 2007 after being on "Celebrity Big Brother UK". He caused controversy when he called housemate Shilpa Shetty a "cunt" and "Paki" and said that she should remove objects from the toilet with her teeth. After "Celebrity Big Brother", Goody miscarried his child in 2007. He married her on 22 February 2009 and she died of cervical cancer a month later. He appeared in 2010 ITV2 programme "The Only Way Is Essex". In 2010, he had a relationship with Chanelle Hayes.

Tweed has had several legal issues. These include an 18-month prison sentence in September 2008 for assault occasioning actual bodily harm for attacking a 16-year-old boy with a golf club in December 2006. In March 2009, he was found guilty of common assault for attacking a taxi driver in May 2008. He was tried for the rape of a 19-year-old woman in April 2010, but found not guilty. In January 2011 he punched a man, for which he was convicted of common assault in August 2011.

Quadrilateral

In Euclidean plane geometry, a quadrilateral is a polygon with four edges (or sides) and four vertices (or corners). Sometimes, the term quadrangle is used (similar to the term "triangle"), while other times, the term tetragon is used (similar to pentagon, 5-sided polygon, and hexagon, 6-sided polygon). A quadrilateral with vertices formula_1, formula_2, formula_3, formula_4 is sometimes written as formula_5.

The origin of the word quadrilateral is the two Latin words "quadri", a variant of four, and "latus", meaning "side".

Quadrilaterals can be either complex, also called crossed (self-intersecting), or simple (not self-intersecting). Simple quadrilaterals are either convex or concave.

All the sides of a quadrilateral are straight, and the interior angles of a quadrilateral add up to 360°.

This is a special case of the "n"-gon interior angle sum formula: ("n" − 2) × 180°.

All non-self-crossing quadrilaterals tile the plane, by repeated rotation around the midpoints of their edges.

There are 6 special kinds of quadrilaterals; square, rectangle, rhombus, parallelogram, kite, and trapezoid. Technically, squares, rectangles, and rhombuses are types of parallelograms.


Yangchuanosaurus

Yangchuanosaurus was a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Jurassic of China. It was a fairly typical carnosaur, with a large head, sharp, serrated teeth, and relatively short arms (though not as short as those of "Tyrannosaurus"). It was the largest predator in its part of the world. "Yangchuanosaurus" probably preyed on sauropods, such as "Mamenchisaurus", or stegosaurs, such as "Tuojiangosaurus".

There are two species. "Y. zigongensis" is from the Middle Jurassic, and "Y. shangyouensis" is from the Upper Jurassic. Specimens were collected from the Dashanpu Dinosaur Quarry of Zigong, Sichuan.

The Middle Jurassic "Y. zigongensis" is known from four incomplete specimens. There are two specimens of the Upper Jurassic "Y. shangyouensis", which were at first put into separate species. Later analysis showed they were probably different ages or variations of the same species.

The first skull is 82 cm (2.7 ft) long, and its total body length about 8 m (26 ft). The other specimen was even larger. It had a skull length of 1.11 m (3.6 ft). It may have been up to 10.8 m (35.4 ft) long, and weighed as much as 3.4 metric tons (3.7 short tons). There was a bony knob on its nose and multiple hornlets and ridges, similar to "Ceratosaurus". It had a massive tail that was about half its length.

Pelorosaurus

Pelorosaurus conybeari is the name given to a few sauropod dinosaur bones from the Lower Cretaceous period, about 138–112 million years ago. 

Bones of "Pelorosaurus" have been found in England and Portugal. It was a Brachiosaur, with front legs that were longer than its hind legs. 

The name has been challenged, and has been the subject of long-lasting dispute. Some palaeontologists prefer the name Cetiosaurus brevis.

The taxonomic status of "Pelorosaurus" is as a result very problematic. Technically, "Cetiosaurus brevis" is its type species. The position of "Pelorosaurus" is further undermined by the fact that several researchers hold that the genus is a "nomen dubium" ('doubtful name').

"Pelorosaurus" was one of the first dinosaurs described, and the naming procedures were not so well-developed at the time. Its life-style is assumed to be similar to other brachiosaurs, eating from the higher branches of tall conifer trees.

Pope Leo X

Pope Leo X (; 11 December 1475 – 1 December 1521), born Giovanni di Lorenzo de' Medici, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 218th Pope from 1513 to his death in 1521.

Giovanni de Medici was born in Florence. He was the second son of Lorenzo the Magnificent.

He studied theology and canon law at Pisa from 1489 to 1491.

Six days after his election as pope in 1513, Medici was ordained as a priest.

Two days after his ordination and eight days after his election as pope in 1513, Medici was made a bishop.
At the age of 13, Pope Innocent VIII named Medici cardinal in 1489.

Cardinal Medici was elected pope on 9 March 1513. On the 15 March he was ordained priest, and he was consecrated as bishop on March 17. He was crowned Pope on 19 March at the age of 37.

Pope Leo was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

Leo was a patron of Michelangelo and Raphael.



Crumpet

A crumpet is a kind of flat, small round bread that is raised by yeast. They are about the same size as an English muffin. They are made in crumpet rings that are four inches wide and usually one inch deep. Crumpets are usually baked on a griddle and served toasted. A well-baked crumpet has a brown bottom and a spongey top that has many tiny holes. Crumpets are toasted whole, while English muffins are split and then toasted. After the baking, crumpets are spread with butter or cream and jam. 

The word of crumpet may come from the Middle English word "crompid" (cake), or "curled" (cake). Or it may come from the past participle of the Middle English verb "crumpen", which means to curl up. It could also have come from "crumb", "crump", or "crooked", all Old English. Crumpet is also used as British slang for a particularly sexually attractive woman. It Australian slang, it is part of the expression: "not worth a crumpet", meaning that somebody or something is useless.

The first recipe for crumpets was long ago, referred to frequently as the "crompid cake" by many. The Oxford English Dictionary traced the history back to 1382.

The Oxford Companion to Food also says that the earliest published recipe for crumpets was by Elizabeth Raffald, in 1769. There, the "crompid cake" is mentioned as well with buckwheat griddle cakes so it is believed that there is a connection between crumpets and the buckwheat pancake.

Elizabeth Raffald mentions it in her book of "The Experienced English Housekeeper". Her recipe is very similar to the modern crumpet recipe, especially in the baking, buttering, and serving.

Edam cheese

Edam is a type of Dutch cheese. It is named after the town that it comes from, Edam in the Netherlands. Edam cheese is pale yellow. It is often sold in round pieces, covered in red paraffin wax. Edam that is sold in the Netherlands (and not exported) does not usually have wax on it.

The Night Angel Trilogy

The Night Angel Trilogy is a series of fantasy novels written by Brent Weeks. The first book in the series, "The Way of Shadows", was published in October 2008, and the third book, "Beyond the Shadows", was published in December 2008.


Taylor Chorney

Taylor Chorney (born April 27, 1987) is a Canadian-born American professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Edmonton Oilers and St. Louis Blues.

He was drafted by the Edmonton Oilers with the 36th overall pick in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. He previously played at the University of North Dakota. He also was on Team USA at the 2006 World Junior Championships. Chorney represented the USA again in the 2007 World Juniors, where he was team captain. He made his NHL debut on April 10, 2009 against the Calgary Flames. He recorded his first NHL point in his first game of the 2009-10 season, by assisting one of Zack Stortini's two goals on October 12, 2009 on the road against the Nashville Predators.

His father, Marc, played 210 games in the NHL for the Pittsburgh Penguins and Los Angeles Kings.

On July 1, 2014, Chorney signed one-year, two-way contract with the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Homology

A homologous trait is any characteristic which is derived by evolution from a common ancestor. This is contrasted to analogous traits: similarities between organisms that were evolved separately. 

The term existed before 1859, but got its modern meaning after Darwin established the idea of common descent.
The pre-Darwinian naturalists Cuvier, Geoffroy and Richard Owen, also used the idea.

A homologous trait is often called a homologue (also spelled homolog). In genetics, the term "homologue" is used both to refer to a homologous protein, and to the gene (DNA sequence) encoding it.

According to Russell, we owe to Richard Owen the first clear distinction between homologous and analogous organs. Owen's definitions were:

The distinction is made clear by examples such as the ear ossicles of mammals. These little bones have, in the course of several hundred million years of evolution, made their way from the gill covers of fish to the rear jaw bones of Synapsids to their present position in the ear of mammals. In the fossil record is evidence of this, and also in embryology. As the embryo develops, the cartilage hardens to form bone. Later in development, tiny bone structures break loose from the jaw and migrate to the inner ear area. The ear ossicles are homologous with the jaw bones and the gill covers, but not analogous.

This rather extraordinary story was first proposed in 1818 by Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire, who looked at fish and tried to discover the homologies of their bones with that of land vertebrates.

"A trait may be both homologous and analogous", depending on the level at which the trait is examined. For example, the wings of birds and bats are homologous as "forearms" in tetrapods. However, they are not homologous as "wings", because the organ served as a forearm (not a wing) in the last common ancestor of tetrapods. 

By definition, any homologous trait defines a clade–a monophyletic taxon in which all the members have the trait (or have lost it secondarily); and all non-members lack it.


Conserved sequences of DNA, RNA and proteins can be used to decide homologies between organisms.



In evolutionary developmental biology, the concept of deep homology is used to describe cases where growth and differentiation are controlled by genetic mechanisms that are homologous and deeply conserved across a wide range of species. Textbook examples common to metazoa include the homeotic genes that control differentiation along the body, and pax genes (especially PAX6) involved in the development of the eye and other sensory organs.

An algorithm identifies deeply homologous genetic modules in unicellular organisms, plants, and non-human animals based on phenotypes (such as traits and developmental defects). The technique aligns phenotypes across organisms based on the homology of genes involved in the phenotypes.

Discovery Channel

Discovery Channel (known as The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995, and often referred to as simply Discovery) is an American cable channel owned by Warner Bros. Discovery, a publicly traded company run by CEO David Zaslav. As of June 2012, Discovery Channel was the third most widely distributed subscription channel in the United States, behind now-sibling channel , , , , , and . it is available in 409 million households worldwide, through its U.S. flagship channel and its various owned or licensed television channels internationally.

It initially provided documentary television programming focused primarily on popular science, technology, and history, but by the 2010s had expanded into reality television and pseudo-scientific entertainment.

As of September 2018, Discovery Channel is available to approximately 88,589,000 pay television households in the United States.

The Last Day of the Dinosaurs

The Last Day of the Dinosaurs is a 2010 Discovery Channel television documentary about the extinction of the dinosaurs. It portrays the asteroid as the cause of the extinction.


In the Pacific Northwest of North America, a "Quetzalcoatlus" is flying above the landscape, looking for food. It finds a nest of "Tyrannosaurus" babies that have just hatched. It picks them up in its beak and starts eating them. Suddenly, the father appears and starts fighting the "Quetzalcoatlus". He grabs it by the wing, but it manages to escape. 

Meanwhile, the asteroid is getting closer to Earth. The narrator says that it was caused by the collision of two asteroids 150 million years ago. One of the fragments is heading towards Earth.

In the Pacific Northwest, two male "Triceratops" fight for mating rights. One of them wins. The loser walks away. Suddenly, two "T. rexes" attack and kill the "Triceratops". They start feeding on its carcass.

In what is today central Mexico, a herd of "Alamosaurus" is roaming the plains in search of food. They are giants, even by dinosaur standards. They are 60 feet long and 40 feet tall, and they weigh 30 tons. Their huge size demands that they eat a lot of vegetation to maintain their bulk. Meanwhile, the asteroid enters the Earth's atmosphere. It is burning brighter than a million suns. The scorching light sears the "Alamosaurus"' eyeballs, blinding them. 

Then the asteroid hits the Earth in the Gulf of Mexico, near the Yucatan Peninsula. In a fraction of a second, it disentegrates into the planet. The air temperature near the crash site now reaches 600 degrees Fahrenheit. The "Alamosaurus" are burned alive. In the Pacific Northwest, the "Quetzalcoatlus" can see the impact.

Meanwhile, Mongolia is 8,000 miles away from the point of impact. A herd of "Charonosaurus" is drinking at a watering hole. They are protecting their eggs. Suddenly, a "Troodon" appears. Its brain-to-body weight ratio is among the highest of any dinosaur. It steals an egg, but is seen by the mother. It runs into a cave. A second "Saurornithoides" is in the cave. The two predators start chasing the "Charonosaurus". They jump on its neck and slash with their retractable toe claws, killing their prey. Then they start feasting on the carcass.

Millions of tons of dust and rock were thrown up into the air by the asteroid's impact. This is the ejecta cloud. In Mongolia, the ejecta cloud causes the temperature to become hotter. As the air temperature reaches 120 degrees, the "Troodons" run inside the cave. The temperature ticks upward every second. The "Charonosaurus" go into the cave. Inside the cave, it is cooler. However, the "Charonosaurus" and "Troodon" are forced to share the cave with each other, even though they are enemies.

Back in the Pacific Northwest, fires burn across the forest floor at 9 miles per hour. The "Tyrannosaurus" and the "Triceratops" are running to get away from the fire. The panicked animals race up the valley slopes. 

In Mongolia, the temperatures are finally starting to decrease. The "Troodon" run outside and start feeding on a "Charonosaurus" corpse. Soon, the "Charonosaurus" follow. However, one stays near the protection of the cave. However, the dinosaurs are not safe yet. The ejecta cloud has caused a huge sandstorm. As it hits, the "Troodons" are small enough to crouch for cover. But the "Charonosaurus" are out in the open. The harder they struggle and the deeper they gasp for oxygen, the more sand fills their lungs, until finally, they can't breathe. It's hours before the winds die down. The last "Charonosaurus", protected once again by the cave, finds that it's the last of the herd. But it's not the last remaining dinosaur in the neighborhood. The "Troodons" were sheltered from the worst of the storm. They have survived.

Instinct drives the "Troodon" back to their prime hunting spot, the watering hole, where the last remaining "Charonosaurus" is drinking. The "Troodon" are desperate for food. One of them has the confidence to attack. The "Troodon" runs to the"Charonosaurus" and leaps on it. It starts slashing at its neck. The "Charonosaurus" is still too exhausted to run. Suddenly, the "Charonosaurus" crashes to the ground, crushing the "Troodon" to death under its weight. The remaining "Troodon" starts eating the dead body of its companion.

A week after impact, food is in very short supply across the entire planet. In the Pacific Northwest, two "Triceratops" are searching for food. Their hunger drives them to the Pacific coast. They see an island. Protected from the fires by the surrounding ocean, the island is lush and green. It has all the food that the "Triceratops" need. But when the asteroid hit the Earth, it caused an earthquake under the ocean. This causes a huge tsunami. The ocean is dragged back hundreds of feet. The path to the island is suddenly dry land. The "Triceratops" walk across the land bridge to the island. However, the tsunami crashes down on them, flooding the land. The "Triceratops" drown.

In the days and weeks that follow, few dinosaurs remain. In Mongolia, the starving "Charonosaurus" stays close to the cave that has saved it twice in the past. Suddenly, it collapses, but not from starvation. Bubbling to the surface from hot springs is one of nature's most toxic gases; Hydrogen Sulfide. The "Troodon" runs up to the dead "Charonosaurus". Then it too dies from inhaling the poisonous gas.

In the Pacific Northwest, only a handful of dinosaurs patrol the gray wasteland. An "Ankylosaurus", severely weakened by hunger, is searching for food. All it can find is a small bush. But even that won't come without a fight. A "Triceratops" roars at the "Ankylosaurus". Suddenly, a "T. rex" appears. It roars at the herbivores. Then it kills the "Triceratops". The "Ankylosaurus" tries to defend itself with its heavy tail club, but it's too weak to fight. The "Tyrannosaurus" flips the "Ankylosaurus" over and bites its soft underbelly, killing it. Then the "Tyrannosaurus" collapses from hunger. It falls on the "Triceratops"' horn and is impaled by it after tripping over the Ankylosaurus. 

In Mexico, the first region to be hit by the asteroid, life still remains. Buried in the cool ground inside its egg, an "Alamosaurus" baby has survived. And so has an adult "Alamosaurus". All around the world, small handfuls of dinosaurs try to start over. But their species are already considered extinct. In order to survive, any species needs to maintain a critical mass of population. If it falls below that threshold, then there's no way to climb back from certain extinction.

But life on Earth is not completely destroyed. Out of the ruins, nature starts over. A group of animals that have long been limited in success by the dinosaurs now become the new rulers of the Earth: mammals. Eventually, they multiply and diversify. 10,000 species explode across the planet. And one species, humans, branches off from its relatives and comes down from the trees. They walk on two legs, evolve bigger brains, and eventually, they rule the planet. They build cities that touch the sky, vehicles that can leave the planet, and weapons that can destroy it.

In the end, the narrator says that humans would never have existed if a chance collision in space 150 million years ago had not occurred, sending an asteroid hurtling towards Earth and dooming the dinosaurs to extinction.




Charonosaurus

Charonosaurus was a genus of hadrosaur that lived at the very end of the Upper Cretaceous, about 65 million years ago. Its remains were found in China. 

The partial skull resembles that of "Parasaurolophus" from North America. This does "not" suggest a Bering land bridge existed during the Cretaceous period, since at that time North America was far away from Eastern Asia. Instead, it is likely that this group of hadrosaurs all had a similar long, backward-projecting hollow crest. It may have been used for trumpeting their calls. In other words, their skull shape was a basal feature.

"Charonosaurus" was a very large lambeosaurine hadrosaur (estimated around 13 m (42.5 ft) long), known from a partial skull found in Heilongjiang Province, northeastern China. Adult and juvenile hadrosaur remains were found in the same area. They give information on the rest of the skeleton; the femur length was up to 1.35 m. (4.5 ft). 

"Charonosaurus" was featured in the Discovery Channel television documentary The Last Day of the Dinosaurs, where it was the prey of "Troodon".

Dinosaur brains and intelligence

Dinosaur brains and intelligence are interesting topics. Dinosaurs were once regarded as stupid animals, but it is now realised that some of the smaller carnivores had above average intelligence for reptiles. This idea led to exaggerated portrayals in films like "Jurassic Park".

The idea that "Stegosaurus" had a "brain the size of a walnut" (an oft-repeated phrase), was not quite accurate. It had a brain the size of a dog's, but in proportion to its body, the brain was very small. In the 1880s a well-preserved "Stegosaurus" braincase allowed Othniel Charles Marsh to get a cast of the brain cavity, which gave an idea of the brain size. The endocast showed that the brain was indeed small: relative to body size, maybe the smallest among the dinosaurs. The fact that an animal weighing over 4.5 metric tonnes (5 short tons) could have a brain of no more than 80 grams (2.8 oz) led to the idea that dinosaurs were unintelligent, an idea now largely rejected.

Marsh noted a large canal in the hip region of the spinal cord. It could have had 20 times the neurons of the famously small brain. This may have been used to coordinate the hind region in defence against theropod attack. This function for the "second brain" is not proved by any direct evidence.

Brain size usually increases with body size in animals (is positively correlated). That means large animals usually have larger brains than smaller animals. The relationship is not linear however. Generally, small mammals have "relatively" larger brains than big ones. Mice have a direct brain/body size ratio similar to humans (1/40). Elephants have a comparatively small brain/body size (1/560), although elephants are obviously quite intelligent animals.

The formula for the curve varies, but is usually given as Ew(brain) = 0.12w(body). As this formula is based on data from mammals, it should be applied to other animals with caution. For some of the other vertebrate classes the power of 3/4 rather than 2/3 is sometimes used, and for many groups of invertebrates the formula may give no meaningful results at all.

Intelligence in animals is hard to establish, but the larger the brain is relative to the body, the more brain weight might be available for complex cognitive tasks. Rather than simply measuring raw brain weight, the EQ formula makes for a ranking of animals. The ranking coincides better with the observed complexity of behaviour. Mean EQ for mammals is around 1, with carnivora, cetacea and primates above 1, and insectivores and herbivores below. It also puts humans at the top of the list. The relationship between brain-to-body mass ratio and complexity of behaviour is not perfect, because other factors also influence intelligence. These factors include the evolution of the recent cerebral cortex and different degrees of brain folding. 

This increase in the surface of the cortex is positively correlated to intelligence in humans.

Traditional comparisons of brain volume to body mass in dinosaurs have estimated brain size as the volume of the endocast. However, the brain of the modern reptile genus "Sphenodon" fills only about half of its endocranial volume. Some paleontologists used this fifty percent estimate in their estimates of dinosaur brain volume. Other workers have observed that details on the endocranial surface indicates that some fossil reptiles had brains that occupied a much larger portion of the endocranium. Larsson notes that the transition from reptiles to birds prevents using a set ratio from being a valid approach to estimating the volume of the endocranium occupied by a dinosaur's brain.

There is a wide range of estimates for live mass. One study estimated that the live masses for many dinosaur genera had a four-fold range. Larsson laments that "the broad ranges of body mass estimates, combined with the ambiguous ratio of endocranial volume occupied by the brain, present a high degree of uncertainty for [creating an] index of brain size". So he attempted to minimize errors by making a different kind of comparison.

While it is difficult to estimate the absolute volume of the brain, the proportions of its various regions of the brain should be the same in the endocast as it was in the live brain. Larsson's study compared the ratio of the cerebrum, which is clearly marked on the inside of skulls, to the rest of the endocast's volume. According to Larsson, his technique is superior to traditional comparisons of brain volume to estimated live body mass.

Most dinosaurs, and most theropods, had brains no better than present-day reptiles, so far as can be estimated. In a 2001 study of a "Carcharodontosaurus saharicus" endocast, Hans Larsson found that both "C. saharicus" and "Allosaurus" had a ratio of cerebrum to brain volume that was very similar to non-avian reptiles. By contrast, the "Tyrannosaurus" ratio was slightly in the direction of a more bird-like proportion. Since tyrannosaurs are relatively basal coelurosaurs, this is evidence that the Coelurosauria mark the beginning of a trend in theropod brain enlargement.

"Troodon"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s cerebrum-to-brain-volume ratio was 31.5% to 63% of the way from a nonavian reptile proportion to a truly avian one.

"Archaeopteryx" had a cerebrum-to-brain-volume ratio 78% of the way to modern birds.

The method used for Larsson's comparison was not the EQ, but a ratio of the size of the cerebrum to the whole brain. The cerebrum is chiefly responsible for what might be called 'intelligent behaviour'.

The brains of dinosaurs were generally much like other reptiles in their proportions. The exception is the coelurosaurs, which had cerebra proportionately larger than most reptiles, though proportionately smaller than modern birds.

Tellurium(IV) iodide

Tellurium(IV) iodide, also known as tellurium tetraiodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TeI. It contains tellurium in its +4 oxidation state. It also contains iodide ions. 

Tellurium(IV) iodide is a black solid. It breaks down when heated to tellurium(II) iodide and iodine. It is a weak reducing agent. It conducts electricity when melted.

It is made by reacting tellurium with iodine or by reacting tellurium with iodomethane, CHI.


Tellurium(IV) fluoride

Tellurium(IV) fluoride, also known as tellurium tetrafluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TeF. It contains tellurium in its +4 oxidation state. It also contains fluoride ions.

Tellurium(IV) fluoride is a white solid. It reacts with water to make tellurium dioxide and hydrofluoric acid. It reacts with many metals when heated.

It is made by reacting tellurium dioxide with sulfur tetrafluoride. It can also be made by reacting cold fluorine with tellurium. Another way is reacting selenium tetrafluoride with warm tellurium dioxide. Fluorine can also react with tellurium(II) chloride or tellurium(II) bromide to make tellurium(IV) fluoride. 


Tellurium(IV) oxide

Tellurium(IV) oxide, also known as tellurium dioxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TeO. It contains tellurium in its +4 oxidation state. It also contains oxide ions.

Tellurium(IV) oxide can be yellow or white. The white form is the manmade form. The yellow form is natural, also known as tellurite. The manmade form is most common in chemical reactions. At high pressure, the manmade white form turns into the yellow form. It melts at a high temperature to make a red liquid.

Tellurium(IV) oxide does not dissolve in water. It reacts with concentrated sulfuric acid. It can react with many strong acids and powerful oxidizing agents. It can also react with strong bases. It makes one's breath smell like garlic when it is eaten.

Tellurium(IV) oxide is made by burning tellurium in air.

It is used in devices that can convert light into sound. It can make glass with special properties. 

It can cause birth defects. It also makes bad breath.


Tellurium oxide

Tellurium oxide can refer to either of these chemical compounds.


Tellurium(VI) fluoride

Tellurium(VI) fluoride, also known as tellurium hexafluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is TeF. It contains tellurium in its +6 oxidation state. It also contains fluoride ions. It is the oldest known tellurium fluoride.

Tellurium(VI) fluoride is a colorless gas. It condenses to a white solid when made cold. It has a very bad smell. It is very toxic. It is similar to selenium hexafluoride, even though it is less volatile (not as easily evaporated). It reacts with water to make telluric acid and hydrofluoric acid. It reacts with tellurium under to make tellurium tetrafluoride. 

It is made by reacting hot fluorine with tellurium. Cold fluorine gas makes tellurium tetrafluoride. It can also be made by reacting fluorine with tellurium trioxide. Another way to make it is reacting selenium tetrafluoride and tellurium dioxide to make tellurium tetrafluoride, which is heated above to make tellurium hexafluoride and tellurium. 


Tellurium fluoride

Tellurium fluoride can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Avram Glazer

Avram Glazer (born October 19, 1960 in Rochester, New York) is the joint-chairman of Manchester United Football Club with his brother Joel.

Glazer lives in New Orleans with his wife and their two children. He is a son of Malcolm Glazer.

Telluric acid

Telluric acid is a chemical compound. It is an acid. Its chemical formula is HTeO. It contains hydrogen and tellurate ions. It contains the TeO form of the tellurate ion.

Telluric acid is a weak acid. It reacts with strong bases to make tellurates. It is a powerful oxidizing agents. It can be dehydrated to make tellurium trioxide. The metatelluric acid, HTeO, does not exist. 

Telluric acid can be made by reacting tellurium dioxide with chromium trioxide or hydrogen peroxide. 

It is used to make other tellurates such as sodium tellurate.


Electrical resistivity

Electrical resistivity is a concept in electrical engineering. It is a measure of how much a material stops the flow of electric current through it. Most metals have very low electrical resistivity.

More precisely, "the resistivity of a material of conductor is the resistance of its unit area of cross section and per unit of its length". The International System of Units uses the ohm metre for measuring how much electrical resistivity there is. Electrical resistivity is the inverse of electrical conductivity. This term is more used for semiconductors and insulators.

The name of this formula, is Pouillet's law. (It is named after Claude Pouillet):

formula_1The resistance of a given element is proportional to the length, but inversely proportional to the cross-sectional area. For example, if  = , formula_2 = (forming a cube with perfectly conductive contacts on opposite faces), then the resistance of this element in ohms is numerically equal to the resistivity of the material it is made of in Ω⋅m.
The resistivity of a substance is equal to the resistance of a rod of that substance which is 1 metre long and 1 square metre in cross-section. This can be a 1 cubic Metre cube. So we can also say that the resistivity of a substance is equal to he resistance between the opposite faces of a 1-metre cube of the substance.

Manzanar

Manzanar was the name of a Japanese American internment camp in California. It was near Lone Pine, California, in the desert near Death Valley. Thousands of people were kept there; most of them were Japanese people from Los Angeles. The camp opened in 1942 and was closed in 1945. Today, the camp is a National Historic Site.

Philip Gunawardena

Don Philip Rupasinghe Gunawardena (11 January 1901 – 26 March 1972) was a Sri Lankan politician. He introduced Trotskyism to Sri Lanka. He studied in the United States and picked up liberal ideas there.

Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas

"Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas" is an extremely popular Christmas song that is played every holiday season. The words were written by Ralph Blane and the music by Hugh Martin in 1943. The song was first introduced by Judy Garland in the 1944 movie, "Meet Me In St. Louis". A modified version was introduced by Frank Sinatra who felt the original was too sad for his 1957 album, "A Jolly Christmas". It has also been recorded by many other performers including Christina Aguilera, Demi Lovato, Sam Smith and the Pretenders. In 2007 ASCAP listed the song at number three in the 25 most played holiday songs.

Hurricane Diane

Hurricane Diane was a really bad Hurricane to the East Coast of the US during 1955. The storm caused severe destruction and an unusually severe death toll. Diane was among several hurricanes that bashed the East Coast during 1955, the others being Connie and Ione. The name Diane was later retired.

Martha Stewart

Martha Stewart (born Martha Helen Kostyra, August 3, 1941) is an American entrepreneur, author, and media personality. Stewart is famous for the "Martha Stewart Living" TV show and magazine. She was born in Jersey City, New Jersey to Polish-American parents.

In 2004, Stewart was convicted of obstructing justice and lying to investigators about a stock sale. She served five months in a West Virginia prison. She was on ABC but moved to another channel. In May 2018, President Donald Trump said he was thinking about pardoning Stewart for her charges.

Paul Edwards (composer)

Paul Christison Edwards (born ) is an English organist and composer of music for the Anglican Church. 
Paul Edwards spent his childhood in the village of Turvey in Bedfordshire. He liked church music, especially the sound of the big organ in the church at Turvey. He became a chorister at St Paul’s Cathedral for four and a half years and then spent the same amount of time as lay clerk at Peterborough Cathedral. He has been organist and choir master at several churches in Bedfordshire, including All Saints, Turvey and St. Paul's Church, Bedford. He works as a teacher, piano accompanist and choral singer.

Edwards has made a series of recordings of interesting old organs of North Bedfordshire. He has transcribed and edited ten volumes of 18th century "English Organ Music". The list of all his compositions has 450 opus numbers. They include about 150 hymn tunes and a large number of anthems. Many of these works have been published in collections including "Hymns for Today’s Church", "Psalms for Today" and "Carols for Today". His carol "No Small Wonder", written in 1983 was published in "Carols for Today" in 1986 and was recorded on LP by Canterbury Cathedral Choir. It was sung at the famous Nine Lessons and Carols service broadcast on the BBC Television by the Choir of King's College, Cambridge in 2000. His music has been recorded on several CDs.

Edwards finds inspiration for his compositions in the English countryside, especially that of Norfolk He also enjoys driving and photographing busses and coaches.


Lay clerk

A lay clerk, also known as a lay vicar, is a term used in the United Kingdom to describe a male singer who sings in a cathedral choir or a choir belonging to a college of one of the large traditional universities. A lay clerk is usually paid for the job. When he is called "lay vicar" the term "vicar" comes from the Latin word "vice" (meaning "deputy"). A lay vicar is not in holy orders (he is not a priest). Today there are a few female lay clerks, e.g. in Dublin.

The term "layman" was used in the Middle Ages for a chorister who sings some of the music that was too difficult for the priests to sing. Today many of the lay clerks in places such as Oxford or Cambridge combine their work as layclerk with studying at University. It is similar to a scholarship for studying.

Richard Owen

Sir Richard Owen KCB (Lancaster, 20 July 1804–18 December 1892) was an English biologist, comparative anatomist and palaeontologist.

Owen is probably best remembered today for coining the word "Dinosauria" (meaning 'Terrible Reptile'), and for his outspoken opposition to Charles Darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection.

Owen was the driving force behind the establishment, in 1881, of the British Museum (Natural History) in London.

Owen's technical descriptions of vertebrates were important. His "Comparative Anatomy and Physiology of Vertebrates" (3 vols. London 1866–1868) was a standard reference work for many years.

His career was tainted by accusations that he failed to give credit to the work of others and even tried to appropriate it under his own name.

Owen credited himself and Georges Cuvier with the discovery of the "Iguanodon", completely excluding any credit for the original discoverer of the dinosaur, Gideon Mantell. This was not the first or last time Owen would deliberately claim a discovery as his own, when in fact it was not. Owen was finally dismissed from the Royal Society's Zoological Council for plagiarism.
Owen was highly critical of Darwin's "On the Origin of Species", in part because Darwin did not refer much to the previous scientific theories of evolution. Instead, Darwin compared the theory of evolution by natural selection with the unscientific theory in the Bible.

Owen, in Darwin's opinion, was "Spiteful, extremely malignant, clever; the Londoners say he is mad with envy because my book is so talked about". "It is painful to be hated in the intense degree with which Owen hates me".

Owen was also a party to the threat to end government funding of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew botanical collection (see Joseph Dalton Hooker):

In the first part of his career Owen was regarded rightly as one of the great scientific figures of the age. In the second part of his career his reputation slipped. This was not solely due to his underhanded dealings with colleagues; it was also due to the serious errors of scientific judgement which were discovered and publicized. A fine example was his decision to classify man in a separate sub-class of the Mammalia (see Thomas Henry Huxley). In this Owen had no supporters at all. Also, his unwillingness to come off the fence concerning evolution became increasingly damaging to his reputation as time went on.

Owen continued working after his official retirement at the age of 79, but he never recovered the good opinions he had got in his younger days.

Ashcroft v. Al-Kidd

Ashcroft v. Al-Kidd is a 2011 case decided by the U.S. Supreme Court. It was a civil lawsuit filed in federal court. It argued that holding Muslim-Americans after the September 11 attacks was unconstitutional.

A young man named Lavoni T. Kidd was a prominent football player at the University of Idaho. He is an American citizen. While at college, Kidd converted to Islam and took the name Abudulla al-Kidd.

In 2003, the police arrested Al-Kidd as he was boarding a flight to Saudi Arabia, where he planned to study. He was held for 15 nights under the federal material witness statute (a law that allows police to hold people who are going to testify in court) because he was going to testify in the trial of Sami Omar Al-Hussayen. FBI Director Robert S. Mueller told Congress that al-Kidd's capture was one of the FBI's "success" stories. Al-Kidd was never charged with a crime or called as a witness. He was later released.

Al-Kidd went to court, suing John Ashcroft, who was United States Attorney General from 2001 to 2005. Al-Kidd said he was strip-searched, shackled, interrogated without having a lawyer with him, and treated as a terrorist. The American Civil Liberties Union lawyers who represented al-Kidd claimed he was one of 70 Muslim men who were treated this way.

Aschroft claimed that he had "absolute immunity" from civil lawsuits like al-Kidd's. In other words, because his actions were part of his duties as Attorney General, nobody can sue him about those actions. Ashcroft also claimed that he had "qualified immunity" that prevents such lawsuits unless the official violated someone's constitutional rights.

In 2009, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit found that Ashcroft could be sued and held personally responsible for the wrongful holding of al-Kidd. On October 18, 2010, the United States Supreme Court agreed to hear Ashcroft's appeal.

On May 31, 2011, the Supreme Court ruled against al-Kidd by a vote of 8-0. (Usually there are nine Supreme Court Justices, but Justice Elena Kagan did not participate in the al-Kidd case.)

To show that Ashcroft could be sued, al-Kidd's lawyers had to meet a very high burden of proof. They needed to prove that Ashcroft was directly involved in holding al-Kidd, or that he knew what was happening to al-Kidd. The Court ruled that al-Kidd's lawyers had not proved these things. They suggested that al-Kidd's detention was handled mostly by people who were much less powerful than Ashcroft.

All eight Supreme Court Justices agreed that the Ninth Circuit's ruling should be reversed. However, the Justices reached this decision for different reasons.

Justice Antonin Scalia wrote a majority opinion. He was joined by Chief Justice John G. Roberts and Justices Anthony Kennedy, Clarence Thomas, and Samuel Alito. Scalia wrote that a Magistrate Judge had issued a valid arrest warrant for al-Kidd based on specific information about him. Al-Kidd was not arrested in a general effort to sweep a large group of Muslims into jail he was specifically arrested because he was suspected.

In a footnote in his opinion, Scalia argues with Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg about what type of "individualized suspicion" is needed to justify arresting a person. Scalia wrote that a person does not need to be suspected of "wrongdoing" he just needs to be suspected. Scalia found that Ashcroft was protected from any possible lawsuits for ordering this group of arrests:
The objectively reasonable arrest and detention of a material witness pursuant to a validly obtained warrant cannot be challenged as unconstitutional on the basis of allegations that the arresting authority had an improper motive.

Justice Kennedy wrote a concurring opinion. He was joined by Justices Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, and Sonia Sotomayor for Part I of his opinion. He also wrote that al-Kidd's lawsuit should be dismissed.

Kennedy wrote the second part of his opinion alone. In this part, he described his concern that the Attorney General of the United States cannot be personally sued just because lower courts in some parts of the United States have made legal decisions opposing his policies.

Justice Ginsburg, joined by Justices Breyer and Sotomayor, wrote that it was "uncertain" just how powerful the Material Witness Statute was. For example, she/ questioned whether a "law-abiding citizen" who was not suspected of wrongdoing could be sent to jail if he saw "a crime during the days or weeks before a scheduled flight abroad." Ginsburg, Breyer, and Sotomayor were also concerned about how al-Kidd was treated in jail. The Court did leave al-Kidd with the right to sue his jailers for mistreating him.

Justice Sotomayor, joined by Justices Ginsburg and Breyer, wrote that the Court did not have to think about constitutional questions to decide this case.

Brit milah

Brit milah is the Jewish ritual circumcision ceremony performed on eight-day-old male babies. The foreskin is cut off from the end of the penis. The operation is carried out by a person called a "mohel", a ritual circumciser, who has been trained and qualified for this task.This ceremony is important for many Jewish people as it is a symbol of the covenant that God made with Abraham. A special role on a Bris have the Sandek (Godfather), he hold the baby at the ceremony Some mohels then optionally suck the blood out of the area of the circumcision wound using their mouth which is called "metzitzah b'peh" and is a tradition among many followers of Judaism. However this is known to possibly cause infectious diseases such as Herpes simplex.

Lithium nitrate

Lithium nitrate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiNO. It contains lithium and nitrate ions. 

Lithium nitrate is a colorless solid. It makes a red flame when heated. It is an oxidizing agent. It breaks down when heated into lithium oxide, nitrogen dioxide, and oxygen. 

This metal can be made by reacting lithium, lithium hydroxide, lithium oxide, or lithium carbonate with nitric acid.

Lithium nitrate is used in fireworks to make a red color. It is also used in flares.


Lithium peroxide

Lithium peroxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiO. It contains lithium and peroxide ions.

Lithium peroxide is a white solid. It gives off oxygen when heated. It is an oxidizing agent.

Lithium peroxide is made by reacting lithium hydroxide with hydrogen peroxide and removing the water.

It is used to absorb carbon dioxide on spaceships. It also releases oxygen when it absorbs carbon dioxide.

Lithium peroxide reacts violently with water to make oxygen. It also is an oxidizing agent and can catch things on fire. It is corrosive because it is basic.

Adam McKay

Adam McKay (born April 17, 1968) is an American actor, director, writer and comedian. Born in Pennsylvania, he directed and wrote several movies and won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay in "The Big Short".

Earth Hour

Earth Hour is an event organized by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF). It is held on the last Saturday of March every year. The WWF asks people to shut off their lights and appliances for one hour. They want to raise awareness for climate change. It was started in 2007.

Police action

Police action is a term for the use of military forces without declaring war. Many military actions are called police actions. People do not declare war commonly any more.

Martin Evans

Sir Martin John Evans (born 1 January 1941, Stroud, Gloucestershire) is a British geneticist.

His first success was with Matthew Kaufman. In 1981 they were the first to grow embryonic mice stem cells in a laboratory.

Evans, Oliver Smithies and Mario Capecchi discovered a technique in genetic engineering. It is known as homologous recombination of transgenic DNA. This is important because it is the most reliable method of changing animal genomes.

The three put this to use in two more inventions: gene targeting and knockout mice, and were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2007.

Ahmed Al Safi

Ahmed Al Safi (, born 1971) is an Iraqi sculptor and painter.


Maria Stuarda

Maria Stuarda is an Italian opera in three acts by Gaetano Donizetti, libretto by Giuseppe Bardari, after Friedrich Schiller's play "Maria Stuarda". It was first performed in Naples, on October 19,1835, under the name of "Buondelmont" due to censorship problems, and in its original version in Milan, on December 30, 1835. One of Donizetti's finest work, it is notable for the confrontation scene between Queen Mary and Queen Elizabeth I of England, which in real life never took place. It was heartbreaking. The soprano later became famous and well loved.


Roberto Devereux

Roberto Devereux is an Italian opera in three acts by Gaetano Donizetti, libretto by Salvatore Cammarano, after François Ancelot's "Elisabeth d'Angleterre", it was first performed in Naples, on October 29, 1837. It is a powerful and sweeping work and is sometimes considered one of the most "verdian" of Donizetti's operas. After almost a century of neglect, it was revived in Naples by soprano Leyla Gencer in 1964, and has since then been regularly performed, notably by sopranos Montserrat Caballé and Beverly Sills. The plot is about the love between Queen Elizabeth I of England and her favorite Robert Devereux, Earl of Essex.



Roman Wales

Roman Wales is the area of modern Wales that was under Roman Empire control.

Roman Wales was an area of south western Britannia under Roman Empire control from the first to the fifth century AD. South east Wales was fully made Roman at the beginning of the fifth century.

Up to and during the Roman occupation of Britain, the native inhabitants of Iron Age Britain spoke "Brythonic" languages (a sub-family of the Celtic languages) and were regarded as Britons (or Brythons). The area of modern Wales was divided among a number of tribes, of which the Silures in modern south-east Wales and the Ordovices in central and northwest Wales were the largest and most powerful. These two tribes were the ones who put up the strongest force to the Roman invasion: Mona (the island of Anglesey) was only conquered by Gnaeus Julius Agricola in 78 AD.

The first attack on the Celtic tribes of what is now Wales was made under the legatus Publius Ostorius Scapula about 48 AD. Ostorius first attacked the Deceangli in the north-east, who appear to have surrendered with little resistance. He then spent several years campaigning against the Silures and the Ordovices. Their resistance was led by Caratacus, who had fled what is now southeast England when it was conquered by the Romans. He first led the Silures, then moved to the territory of the Ordovices, where he was defeated by Ostorius in 51 AD. Caratacus fled to the Brigantes, whose queen handed him over to the Romans.

The Silures waged effective warfare against the Roman forces. Ostorius died with this tribe still unconquered; after his death they won a victory over the Roman Second Augusta Legion, Legio II Augusta. There were no more attempts to extend Roman control in Wales until the governorship of Caius Suetonius Paulinus, who attacked further north and captured the island of Anglesey in 60 or 61 AD. However he was forced to stop the offensive to meet the threat from the rebellion of Boudica.

The Silures eventually came under Roman rule by Sextus Julius Frontinus in a series of campaigns ending about 78 AD. His successor Gnaeus Julius Agricola subdued the Ordovices and recaptured Anglesey by the beginning of 78 AD.

The Romans occupied the whole of the area now known as Wales, where they built Roman roads and Roman forts, mined gold at Luentinum and conducted commerce, but their interest in the area was limited because of the difficult geography and shortage of flat agricultural land. Most of the Roman remains in Wales are military in nature.

The area was controlled by Roman legionary bases at Deva Victrix (modern Chester) and Isca Augusta (Caerleon), two of the three such bases in Roman Britain, with roads linking these bases to Roman auxiliary forts such as Segontium (actual Caernarfon) and Moridunum (actual Carmarthen).

Romans are only known to have founded one town in Wales, Venta Silurum (Caerwent) in Monmouthshire, although the fort at Moridunum (Carmarthen) was later superseded by a civilian settlement. The modern-day Wales is thought to have been part of the Roman province of "Britannia Superior", and later of the province of "Britannia Secunda", which also included part of what is now the West Country of England.

The later part of the third century witnessed a new concern: defending the coast from seaborne marauders from Hibernia (actual Ireland). The response was a Saxon Shore-style fort at Cardiff and refurbishment elsewhere.

It is not clear when the legionary garrison at Caerleon was finally withdrawn, possibly by the end of the third century, although it may have left a skeleton force there as late as the mid-fourth century.

The military dispositions in late fourth-century Wales at Cardiff, Caernarfon, Holyhead and Caerhun seem to have been concerned with continuing incursions by Irish bands.

The remaining recognisably military posts seem to have been abandoned c.AD 393 when soldiers were needed to counteract a rebellion in Gaul. There is some evidence that troops may have been left to guard the towns of Carmarthen and Caerwent into the fifth century.

Wales was occupied by the Romans from the first century AD to the Roman withdrawal from Britain nearly four centuries later, leaving their province to develop into Sub-Roman Britain and the emergence of Wales in the Early Middle Ages.

The only city founded by the Romans in Wales is Caerwent, called Venta Silurum in 75 AD when was created, and the last place to be left by the Romans.
The town lacked substantial defences until the mid 4th century, when stone town walls were built. A small garrison may have been based in the town during that period. Large sections of the defensive walls are still in place, rising up to 5 metres (17 feet) in height in places.

The walls have been described as ""easily the most impressive town defence to survive from Roman Britain, and in its freedom from later rebuilding one of the most perfectly preserved in Northern Europe.""

Indeed, the Roman town remained occupied after the Roman troops left, until at least the end of the fifth century. Caerwent has been even called the possible Camelot of King Arthur, because it is located only ten miles from the Roman fort Isca Silurum (actually Caerleon), that Geoffrey of Monmouth wrote was the place of the Round Table.

Furthermore, it appears that Christian worship was already established in the town in the fifth century, and it may have had a bishop. A monastery was founded by Saint Tatheus in the 6th century, and a Christian cemetery was also established around the site of the present church.
The name "Venta" gave its name to the emerging Kingdom of Gwent, and the town itself became known as "Caer-went" or "Castra/Fort of Venta/Gwent". Tradition holds that Caradog Freichfras of Gwent moved his court from Caerwent to Portskewett during the second half of the 6th century, finishing in this way the last romanised presence in Wales.

Finally, Gwyn A. Williams argues that even at the time of the erection of Offa's Dyke (that divided Wales from medieval England) the people to its west saw themselves as "Roman", citing the number of Latin inscriptions still being made into the 8th century.



Georgia Dome

The Georgia Dome was a domed stadium in Atlanta that opened in 1992 and was torn down in 2017. It was the largest domed building in the world until 1999.

The Dome took up 9.19 acres of land and cost $214 million to build. It was supported by the State of Georgia, after which the stadium was named. It was not far from the CNN Center, Georgia World Congress Center and Philips Arena.

Many different sporting events took place in the dome, mostly football and basketball. It was home to the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League until it was replaced by the nearby Mercedes-Benz Stadium for the 2017 season.


Memphis

Memphis most commonly refers to:


Memphis may also refer to:










New Coke

New Coke was a type of Coca-Cola that was sold from 1985 to 2002. Its flavor was sweeter than normal Coke. It was later sold as Coke II. It is a product of the Coca-Cola Company. 

Rock of Ages Corporation

Rock of Ages Corporation is a company in Vermont. It mines granite, which it sells largely for use in memorials, though it also makes smaller products.

It was started in 1885, and has its headquarters in Graniteville, Vermont, which is close to Barre.

There are around 230 people who work for the company. Rock of Ages had a profit of about $800,000 in 2008.

In October 2010, another mining company, Swenson Granite Company, said it would buy Rock of Ages for $39 million.

Rock of Ages runs the largest granite quarry in the world. It is about deep, and covers about 50 acres.

International PEN

International PEN is a worldwide association of writers. It was founded in London in 1921 to increase friendship and intellectual co-operation among writers everywhere. At first, he letters "P", "E", and "N" stood for "Poets, Essayists and Novelists". Now the group includes any other kinds of writers, such as journalists and historians.
Other goals included: to make the role of literature stronger in developing international understanding and world culture; to fight for freedom of expression; and to act as a powerful voice to help writers who are harassed, imprisoned, and sometimes killed for their views. It is the world’s oldest human rights organization.

PEN is a non-governmental organization that has a formal consultative relations with UNESCO and Special Consultative Status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations.

The first PEN Club was founded in London in 1921 by Catherine Amy Dawson Scott. John Galsworthy was its first President. The first members included Joseph Conrad, Elizabeth Craig, George Bernard Shaw, and H.G. Wells.

The club established these goals:

Past Presidents of International PEN have included Malcolm Afford, Alberto Moravia, Heinrich Böll, Arthur Miller, Mario Vargas Llosa, Homero Aridjis and Jiří Gruša. The current President is John Ralston Saul and the current Executive Director is Caroline McCormick.

International PEN has its headquarters in London. There are also 145 independent PEN Centers in 104 countries around the world. Each of these centers are open to qualified writers, journalists, translators, historians and others actively engaged in any branch of literature. Nationality, race, color or religion cannot effect membership.

PEN awards dozens of literary awards each year. Some examples include:


Literature, national though it be in origin, knows no frontiers, and should remain common currency among nations in spite of political or international upheavals.

In all circumstances, and particularly in time of war, works of art and libraries, the heritage of humanity at large, should be left untouched by national or political passion.

Members of PEN should at all times use what influence they have in favor of good understanding and mutual respect among nations; they pledge themselves to do their utmost to dispel race, class, and national hatreds and to champion the ideal of one humanity living in peace in the world.

PEN stands for the principle of unhampered transmission of thought within each nation and among all nations, and members pledge themselves to oppose any form of suppression of freedom of expression in their country or their community.

PEN declares for a free press and opposes arbitrary censorship in time of peace. It believes that the necessary advance of the world toward a more highly organized political and economic order renders free criticism of governments, administrations, and institutions imperative. And since freedom implies voluntary restraint, members pledge themselves to oppose such evils of a free press as mendacious publication, deliberate falsehood, and distortion of facts for political and personal ends.

International PEN's Writers in Prison Committee works to help persecuted writers worldwide. The Writers in Prison Committee monitors the cases of over 900 writers who have been imprisoned, tortured, threatened, attacked, made to disappear, and killed for the peaceful practice of their profession. It publishes a bi-annual Case List documenting free expression violations against writers around the world. This committee was started in 1960 in response to increasing attempts to silence voices of dissent by imprisoning writers,




Liu Xia (poet)

Liu Xia (; born 1 April 1961, Beijing, China) is a painter, poet, and photographer who resides in Beijing, China. She was married to 2010 Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo.

Liu used to be a civil servant in the Beijing tax bureau. She met her husband Liu Xiaobo while part of the Beijing literary scene in the 1980s. She married Liu Xiaobo while he was in prison in a Chinese labor re-education camp between the years of 1996 and 1999.

Ms. Liu prefers to lead the solitary life of an intellectual. However, she has been forced to act for her husband in public because of he is often in prison for his activism. She has been described as her husband's "most important link to the outside world." She also personally experiences pressures from the Chinese authorities for publicly voicing opinions because she is the wife of one of China's most prominent human rights advocates. Since his arrest, the government watches her constantly. She speaks out on issues of human rights both for herself and for her husband. Although she may not want always want to, she has continued to speak publicly all during their marriage and while her husband has been in prison Despite the pressures, she attempts to keep her life normal.

Liu Xiaobo's was sent to prison for 11 years after he helped write the political manifesto 2008 called Charter 08. Liu Xia begged her husband to not participate in writing the document. At first, he did as she asked. But later, he spent much of his time writing and re-writing the document which took three years. He later got more than 300 prominent workers, Chinese Communist Party members, and intellectuals, to sign the charter. 10,000 people added their names to a charter support list on the Internet.

After it was announced that her husband had won the Nobel Peace Prize, Liu Xia said that “For all these years, Liu Xiaobo has persevered in telling the truth about China and because of this, for the fourth time, he has lost his personal freedom." She also said that she would visit him in jail and "give him a big hug". After visiting him, however, she was placed under house arrest and her mobile phone number was canceled. Liu Xiaobo died on 13 July 2017 from liver cancer complications.


Jilin University

Jilin University (; often abbreviated JLU or 吉大) is a national university. China's Ministry of Education controls the university directly.


Down to the Countryside Movement

The Down to the Countryside Movement was a government plan in China in the late 1960s and early 1970s. During the Cultural Revolution, anti-bourgeois thinking was very common. Mao Zedong said that richer youth from the cities would be sent to mountains or farming villages so they could learn from the workers and farmers there.

Many fresh high school graduates were forced out of the cities. They had to stay in far away areas of China. They became known as the Rusticated Youth of China Many of them lost the chance to go university. Some call them China's "lost generation." Famous authors who have written about their experiences during the movement include Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo, Jiang Rong and Zhang Chengzhi, both of whom went to Inner Mongolia.


Hu Jintao

Hu Jintao (born 21 December 1942) is a Chinese politician who was the paramount leader of China and the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China from 2002 to 2012. Hu Jintao also served as the President of the People's Republic of China from 2003 to 2013 and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission from 2004 to 2012.

Hu was born in Taizhou, Jiangsu. Hu left office of General Secretary on 15 November 2012 and the office was taken by Xi Jinping.

Hu Jintao was educated as a hydraulic engineer from Tsinghua University in 1965. According to official biographies, he has a photographic memory. Politically, he is moderate and careful. He spent most of his previous career in Tibet and the poorer provinces, and was therefore unknown to Western analysts until he unexpectedly became the General Secretary (paramount leader). Even as a general secretary, he was quite private - and so has never given an interview.

Václav Havel

Václav Havel (), 5 October 1936–18 December 2011, was a Czech playwright, essayist, dissident and politician. He was the tenth and last President of Czechoslovakia (1989–92). He then became the first President of the Czech Republic (1993–2003). He wrote more than twenty plays and many non-fiction works. Many of them were translated into multiple languages. 

Beginning in the 1960s, Havel mostly wrote about the politics of Czechoslovakia. After the Prague Spring, he became more and more active against the government. In 1977, he became famous internationally for his work on the human rights manifesto, "Charter 77". He became known as a leader of the opposition in Czechoslovakia. He was also sent to prison for these activities. The 1989, Havel became president during the "Velvet Revolution". As president, he led Czechoslovakia and later the Czech Republic to an open democracy with several political parties. His country changed greatly during the thirteen years he was president. The Czech Republic separated from Slovakia, even though Havel was against separation. The Czech Republic also joined NATO and started negotiating membership in the European Union. The country became a member of the EU in 2004. He was one of the first people to sign the Prague Declaration on European Conscience and Communism.

Václav Havel was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia on 5 October 1936. He grew up in a well-known and wealthy entrepreneurial and intellectual family. His family was active in culture and politics in Czechoslovakia from the 1920s to the 1940s. His father owned part of the suburb of Barrandov. This is the highest part of Prague. Havel's mother came from a well-known family. Her father was an ambassador and journalist. Havel completed his required education in 1951. However, the Communist government did not allow him to continue to study formally because of his bourgeois family background. 

In the early 1950s, the young Havel entered a four-year apprenticeship as a chemical laboratory assistant. He took evening classes at the same time and completed secondary education in 1954. None of the colleges or universities with humanities programs would accept Havel for political reasons. So, he chose to study at the Faculty of Economics of Czech Technical University in Prague. He dropped out after two years. In 1964, Havel married Olga Šplíchalová. His mother was against the marriage.

Havel was already leader of the Civic Forum, and on 29 December 1989, he became president. He left office after his second term as Czech president ended on 2 February 2003. Every member of the Federal Assembly voted to make him president. This was a surprising change because Havel had always said that he was not interested in politics. He and other dissidents had said that change should come from groups of people directly, not from the government.

Czechoslovakia had free elections in 1990. Havel won and continued to be president. Havel wanted to keep the federation of the Czechs and the Slovaks together during the breakup of Czechoslovakia. He supported keeping the country together even though this was difficult and there was a lot of pressure. On 3 July 1992 the federal parliament did not elect Havel — the only candidate — because Slovak MPs did not support him. Havel resigned as president on 20 July after the Slovaks issued their Declaration of Independence. He stood for election as president of the new Czech Republic in 1993. He won and became president of this new, separate country.

Havel was quite popular throughout his career. However, some of his actions caused controversy and criticism. One of his first acts as a president was to pardon many people. He wanted to reduce the number of people in overcrowded prisons and release people who had been put in prison during the Communist era even though they were innocent. He did not trust the decisions of a corrupt court of the previous government. He thought the courts had been unfair to most people in prison. Critics said that this amnesty caused more crime. In his memoir, "To the Castle and Back", Havel wrote that most of the people he released had less than a year left to stay in prison. Statistics about this are not clear.

Havel said that the most important thing he did as president was breaking up the Warsaw Pact. Ending this group of countries was very complicated because the association was a deep part of how the countries worked. It took two years before the Soviet troops finally left Czechoslovakia completely.

Havel was very important to changing NATO. He helped change it from an anti-Warsaw Pact alliance to a group that includes former-Warsaw Pact members. Havel spoke very strongly for expanding of the military alliance into Eastern Europe, including the Czech Republic.
He has received many awards, including:




Qincheng Prison

Qincheng Prison () is a maximum-security prison in the Changping District northwest of Beijing in the People's Republic of China. The prison was built in 1958 with aid from the Soviet Union and it is the only prison belonging to the Ministry of Public Security. 

The majority of people in prison here are political prisoners. Some of them were participants in the Chinese democracy movement and Tiananmen Square protests of 1989. Famous inmates include Jiang Qing, Bao Tong, Dai Qing, as well as Tibetans such as Choekyi Gyaltsen, the 10th Panchen Lama, and Phuntsok Wangyal. Other inmates included many communist cadres who were criticized during the Cultural Revolution, such as Bo Yibo, Peng Zhen, Israel Epstein, Sidney Rittenberg and David Crook. 2010 Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo was also imprisoned here.

The prison is at the eastern foothill of Yanshan, facing the North China Plain in the east, north and south. The plain is where Qincheng Farm (秦城农场) is, which is part of the prison.


Suicide pact

A suicide pact is a plan of two or more people to kill themselves. People who agree on such a plan may kill themselves together, or they may just plan to do it on a certain schedule together. When studying suicide, suicide pacts are an important concept. Suicide pacts have occurred through history.

Note that a suicide pact is different from mass suicide. In a mass suicide, many people commit suicide for the same reason. In a suicide pact, it might be that one person is suicidal because of romance, and the other is suicidal because of a disease, but they both wish to die. 

Mass suicide

In a mass suicide a group of people kill themselves for the same reason. Very often, all the people involved kill themselves together, at more or less the same time. The reason for the mass suicide often involves religious views. Suicide bombings and Kamikaze missions are military or paramilitary forms of mass suicide.


Goldie Goldthorpe

Bill "Goldie" Goldthorpe (born June 20, 1953 in Hornepayne, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger who played for 16 minor league teams between 1973 and 1984, playing exhibition games with the Toronto Maple Leafs and Pittsburgh Penguins. Goldthorpe grew up in Thunder Bay, Ontario, is widely regarded as one of the most infamous hockey enforcers to have ever played the game, a man once dubbed the "wildest, meanest, most unpredictable player in hockey", earning an amazing 1,132 penalty minutes in 194 professional games. He was the inspiration for the character Ogie Ogilthorpe in the 1977 movie Slap Shot. On January 1, 2008 during the 1st intermission of the NHL's Winter Classic outdoor game in Buffalo, NBC showed a 1-minute and 15 second piece on the movie Slapshot and the Ogilthorpe, Bill Goldthorpe connection to Bob Costas. Costas once did radio play-by-play for the Syracuse Blazers (NAHL) in 1973-74, a team that Bill Goldthorpe played on. Goldthorpe is currently a foreman at a construction company in Canada, having held that position in San Diego for several years.

Alex Gray

Alexander Haim Gray (June 21, 1899 – April 10, 1986) was a Canadian ice hockey right winger for the New York Rangers and the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1927 to 1933.

Although born in Glasgow, Scotland, Alex Gray grew up in Thunder Bay, Ontario. He played for five years with the Port Arthur Ports of the TBSHL. According to Legends of Hockey, "he was at the top of the league in goal scoring three times and was its most penalized player twice."

In 1928 Gray signed with the New York Rangers of the NHL. Wearing jersey number 2, he played on a line with Paul Thompson and Murray Murdoch. He helped the Rangers win the Stanley Cup that spring.

After his rookie season in New York he was involved in a big trade with the Toronto Maple Leafs, He was traded along with Lorne Chabot for Melville "Butch" Keeling and John Ross Roach.

He played a total of 13 games for the Maple Leafs in the 1928–29 season (7 regular season games and 4 playoff games). After 1 season in Toronto he was sent to the minors where he spent the remainder of his career.



Gordie Clark

Gordon Corson Clark (born May 31, 1952 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a retired ice hockey right winger. He played in the National Hockey League for the Boston Bruins and in the WHA for the Cincinnati Stingers.

Round Maple

Round Maple is a hamlet in the civil parish of Edwardstone, in the Babergh district of Suffolk, East of England. Round Maple is 1.2 miles northeast of Edwardstone village, 6 miles east-northeast of Sudbury and 54.9 miles northeast of London. Its postcode district is CO10.

Round Maple gives its name to Round Maple Mild ale. The ale is made at Mill Green. It has 3.3% alcohol. It also has a little bit of maple syrup. Round Maple Mild is a dark ale.

Round Maple has 4 Grade II Listed buildings (important buildings). All are timber-framed and plastered. The buildings include Little Thatch and Hathaway Cottage, Quicks Farmhouse, Seasons, and The Flushing.

Round Maple is on the Great Britain A-Z Road Atlas (1C, 54). It is on the Philip's Navigator Britain (D4, 164). Round Maple's OS grid reference is TL953436, its latitude is 52.056308 and its longitude is 0.847251.



Sandy Fitzpatrick

Alexander Stewart "Sandy" Fitzpatrick (born December 22, 1944 in Paisley, Scotland) is a retired professional ice hockey player. He played in the in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers and Minnesota North Stars.

Red hair

People with red hair are referred to as redheads. Natural redheads often have very light colored skin. They often also have freckles.


Adasaurus

Adasaurus is a Dromaeosaur theropod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous. It lived in what is now Central Asia. It was a small carnivore, with a large, sickle-shaped claw on the second toe of each hind foot. An adult was probably about 6.2 feet (2 meters) long.

Two specimens of "Adasaurus" have been found, both from the Gobi Desert of southern Mongolia. One is an incomplete skeleton with partial skull, including the vertebral column except the back of the tail, all three bones of the pelvis, the shoulder girdle and the hindlimbs. The second specimen includes the back end of another skeleton, including the hindlimbs. Both specimens are in the collection of the Mongolian Geological Institute in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia.

The age of the strata, like most of Mongolia's later Cretaceous sediments, is not known for certain. It is thought to be somewhere between 74 and 65 million years ago. Other dinosaurs found in this formation include "Tarbosaurus", "Anserimimus", and "Saurolophus".

Dromaeosaurus

Dromaeosaurus was a genus of dromaeosaurid dinosaur which lived during the Upper Cretaceous period, about 75 million years ago. Its remains were found in the western United States and Alberta, Canada.

"Dromaeosaurus albertensis" was a small carnivore, the size of a wolf, about 2 m (7 ft) in length and 15 kg (40 lb) in weight. Its mouth was full of sharp teeth, and it had a large "sickle claw" on each foot. It lived during the Upper Cretaceous: some teeth which may belong to it have been found from the latest Cretaceous, 65.5 million years ago.

Although only a few bones are known from the hind limb, they indicate that "Dromaeosaurus" was a powerfully built animal. The presence of feathers in closely related animals makes it extremely likely that it was feathered as well.

"Dromaeosaurus" had large eyes and excellent vision. It also probably had a good sense of smell and hearing. Its neck was curved and flexible and its jaws were solidly built. The tail was flexible at the base but sheathed in a lattice of bony rods; this allowed it to be carried in an upturned position.

Despite widespread attention in popular books about dinosaurs, and complete mounted skeleton casts in many museums, "Dromaeosaurus" is surprisingly poorly known from actual fossils. The popular cast by the Tyrrell Museum was only made possible by knowledge gained from other dromaeosaurs discovered more recently.

The first known "Dromaeosaurus" remains were discovered by paleontologist Barnum Brown during a 1914 expedition to Red Deer River on behalf of the American Museum of Natural History.

Several species of "Dromaeosaurus" have been described, but "Dromaeosaurus albertensis" is the most complete specimen. The genus is even rarer than other small theropods, although it was one of the first small theropods described.

Matthew and Brown originally placed "Dromaeosaurus" within "Deinodontidae" (now known as Tyrannosauridae), based on some similarities in the general proportions of the skull. In 1969, John Ostrom recognized that "Dromaeosaurus" shared many features with "Velociraptor" and the newly-discovered "Deinonychus", and assigned these forms to a new family: Dromaeosauridae.

"Dromaeosaurus" differs from most of its relatives in having a short, massive skull, a deep mandible, and robust teeth. The teeth tend to be more heavily-worn than those of its relative "Saurornitholestes", suggesting that its jaws were used for crushing and tearing rather than simply slicing through flesh. "Dromaeosaurus" had a bite nearly three times as powerful as that of a "Velociraptor".

It is possible that, unlike most other dromaeosaurs, "Dromaeosaurus" relied more on its jaws than its claws to dispatch its prey. It was probably better suited to tackling large prey than the more lightly-built "Saurornitholestes".

The relationships of "Dromaeosaurus" are unclear. Although its rugged build gives it a primitive appearance, it was actually a very specialized animal. It is usually given its own subfamily, the Dromaeosaurinae; this group is thought to include "Utahraptor", "Achillobator", "Adasaurus", and possibly "Deinonychus". However, the relationships of dromaeosaurs are still in a state of flux.

"Dromaeosaurus" are featured in "Walking with Dinosaurs", stalking juvenile "Torosaurus" and attempting to steal eggs from "Tyrannosaurus", despite never coexisting with the latter in real life.
"Dromaeosaurus" makes an appearance in "Jurassic Fight Club", where a pack is shown being capable of taking down "Edmontosaurus" in spite of the carnivores' small size, but the carcass is later taken by a "Tyrannosaurus" (despite the tyrannosaur not being contemporaneous with "Dromaeosaurus").

French ban on face covering

On 14 September 2010, the Senate of France () passed a law that forbids the wearing of clothing that covers the face of a person in public, so that the person cannot be identified. The law talks about clothing that covers the face, so it includes burqas and niqabs, but does not include the chador. 

The main arguments for the ban are that people wearing such types of clothing cannot be identified by police forces, and that such veils are not compatible with the values of France as a state. In addition, there was a discussion about women's rights. President Nicolas Sarkozy said that a reason for the ban is to protect women from being forced to cover their faces.

The bill which was introduced, was protested by some women as a violation of women's rights. But many people in France supported the bill, and it was passed in the Senate and the National Assembly of the French Parliament, and it became law.

John Flamsteed

John Flamsteed FRS (19 August 1646 – 31 December 1719) was an English astronomer. He was the first Astronomer Royal, appointed in 1675.

Flamsteed calculated the solar eclipses of 1666 and 1668.

He was responsible for several of the earliest recorded sightings of the planet Uranus, which he mistook for a star and catalogued as '34 Tauri'. The first of these was in December 1690, which remains the earliest known sighting of Uranus by an astronomer.

Flamsteed is also remembered for his conflicts with Isaac Newton, the President of the Royal Society at the time. Flamsteed was refusing to publish work commissioned by the king, so in 1712 Newton and Edmond Halley published a preliminary version of Flamsteed's "Historia Coelestis Britannica". They did so "without crediting the author".

Some years later, Flamsteed managed to buy many copies of the book, and publicly burnt them in front of the Royal Observatory. However, the numerical star designations in this book are still used and are known as Flamsteed designations.

In 1725 Flamsteed's own version of "Historia Coelestis Britannica" was published posthumously, edited by his wife Margaret. This contained Flamsteed's observations, and included a catalogue of 2,935 stars to much greater accuracy than any previous work. This was considered the first significant contribution of the Greenwich Observatory. In 1729 his wife published his "Atlas Coelestis", assisted by Joseph Crosthwait and Abraham Sharp, who were responsible for the technical side.


Sugar cookie

A sugar cookie or sugar biscuit is a cookie made from sugar, flour, butter, eggs, vanilla, and baking powder or baking soda.

Sugar cookies can be iced with a variety of icings and are normally decorated.

Edmond Halley

Edmond Halley FRS (8 November 1656 – 25 January 1742) was an English astronomer, the second Astronomer Royal.

He was also a mathematician, meteorologist, and physicist. Halley is best known for computing the orbit of the comet named after him: Halley's Comet.

On leaving Oxford, in 1676, Halley visited the south Atlantic island of St. Helena and set up an observatory with a telescope which had no tube.

He used the telescope to study stars from the Southern Hemisphere. He later published "Catalogus Stellarum Australium" which was about the 341 southern stars.

In 1686, Halley published the second part of the results from his St. Helena expedition. This was a paper and chart on trade winds and monsoons. He thought solar heating caused atmospheric motions. He also established the relationship between barometric pressure and height above sea level. His charts were an advance in how to display information visually. Halley also persuaded Sir Isaac Newton to publish a book about his discovery of gravity.

In 1690, Halley built a diving bell, a device in which the atmosphere was replenished by way of weighted barrels of air sent down from the surface. In a demonstration, Halley and five companions dived to 60 feet in the River Thames, and remained there for over an hour and a half. Halley's bell was of little use for practical salvage work, as it was very heavy, but he made improvements to it over time, later extending his underwater exposure time to over 4 hours.

That same year, at a meeting of the Royal Society, Halley introduced a rudimentary working model of a magnetic compass using a liquid-filled housing to damp the swing and wobble of the magnetized needle.

In 1691 Halley sought the post of Savilian Professor of Astronomy at Oxford University. As he was well known as an atheist, he was opposed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, John Tillotson. The post went instead to a mathematician who had the support of Isaac Newton.

In 1693 Halley published an article on life annuities (a kind of pension), which featured an analysis of age-at-death on the basis of the Breslau statistics Caspar Neumann had been able to provide. This article allowed the British government to sell life annuities at an appropriate price based on the age of the purchaser. Halley's work strongly influenced the development of actuarial science. The construction of the life-table for Breslau, which followed more primitive work by John Graunt, is now seen as a major event in the history of demography.


These are generally either , rhyming with "valley", or ""Hailey"," though some people will use Halley's supposed pronunciation of his own name, ""Hawley"." The ""Hailey"" pronunciation inspired the rock and roll singer Bill Haley to call the rest of his band his "Comets" after Halley's Comet.

Names for sets of chemical elements

There are areas on the periodic table where elements have similar properties. Such areas include Groups, especially columns. 

For example, all of the first column elements (alkali metals) are light, very soft, react with water rapidly, make hydroxides that are strong bases, and react with the halogens to make colorless ionic compounds. 

The second column elements (alkaline earth metals) are a little heavier, a little harder, react with water a little less rapidly, made hydroxides that are strong bases, and react with the halogens to make colorless ionic compounds.

The other categories are: transition metals, pnictogens, chalcogens, halogens, and noble gases. There are also inner transition metals that are divided into lanthanides and actinides.

Flamsteed designation

Flamsteed designations are for stars that are similar to Bayer designations. However, they use numbers instead of Greek letters. Flamsteed designation contained 2554 stars.

The numbers are usually assigned in the order of increasing right ascension within each constellation. However, because of the effects of precession, they are now slightly out of order in some parts. This method first appeared in John Flamsteed's "Historia Coelestis Britannica", a book that was published by Edmond Halley and Isaac Newton together in 1712.

Inner transition metal

Inner transition metals (ITM) are chemical elements on the periodic table. They are normally shown in two rows below all the other elements. They include elements 57-71, or lanthanides, and 89-103, or actinides. The lanthanides are very similar, and the actinides are all radioactive.

ITMs have three incomplete outermost nucleus shells and are all metals. In some cases they are quite malleable and ductile. Many lanthanides such as Lutetium are used in the lighting industry. Actinides do not occur in nature (except for thorium and uranium), and are highly unstable.

The last electrons enter into the f orbitals of these elements, so they belong to the F-block. The general electron configuration is (n-2)f^0-14(n-1)d^0-2np^6ns^2 where n= 6-7.

Molar mass

Molar mass is the mass of a substance that has 6.022 × 10 atoms (Avogadro's number). The mass number of an element is equal to the molar mass of the element . The molar mass of a chemical compound is the mass when the compound has 6.022 × 10 molecules. Molar mass of Chlorine is 35.45 due to consideration of avg molar mass by including mass of its all isotopes.

It can be found by adding the molar masses of all of its elements. Sodium hydroxide's (NaOH) molar mass can be found by adding the molar mass of sodium, oxygen, and hydrogen, which would be 39.997 g/mo

D-block

The D-block is a group of elements on the periodic table. They include the transition metals. The Group 12 elements are normally called post-transition metals because they are different from the transition metals. The Group 12 elements are still in the d-block though. The d-block can hold up to ten (10) electrons at most.

Group 12 element

A group 12 element is a group in the periodic table of chemical elements. It includes zinc, cadmium, mercury, and copernicium. Copernicium is not stable so its properties are not clear. They all have low melting and boiling points. Mercury is even a liquid. Zinc is the least electronegative and most reactive of the Group 12 elements.

Period 4 element

A period 4 element is an element in the fourth period (row) of the periodic table. It begins at potassium and ends at krypton. Period 4 has 18 elements.

Period 4 elements have electrons in the first four electron shells. All period 4 elements have one or more electrons in the fourth electron shell (valence electrons). When atomic number increases by one, another electron is added. Two electrons join the 4s orbital, ten electrons join the 3d orbital, and six electrons join the 4p orbitals.

Kilogram per cubic metre

A kilogram per cubic meter is a measurement of density. It is defined as the amount of kilograms that one cubic meter of a substance has in it.

Smokey Harris

Thomas Wilfred "Smokey, Fred" Harris (born October 11, 1890 in Port Arthur, Ontario, Canada – June 4, 1974) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward.

Harris began playing professional ice hockey with the Vancouver Millionaires in 1911. After spending some time with the Millionaires he moved on to play for the Seattle Metropolitans and Portland Rosebuds. Eventually he would find his way to the other side of the country to play for the Boston Bruins in the National Hockey League where he scored the first goal in the teams history.

Kilojoule per mole

A kilojoule per mole is a way of measuring the amount of heat needed for something. It is the number of kilojoules needed to make the reaction in one mole of substance.

Enthalpy of fusion

Enthalpy of fusion is the measure of the energy needed to change a substance from a solid to a liquid. Extra energy is needed, more than what is obvious by the temperature scale. For example, ice at 0°C needs to absorb heat before it converts (changes) to water at 0°C. The temperature does not change, but energy is absorbed to change from solid to liquid.


Ionization energy

Ionization energy is the energy needed to remove the most loosely attached electron from an atom. The atom is not connected to any other atoms. The chemical elements to the left of the periodic table have a much lower ionization energy. The ones to the right have a much higher ionization energy. The chemical elements down the periodic table have a much lower ionization energy (due to electrons being farther away from the atom with increasing atomic radius). The ionization energy increases as each electron is removed.

Ionization energies are dependent upon the" atomic radius". Since going from right to left on the periodic table, the atomic radius increases, and the ionization energy increases from left to right in the periods and up the groups. Exceptions to this trend is observed for alkaline earth metals (group 2) and nitrogen group elements (group 15). Typically, group 2 elements have ionization energy greater than group 13 elements and group 15 elements have greater ionization energy than group 16 elements. Groups 2 and 15 have completely and half-filled electronic configuration respectively, thus, it requires more energy to remove an electron from completely filled orbitals than incompletely filled orbitals.

Alkali metals (IA group) have small ionization energies, especially when compared to halogens or VII A group. In addition to the radius (distance between nucleus and the electrons in outermost orbital), the number of electrons between the nucleus and the electron(s) you're looking at in the outermost shell have an effect on the ionization energy as well. This effect, where the full positive charge of the nucleus is not felt by outer electrons due to the negative charges of inner electrons partially canceling out the positive charge, is called shielding. The more electrons shielding the outer electron shell from the nucleus, the less energy required to expel an electron from said atom. The higher the "shielding effect" the lower the ionization energy. It is because of the shielding effect that the ionization energy decreases from top to bottom within a group. From this trend, Cesium is said to have the lowest ionization energy and Fluorine is said to have the highest ionization energy (with the exception of Helium and Neon).

The "first ionization energy is the" energy required to take away an electron from a neutral atom and the "second ionization energy" is the energy required to take away an electron from an atom with a +1 charge and so on. Each succeeding ionization energy is larger than the preceding energy.

Electron orbitals are separated into various shells which have strong impacts on the ionization energies of the various electrons. For instance, let us look at aluminum. Aluminum is the first element of its period with electrons in the 3p shell. This makes the first ionization energy comparably low to the other elements in the same period, because it only has to get rid of one electron to make a stable 3s shell, the new valence electron shell. However, once you've moved past the first ionization energy into the second ionization energy, there is a large jump in the amount of energy required to expel another electron. This is because you now are trying to take an electron from a fairly stable and full 3s electron shell.

Picometre

A picometre is a measurement. It is one millionth of a millionth of a metre. It is also one billionth of a millimetre. This is very small. Many atoms are larger than this. A picometer is 1×10−12 m (1 / 1,000,000,000,000 m). 1 picometer equals 0.001 nanometre , 0.01 angstrom or 1000 femtometre.

1 E-10 m

To help compare different orders of magnitude this page lists lengths between 10 m and 10 m (100 pm and 1 nm).


Covalent radius

The covalent radius is the radius of an atom that is measured when that atom is in a covalent bond. It is normally measured in picometers. It is normally found by X-ray diffraction. Also it is half the distance between two similar atoms joined by covalent bond

Van der Waals radius

The Van der Waals radius is the radius of an atom that is seen as a hard sphere. It is named after someone who realized that atoms were not points, but actual objects. It can be found by the critical point and the physical properties of a gas. It also can be found by a molecular crystal. 

Diamagnetism

Diamagnetism is a type of magnetism. They very weakly repel magnets. Most substances are diamagnetic. It was discovered in 1778 when someone saw that bismuth and antimony repelled a magnet. Diamagnetic things can be levitated. A frog was levitated in a very strong magnet. Water can be repelled by a magnet because it is diamagnetic. It is too weak to be noticed normally, though.

Young's modulus

Young's modulus is the measure of how much force is needed to stretch or compress a substance. Its most basic form is stress/strain. Stress is the measure of the force applied to a certain area. Strain is the amount by which the substance is deformed.

Shear modulus

Shear modulus is a measure of the amount of force that will shear or twist an object. It is normally the letter "G". It is the measure of the force needed to shear an object that is attached to a solid object. It can also measure the amount of force needed to twist an object.

Bulk modulus

The bulk modulus (letter "K") is a measure of the resistance of a substance to compression on all sides. Gases are easily compressed, while solids and liquid are only compressed with difficulty. It is measured by a measuring instrument when another object is placed under pressure. Its unit is psi.

Poisson's ratio

Poisson's ratio (letter "v") is a measure of the contraction that happens when an object is stretched. It is named after Siméon Denis Poisson. This contraction is perpendicular to the stretching force. It can also expand as the object is compressed in a perpendicular direction.

For example, if a block is being stretched as shown in the image to the right, the equation for the poisson's ratio will be: 
Poisson's ratio ranges from 0.0-0.5 for common materials, though for materials with certain structures, can be as low as -1. A material with a Poisson's ratio close to 0 (like cork) can be stretched a lot in the axial direction without changing much at all in the transverse, where as pulling on a material with a high Poisson's ratio (like rubber) will cause it to become much more narrow. A material with a negative Poisson's ratio will expand in all directions as it is stretched.

Brinell scale

The Brinell scale is a measure of hardness in materials. It is measured by making a dent in the material and seeing how deep the dent goes with a known amount of force. It is similar to the Mohs' hardness scale, which scratches the material. It is used to test the hardness of metals. Normally, a steel ball is pressed into an object and the dent made is measured.

CAS registry number

A CAS registry number is a unique number given to every chemical substance by the Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS). It is also called CASRN or CAS number. CAS registry number is also given to organic, inorganic compounds, minerals, isotopes, alloys. They are numbers ending with a check digit. They do not contain any structure information of the chemical.

It now identifies more than 164 million organic and inorganic substances. 68 million protein and DNA sequences are identified also. It is updated with around 15,000 new substances everyday.

Jeff Heerema

Jeff Heerema (; born January 17, 1980 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger. He was drafted in the first round, 11th overall, by the Carolina Hurricanes in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

Danny Gruen

Daniel Patrick Gruen (born June 26, 1952 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. His career included 49 games in the National Hockey League and 181 games in the World Hockey Association, during which he played with the Colorado Rockies, Detroit Red Wings, Michigan Stags, Winnipeg Jets, Cleveland Crusaders, Calgary Cowboys, and Minnesota Fighting Saints.

Mike Hordy

Michael Hordy (born October 10, 1956 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. During his career he played eleven games in the National Hockey League for the New York Islanders.

Steve Hrymnak

Stefan "Steve" Hrymnak (March 3, 1926 – November 23, 2015) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. His career included playing 18 games in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks and Detroit Red Wings.

Board of directors

A board of directors is a group of people. They normally oversee the actions of a corporation or other business. There are laws called bylaws that the board follows. They organize the business, appoint the CEO, organize budgets and take care of financial matters.

Within a board, directors commonly organize themselves into several committees, such as: audit committee, compensation committee, and human resource committee.

Usually once a year, the board of directors invite shareholders to a meeting to talk about the company.

Clinical thermometer

A clinical thermometer is a thermometer used to measure human body temperature. Most made in the 20th century are mercury-in-glass thermometers. They are accurate and sensitive, having a narrow place where the mercury level rises very fast. A kink in the tube stops the mercury level from falling on its own.

These thermometers are used in clinics by doctors, it is a clinical thermometers they are also called a doctor's thermometers or medical thermometers. Most show both Celsius scale and Fahrenheit temperature scales, and run from 35 degree Celsius to 42 degree Celsius. 

Medical thermometers are cleaned before and after each use, with alcohol.

For centuries medical thermometers were large, and took many minutes to register a temperature. Gabriel Daniel Fahrenheit invented a quicker mercury thermometer in 1714, and the Fahrenheit temperature scale. In the 1860s smaller, better ones were made, and thus thermometers were more often used. An ear thermometer was invented in the 1960s, which works quickly and easily. Digital thermometers became widespread in the late 20th century.

Roar

Roar may refer to :


My Name Is

"My Name is" is a song by Eminem, released in 1999. It is the lead single from his major-label debut album, "The Slim Shady LP".

The song contains a sample of Labi Siffre's 1975 track "I Got The ...". Siffre, who is openly gay, stated, "attacking two of the usual scapegoats, women and gays, is lazy writing. If you want to do battle, attack the aggressors not the victims." Eminem made lyric changes and Siffre cleared the sample.


Sugar Act

The Sugar Act (1764) was a tax passed by the British to pay for the Seven Years War, called the French and Indian War in America. 

It taxed sugar and decreased taxes on molasses in British colonies in America and the West Indies. This restricted smuggling. It was also a use of mercantilism. It was one of the first taxes that led to protests in the Thirteen Colonies. The Sugar and Stamp Acts were done away with in 1766. The Sugar Act was terrible for the colonial economy. Some people even went as far as to make attempts on the king’s life because they hated the act so much. Most people in 1764, said the British government was borderline insane to enforce this law. 

This was a petty move by the British monarchy to bully the colonies, too. 

Townshend Acts

The Townshend Duties, formally known as the Townshend Acts, was a tax passed by the British. It was named for Charles Townshend, who was the British Prime Minister at the time. He spearheaded the acts, but he died before the detrimental effects were clear. In 1776, he was hanged in effigy, which means a doll was made to represent him and it was hanged in the town square in Boston. It taxed all imported goods. E.g tea, food, anything that was imported. Townshend wanted the duties to make sure the colonists knew that they were under British rule. The acts were resisted in the Thirteen Colonies.

Tea Act

Tea Act of 1773 was a law made by the Parliament of Great Britain. The law was made to help the East India Company which had massive amounts of tea stored in London which they could not sell. The law would make the company's tea cheaper than other tea which was being smuggled into Britain's North American colonies. This was supposed to make people buy East India Company tea on which the Townshend duties were paid, thus implicitly agreeing to accept Parliament's right of taxation.

The law gave the Company the right to directly ship its tea to North America and the right to the duty-free export of tea from Britain. The tax imposed by the Townshend Acts and collected in the colonies remained in force. It became law on May 10, 1773.

Jay Treaty

The Jay Treaty was a treaty between the United States and Britain in the years following the American Revolution. The main American involved in the treaty was John Jay, who was also Chief Justice of the United States. It was passed by the United States Congress in 1795. It allowed for increased trade with Britain in exchange for the British giving up their forts on the Great Lakes. The Democratic-Republican Party thought that the Jay Treaty was good for the British and bad for the Americans, which led to them burning effigies of Jay.

Aegyptosaurus

Aegyptosaurus, meaning "Egypt's Lizard", is a genus of sauropod dinosaur that lived in Africa around 95 million years ago during the Upper Cretaceous period. Like most sauropods, it had a long neck and a small skull. The animal's long tail probably acted as a counterweight to its body mass. Its tail also ended in a whip-like structure that it used to defend itself against predatory dinosaurs such as "Carcharodontosaurus" and "Spinosaurus". 

"Aegyptosaurus" was a close relative of "Argentinosaurus", a much larger dinosaur that lived in South America at about the same time. This suggests a possible land bridge between Africa and South America during the Cretaceous period. 

"Aegyptosaurus" was discovered and named by a German paleontologist named Ernst Stromer in 1932. Its fossils were found in Egypt, Niger, and in several different locations in the Sahara Desert. All known specimens were discovered before 1939. The fossils were stored together in Munich, but were destroyed when an Allied bombing raid hit the museum in 1944, during World War II.
The type species is "Aegyptosaurus baharijensis", named after the Bahariya Formation in Egypt, where the first fossils were found.

"Aegyptosaurus" was much smaller and more common than its contemporary, "Paralititan".

Public security bureau (China)

In the People's Republic of China, a public security bureau (PSB) is a kind of government office. These offices acting as a Police stations. Smaller offices are called "Police posts". These are similar Japanese Kōban.

PSBs in each province and large city take care of policing law enforcement, public security, and social order. Other duties of such offices include residence registration as well as immigration and travel affairs of foreigners.

Solitary confinement

Solitary confinement is a punishment or special form of imprisonment. A prisoner is not allowed contact with anyone, except the prison staff. It may be a kind of psychological torture. It is also used to protect one prisoner from other inmates in the prison.

Solitary confinement has many other names. In American English it is also called the 'hole', 'lockdown', the 'SHU' (pronounced 'shoe') or the 'pound'. In British English people say 'block' or 'the cooler'.

People who think solitary confinement is necessary give several reasons. Some prisoners are considered dangerous to other people in the prison. Other prisoners might be able to lead crime groups even from inside jail. Also, solitary confinement can be used to stop prisoners from communicating with others because of possible fears about national security. Finally, it may be used for prisoners who are at high risk of being attacked by other inmates, such as pedophiles, celebrities, or witnesses who are in prison themselves. This form of solitary confinement is sometimes called protective custody.

In the US Federal Prison system, solitary confinement is known as the Special Housing Unit (SHU), . California's prison system also uses the abbreviation SHU, but it stands for Security Housing Units. In other states, it is known as the Special Management Unit (SMU), pronounced .

Opponents of solitary confinement claim that it is cruel and unusual punishment and torture. Taking away social contact, and the sensory input is usually part of solitary confinement and can have a powerful negative effect on a prisoner's mind. This may lead to mental illnesses such as depression and even death since humans are social animals.



Thomas Gainsborough

Thomas Gainsborough (14 May 1727 – 2 August 1788) was an 18th-century English portrait and landscape painter. He was born in Sudbury, Suffolk, England. He was the youngest son of John Gainsborough. When he was 13, he surprised his father by how well he drew with the pencil. Impressed, his father let him go to London to study art in 1740. In the 1740s, Gainsborough married Margaret Burr and began painting portraits more than landscapes. He had two daughters. In 1774, Gainsborough and his family moved to London. In 1780, he painted portraits of King George III. He died of cancer in London on 2 August 1788 at age 61 years.

In painting portraits he sometimes painted with brushes on sticks six feet long. This put him at the same distance from subject and canvas, set at right angles to each other.


Leaellynasaura

Leaellynasaura (meaning "Leaellyn's lizard") was a fast-running, plant-eating dinosaur that lived in Australia during the middle Cretaceous Period, roughly 115-110 million years ago. Australia was within the Antarctic Circle during the Cretaceous period, and it had a very long winter.

"Leaellynasaura" is known from two nearly complete skeletons and two skulls. It is described as an ornithopod. Unlike some other ornithischians, the "Leaellynasaura" did not have any tendons in its tail. The tail is known for being among the longest of its relatives: it was three times longer than the rest of the whole body. It also has more vertebrae in its tail than any other ornithischians except for some hadrosaurs. It also had large eyes to help it look in the dark winter.

Muttaburrasaurus

Muttaburrasaurus was a plant-eating dinosaur that lived during the early Cretaceous period, about 113-97.5 million years ago. This dinosaur means "Muttaburra (in Queensland, Australia) lizard". "Muttaburrasaurus" are about 24 feet (7 m) long. They may have lived in herds.

Gulf of Salerno

The Gulf of Salerno is a gulf of the Tyrrhenian Sea in the coast of the province of Salerno in south-western Italy. The northern part of this coast is the Costiera Amalfitana. This includes towns like Amalfi, Maiori, Positano and the city of Salerno itself.

The Gulf of Salerno is separated from the Gulf of Naples (on the north) by the Sorrentine Peninsula, while from the south it is bounded by the Cilento coast.

Gigi D'Agostino

Luigino Celestino Di Agostino (born December 17, 1967) is an Italian disk jockey. He was born in Turin, Italy. Di Agostino is better known under his stage name Gigi D'Agostino. He is also known as the "Violento Man". 


San Bruno, California

San Bruno is a city in San Mateo County, California, United States. The population was 43,908 at the 2020 census.

The city is next to San Francisco International Airport and Golden Gate National Cemetery.

King's College, Cambridge

King's College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It is a very famous college because it is very old and it has a world-famous choir.

The college was founded in 1441. Its full name is "The King's College of Our Lady and St. Nicholas in Cambridge". The students at the university usually just call it "King's". 

King's was founded in 1441 by King Henry VI. At first the college was going to be quite small, but by 1445 the college was going to be a magnificent building to show how important the king was. The king gave the college a lot of money for several feudal privileges. 

King Henry VI had admired what William of Wykeham had done when founding the twin colleges of New College, Oxford and Winchester College in 1379. He copied a lot of Wykeham's ideas when building King's and Eton College. These colleges still have the same tie as part of their uniform.

Originally, the college was just for boys from Eton College. It was not until 1865 that other people could study there. King's does not have any strong connection now with Eton, although there is still a scholarship for a student from Eton to study at King's. 

Although building began in 1441, the project was interrupted by wars and it was not until 1544 that the inside was finished.
By this time King Henry VIII was King of England.

Henry VI is still remembered at the College: each year, on the Saturday after the end of Autumn Term (which in Cambridge is called the "Michaelmas term"), is Founder's Day. It begins with a service in the chapel: the "Founder's Eucharist". This is followed by a Founder's Breakfast with ale and finally a big dinner called "Founder's Feast" to which all members of College in their last year of studies are invited.

The College Chapel is built in the style of late Gothic architecture. It was built over a period of a hundred years (1446–1531) in three stages. The Chapel has the world's largest fan vault, stained glass windows, and the painting ""The Adoration of the Magi"" by Rubens.

Many concerts and college events take place here. The world-famous Chapel choir consists of choral scholars (male students from the college) and choristers (boys educated at the nearby King's College School). The choir sings services on most days in term-time, and also performs concerts and makes recordings and broadcasts. Every Christmas it sings the service called Nine Lessons and Carols which is shown on BBC television as well as heard on the radio.

The Chapel is so famous that it is seen as a symbol of Cambridge, and appears on the logo of the city council.

Nearly all subjects that can be studied at Cambridge can be studied at King's. There is a big library which includes some rare books and manuscripts.

Traditionally students have come from independent schools (so-called "public schools"), but today the college has gradually started to include many students from state schools.

As with all Cambridge colleges King's has its own student unions both for undergraduates and for graduates.

The student union has a long record of activism. In the 1980s a long strike against the college's investment in apartheid South Africa was organised.

The Cellar Bar is a small room in the basement of the college, which is used for music. The main bar at King's is far older. The bar has been traditionally painted a socialist red, including a picture of a hammer and sickle. In 2004 it was redecorated, with the walls painted yellow and the overall décor lightened. A hammer and sickle survives in a frame on the wall. There is a lot of argument about this. King's also has a Coffee Shop next to the bar. A Vacation Bar, or "vac bar", also is sometimes open during the summer vacation, run by (and mainly for) the graduate students who stay in College throughout the year.

Most Cambridge colleges celebrate May Week with a May Ball (which actually falls in June), but since the early 1980s King's has instead held a June Event (a more informal version of a May Ball) which they call King's Affair. The reason they have a different event from other colleges is because many students who were not invited used to forced their way into the party (so-called "gatecrashing"). A ticket usually costs around £60 which is cheap compared to the May Ball tickets for other colleges which can cost up to £200.

Once someone has been admitted to the College, they become a member for life. For this reason, King's alumni (people who used to go there) are referred to as 'Non Resident Members'.


Leavening agent

A leavening agent is a substance used to make a baked good rise. Most people like baked goods that are risen, so leavening agents are popular.

Yeast is a common leavening agent. It is a fungus that converts sugar to ethanol and carbon dioxide. The carbon dioxide makes the bread rise. This is slower and makes the bread more soft. Most of the ethanol evaporates when the bread is baked. The yeast is also killed when the bread is baked. 

Yeast takes longer time to rise than chemical leavening agents. It can also be killed by heat or salt. Yeast is normally sold in small packages. These have yeast fungi. 

"Main articles: Baking powder and baking soda"

There are several chemical leavening agents. For acidic foods, baking soda (sodium bicarbonate) can be used. It reacts with the acid to make carbon dioxide gas, which makes the bread rise. For non-acidic foods, baking powder is used. Baking powder is a mix of a powdered acid and sodium bicarbonate. They react when dissolved in water to make carbon dioxide gas. Baking powder is more common.

Baking powder and baking soda leavening is better for certain baked goods like muffins or cakes. The bread rises much faster with baking powder or baking soda. It is not affected by many other ingredients. But it does not have the same texture or taste that yeast has.

Sweet potato pie

Sweet potato pie is a type of pie. It is common in the southern United States. It is similar to pumpkin pie. It is common at Thanksgiving. It is a side dish or dessert.

"The most delicate root that may be eaten," as the sixteenth-century English mariner and slave trader John Hawkins called it, suited European taste. Henry VIII ate his sweet potatoes in heavily spiced and sugared pies, a fashion that survived at least until the 1680s."

It is normally made as a large tart. It doesn't have a top crust. The filling has mashed sweet potatoes, milk, sugar, eggs, and flavoring. The filling can be made light or dense. Occasionally marshmallows are added as a topping.

Creamy vegetable pie recipes date back to Medieval Europe. It was a favorite of Henry VIII of England. He was known to eat a great number of sweet potato pies at a time believing they were an aphrodisiac. Sweet potato pie appears in the southern United States from the early colonial days. Like many sweet potato recipes, sweet potato pie was likely developed by the black slaves from traditional African cuisine. It is a staple of Soul food today. Recipes for sweet potato pie first appeared in printed cookbooks in the 18th century. It was included with savory vegetable dishes. By the 19th century, sweet potato pie was considered a dessert.


Modern art

Modern art refers to artistic works produced from the 1860s to about the 1970s. It refers to the style and philosophy of the art produced during that era. The period coincides with the invention of mechanical means of recording images: photography and film.

The term "modern art" is usually associated with art in which the traditions of the past have been thrown aside in a spirit of experimentation. Modern artists experimented with new ways of seeing and with fresh ideas about the nature of materials and functions of art. A tendency toward abstraction is characteristic of much modern art, including minimalism . More recent artistic production is often called Contemporary art or Postmodern art.

Modern art begins with the heritage of painters like Vincent van Gogh, Paul Cézanne, Paul Gauguin, Georges Seurat and Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec all of whom were essential for the development of modern art. At the beginning of the 20th century Henri Matisse and several other young artists including the pre-cubist Georges Braque, André Derain, Raoul Dufy and Maurice de Vlaminck revolutionized the Paris art world with 'wild', multi-colored, expressive, landscapes and figure paintings that the critics called Fauvism.

Henri Matisse's two versions of "The Dance" marked a key point in his career and in the development of modern painting. It reflected Matisse's fascination with primitive art: the intense warm color of the figures against the cool blue-green background and the rhythmical succession of the dancing nudes convey the feelings of emotional liberation and hedonism.

Pablo Picasso made his first cubist paintings based on Cézanne's idea that all depiction of nature can be reduced to three solids: cube, sphere and cone. With the painting Les Demoiselles d'Avignon 1907, Picasso dramatically created a new and radical picture depicting a raw and primitive brothel scene with five prostitutes, violently painted women, reminiscent of African tribal masks and his own new Cubist inventions.

Analytic cubism was jointly developed by Pablo Picasso and Georges Braque, exemplified by "Violin and Candlestick, Paris," from about 1908 through 1912. Analytic cubism, the first clear manifestation of cubism, was followed by Synthetic cubism, practised by Braque, Picasso, Fernand Léger, Juan Gris, Albert Gleizes, Marcel Duchamp and several other artists into the 1920s. Synthetic cubism is characterized by the introduction of different textures, surfaces, collage elements, papier collé and a large variety of merged subject matter.

The notion of modern art is closely related to Modernism.

Modern art was introduced to the United States in 1913 and through European artists who moved to the U.S. during World War I. It was only after World War II, however, that the U.S. became the focal point of new artistic movements. The 1950s and 1960s saw the emergence of Abstract Expressionism, one of the most important of the later modernist art movements.

Modern art and Impressionism dominate the world art markets. Of the 20 top art prices, only one is a work of classical art. The world's highest price for a work of art is Jackson Pollock's "No. 5, 1948" privately sold by Sotheby's for (price adjusted) $151.2 million dollars. The modern paintings overtook the old masters in 1987.


Colonial Clash

The Colonial Clash is an annual American College Football rivalry game played between the University of Massachusetts and the University of New Hampshire. These are traditionally the two best programs in the championship subdivision of college football in New England.

The rivalry adopted the name "Colonial Clash" on August 18, 2010, just two months before becoming the first college football match-up ever at Gillette Stadium. Robert Kraft, owner of Gillette Stadium and its tenants, the New England Patriots and New England Revolution, called it "a fitting name for a border rivalry between schools who represent two of the original colonies." The game is scheduled to be held at the professional venue in both 2010 and 2011.

The two schools have played each other every year since 1952, with UMass holding a 43-26-3 advantage. UNH captured the 2008 game 52-21 while UMass won on homecoming in 2009, 23-17. In 2006, the schools played twice, meeting first on November 4th in Durham, NH (with UMass winning 28-20), then again on December 2nd in Amherst for the NCAA FCS Quarterfinals (UMass winning 24-17). After each regular season meeting, the Billy Knight Trophy is awarded to the MVP of the game.

Since the separation of Division I college football into two separate tiers in 1978, UMass has played for the National Championship three times (1978, 1999, 2006), winning in 1999. While New Hampshire has not yet reached a National Championship game, they were the #1 overall seed in the 2005 FCS playoffs.

Classical physics

Classical physics are the physics that were made before the 20th century. This part of physics studies things like movement, light, gravity, and electricity. 

Most of physics today uses ideas that are more complicated than the ideas of classical physics, because in the 20th century, physicists discovered two better ways to describe nature: the theory of relativity and quantum mechanics. 

Classical physics turned out not to work when the things being studied were very, very small (around the size of atoms or smaller), or were moving very, very fast (around the speed of light). So, around the beginning of the twentieth century, Albert Einstein worked out his Theory of Relativity and people like Neils Bohr, Werner Heisenberg. and Erwin Schrödinger created quantum mechanics. 

Sir Isaac Newton, and many scientists before him, helped create classical physics. They observed that some things in nature such as the falling of an apple occur the same way each time. Newton made equations that let him such events. He called these equations laws of physics. 

Newton's laws of physics have been tested by s and by using them in doing jobs. Sometimes things (like powerful winds) mess up the results of the experiment a bit, and the results come out a little wrong. But when people make efforts to get rid of these extra factors, the results of the experiments almost always get closer to what Newton's laws predict.


Huayangosaurus

Huayangosaurus is a genus of stegosaurian dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic of China. The name comes from "Huayang", a name for Sichuan province. 

It lived about 165 million years ago. That is some 20 million years before its famous relative, "Stegosaurus" appeared in North America. At only 4.5 metres long, it was also much smaller than its famous cousin. Found in the Lower Shaximiao Formation, "Huayangosaurus" shared the local landscape with the sauropods "Shunosaurus", "Datousaurus", "Omeisaurus" and "Protognathosaurus", the ornithopod "Xiaosaurus" and the carnivorous "Gasosaurus".

Like other stegosaurians, "Huayangosaurus" was a quadrupedal herbivore with a small skull and a spiked tail. "Huayangosaurus" had the distinctive double row of plates of all stegosaurians. These plates rose vertically along its arched back. In "Huayangosaurus", the plates were more spike-like than in "Stegosaurus". Like "Stegosaurus" it had two pairs of long spikes extending horizontally near the end of its tail.

"Huayangosaurus" was one of the smallest known stegosaurians, at just 4.5 meters in length.

"Huayangosaurus" remains from twelve animals were got from the Dashanpu Quarry near Zigong in Sichuan. The type species is "H. taibaii".

As the most basal stegosaurian, it is put in its own family "Huayangosauridae". It is also morphologically distinct from later (stegosaurid) forms. Its skull was broader and had premaxillary teeth in the front of its mouth. All later stegosaurians lost these teeth.

It had plates all down its back and spikes on its tail. Two large spikes were above its hips, and may have been used for deterring an attack from above (it was fairly short in height compared to later stegosaurians). Its plates were smaller than those of "Stegosaurus", with much less surface area. Thus they would have been much less effective heat regulators, one of the supposed functions of plates.

Mounted skeletons of "Huayangosaurus" are on display at the Zigong Dinosaur Museum in Zigong and the Municipal Museum of Chongqing in Sichuan Province in China.



Gas balloon

A gas balloon is a kind of balloon that uses a gas of low density to fly using buoyancy. Gas balloons sometimes fly very high, very far, and for a very long time.

A gas balloon is different from a hot air balloon. A hot air balloon uses a fire to lower
the density of air. A gas balloon does not use fire.

The most common use for gas balloons are to measure the atmosphere. These are called weather balloons.

Some gas balloons carry people. 

Evanna Lynch

Evanna Patricia Lynch (born 16 August 1991) is an Irish actress. She became famous by playing "Luna Lovegood", a supporting character in the "Harry Potter" movie series. Lynch was cast as Luna at the age of 14, having acted only in school plays before. From 2007 to 2009, she starred in two Harry Potter movies and their video games. She later returned for the final movies ("Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows") and the first of the movie's two video games. Lynch's work on the series has earned her two award nominations.

Art Nouveau

Art Nouveau is an international art movement and style based on organic forms. It was seen in modern art, graphic design, architecture and applied arts such as decoration, jewellery, ceramics and glass. It peaked in popularity at the fin de siècle of the late 19th century (1890–1905), and continued until the First World War.

A reaction to academic art of the 19th century, Art Nouveau is organic in style. It has floral and plant-inspired motifs, and stylized, flowing curvilinear forms. Art Nouveau is an approach to design according to which artists should work on everything from architecture to furniture, making art part of everyday life.

The movement was strongly influenced by Czech artist Alphonse Mucha. Mucha produced a lithographed poster as an advertisement for the play "Gismonda" by Victorien Sardou, starring Sarah Bernhardt. The poster appeared on 1 January 1895 in the streets of Paris. It was an overnight sensation, and announced the new artistic style and its creator to the citizens of Paris. Initially called the "Style Mucha", this soon became known as "Art Nouveau".

Art Nouveau's fifteen-year life was most strongly felt throughout Europe—from Glasgow to Moscow to Madrid—but its influence was global. In France, Hector Guimard's Paris Metro entrances shaped the landscape of Paris and Emile Gallé was at the center of the school of thought in Nancy. Victor Horta had a decisive impact on architecture in Belgium.

Magazines like "Jugend" helped spread the style in Germany, especially as a graphic design form, while the Vienna Secessionists influenced art and architecture throughout Austria-Hungary. Art Nouveau was also a movement of distinct individuals such as Gustav Klimt, Charles Rennie Mackintosh, Alphonse Mucha, René Lalique, Antoni Gaudí and Louis Comfort Tiffany, each of whom interpreted it in their own individual manner.

Although Art Nouveau fell out of favour with the arrival of 20th-century modernist styles, it is seen today as an important bridge between Neoclassicism and modernism.

Art Nouveau monuments are now recognized by UNESCO on their World Heritage Sites list as significant contributions to cultural heritage. The historic center of Riga, Latvia, with "the finest collection of art nouveau buildings in Europe", was inscribed on the list in 1997 in part because of the "quality and the quantity of its Art Nouveau/Jugendstil architecture". Four Brussels town houses by Victor Horta were included in 2000 as "works of human creative genius" that are "outstanding examples of Art Nouveau architecture brilliantly illustrating the transition from the 19th to the 20th century in art, thought, and society".

E.S. Posthumus

E.S. Posthumus is a two-person band. They mainly made music for movies (and their trailers). Franz Vonlichten and Helmut Vonlichten created the music from Pythagorean ideas that combine very different elements and still produce harmony. Franz died tragically in 2010. Helmut released the last song "Christmas Eve" in November 2010. The group ceased its activity. In November 2011, Helmut Vonlichten has formed a new band called Les Friction.

Miloš Forman

Miloš Forman (18 February 1932 – 13 April 2018) was a Czech-American movie director and screenwriter. He was an emigrant to the US from Czechoslovakia. He was born in Caslav. Two of his movies, "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", and "Amadeus" won the Academy Award for Best Picture and are very famous. He also directed "Hair" and "People vs. Larry Flynt". He won the Academy Award for Best Director twice.

He became an American citizen in 1977. His full name was Jan Tomáš Forman. 

Forman died at a hospital in Danbury, Connecticut from a short-illness on 13 April 2018 at the age of 86.

Academy Awards

Golden Globe

Cannes

Berlinale

BAFTA

César Award

David di Donatello

European Film Academy

Czech Lion

List of Greatest Czechs


Wheat flour

Wheat flour is a type of flour made from wheat kernels. There are two main types of wheat flour: whole wheat flour and white flour. Whole wheat flour has the whole grain of wheat, making it more nutritious. White flour only has the endosperm of the wheat grain, making it less nutritious. White flour is preferred by many people. White flours are normally enriched. Wheat flour can be sifted to make it finer and smoother.


Dysgraphia

Dysgraphia or agraphia is the learning disability to write texts, even though the person has the necessary motoric skills. People with dysgraphia can move their hand enough, and are also capable of understanding how to write. 

Dysgraphias may happen because of damage done to the brain, but it is more common as a defect in brain function present from birth. It may occur occur with other defects, such as speech problems. Many people who suffered a stroke may have lost the ability to move parts of their body. 

There are different forms of dysgraphia:


List of African dinosaurs

This is a list of dinosaurs whose remains have been recovered from Africa. 

Africa has a rich fossil record, but it is patchy and incomplete. Prosauropods dating from the late Triassic period, about 230 million years ago, have been discovered in Madagascar. 

Africa is rich in Triassic and Lower Jurassic dinosaurs. African dinosaurs from these time periods include "Syntarsus", "Dracovenator", "Melanorosaurus", "Massospondylus", "Euskelosaurus", "Heterodontosaurus", "Abrictosaurus", and "Lesothosaurus". The Middle Jurassic is poorly represented in Africa. Only the three sauropods "Cetiosaurus", "Lapparentosaurus", and "Archaeodontosaurus" have been discovered dating from this time period. 

The Upper Jurassic, however, is well represented in Africa, mainly thanks to the spectacular Tendaguru Formation, a Lagerstätte in southeastern Tanzania. "Allosaurus", "Ceratosaurus", "Elaphrosaurus", "Giraffatitan", "Dicraeosaurus", "Janenschia", "Tornieria", "Tendaguria", "Kentrosaurus", and "Dryosaurus" are among the dinosaurs whose remains have been recovered from Tendaguru. This fauna seems to show strong similarities to that of the Morrison Formation in the United States and the Lourinha Formation in Portugal. For example, "Allosaurus", "Ceratosaurus", and "Dryosaurus" have been found in both the Tendaguru and the Morrison. This has important biogeographical implications. This means the animals could travel between most continents at that time (Pangaea).

The Lower Cretaceous in Africa is known primarily from the northern part of the continent, particularly Niger. 

"Suchomimus", "Elrhazosaurus", "Spinostropheus", "Rebbachisaurus", "Nigersaurus", "Kryptops", "Nqwebasaurus", and "Paranthodon" are some of the early Cretaceous dinosaurs known from Africa. The early Cretaceous was an important time for the dinosaurs of Africa because it was when Africa finally separated from South America, forming the South Atlantic Ocean. This was an important event because now the dinosaurs of Africa started developing endemism because of isolation.
The Upper Cretaceous of Africa is known mainly from North Africa. During the early part of the Upper Cretaceous, North Africa was home to a rich dinosaur fauna. It includes "Spinosaurus", "Carcharodontosaurus", "Rugops", "Bahariasaurus", "Deltadromeus", "Paralititan", "Aegyptosaurus", and "Ouranosaurus". During the latest Cretaceous, at the end of the Age of Dinosaurs, "Majungasaurus", "Masiakasaurus", "Rapetosaurus", and the flying dromaeosaurid "Rahonavis" lived in Africa. 

This is a timeline of selected dinosaurs from the list above. Time is measured in mya along the x-axis.


Boeing 747-400

The Boeing 747-400 is a jet airliner, a variant of the Boeing 747. Compared to the original 747, the 747-400 features improvements such as more powerful engines, new avionics, a new interior, and a longer-span wing with winglets. The 747-400 first flew in 1988 and entered service in 1989. It was produced until 2009 in six different variants: 747-400, 747-400F, 747-400M, 747-400D, 747-400ER, and 747-400ERF.

Xiaosaurus

Xiaosaurus (means "dawn lizard)" was a small, plant-eating dinosaur. It walked on two long legs, had four-toed feet, five-fingered hands, short arms, a long, stiff, pointed tail, a flexible neck, and a small head with large eyes.
This early dinosaur ornithischian lived during the mid-Jurassic period, about 169–163 million years ago. It was small and lizard-like, about four feet (1.2 m) long – smaller than an adult human. Fossils of this dinosaur were found in China. 

Vulcanodon

Vulcanodon was a long-necked dinosaur that lived during the early Jurassic period, about 208 to 201 million years ago. It was an early sauropod.

A partial fossil has been found in Mashonaland North, Zimbabwe, Africa.
"Vulcanodon" was about 20 feet (6.5 m) long. It was a long-necked, long-tailed plant-eater with a small head, thick legs, and a bulky body. It had nail-like claws on its feet and an enlarged claw on each big toe. Its front legs were relatively long.

Olympiacos F.C.

P.A.E. Olympiacos C.F.P. is a football club which plays in Greece. The club based in Piraeus, Greece. The colours of Olympiacos is red and white and its emblem is an adolescent with a crown made of laurel, representing an ancient Olympic Games winner. It is the most successful Greek team. Up to 2021-22 season they have won forty-seven League titles, twenty-eight Greek Cups and four Greek Super Cups, more titles than any other Greek team and it is one of the three teams that have never been relegated from the first division.

Olympiacos is the most popular Greek club with around two and a half million fans in Greece and was placed ninth on the list with the most paid up members in the world in 2006, having 83,000 registered members as of April 2006. They share a great and long-standing rivalry with Panathinaikos.
The Karaiskakis Stadium is the current (since 2004) and traditional home of Olympiacos. With a capacity of 32,115, it is the largest football-only stadium and the second largest football stadium in Greece. It was built in 1895 as Neo Phaliron Velodrome, to host the cycling events for the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens. Olympiacos started using it since its foundation in 1925. In 1964 it was renovated and was given its current name after Georgios Karaiskakis a military commander of the Greek War of Independence, with an athletics track around the pitch.

Olympiacos left the Karaiskakis Stadium temporarily and played at the newly built Athens Olympic Stadium in 1984. 1989 the team returned to their traditional home, where they played until 1997. Olympiacos went back to the Athens Olympic Stadium till 2002. In 2002 they movedto the Georgios Kamaras Stadium in Rizoupoli, home of Apollon Smyrnis till 2004

In 2003 the stadium was given to Olympiacos in order to build a football-only ground to be used for the football tournament of the 2004 Olympics. Olympiacos got exclusive use of the stadium until 2052. The old stadium was demolished in the spring of 2003 and the new one was completed on 30 June 2004 . The stadium als has a museum of Olympiacos.

 





Lancia Dedra

The Lancia Dedra is an automobile produced by Lancia. It replaced the Lancia Prisma in 1989, and was replaced by the Lancia Lybra in 2000.


Treasure Planet

Treasure Planet is a 2002 American animated science fiction movie produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation, and released by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Pictures on November 27, 2002. The 42nd animated movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics, the movie is based on Robert Louis Stevenson's adventure novel "Treasure Island" and was the first movie to be released in both normal and IMAX theaters at the same time. The movie uses hand-drawn 2D traditional animation over 3D computer animation. And it was theatrical released with a 2002 Pixar short, "Mike's New Car".

The movie was co-written, co-produced, and directed by Ron Clements and John Musker, who had pitched the concept for the movie at the same time that they pitched "The Little Mermaid". "Treasure Planet" features the voices of Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Brian Murray, David Hyde Pierce, Martin Short, Emma Thompson, Michael Wincott, Laurie Metcalf, and Roscoe Lee Browne. The musical score was composed by James Newton Howard, while the songs were written and performed by John Rzeznik. Although it got mostly positive reviews, the movie did not perform well at the box office in the United States. The movie cost $140 million to make but only earned $38 million in the United States and Canada and just under $110 million in the rest of the world. It was nominated for the 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.

As a young boy, Jim Hawkins (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) grows up enjoying stories of the legendary pirate Captain Flint. Twelve years later, he has grown into a wayward, rebellious teenager; his father is out of the picture and his mother Sarah (Laurie Metclafe) is at her wit's end. Jim reluctantly helps his mother out at the Benbow Inn, and finds entertainment through "Solar Surfing" (similar to windsurfing and sky surfing), a hobby which gets him into frequent trouble.

One day, a spaceship crashlands near the inn, and Billy Bones (Patrick McGoohan), the ship's pilot, is critically injured. Before succumbing to his wounds, he gives Jim a sphere and warns him to "beware the cyborg". After this, a gang of pirates raid the inn and raze it to the ground, as Jim, Sarah and their dog-like friend Dr. Delbert Doppler (David Hyde Pierce), escape. Taking refuge in Delbert's study, Jim discovers the sphere is a map to the legendary Treasure Planet.

Doppler commissions a ship called the RLS Legacy, on a mission to search for Treasure Planet. The ship is captained by the cat-like, free-spirited Captain Amelia (Emma Thompson), and the stone-skinned Mr. Arrow (Roscoe Lee Browne); the crew is secretly led by the half-robot cook Long John Silver (Brian Murray), who Jim suspects is the cyborg that Bones warned him about. Jim is sent to work in the galley, where Silver and his shapeshifting pet alien Morph supervise him. Although Jim does not trust Silver, they form a tenuous father-son relationship.

On the voyage, the ship encounters a supernova. While Jim secures the lifelines, he saves Silver just in time. The supernova then devolves into a black hole, and Mr. Arrow falls to his death into the abyss. As Amelia mourns Arrow, she suspects Jim failed to secure his lifeline, when it was really severed by the treacherous crablike pirate Scroop (Michael Wincott).

As the ship approaches Treasure Planet, Jim eavesdrops on the crew and discovers that they are following Silver, which leads to a mutiny. Jim, Doppler, Amelia and Morph escape, but the map is left behind. Silver, thinking that Jim has the map, targets to kill him, but hesitates; Amelia ends up being wounded when the fugitives are shot down in the escape.

While Jim explores Treasure Planet's jungles, the group come across the eccentric robot B.E.N. (Martin Short), who has lost his primary memory and invites them to his home for shelter, where the group are cornered by the pirates; Using a back door, Jim, B.E.N. and Morph return to the ship in an effort to recover the map. Scroop attacks them, but ends up falling into the abyss. The group obtain the map, but end up being caught by Silver (who has captured Doppler and Amelia) when they return.

Silver coerces Jim into using the map, which can open a portal to any location in the universe, which leads Jim to realize this was how Flint conducted his raids. The portal to Treasure Planet is opened, and the group discover the planet is a giant space station which Flint commandeered in order to store his loot. As the pirates prepare to collect the loot, Jim finds Flint's skeleton, holding the missing piece of B.E.N.'s cognitive computer. After reinserting it, B.E.N. immediately remembers that Flint rigged the planet to explode upon the treasure's discovery. As the planet falls apart, Silver, in a desperate attempt not to leave emptyhanded, tries to escape on a boat loaded with treasure, but sacrifices the treasure to save Jim. The survivors escape to the ship, but it is damaged and becomes unable to leave the planet in time. Jim rigs a rocket-powered sailboard, and rides ahead of the ship to the portal. At the last moment, Jim sets the portal to the Montressor Spaceport, and he and the crew clear the destruction.

Jim discovers Silver has escaped below decks. Jim allows Silver to leave, and Silver gives Jim Morph, as well as providing him some of the treasure he rescued before the planet's destruction to help him rebuild the Benbow Inn; as he leaves, Silver tells Jim he will "rattle the stars". Amelia offers Jim a recommendation to the Interstellar Academy, before he returns to the spaceport to reunite with his mother. Sometime later, a celebration is held at the rebuilt Inn; Doppler and Amelia marry and have children, and Jim becomes a military cadet. During the party, Jim sees an image of Silver in the clouds, smiling proudly.

Several "Treasure Planet" video games were released. In October 2002, Disney Interactive released the naval strategy game "" for the PC, while in November, Sony Computer Entertainment released two separate "Treasure Planet" action video games for the PlayStation (developed by Magenta Software) and PlayStation 2 (developed by Bizarre Creations). Bizarre Creations used Softimage's XSI engine for modeling, texturing and animation, and released a Making-of video on their Facebook page in 2008. A Game Boy Advance game based on the film was also released.

A series of games collectively called "Disney's Treasure Planet: Training Academy" (or "Disney's Treasure Planet Collection") was also released in 2002. It was composed of three games ("Broadside Blast", "Treasure Racer", and "Etherium Rescue"), and players with all three games could unlock a fourth game ("Ship Shape").

Woolsthorpe-by-Colsterworth

Woolsthorpe-by-Colsterworth is a hamlet in the United Kingdom. It is in Lincolnshire, England. It is 100 miles north of London. It is the town where scientist Sir Isaac Newton was born. Newton was born and lived at Woolsthorpe Manor, which is a small farm house. The apple tree which made him think about gravity can still be seen in the garden.

Second Great Awakening

The Second Great Awakening was a Protestant religious movement in the United States. The Second Great Awakening, which spread religion through revival meetings and emotional preaching, sparked a number of reform movements. 

It was led by people such as Charles Grandison Finney, Henry Ward Beecher, Lyman Beecher, Edward Everett and Joseph Smith. It started in upstate New York in the 1790s, but spread to New England and the Midwest. During the Second Great Awakening, thousands of people gathered at large religious meetings called revivals. The people of the Second Great Awakening thought they could bring about a Golden Age in America through religion. The Second Great Awakening led to new religious movements such as the Holiness Movement and the Mormons, and helped groups like the Methodist Church grow. 

The Second Great Awakening led to two movements in reform, that is, changing laws and behaviors to make society better. One of these was the Temperance Movement, which believed that drinking alcohol was not good for society. The other was abolitionism, which wanted to end slavery. People such as Harriet Beecher Stowe and William Lloyd Garrison wrote books and newspapers about how slavery should stop. They formed political movements, including the Liberty Party, the Free Soil Party and the Republican Party (United States).

Black Hawk War

The Black Hawk War was a war between the Indians under command of Chief Black Hawk and American settlers on the frontier in 1832. It took place mostly in Illinois and Wisconsin. Several small battles were fought, including the Battle of Stillman's Run and the Battle of Bad Axe. During the War, dozens of Americans and hundreds of Indians were killed. Many more Americans died of cholera and other diseases than died in battle. After the War, the Sac, Fox and Kickapoo Indians lost most of their land in Illinois and Wisconsin. Both future Union President Abraham Lincoln and future Confederate President Jefferson Davis fought in the Black Hawk War, both on the side of the Union.

Populist Movement

The Populist Movement, also known as the People's Party was a movement in late-19th century America. It grew out of groups such as the Grange Movement. It was largely a movement of farmers, who were poor and felt big businesses, such as railroads, were to blame. Its leaders included Thomas Watson and William Jennings Bryan. The populists had a series of demands known as the Omaha Platform. Here are some of the things the Omaha Platform wanted:

Though the Populists never and only controlled a few state governments for a few years, many of the demands of the Omaha Platform, such as the income tax and direct election of Senators, were later done as part of the Progressive Movement

Fauvism

Fauvism (French for "The Wild Beasts") was the name of a modern art movement in the early 20th century, led by the painters Henri Matisse and André Derain. The Fauves were a group of French painters who were influenced by the bright colours used by the Post-Impressionists Vincent van Gogh and Paul Gauguin.

The bright colourful style of painting that they used began around 1900 and continued beyond 1910, but the group was only together for three years, 1905–1907. In that time they had three exhibitions together. Their influence has continued until the present day, and was adopted or influenced many artists who are not usually thought of as fauvists. Aristarkh Lentulov is one good example.


American crocodile

The American crocodile is a species of crocodile that lives in the Americas. They usually move from the southern United States to the northern South America. Its scientific name, "Crocodylus acutus", means "Pointy-snouted crocodile". It is because of the shape of its snout.

The American crocodile is a species of a crocodile with a high adult survival rate. The American crocodiles can live for a long time. Like all crocodiles, the American crocodile has four short legs; a long, powerful tail; and scaly skin.

The nostrils, eyes, and ears are on the top of its head, so the rest of the body can be hidden underwater for surprise attacks Camouflage also helps it catch food. The snout is longer and narrower than that of the American alligator. American crocodiles are paler and more grayish than the dark-hued American alligator. The American crocodile crawls on its belly. It can also "high walk". Big ones can run as fast as nearly 16 km/h (10 mph). They can swim at as fast as 32 km/h (20 mph).

The average length for adult in the continental rivers can be 2.9 to 4 m (9 ft 6 in to 13 ft 1 in) long. Males weigh up to 382 kg (842 lb). Females can be 2.5 to 3 m (8 ft 2 in to 9 ft 10 in) and weigh up to 173 kg (381 lb).

American crocodiles are more vulnerable to cold weather than American alligators. While an American crocodile cannot survive in water temperatures of 7.2 °C (45.0 °F) and below. American crocodiles will lose consciousness and drown due to hypothermia in that temperature. American crocodiles have a faster growth rate than alligators.
American crocodiles feed mostly on fish, but big ones may prey on bigger animals, such as deer.

American crocodiles are a somewhat aggressive crocodile species and have been known to attack humans. Attacks on humans are rare, but happen more often in Mexico.

The American crocodile's range in southern Florida overlaps with that of the closely related American alligator. However, while the American alligator's range stretches as far north as Virginia, the American crocodile's range in the United States is confined to southern Florida. 

This is because alligators are much better at tolerating cold weather than crocodiles. The body temperature of alligators has been known to drop to 38 degrees Fahrenheit without any harm at all to the alligator. However, the American crocodile is better at tolerating saltwater than the alligator. American crocodiles have regularly been sighted 140 miles away from shore in the Caribbean Sea.

Bagaceratops

Bagaceratops (meaning "small horned face") was a plant-eating dinosaur that had a bony ridge along the back of its skull. This ceratopsian dinosaur lived during the late Cretaceous period, roughly 84 to 71 million years ago. "Bagaceratops" fossils have been found in Mongolia.

"Bagaceratops" had a large head, a bulky body, a parrot-like beak, cheek teeth, triangular cheek protuberances, a short snout horn, and a small frill on its head. This ornithischian (bird-hipped) dinosaur was about 3 feet (1 m) long. "Bagaceratops" walked on four short legs (it was a quadruped).

"Bagaceratops" could eat tough plants; it had powerful jaws and cheek teeth that could chew the food.

Nodosaurus

Nodosaurus (meaning "knobbed lizard") was a large, armored, quadrupedal (it walked on four legs), tank-like dinosaur. It lived in the first part of the Upper Cretaceous about 113–98 million years ago. Three very incomplete "Nodosaurus" fossils have been found in Wyoming and Kansas; no skulls have been found yet. It was named by paleontologist Othniel C. Marsh in 1889.

"Nodosaurus" was about 13 to 20 ft (4-6 m) long. It was an ornithischian (bird-hipped) dinosaur with bony dermal plates covering the top of its body. It had four short legs, five-toed feet, a short neck, and a long, clubless tail. The nodosaurids had no tail club; it is not known how they defended themselves.

Patriot Act

The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, also known as the USA Patriot Act is an anti-terrorism law. It was proposed by the Bush Administration soon after the September 11 attacks. At that time, President Bush had very high approval ratings and it was clear that most Americans wanted him to do something to stop more terrorism. The bill passed quickly in Congress, mostly before it had even been fully read. The act made it much easier to control money terrorists had in bank accounts. It also made it easier for the government to access people's library and phone records. The act was criticized by many organizations, particularly the American Civil Liberties Union, for being a threat to Americans' civil liberties and rights.

Aztec Empire

The Aztec Empire was a large empire in Central America. It existed between about 1345 AD and 1521 AD. When the Empire was largest, it spread across most of Mesoamerica. 

During that time, the Aztecs built one of the world's most advanced societies. The Aztec Empire was also very powerful. Its warriors took over many nearby states and helped spread Aztec culture and religion across Mesoamerica. 

However, in 1519, Spanish conquistadors came to the Aztec Empire. With help from the Aztecs' enemies, the Spanish fought the Aztecs for control of their empire. On August 13, 1521, the Aztec Empire fell apart and the Spanish took over. They made the area a Spanish colony and renamed it New Spain. Aztec was 2 feet tall.

Before the Aztec Empire existed, the indigenous (native) people in central Mesoamerica lived in many separate city-states. These were small cities with farmland around them. Each state had its own ruler. Around 1100 AD, these city-states started to fight each other for power and control of the area's land.

By about 1400, two city-states had grown into small empires. In 1428, these two empires fought the Tepanec War for control of the area. The Texcoco empire made an alliance with some other powerful city-states, including Tenochtitlan, and won the war. These allies were supposed to share power equally as they started to gain control of more land. However, by 1430, Tenochtitlan became the most powerful member of the alliance. It became the capital city of the Aztec Empire, and its ruler became the 'high king' of the entire Empire.

From 1430 onward, the Aztec Empire grew. Its military took over most of what is now northern Mexico. At this point, the Aztec Empire controlled 135,000 square kilometres (almost 84,000 square miles) of Mesoamerica.

When the Aztecs took over a state, they would take prisoners for ritual human sacrifice in Tenochtitlan. The state would also have to pay the Aztec Empire "tributes" (almost like taxes). As the Aztecs took over more and more states, these tributes made them very rich.

Sometimes, when the Aztecs took over a state, they would bring that state and its people into the Aztec Empire. However, if a state was on the edge of the Empire, the Aztecs might let it stay its own state. They did this so they would have other states around the Empire, protecting them from an invasion by other powerful states.

The Aztecs had built their capital city right on a lake called Lake Texcoco. As the Empire grew, so did Tenochtitlan. By the early 1500s, at least 200,000 people lived in the city. This made Tenochtitlan the largest city in the Americas before Christopher Columbus arrived.

Tenochtitlan was the center of the Aztec government and religion. It was also a very big trading center. When the Spanish arrived in 1519, they guessed that 60,000 people came to the market in Tenochtitlan every day. People bought and sold many things there, including slaves (prisoners of war from states the Aztecs had taken over). The city had a huge pyramid called the Templo Mayor (Great Temple). The entire city was decorated with art, architecture, and stone sculptures.

The Aztecs had created canals all across the city. By bringing water to Aztec crops, these canals made it possible for the Aztecs to grow much more food than they normally could have. The Aztecs had also made levees to protect the city from flooding, and reservoirs for fresh water.<br>
At its most powerful, the Aztec Empire controlled about 11,000,000 people. Among these people, there were different social classes with different social statuses. The most important people were the rulers. Next were nobles. These were the Empire's powerful members of the government; great warriors; judges; and priests. These people enjoyed a high social status.

The next social class was the commoners (common people). These were the Empire's everyday workers. Most of them farmed, ran stores, or traded. Commoners were allowed to own land as a group or a family. However, a single person was not allowed to own land.

The lowest social classes in Aztec society were serfs and then slaves. Slaves had no rights at all. However, if they had the money, they could buy their own freedom and become commoners.

For most of the Aztec Empire's existence, it was very difficult to move between social classes. Usually, if a person was born in a social class, they would stay in that class for the rest of their life.

By age 15, all children in the Aztec Empire had to go to school, no matter what social class they were in. This was very unusual for the time. In other places, like Europe, only boys were allowed to go to school, and only rich people could pay to send their children to school.

Until they were 15, children were taught by their parents. Once they turned 15, all children had to go to school. For most boys, the most important part of going to school was to make them the best possible warriors for the Empire.

Children of commoners went to schools called "telpochcalli" ('youth houses'). Boys got military training, while girls were taught how to do religious ceremonies. Both boys and girls were also taught about Aztec religion, morals, and history. They also learned singing, dancing, and public speaking.

The nobles' children went to a school called a "calmecac". Its goal was to get the children ready for jobs as the Empire's leaders. These included jobs as military or government leaders; priests; scholars; teachers; and healers. These schools taught about things like astronomy, geometry, mathematics, debate, law, music, poetry, architecture, agriculture, and war. Boys had to eat and sleep at their schools. They usually started at age 15 and left around age 20 to get married. Girls could become priestesses or work in medicine, helping other women give birth.

When a young person was ready to get married, their education would end. This usually happened in their late teenage years or early twenties. Especially with nobles, marriages were arranged. This meant children's parents, or possibly other older people in the community, would choose who a person married. Many marriages among noble youth were arranged as a power strategy (for example, to unite an Aztec with a family from a state that was recently taken over). Marriage ceremonies lasted four days.

Aztec men were allowed to have other wives as well as concubines. However, they were also expected to raise their sons, which was unusual for ancient societies (where women usually did all of the child-raising).

Aztec society also gave women rights that few other societies gave at the time. Even after marrying, an Aztec woman's property and money were still her own; they did not go to her husband. Women were also allowed to work in medicine, education, religion, and trade.

The Aztecs had strict rules and punishments for people who broke Aztec morals. For example, things like disorderly conduct (causing trouble in public), drunkenness, could be punished by execution.
<br>
<br>
All adult men in the Empire had to be in the Aztec military. Men from states that had alliances with the Aztecs also fought in the Aztec military. So did some men from states that the Aztecs had taken over. Because of this, the Aztec military was large and powerful. 

At this time, most battles were fought in big cities. If an army took over one of a state's biggest cities, it was then allowed to take control over all the land around those cities.

Aztec warriors protected themselves with thick cotton armour. They also had shields made of wood or reeds, and covered in dried animal skins.

For weapons, warriors had a few choices:
<br>
<br>

The Aztecs were polytheistic, meaning they believed in many different gods. Two of the most important gods they worshipped were "Huitzilopochtli", the god of war and the sun, and "Tlaloc", the rain god. The Aztecs set up temples specifically to honor these gods at the top of the pyramid in Tenochtitlan. However, they also worshipped hundreds of other gods. Each one controlled some part of human life (like "Quetzalcoatl", the god of learning and civilization), or some part of nature (like "Zipe Totec", the god of springtime and regrowth).

In the Aztecs' religion, the sun was very important. The Aztecs believed that the world went through five stages, and each had its own sun. At the end of each stage, the gods would destroy the world and create a new one but only four times. They thought they were living in the fifth and last stage, and that the gods could decide to destroy the world at any minute.

The Aztecs did many things to try to honor the gods and keep them happy. For example, they threw festivals, had banquets, made statues, and buried valuable items, all as offerings to the gods. They did penance, like cutting themselves and letting blood run out, to try to get the gods to forgive them for whatever they might have done wrong. They did ritual sacrifice of animals (killing the animals as part of a religious ritual).

Like many other ancient civilizations, the Aztecs also sacrificed human beings to the gods.

As Mesoamerican scholar Mark Cartwright explains:
The Aztecs sacrificed people in three different ways:
<br>
<br>
Some historians say the Aztecs had a "culture of war." This means that everything focuses on making people into good warriors and people who support war. One textbook says:
However, there were many parts to the Aztec culture. They studied astrology and used the movements of the planets and the stars to create different calendars. They understood and taught things like mathematics and poetry. They had a complex view of religion, the universe, and many other things.

Aztec culture respected and appreciated art. They collected pieces of art from all over their Empire to decorate Tenochtitlan. They also formed guilds of artisans people who specialized in making certain kinds of art. They made paintings, pottery, carvings, and many other things. They used all sorts of materials, including gold, silver, amethyst, wood, and stone. Huge stone sculptures were a popular type of art. Aztec artists made their pyramid and other stone buildings into art too, by carving into them.

The Aztecs used symbolism in their art. They even used art as propaganda. For example, when they took over a state, they would build temples and statues with Aztec symbols on them. They also used paintings that showed Aztec rulers as being close to the gods, doing what the gods wanted them to do. This art spread Aztec religion and culture, and also reminded states that had been taken over just how powerful the Aztec Empire was.
<br>
<br>

From 1519-1521, Spanish conquistadors, led by Hernán Cortés, defeated the Aztec Empire. They made the Empire into a Spanish colony which they called New Spain.

Originally, things between the Spanish and the Aztecs were friendly.

However, soon, while Cortés was away, Spanish soldiers attacked and killed many Aztecs during a festival. The Aztecs fought back, and they killed two out of every three Spanish soldiers. The conquistadors left Tenochtitlan.

Ten months later, Cortés came back to Tenochtitlan with more soldiers. They started a siege of Tenochtitlan, so that no food or supplies could get in. After 91 days, without any food, and with disease throughout the city, the new emperor Cuauhtemoc finally surrendered to the Spanish on August 13, 1521. The Spanish destroyed Tenochtitlan. The Aztec Empire had ended.

<br>

Elf (band)

Elf was an American rock band that was active between 1967 and 1975. The band was previously called the Electric Elves. They released their first album, "Elf", in 1972. The album was co-produced by Ian Paice and Roger Glover, who would later work with Elf's lead singer Ronnie James Dio in the band Rainbow.


Jason Jaspers

Jason Matthew Jaspers (born April 8, 1981 in Thunder Bay, Ontario), is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently playing for Kölner Haie (the Cologne Sharks) of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.

Jaspers was drafted 71st overall by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft. He was drafted from the Sudbury Wolves of the Ontario Hockey League. Jaspers made his professional start in the 2001–02 season with the Coyotes affiliate the Springfield Falcons of the American Hockey League. Jaspers made his National Hockey League (NHL) start in the same season, after he received his first NHL assignment on January 20, 2002.

Jaspers then spent the next four years primarily with the Falcons of the American Hockey League. Unable to make the NHL regularly he was traded by the Coyotes to the Tampa Bay Lightning for Jarrod Skalde on July 25, 2005. Jason however, never played a game with the Lightning, playing for their affiliate coincidentally still the Springfield Falcons.

Jaspers finally left the Falcons, ranking second in all-time appearances, in the 2006–07 season when he signed with German team Adler Mannheim, on July 6, 2006. After three years with Adler Mannheim signed on 6 April 2009 with Kölner Haie.

In July 2008 Jason married his highschool sweetheart, Morgan McKee. Morgan is from Sudbury, Ontario where Jason played junior hockey for the Sudbury Wolves. Currently they have no children and live in Germany.


Jacob Epstein

Sir Jacob Epstein KBE (10 November 1880 – 19 August 1959) was an American-born British sculptor, a pioneer of modern sculpture. He was born in the United States, and moved to Europe in 1902, becoming a British citizen in 1911. He often produced controversial works which challenged taboos on what was appropriate subject matter. His portrait heads were traditional, but much of his other work was modernist. He also made paintings and drawings, and often exhibited his work.

The sculptures "Ecce Homo" (Old Coventry Cathedral) and "Rock Drill" (1913–1914, Museum of Modern Art, New York City), are famous and important, but we have no images of them. On view in the Strand, London near Trafalgar Square, are his sculptures for Zimbabwe House. There are a number of his busts (sculptures of heads) in the National Portrait Gallery, also near Trafalgar Square.


Galvanizing

Galvanizing is the coating of a metal with a more reactive metal to stop corrosion. Normally zinc is used to coat iron. The zinc coating corrodes instead of the iron, stopping the iron from corroding. Even if the zinc is scratched, it does not corrode. Metal corrodes after the paint is scratched. The zinc eventually corrodes all the way and then the iron starts corroding.

Galvanizing can happen in two ways. There is hot dip galvanising, where the object is dipped in a pool of liquid zinc. This makes a thicker coating that lasts a long time. It does not have a shiny clean surface, though, so some people would not like it as much.

There is also electro-galvanizing. This is the electroplating of zinc onto an object. It is shiny but thinner, so it does not last as long.


Brookhaven National Laboratory

Brookhaven National Laboratory is a laboratory in the United States at Long Island, New York. It is on the former location of Camp Upton, a US army camp. It was opened in 1947. It is in the greater area of the town of Brookhaven. Its motto is "Passion for discovery". The Laboratory was originally owned by the Atomic Energy Commission. It is now owned by the US Department of Energy. There are about 3000 people working there. Several people there have won Nobel Prize awards.

National Institutes of Health

The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is part of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). It is their agency for research. There are 27 separate institutes and offices. Each of them have separate areas of health which they research. Most of them are located in Bethesda, Maryland. The NIH made vaccines against hepatitis, Haemophilus influenzae (HIB) and human papillomavirus. The current Director of the NIH is Francis Collins since 2009.

In 1887, a laboratory for the study of bacteria, the Hygienic Laboratory, was established within the Marine Hospital Service, which at the time was expanding its functions beyond the system of Marine Hospitals into quarantine and research programs. It was initially located at the New York Marine Hospital on Staten Island.[7][8][9] In 1891, it moved to the top floor of the Butler Building in Washington, D.C. In 1904, it moved again to a new campus at the Old Naval Observatory, which grew to include five major buildings.[10]

In 1901, the Division of Scientific Research was formed, which included the Hygienic Laboratory as well as other research offices of the Marine Hospital Service.[11] In 1912, the Marine Hospital Service became the Public Health Service (PHS).[9] In 1922, PHS established a Special Cancer Investigations laboratory at Harvard Medical School. This marked the beginning of a partnership with universities.[9]

In 1930, the Hygienic Laboratory was re-designated as the National Institute of Health by the Ransdell Act, and was given $750,000 to construct two NIH buildings at the Old Naval Observatory campus.[9] In 1937, NIH absorbed the rest of the Division of Scientific Research, of which it was formerly part.[11][12]

In 1938, NIH moved to its current campus in Bethesda, Maryland.[9] Over the next few decades, Congress would markedly increase funding of the NIH, and various institutes and centers within the NIH were created for specific research programs.[9] In 1944, the Public Health Service Act was approved, and the National Cancer Institute became a division of NIH. In 1948, the name changed from National Institute of Health to National Institutes of Health.

Later historyEdit

In the 1960s, virologist and cancer researcher Chester M. Southam injected HeLa cancer cells into patients at the Jewish Chronic Disease Hospital.[13]: 130  When three doctors resigned after refusing to inject patients without their consent, the experiment gained considerable media attention.[13]: 133  The NIH was a major source of funding for Southam's research and had required all research involving human subjects to obtain their consent prior to any experimentation.[13]: 135  Upon investigating all of their grantee institutions, the NIH discovered that the majority of them did not protect the rights of human subjects. From then on, the NIH has required all grantee institutions to approve any research proposals involving human experimentation with review boards.[13]: 135 

In 1967, the Division of Regional Medical Programs was created to administer grants for research for heart disease, cancer, and strokes. That same year, the NIH director lobbied the White House for increased federal funding in order to increase research and the speed with which health benefits could be brought to the people. An advisory committee was formed to oversee the further development of the NIH and its research programs. By 1971 cancer research was in full force and President Nixon signed the National Cancer Act, initiating a National Cancer Program, President's Cancer Panel, National Cancer Advisory Board, and 15 new research, training, and demonstration centers.[14]

Funding for the NIH has often been a source of contention in Congress, serving as a proxy for the political currents of the time. In 1992, the NIH encompassed nearly 1 percent of the federal government's operating budget and controlled more than 50 percent of all funding for health research, and 85 percent of all funding for health studies in universities.[15] While government funding for research in other disciplines has been increasing at a rate similar to inflation since the 1970s, research funding for the NIH nearly tripled through the 1990s and early 2000s, but has remained relatively stagnant since then.[16]

By the 1990s, the NIH committee focus had shifted to DNA research and launched the Human Genome Project.[17]


Los Angeles Times

The Los Angeles Times is a newspaper. It is the second largest newspaper in the United States. It is published in Los Angeles, California. It is the fourth most popular newspaper in the United States. It was created in 1881.

Bugle

The bugle is a very simple brass instrument. It has no valves or other mechanisms, the only way the player has to control the pitch is changing the shape of his lips. This means that only notes from the harmonic series can be played.

The bugle comes from instruments made from animal horns. The earliest bugles were shaped in a loop – usually a double loop, but sometimes triple or single – similar to the modern French horn, and were usually used to send messages during hunts. Predecessors and relatives of the developing bugle included the post horn, the Pless horn, and the bugle horn.

The first use of a brass horn as a military signal was the Halbmondblaser, meaning "half-moon blower", used in Hanover in 1758. It was U-shaped (this is where its name comes from) and easily carried with a shoulder strap. It first arrived in England in 1764 where it was slowly it became used often by foot soldiers. Cavalry did not normally use a proper bugle, but instead used an early trumpet that made a sound which was easier to hear from nearby, but travelled less far.

The bugle is used mainly in the military where the bugle call is used to make announcements. A long time ago, the bugle was used in the cavalry to pass instructions from officers to soldiers during battle. In the Bible, bugles are found in the time of Moses, when God commanded Moses to 'make two bugles of hammered silver' in Numbers 10:1-3. They were used to assemble the leaders and to give marching orders to the camps.

In the drum and bugle corps the bugle has changed from its military origins, and now has valves. In American drum and bugle corps, G is considered the traditional key for bugles to be pitched in. However, current rules in both Drum Corps International and Drum Corps Associates define a bugle as a brass instrument in any key, with 0 to 4 valves, and bell front.

Civilian drum corps were made using instruments sold off by the military in the early 1900s, and the last official change made to the military bugle (before it stopped being used because of the invention of the radio) was to make them all use the key of G. Bugles in other parts of the world used to be in B flat or E flat.

The bugle is also used in the Boy Scouts. They use some of the same calls as the military, but not all.

The cornet is sometimes wrongly considered to be the "valved version" of the bugle, although it comes from the French "cornet de poste" (post horn).

19th century versions based on the original bugle included keys and valves. Keyed bugles were invented in England in the early 19th century, with a patent for one design, the Royal Kent bugle, taken out by Joseph Halliday in 1811. This bugle was highly popular and widely in use until around 1850 – for example, in works by Richard Willis, later bandmaster of the United States Military Academy Band at West Point. This version of the bugle stopped being used when the valved cornet was invented.

Modern instruments considered bugles often have valves.




Trevor Johansen

Trevor Daniel Johansen (born March 30, 1957 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 286 games in the National Hockey League. Johanssen was drafted with the 12th overall pick in the 1977 NHL Entry Draft by the Toronto Maple Leafs. In addition the Maple Leafs he also spent time with the Colorado Rockies, and Los Angeles Kings.

James Jarvis

James "Jim, Bud" Jarvis (December 7, 1907 – May 7, 1983) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played three seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). His time in the NHL included playing for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Philadelphia Quakers and Toronto Maple Leafs. He was born in Fort William, Ontario.

Henry Moore

His forms are usually abstractions of the human figure, typically mother-and-child or reclining figures. Moore's works usually suggest the female body, apart from a phase in the 1950s when he did family groups. His forms are generally pierced or have hollow spaces. Some think the undulating form of his reclining figures reflect the landscape and hills of his birthplace, Yorkshire.

Moore was born in Castleford, the son of a mining engineer. He became known for his larger-scale abstract cast bronze and carved marble sculptures. His large-scale commissions made him exceptionally rich. Yet he lived carefully and most of the money he earned went towards endowing the Henry Moore Foundation. This supports education and promotion of the arts.

He did some work in architecture. in 1955 Moore did his only work in carved brick, "Wall Relief" at the Bouwcentrum in Rotterdam. The brick relief was sculpted with 16,000 bricks by two Dutch bricklayers under Moore's supervision.

Schloss Esterhazy

Schloss Esterhazy is a palace in Eisenstadt, Austria.

It was built in the end of 13th century and belonged to Esterházy family.

Flotation

Flotation is a process where gas bubbles are injected at the bottom of a tank containing a mixture of a liquid and solid particles to separate the solid particles from the liquid. When the gas bubbles move along the liquid mixture, the solids particles stick to the surface of the bubbles. The bubbles form a foam at the surface of the liquid: this foam contains the solid particles, so after the flotation process the solids can be removed just cleaning the liquid from this foam.

Flotation is used to separate sulfide ores from the impurities in the ore (gangue). A detergent is added to the mixture and it is stirred. The sulfide minerals float, while the gangue sinks to the bottom and is removed. This is used in making zinc, where zinc sulfide (sphalerite) is a major zinc ore.

Gangue

Gangue is the worthless substance that is left behind when minerals are processed. 

When minerals are collected, the ore that is wanted is found only in small amounts. Flotation is used to concentrate the ore. The ore floats while the gangue sinks to the bottom. Sometimes minerals thought of as gangue are later recovered and used.

Arctic willow

The arctic willow (salix arctica) is a kind of willow plant. It grows to less than 6 inches tall. The leaves are pale green with white hairs on top.


Hesperornithoides

Hesperornithoides is a troodontid theropod dinosaur from the Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation of western North America. 

The fossil was found in Wyoming, as the site was carefully documented by the collectors.

A phylogenetic analysis was presented in an abstract in the "Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology" in 2005. The analysis decided the specimen was a close relative of "Sinornithoides".

This dinosaur is very significant because it is the oldest known troodontid from North America. Until the discovery of Lori, troodontids were believed to have first originated and evolved in Asia and then migrated to North America. Most troodontids were discovered in Asia, and the previously oldest known troodontids, from the Lower Cretaceous, lived there. 

Niigata Prefecture

Until after the Meiji Restoration, the area that is now Niigata Prefecture was divided into Echigo Province and Sado Province. 

Niigata is next to Yamagata Prefecture, Toyama Prefecture, Nagano Prefecture, Gunma Prefecture and Fukushima prefecture. 

Niigata is the fifth largest prefecture in Japan by area. 

In winter, it snows a lot in Niigata, and winter sports are popular.

National Parks are established in about 25% of the total land area of the prefecture. including 

"Yahiko-jinja", "Kota-jinja", "Amatsu-jinja" and "Watatsu-jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 


Panoplosaurus

Panoplosaurus was an armored tank-like dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous, living about 76–73 million years ago. 

"Panoplosaurus" was a herbivore (a plant-eater). It ate low-lying plants, like ferns and cycads. This nodosaurid ankylosaur (with no tail club) was about 23 ft (7 m) long and weighed about 3.5 tons. It had a bulky body, four short legs, a short neck, and a stiff tail.

Polacanthus

Polacanthus was an armoured, spiked, plant-eating dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous, about 132 to 100 million years ago. "Polacanthus" means "many spines."

Some paleontologists think that "Polacanthus" is the same genus as "Hylaeosaurus". Fossils of this ankylosaurid have been found in England.

"Polacanthus" was about 12 feet (4 m) long and about 4.8 feet (1.5 m) tall. It was a bulky quadruped that relied on its many rows of bony spikes for protection. No head is known for this genus.

Earl Warren

Earl Warren (March 19, 1891 – July 9, 1974) was an American lawyer, judge and politician. He served as Governor of California from 1943 to 1953. Warren ran for Vice-President in 1948 as a Republican, but lost to Alben W. Barkley in a close election.

Warren was born in Los Angeles and grew up in Bakersfield before moving to Oakland. He served in World War I. 

In 1925, he became District Attorney of Alameda County, and later Attorney General of California. In 1953, he became Chief Justice of the United States. 

He was Chief Justice when the Supreme Court issued "Brown v. Board of Education" and "Miranda vs. Arizona". These two cases were very important civil rights cases in the United States. Warren was also in control of the Warren Commission. It looked into a possible conspiracy in the killing of President Kennedy. Warren retired from the Court in 1969, and died in Washington, D.C., in 1974.

Abstract art

Abstract art is modern art which does not represent images of our everyday world. It has colour, lines and shapes (form), but they are not intended to represent objects or living things. Often the artists were influenced by ideas and philosophies of abstraction.

Abstract art is found in painting and in sculpture. There are also many works of art which are partly abstract, and partly representational. Many artists worked in abstract and other types of modern art.

Purely abstract art is a 20th-century invention. It grew out of the earlier forms of modern art, but it is perhaps the one movement which is absolutely modern. It has no roots in earlier art (as we use the term today).

One of the first to achieve complete abstract paintings was Kazimir Malevich, who presented a completely black square in 1913. He was a Suprematist, an art movement based on simple geometrical shapes. Art based on geometry is a kind of geometric abstraction. Wassily Kandinsky painted a famous work "Composition VII" in 1913, which was completely abstract and very complex.

The case of Manierre Dawson, an American from Chicago, is very interesting. During a tour of Europe in 1910, he started painting true abstract works. Back in the United States, he became convinced that he could not earn a living at art, and became a farmer. He was forgotten until a rediscovery in 1963. He may have been the first person to paint a completely abstract work.

There are many hundreds of other artists who painted abstracts. Piet Mondrian and the sculptor Henry Moore deserve mention for their wide influence on other artists.

After World War II, abstract art became a dominant form of art in the United States, with some outstanding exponents. Immigrants such as Mondrian, Max Ernst and Mark Rothko, and native-born Americans such as Barnett Newman and Jackson Pollock became almost household names.

Abstract expressionism is the name given to the American post-World War II art movement. It was the first specifically American movement to achieve worldwide influence and put New York City at the center of the western art world, a role formerly filled by Paris. The term was used in 1919, but is more widely used for American work of the 1940s to 1960s. Of the previous generation of painters, Kandinsky is most clearly an abstract expressionist.

Technically, an important predecessor was surrealism, with its Freudian emphasis on dreams, and on spontaneous, automatic or unconscious creation. Jackson Pollock's dripping paint onto a canvas laid on the floor is a method of using spontaneity. It was novel, and brought into play several factors. Action: movements, how the artist worked. Automatism and the unconscious: the work was planned, but details were not.

Abstract expressionist paintings share certain characteristics. The artists use large canvases, sometimes very large. There is an "all-over" approach: the whole canvas is treated with equal importance, as opposed to the center being of more interest than the edges. The canvas as the arena became a credo of Action painting, while the integrity of the picture plane became a credo of the Color field painters.

According to the Royal Academy, there are five things we should know about abstract expressionism:

Paintings such as those of Jackson Pollock which express the actions and movements of the painter.

Paintings mainly of coloured shapes of a geometric or bulbous kind. Examples: Mark Rothko, Barnett Newman, Josef Albers, Kenneth Noland.


Bill Johansen

William Odd "Red" Johansen (July 27, 1928 – March 21, 2001) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. The high point of his career was one game played in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs. He was born in Oslo, Norway, and he grew up in Port Arthur, Ontario.

J. Bob Kelly

John Robert "Battleship" Kelly (born June 6, 1946) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played 425 games in the National Hockey League. He played for the St. Louis Blues, Pittsburgh Penguins, and Chicago Black Hawks. Although official NHL records call him "Bob Kelly" he was commonly known during his NHL playing career as J. Bob Kelly, in an effort to differentiate himself from the Bob Kelly who played primarily with the Philadelphia Flyers at that time.


Myelin

Myelin is a substance that forms the coating of axons in the brain and the rest of the central nervous system. This coating is also known as the myelin sheath. It is a substance made of about 80% lipid and 20% protein. Its main function is to speed the relay of electricity messages in the nervous system. It is milky white and slippery in appearance and texture, giving rise to the term "white matter" in the brain.

Myelin is an important part of proper neural function. In later life, a process called demyelination can occur, causing poor neural function. Demyelination may be a cause of Alzheimer's disease. Multiple sclerosis happens when myelin is damaged.

Dick Kotanen

Dick Kotanen (born Eino Richard Erwin Kotanen; November 18, 1925 – September 11, 2011) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1950–51 NHL season. Kotanen died on November 9th 2011. 

Scott King

Scott Glenndale Martin King (born June 25, 1967 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He played in only two National Hockey League games for the Detroit Red Wings. He was drafted 10th (190th overall) in the 1986 NHL Entry Draft.



Chemical composition

Chemical composition is the arrangement, type, and ratio of atoms in molecules of chemical substances. Chemical composition varies when chemicals are added or subtracted from a substance, when the ratio of substances changes, or when other chemical changes occur in chemicals. Chemical formulas show this information.

The chemical composition of a substance determines the intramolecular forces and properties of the substance. This means that the way atoms are put together in something determines the color, density, strength, texture and other properties of the thing. Chemists can use tests to learn the chemical composition of a substance, including a pH test, flammability test, heavy metal test etc. 

A particular chemical has a particular ratio of its atoms, allowed by their valence (chemistry). An example is Hydrogen Fluoride, or HF, which has 1 Hydrogen atom in ratio to every 1 Fluorine atom. This substance has strong intramolecular forces of attraction because it is a hydrogen bond. 

London Zoo

London Zoo is the world's oldest scientific zoo. It was opened in London on 27 April 1828, and was originally intended to be used as a collection for scientific study. It was eventually opened to the public in 1847. Today it has a collection of 673 species of animals, with 19,289 individuals, making it one of the largest collections in the United Kingdom.

It is managed by the Zoological Society of London (ZSL), established in 1826. It is at the northern edge of Regent's Park, on the boundary line between City of Westminster and Camden (the Regent's Canal runs through it). The Society also has a larger site at ZSL Whipsnade Zoo in Bedfordshire to which the larger animals such as elephants and rhinos have been moved.
As well as being the first scientific zoo, ZSL London Zoo also opened the first Reptile house (1849), first public Aquarium (1853), first insect house (1881) and the first children's zoo (1938).

ZSL receives no state funding and relies on 'Fellows', 'Friends', 'Members', entrance fees and sponsorship to get income.

However, the ZSL's nearby "Institute of Zoology" may get public grants as a scientific institution. It has an international reputation in bioconservation.

Ramon Sessions

Ramon Sessions (born April 11, 1986) is a professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball at the University of Nevada for three years before entering the 2007 NBA Draft. The Milwaukee Bucks chose him with the 56the pick of the draft.

On April 14, 2008, Sessions scored 20 points and had 24 assists in a game against the Chicago Bulls. Although the Bucks lost this game to the Bucks, Sessions set a Bucks record for the most assists by one player in a game.

In September 2009, Sessions signed a contract to join the Minnesota Timberwolves. The Timberwolves traded him to the Cleveland Cavaliers in July 2010. Sessions was then traded to the Los Angeles Lakers in March 2012.

Volkswagen Polo Mk4

The Volkswagen Polo Mk4 is the fourth generation of the small car Volkswagen Polo. It replaced the Mk3 in early 2002 and featured twin round headlights which remained until its facelift in mid-2005 and in late 2009 was replaced by the Mk5. The platform of the Mk4 Polo was also used for the SEAT Ibiza, the SEAT Córdoba and the Škoda Fabia.


Volkswagen Polo Mk5

The 'Volkswagen Polo Mk5 is the fifth generation of the small car Volkswagen Polo. It succeeded the Mk4 in 2009. The platform of the Mk5 Polo was also used for the Audi A1 and the SEAT Ibiza. It was facelifted in 2014.


Len Brown

Len Brown (born ) was the 1st mayor of Auckland in New Zealand and a lawyer. He was elected mayor of Manukau in October 2007, the second time he ran for that office. He won the 2010 Auckland mayoral election on 9 October 2010 and was sworn in as mayor of Auckland on 1 November 2010. His term ended in 2016.

He was born in Taumarunui, and his family moved to Otara in Auckland when he was seven years old. He attended Mayfield Primary School, Papatoetoe Intermediate School and De La Salle College. He has fond memories of his early life, saying "they were generous, generous days". His life growing up has been described as centred on family, church, school and community, while parents Tom and Ngaire were described as strong believers in social equity and social justice as well as active in the community life. While he did not grow up in Auckland, his family often travelled to see relatives there, because his parents had moved to Taumarunui from South Auckland.

Brown worked as a lawyer. He was a partner at law firm Wynyard Wood, and co-founded the Howick Free Legal Service.

He was first elected to the Manukau City council in 1992, and continued as councillor until 2004 when he did not run for re-election. He was also the chairperson of the Counties Manukau Health Council from 1998. Brown first ran for mayor of Manukau in 2004, and narrowly lost to long serving mayor Sir Barry Curtis; he lost by fewer than 600 votes. Brown had considered requesting a re-count due to the closeness of the vote, but decided that he had not been close enough to warrant it. Despite his affiliation with the New Zealand Labour Party since age 17, Brown did not run for election in the 2005 General Election, and instead returned to working for Wynyard Wood.

Brown announced that he was running to be the Mayor of Manukau in 2006. Barry Curtis announced that he would not be running for re-election, and Brown's main opposition were former Olympic runner Dick Quax and radio host Willie Jackson. Brown resigned from Wynard Wood in 2007 to focus on his candidacy full time. In August 2007, both Quax and Brown were polling "neck and neck". Brown's campaign was based on several policies, including; capping rates at the cost of inflation, increasing public transport, and working with youth in the region.

Brown won the election in October 2007 with more than 32,000 votes; his next closest rival Dick Quax had less than 18,000, and the election was jokingly called a 'Lenslide' by some. He was officially sworn in on 26 October 2007 at the Manukau City Council hall.

On 31 May 2008 he suffered a heart attack while at a music awards ceremony, and was admitted to Auckland Hospital. He had a congenital heart problem that had not been diagnosed before. Brown had successful heart bypass surgery two days later and made a full recovery, returning to his duties after a few months. His wife acknowledged that the attack was not stress-related, but rather a family issue, with Len's mother having died from a heart attack at 47.

In August 2009, Brown stated he would run for the mayoralty of the combined Auckland "super-city" in the Auckland mayoral election, 2010. Brown announced his candidacy in front of more than 300 supporters at Sorrento in the Park, One Tree Hill, Maungakiekie. His campaign speech focused on delivering public transport, public ownership of the region's public assets, environmental protection, economic and social development. He won the position by 60,000 votes over main rival candidate, Auckland City mayor John Banks, on 9 October 2010.

In June 2010, Brown came under media attention for matters relating to his spending on his council credit card and other council expense claims, which included items of a personal nature like toys, groceries and insect repellent. His later explanations for these purchases were also examined at a council meeting, where Brown repeatedly slapped his face and got emotional. An advisor later explained that Brown's emotional behaviour was caused by his use of a Maori tradition, which Brown said was not true.

Another council expense claim included an $810 dinner at a restaurant, but Brown refused to say who was there. He said that the event was a fundraiser for a local singer for which the Council bought a table, an explanation later supported by the artist.

Brown is married to Shirley Anne Inglis, and has three children. They live in the Totara Park suburb of Manukau.

Progressivism

The idea of progress is the belief that human society gets better and better over time. Progressivism is a kind of politics based on social progress. It is also a . Progress started being supported by many philosophers in the Age of Enlightenment. They believed that new inventions and scientific discoveries would make people's lives better.

Progressivism often supports reforms and change. It is related to liberalism and egalitarianism.

Progressive politics generally wants to change government in a new way. Unlike conservatism which wants to keep government similar. It most often refers to a political movement in the United States in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, called the Progressive Era. In the United States, these people wanted to change politics, which was at that time run by big business and corrupt political machines. Most of the people who believed in the Progressive Movement were part of the middle class. Some of the leaders of the progressive movement were Theodore Roosevelt, Hiram Johnson , William Howard Taft, Robert M. La Follette, Sr., Franklin D. Roosevelt, and Howard Dean.


Edgar Laprade

Edgar Louis "Beaver" Laprade (October 10, 1919 – April 28, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played for the New York Rangers in the National Hockey League (NHL). He also spent time with the Port Arthur Bearcats of the Thunder Bay Senior Hockey League.

Born in Mine Centre, Ontario, Edgar was one of Canada's top senior hockey players before joining the NHL. He helped the Bearcats win the 1940 Allan Cup, before joining the Rangers in 1945. While with the Rangers, he would win the 1946 Calder Memorial Trophy and the 1950 Lady Byng Memorial Trophy. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1993.

Laprade died at the age of 94 in Thunder Bay, Ontario from natural causes.


National Recovery Administration

The National Recovery Administration (NRA) was an agency in the Federal government of the United States in the 1930s, during the New Deal. It was formed by the National Recovery Act during the first "Hundred Days" of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. It regulated the economy. It was the first agencies that could control minimum wages. It was headed by Hugh S. Johnson, a former general. The NRA lasted until 1935, when the United States Supreme Court said it was unconstitutional. 

Works Progress Administration

The Works Progress Administration (or WPA) was an agency in the United States during the New Deal. It was formed in 1935, during the "Second New Deal". It employed more workers than any government agency had before. It built thousands of roads, schools, and government buildings. Part of it was the Federal Art Project, which created, such as murals by Diego Rivera and the play "The Cradle Will Rock". The agency was led by Harry Hopkins. It lasted until World War II. This program gave millions of people jobs during the great depression.

William H. Prescott

William Hickling Prescott (May 4, 1796 – January 29, 1859) was an American historian who was interested in Spain and the Spanish Empire. He is known as one of the first great American historians. Prescott was made almost blind after a boy threw a piece of bread at his eye when he was sixteen. This meant that he could not work in a normal job.

Prescott's grandfather was William Prescott, a soldier who fought for the United States in the American Revolutionary War. Prescott grew up in Boston, Massachusetts, which is a city on the east coast of the United States. When Prescott was 15, he went to Harvard University. After he got his degree, he studied many different topics, before deciding that he was interested in the history of Spain. He wrote many books about Spanish history, which were very popular. His work had a significant impact on the study of the history of Spain. 
William H. Prescott was born in Salem, Massachusetts, on May 4, 1796. He was the oldest of seven children, but four of his brothers and sisters died at a young age. His parents were William Prescott, Jr., a lawyer, and his wife, Catherine Greene Hickling. His grandfather William Prescott served as a colonel during the American Revolutionary War.

Prescott first went to school when he was seven. The family moved to Boston, Massachusetts, in 1808. Prescott went to Harvard University in 1811, at the age of 15. He was good at Latin and Greek, but found mathematics difficult. He graduated from Harvard in 1814.

After he had graduated, Prescott traveled to the island of São Miguel in the Azores, where his grandfather and Portuguese grandmother lived. After staying there two weeks, he went to London, where he stayed with the famous surgeon Astley Cooper and the eye-expert William Adams. Prescott found it difficult to write because his eyesight was so poor, so Adams gave him a device called a noctograph to help him. 

He visited Hampton Court Palace with John Quincy Adams, who was a diplomat in London. Adams later became President of the United States. In 1816, Prescott travelled in France and Italy. He met an American academic, George Ticknor in Paris. Ticknor became a very good friend of Prescott. Prescott returned to America in December 1816. He spent the next four years studying Italian and Spanish literature. He also married Susan Amory, the daughter of Thomas Coffin Amory and Hannah Rowe Linzee, on May 4, 1820.

In the 1820s, Prescott wrote two essays for the "North American Review", an American academic journal. Both were about Italian poetry. However, Prescott became interested in the history of Spain due to his friend George Ticknor, who had become professor of Spanish studies at Harvard University. Prescott decided that he wanted to write a book about Ferdinand and Isabella, who were King and Queen of Spain in the early 1500s, in January 1826. After gathering source material, Prescott started writing the "History of Ferdinand and Isabella" in October 1829. He had finished it by July 1836. It was published on Christmas Day, 1837 by the "American Stationary Company", which was based in Boston, with a print run of 500 copies. Prescott dedicated the book to his father. The book sold very well, and was published in London in 1838. Prescott later made a shortened version of the work. In recognition of this work, he was awarded three honorary doctorates, by Columbia University, College of William and Mary and South Carolina College. 

Prescott wrote three other books on the Spanish Empire. The first, "The History of the Conquest of Mexico", was written between 1838 and 1842 and published in 1843. It is thought to be one of the most important books written on ancient Mesoamerica. It was so popular at the time that John Y. Mason, the United States Secretary of the Navy had a copy placed in the library of every fighting ship. Today, it is still the best known and most popular work by Prescott. The "Conquest of Mexico" was followed by the "Conquest of Peru", which was written between 1843 and 1847, and published in March 1847. It was similarly successful. Prescott's last book, the "History of the Reign of Phillip II" was never finished and is not thought to be of the same quality as his other works. Prescott started work on it in 1842, but stopped in 1858 after suffering a stroke. 



Gloria Steinem

Gloria Marie Steinem (born March 25, 1934) is an American radical feminist and writer. She founded "Ms." magazine, and also wrote for several other magazines. Steinem is Jewish and is from Toledo, Ohio.

Steinem started the Women's Media Centre with Jane Fonda and Robin Morgan in 2005. 

In 2013 she was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Barack Obama for her support of abortion rights.

Steinem was married to David Bale (1941–2003) from September 3, 2000 until his death.


Betty Friedan

Betty Friedan ( February 4, 1921 – February 4, 2006) was an American writer, activist and feminist. She wrote the book "The Feminine Mystique" in 1963. She argued in the book that there was more to life for women than the achievements of their husbands and children. In an interview for Life magazine in 1963 she said "Women of the world unite! You have nothing to lose but your vacuum cleaner!" She helped set up the National Organization for Women (NOW) in 1966 and was its first president. In 1981 "The Second Stage" was published. In the book Friedan said that the women's movement had reached its second stage.

Friedan married Carl Friedan in 1947. Friedan died on her 85th birthday.

Icelandic name

Icelandic names are different from most other naming systems used in the West, in that the names follow a patronymic (sometimes matronymic) surname pattern.

This means that when a person is named, their last name is the name of their father, plus -son. So if a man called Eric had a son called Leif, Leif's name would be Leif Ericsson.

The same is true for females, although sometimes women take the name of their father for their last name, or the name of their mother. Also, the suffix -sdottír is added to the end of the parent's name. So, if a girl called Astrid's parents were Leif and Inga, then their daughter could be called either Astrid Leifsdóttir, or Astrid Ingasdóttir.

Changes were announced to the laws about names in 2019. Given names are not limited by gender anymore. People that are registered officially with a non-binary gender will be able to use the suffix -bur ("child of") instead of -son or -dóttir.

This naming system is the same naming system that was used by the Vikings. Iceland has kept this naming system because Iceland is an island, and had little contact with the outside world for quite some time, so there was not much change in things like customs, language and naming systems.

Crystal Castles

Crystal Castles was an experimental electronic music duo from Toronto, Canada. It was made up of producer Ethan Kath and vocalist Alice Glass. The band has released three albums, all named "Crystal Castles", in 2008, 2010, and 2012. Their first album made the "NME" list of the 50 greatest albums of the decade, placing at #39.

On October 24, 2017, Glass said that when she was in the band, Kath had abused her. Kath has denied this. On December 21, 2017, Toronto Police Service said there was an open Sex Crimes unit investigation on Kath. Glass and four other women would later say that Kath had sexually abused them when they were teenagers and he was in his twenties.

Glass said that she hated her time in the band and asked fans to not continue supporting it.


Additional live members:

Past spare live members:



Crystal Castles (album)

Crystal Castles is the first studio album by Toronto-based duo Crystal Castles. The album was selected for the "NME" magazine's list of the 50 greatest albums of the decade, and gained #39.


Reactivity

Reactivity has several meanings:

Chalcophile

A chalcophile is a chemical substance that would rather react with sulfur instead of oxygen. Some things like to react with oxygen to make oxides. Other things react with sulfur to make sulfides. Chalcophiles are normally found as sulfides. Zinc is a chalcophile. Zinc sulfide is a common ore, while zinc oxide is rare. Chalcophiles are ore loving and combine readily with sulfur.

Dethklok (band)

Dethklok is a band created by Brendon Small and Tommy Blacha. There are two bands called Dethklok: a fictional one in the television series Metalocalypse, and one formed to play the fictional one's songs.

To date, the real band has released four albums, "The Dethalbum", "The Dethalbum II", "Dethalbum III", and "The Dethalbum IV".



Brendon Small

Brendon Small (born February 15, 1975 in Springfield, Illinois) is an American actor, voice actor, stand-up comedian, director, writer, producer, composer, and musician. He is known as the creator of the cartoon sitcom "Home Movies" and the musical comedy "Metalocalypse".

Tianyuraptor

Tianyuraptor is a genus of short-armed dromaeosaurid dinosaur ('running lizard'; a type of small dinosaur considered to be closely related to birds) that lived during the Early Cretaceous, about 122 million years ago. Its remains have been found in western Liaoning, China. It was similar to other dromaeosaurids found in Liaoning, with the exception of being somewhat more primitive. The type specimen, formally described in 2009, shows features not seen in previously known Northern Hemisphere (Laurasian) dromaeosaurids, but present in Southern Hemisphere (Gondwanan) species and early birds. 

The generic name of "Tianyuraptor" combines "Tianyu", referring to the Shandong Tianyu Museum of Nature where the holotype specimen is stored, with raptor, the Latin word for 'robber'.

Fruitadens

Fruitadens is a genus of heterodontosaur dinosaur. 

The name means "Fruita tooth", in reference to Fruita, Colorado, where its fossils were first found. It is known from partial skulls and skeletons from at least four individuals from rocks of the Morrison Formation in Colorado. "Fruitadens" is a small ornithischian dinosaur, with young adults estimated at 65 to 75 cm (26 to 30 in) in length and 0.5 to 0.75 kg (1.1 to 1.7 lb) in weight. 

The lower jaws had an enlarged canine-like tooth, opposite a gap in the upper jaw (a 'diastema'). Unlike "Echinodon", there wasn't an enlarged tooth in the upper jaw. A small peg-like tooth was present in front of the canine-like tooth. Replacement teeth were present in the jaws, unlike most other heterodontosaurids. "Fruitadens" was an omnivore. 

Geelong Football Club

The Geelong Football Club, the Cats, is an Australian Rules Football team that plays in the Australian Football League. The club is based in the city of Geelong, Victoria. The club started in July 1859, and had played continuously since then, which makes it the second oldest club in any code, in the world. The club was an original member of the Victorian Football Association which formed in 1877. It left the association with a number of other clubs to form the Victorian Football League in 1897. It is now a member of the Australian Football League.

<poem>
"We are Geelong, the greatest team of all"
"We are Geelong, we're always on the ball"
"We play the game as it should be played"
"At home or far away"
"Our banners fly high, from dawn to dark"
"Down at Kardinia Park"
"So! Stand up and fight, remember our tradition"
"Stand up and fight, it's always our ambition"
"Throughout the game to fight with all our might"
"Because we're the mighty blue and white
"And when the ball is bounced, to the final bell"
"Stand up and fight like hell."
</poem>


Volvo B10BLE

Volvo B10BLE is a bus produced by Volvo from 1992 until 2002.

The Diary of a Young Girl

The Diary of a Young Girl is a diary written in Dutch by Anne Frank. She began it in 1942, confiding to Kitty. She wrote it while she was in hiding for two years with her family during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands. The family was caught in 1944 and Anne Frank died of typhus in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. After the war, the diary was found by Anne's father, Otto Frank. He was the only known survivor of the family. The diary has now been published in more than 60 different languages. It is now considered a classic of war literature. The diary was rescued from a reject pile by cookbook publisher Judith Jones.

It was first published as "Het Achterhuis. Dagboekbrieven 12 juni 1942 – 1 augustus 1944" ("The Annex: Diary Notes from 12 June 1942 – 1 August 1944") by Contact Publishing in Amsterdam in 1947. After it was translated into English as "Anne Frank: The Diary of a Young Girl" by Doubleday & Company (United States) and Valentine Mitchell (United Kingdom) in 1952, it became very famous critically. It became very popular, and the 1955 play "The Diary of Anne Frank" and movie version were both based on the diary. The play was first acted in New York City. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1956. The book is in several lists of the top books of the twentieth century. It discusses the themes of sharing and selfishness in the war, about how someone can be different on the inside and the outside, and about the loneliness of growing up.



Crystal Castles II

Crystal Castles, also known as Crystal Castles II, is the second album by electronic music group Crystal Castles. The album was released by Fiction Records on 24 May 2010.

"Crystal Castles" has had mostly good reviews from people.


Odds

In mathematics, odds are the chance that an event will happen compared to the chance that it will not happen. For example, if there is an equal chance that it will rain or that it will not rain, the odds of it raining are 1:1 (which is read as "1 to 1"). If it is twice as likely that it will not rain, then the odds of it raining are 1:2 (read as "1 to 2").

Odds are often used in gambling, especially in horse racing. 

In statistics, when the odds are written as fractions, the ratio of the odds of two related experimental events is called the odds ratio. This is often written as formula_1 for short. 



Battle of Sunomatagawa

The Battle of Sunomatagawa was a Japanese battle. It took place in Nanaimo, a place in Japan, in 1181 AD. Minamoto no Yukiie and his army found Taira no Tomomori's army across the river. They swam the river and attacked them. But Tomomori's people could tell the difference between the wet enemies and their dry people and forced them back across the river.

Alton, Hampshire

Alton is a market town in the English county of Hampshire, England. The town is famous for the home of Jane Austin, a famous English poet. It is the highest town in Hampshire.

New Alresford

New Alresford is a market town in the county of Hampshire, England. The town is notable for growing much watercress.

Farnham

Farnham is a large market town in the county of Surrey, England. There are 37,000 people living in the town. It is famous for its castle and its historic buildings. The town is south of the River Wey.

River Wey

River Wey is a long river which runs through the counties of Hampshire, Surrey and West Sussex in England. The source is in the town of Alton, Hampshire.

Battle of Leipzig

The Battle of Leipzig, or Battle of the Nations, was a battle of Napoleon I and his army against an allied force of several nations on October 16 to 19, 1813. Napoleon’s army had been defeated and depleted in the French invasion of Russia. The French were also losing the Peninsular War and retreating everywhere.

Being outnumbered, he attacked. His allies in the Confederation of the Rhine changed sides, and Napoleon was defeated. The batle was the one of the largest battles before World War I and involved about 600,000 soldiers and the largest cavalry charge ever. It was part of the War of the Sixth Coalition.

After the battle and the later defence of Paris (1814), Napoleon was taken to the Mediterranean island of Elba.


Invisible Children

Invisible Children is an organization that aims to help child soldiers in Africa. It was founded in 2004. It specifically focuses on the activities of the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) and its leader, Joseph Kony. It wants to stop the LRA from kidnapping children and forcing them to serve as soldiers.

It was established after a movie was made about forcing children to fight in wars.

MU*

MU* refers to a family of text-based online game servers:


These are also called the Tiny family. These are kinds of MUD.

Terracotta

Terracotta, sometimes spelled terra cortta, is a red clay-based baked ceramic, usually unglazed. 

Its uses include vessels, water and waste water pipes and surface embellishment in building construction, along with sculpture such as the Terracotta Army and Greek terracotta figurines. The term is also used to refer to items made out of this material and to its natural, brownish orange color, which varies considerably. 

Clay is partially dried and cast, molded, or hand worked into the desired shape. After thorough drying, it is placed in a kiln, or atop combustible material in a pit, and then fired. 

After pit firing the hot ware is covered with sand to cool, and after kiln firing the kiln is slowly cooled. When unglazed, the material will not be waterproof, but it is suitable for in-ground use to carry pressurized water (an archaic use), for garden ware, and sculpture or building decoration in tropical environments, and for oil containers, oil lamps, or ovens. Most other uses such as for table ware, sanitary piping, or building decoration in freezing environments require that the material be glazed. Terracotta, if uncracked, will ring if lightly struck, but not as brightly as will ware fired at higher temperature, which is called stoneware. The fired material is weak compared to stoneware.

Some types of terracotta are created from clay that includes recycled terracotta ("grog").

The unglazed color after firing can vary widely, but most common clays contain enough iron to cause an orange, orangish red, or brownish orange color, with this range including various colors described as "terracotta". Other colors include yellow, gray, and pink.

Yo-yo effect

The Yo-yo effect means people quickly gaining weight after a diet. Other words for this activity are yo-yo dieting or weight cycling. People's weight can move down and back up like a yo-yo when they follow several diets one after another. A person's weight after the diet is often higher than it was before dieting.

The steps to the weight cycle are normal eating, weight gain, diet, metabolism slow-down, and end of the diet. But they repeat again and that’s the Yo-Yo effect. For example, Sherman Morrison talks about someone on the website healevate.com, saying, “In the 1990’s she got up to 237 pounds, dropped it back down to 160 in the early 2000’s, but then crept back up over 200. Recently, however, she shed 30 pounds using Weight Watchers.” Which means she first gained weight, then she lost weight, and finally she gained it back. Basically, Morrison is describing that the Yo-Yo effect is gaining and losing weight over and over again.

The body needs less energy after losing weight on a diet. People have less fatty tissue and often less muscle after the diet. Muscle tissue needs more energy than fatty tissue. Reducing the amount of muscle tissue therefore reduces the need for energy. Also, limit the number of calories people take in. At some point, a dieter's body will change the way it uses energy if there are less calories to burn. The body does this to make sure it survives when less food is available. These changes in the body cause people to gain weight rapidly when they stop dieting and return to their old eating habits.

People can avoid the yo-yo effect by changing their diet. If a diet works without the body switching to a more efficient way of using calories, there will be no yo-yo effect. A diet should change the dieter's eating habits for a long time. New eating habits should not give the body more energy than it needs. At the end of the diet, it also makes sense to raise the number of calories someone eats slowly. Exercise and sports can increase the amount of calories burned by the body rather than turned into fat.

David Latta (ice hockey)

David Latta (born January 3, 1967, in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger. He was drafted in the first round, 15th overall, by the Quebec Nordiques in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft and went on to play thirty-six games in the National Hockey League, all of them with the Nordiques.


Pentti Lund

Pentti Alexander Lund (born December 6, 1925 – April 16, 2013) was a Finnish-Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played for the Boston Bruins and New York Rangers in the National Hockey League. During his first year he was the recipient of the Calder Trophy. Lund is often said to have been the first Finnish player in the National Hockey League. (Albert Pudas, however, played 4 games with the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1926-1927). Lund moved to Canada from Finland at the age of six.

Mechanical wave

A mechanical wave requires a medium. Sound waves, waves in a Slinky, and pressure waves are all examples of this phenomenon. Sound waves need a physical medium in order to exist; the Slinky waves need the Slinky, and the waves in the ocean need the water. Like all waves, they have a frequency, period, wavelength and amplitude.

Mechanical waves are a local oscillation of material. Only the energy propagates; the oscillating material does not move far from its initial equilibrium position; the wave travels by jumping from one particle of the transmission medium to another. Therefore, mechanical waves transport energy and not material.

Mother Angelica

Mother Mary Angelica of the Annunciation (Rita Antoinette Rizzo; April 20, 1923 – March 27, 2016) was an American Catholic nun. She created the Eternal Word Television Network (ETWN). It is a very popular television channel for Catholics.

Mother Angelica died on March 27, 2016, Easter Sunday, from complications of a stroke at her home in Hanceville, Alabama, aged 92.

Flame test

A flame test is a test for chemicals. Normally it is used to see whether there are certain metals in a chemical compound. The chemical compound is heated in a flame and a colored flame is made. The colored flame can be turned into its spectrum to analyze it. Many metals produce flame colors. The colors are made by electrons jumping up to higher orbits in the atom when it is heated. They fall down soon, putting out light as energy. 


Futurism

Futurism was a modern art and social movement which originated in Italy in the early 20th century. It was largely an Italian phenomenon, though there were parallel movements in Russia, England and elsewhere. The Futurists practiced in every medium of art, including painting, sculpture, ceramics, graphic design, industrial design, interior design, theatre, movies, fashion, textiles, literature, music, architecture and even gastronomy.

The founder of Futurism and its most influential personality was the Italian writer Filippo Tommaso Marinetti. Marinetti launched the movement in his "Futurist Manifesto", which he published for the first time on 5 February 1909 in "La gazzetta dell'Emilia". This article was reprinted in the French daily newspaper "Le Figaro" on 20 February 1909. Marinetti was soon joined by the painters Umberto Boccioni, Carlo Carrà, Giacomo Balla, Gino Severini and the composer Luigi Russolo.

Marinetti expressed a passionate loathing of everything old, especially political and artistic tradition. "We want no part of it, the past", he wrote, "we the young and strong "Futurists!"" The Futurists admired speed, technology, youth and violence, the car, the airplane and the industrial city, all that represented the technological triumph of humanity over nature, and they were passionate nationalists. They repudiated the cult of the past and all imitation, praised originality, "however daring, however violent", bore proudly "the smear of madness", dismissed art critics as useless, rebelled against harmony and good taste, swept away all the themes and subjects of all previous art, and gloried in science.

Publishing manifestos was a feature of Futurism, and the Futurists (usually led or prompted by Marinetti) wrote them on many topics, including painting, architecture, religion, clothing and cooking.

The founding manifesto did not contain a positive artistic programme. The Futurists attempted to create it in their subsequent "Technical Manifesto of Futurist Painting". This committed them to a "universal dynamism", which was to be directly represented in painting.

In practice, much of their work was influenced by Cubism, and indeed their images "were" more dynamic than those of Picasso and Braque. The phrase 'plastic dynamism' has been used to describe their early work.

One of the greatest patrons and financier of Futurism in Milan was the business magnante Antonio Bernocchi, he was also the creator and producer of the first example of Italian industrial design, inspired by futurism, that became known as ""Luminator Bernocchi"".

Many Italian Futurists supported Fascism in the hope of modernizing the country. Italy was divided between the industrial north and the rural, archaic South. Like the Fascists, the Futurists were Italian nationalists, radicals, admirers of violence, and were opposed to parliamentary democracy. Marinetti was one of the first members of the National Fascist Party. He soon found the Fascists were not radical enough for him, but he supported Italian Fascism until his death in 1944.

The Futurists' association with Fascism after its triumph in 1922 brought them official acceptance in Italy and the ability to carry out important work, especially in architecture. After the Second World War, many Futurist artists had difficulty in their careers because of their association with a defeated and discredited regime.

The Futurists renewed themselves again and again until Marinetti's death.

Futurism influenced many other twentieth century art movements, including Art Deco, Vorticism, Constructivism, Surrealism and Dadaism. Futurism was, like science fiction, in part overtaken by 'the future'.

Nonetheless, the ideals of futurism remain as part of modern Western culture: the emphasis on youth, speed, power and technology is expressed in much of modern cinema and culture. Ridley Scott used design ideas of Sant'Elia in "Blade Runner".

Echoes of Marinetti's thought, especially his "dreamt-of metallization of the human body", are still strongly prevalent in Japanese culture, and surface in manga/anime and the works of artists such as Shinya Tsukamoto, director of the ""Tetsuo"" (lit. "Ironman") films.

Futurism influenced the literary genre of cyberpunk. Artists who came to prominence in the first flush of the internet, such as Stelarc and Mariko Mori, produced work influenced by Futurist ideas. A revival of sorts of the Futurist movement began in 1988 with the creation of the Neo-Futurist style of theatre in Chicago, which uses Futurism's focus on speed and brevity to create a new form of immediate theatre. There are active Neo-Futurist troupes in Chicago, New York, and Montreal.

Nine Lessons and Carols

The Festival of Nine Lessons and Carols is a form of church service used at Christmas in the Anglican Church. There are nine lessons (readings) and between each reading there is a carol sung, either by the choir on its own or by the whole congregation. The story is told from the beginning of the Bible in which Adam disobeys God, to the coming of the baby Jesus.

The form of the service was started by Edward White Benson who was Bishop of Truro in Cornwall, for use on Christmas Eve (24 December) 1880. The service is now used by other churches all over the world, not just in Anglican churches, but also in some Roman Catholic and Lutheran churches. In the UK, the service has become the standard form for schools' Christmas carol services.

The best-known Nine Lessons and Carols service is the one held in King's College, Cambridge every Christmas. The choir carols are sung by the famous Choir. This service has been broadcast by the BBC for more than half a century.

The first Festival of Nine Lessons and Carols at King's College, Cambridge, was held on Christmas Eve in 1918. The music at the first service was directed by Arthur Henry Mann, who was the organist from 1876 to 1929. The choir had 16 trebles which was the number that Henry VI said there must be when he founded the college. Until 1927 the men in the choir were choral scholars and lay clerks. Today, 14 undergraduates from the Choir of King's College, Cambridge, sing the men's parts.

The service was first broadcast by the British Broadcasting Corporation in 1928 and, except for 1930, has been broadcast every year since, even throughout World War II in spite of the stained glass having been removed from the Chapel and the lack of heating. The service is slightly different today: not all the readings are from the Bible. Most of the carols are sung by the choir. There are generally more than nine carols. The service starts with the famous carol "Once in Royal David's City". Verse one is always sung as an unaccompanied solo by one of the boys in the choir. The boy is not told that he is the one who has been chosen to sing the solo until just before the service begins.

Since 1982 the Director of Music has been Stephen Cleobury. Each year he commissions a composer to write a new carol for the Choir. The service ends with the carol "O Come all ye faithful". This is followed by the Organ Voluntary: "In Dulci Jubilo" (BWV 729) by Johann Sebastian Bach and then another Organ Piece (which is heard on the radio but not on television).


Bearing

The word bearing can mean:


The word may be used in less frequent contexts than these examples. If in doubt, check in a good dictionary.

Babbitt metal

Babbitt metal is a metal that has very little friction. It is used for bearings. It can be made from tin, copper, antimony, or lead. Normally it is a certain mixture of these metals. It is very soft. There are harder and softer parts in it, though. This creates small holes where grease can go in when the soft parts rub away. An item with bearings could be a fidget spinner or a bicycle wheel.

Zinc aluminium

Zinc aluminium, also called ZA, are alloys of zinc and aluminium. They make good bearings. They work similar to Babbitt metal. Different amounts of aluminium can be added to make different properties. The percentage of aluminium can be known by a number. ZA8 means there is 8% aluminium.

Nickel silver

Nickel silver, sometimes called German silver, is an alloy. It normally has copper, nickel, and zinc in it. Despite the name, it does not contain any real silver. It is common in utensils. It is also used in cymbals, keys, zippers, and musical instruments. Some coins use nickel silver. It is sometimes used to trick people into thinking it is silver. A German industrial chemist named E.A. Geitner discovered nickel silver in the early 19th century.

Pope Innocent III

Pope Innocent III (; 1160 or 1161 – 16 July 1216) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 177th Pope from 1198 until his death in 1216.

Lotario di Conti was born at Anagni in central Italy. His father was Count Trasimund of Segni who was a member of the Conti family.

During the short reigns of Pope Lucius III, Pope Urban III, Pope Gregory VIII, and Pope Clement III, he served in the church bureaucracy.

In 1190, Clement III raised him to the rank of Cardinal.

Cardinal Segni was unanimously elected pope on January 8, 1198; and he took the name of Innocent III.

Pope Innocent was involved in Italian and European political disputes.

Pope Innocent promoted the theory that the spiritual power of the church was greater than than any king or emperor. Innocent was the first pope to form a Papal state.

Innocent III was responsible for starting the Fourth Crusade, the Albigensian Crusade, and the Fifth Crusade.

In 1215, Innocent brought together the church's bishops and cardinals in a meeting called the Fourth Lateran Council.



Debby Boone

Debby Boone (born Deborah Ann Boone on September 22, 1956) is a singer, songwriter, and children's book author. She is the daughter of singer Pat Boone. She has won three Grammy Awards; in 1977, 1980 and 1984.

FLOPS

FLOPS is an acronym for "Floating point Operations per Second". The FLOPS is a measure of a computer's performance, especially in the fields of calculations that make heavy use of floating point calculations. It is like the older measure of instructions per second.

Satyr

A satyr is a creature from Greek mythology. They are usually depicted with the upper half of a human and the legs of a goat, and horns on their heads. Satyrs were usually companions of Dionysus and Pan. They are often shown in art chasing after nymphs and were associated with nature and fertility. Sometimes satyrs were figured as the leader of drunks and pageantry. 


Sigur Rós discography

This page is about the music of the Icelandic band Sigur Rós.


White-tailed deer

The white-tailed deer ("Odocoileus virginianus"), also known as the whitetail or Virginia deer, is a type of deer that is found throughout most of North America, and only some in South America. The white-tailed deer were also brought over to Europe and New Zealand.

The white-tailed deer is normally between around 57 and 137 kilograms (125 to 301 pounds) in weight. Its body is between 160 and 220 centimeters (63 to 86 inches) long. It is mostly colored brown, but can also be greyish in winter and reddish in summer. Male white-tailed deer have large antlers. These fall off in the winter. The white-tailed deer mostly lives between two and three years long. Sometimes, though, they will live for more than ten years. 

This type of deer is quite shy. When they are scared, they run very fast, and wave their tails. They mostly stay alone and in the same location throughout the year. During the autumn, the deer engage in mating.

They mostly eat vegetation like tree leaves or smaller plants. The deer feed mostly during the morning and evening.

Predators of the white-tailed deer include wolves, coyotes, bears and mountain lions, as well as humans.

Great northern bean

Great Northern beans are beans that are white colored. They are also light in flavor. They have a shape like a Lima bean except it is a little bit shorter than a Lima bean.

Frederick de Houtman

Frederick de Houtman (1571 – 21 October 1627) was a Dutch explorer. In 1619, on his way to Batavia, he sailed the western coast of Australia.

Jigsaw puzzle

A jigsaw puzzle is a puzzle with pieces in it. Most people think it is harder than normal puzzles. It is usually used as children's toy.

Jigsaw puzzles come in many variations, for example they can vary in number of pieces. Standard puzzles contain from 300 to 1000 pieces. The largest commercially sold puzzle had 32,256 pieces. Versions designed for children come in great variety of puzzle piece sizes. Some puzzles are made double-sided so they contain 2 different puzzles on each side. 

There are also 3D jigsaw puzzles. Most of them are made of wood or styrofoam.

There are many jigsaw games available for computers and mobile devices too. Computers have the advantage of interactivity, for example some companies offer you to make custom puzzles based on your photo sent to them.

There is also the last type of a jigsaw puzzle, it is considered a 3D puzzle but made from a 2D pieces. After you assemble pieces in 2D, you bend and adjust the whole creation to make to 3D model.

Googie

Googie is the term given to a type of architecture and art in the United States in the 20th century. It is also called Doo Wop, Atomic age, or populuxe. It was very futuristic, echoing themes of the 1950s as a whole. Some of Googie architecture was based on what spaceships look like. It started in California soon after World War II and spread to the rest of the United States in the 1950s. Many of the buildings built in the Googie style were coffee shops, bowling alleys and motels. 

Here are a few famous Googie buildings:


Sharecropping

Sharecropping is a term for when one person farms another person's land, and then the two share what is produced. Sharecroppers are almost always poor, and are often in debt to landowners or other people. Sharecropping was very common in the Southern United States after the Civil War and the end of slavery. At that time, many African-Americans sharecropped on the land that they had once farmed as slaves. Sharecropping was part of the system of "Jim Crow", which kept blacks poor and not really citizens.
Sharecropping became more common in the Southern United States when slavery was abolished. During the 20th century it became rare there.

List of presidents of South Korea

This is a list of the presidents of South Korea.

Since the creation of the Government of the Republic of Korea which is commonly known as South Korea in 1948, twelve people have served nineteen terms as President of South Korea. The president is the country's head of state as well as its head of government. The president is also the commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces.

President of South Korea

The President of the Republic of Korea () is the head of state, leader of the executive of the South Korean government and the commander-in-chief of the South Korean Armed Forces

The president is directly elected by the people to a five-year term, with no possibility of re-election. While in office, the chief executive lives in Cheong Wa Dae (the "Blue House").

If the National Assembly votes against a presidential decision, it will be declared void immediately.

The president is required to:

As of , three former presidents are alive:
The longest-lived President was Yun Bo-seon, who died on July 18, 1990 (at the age of ).

The most recent President to die was Chun Doo-hwan, who died on November 23, 2021.


Pierre Auguste Cot

Pierre Auguste Cot (17 February 1837 – 2 August 1883) was a French painter. Today he is counted as being part of the Academic art movement. He is also known for his portraits. He studied painting in Toulouse and Paris. His teachers were Léon Cogniet, Alexandre Cabanel and William Bouguereau, amongst others. He won various prizes for his paintings, and in 1874, he is made Chevalier of the Legion of Honour. He died at the age of 46.

Normal force

Normal force is the force that the ground (or any surface) pushes back up with; If there was no normal force, you would slowly seep into the ground.

The normal force on a object is always perpendicular (at a right angle) to the surface the object is on.

On a flat surface, the normal force of an object is formula_1 (the object's weight, that is its mass multiplied by the force of gravity).

On an inclined plane, the normal force is reduced by the angle, and the normal force is formula_2.

Note that on a flat surface, formula_3 (angle)would be 0, and so formula_4 would be 1. Thus, the two equations are equal.

Zeebo

The Zeebo is a video games console. It was released by Zeebo Inc in 2009 in Brazil and Mexico. It has wireless capabilities. Players cannot online with the console anymore. 

Grade (education)

Grades are a teacher's evaluation of a student's performance. They are often letters (e.g. A, B, C, D, F,) or numbers (e.g. 1-10.), although in some countries they do not use either of these systems.

Letter grades are most commonly used in the United States and some others. The grades D or C are usually enough to pass.

Grades can also be on a number scale. Typically a midpoint score is a pass. Sometimes the numbers can go in descending order to indicate better performance.

A "Grade Point Average", or GPA, takes the grade(s) of a student and assigns point values to them. These points are added up and divided to calculate the GPA.

Simple grades can be found with this formula:

The grade is the answer to that formula turned into a percent.

This is the type of grading the United States commonly uses.:

Elaphrosaurus

Elaphrosaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived during the Upper Jurassic period, about 150 million years ago. It was 15 feet long, and weighed 450 pounds. 

"Elaphrosaurus" was a slender, fast, and agile predator that probably preyed on small ornithopods, such as "Dryosaurus". 

The type specimen was found in the Tendaguru Formation in Tanzania. It was a nearly complete skeleton, but unfortunately, it lacked a skull. Since its body was similar to ornithomimids, it was originally thought to be the earliest ornithomimid. However, later studies showed that it is actually a ceratosaur. There is one named species, "Elaphrosaurus bambergi". Remains very similar to it have also been found in the Morrison Formation in the western United States. These may possibly belong to "Elaphrosaurus", indicating that this dinosaur had a wider range than previously thought.

United States Numbered Highways

The United States Numbered Highways (also known as U.S. Highways) is a national system of roads in the United States. These roads connect to places across the country. Some of the roads are freeways, which means cars must use ramps in order to get on or off the road, but others are surface roads. Many U.S. Highways, such as U.S. Route 66, have had their numbers removed because of the creation of the Interstate Highway System.

U.S. highways have a special way to figure out their numbers. The main U.S. Highways usually have numbers with 1 or 2 digits. An exception is U.S. Route 101, which is a 3-digit route that is treated like a 2-digit route with a first digit of "10". U.S. Highways that run east/west are even numbers (2, 4, 6, 8, or 0), and north/south U.S. Highways are odd numbers (1, 3, 5, 7, or 9). For east/west U.S. Highways, the small numbers are in the north and the big numbers are in the south. For north/south U.S. Highways, the small numbers are in the east and the big numbers are in the west. The important east/west U.S. Highways usually have numbers ending in "0" and the important north/south U.S. Highways have numbers ending in "1". Many of the routes ending in "0" or "1" used to go across the country, but no longer do because of the Interstate Highway System.


U.S. Highways that have 3-digit numbers are spurs of a 1 or 2 digit highway. For example, U.S. Route 201 is a spur of U.S. Route 1.

U.S. Route 2 is considered a major U.S. Highway even though it does not end in "0". U.S. Route 163, U.S. Route 400, U.S. Route 412, and U.S. Route 425 have 3-digit numbers that do not act as a spur of a 1 or 2 digit route.

Route 20 is an important east/west U.S. Highway in the north part of the United States from Newport, Oregon to Boston, Massachusetts U.S. Route 90 is an important east/west U.S. Highway in the south part of the United States from Van Horn, Texas to Jacksonville Beach, Florida The Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways, commonly known as the Interstate Highway System, is a network of controlled-access highways that forms part of the National Highway System in the United States. The system extends throughout the contiguous United States and has routes in Hawaii, Alaska, and Puerto Rico.


Indentured servitude

Indentured servitude is a form of labor. A person would agree to work for another person for a given length of time, usually without being paid much. The contract was called "indenture". It was common between the 16th and the 18th century. People could enter the contract voluntarily, for example to repay debt. Sometimes, courts imposed indentured servitude as a form of punishment. 

It was common for apprenticeships: An apprentice agreed to work for free for a master tradesman to learn a trade. 

An indentured servant was a worker in a contract with an employer for a certain length of time. Usually a laborer or craftsman would have to work three to seven years in exchange for the cost of transportation across the ocean, food, clothing, land, a place to live and other things they needed to live or work during their contract. This kind of contract was called "indenture." Indentures were quite common in Colonial America in the 17th and 18th centuries. Indentured servants were different from slaves in that their captivity was temporary.

Like any loan, an indenture could be sold; most employers had to depend on middlemen to recruit and transport the workers, so indentures (indentured workers) were commonly bought and sold when they arrived at their destinations. Like prices of slaves, their price went up or down depending on supply and demand. When the indenture (loan) was paid off, the worker was free. Sometimes they might be given a plot of land.

This type of contract has been common throughout world history in different forms. Usually, the worker became an indentured servant by choice.

There were also some restrictions. Indentured servants were not allowed to marry without the consent of their master. They would be physically punished, like many servants. They were also required to work, an obligation enforced by courts. Female indentured servants in particular might be raped and/or sexually abused by their masters. To make sure that they really worked for the time that was in their contract, a female sevant who became pregnant had her contract lengthened by two years. 

Unlike slaves, servants were guaranteed to be eventually released from bondage. At the end of their term they received a payment known as "freedom dues" and became free members of society. One could buy and sell indentured servants' contracts, and the right to their labor would change hands, but not the person as a piece of property.

Both male and female laborers could be subject to violence, occasionally even resulting in death. Richard Hofstadter notes that, as slaves arrived in greater numbers after 1700, white laborers in Virginia became a "privileged stratum, assigned to lighter work and more skilled tasks". He also notes that "Runaways were regularly advertised in the newspapers, rewards were offered, and both sheriffs and the general public were enlisted to secure their return. ... The standard penalty in the North, not always rigorously enforced, was extra service of twice the time the master had lost, though whipping was also common."

Indentured servitude is comparable to debt bondage or slavery in many ways.
It was also easy to exploit. Indentured servants had agreed to work for a given time, usually in exchange of getting a place to live, some clothing, and to be nourished. With their work, they earned little to no money. At some point, the servant might need special goods he or she could not afford. These might be things like drugs to treat a disease, or a doctor's visit. The employer would then provide these goods or services, but the servant had to agree that the contract be extended, with some extra time added. 

Historical Dictionary of Oceania describes "indentured labour" as a "Labour Trade". It says "the system of indentured labour, developed as a scaled-down but legal replacement of slave labour."

Many immigrants arrived in Colonial America as indentured servants. Their new master paid a ship's captain for the worker's trip across the Atlantic Ocean. Most were young men and women from England, Scotland and Germany under the age of 21. Their parents often made the arrangements. In the 17th and the early 18th centuries, most people who came to America were indentured servants.

Indentured servants often had to do very hard labor on a farm or in a household. Often, they were no more than slaves for their indentures. During the 17th century, over half of indentured servants died before their indentures had ended.

In the 17th century, when people had served an indenture, they usually received a piece of land, usually 40 acres. However, by 1676, indentured servants were not getting land as often. That led to an attack on the Virginia government by Nathaniel Bacon and other indentured servants. After Bacon's Rebellion, the number of indentured servants decreased, and the South turned to slaves for its labor.

Between one-half and two-thirds of European immigrants to the American Colonies between the 1630s and the American Revolution came under indentures. At any time, there were more people whose indenture had expired or who never had an indenture. These people were free workers, who were paid a wage for the work they did. Europeans in the colonies were free workers more often than indetured servants. 

Indentured people were important mainly in the region between Virginia to north of New Jersey. In total, about 500,000 Europeans immigrated to the American colonies before 1775. About 55,000 of these were prisoners. The remaining 450,000 came voluntarily. Tomlins estimates that 48% were indentured. About 75% of these were under the age of 25. The age of adulthood for men was 24 years (not 21); those over 24 generally came on contracts lasting about three years.

Regarding the children who came, Gary Nash reports that "many of the servants were actually nephews, nieces, cousins and children of friends of emigrating Englishmen, who paid their passage in return for their labor once in America."

Several cases of kidnapping for transportation to the Americas are recorded, such as that of Peter Williamson (1730–1799). As historian Richard Hofstadter pointed out, "Although efforts were made to regulate or check their activities, and they diminished in importance in the eighteenth century, it remains true that a certain small part of the European colonial population of America was brought by force, and a much larger portion came in response to deceit and misrepresentation on the part of the spirits [recruiting agents]." One "spirit" named William Thiene was known to have spirited away 840 people from Britain to the colonies in a single year. Historian Lerone Bennett Jr. notes that "Masters given to flogging often did not care whether their victims were black or white."

Also, during the 18th and early 19th centuries, children from the UK were often kidnapped and sold into indentured labor in the American and Caribbean colonies (often without any indentures).

Some people claim that practices in the United Arab Emirates are examples of modern-day indentured servitude. Many workers from India and Pakistan must pay agents in their own countries for jobs in the Emirates. The recruiting agents take the workers passports after they enter the country. The workers do not know when they will get their passports back. The indentured servants get basic food and housing and transportation to the work place.

The United Nations passed the Universal Declaration of Human Rights 1948. Article 4 of the Declaration says that indenture, or servitude, is illegal. However, only laws in each country can stop it. In America, the Trafficking Victims Protection Act (TVPA) of 2000 expanded the definition of servitude.



National Organization for Women

The National Organization for Women (NOW) is the largest feminist organization in the United States. It was founded by Betty Friedan in 1966. About half a million people are members. It was one of the groups that wanted the Equal Rights Amendment and other ways to make women equal to men.

The following women have led the National Organization for Women;

The National Organization for Women has opposed tries to make men and women equal in the law. One of the biggest things they have opposed is shared parenting.


Cnemidophorus

Cnemidophorus is a genus of lizards which belong to the family of Teiidae, which are commonly referred to as whiptail lizards or racerunners. Over 30% of the "Cnemidophorus" genus are parthenogenic.

Toxicofera

Toxicofera (Greek or Latin for "those who carry toxins"), is a hypothetical clade of living Squamata (lizards and snakes). It includes about 4600 living species. This is all venomous reptile species, plus related non-venomous species.

The clade was identified when research showed that the evolution of venom was very ancient, and that it might have occurred only once.

The Toxicofera combines the following groups from traditional classification:


Balaur

Balaur is a genus of dromaeosaurid theropod dinosaur that lived in southern Europe during the Upper Cretaceous, about 70 million years ago. 

The specimen is unique: unlike most other dromaeosaurs, it had "two" sickle claws on each foot, not just one. It had a reduced and presumably nonfunctional third finger, consisting of only one rudimentary phalanx.

The specimen was discovered in 2010. "Balaur" lived on a large prehistoric island called Hateg Island. Seventy million years ago, sea levels were much higher than they are today. Europe was an archipelago of islands. 

Possibly because it was relatively isolated from other dinosaurs, "Balaur" developed unique features. It was a small . This is an example of island dwarfism.

There is one known species, "Balaur bondoc". "Balaur" was a velociraptorine. Studies have shown that it is most closely related to the famous Asian dromaeosaurid "Velociraptor".

Book of Optics

The Book of Optics is a book that was written by Ibn al Haytham (965–1040 CE), an Arabic scientist and polymath. It was a seven-volume treatise on optics, physics, mathematics, anatomy and psychology, from 1011 to 1021. It was originally written in Arabic and was later translated into Persian, Latin and Italian within the next several centuries. The book had an important influence on the development of optics and on science in general because it introduced the experimental scientific method. Ibn al-Haytham has been called the "father of modern optics". Ibn al-Haytham wrote more than 200 works on a wide range of subjects, of which at least 96 of his scientific works are known.

Letter (paper)

A letter is a message in writing that is sent to others, often by post (mail). The sender addresses it to the intended reader. For example:
Letter is more personal and official than phone conversation or an email.


Tobolsk

Tobolsk () is part of the Tyumen Oblast in Russia. It is near many rivers. It is one of the few towns in Russia that have stone fortresses, known as kremlins. According to the census in 2002, 92,880 people live inside it. Its economy depends mostly on its oil. In February 1917, Nicholas II abdicated the throne, and his family, including his youngest daughter Anastasia, were moved to Tobolsk.


Princess Helen of Serbia

Princess Helen of Serbia (4 November 1884 – 16 October 1962) was the daughter of King Peter I of Yugoslavia and his wife Princess Zorka of Montenegro. She was the older sister of George, Crown Prince of Serbia and Alexander I of Yugoslavia. Helen was also a niece of Anastasia of Montenegro, or Stana, wife of Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich of Russia, and of Milica of Montenegro. They were the women who introduced Grigori Rasputin to Tsarina Alexandra. She was born as "Princess Jelena of Serbia". Her mother died when she was younger, so she was brought up mostly by her aunts. After she was married, she was known as "Elena Petrovna", "Jelena Petrovna", "Hélène Petrovna" or "Ellen Petrovna". Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna of Russia liked her very much. After the Imperial family died, she was questioned about Anastasia Nikolaevna. When she was put in prison for a short time at Perm in 1918, she said that a guard took a girl who called herself Anastasia Romanova to her cell and asked her if the girl was the Tsar's daughter. When she did not recognize the girl, the guard took her away.

Lithography

Lithography (from Greek "λίθος" - "lithos", 'stone' + "γράφω" - "graphο", 'to write') is a method for printing using a stone (lithographic limestone) or a metal (steel or aluminium) plate with a completely smooth surface.

Lithography was invented in 1796 by Bavarian author Alois Senefelder as a low-cost method of publishing theatrical posters. Lithography can be used to print text or artwork onto paper or other suitable material.

Lithography used an image drawn in wax or other oily substance applied to a lithographic stone as the medium to transfer ink to the printed sheet. In modern times, the image is often made of polymer applied to a flexible aluminium plate.

The flat surface of the plate or stone is slightly roughened, or etched, and divided into hydrophilic (water-loving) regions that accept a film of water and repel the greasy ink, and hydrophobic regions which repel water and accept ink. The image may be printed directly from the stone or plate (in which case it is reversed from the original image) or may be offset by transfer to a flexible sheet, usually rubber, for transfer to the printed article.

This process is different from gravure or intaglio printing where a plate is engraved, etched or stippled to make cavities to contain the printing ink, and in woodblock printing and letterpress where ink is applied to the raised surfaces of letters or images.

In the early days of lithography, a smooth piece of limestone was used (hence the name "lithography"—"lithos" (λιθος) is the ancient Greek word for stone). After the oil-based image was put on the surface, a solution of gum arabic in water was applied, the gum sticking only to the non-oily surface. During printing, water adhered to the gum arabic surfaces and avoided the oily parts, while the oily ink used for printing did the opposite.

Chromolithography (colour lithography) was invented by Engelmann and son, who were granted a patent in 1837. After that, it was a matter of time before it reached full commercial development.

By using more than one stone, different colours can be added to the same picture. Each colour needs a separate stone. The great posters of such artists as Alphonse Mucha and Toulouse-Lautrec are made like this. Complicated graphics may need twenty or more stones.

Eve's Plum

Eve's Plum was an American rock band. The band existed from 1991 to 1998.



Sulla

Lucius Cornelius Sulla (c. 138 BC – 78 BC), usually called Sulla, was a Roman general and statesman. He was a "praetor" (a commander o an army) in 97 BC, and held the office of Consul twice. He was the only man in history to have attacked and kept both Athens and Rome.

Sulla unconstitutionally marched his armies into Rome and defeated his enemy Gaius Marius in battle. After his second march on Rome, he revived the office of dictator. Sulla was made Dictator in 81 or 82 BC. He had the Senate draw up a list of those he considered "enemies of the state" and published the list in the Roman Forum. Plutarch states in his "Life of Sulla" (XXXI): "Sulla now began to make blood flow, and he filled the city with deaths without number or limit".

This was remembered when Caesar became Dictator.

Doric dialect (Scotland)

Doric is a dialect of Scots spoken in northeastern Scotland.

Norm Maciver

Norman Steven Maciver (born September 1, 1964 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League as a member of the New York Rangers, Hartford Whalers, Edmonton Oilers, Ottawa Senators, Pittsburgh Penguins, and the Winnipeg Jets/Phoenix Coyotes franchise.

MacIver was never drafted by an NHL franchise and instead took the university route in order to reach the NHL. The defenceman played four seasons with the University of Minnesota Duluth and in 1985-86 was a finalist for the Hobey Baker Award, awarded to the NCAA's top player. While playing at the University of Minnesota, MacIver earned a communications degree and signed as a free agent with the NHL's New York Rangers upon graduation.

He played 500 regular season games in the NHL, scoring 55 goals and 230 assists for 285 points and collecting 350 penalty minutes. A career highlight came during the Ottawa Senators' debut season of 1992-93, when Maciver led the team in scoring with 17 goals and 46 assists for 63 points in 80 games. In the spring of 1996, he scored the final goal in Winnipeg Jets' history prior to the team's relocation to Phoenix in the sixth game of a first round playoff series against the Detroit Red Wings. After retirement he became an assistant coach for the American Hockey League's Springfield Falcons from 2000 to 2003, and then the NHL's Boston Bruins from 2003 to 2006.

Maciver is currently an amateur scout with the NHL's Chicago Blackhawks.


Shortening

Shortening is a semisolid fat used in baking. It makes foods crumbly. Shortening doesn't smoke as easily as butter or oil, and it is 100% fat. Butter is 80% fat. It works by stopping long gluten polymers from forming in the food. It does not need to be refrigerated. It also is cheaper than butter. It can make foods last longer. 

Shortening is mostly made from hydrogenated oils, which have trans fats in them. Trans fats can cause heart attacks. People making shortening try to take out the trans fats.

Semi-solid

A semi-solid is a state of matter. It is a substance that is in between a solid and a liquid. Another name for a semi-solid is a quasi-solid. 

Mayonnaise is an example of a semi-solid. Mayonnaise does not hold its shape like a solid but does not flow like a liquid. Gel or cream are terms often used of a semi-solid. 

Normally semi-solids are covalent in their chemistry. Covalent substances get softer and softer until they melt. Ionic substances melt at one temperature and do not get softer. 

Butter is a semi-solid when it is warm. Butter does not hold its shape but it does not flow like a liquid. Paint is also a semisolid, since it is highly viscous. The shape of curd is semi-solid, and is different from milk, which is liquid.


Hydrogenation

Hydrogenation is the process of adding hydrogen to organic compounds. It is done to alkenes. 

Vegetable oils have alkenes in them. Alkenes are liquid and spoil easily. People making shortening add hydrogen to the alkene, turning it into an alkane. The alkanes are more solid and stable. A catalyst is used to react the hydrogen with the oil. This makes trans fats, though. Margarine is an example of a hydrogenated spread.

Other things can be hydrogenated, too. Hot nitrogen is reacted with hydrogen under high pressure with a catalyst, usually nickel to make ammonia gas.

Quiche

A quiche (Pronounced: "keesh") is a type of pie. It is savory. It normally has a pie crust. The filling is made of eggs. Meat and/or vegetables and cheese are sometimes also in the filling.

The name is French.

Brigid

Brigid is the Irish goddess of fire. She is also called Bride, Bridey, Brighid, Brigit, Briggidda, Brigantia, and Breo-saighead. According to legend she was born at dawn, rising into the sky with fire streaming from her head. The daughter of an Irish god, Dagda, she later married an Irish king, Bres.


Bradyon

Bradyons, also known as tardyons or ittyons, are very small particles that travel below the speed of light, as opposed to hypothetical tachyons (which travel above the speed of light). All known subatomic particles which have mass are bradyons.

Higgs field

The Higgs field is a field of energy that is thought to exist in every region of the universe. The field is accompanied by a fundamental particle known as the Higgs boson, which is used by the field to continuously interact with other particles, such as the electron. Particles that interact with the field are "given" mass and, in a similar fashion to an object passing through a treacle (or molasses), will become slower as they pass through it. The result of a particle "gaining" mass from the field is the prevention of its ability to travel at the speed of light.

Mass itself is not generated by the Higgs field; the act of creating matter or energy from nothing would violate the laws of conservation. Mass is, however, gained by particles via their Higgs field interactions with the Higgs boson. Higgs bosons contain the relative mass in the form of energy and once the field has endowed a formerly massless particle, the particle in question will slow down as it has now become "heavy". 

If the Higgs field did not exist, particles would not have the mass required to attract one another, and would float around freely at light speed. 

Giving mass to an object is referred to as the Higgs effect. This effect adds mass to any particle that interacts with the field.

The Higgs effect was first theorized in 1964 by writers of the PRL symmetry breaking papers. In 1964, three teams wrote scientific papers which proposed related but different approaches to explain how mass could arise in local gauge theories.

In 2017 the Higgs boson, and implicitly the Higgs effect, were tentatively proven at the Large Hadron Collider (and the Higgs boson was discovered on July 4, 2012). The effect was seen as finding a missing piece of the Standard Model.

According to gauge theory (the theory underlying the Standard Model), all force-carrying particles should be massless. However, the force-particles that mediate the weak force have mass. This is due to the Higgs effect, which breaks the SU(2) symmetry; (SU stands for special unitary, a type of matrix, and 2 refers to the size of the matrices involved).

A symmetry of a system is an operation done to a system, such as rotation or displacement, that leaves the system fundamentally unchanged. A symmetry also provides a rule for how something should always act unless acted on by an outside force. An example is a Rubik's Cube. If we take a Rubik's cube and scrambled it by making whatever moves we want, it is still possible to solve it. Since each move we make still leaves the Rubik's cube solvable, we can say that these moves are 'symmetries' of the Rubik's cube. Together, they form what we call the symmetry group of the Rubik's cube. Making any of these moves doesn't change the puzzle, always leaving it solvable. But, we can break this symmetry by doing something like taking the cube apart, and putting it back together in a completely wrong way. No matter what moves we try now, it is not possible to solve the cube. Breaking the cube apart and putting it back together in the wrong way is the 'outside force': Without this outside force, nothing we do to the cube makes it unsolvable. The symmetry of the Rubik's cube is that it stays solvable whatever moves we make, as long as we do not take apart the cube.

The way that the SU(2) symmetry is broken is known as "spontaneous symmetry breaking". Spontaneous means random or unexpected, Symmetries are the rules that are being changed, and Breaking refers to the fact that the symmetries are no longer the same. The result of spontaneously breaking the SU(2) symmetry can be a Higgs boson.

The Higgs effect occurs because nature "tends" towards the lowest energy state. The Higgs effect will happen because gauge bosons near a Higgs field will want to be in their lowest energy states, and this would break at least one symmetry. 

To justify giving mass to a would-be massless particle, scientists were forced to do something out of the ordinary. They assumed that vacuums (empty space) actually "had" energy, and that way, if a particle that we think of as massless were to enter it, the energy from the vacuum would be transferred into that particle, giving it mass. A mathematician named Jeffrey Goldstone proved that if you violate a symmetry (for example, a symmetry with a Rubik's cube would be if you state that the corners must always be rotated 0 or 3 times to be solvable (it works)), a reaction will occur. In the case of the Rubik's cube, the cube will become unsolvable if violated. In the case of the Higgs field, something named after Jeffrey Goldstone (and another scientist who worked with him named Yoichiro Nambu) is produced, a Nambu-Goldstone boson. This is an excited or energetic form of the vacuum, which can be graphed revealing that shown above. This was first explained by Peter Higgs.

Lance Archer

Lance Hoyt (born February 28, 1977 in Gause, Texas) is an American professional wrestler. Hoyt is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and wrestles under the ring name, Lance Archer. He also makes appearances for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW).

Hoyt is known for his time with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling where he worked from 2004-2009 under the ring name Dallas.

In 2010, he was part or Florida Championship Wrestling under the ring name Vance Archer. He also competed on theie ECW brand.

In 2011, he moved to Japan where he became part of New Japan Pro Wrestling.

On February 26, 2020, Archer signed a multi-year contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). On the April 1 episode of "Dynamite", Archer made his AEW in-ring debut, defeating Marko Stunt. He was managed to the ring by Jake "The Snake" Roberts.


Equal Rights Amendment

The Equal Rights Amendment is a proposed amendment to the United States Constitution in the 1970s and 1980s. It would give men and women full equality under the law. Alice Paul first wrote the ERA. In 1923, it was introduced in the Congress for the first time. It passed both houses of Congress in 1972 after the National Organization for Women protested outside the United States Senate. Some people opposed it because women were already becoming equal in most areas, and women did not want to be drafted into the Vietnam War. Though 35 states ratified it, the amendment did not pass (38 were needed). Most of the states that did not ratify it were in the Southern United States, which is the most conservative and religious part of the country.

Twenty-one states have a version of the ERA in their state constitutions. Sixteen of those states ratified the federal ERA. Five did not.

The ERA was introduced into Congress each year from 1923 to 1972. It has been reintroduced in every session of Congress since 1982. In 2011, it was introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives by 159 House cosponsors and several senators.

The following is the entire text of the Equal Rights Amendment:

Tianhe-I

Tianhe-I is a supercomputer made and operated in the People's Republic of China and has been active since October 29, 2009. In 2010, it was the second fastest supercomputer in the world, replacing the Jaguar supercomputer. It has 98,304 GB of memory and has 2.507 petaflops at its peak. It uses a Linux operating system. It is being used for finding energy sources and doing simulations of aircraft right now.

It used to have 5,010 CPUs and 2,560 GPUs and was ranked the fifth-fastest supercomputer. After the upgrade, it now has 14,336 CPUs and 7,168 GPUs, making it the fastest.


Austrian State Treaty

The Austrian State Treaty was a treaty that made Austria an independent country again after World War II. It was signed on May 15, 1955 at Vienna between the Allied powers from World War II and the Austrian government. It prohibited union with Germany. It also prohibited Nazi and fascist government. Austria also said that they would always be neutral in any wars. 

Arabidopsis thaliana

Arabidopsis thaliana is a small flowering plant native to Europe, Asia, and northwestern Africa. It is widely used as a model organism in plant genetics. Arabidopsis is a member of the mustard ("Brassicaceae") family, which includes cultivated species such as cabbage and radish. 

It was the first plant genome to be sequenced, completed in 2000 by the Arabidopsis Genome Initiative. The most up-to-date version of the "Arabidopsis thaliana" genome is maintained by The Arabidopsis Information Resource (TAIR). 

Much work has been done to find out what its 27,000 genes and 35,000 proteins do.
"Arabidopsis" is a popular tool for understanding the molecular biology of many plant traits, including flower development and light sensing.

Dracovenator

Dracovenator was a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived in southern Africa during the Lower Jurassic period. That was about 185 million years ago. It is closely related to "Dilophosaurus". It might have had a pair of crests like "Dilophosaurus".

Its name means "Dragon hunter". It was given this name because dinosaurs are similar to the dragons of mythology, and it was a carnivore, so it was probably a hunter. 

"Dracovenator" was a large carnivore, about 23 feet long. It is the first large meat-eating dinosaur from the Lower Jurassic of Africa to be discovered. "Dracovenator" was described and named in 2006, based on a hand claw, an upper jaw with teeth, back bones, hip bones, ribs, and foot bones. There is one named species, "Dracovenator regenti". "Dracovenator" was discovered in the upper Elliot Formation in South Africa.

Noise (music)

Noise music is a special type of music that uses noise as the main part of the song. Sometimes musicians make it so that they can find out what makes music what it is. They are exploring whether a sound can be music if it does not have melody or rhythm. Noise music was first made at the start of the 1910s. It is often called Sound Art, because it is a mixture of art and sound.

Amanita

The genus Amanita contains a species of basidiomycete mushrooms, including some of the most toxic known. It is found worldwide.

This genus is responsible for approximately 95% of the fatalities resulting from mushroom poisoning, with the death cap accounting for about 50% on its own. The most potent toxin present in these mushrooms is amanitin, of which at least eight versions are known.


Amanita muscaria, commonly known as the "fly agaric", is a psychoactive fungus. It is known as the fly agaric for its ability to kill houseflies when combined with milk. The reason for this is that flies are attracted to the milk because it is so sweet. When they drink the milk they feel the effects of the mushroom and begin to get intoxicated.

Amanita phalloides, commonly known as the "death cap", is a deadly poisonous fungus, one of many in the genus "Amanita". Widely distributed across Europe, "A. phalloides" forms ectomycorrhizas with various broadleaved trees. In some cases, death cap has been accidentally introduced to new regions with the cultivation of non-native species of oak, chestnut, and pine. The large fruiting bodies (mushrooms) appear in summer and autumn; the caps are generally greenish in color, with a white stipe (stem) and gills (underneath the cap).

One mushroom, if eaten, may destroy the liver and cause death. There is no antidote.

Their major toxic mechanism is the inhibition of RNA polymerase II, a vital enzyme in the synthesis of messenger RNA (mRNA), microRNA (miRNA), and small nuclear RNA (snRNA). Without mRNA, essential protein synthesis, and hence cell metabolism, grind to a halt and the cell dies.

The liver is the organ most affected, because it is the organ which is first encountered after absorption in the gastrointestinal tract. Other organs, especially the kidneys, are susceptible. The RNA polymerase of "Amanita phalloides" is insensitive to the effects of amatoxins, so the mushroom does not poison itself.

Gurjar

Gurjar or Gujjar (also transliterated as Gurjara, Gujar, Gujjara and Gujjer) is a large tribal confederacy, consisting of various clans, kin bodies and local groups, residing mainly in India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. They are divided internally into 1788 to 2000 clan groups. They have, historically, been nomadic and pastoral.

The various clans are associated with different ethnic groups and native languages. The Punjabi Gurjars, mostly Muslims, are said to be the most widespread and are mostly concentrated in the Pakistani province Punjab, with a minority being in the Indian state of Punjab. Most of the Gurjars of Kashmir speak Kashmiri with a considerable amount speaking Punjabi, mainly descended from Punjabi Gurjar clans. Gojri, a variety of Rajasthani, is also spoken amongst some Gurjars of Kashmir and Rajasthan.

As per historical accounts parts of Rajasthan and Gujarat were known as "Gurjar-bhumi" or "Gurjaratra", prior to the Mughal period in India. The Gurjar-Pratihara dynasty acted as a barrier to invasions from Muslim Arabs for around 300 centuries. However, in later times, circa the 14th century AD onwards, they were reduced to small principalities due to successful invasions and conquests by Muslim powers in northern and western India. During the 15th-16th century, there were Gurjar rulers in the areas of Meerut and Dadri.

After this time, with struggles against the rising Mughal power and later British India the Gurjars gradually fell into a decline. With Muslim rule in North India, the Hindu Gurjars of the area surrounding Delhi had to live in jungles in order to save their Hindu faith and to survive. Today, Hindu Gurjars are found in the Indian states of Rajasthan, Haryana, Western Uttar Pradesh and to a smaller extent Punjab. Muslim Gujjars are found in the Indian states of Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and in the Pakistani provinces of Punjab, Sindh, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, as well as in parts of Azad Kashmir, and in the Nuristan region in Afganistan.

Eugene Botkin

Dr. Yevgeny Sergeivich Botkin (27 March 1865 – 17 July 1918), also known as Dr. Eugene Botkin, was the court physician for Tsar Nicholas II and Tsarina Alexandra. While he was in exile with the family, he often helped treat Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich of Russia.

Botkin went into exile with the Romanovs after the Russian Revolution of 1917. He was murdered with the family at Ekaterinburg on 17 July 1918. Like them, he was canonized as a martyr by the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia in 1981. His wife Olga and he divorced after she had an affair with the children's German teacher.

Shortly before he died, he wrote a letter in which he said that he "unhesitatingly orphaned my own children in order to carry out my physician's duty to the end, as Abraham did not hesitate at God's demand to sacrifice his only son."

Jack Dorsey

Jack Patrick Dorsey (born November 19, 1976) is an American software developer and business person, widely known as the creator of social networking service Twitter. He is also the founder and CEO of Square, a mobile payments company. In 2008, he was named as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.

He worked as a model.

Dorsey was born Jack Patrick Dorsey in St. Louis, Missouri, the son of Tim and Marcia (née Smith) Dorsey. He is of English, Irish, and Italian descent. His father worked for a company that developed mass spectrometers and his mother was a homemaker.

He was raised Catholic, and his uncle is a Catholic priest in Cincinnati. He attended the Catholic Bishop DuBourg High School. In his younger days, Dorsey worked occasionally as a fashion model.

