By age fourteen, Dorsey had become interested in dispatch routing. Some of the open-source software he created in the area of dispatch logistics is still used by taxicab companies. Dorsey attended the University of Missouri–Rolla for two-plus years (1995–97) before transferring to New York University, but he dropped out in 1999, one semester short of graduating. He came up with the idea that he developed as Twitter while studying at NYU.

While working on dispatching as a programmer, Dorsey moved to California. In 2000, Dorsey started his company in Oakland to dispatch couriers, taxis, and emergency services from the Web. His other projects and ideas at this time included networks of medical devices and a "frictionless service market". In July 2000, building on dispatching and inspired in part by LiveJournal and by AOL Instant Messenger, he had the idea for a Web-based realtime status/short message communication service.

When he first saw implementations of instant messaging, Dorsey wondered whether the software's user status output could be shared easily among friends. He approached Odeo, which at the time happened to be interested in text messaging. Dorsey and Biz Stone decided that SMS text suited the status-message idea, and built a prototype of Twitter in about two weeks. The idea attracted many users at Odeo and investment from Evan Williams, a co-founder of that firm in 2005 who had left Google after selling Pyra Labs and Blogger.


Biz Stone

Biz Stone (born March 10, 1974) is an American software developer. He is also the author of two books. He is an advisor to many companies. He is Creative Director at Twitter.

Evan Williams (entrepreneur)

Evan Williams (born March 31, 1972) is an American business person. He is responsible for product strategy at Twitter.

Amy Irving

Amy Davis Irving (born September 10, 1953) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles in the films "Crossing Delancey", "The Fury", "Carrie", and "Yentl". She is also known for acting in Broadway.

Irving was born in Palo Alto, California. She was the daughter of film and stage director Jules Irving (né Jules Israel) and actress Priscilla Pointer. Irving's brother is a writer and director David Irving, and her sister Katie Irving is a singer and teacher of deaf children. Irving is of Jewish from her father's side and has a little bit of Welsh and Cherokee ancestry on her mother's. She was raised in the Christian Science faith, which means that she believed that God made the earth.

Alphonse Mucha

Alphonse Mucha (24 July 1860 – 14 July 1939) was a Czech Art Nouveau painter and decorative artist, best known for his distinct style and his images of women. He produced many paintings, illustrations, advertisements, and designs.

Mucha moved to Paris in 1887, continued his studies, and worked at producing magazine and advertising illustrations.

Around Christmas 1894, Mucha happened to drop into a print shop where there was a sudden and unexpected need for a new advertising poster for a play starring Sarah Bernhardt, the most famous actress in Paris. Mucha volunteered to produce a lithographed poster within two weeks, and on 1 January 1895, the advertisement for the play "Gismonda" by Victorien Sardou appeared on the streets of the city. It was an overnight sensation and announced the new artistic style and its creator to the citizens of Paris. Bernhardt was so satisfied with the success of this first poster that she entered into a 6-year contract with Mucha.

Mucha produced a flurry of paintings, posters, advertisements, and book illustrations, as well as designs for jewellery, carpets, wallpaper, and theatre sets in what was initially called the "Mucha Style" but became known as "Art Nouveau" (French for 'new art'). Mucha's works frequently featured beautiful, strong young women in flowing vaguely Neoclassical looking robes, often surrounded by lush flowers which sometimes formed halos behind the women's heads.
In contrast with contemporary poster makers he used pale pastel colours.
The 1900 Paris Exhibition spread the "Mucha style" abroad, of which Mucha said "I think [the Exposition Universelle] made some contribution toward bringing aesthetic values into arts and crafts."
He decorated the Bosnia and Herzegovina Pavilion and collaborated in the Austrian Pavilion.

Mucha's Art Nouveau style was often imitated. The Art Nouveau style however, was one that Mucha attempted to distance himself from. He always insisted that his paintings came purely from within and from Czech art. He declared that art existed only to communicate a spiritual message, and nothing more. He was frustrated at the fame he gained through commercial art, when he most wanted to concentrate on more lofty projects that would ennoble art and his birthplace.

David Attenborough

Sir David Frederick Attenborough (; born 8 May 1926) is a British naturalist and television personality.

Attenborough was born in London and grew up in Leicester. He is one of the most famous naturalists in the world. He presents many programs about nature, talking about the lives of animals and has stopped millions of people polluting our oceans. He has won many prestigious award and honorable mentions. In 1980 he won the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award. He is a younger brother of director, producer and actor Richard Attenborough.

He is the only person to have won BAFTAs for programmes in each of black and white, colour, HD, 3D and 4K.

In 2022, the United Nations Environment Programme honored him as a Champion of the Earth "for his dedication to research, documentation, and advocacy for the protection of nature and its restoration".


At least fifteen species and genera, both living and extinct, have been named in Attenborough's honour.

Plants named after him include

Arthropods named after Attenborough include

Vertebrates have also been named after Attenborough, including the


In 2012 Attenborough was quoted as saying that the planet has always and will always look after itself but:

When David Attenborough began his career, in 1950, Earth's human population was measured at just 2.5 billion people ... in 2012 he said:
“We cannot continue to deny the problem. People have pushed aside the question of population sustainability and not considered it because it is too awkward, embarrassing and difficult. But we have to talk about it″.

In January 2013, while being interviewed by "Radio Times", he said:

“We are a plague on the Earth. It’s coming home to roost over the next 50 years or so. It’s not just climate change; it’s sheer space, places to grow food for this enormous horde. Either we limit our population growth or the natural world will do it for us, and the natural world is doing it for us right now”.

In a "Daily Telegraph" interview in September 2013 he said:
"What are all these famines in Ethiopia? What are they about?" / "They're about too many people for too little land. That's what it's about. And we are blinding ourselves. We say, get the United Nations to send them bags of flour. That's barmy".


Gingerbread

Gingerbread is a word which describes different sweet food products from soft cakes to a ginger biscuit. Ginger and honey (or treacle) rather than only sugar, are usually the common ingredients to all the types of food product. They probably also have the same history.

Before, "gingerbread" (from Latin "zingiber", then Old French "gingebras") meant preserved ginger. After, it was a confection made with honey and spices.

Armenian monk Gregory of Nicopolis (Gregory Makar) (Grégoire de Nicopolis) brought ginger bread to Europe in 992. He left Nicopolis Pompeii, in Lesser Armenia to live in Bondaroy (France) and stayed seven years. He showed French priests and Christians how to cook gingers. He died in 999 Armenian genocide.

German immigrants brought it to Sweden during the 13th century. Swedish nuns baked gingerbread to help indigestion in the year 1444.
The custom was to bake white biscuits and paint them as window decorations. In the 16th century, Queen Elizabeth I had a royal gingerbread-maker working for her. Gingerbread was sold at fairs and other public events.

Baldness

Baldness (also known as alopecia) is when someone has no hair on his or her head. Sometimes this is inherited from parents or grandparents, or it can be done on purpose. Improper use of hair extensions can also lead to hair loss. Some people such as monks or South Korean soldiers shave their head.

Baldness is most often caused by a medical condition known as androgenic alopecia. This is found in humans, as well as in some animals. When it occurs, it will mean that those affected will permanently lose some (or all) of their hair. Since some of the factors are linked to the genes on the chromosome, the condition can be seen more often with men, than with women.
Alopecia totalis is the loss of all head hair. Its cause is believed to be autoimmune, but many with the disorder lead relatively low stress lives.

Alopecia areata (AA) is a condition in which hair is lost from some or all areas of the body, usually from the scalp. Because it causes bald spots on the scalp, especially in the first stages, it is sometimes called spot baldness.

Common basilisk

The common basilisk ("Basiliscus basiliscus") is a type of lizard. It can be found in Central and South American rainforests near rivers and streams. The basilisk is part of the corytophanid family. It is also known as the Jesus Christ lizard because of its ability to run on the surface of water.

This lizard can walk on water. When a land predator attacks, they gather sufficient momentum and start running on water to escape. This is a reference to the story in which Jesus walks on water.


Manuel Antonio National Park

Manuel Antonio National Park is a national park in Costa Rica. Over 150,000 people visit it every year. Many animals can be seen here, including the Common basilisk. Manuel Antonio park was listed by Forbes magazine in 2011 among the world's 12 most beautiful national parks.


United Nations Development Fund for Women

The United Nations Development Fund for Women commonly known as UNIFEM (from the French ""Fonds de développement des Nations unies pour la femme" is a fund of United Nations established in New York in 1976 aimed for equality as men and taking part in society of women.

It provides financial and technical aid for the better condition of women together with United Nations Development Programme. In 2006 Nicole Kidman was elected as goodwill ambassador. In 2011, it will be a part of the new institution "UN Women".



Shake

Shake may refer to:

Exorcism

Exorcism is the practice of evicting demons or other spiritual beings. This practice is quite ancient and part of the belief system of many cultures and religions. There are different types of exorcisms. Exorcisms can be performed on people, animals and places. These rituals are done by people called "exorcists". Exorcisms are usually done for religious reasons. The reasons vary, and the exorcisms can be different based on religions and which exorcists does them.

List of movies about Martin Luther

Numerous movies have been produced about Martin Luther's life and his doings. In a narrow sense, a Luther movie is a feature movie or a television movie. In an wider sense a Luther movie could also be a documentary movie about Martin Luther, like Curt Oertel's "Der gehorsame Rebell" (translated: "The Obedient Rebel").

Since the time of the silent movies movies telling the story of Martin Luther have been made. 1911 was made the silent movie "Doktor Martinus Luther", with a running time of round about 20 minutes. 1913, 1923 und 1927 were made the next movies. The movies of the year 1923 and 1927 were made with support of the church.

The newest movie is called "Luther". It was released in 2003.



Luther (1928 movie)

Luther is a 1928 movie about the life of Martin Luther, father of the Protestant Reformation.

The silent movie starred Eugen Klöpfer as Luther and Theodor Loos as Philipp Melanchthon.


Luther (2003 movie)

Luther is a 2003 biopic about the life of Martin Luther (1483–1546).

The movie starred Joseph Fiennes as Luther himself and Alfred Molina as Johann Tetzel.

The movie covers Luther's life from his becoming a monk in 1505 to the Diet of Augsburg in 1530.



Robbie Coltrane

Anthony Robert McMillan OBE (30 March 1950 – 14 October 2022), known professionally as Robbie Coltrane, was a Scottish actor, author and comedian. He is known both for his role as Dr. Eddie "Fitz" Fitzgerald in the British television series "Cracker" during the 1990s and as Rubeus Hagrid in the "Harry Potter" movies.

Coltrane was born on 30 March 1950 in Rutherglen, South Lanarkshire. He lived in Killearn Stirlingshire. He had a son named Spencer and a daughter named Alice.

Coltrane had osteoarthritis in later life. He said he was in "constant pain all day" in 2016. On 14 October 2022, Coltrane died at a hospital in Larbert, Scotland, at the age of 72. The cause of death was multiple organ failure caused by sepsis, a respiratory tract infection, and heart block. He had also been diagnosed with obesity and Type 2 diabetes.

Coltrane began his acting career in his early twenties. He took the stage name Coltrane in tribute to jazz saxophonist John Coltrane. In 2006, Robbie received an OBE for his services to drama.

Martin Luther (1953 movie)

Martin Luther is a 1953 movie biography of Martin Luther. It was directed by Irving Pichel, who also plays a supporting role.

The movie starred Niall MacGinnis as Luther.

The movie begins in the year 1505. Luther goes into a monastery in Erfurt, but he is in fear of God. One day he finds God's mercy in the New Testament (in Romans 1:17). Later he published his Ninety-Five Theses. In the year 1521, in the view of the pope, he should recant on the Diet of Worms. But there he does it not. Instead he says "Here I Stand". The movie ends with the presentation of the Augsburg Confession.


Martin Luther, Heretic (1983 movie)

Martin Luther, Heretic was a movie made in 1983, the 500th anniversary of the birth of Martin Luther. The movie starred Jonathan Pryce as Luther and Maurice Denham as Johann von Staupitz.

The movie begins in the year 1506, while Luther was a monk. The movie ends in the year 1522, when Luther returns from his exile at Wartburg Castle to Wittenberg.


Potassium sulfide

Potassium sulfide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KS. It contains potassium and sulfide ions. The potassium is in its +1 oxidation state.

Potassium sulfide is a colorless solid when it is pure. Sometimes it is not pure and it is yellow-brown. It reacts with water to make KHS, potassium hydrogen sulfide, and potassium hydroxide. It reacts with acids to make hydrogen sulfide and a potassium salt. 

Potassium sulfide is made by reacting potassium with sulfur. Many times the potassium is dissolved in liquid ammonia. It can also be made by reacting potassium sulfate with carbon. It is made when black powder is burned.


Schoep's Ice Cream

Schoep's Ice Cream is an ice cream manufacturing company based in Madison, Wisconsin.

Schoep's Ice Cream was founded by E.J. Schoephoester in 1928. Schoephoester produced and sold the ice cream in his grocery store. By 1937 Schoep's Ice Cream had become well known locally and E. B. Schoephoester sold his company to Peter B. Thomsen, a butter maker. The company has been kept in the Thomsen family, and as of 2008 it was owned in part by nineteen members of the Thomsen family.

All of Schoep's Ice Cream is currently produced from a single factory located on Helena Street in Madison, Wisconsin. As of 2008 Schoep's was producing 6,000 gallons of ice cream an hour and 2.5 million gallons a year. With this high production rate, Schoep's has been recognized as the top producer of ice cream in the state of Wisconsin. Due to this growth, in 2005, Schoep's opened a $7 million, 46,000-square-foot distribution center on Manufacturers Drive, near the Dane County Regional Airport. This new facility features space for 3,600 pallets and 14 loading-dock doors. Before this facility was built, Schoep's had shipped all of their ice cream from two loading docks at their factory.

Schoep's is not well known around the United States as Schoep's Ice Cream, but as Walgreens brand Ice Cream. Since 1993 Schoep's has been the sole producer of ice cream sold under the Walgreens label. This contract accounts for more than 25 percent of Schoep's business.

Brandon Flowers

Brandon Flowers (born June 21, 1981) is an American musician. He is the singer and keyboardist of American rock band The Killers. He has also released a solo album called Flamingo. He is married with three sons named Ammon, Gunnar and Henry.

He was born in Henderson, Nevada. His parents are of Dutch, English, French, German, Lithuanian and Scottish descent.

Flowers won NME Awards in 2005 for "Best Dressed" (also nominated in 2006, 2007, & 2009). He won "Sexiest Man" as well as an award for "Most Stylish" in 2011. He won the award for "Most Stylish Man" at the 2008 "GQ" awards. He was also listed as one of "The 50 Most Stylish Musicians of the Last 50 Years" by Esquire in 2011. 

In 2012, Flowers was named the #6 Greatest Frontman of All Time by Xfm.

He was nominated for Q Awards 'Best Male Artist' in 2010. He was also nominated for "Best Video" ("Crossfire") at the Shockwaves NME 2011 Awards.


Luther (1974 movie)

Luther is a 1974 movie about the life of Martin Luther. The movie starred Stacy Keach as Luther.

The movie is a version of John Osborne's biographical play, presenting the life of Martin Luther. The movie begins in the year 1506 and ends in the year 1526.



Karate belts

Karate belts are a measure of a student/teacher ability. For example, a Brown belt is higher than a Blue Belt.

All styles of karate range from white to black. There are some theories about how belts came to be.

Some believe when a student graduated a kyu, he/she would dye their current belt the new, desired color. This was often done in Japan during WWII when it was a very poor country. 

This is a theory that demonstrates how a student would, as they trained, dirty their belt overtime. More of a myth than a theory, a student started with a white belt. As sweat, dirt, and other debris occupied not only the belt, but the karate gi, his/her color appeared to get darker and closer to black.

Luther (1965 movie)

Luther is a 1965 movie about the life of Martin Luther. The movie starred Alec McCowen as Luther.

The movie is a version of John Osborne's biographical play, presenting the life of Martin Luther.


Karate gi

A karate gi is a standardized piece of karate clothing that acts as a uniform.
Whether or not a student is ranked, one must bring a gi to the academy.

A karate gi includes a martial arts jacket, as well as a martial arts pant.

The gi is white. 
The belt can be:


Luther (1964 movie)

Luther is a 1964 movie about the life of Martin Luther. The movie starred Terry Norris as Luther.

The movie is a version of John Osborne's biographical play, presenting the life of Martin Luther.



Luther (1968 movie)

Luther is a 1968 movie about the life of Martin Luther. The movie starred Robert Shaw as Luther.

The movie is a version of John Osborne's biographical play, presenting the life of Martin Luther.



Pentaerythritol tetranitrate

Pentaerythritol tetranitrate (PETN), also known as PENT, PENTA, TEN, corpent, penthrite (or — rarely and primarily in German — as nitropenta) is one of the most powerful high explosives known. It has a relative effectiveness factor (R.E. factor) of 1.66. PETN can be used as a plastic explosive. PETN can also be use as a drug to treat certain heart conditions, such as angina pectoris. In this context, it helps widening blood vessels, which is known as vasodilatation. PETN is among the most widely used substances for vasodilatation.

Dan (rank)

A Dan is a measure of advanced rank, often used in martial arts and the board game go. It usually ranges from 1 to 10, with higher numbers indicating greater skill. In martial arts, it is used for black belts only. In go or shogi, players of 1 Dan or above can be considered "masters". Dan literally means "step" in Japanese.

Usually, the belt of a Dan martial artist will have a number of strips according to the person's rank.
This table shows how to call dan in Japanese.
Go and shogi players are usually called by their dan by media like NHK and Asahi Shinbun.

Dan (disambiguation)

The term "dan" might refer to:


Deinotherium

Deinotherium was a large proboscidean related to modern elephants. Their downward curving tusks are notable. They are known from the middle Miocene to the early Pleistocene. "Dinotherium" is put in its own family (the Deinotheriidae) in the Proboscidea. 

There were several species of "Deinotherium" that lived in parts of Africa, Asia and Europe. The "Deinotherium" was larger than today’s elephants.

The way "Deinotherium" used its curious tusks has been much debated. It may have rooted in soil for underground plant parts like roots and tubers, pulled down branches to snap them and reach leaves, or stripped soft bark from tree trunks. 

It helps to remember that the Miocene was much warner and wetter than today, and that the Africa of the Miocene had rather different fauna from today. "Deinotherium" was a creature of muddy tropical rivers and forests, not the dry savannahs of today. It also lived in southern Europe and east to the Indian Subcontinent.

Deinotherium fossils have been uncovered at several of the African sites where remains of prehistoric hominid relatives of modern humans have also been found.

Tiruchirappalli

Tiruchirappalli is a city in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Its name in Tamil means "town of the respected Chira (name of a Jain monk)". It is also often called Trichy or Tiruchi. It was also called Trichinopoly by the British.

Tiruchirappalli is the administrative headquarters of Tiruchirapalli District. It is the fourth-largest municipal corporation in Tamil Nadu. About 10,67,912 people lived there in 2008. It is a very old city with many important temples, monuments, churches and mosques. The famous temples being Rockfort Temple, Srirangam Temple, Thiruvanaikkovil Temple, Samayapuram Temple, Nachiyar Kovil etc. Nearby, Woraiyur, the old Trichy, is where the early Chola kings had their capital city, until about 850. There are picnic / sightseeing spots in and around trichy like Kallanai (Grand Anaicut) built by Karikala Cholan, Mukkombu.

Power-on self test

The POST, in most computers, is a self-test that checks the OS(s) available and boots from the OS selected. POST stands for "Power On Self Test". Computers that have an operating system perform a POST before loading the OS, and many imbedded systems also do a POST.

A POST usually checks the crucial, files, folders, and components. Once the POST is completed, a selected OS will take control and finish the startup process.

If the POST fails, usually a BSOD displays (Blue Screen of Death, most commonly) and offers recovery options such as safe mode.

LKGC (Last Known Good Configuration) reverts to the last non-problematic, successful bootup. It is similar to System Restore, but its primary function is to allow the user to use the computer normally, unlike System Restore, which does not guarantee a fix. Also, LKGC is unrevertable, unless you successfully bootup again.

System Restore works by allowing the user to open a wizard, then select a "restore point". The user must restart for the point to take effect, but the system will start as normal.

System Repair is typically found on the hard disk of your computer and contains options that can be used to fix the system. However, in serious cases, the OS may need to be reinstalled.

Kill screen

A kill screen is a screen that prevents progress from the player. The screens in some games stop the game with gibberish or otherwise impossible figures. In "Pac-Man", at a certain level the screen overflows and spreads fruits and ghosts across the arcade machine's screen.


These are games that have integer overflow.

Regular expression

A regular expression (abbreviated regexp or regex) is a way to describe sets of characters using syntactic rules. Many programming languages use or support regular expressions. A regular expression is then used by a special program or part of a programming language. This program will either generate a parser that can be used to match expressions or it will match such expressions itself. A simple use case for this is to find all words or phrases in a text that match a certain pattern. In one case, the 'pattern' might just be a word, but in more complex cases, there might be rules that say that the word needs to start with an uppercase letter, or that only certain letters are allowed. 

A regular expression processor is used for processing a regular expression statement in terms of a grammar in a given formal language, and with that examines a text string. 

A few examples of what can be matched with regular expressions:

Regular expressions can be much more complex than these examples. Many regular expression languages also support "wildcard" characters. A more complex example might be t0 validate a date. Some months have 31 days, others have 30; February has 29 in some cases (leap years). So a use case migt be to validate a date. 

Doktor Martinus Luther (1911)

Doktor Martinus Luther (translated: "Doctor Martinus Luther") is a 1911 German movie about the life of Martin Luther. This movie is a silent movie. It starred Hermann Litt as Luther.




Die Wittenberger Nachtigall

Die Wittenberger Nachtigall () is a 1913 German movie about the life of Martin Luther. It is a silent movie. It starred Rudolf Essek as Luther.

Historical mistakes are the reason that the movie was forbidden for the youth.




Disput u noći

Disput u noći (translated: "Dispute in the Night") is a 1976 movie. The movie was made in Yugoslavia.

The movie is about a dispute between Desiderius Erasmus and Martin Luther. So the movie shows parts of the life of Martin Luther.


Martin Luther (1923 movie)

Martin Luther is a 1923 silent movie about the life of Martin Luther. The movie starred Karl Wüstenhagen as Luther.




1986 Pacific hurricane season

The 1986 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1986 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1986 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1986. These dates usually contain the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

The number of storms this season was slightly above average. There were eight tropical storms, and six hurricanes. However, the number of major hurricanes was below average with three.

On May 22, a tropical depression (a large and organized cloud mass) formed. It took a rare southeast track. On May 24, the depression made a lope strengthened into Tropical Storm Agatha. Agatha headed almost due north. On May 25, reached minimal hurricane strength and turned to the east-southeast. Agatha weakened back to a tropical storm and then a tropical depression as it continued paralleling the coast of Mexico. Agatha restrengthened into a tropical storm for 12 hours on May 28 and 29 before dissipating for good that same day.

At midday on July 16, a tropical depression formed. It acquired gale-force winds 12 hours later and was named Estelle. On July 18, it intensified into a hurricane. In an environment that favored an increase of the storm's winds, Estelle continued strengthening, and became the first major hurricane of the season on July 20. Estelle's forward motion increased to close to 20 knots. Estelle's path took it towards a potential landfall on the Big Island. Due to a shearing environment from a trough, Estelle weakened as it continued approaching Hawaii. A possible recurve never materialized, and the cyclone continued its path towards the Hawaiian Islands.

The hurricane veered to west and passed south of the islands. Estelle weakened to a tropical storm on July 23. Early on July 25, Tropical Storm Estelle weakened to a depression. The tropical cyclone weakened two days later.

Due to its rapid motion, Estelle kept pace with a large swell of water that it generated. In combination with a high spring tide and peripheral winds generated by Estelle, huge waves crashed on the shores of the Big Island on the afternoon of July 22. The high waves washed away five beachfront homes and severely damaged dozens of others in Vacation Land. The total damage was around 2 million (1986 USD) dollars. On Maui, waves washed away a dirt road on the eastern part of the island between Kipahulu and Kaupo.

After Estelle passed by the islands, moisture related to the tropical cyclone caused heavy rainfall in the Ka'u and Puna districts on the Big Island. After Estelle dissipated, its moisture continued to spread over the islands, causing significant rainfall and thunderstorms over the archipelago. The only deaths reported were two drownings on Oahu that occurred on July 23. 

A cloud mass became a tropical depression late on the September 27 roughly 200 miles southwest of Guatemala. Paralleling the Mexican coastline, the system became a tropical storm late on the 29th, about 350 miles west-southwest of Acapulco. It steadily intensified, peaking with winds of 100 mph. This made Paine a Category 2 hurricane, Paine entered the Gulf of California on the evening of October 1. The hurricane increased its motion, crossing the coast near San Jose (Boca del Rio) while still a hurricane. The system moved rapidly across Mexico, bringing significant rains from west Texas across Oklahoma and Kansas into the Mid-Mississippi Valley. Flooding was reported, with the worst flood begin near Oklahoma City, the capital of the US State of Oklahoma.

The next tropical cyclone originated as a tropical disturbance which moved westward offshore
Nicaragua. During the early afternoon of the 15th, ship reports indicated the formation of a tropical depression near 10.2N 92.7W. The cyclone moved at a quick pace to the west- northwest south of a warm-core ridge. Early on the morning of the 16th, Roslyn became a tropical storm. By the morning of the October 17, it had developed into a hurricane south of Acapulco.

Roslyn began to recurve within a few hundred miles of Manzanillo. Striking Mazatlán as a marginal hurricane on the 20th, the remains of the system caused heavy rains along the Middle Texas coast. It later moved northward through the Mississippi Valley, spreading light to moderate rains 
along its path and then started to spread rains across the Southern United States. Click here for the storm total rainfall graphic for Roslyn.

On August 3, a tropical depression organized in the open ocean. Twelve hours later, it strengthened into Tropical Storm Georgette before weakening to a depression 6 hours later. It then accelerated to a very rapid speed of 20-39 knots. Due to its fast speed, Georgette could not maintain a closed circulation, and the tropical storm degenerated into a non-cyclonic disturbance. The disturbance kept up its rapid forward motion, crossed the dateline, and entered the western Pacific.

Five days later, Georgette reformed into a depression in the western part of the Pacific Ocean. As was customary, it kept its name. It eventually strengthened into a minimal typhoon (a hurricane in the West Pacific). It began to interact with a typohoon in the west Pacific, and thus cased it to dissipate.

The following names were used for named storms that formed in the eastern Pacific in 1986. No names were retired, so it was used again in the 1992 season. This is the same list used for the 1980 season. Storms were named Orlene, Paine, and Roslyn for the first time in 1986, although Orlene had been used on the old four-year lists. No central Pacific names were used; the first name used would have been Oka. Names that were not assigned are marked in gray.



1985 Pacific hurricane season

The 1985 Pacific hurricane season was an event in tropical cyclone meteorology. It officially started on May 15, 1985 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1, 1985 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1985. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

At the time, the 1985 season was the most active on record in the eastern north Pacific (breaking a short-lived record set in 1983), with 25 tropical cyclones forming. Of those, 22 attained tropical storm intensity, 12 reaching hurricane intensity and 8 becoming major hurricanes by reaching Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Scale. In addition, three additional systems formed in the central north Pacific, of which one became a hurricane and another became a typhoon before re-crossing the international dateline.

Despite the activity, there were few notable systems this year. The only cyclone to make landfall was Hurricane Waldo, which caused damage in Mexico. Elsewhere, surf from Hurricane Pauline caused damage in Hawaii and either Pauline or the following system sank a sailing vessel.

Hurricane Pauline caused heavy surf along the Big Island, which washed debris up onto roads. There was no damage reported. It threatened the islands enough to prompt a hurricane watch, which means winds of 74 mph or higher are possible during the next 36 hours. However, the hurricane turned away.

Rick was the strongest storm of the season, and at the time had the second strongest winds recorded in a tropical cyclone in the Central Pacific. It may also have contributed to the sailing vessel being overdue.

Terry was a powerful major hurricane that formed by the 15th of September. It became a major hurricane fours days later on the 19th, but it did not affect land while doing so. It eventually dissipated due to hostile conditions on the 24th, without ever impacting land.

Tropical Depression Twenty Three-E formed from a disturbance on October 7. In an environment over warm waters (86 °F), it rapidly intensified, reaching Tropical Storm intensity the same day it formed. Waldo moved towards the Mexican coast. Just after peaking as a Category 2 hurricane on the hurricane scale, Waldo made landfall southwest of Culiacán. Waldo rapidly dissipated over land. Major damage, but no deaths were reported in Mexico. It was the season's lone landfall.

The first recorded twenty-second storm of a season formed October 25. It strengthened into Tropical Storm Xina early October 27. Xina began to start tracing out a huge oblong loop beneath an anticyclone. Xina peaked as a minimal major hurricane on October 29. As it finished the loop and left the cover of the anticyclone, Xina started falling apart. Cool waters took their toll on the cyclone, and Xina dissipated on November 5.

Had the list of names not been extended, Xina would have been named "Alpha" instead. However, the anticipated exhaustion of the old list was averted, meaning that the east Pacific has never exhausted its list. Xina stayed at sea, and no casualties or damages were reported.
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the eastern Pacific in 1985. No names were retired, so it was used again in the 1991 season. The name "Dolores" was misspelled as "Delores" in 1991. This is the same list used for the 1979 season, except for the added names. Storms were named Kevin, Linda, Marty, Nora, Olaf, Pauline, Rick, Sandra, Terry, Vivian, Waldo, and Xina for the first time in 1985. Names that were not assigned are marked in gray.

One name from the Central Pacific list was used – Nele. It was the first usage for this name. One storm, Typhoon Skip, formed in the central Pacific but did not receive a name until it reached the west Pacific, therefore only Nele was used from the central Pacific list.

Later during the '80s, the added names were made a permanent part of the Eastern Pacific lists, and other names were added for even-numbered years.

Had the names not been added, this season would have been the first Pacific or Atlantic hurricane season to exceed the list, and had to have used a Greek letter named storm. This would not occur until the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, which saw an unprecedented 28 storms and 6 Greek names.



Coordination geometry

Coordination geometry is a way of showing how atoms are put in molecules. Molecules can be arranged different ways. They can be in a cube, a line, a triangle, a pyramid, or other shapes.

Triclinic

A triclinic crystal is shaped almost like a rectangle. It is slightly bent, though. Copper sulfate makes triclinic crystals. It is the least symmetric (meaning that both sides are not very similar). 

. In the triclinic system, the crystal is described by vectors of unequal length, as in the orthorhombic system. 

Crystal structure

In crystallography, the crystal structure is how the atoms (or ions or molecules) are arranged in a crystalline material. Crystals occur naturally from the way the chemical bonds of the atoms connect. Symmetric repeating patterns occur in 3-D space in the crystal.

The crystal structure and symmetry cause many physical properties, such as cleavage (how the crystal splits) how it conducts electricity, and its optical properties..

The crystal structure of a chemical is the shape of the crystal at the molecular level. There are several shapes of crystals. Sodium chloride is cubic. Copper sulfate is triclinic. Most things, even metals, have crystal structures. Some crystals fit more atoms in them than others, and these crystals usually weigh more.

Each type of crystal structure has a unit cell, which is a small pattern of points that repeats through the whole crystal. For example, in a primitive cubic crystal, the unit cell is the eight corners of a cube. When many unit cells are next to each other, you get a crystal.

Aliens of the Deep

Aliens of the Deep is a 2005 documentary movie, directed in part by James Cameron and filmed in the IMAX 3D format. It was produced by Walden Media and Buena Vista Pictures. Cameron worked with NASA scientists to explore the Mid-Ocean Ridges, under water chains of mountains in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans that are home to some of the planet's more unusual forms of life.

Cameron joins up aboard the Russian research ship, "Akademik Mstislav Keldysh", with a group of NASA scientists, as well as some Russian marine biologists, to investigate ten hydrothermal vents in both the Atlantic and Pacific. The vents have their own unique ecosystem, which support diverse organisms such as giant tube worms, swarms of blind white crabs, and vast amounts of shrimp which are capable of "seeing" water that is heated by the vents. These creatures do not need sunlight like other organisms, and instead get their energy from the vents. They are able to survive in the superheated and sulfurous water. Because of this, the documentary suggests that this is what life beyond Earth might look like. As some alien ecosystems are likely to be a lot harsher than a typical terrestrial ecosystem, these exotic vents provide an insight into some of the forms that alien life might take.

The documentary shows Cameron's passion for exploring the oceans, as well as his interest in extraterrestrial life. It also shows the technology used to reach such depths.

The movie is similar to Cameron's earlier documentary, "Ghosts of the Abyss" (2003), which involves him journeying to the wreck of the RMS "Titanic". It too was filmed in the 3-D IMAX format.

Hazard

A hazard is something that can be dangerous. Fire, Explosives and Fuel are all examples of hazards. Many chemicals can be a hazard. There are ways to get rid of hazardous things. There are different types of hazards; some can catch things on fire; some can burn skin; some can irritate the eyes, etc.

The term 'hazard' is used in driving instruction, and in some traffic-related laws. It simply means 'something a motorist should notice and drive accordingly'. For example, children playing on the pavement (U.S. = sidewalk; Austr. = footpath) are a potential hazard. If any go into the actual road, then they are a real hazard, and motorist should do whatever is safe.

Risk and Safety Statements

Risk and Safety Statements are codes that show the hazards of certain chemicals. There are certain R (risk) phrases and S (safety) phrases. For example, R34 states that the chemical may cause burns. S36 says to wear protective clothing. 


Okinawa Prefecture

The capital city is Naha which is on the island of Okinawa.


Okinawa is a grouping of many islands along the border at the edge of the East China Sea and the Pacific Ocean from Kyūshū to Taiwan. It is the southernmost prefecture in Japan.

Okinawa Prefecture has eleven cities. Okinawan names are in parentheses.

These are the towns and villages in each district.
National Parks are established in about 19% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Naminouegū" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the Ryukyu Islands. In 1890, the shrine was recognized in the system of State Shinto. It is among the ranked, nationally significant shrines or which includes five sanctuaries.




Gunma Prefecture

In the Meiji period, Gunma was created from land which was in Keno Province and Kōzuke Province.

Gunma is in the northwestern part of the Kantō Plain. It is mostly mountainous. 

Gunma shares northern borders with Niigata Prefecture and Fukushima Prefecture. The prefecture's eastern border is shared with Tochigi Prefecture. To the west lies Nagano Prefecture. Saitama Prefecture is south of the prefecture.

There are twelve cities in Gunma Prefecture:


Towns and villages in each district:
National Parks are established in about 14% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Ichinomiyanukisaki jinja" is the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Kagoshima Prefecture

Kagoshima Prefecture is made from the old provinces of Ōsumi and Satsuma, including the northern part of the Ryukyu Islands.

During the Sengoku period and Edo period, Ōsumi was controlled by the Shimazu clan of Satsuma.

This region played a key role in the Meiji Restoration. Important historical figures from Kagoshima are Saigo Takamori and Tōgō Heihachirō.


Kagoshima borders Kumamoto Prefecture and Miyazaki Prefecture. It is in the southern part of Kyushu facing the Pacific Ocean.
National Parks are established in about 9% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Kagoshima jinja", "Hirasaki jinja" and Nitta Hachiman-gū are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Osaka Prefecture

Osaka prefecture was created by merging the area of Kawachi Province, Izumi Province and Settsu Province.

In 1994, the Kansai International Airport opened. This is one of the main international airport hubs of Japan.

Osaka Prefecture has borders with Hyōgo Prefecture and Kyoto Prefecture in the north. Nara is east of Osaka. Wakayama Prefecture shares the prefecture's southern border. The west faces Osaka Bay. 

The flows through the prefecture.

Thirty-three cities are located in Osaka Prefecture:
National Parks are established in about 11% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Hiraoka jinja", "Ōtori jina", and "Sumiyoshi taisha" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women

Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women is a convention and one of the international human rights law adopted by United Nations General Assembly on 18 December 1979 and entered into force 3 September 1981 established to prohibit all discrimination against women and to ensure their human rights and freedom on a basis of equality with men. As of 2017, 189 countries had ratified this Convention, that is, have made promise to realize this Convention. Countries which had not ratified it were Iran, Somalia, South Sudan, Tonga, the United States and Vatican City.
Article 1 Discrimination against women means any distincting, excluding or limiting all kinds of the human rights and freedoms of women.

Article 2 Countries must prohibit all discrimination against women by anyone, any groups and any companies and must change any law to protect women from discrimination.

Article 4 Special measures to promote real equality between men and women and to protect mother women is not discrimination.

Article 5 Abolishing any prejudices and custom which are out of the idea insisting that either sex is inferior or superior or out of stereotyped roles for men and women. 

Article 6 Protection women from all forms of human trafficking and prostitution.

Article 7 The right to vote of women and to take part in government policy.

Article 8 Rights of women to represent their government and take part in the work of international organisation.

Article 9 Rights of women to change nationality and in marriage to an alien, women are not changed automatically changed her nationality according to that of the husband and have equal right as men about the nationality of her child.

Article 10 Abolishing discrimination against women in the field of education;

Article 11 
1. To abolish discrimination against women in the field of working

2. To prevent discrimination against women in marriage motherhood, and ensure their right to work, countries have

Article 12 Abolishing discrimination in the field of health care.

Article 13 

Article 14 Abolishing discrimination in rural areas. 

Article 15 Equality of women with men before law, also in civil matters and legal capacity.

Article 16 

From Article 19 to 30, about the Committee that watch the realisation of this Convention by countries. The Committee is composed of 23 members elected by countries. They must be "of high moral standing". Countries must submit a national report, at least every four years to the Committee and the Committee submit reports to the United Nations Economic and Social Council.

The committee also give suggestion to the countries on matter about the abolition of discrimination against women.

This Convention also have the "Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women". It admits women whose human rights written in this Convention are violated to claim to the Committee of the United Nations. Until now, September 2017, 109 countries have ratified it, that is, promised to United Nations to realize it.



Garhwal

'Garhwal Land ' () is a region. It is in the state of Uttarakhand India. Garhwal's name is taken from Garhs (or forts). This is because this region had 52 forts belonging to local chiefs who ruled small areas near their forts. People who belong to this region are known as Gharhwalis. Now, this region is being looked onto as a tourist hub of India. This land has the districts Tehri, Chamoli, Uttarakashi, Pauri, some parts of Dehradun, and other areas.

The history of Garhwal goes back to the dawn of Hindu civilization, but most of history of Garhwal is fairly unknown or not given any importance by historians. Also, some facts known about this land are vague and taken from Garhwali folk songs and Hindu epics. Most historians say that the name of Garhwal comes from the ancient regimes and rulers. However, most of the facts are unknown, and the things that "are" known are very vague and unreliable.
MARODA is a very Important village of Pauri District. It is only from Devprayag which is a holy place for Hindus as it is the starting point of the Holy river Ganga. Though the inhabitants of Maroda are well settled in Delhi and other cities for their studies and Jobs but still they are very deeply attached with this village and the tradition and culture of the Uttarakhand.

Garhwal is mostly known as the land of sacred Devi Devta (gods) because the holy river Ganges, Yamuna comes from here and Char Dhams (Holy Pilgrimage) Badrinath, Kedarnath, Gangotri and Yamunotri are found here along with Panch Paryags (Lands where merging of Holy Rivers take place). These Paryags are Devprayag, Rudraparyag, Karanparyag, Nandparyag and Vishnuparyag. There are also some Shaktipeeths like Dhari Devi, Mathiyana, Kunjapuri, Surkunda and Punch Badri Kedarnath, Madhya Maheswer, Tungh Nath, Rudra Nath, Kalpeshwer and Panch Badri Adi Badri, Vridha Badri, Bhavisya Badri, Yog Badri, Badri Vishal.

Garhwal is motherland of most of Gharwali people and language spoken by Garhwalis is also known as Garhwali. Most of the Garwalis are villagers and depends upon agriculture. Village in Garhwal are combine among some areas which is known as "Patti" for example Patti Bhillang may contain more than 30 villages. Garhwal land is facing troubles of unemployment and therefore most Garhwali youngsters migrate to the cities. Administration for education is fairly poor however some improvements are there but not so impressive as other states. Health and medical services need to be improved and cultivation is totally depends upon rain and rainfall is not consistent.

The culture and dialect of Garhwal is different in different areas. The culture and dialect of one area can be different from another area but an important part of the culture is Hinduism. Hinduism is the soul of Garhwali culture. Garhwali culture is influenced a lot by Epics and Devi Devta.

National Pledge (Singapore)

The Singapore's National Pledge was written by Sinnathamby Rajaratnam in 1966, not long after Singapore's Independence. A draft was submitted to the then Prime minister Lee Kuan Yew, before he made it better and passed it to the Cabinet.

These are the words of the pledge<nowiki>:</nowiki>

These are the rules for using the pledge. They are set by the government.


Fish pie

Fish pie is a savory pie that has fish in it. It is normally eaten by British people, and made with white fish (cod, haddock, or halibut) in a white sauce. Hard boiled eggs are sometimes added as well, and the pie is made in a deep dish. The fish is not covered by a pie crust, but there are mashed potatoes over it instead. The pie is sometimes also called the "fisherman's pie" because it is similar to the shepherd's pie. 



Boiled egg

A boiled egg is an egg boiled in its shell. This is a common way of cooking eggs. If the shells are broken, it is called a poached egg. There are two different types of boiled eggs: hard boiled eggs and soft-boiled eggs.

Hard-boiled eggs are completely cooked. The egg yolk is solid. They can be eaten warm or cold. Some dishes use them like egg salad. They can be stored for a long time in the refrigerator. Some machines called egg slicers can slice these easily.

Soft-boiled eggs have firmly cooked eggwhites, while at the same time, the yolks are liquid. They can have salmonella in them if you don't prepare them correctly. In Europe, soft-boiled eggs are a traditional breakfast cousin, and you normally scoop them out of the shell and eat. In Asia, the soft-boiled egg is cracked into a cup with soy sauce and black pepper.
To make the perfect soft-boiled egg, bring the water up to a boil, then lower it to a rapid simmer. Add the eggs to the pot, and then begin timing. If you're just cooking one or two eggs, five minutes is perfect for a runny yolk, or cook as long as seven minutes for a more firmly set, but still spoonable, yolk.


Yolk

The yolk is the yellow center of an egg. It is only one cell. It is commonly seen in fried eggs. When it is mixed with the whites, it makes scrambled eggs. It is sometimes used in cooking. It is much higher in calories than the egg white. It has fat-soluble vitamins in it. Some eggs have two egg yolks in them.

Egg white

The egg white, also known as albumen, is the clear liquid part of the egg. The yellow part is called the egg yolk. The egg white holds the egg yolk in place. Most of the egg white is water. It is low in calories. They are high in protein. They can be whipped into a foam. The egg white foam is used to make many things like mousse and meringue. They are also used in baking.

It is rich source of protein without high calorie or fat/cholesterol intake. 

Spanakopita

Spanakopita is a Greek savory pastry, a type of spinach pie. It is filled with spinach, feta cheese, eggs, onions, and seasoning. This filling is wrapped in a pastry with olive oil. It is normally eaten as a snack. 

1861 in architecture

The year 1861 in architecture involved some significant events.




Old Schwamb Mill

The Old Schwamb Mill is the oldest continuously operating mill site in the United States. There has been a mill operating at this site since c.1650. The current mill is a 19th-century woodworking factory. The mill was built in 1861, and purchased by brothers Charles and Frederick Schwamb in 1864 for the manufacture of picture frames. It remained within the family's ownership and continued to operate, more or less unchanged in both equipment and processes, until 1969. Two wings were added during this time, however: one by 1881, and the other between that date and 1898. The mill still contains operational equipment and four preserved power systems.


Halifax Town Hall

Halifax Town Hall is a grade II listed, 19th century town hall in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England. It is notable for its design and interiors by Charles Barry and his son, Edward Middleton Barry, and for its sculptures by John Thomas.


Annisquam Bridge

Annisquam Bridge is a historic bridge in Annisquam, Massachusetts, a village within the city of Gloucester.

Built in 1861 to cross Lobster Cove, the bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is a wood pile bridge.

Sleepy Hollow

Sleepy Hollow is a 1999 American horror movie directed by Tim Burton. It stars Johnny Depp, Christina Ricci, Christopher Walken, Ian McDiarmid, Sir Michael Gambon, Sir Christopher Lee, Michael Gough, Richard Griffiths, Jeffrey Jones, Martin Landau and Miranda Richardson. The movie is based on a book by Washington Irving called The Legend of Sleepy Hollow. The story is set in 1799. It is about the murders of Sleepy Hollow, New York which Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) has to investigate and find out who is the killer. When the movie went to box office it was a success and it made roughly $207 million worldwide.

Republic of Maryland

The Republic of Maryland (also known as the Independent State of Maryland) was a small nation of African Americans from 1854 to 1857. It was in Africa. After this, it joined what is now Liberia. 

The area was first settled in 1834 by freed African-American slaves and African-Americans who were born free. Most of them were from the U.S. state of Maryland, and were there under the authority of the Maryland State Colonization Society. In 1838, other African-American settlements were joined to the Commonwealth of Liberia, which said that it was independent and not a part of Liberia in 1847. The Maryland in Liberia colony remained apart, as the state colonization society did not want anyone else to be able to trade goods. On 2 February 1841, Maryland-in-Africa became the State of Maryland. The state said that it was independent on 29 May 1854, and that it would be called Maryland in Liberia with its capital at Harper.

In December 1831, the Maryland state legislature said that it would give US$10,000 for 26 years to take free blacks and former slaves from the United States to Africa, and the Maryland State Colonization Society was started for this purpose.

On 29 May 1854 The State of Maryland declared its independence, naming itself Maryland in Liberia (it was also known as the Republic of Maryland), with its capital at Harper, Liberia. It held the land along the coast between the Grand Cess and San Pedro Rivers. However, it would last just three years as its own country.

Soon afterwards, local tribes, including the Grebo and the Kru, attacked the State of Maryland. Unable to defend itself, Maryland asked Liberia, its more powerful neighbor, for help. President Roberts sent military help, and an alliance of Marylanders and Liberian militia troops stopped the local tribesmen. However, it was now clear that the Republic of Maryland could not survive on its own, and 18 March 1857 Maryland was added by Liberia, and became known as Maryland County.


Year of the Four Emperors

The Year of the Four Emperors was a year in the history of the Roman Empire, AD 69, in which four emperors ruled in a remarkable turnover. The four emperors were Galba, Otho, Vitellius, and Vespasian.

The suicide of emperor Nero, in 68, was followed by a brief period of civil war, the first Roman civil war since Mark Antony's death in 30 BC. Between June of 68 and December of 69, Rome witnessed the successive rise and fall of Galba, Otho and Vitellius until the final accession of Vespasian, the first ruler of the Flavian Dynasty.

This was an example of the political disturbances which occurred in the history of the Roman Empire. The military and political anarchy created by this civil war had serious repercussions, such as the outbreak of the Batavian rebellion. The Jewish Revolt was already ongoing.

By June of 68, the Senate took the initiative to rid itself of Nero, declaring him a public enemy and Galba emperor. The Praetorian Guard were bribed to betray Nero, and Nero committed suicide. Galba was recognized as emperor and welcomed into the city at the head of his legions

Galba did not remain popular for long. On his march to Rome, he either destroyed or took enormous fines from towns that did not accept him immediately. In Rome, Galba cancelled all the reforms of Nero, including benefits for many important persons. The army was not happy either. After his safe arrival in Rome, Galba refused to pay the rewards he had promised to soldiers who had supported him. The Roman treasury was indeed in a bad way after Nero's extravagances, but Galba did not handle the situation well.

Like Nero, Galba had a fear of conspirators and executed many senators and equites without trial. Moreover, in the start of the civil year of 69 on January 1, the legions of Germania Inferior refused to swear allegiance and obedience to the new emperor. On the following day, the legions acclaimed Vitellius, their governor, as emperor.

Marcus Salvius Otho bribed the Praetorian Guard, already very unhappy with the emperor, to his side. When Galba heard about the "coup d'état" he went to the streets in an attempt to normalize the situation. It proved a mistake, because he could attract no supporters. Shortly afterwards, the Praetorian Guard killed him in the Forum.

Otho was recognized as emperor by the Senate that same day. The new emperor was saluted with relief. Although ambitious and greedy, Otho did not have a record for tyranny or cruelty and was expected to be a fair emperor. However, trouble in the form of Vitellius was marching down on Italy from Germany.

Vitellius had behind him the finest elite legions of the empire, composed of veterans of the Germanic Wars. These would prove to be his best arguments to gain power. Otho was not keen to begin another civil war and sent emissaries to propose a peace and inviting Vitellius to be his son-in-law. It was too late to reason; Vitellius' generals had half of his army heading to Italy. After a series of minor victories, Otho was defeated in the Battle of Bedriacum. Rather than flee and attempt a counter-attack, Otho decided to put an end to the anarchy and committed suicide. He had been emperor for a little more than three months.

On the news of Otho's suicide, Vitellius was recognised as emperor by the Senate. Given this recognition, Vitellius set out for Rome. He faced problems from the start of his reign. The city was left very skeptical when Vitellius chose a day of bad auspices (according to Roman superstition) to accept the office of "Pontifex Maximus".

Events would seemingly prove them right. With the throne tightly secured, Vitellius engaged in a series of feasts, banquets and triumphal parades that drove the imperial treasury close to bankruptcy. Debts were quickly accrued and money-lenders started to demand repayment. 

Vitellius showed his violent nature by ordering the torture and execution of those who dared to make such demands. Vitellius took the step of killing citizens who named him as their heir, often together with any co-heirs. Moreover, he engaged in a pursuit of every possible rival, inviting them to the palace with promises of power only to have them assassinated.

Vespasian had been given a special command in Judaea by Nero in 67 with the task of putting down the Great Jewish Revolt. He gained the support of the governor of Syria, Gaius Licinius Mucianus. A strong force drawn from the Judaean and Syrian legions marched on Rome under the command of Mucianus. Vespasian himself travelled to Alexandria where he had been acclaimed Emperor on July 1, thereby gaining control of the vital grain supplies from Egypt. Vespasian's son Titus remained in Judaea to deal with the Jewish rebellion. Before the eastern legions could reach Rome, the Danubian legions of the provinces of Raetia and Moesia also acclaimed Vespasian as Emperor in August, and led by Marcus Antonius Primus invaded Italy. In October, the forces led by Primus won a crushing victory over Vitellius' army at the Second Battle of Bedriacum.

Surrounded by enemies, Vitellius made a last attempt to win the city to his side, distributing bribes and promises of power where needed. The Danube army was now very near Rome. Vitellius went into hiding and prepared to flee, but decided on a last visit to the palace. There he was caught by Vespasian's men and killed. In seizing the capital, they burned down the temple of Jupiter.

The Senate acknowledged Vespasian as emperor on the following day. It was 21 December 69, the year that had begun with Galba on the throne.





Rockstar Games

Rockstar Games is a video game company that has created well-known games such as the Grand Theft Auto series of games and the MidnightClub Racing Game series. The company was formerly known as BMG Interactive in its early years.

Rockstar Games have developed their own game engine called the Rockstar Advanced Game Engine (RAGE) to facilitate game development on the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Windows, and Wii systems.

Slumdog Millionaire

Slumdog Millionaire is a 2008 British-Indian drama movie based on Vikas Swarup's novel "Q&A" and directed by Danny Boyle. The movie has a different story from the book. It follows a homeless Mumbai resident who becomes a contestant for the game show "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?".
"Slumdog Millionaire" was nominated for ten Academy Awards. It won the following eight:
It was also the highest-grossing film ever of an Indian film.


Sherry

Sherry is a wine made from grapes. It is produced in Jerez de la Frontera, Spain. In Spanish, it is called vino de Jerez.

There are many different kinds of Sherry:


Scottish Conservative Party

The Scottish Conservative & Unionist Party (, ), commonly known as the Scottish Conservatives or the Scottish Tories, is a political party in Scotland that is part of the British Conservative Party. The party's policies usually promote conservatism and the continuing of Scotland as part of the United Kingdom.

In the Scottish Parliament, the party holds 31 out of 129 seats. The party's leader is Douglas Ross. The Conservatives have six out of 59 Scottish seats in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.

In Scotland, the Conservatives used to be known as the Unionist Party and were Scotland's largest party during the 1950s. However in 1965, the Scottish Unionist Party merged with the Conservative Party which triggered a decline in Conservative support across Scotland. At the 1987 General Election, the Conservatives were reduced from 21 to 10 Scottish seats, and the party lost all of its Scottish seats in 1997.


Scottish Labour

The Scottish Labour Party is a political party in Scotland. It is part of the British Labour Party. The party's policies usually promote social democracy and democratic socialism. It also supports Scotland remaining part of the United Kingdom.

In the Scottish Parliament, it is the third party. It controls 22 out of 129 seats. The party also control 1 out of 59 Scottish seats in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom (having previously held 41) 

Following a heavy defeat in Scotland in the United Kingdom general election, 2015, Jim Murphy announced his resignation as party leader on 16 May 2015. On 15 August 2015 Kezia Dugdale was elected leader of the party, with Alex Rowley as her deputy. In 2017 Dugdale resigned and Rowley became acting leader. Richard Leonard was elected as the party's leader on 18 November 2017.




Scottish Liberal Democrats

The Scottish Liberal Democrats (, ) is a political party in Scotland that is part of the British Liberal Democrats. The party's policies usually promote liberalism and progressivism as well as the continuing of Scotland as part of the United Kingdom.

In the Scottish Parliament, the party's leader is Alex Cole-Hamilton and the party is an opposition party with 4 out of 129 seats. The party has 4 seats out of 59 Scottish seats in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.


Scottish Greens

The Scottish Green Party (also known as the Scottish Greens) is a political party in Scotland that has close relations to the Green Party of England and Wales. The party's policies usually promote green politics, nuclear disarmament, anti-nuclear power, proportional representation, and the creation of an independent Scotland free from the United Kingdom but within the European Union. If Scotland becomes an independent country the party wants the country to be a republic, and no longer be part of the monarchy of the United Kingdom. It also wants an independent Scotland to have its own currency.

In the Scottish Parliament the party is an opposition party with 7 out of 129 seats. It does not have any seats in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The co-leaders of the party are Patrick Harvie (MSP) and Lorna Slater (MSP).


Pnictogen

The Group 15 elements, also called the pnictogens, Group V elements, or Group VB elements, are a group on the periodic table. They have many different properties. Nitrogen is a colorless unreactive gas that helps us breathe. Phosphorus is a super reactive white or red solid nonmetal. Arsenic is a highly toxic semimetal. Antimony is also a semimetal. Bismuth is a radioactive metal. Moscovium is a man made element that is radioactive. They all have 5 valence electrons but most of them form +5 or -3 chemical compounds. 

Phosphonium

Phosphonium is an ion. It is rare. Its chemical formula is PH. It is similar to ammonium. It is almost never found outside of an organic compound. Its molar mass is 35.01 g/mol. 

Phosphide

Phosphide is an ion. Its chemical formula is sometimes P, but it does not always have that formula. It is a reducing agent. Phosphides (chemical compounds having the phosphide ion in them) react with acids to make phosphine gas. Sodium phosphide is an example. Some phosphides are semiconductors and are not ionic with P ions. They are less reactive. Some metals form alloys with phosphorus to make phosphides. If it is ionic, then the phosphorus is in the -3 oxidation state.

Sodium phosphide

Sodium phosphide is a chemical compound. It contains sodium and phosphide ions. Its chemical formula is NaP.

Sodium phosphide is a black solid. It is ionic. There are several other sodium phosphides that do not have the formula NaP. It reacts with acids to make phosphine gas. It is a reducing agent.

It can be made by reacting liquid sodium with phosphorus(V) chloride. It can also be made by reacting sodium with phosphorus. 

It is used to make semiconductors. It can also be used as a catalyst. 

Sodium phosphide is flammable, making toxic gases when burned. It also makes toxic flammable gases when reacted with acids.


Phosphorus(V) chloride

Phosphorus(V) chloride, also known as phosphorus pentachloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PCl. It contains phosphorus and chloride ions. The phosphorus is in the +5 oxidation state.

Phosphorus(V) chloride is a colorless solid. It is one of the most important phosphorus chlorides. Sometimes it is yellowish. It reacts with hot water to make phosphoric acid and hydrochloric acid.

It is made by reacting a lot of chlorine with phosphorus. It can also be made by reacting chlorine with phosphorus(III) chloride.

Phosphorus(V) chloride is used to add chloride to other chemical compounds. 

Phosphorus(V) chloride is acidic and toxic. It puts off toxic gases when reacted with water.


Phosphorus chloride

Phosphorus chloride can refer to either of these chemical compounds:


Fly agaric

Fly agaric ("Amanita muscaria") is a poisonous and psychoactive mushroom, one of many in the genus "Amanita". Native throughout the temperate and boreal regions of the Northern Hemisphere, this mushroom has been unintentionally introduced to many countries in the southern hemisphere, generally as a symbiont with pine plantations, and is now a true cosmopolitan species. 

The quintessential toadstool, it is a large white-gilled, white-spotted, usually deep red mushroom, one of the most recognizable and widely encountered in popular culture. Although it is generally considered poisonous, deaths from its consumption are extremely rare, and it is eaten as a food in parts of Europe, Asia, and North America after parboiling. "Amanita muscaria" is noted for its hallucinogenic properties, with its main psychoactive constituent being the compound muscimol. It was used as an intoxicant and entheogen by the peoples of Siberia and has a religious significance in these cultures. There has been much speculation on traditional use of this mushroom as an intoxicant in places other than Siberia; however, such traditions are far less well documented. It has for instance been suggested that the fly agaric was an ingredient of Soma and that it played a role in the Eleusinian Mysteries as well as early Christianity.



Dilma Rousseff

Dilma Vana Rousseff (born 14 December 1947) is an economist and politician. She was the 36th President of Brazil from 2011 until 2016. 

In 2003, in the government of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, she was the minister of Mines and Energy. She became Lula's Chief of Staff in 2005, after her predecessor, José Dirceu, resigned because of charges of corruption. On 31 October 2010, Rousseff won 55% of the vote. Her main contender was José Serra who won 44%. Serra was the candidate of the Brazilian Social Democratic Party. On 1 January 2011, she became the first woman president of the country. In August 2016, she was impeached and removed from office.

She was against the military dictatorship that governed Brazil from 1964 to 1985. In January 1970 she was sent to prison for being a member of a Marxist group which had carried out bank robberies and murders. She was released after three years. She joined the Workers Party in 1986.

Rousseff was an important ally of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, a labour activist who became President of Brazil. A left wing candidate, Lula was a popular president and Rousseff became his chosen successor. She won the 2010 Presidential election.

As President, Rousseff kept with many of Lula's policies. She also became known for bringing the World Cup and the Olympics to Brazil. Many Brazilians were against this, and felt that the money spent on these events would be better spent on other things. Rousseff was on the board of Petrobras, an oil company, in the 2000s. In 2015, reports of corruption at Petrobras became known. Although not named in the investigation, many people in her government were, and there were large protests against Rousseff's government, including Lula da Silva. She has also been accused of lying about economic numbers during her campaign to be reelected. On 3 December 2015, impeachment proceedings against Rousseff were officially approved by the Chamber of Deputies.

On 12 May 2016, the impeachment process began when the Senate of Brazil temporarily suspended President Rousseff's powers and duties for up to six months or until the Senate reaches a verdict: to remove her from office if found guilty or to acquit her from the crimes charged. Vice President Michel Temer assumed her powers and duties as Acting President of Brazil during the suspension. Rousseff said she is innocent and that the impeachment is a coup. Rousseff was removed from office on 31 August 2016 when the Brazilian Senate voted 61-20 in favor of impeachment. She was succeeded by Vice President Michel Temer.

MicroSD

microSD is a type of removable flash memory card used for storing information. SD is an abbreviation of Secure Digital, and microSD cards are sometimes referred to as µSD, uSD, or mSD. The cards are used in mobile phones, cameras, handheld game systems, and other mobile devices.

It is the smallest memory card that can be bought; at 15 mm × 11 mm × 1 mm (about the size of a fingernail), it is about a quarter of the size of a normal-sized SD card. There are adapters that make the small microSD able to fit in devices that have slots for standard SD, miniSD, Memory Stick Duo card, and even USB. But, not all of the different cards can work together. Many microSD cards are sold with a standard SD adapter, so that people can use them in devices that take standard SD but not microSD cards.

TransFlash and microSD cards are the same (they can be used in place of each other), but microSD has support for SDIO mode. This lets microSD slots support non-memory jobs like Bluetooth, GPS, and Near Field Communication by attaching a device in place of a memory card.

MicroSDHC format is a newer version of the MicroSD which is not backwards compatible. Some older devices cannot use the newer format, although third party firmware is available for some devices.

TransFlash cards are sold in 16MB and 32MB sizes. microSD cards are sold in many sizes, from 64 MB to 32 GB, while microSDHC cards are sold in sizes between 4 GB to 64 GB. Larger ones are microSDXC memory cards, sold in sizes between 8 GB and 1 TB.

The microSD format was made by the company SanDisk. It was first called T-Flash, and then TransFlash, before being named microSD when it started to be used by the SD Card Association (SDA). Other flash card formats approved by the SDA include miniSD and standard SD card.

The SDA announced the microSD format at CTIA Wireless 2005 on March 14, 2005, and the final microSD details were announced on July 13, 2005. When they were first sold, the microSD format was sold in sizes of 32, 64, and 128 MB. SanDisk made a 4 GB microSD card in July 2006, at first costing $99 (USD). Since then, the prices for flash memory devices have become much lower. At the time of April 2009, the same 4 GB card could be bought for as low as $12 (USD) at department stores, and by May 2009, for as low as $6 (USD) at online electronics stores. In January 2010, a 16 GB micro SD card class 2 cost about $40 (USD), and a 4 GB class 2 micro SD card about $8 (USD).

In February 2014, SanDisk announced a new microSD card, the MicroSDXC. At the time, the cards held up to 128GB. To enable this amount of storage capacity on a removable microSD card, SanDisk developed a proprietary technique that allows for 16 memory die to be vertically stacked, each shaved to be thinner than a strand of hair. At the time of their release, these cards had capacities ranging from 8GB to 128GB, with the prices ranging from $29.99 to $199.99.

Several manufacturers make microSD cards and they consume different amounts of electrical power. Most are in the range of 0-100 mA at a supply voltage of 3.3 V. TwinMOS Technologies Midde East FZE says that the cards carry a maximum of 45 mA during transfer. Toshiba lists 80-100 mA.



Galba

Servius Sulpicius Galba (; ; 24 December 3 BC – 15 January 69 CE) was a Roman Emperor for seven months from 68 to 69 CE. Galba was an governor of Hispania Tarraconensis, which was the province near the Pyrenees. He was the first emperor of Year of the Four Emperors.

He was born near Terracina, "On the left as you travel towards Fundi" in the words of Suetonius. Galba was adopted by Livia Ocellina and took her family name until becoming emperor. 

 

Vitellius

Aulus Vitellius Germanicus {September 24, 15-December 22, AD 69} was later known as Vitellius was an Roman Emperor and general for eight months from 16 April to 22 December 69.
Vitellius was acclaimed emperor following quick succession of previous emperors Galba and Marcus Salvius Otho, in the year of civil war known as Year of the Four Emperors
Vitellius was the first add the honorific cognomen "Germanicus" to his name was instead of "Caesar" upon his accession; the latter name had fallen into disrepute in many quarters because of the actions of Roman Emperor Nero.

Vitellius was an Roman military commander of Germania Inferior. In AD 43 Roman Emperor Claudius conquers Britannia, Aulus Plautius, governor of Britannia. Roman conquest of Britain, and Claudius defeats Caratacus
On 16 April 69 After Marcus Salvius Otho's death in Rome, He became in Roman Emperor of Rome. he was an third emperor of the Year of the Four Emperors. He ate a lot He did a quick succession with Galba and Otho. After Otho's friend Nero's death.

Anton Mauve

Anthonij (Anton) Rudolf Mauve (18 September 1838, Zaandam, North Holland – 5 February 1888, Arnhem) was a Dutch realist painter who was a leading member of the Hague School. He signed his paintings 'A. Mauve' or with a monogrammed 'A.M.'.
He had a great influence on his cousin-in-law Vincent van Gogh.

Mauve mostly painted people and animals shown outdoors. The paining "Morning Ride" shows well-dressed riders at the coast of the sea, as they ride away from the viewer. One detail which is uncommon, but shows his realism are the horse droppings shown in the foreground of the picture. His best-known paintings show peasants working in the fields, and sheep-herding scenes.

Vespasian

Verstappen (Titus Flavius Vespasianus, 17 November 9 AD – 23 June 79), was Roman Emperor from 69 AD to 79.

Vespasian was the founder of the Flavian dynasty which ruled the empire for 27 years. Although he held the consulship in 51 AD, Vespasian became more highly regarded as a successful military commander. He took part in the Roman Invasion of Britain in 43 AD, and the Jewish rebellion of 66 AD.

While Vespasian was preparing to besiege Jerusalem during the latter campaign, emperor Nero committed suicide, plunging the empire into a year of civil war known as the Year of the Four Emperors. After the emperors Galba and Otho died in quick succession, Vitellius became emperor in April 69 AD.

In response, the armies in Egypt and Judaea declared Vespasian emperor on July 1. In his bid for imperial power, Vespasian joined forces with Mucianus, the governor of Syria, and Primus, a general in Pannonia. Primus and Mucianus led the Flavian forces against Vitellius, while Vespasian gained control of Egypt. On 20 December, Vitellius was defeated, and the following day Vespasian was declared emperor by the Roman Senate.

Little factual information survives about Vespasian's government during the ten years he was emperor. His reign is best known for financial reforms, the successful campaign against Judaea, and several ambitious construction projects such as the Colosseum. Upon his death in 79, he was succeeded by his eldest son Titus. 


Titus

Titus (Titus Flavius Vespasianus, 30 December 39 – 13 September 81) was Roman Emperor from 79 to 81. A member of the Flavian dynasty, Titus succeeded his father Vespasian upon his death.

Before becoming emperor, Titus gained renown as a military commander. He served as a military tribune in Germany and Roman Britain.

It was he who brought the reinforcements after the revolt of Boudicca. Two tribes had destroyed Colchester, London and St Albans, and wiped out a whole legion, but were finally defeated by the Roman governor of Britain.

He served under his father in Judaea during the First Jewish-Roman War (66–70), where he commanded a legion. The campaign came to a brief halt with the death of emperor Nero in 68, but soon continued in the Year of the Four Emperors.

When Vespasian was declared emperor on 1 July 69, Titus was left in charge of ending the Jewish rebellion. In 70, he successfully laid siege to Jerusalem. He destroyed the city and Temple in Jerusalem. For this, Titus was awarded a Roman triumph. To this day, the Arch of Titus commemorates his victory circa AD 70.

When Vespasian became Emperor, Titus and his brother Domitian received the title of "Caesar" from the Senate. Titus held seven Roman consulships during Vespasian's reign and acted as his secretary, appearing in the Senate on his behalf.

Under the rule of his father, Titus gained notoriety in Rome as a ruthless Prefect of the Praetorian Guard.

During the Jewish wars, Titus had begun a love affair with Berenice, sister of Agrippa II. The Herodians had collaborated with the Romans during the rebellion, and Berenice herself had supported Vespasian upon his campaign to become emperor.

In 75, she returned to Titus and openly lived with him in the palace as his promised wife. The Romans were wary of her, and disapproved of their relationship. When the pair was publicly denounced by Cynics in the theatre, Titus caved in to the pressure and sent her away, but his reputation suffered.

Titus ruled to great acclaim after the death of Vespasian in 79. He was considered a good emperor by Suetonius and other contemporary historians.

As emperor, he is best known for completing the Colosseum and for his generosity in relieving the suffering caused by two disasters, the Mount Vesuvius eruption of 79 and a fire in Rome in 80.

Because of his supposed vices, many Romans feared he would be another Nero. But Titus proved to be an effective emperor and was well-loved when people found that he had virtues instead of vices. One of his first acts as an emperor was to stop trials based on treason charges, which had long plagued Rome.

Under Augustus, the law of treason had been revived and applied to cover slander and libel. This led to a long cycle of trials and executions under such emperors as Tiberius, Caligula and Nero. This spawned entire networks of informers who terrorized Rome for decades. Titus put an end to this practice, against himself or anyone else, declaring:

"It is impossible for me to be insulted or abused in any way. For I do naught that deserves censure, and I care not for what is reported falsely".

Consequently, no senators were put to death during his reign; he thus kept to his promise that he would assume the office of Pontifex Maximus "for the purpose of keeping his hands unstained". The informers were publicly punished and banished from the city. Titus then made it unlawful for persons to be tried under different laws for the same offense (double jeopardy|). Finally, when Berenice returned to Rome, he sent her away.

After barely two years in office, Titus died of a fever on 13 September 81. He was deified (declared a god) by the Roman Senate and succeeded by his younger brother Domitian.

RTL Television

RTL Television or short RTL is a German television station. It belongs to the RTL Group. It started on 2 January 1984.


Nerva

Nerva (Marcus Cocceius Nerva, 8 November 30 – 25 January 98) was Roman Emperor from 96 to 98.

Nerva became emperor at the age of sixty-five, after a lifetime of imperial service under Nero and the rulers of the Flavian dynasty. Under Nero, he was a member of the imperial team, and played a vital part in exposing the Pisonian conspiracy of 65.

Later, as a loyalist to the Flavians, he attained consulships in 71 and 90 during the reigns of Vespasian and Domitian respectively.

On 18 September 96, Domitian was assassinated in a palace conspiracy. On the same day, Nerva was declared emperor by the Roman Senate. As the new ruler of the Roman Empire, he vowed to restore liberties which had been cut during the autocratic government of Domitian.

Nerva's brief reign was marred by financial difficulties and his inability to assert his authority over the Roman army.

A revolt by the Praetorian Guard in October 97 caused him to adopt an heir. After some deliberation Nerva adopted Trajan, a young and popular general, as his successor. After barely fifteen months in office, Nerva died of natural causes.

Although much of his life remains obscure, Nerva was considered a wise and moderate emperor by ancient historians. Recent historians have revised this assessment, characterizing Nerva as a well-intentioned but ultimately weak ruler, whose reign brought the Roman Empire to the brink of civil war.

Nerva's greatest success was his choice of Trajan. This led to a peaceful transition after his death, thus founding the Nerva-Antonine dynasty.

Jimmy McLeod

James Bradley McLeod (April 8, 1937 – May 18, 2019) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. McLeod started his career with the St. Louis Blues in the National Hockey League during the 1972. Later in his career he played in the World Hockey Association for the Chicago Cougars, Los Angeles Sharks, Michigan Stags, and New York Golden Blades.

Jeff McDill

Jeffrey Donald 'Jeff' McDill (born March 16, 1956) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1976–77 NHL season.

Murdo MacKay

Murdo John MacKay (born 8 August 1917 in Fort William, Ontario - d. August 8, 2000) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 19 games in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens.

Bernadette Soubirous

Bernadette Soubirous (7 January 1844 – 16 April 1879) was a young girl who had religious visions at Lourdes, France. During 1858 she said she saw the Virgin Mary 18 times. The Roman Catholic Church later made her a saint, and Lourdes has become one of the most visited places for pilgrims.

List of political parties in the United Kingdom

This is a list of political parties in the United Kingdom. 

The most significant political parties in England:


There are two types of parties in Scotland; pro-independence parties and British unionist parties. Pro-independence parties want to create an independent Scotland, outside of the United Kingdom and British unionists want to keep Scotland as part of the United Kingdom. Parties represented in the Scottish Parliament and/or in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom are:



"See also": Political parties in Scotland

Parties represented in the Welsh Assembly are:


There are two main types of political parties in Northern Ireland; Republicans and Unionists. Republicans want Northern Ireland to leave the United Kingdom and join with the Republic of Ireland. Unionists want to keep Northern Ireland in the United Kingdom and there are parties who are open-minded about the issue. Parties represented in the Northern Ireland Assembly are:



Economic nationalism

Economic nationalism is the idea that a state should have control over its economy, labour and how capital is formed. In most cases, this includes taxation of imports. In many cases, economic nationalism is the opposite of globalization, or it questions the use of free trade without restrictions.

Green Party of England and Wales

The Green Party of England and Wales is a green, left-wing political party in England and Wales. The party's policies promote environmentalism and progressive social reform. It wants to create a system of proportional representation for British elections. It has progressive policies on animal rights, LGBT rights and believes in drug policy reform. The party also supports a universal basic income (UBI).

The party has 1 out of 573 English and Welsh seats in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, three members of the London Assembly and hundreds of elected members of local government. The party is close to the Scottish Green Party and the Green Party of Northern Ireland. The party's first leader was Caroline Lucas from 2008 until 2012. Its current leaders are Carla Denyer and Adrian Ramsay, who were elected as co-leaders on 1 October 2021.

The Green Party includes several regional parties. The Cornish Green Party supports autonomy for Cornwall.


Trifluoromethylphenylpiperazine

Trifluoromethylphenylpiperazine (TFMPP) is an organic chemical substance. It is a derivative of Piperazine. It is sometimes used as a part of other illegal drugs. It is sometimes used as a replacement for the drug MDMA, or as a component of Ecstasy pills. TFMPP has no known use in the chemical industry. Its action is si milar to that of MDMDA in many ways. 

Aliens (movie)

Aliens is an American science fiction-action horror movie released in 1986. It is a science fiction movie because it takes place in outer space and there are alien creatures. It was directed by James Cameron and stars Sigourney Weaver, Michael Biehn and Lance Henriksen. "Aliens" is a sequel to "Alien" (1979) and was followed by two more sequels; "Alien³" (1992) and "" (1997).

This one is different than the original movie because instead of it being just a horror movie, it has more action in it and there is more than one alien in it, as said in the title of the movie.

Evolutionary suicide

Evolutionary suicide is not a standard term in evolutionary biology. It is not used in any standard textbook on evolution.

It is the incorrect idea that the adaptation of an individual animal works in such a way that an entire species dies out. The idea is that evolution makes plants and animals pass on their genes to the next generation more efficiently, but it does not guarantee the survival of the population or the species. Obviously, that is true, and extinction occurs often. Evolution cannot foresee the future. This is, however, nothing at all to do with suicide.

A candidate for a future evolutionary suicide might be cod. Cod is caught as fish by humans. The fish do not weigh as much as they used to, mostly because they do not survive long enough. They do, however, mature earlier. Although this means the number of eggs per female fish is reduced, its effect depends rather on the extent of overfishing. Data suggests that when fishing is controlled, cod numbers return to their former level. This was the lesson of World War II, when cod fishing in many areas was greatly reduced, and pre-war cod numbers recovered.

Jewish territorialism

Territorialism, also known as Statism (but not to be confused with another belief also called statism), was a Jewish political movement related to Zionism. Jewish people wanted some land to live in together. It did not necessarily have to be the Jewish biblical homeland in the land where the state of Israel is today, and it did not necessarily have to be its own country.

Before 1905, some Zionist leaders were thinking about making places for Jews to call home other than Palestine. Theodor Herzl's "Der Judenstaat" argued for a Jewish state in either Palestine, "our ever-memorable historic home", or Argentina, "one of the most fertile countries in the world". ("Fertile" means land where it is easy to grow crops.) Many of the socialist Zionist groups were more territorialist than Zionist, such as Nachman Syrkin's Zionist Socialist Workers Party (the Z.S.).

The Jewish Colonization Association, started in 1891 by the Baron Maurice de Hirsch, was started to help move many Jews from Russia and other Eastern European countries. It wanted to move them to land where they could grow food and that it would buy. It had in mind land in North and South America (especially Argentina).

In 1903, British cabinet ministers suggested the British Uganda Programme, land for a Jewish state in "Uganda" (the land they were thinking about is actually in the modern country of Kenya). At first, Herzl said no to the idea, because he liked Palestine better. After the April 1903 Kishinev pogrom, in which many Jews were violently attacked in Russia, Herzl suggested to the Sixth Zionist Congress to look at the offer as a temporary way to keep Russian Jews safe. The plan was very controversial, and many Russian Jews were so upset that they walked out of the meeting. Few historians believe that such a settlement idea could have attracted immigrants, received much money in donations, or been supported by many other countries. Because some members of the Zionist leadership liked the idea, however, peace was kept in the movement because they voted to start a committee to look at the possibility. They did not officially say no to the idea until the Seventh Zionist Congress in 1905.

Because of this, the Jewish Territorialist Organization (ITO) led by Israel Zangwill split off from the Zionist movement. It tried to find land where Jews could settle in different parts of America (e.g. Galveston), Africa, Asia, and Australia, but with little success. The ITO broke up in 1925. 

Apart from the (ITO), within the USSR there was also a Territorialist effort in Ukraine, the Crimea and then in a region around Birobidzhan, where a Jewish Autonomous Region was started in 1934.

As the Holocaust became close and as Nazis were discriminating against Jews in Germany, Isaac Nachman Steinberg started the Freeland League in the United States in 1935. This organization tried, but did not succeed, to start a new Jewish country by getting a large piece of land in places in Ecuador, Australia, or Suriname where not many people lived. One of the more well-known tries was the Kimberley Plan, to get land in Australia. After the State of Israel was created in 1948, Steinberg had criticized the exclusivist politics of the Zionist government and continued his attempts to create a non-nationalist Jewish settlement in some other part of the world. After Steinberg died in 1957, the Freeland League was led by Mordkhe Schaechter, who gradually changed the focus of the organization to more cultural, Yiddishist goals.


Jewish Virtual Library

Jewish Virtual Library (JVL) is an online encyclopedia published by the American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise (the AICE). Established in 1993, it is a comprehensive website covering Israel, the Jewish people, and Jewish culture.

The website was first made in the late 1990s. It was first called The Jewish Student Online Research Center (JSOURCE).According to the website, the Library covers material that cannot be found anywhere else in the world, such as information about projects where the United States and Israel worked together, and how Americans were treated during the Holocaust. It explains that it got permission to use materials from the Library of Congress, from the American Jewish Historical Society, the Anti-Defamation League, the Simon Wiesenthal Center, the Israeli Foreign Ministry, and Prime Minister’s Office, Rabbi Joseph Telushkin (author of "Jewish Literacy"), and dozens of other sources.

It has more than 13,000 articles and 6,000 photographs and maps about Jewish history, Israel, U.S.-Israel relations, the Holocaust, anti-Semitism, and Judaism. The website has all of the words of the Tanakh. The Jewish Virtual Library also has the Israel advocacy text "Myths and Facts", edited by Mitchell Bard, in several languages.

John Jaeger, in an article published by the Association of College and Research Libraries, said of the Jewish Virtual Library: 
"This library, once it is entered, is more like a living encyclopedia than it is anything else. One has options to click on, such as history, women, biography, politics, Israel, maps, and Judaic Treasures at the Library of Congress, with each launching a person into a different realm. The site is extremely well put together.

Karen Evans of Indiana State University wrote that the site covers many different topics, with "easily accessible, balanced information".

The Jewish Virtual Library has been used as a source by CNN, New York Times, BBC, CBS News, Fox News, "The Los Angeles Times", "USA Today", "Business Week", and Bloomberg, among others. JVL got awards from Britannica "Internet Guide Selection", "USA Today" "Hot Site", and the "Best of the Jewish Web" from the Jewish Agency for Israel, the" Academic Excellence Award" from Study Web and others.


Taio Cruz

Taio Cruz (born 23 April 1980) is an English R&B singer. He started his career by writing songs for other singers.

Cruz has released three studio albums and his single, "Break Your Heart" which was featured on his "Rokstarr" album was a number one hit in both the UK and the USA. In 2014 he released his fourth album called "#Black".

Taio Cruz has released 3 studio albums:

Martin Truex Jr.

Martin Lee Truex Jr. (born June 29, 1980 in Mayetta, New Jersey) is an American racecar driver. Truex drives the No. 19 Toyota Camry for Joe Gibbs Racing in the NASCAR Cup Series. Truex won the 2004 and 2005 Nationwide Series championships. Truex won the 2017 NASCAR Cup Series Championship in the No. 78 Furniture Row Racing Toyota. Truex's brother Ryan Truex is also a race car driver. Winning his first top 3 series race in 2023 at the Xfinity race at Dover Motor Speedway


Haitian Revolution

The Haitian Revolution (1791–1804) was a conflict in the French colony of Saint-Domingue, leading to the abolition of slavery in Haiti and the formation of Haiti as the first modern republic ruled by Africans. It was the biggest slave rebellion since the Zanj rebellion agains the Abbasid Caliphate in Iraq, which also lasted 14 years. Its leaders were former slaves who decided to fight for freedom, like Toussaint L'ouverture, Cécile Fatiman, Dutty Boukman, and Jean-Jacques Dessalines. The Haitian Revolution led to Haiti being the second nation in the Americas (after the United States of America) formed from a European colony, and the first one to ban slavery.

 

GP

GP may refer to the Motion Picture Association of America film rating system

or to General practitioner
Janenschia

Janenschia (named after Werner Janensch) was a huge, plant-eating dinosaur with an elongated neck and tail. It was a sauropod from the late Jurassic period, about 156 million to 150 million years ago. "Janenschia" had a small head, blunt teeth, and a short, thick tail; it was about 80 feet (24 m) long. This titanosaurid back may have been covered with bony, armored plates. Fossils have been found in Tanzania, Africa. It is said that this dinosaur was a secondary prey for T-rex.

Hadrian

Hadrian (Publius Aelius Hadrianus, 24 January 76 – 10 July 138) was Roman Emperor from 117 to 138.

He is well known for building Hadrian's Wall, which marked the northern limit of Roman territory in Britain. In Rome, he built the Pantheon, Castel Sant'Angelo (originally Hadrian's Tomb) and the Temple of Venus and Roma.

In addition to being emperor, Hadrian was a humanist and a lover of Greek culture in all his tastes. Hadrian was the third of the so-called Five Good Emperors.

Hadrian was born to a Hispano-Roman family, probably in Italica (near Seville). His predecessor Trajan was a maternal cousin of Hadrian's father. Trajan never officially designated an heir, but according to his wife Pompeia Plotina, Trajan named Hadrian emperor immediately before his death. Trajan's wife and his friend Licinius Sura were well-disposed towards Hadrian, and he may well have owed his succession to them.

During his reign, Hadrian traveled to nearly every province of the empire. Hadrian sought to make Athens the cultural capital of the empire: he ordered the construction of many temples in the city.

During his travels, Hadrian met a common-born young man named Antinous, who became his favourite and probable lover. In 130, when travelling through Egypt and sailing on the Nile, Antinous drowned. Hadrian grieved his loss deeply, and did much to preserve his memory, including founding the city of Antinoöpolis and asking the Greeks to diefy Antinous. 

Hadrian spent much of his time with the military. He usually wore military attire, and dined and slept amongst the soldiers. He ordered military training and drilling to be more rigorous and even made use of false reports of attack to keep the army alert. Despite his fondness for the army, there was little military activity throughout the empire while Hadrian reigned. After he became emperor, Hadrian withdrew from Trajan's conquests in Mesopotamia and Armenia, and even considered abandoning Dacia. Late in his reign, he stopped the Bar Kokhba revolt in Judaea, renaming the province Syria Palaestina.

In 136 an ailing Hadrian adopted Lucius Aelius as his heir, but he died suddenly two years later. In 138, Hadrian promised to adopt Antoninus Pius if he would in turn adopt Marcus Aurelius and Aelius' son Lucius Verus as his own eventual successors. Antoninus agreed, and soon afterward Hadrian died at his villa near Tibur.

Civilization III

Civilization III or Civ 3 is a turn based strategy computer game by Firaxis Games from 2001. It is the third part of the successful serial. The game become two expansion sets, "Play the World" and "Conquests". In the game you control a nation from the stone age too the modern age. "Civilization III" has many new innovations in contrast with "Civilization II". There are strategic resources, country borders and the military units will support by the nation, not by the cities.



Paul Revere

Paul Revere (; December 21, 1734 O.S. (January 1, 1735 N.S.)May 10, 1818) was an early United States Patriot and a leader of the American Revolution. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts and worked there as a silversmith. He was married twice and became the father of 16 children.

Revere was a member of a group called The Sons of Liberty. This group wanted better treatment for the American colonies from the British government. Revere made a silver engraving of the Boston Massacre. This engraving made Americans even more angry with the British.

Revere was a courier and soldier in the American Revolution. After the Revolutionary War in 1801, he opened a metal foundry in Boston called the Revere Copper Company which was the first copper rolling mill in North America. It is still in operation today. He died in Boston, and was buried in the Granary Burying Ground. He is most famous for alerting the colonial militia that British soldiers were coming before the Battles of Lexington and Concord. In 1860, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow wrote a poem about this called "Paul Revere's Ride."

Revere is most famous for his "Midnight Ride". It happened on the night of April 1819, 1775. British officials had learned that American Patriots (the leaders of the American Revolution) were storing guns in Concord, Massachusetts. They wanted to destroy the guns. The Patriots thought the British also wanted to capture Patriot leaders John Hancock and Samuel Adams. The two leaders were staying in Lexington, Massachusetts. Revere and a man named William Dawes rode on horseback from Boston to Lexington, Massachusetts to warn Adams and Hancock that the British were coming. Revere warned other Patriots along the way. 

People commonly believe that Paul Revere arrived in Lexington and shouted his famous quote ("The British are coming!"), but this is false. When Revere arrived in Lexington, he quietly woke up the people and told them about the British to avoid drawing attention to himself. Revere was soon joined by Dawes, who also told the people that the British soldiers were coming. In Concord, Samuel Prescott joined Revere and Dawes. All three were stopped by British soldiers in a field in the city of Lincoln, Massachusetts. Prescott and Dawes escaped quickly. However, the British soldiers held Revere for about an hour before letting him go. Because his horse was gone, Revere ran back to Lexington, where the fighting had already begun. Almost a hundred years later, Paul Revere's Ride revived his fame.



Sinterklaas

Sinterklaas (also called Sint Nicolaas) is a traditional holiday figure in Dutch-speaking Europe (The Netherlands and Flanders), and is also well known in the former Dutch colonies. Every year he is celebrated in The Netherlands, one day before Saint Nicholas died (5 December) and on (6 December) in Belgium. His helper and best friend is Black Peter. Sinterklaas is the basis of the mythical holiday figure of Santa Claus in the United States. Sinterklaas has nothing to do with Christmas. Christmas will also be celebrated in the Netherlands as well as in Belgium, so Santa Claus is not the same as Sinterklaas (in the Netherlands). Sinterklaas arrives from Spain in a boat and has a white horse that can walk across rooftops. Every little kid puts his shoe at the chimney (or the window) and sings a song, when the kid goes to sleep sinterklaas comes and puts a present in the shoe.

Antoninus Pius

Antoninus Pius (Titus Aurelius Fulvus Boionius Arrius Antoninus, 19 September 86 – 7 March 161), or simply Antoninus, was Roman Emperor from 138 to 161.

As a private citizen between 110 and 115, he married Annia Galeria Faustina the Elder. They are believed to have enjoyed a happy marriage.Faustina was a beautiful woman, renowned for her wisdom. She spent her whole life caring for the poor and assisting the most disadvantaged Romans.

Faustina bore Antoninus four children, two sons and two daughters. They included Faustina the Younger, a future Roman Empress, who married her maternal cousin, future Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius.

When Faustina died in 141, Antoninus was greatly bereaved and had a temple built in the Roman Forum in her name, had coins with her portrait struck in her honor, and created a charity called "Girls of Faustina", which assisted orphaned girls.

Having filled with success the offices of quaestor and praetor, he was consul in 120. He was appointed by Hadrian as one of the four proconsuls to administer Italia, then Asia. The Emperor Hadrian adopted him as his son and successor on 25 February 138, after the death of his first adopted son Lucius Aelius. The condition was that Antoninus would in turn adopt Marcus Annius Verus, the son of his wife's brother, and Lucius, son of Aelius Verus, who afterwards became the emperors Marcus Aurelius and Lucius Verus

There are no records of any military related acts in his time. One modern scholar has written "It is almost certain not only that at no time in his life did he ever see, let alone command, a Roman army, but that, throughout the twenty-three years of his reign, he never went within five hundred miles of a legion". His reign was the most peaceful in the entire history of the Principate.

Unrest in Britannia is believed to have led to the construction of the Antonine Wall from the Firth of Forth to the Firth of Clyde, although it was soon abandoned.

He was virtually unique among emperors in that he dealt with crises without leaving Italy once during his reign. He dealt with provincial matters through their governors or through imperial letters to the cities such as Ephesus (of which some were publicly displayed). This style of government was highly praised by his contemporaries and by later generations.

Those twenty-two years were not remarkably eventful in comparison to those before and after his reign. We might think that he wisely cut the activities of the Roman Empire to a careful minimum. Perhaps he was uninterested in events away from Rome, and his inaction contributed to the troubles which faced Marcus Aurelius and other emperors of the third century.

German historian Ernst Kornemann, in his "Römische Geschichte" (roman history) [2 vols., ed. by H. Bengtson, Stuttgart 1954], said that the reign of Antoninus comprised "a succession of grossly wasted opportunities", given the upheavals that were to come. There is more to this argument, given that the Parthians in the East were themselves soon to make no small amount of mischief after Antoninus' passing. Kornemann's brief is that Antoninus might have waged preventive wars to head off these outsiders.

After the longest reign since Augustus (surpassing Tiberius by a couple of months), Antoninus died of fever about twelve miles (19 km) from Rome, on 7 March 161. The last word that he uttered when the tribune of the night-watch came to ask the password was "aequanimitas" (equanimity).

Zwarte Piet

Zwarte Piet (, Dutch for "Black Pete"; , , ) is the friend of Saint Nicholas (, , , ) in the folklore of the Low Countries. 

The character first appeared in an 1850 book by Amsterdam schoolteacher Jan Schenkman. 

Zwarte Piet is black because he is a Moor from Spain. People playing Zwarte Piet usually put on blackface and colourful suits along with curly wigs and bright red lipstick.

Recently, the character has become controversial with many saying it was racist towards people of African descent. 

Lucius Verus

Lucius Verus (Lucius Ceionius Commodus, 15 December 130 – 169) was Roman co-emperor with Marcus Aurelius (121–180), from 161 until his death. In practice, he was the junior partner of the great Marcus Aurelius.

When his father died in early 138, Hadrian chose Antoninus Pius (86–161) as his successor. Antoninus was adopted by Hadrian on the condition that Verus and Hadrian’s great-nephew Marcus Aurelius was to be adopted by Antoninus as his sons and heirs.

Verus started his political career as a quaestor in 153, became consul in 154, and in 161 was consul again with Marcus Aurelius as his senior partner.

Antoninus died on 7 March 161, and was succeeded by Marcus Aurelius. Although the senate planned to confirm Marcus alone, he refused to take office unless Lucius received equal powers. The senate accepted, granting Lucius the "imperium", the tribunician power, and the name Augustus. It was the first time that Rome was ruled by two emperors.

In spite of their nominal equality, Marcus held more authority than Verus. He had been consul once more than Lucius, he had shared in Pius' administration, and he alone was "Pontifex Maximus". It would have been clear to the public which emperor was the more senior. As the biographer wrote, "Verus obeyed Marcus...as a lieutenant obeys a proconsul or a governor obeys the emperor".

Immediately after their senate confirmation, the emperors went to the camp of the praetorian guard. Lucius addressed the assembled troops, which then acclaimed the pair as "imperatores". Then, like every new emperor since Claudius, Lucius promised the troops a special donative. The ceremony was perhaps not entirely necessary, given that Marcus' accession had been peaceful and unopposed, but it was good insurance against later military troubles.

War with Parthia had started as soon as Antoninus died.

Over the winter of 161–62, as more bad news arrived—a rebellion was brewing in Syria—it was decided that Lucius should direct the Parthian war in person. He was stronger and healthier than Marcus, the argument went, more suited to military activity. Whatever the case, the senate gave its assent, and Lucius left. Marcus would remain in Rome; the city "demanded the presence of an emperor".

Furius Victorinus, one of the two praetorian prefects, was sent with Lucius, as were a pair of senators, and part of the praetorian guard. Victorinus had previously served as procurator of Galatia, giving him some experience with eastern affairs. Since a prefect had to accompany the guard, Victorinus was the clear choice.

Laelianus, one of the Senators, was "a serious man and an old-fashioned disciplinarian". Bassus, the other Senator, had been governor of Lower Moesia, and was also made "comes".

Lucius left in the summer of 162 to take a ship from Brundisium; Marcus followed him as far as Capua. Lucius feasted himself in the country houses along his route, and hunted at Apulia. He fell ill at Canosa, probably afflicted with a mild stroke, and took to bed. Marcus made prayers to the gods for his safety in front of the senate, and hurried south to see him.

Verus continued eastward via Corinth and Athens, accompanied by musicians and singers as if in a royal progress. It is not known how long Verus' journey east took; he might not have arrived in Antioch until after 162. Statius Priscus, meanwhile, must have already arrived in Cappadocia; he would earn fame in 163 for successful generalship.

Lucius spent most of the campaign in Antioch, though he wintered at Laodicea and summered at Daphne, a resort just outside Antioch. He took up a mistress named Panthea, from Smyrna. The biographer calls her a "low-born girl-friend", but she is probably closer to an account of Lucian: "a woman of perfect beauty", more beautiful than any of Phidias and Praxiteles' statues. Polite, caring, humble, she sang to the lyre perfectly and spoke clear Ionic Greek, spiced with Attic wit.

Lucius faced quite a task. The Syrian army had turned soft during the east's long peace. They spent more time at the city's open-air cafés than in their quarters. Under Lucius, training was stepped up. Pontius Laelianus ordered that their saddles be stripped of their padding. Gambling and drinking were sternly policed. Fronto wrote that Lucius was on foot at the head of his army as often as on horseback. He personally inspected soldiers in the field and at camp, including the sick bay.

In the middle of the war, perhaps in autumn 163 or early 164, Lucius made a trip to Ephesus to be married to Marcus' daughter Lucilla. Lucilla's thirteenth birthday was in March 163; whatever the date of her marriage, she was not yet fifteen. Marcus had moved up the date: perhaps stories of Panthea had disturbed him. Lucilla was accompanied by her mother Faustina and M. Vettulenus Civica Barbarus, the half-brother of Lucius' father. Marcus may have planned to accompany them all the way to Smyrna (the biographer says he told the senate he would); this did not happen. Marcus only accompanied the group as far as Brundisium, where they boarded a ship for the east. Marcus returned to Rome immediately thereafter, and sent out special instructions to his proconsuls not to give the group any official reception. Lucilla would bear three of Lucius' children in the coming years. Lucilla became Lucilla Augusta.

Legions I Minervia and V Macedonica, under the legates M. Claudius Fronto and P. Martius Verus, served under Statius Priscus in Armenia, earning success for Roman arms during the campaign season of 163, including the capture of the Armenian capital Artaxata. At the end of the year, Verus took the title "Armeniacus", despite having never seen combat; Marcus declined to accept the title until the following year. When Lucius was hailed as "imperator" again, however, Marcus did not hesitate to take the "Imperator II" with him. The army of Syria was reinforced by II Adiutrix and Danubian legions under X Gemina's legate Geminius Marcianus.
Occupied Armenia was reconstructed on Roman terms. A new king was installed: a Roman senator of consular rank and Arsacid descent, C. Iulius Sohaemus. He may not even have been crowned in Armenia; the ceremony may have taken place in Antioch, or even Ephesus. Sohaemus was hailed on the imperial coinage of 164 under the legend : Verus sat on a throne with his staff while Sohamenus stood before him, saluting the emperor.

In 163, while Statius Priscus was occupied in Armenia, the Parthians invaded Osroene, a Roman client state in upper Mesopotamia, just east of Syria, with its capital at Edessa. They deposed the country's leader, Mannus, and replaced him with their own nominee, who would remain in office until 165. In response, Roman forces were moved downstream, to cross the Euphrates at a more southerly point. The Parthians still held the southern, Roman bank of the Euphrates (in Syria) as late as 163. Before the end of the year, however, Roman forces had moved north to occupy Dausara and Nicephorium on the northern, Parthian bank. Soon after the conquest of the north bank of the Euphrates, other Roman forces moved on Osroene from Armenia, taking Anthemusia, a town south-west of Edessa. There was little movement in 164; most of the year was spent on preparations for a renewed assault on Parthian territory.

In 165, Roman forces, perhaps led by Martius Verus and the V Macedonica, moved on Mesopotamia. Edessa was re-occupied, Mannus re-installed. His coinage resumed, too: 'Ma'nu the king' (Syriac: M'NW MLK') or Antonine dynasts on the obverse, and 'King Mannos, friend of Romans' (Greek: "Basileus Mannos Philorōmaios") on the reverse. The Parthians retreated to Nisibis, but this too was besieged and captured. The Parthian army dispersed in the Tigris; their general Chosrhoes swam down the river and made his hideout in a cave. A second force, under Avidius Cassius and the III Gallica, moved down the Euphrates, and fought a major battle at Dura.

By the end of the year, Cassius' army had reached the twin metropolises of Mesopotamia: Seleucia on the right bank of the Tigris and Ctesiphon on the left. Ctesiphon was taken and its royal palace set to flame. The citizens of Seleucia, still largely Greek (the city had been commissioned and settled as a capital of the Seleucid empire, one of Alexander the Great's successor kingdoms), opened its gates to the invaders. The city got sacked nonetheless, leaving a black mark on Lucius' reputation. Excuses were sought, or invented: the official version had it that the Seleucids broke faith first. Whatever the case, the sacking marks a particularly destructive chapter in Seleucia's long decline.

Cassius' army, although suffering from a shortage of supplies and the effects of a plague contracted in Seleucia, made it back to Roman territory safely. Iunius Maximus, a young tribune serving in III Gallica under Cassius, took the news of the victory to Rome. Maximus received a generous cash bounty for bringing the good news, and immediate promotion to the quaestorship. Lucius took the title Parthicus Maximus, and he and Marcus were hailed as "imperatores" again, earning the title 'imp. III'.

Cassius' army returned to the field in 166, crossing over the Tigris into Medea. Lucius took the title 'Medicus', and the emperors were again hailed as "imperatores", becoming 'imp. IV' in imperial titulature. Marcus took the Parthicus Maximus now, after another tactful delay.

Most of the credit for the war's success must be ascribed to subordinate generals. The forces that advanced on Osroene were led by M. Claudius Fronto, an Asian provincial of Greek descent who had led I Minervia in Armenia under Priscus. He was probably the first senator in his family. Fronto was consul for 165, probably in honor of the capture of Edessa. P. Martius Verus had led V Macedonica to the front, and also served under Priscus. Martius Verus was a westerner, whose "patria" was perhaps Tolosa in Gallia Narbonensis.

The most prominent general, however, was C. Avidius Cassius, commander of III Gallica, one of the Syrian legions. Cassius was young senator of low birth from the north Syrian town of Cyrrhus. His father, Heliodorus, had not been a senator, but was nonetheless a man of some standing: he had been Hadrian's "ab epistulis", followed the emperor on his travels, and was prefect of Egypt at the end of Hadrian's reign. Cassius also, with no small sense of self-worth, claimed descent from the Seleucid kings. Cassius and Martius Verus, still probably in their mid-thirties, took the consulships for 166.

Vologases IV of Parthia (147–191) made peace but was forced to cede western Mesopotamia to the Romans. Lucius is reported to have been an excellent commander, without fear of delegating military tasks to more competent generals.

On his return to Rome, Lucius was awarded with a triumph. The parade was unusual because it included Lucius, Marcus Aurelius, their sons and unmarried daughters as a big family celebration. Marcus Aurelius' two sons, Commodus five years old and Annius Verus of three, were elevated to the status of Caesar for the occasion.

In the spring of 168 war broke out in the Danubian border when the Marcomanni invaded the Roman territory. This war would last until 180, but Verus did not see the end of it. In 168, as Verus and Marcus Aurelius returned to Rome from the field, Verus fell ill with symptoms attributed to food poisoning, dying after a few days (169). However, scholars believe that Verus may have been a victim of smallpox, as he died during a widespread epidemic known as the Antonine Plague. Despite the minor differences between them, Marcus Aurelius grieved the loss of his adoptive brother. He accompanied the body to Rome, where he offered games to honour his memory.

Auto mechanic

An auto mechanic is a mechanic that works with cars, car parts, and special car changes that make the car work differently called modifications. Auto mechanics can either know all about all the different parts that let the car work, or they can specialize in one specific kind of part or car. People go to auto mechanics for many reasons: They might need to get a new car part, they might need to find out what is wrong with their car, or they might want to add something new to the car to make it better. Auto mechanics almost always work in places called garages, that are made for the work that auto mechanics do.

What diagnostic scanner do auto mechanic use?

When a vehicle detects a problem, it generates a DTC code which is a unique code that corresponds to the specific problem detected. The code is usually a combination of letters and numbers. DTC codes are read by a diagnostic tool, such as an OBD-II scanner, which is plugged into the vehicle's diagnostic port. for more click here

2007 Scottish Parliament election

The 2007 Scottish Parliament election was an election held on 3 May 2007 to elect members to the Scottish Parliament.

Going into the election, the Scottish Labour Party had the largest number of seats and had a coalition agreement with the Scottish Liberal Democrats with Jack McConnell as First Minister. The Scottish National Party won 47 seats in the election, which was the largest number of seats for any party in the election, but was not enough to form a majority government. The Scottish National Party then formed a minority government with Alex Salmond as First Minister.

This was the first time since the 1964 UK General Election in which the Labour Party did not get the highest number of votes in Scotland and it also gave the Scottish National Party it's largest ever number of votes. The final results were: Scottish National Party (47 Seats), Scottish Labour Party (46 Seats), Scottish Conservative Party (17 Seats), Scottish Liberal Democrats (16 Seats) and the Scottish Green Party (2 Seats). Parties which had won seats in the 2003 Scottish Parliament election including the Scottish Socialist Party and the Scottish Senior Citizens Party, lost all of their seats.

Scotland is divided into 73 constituencies with roughly the same number of people in each one. Each of these constituencies elects one Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) using the First Past the Post voting system. These 73 constituencies are grouped into eight regions. Each of these regions elects seven MSPs using proportional representation which means that the total number of MSPs is 129.

Scottish National Party - Alex Salmond

Scottish Labour Party - Jack McConnell

Scottish Conservative Party - Annabel Goldie

Scottish Liberal Democrats - Nicol Stephen

Scottish Green Party - Robin Harper / Shiona Baird

The next election to the Scottish parliament was held on 5 May 2011.

Cash register

A cash register, or till, is a machine that holds money. Cash registers are usually found in shops and restaurants. They are used to calculate how much a customer has to pay for something, such as a good or service. The drawer of the cash register, which contains the money, is designed so that it would only open if somebody is buying something. This is to try to stop the customer from stealing money from the employees.

The person who invented the cash register was James Ritty, who came from Ohio and owned a bar in Dayton. In 1878, he found out that the people who worked in the bar kept on stealing money. When he noticed a part of a ship which counted how many times the propeller turned, he used the same idea to build a machine that could count different amount of sales. He got a patent on his machine and started a company the next year to make them, but it was not popular and the company, which became the National Cash Register Company in 1884, was sold to John H. Patterson.

Although the first cash registers were completely mechanical (they used moving parts such as gears and pulleys), and later ones were powered by electricity, today's cash registers use electronics. Computer chips are used to add up the prices of different items, show the total amount that has to be paid as well as the change that has to be given back to the customer, open the cash drawer after the customer has paid, and print a receipt as a proof of purchase.

Today, there is software that runs on personal computers that does the same thing as a cash register. This is called a point of sale (POS) system and is used by many big stores and restaurants because it is easier to manage a lot of machines from one place. It can also take care of inventory (how much of each item is in the store at any time), so that the shop owner knows when they have to get more items from the supplier to make sure a customer can get the item when they want it. Unlike a traditional cash register, different parts of a POS system are separate hardware rather than built into one machine, which makes it easier to set up. Companies like IBM, Toshiba, and NCR Corporation (which came from the original National Cash Register Company) are just a few of those that make POS systems and hardware, some of which include touchscreens that make it easy to operate.

A cashier is the name of a person who works at the cash register or POS terminal of a retail store, sometimes called the "checkout" or "till". Customers bring any merchandise they wish to buy to the cashier, who will then enter each item into the cash register. In the past, the cashier had to press some keys on a keyboard to do this, but in recent days he or she simply scans a barcode on the product itself using a laser scanner. The cash register then looks up the item in a database stored in a computer to get its price, and add it to the customer's purchase.

In some types of stores, such as grocery stores, items are sold by weight. In this case, the cashier has to put the item on a weighing scale, which would then send the weight of the item to the cash register to calculate its price. Many stores use a system of code numbers, called price look-up (PLU) codes, to identify the item being weighed and sold. These code numbers have become a standard used around the world.

After the cashier has scanned all of the goods, he or she will ask the customer for payment. If the customer is paying by cash, the customer gives the cashier money, which the cashier will count to find out how much the customer is paying. He or she will then enter the amount into the cash register, which will open the cash drawer. Inside the drawer, there are different places to put each type of bill and coin (for example, all the 1-dollar bills go in one part, and all the 25 cent coins go in another part). The cashier puts the bills and coins from the customer into the right places in the drawer, and takes out bills and coins that add up to the amount of change that the customer is supposed to get. The cashier closes the drawer and gives the change and receipt to the customer.
Many modern cash registers and POS terminals also allow payments by electronic funds transfer (EFT), such as a debit card or credit card. In this case, the customer has to use a small machine next to the cash register or POS terminal that reads the data from his or her card. Depending on the type of card being used, he or she and might have to enter a personal identification number (PIN) to confirm the transaction. Many debit and credit cards now have a feature called contactless payment, which allows the user to simply tap his or her card on the reader to pay, making it quicker than other methods such as a chip or magnetic stripe. It uses radio-frequency identification (RFID) technology, which is compatible with near field communication (NFC) that is built into many mobile phones. Companies like Apple, Google, and Microsoft have all made NFC-based mobile payment systems for platforms like iOS, Android, and Windows.

In the 2010s, there is a type of POS terminal that is operated by the customer, rather than a cashier. With this self-checkout, the customer scans the items he or she wishes to buy, and then pays by inserting cash or a credit card. These types of checkouts still have someone to look after them, in case any customer needs help.

Besides retail, the hospitality industry also makes use of cash registers and POS systems. Depending on where the system is used, they usually work differently from those in retail. For example, a restaurant cash register has to store information about every order, such as who ordered what from each table, whether the bill should be split or not, and whether a tip is added. Another example is in hotels, where a cash register has to store information about every room, such as who has booked the room, for how long, and what extra services are needed.


2010 United Kingdom general election

The 2010 United Kingdom General Election was an election held on 6 May 2010 to elect 650 members to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The three party leaders are shown below.

The election resulted in a hung parliament, where no political party has an overall majority of seats. This is the first time this has happened since 1974. 

The Conservative Party won 307 out of the 650 seats available making them the largest party in the House of Commons. A coalition was then formed between the Conservative Party and the Liberal Democrats who together had enough seats for a majority. This is the first coalition government in the United Kingdom since World War II. 

The Leader of the Conservative Party David Cameron became Prime Minister of the United Kigdom on 11 May 2010 and the leader of the Liberal Democrats Nick Clegg became the Deputy Prime Minister. Before the election, the Leader of the Labour Party Gordon Brown was the Prime Minister.

This was the first British general election where the leaders of the three main parties took part together in a series of debates for television. The first debate was shown on ITV and was moderated by Alastair Stewart. It was on the subject of domestic affairs and polls taken after the debate showed that most people thought Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg had done the best and the Liberal Democrats then saw a large rise in support in opinion polls, even beating Labour for second place behind the Conservatives. 

The second debate, on the subject of Foreign Affairs was shown on Sky News and was moderated by Adam Boulton. Polls after this debate showed that Nick Clegg and David Cameron had done best with Gordon Brown slightly behind. The third and final debate was shown on BBC One and was moderated by David Dimbleby. It was on the subject of the economy and taxes and most opinion polls indicated that David Cameron had performed the best out of the three leaders.

The Conservative Party gained support from the following newspapers: the "Daily Express", the "Daily Mail", the "Sun", the "Daily Telegraph", the "Times", the "Daily Star", the "Evening Standard", the "Financial Times", "Sunday Express", the "Mail on Sunday", the "News of the World", the "Sunday Telegraph" and the "Sunday Times". The Liberal Democrats were supported by: the "Guardian", the "Observer" and the "Independent". Only the "Daily Mirror" and the "Sunday Mirror" supported the Labour Party and the "People" newspaper favoured a coalition.

This election saw the Conservative Party return to government for the first time since 1997 and also saw the Liberal Democrats get their first ever representation in government. Peter Robinson, the First Minister of Northern Ireland and leader of the Democratic Unionist Party unexpectedly lost his seat to the Alliance Party. The Green Party of England and Wales gained its first ever seat in the House of Commons and the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland gained its first seat in the House of Commons since 1974. Former Labour Party Home Secretaries Jacqui Smith and Charles Clarke both lost their seats. The Ulster Unionist Party and the Respect Party won seats in the 2005 General Election but lost their seats in the 2010 Election. 

The final results of the election were: 


The seat of North Down was won by an Independent candidate and the seat of Buckingham was won by the Speaker of the House of Commons John Bercow, who is not considered to be of any political party.

Gabbi Tuft

Gabbi Alon Tuft (born Gabriel Allan Tuft; November 1, 1978) is an American retired professional wrestler. She is best known for working for WWE where she competed under the ring name Tyler Reks. She wrestled on their Raw, SmackDown and ECW brands. During her time in Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), Tuft was a one-time FCW Florida Heavyweight Champion and a one-time FCW Florida Tag Team Champion with Johnny Curtis.

Tuft debuted on ECW and was also in a pre-show battle royal at WrestleMania XXVI which was won by Yoshi Tatsu. Recently Tuft was on Team SmackDown at the 2010 version of Bragging Rights when they won the trophy for the second time in a row.

She asked to be released from her WWE contract on August 21, 2012 because she wanted to retire from professional wrestling and spend more time with her family.

Assigned male at birth, Gabbi Tuft publicly came out as a trans woman in February 2021.


Blake Griffin

Blake Austin Griffin (born March 16, 1989) is an American basketball player. He is a power forward for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA). 

Griffin played college basketball for two years at the University of Oklahoma, then decided to enter the NBA Draft.

In the 2009 NBA Draft, the Clippers chose him with the first pick. However, Griffin broke a kneecap during the preseason and missed the entire 2009-2010 season. He finally played his first regular season NBA game on October 27, 2010. Griffin scored 20 points and had 14 rebounds, although the Clippers lost to the Portland Trail Blazers, 98-88. 

Griffin quickly became known as a hard working player and a good dunker. He was chosen to be in the slam dunk contest during the 2011 NBA All-Star Weekend, and was also chosen to play in the 2011 NBA All-Star Game.


Hedge

A hedge or hedgerow is a close-knit row of shrubs and sometimes tree species. They were usually planted and "trained" to form a barrier. They marked the boundary of an area, and so were a sign of possession. 

Livestock farmers use them to prevent cattle straying out of fields. Animals which cannot usually be contained in fields (hill sheep for example) need a man and dog to look after them, which is an expense. Hedges were much more common before modern agriculture. Modern crop farming uses machines to gather the crop, and so hedges have almost disappeared in some areas.

When hedges are first laid, they are usually all of one species. But over hundreds of years, the number of species in a hedge gradually increases, and often includes fully-grown trees. There are many hedges in Europe which have been there for 500 or a thousand years.

Making hedges into ornaments is a skill called topiary. Sometimes, hedges are made into mazes.

Hedges are vitally important to small birds and mammals. In the modern world they play the role which thick forest undergrowth would have played in an ancient ecology. The nests in a hedge or thicket often cannot be got at by larger predators. Obviously tiny birds like robins or finches choose safe places to nest, and if they cannot, then their brood is unlikely to survive. 

Karen Gillan

Karen Sheila Gillan (born 28 November 1987) is a Scottish actress, director, screenwriter and model. She is best known for playing the part of Amy Pond in the British science fiction series, "Doctor Who".

Karen Gillan was born on 28 November 1987 in Inverness, Scotland. She learned to play the piano when she was seven. She started acting when she was very young. She joined several local youth theatre groups. She also acted at her school, Charleston Academy. When she was sixteen, Karen Gillan went to Edinburgh's Telford College to study acting. Later, she studied at the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts drama school in London. Karen Gillan moved to London when she was 18 to study at drama school.

Her cousin, Caitlin Blackwood, played the part of the young Amy Pond in at least three episodes of "Doctor Who".

Before Karen Gillan started acting on television, she worked in a London pub. She had had left Italia Conti for a television programme, but was hired by a modelling agency.
Karen Gillan worked as a model in London Fashion Week, in 2007. She worked for designer Allegra Hicks' show.

Karen Gillan began acting on television doing small parts, on several drama series. Her first larger role was as a part of the ensemble cast of the sketch comedy series "The Kevin Bishop Show". She worked for the series for two years. On the programme, she played many different characters. She also played celebrities such as Katy Perry and Angelina Jolie. She was on Channel 4's 'Stacked'. She played the part of Ginny. Karen Gillan also was on TV in a main part in a horror programme "The Well". It was broadcast as a series of short movies, on BBC Two. It was later shown on the internet.

Karen Gillan was cast as Amy Pond on the British sci-fi series "Doctor Who" in May 2009. Her first episode as Amy Pond was shown on 3 April 2010. Gillan had been in "Doctor Who" once before in the 2008 episode "The Fires of Pompeii" as a different character.

Karen Gillan also acts in theatre. She first role was as Shirley in John Osborne's play "Inadmissible Evidence" at the Donmar Warehouse on October 16th 2011.

At the 2011 San Diego Comic-Con, Karen Gillan said she will be on "Doctor Who" for its seventh series. On 15 December 2011, it was said that Gillan and Arthur Darvill (Rory Williams) would only be on the early part of seventh series, in 2012.

After leaving "Doctor Who", Karen Gillan has appeared in 2013 horror film "Oculus" and 2014 Marvel superhero science fiction film "Guardians of the Galaxy". Both of films received positive reviews from critics, while "Guardians of the Galaxy" became a critical and commercial success, grossing over $774 million worldwide. Also in 2014, she was cast as the main character in ABC's sitcom "Selfie".

In May 2015, it was announced that Karen Gillan was cast in the Adam McKay-directed drama film "The Big Short" alongside Brad Pitt, Christian Bale, Ryan Gosling, Steve Carell and Melissa Leo. She directed her first short film, "Coward", which won several awards and screened at the 2015 Edinburgh Film Festival. Later that year, in September, Karen Gillan was cast as one of the main characters, Annie, in the movie "The Circle" alongside Emma Watson, Tom Hanks and John Boyega. The film is directed and written by James Ponsoldt and is based on the novel written by Dave Eggers.

Cauchy distribution

In mathematics, the Cauchy-Lorentz distribution (after Augustin-Louis Cauchy and Hendrik Lorentz) is a continuous probability distribution with two parameters: a location parameter and a scale parameter. As a probability distribution, it is usually called a "Cauchy distribution". Physicists know it as a "Lorentz distribution". 

When the location parameter is 0 and the scale parameter is 1, the probability density function of the Cauchy distribution reduces to formula_1. This is called the standard Cauchy distribution. 

The Cauchy distribution is used in spectroscopy to describe the spectral lines found there, and to describe resonance. It is also often used in statistics as the canonical example of a "pathological" distribution, since both its mean and its variance are undefined. The look of a Cauchy distribution is similar to that of a normal distribution, though with longer "tails". 

Due to this, estimating the mean value may not converge to any single value with more data (law of large numbers) unlike a normal distribution; due to a higher chance of getting extreme values (the tails of a frequency plot). 


Maze

A maze is a puzzle. It is made of a complex system of paths. Mazes can be on paper. They can also be big enough to walk through. Labyrinths, which are similar, have one winding path instead of many paths like a maze. Sometimes balls are placed in small mazes which have to be moved to the end through the maze. 

Emperor Norton

Joshua Abraham Norton, or Emperor Norton (1819? - 1880) was a man who declared himself Emperor of the United States and Protector of Mexico. He was born in London to John and Sarah Norton. but no one knows his actual birthday or what year he was born in. 
Before he became emperor he was a citizen of San Francisco. Norton spent a lot of his early life in South Africa. Before he was emperor he made a living by being a businessman. He lost a lot of money by trying to control the rice market in San Francisco by buying all the rice he could find. This did not work because ships came with more rice. 

Emperor Norton I died on January 8, 1880. The reason of his death is unknown. He collapsed on the corner of California and Grant on his way to a lecture. The next day, he had his funeral. During Emperor Norton’s funeral, a solar eclipse took place. The whole city came to his funeral, and all of them mourned. Emperor Norton is now buried at Woodlawn Cemetery. This is what his gravestone says:

<poem>
NORTON I
EMPEROR
OF THE UNITED STATES
AND
PROTECTOR OF MEXICO
JOSHUA A. NORTON
1816 - 1880
</poem>

Writer Mark Twain based the character of The King in The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn on Norton.

Gibbons v. Ogden

Gibbons v. Ogden was a United States Supreme Court case from 1824. Mostly because of a disagreement between who should be regulating the trading of goods and services between states. It gave the Congress the power to control interstate commerce.

Quaesitosaurus

Quaesitosaurus (meaning "abnormal or extraordinary lizard") was a huge, long-necked, whip-tailed, plant-eating dinosaur that was found in the Gobi Desert in Mongolia. "Quaesitosaurus" may have been about 75 feet (23 m) long. This sauropod dinosaur lived during the late Cretaceous Period, roughly 85-80 million years ago. "Quaesitosaurus" may be the same as "Nemegtosaurus". This environment was semi-arid during the Mesozoic Era.

Torvosaurus

Torvosaurus was a large carnivorous dinosaur, 
from the Upper Jurassic. It lived about 153 to 148 million years ago in what is now Colorado and Portugal.

"Torvosaurus", possibly the largest carnivore of its time, was a large, heavily-built, bipedal carnivore. It grew to 9 to 11 meters (30 to 36 ft) in length and an estimated weight of about 2 metric tons (2.2 tons). Its hands and arms were about average for its size. In proportion, "Allosaurus" had more powerful arms, and T. rex had tiny arms.

Studies suggest that the paleoenvironment of this part of the Morrison Formation had rivers flowing from the west into a basin with a giant, saline alkaline lake. There were extensive wetlands nearby. Fossils from the Dry Mesa Dinosaur Quarry of western Colorado show one of the most diverse Upper Jurassic vertebrate assemblages in the world. The Dry Mesa Quarry has produced the remains of the sauropods "Apatosaurus", "Diplodocus", "Barosaurus", "Supersaurus", "Dystylosaurus", "Camarasaurus", the iguanodontid "Camptosaurus", and the theropods "Allosaurus", "Ceratosaurus" and "Ornitholestes", as well as "Dryosaurus", and "Stegosaurus".

Life (British TV series)

Life is a 2009 British biology show made by the BBC with many episodes. The shows include the aspects of animals' environment, as well as some examples of how the environment shapes different animal species.

Each episode is divided into parts, examples of how different animal species must adapt to the environment.


Brassica oleracea

Brassica oleracea, or wild cabbage, is a species of "Brassica" native to coastal southern and western Europe.

Its tolerance of salt and lime, and its dislike of competition from other plants, restrict it to limestone sea cliffs, like the chalk cliffs on both sides of the English Channel. 

"B. oleracea" is believed to have been cultivated for several thousand years. It has been bred into a wide range of cultivars, including cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, and more. Some of which are hardly recognisable as being members of the same genus, let alone species.
The plant is used because of its large food reserves, which are stored over the winter in its leaves. It is rich in essential nutrients including vitamin C.

The cultivars of "B. oleracea" are grouped into seven major cultivar groups, of which the Acephala Group remains most like the natural wild cabbage in appearance: 

All are in the same species. However, artificial selection has brought about genetic differences between the groups.

In places such as the Channel Islands and Canary Islands where the frost is minimal, and plants can grow all year round, some cultivars can grow up to 3 meters tall. These "tree cabbages" yield fresh leaves throughout the year, and the plant is not destroyed as with a normal cabbage. Their woody stalks are sometimes dried and made into walking sticks.

Some (notably brussels sprouts and broccoli) contain high levels of sinigrin which may help prevent bowel cancer. 

PlayStation Portable system software

The PlayStation Portable has firmware that can get an update. When one updates the firmware, the battery must be charged to at least 3 bars (i.e. 60%), and the PSP should not be switched off. This may result in a brick and/or a constant startup BSOD or another screen "of death". As of January 15, 2015, the latest firmware is 6.61.

Sintering

Sintering is a way of making solids objects from powder.

During sintering powder is heated just before it would melt. In this way, powder particles bind to each other and form a solid object.

Covenant

A covenant is a formal agreement, a promise made between two people. It is often used as a religious promise. It can also be an item which is a symbol of keeping the promise. Some covenants include stone tablets, written documents, and other sacred items. In Judaism, the Ark of the Covenant was a wooden box which held the stone tablets with the Ten Commandments written on them. The Jewish people saw the box as a symbol of God being with them and leading them.


Least concern

Least concern is a term used by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) to talk about living things that are not endangered. They do not need to be worried about because there are many of them found at the time of classification.

Here is a list of mammals that are least concern. They include:


Here is a list of birds that are least concern. They include:




French Communist Party

The French Communist Party (, PCF) is a French far-left political party. Founded in 1920, it had a large influence in the XXth century, especially after the Second World War, and is still important in the French political life, though it declined over years.

The French Communist Party was founded in 1920 after the Tours Congress of the French Section of the Worker's International (SFIO, today the Socialist Party), as the French Section of the Communist international (SFIC), by members who wanted to join the Third International. It took in 1921 the name of "Communist Party".

In 1936, it was a part of the Popular Front and supported its social reforms, but refused to participate in the government.

During the Second World War, the PCF became a clandestine organisation and organised a massive armed resistance against the Nazi occupation. At the Liberation, the party was the most important in France and had several ministers in the Provisional Government. However, its support to independentist movement in French Indochina and to strikes isolated it from other parties.

From the 1930s to the 1980s, the French Communist Party's line is close to the Soviet Union's. The collapse of the USSR in 1991 also affects the PCF, whose electoral support decreases rapidly.

At the French 2007 legislative election, the PCF gained 4.29% of the votes, one of its worst results. However, the Communist party is still one of the most important party in some regions of France (Seine-Saint-Denis, Nord...), where it has been historically strong.

In 2009, the PCF created the "Left Front" () with the Left Party, and ran as a part of this alliance in the 2009 European Parliament election and the 2009 Regional election, with some success.



Marcus Aurelius

Marcus Aurelius Antoninus (26 April 121 – 17 March 180) was Roman Emperor from 161 to 180. He ruled with Lucius Verus as co-Emperor from 161 until Verus' death in 169.

He was the last of the Five Good Emperors, and is considered one of the most important Stoic philosophers.

Marcus Aurelius' work "Meditations", written in Greek while on campaign between 170 and 180, is still revered. It serves as an example of how Aurelius approached the Platonic ideal of a philosopher–king, and how he symbolized much of what was best about Roman civilization.

At the start of his reign, the Empire, under the joint rule of Marcus and Lucius Verus, defeated a revitalized Parthian Empire in a war from 161 to 166.

The unforeseen consequences for the Empire were great. The returning troops brought with them a plague (the so-called Antonine Plague), which may have been smallpox. It would eventually kill about 5 million people, and severely weaken the Empire.

Aurelius fought the German tribes during a long war from 166 to 180. The pressure from the Goths moving west pushed settled Germanic tribes into invading Roman client states in Gaul, and across the Danube.

The plague raging in the Empire limited Rome's ability to respond. The "Marcomanni" tribe entered Italy, which had not been invaded for nearly 200 years, and defeated the army of the Praetorian Prefect.

This disaster forced Marcus to collect forces from other frontiers, and move them against the "Marcomanni". The Roman army was commanded by Claudius Pompeianus, Marcus' son-in-law, with the future emperor Pertinax as one of his lieutenants. The invaders were thrown out of Italy, and Marcus began planning to cross the Danube into their territory.

Intense diplomatic activity followed, as the Romans tried to win over various barbarian tribes in preparation for a crossing of the Danube. A peace treaty was signed with some tribes, while others became Roman allies. In 172, Marcus defeated the "Marcommani", and in 173 their allies, the "Quadi", were defeated. It took until 174 for the "Quadi" to be subdued.

Marcus was now interrupted by a revolt in the East, led by the Roman general Avidius Cassius. He was suppressed by Marcus' army. Marcus then returned to Rome. A triumph was celebrated with his son Commodus.

In 177 the "Quadi" rebelled again, and the "Marcommani" joined them. Marcus arrived on the scene in August 178, and in due course the Romans won a decisive battle in what is now Slovakia. The Emperor Marcus died in 180, still fighting the German tribes.

Victories were achieved in the next couple of years, sufficient for Commodus to claim credit with a triumph. The battles had been fought by his generals.

The war had exposed the weakness of Rome's northern frontier. From then on, half the Roman legions (16 out of 33) would be stationed along the Danube and the Rhine. For the Germanic tribes, although for the moment checked, the Marcomannic wars were only the prelude. Later invasions in the 4th and 5th centuries would eventually end the Western Roman Empire.

Aurelius married his first cousin Faustina the Younger in 145. During their 30-year marriage Faustina bore 13 children. Only one son and four daughters outlived their father:

Michael Howard

Michael Howard (born Michael Hecht, 7 July 1941) is a British politician who was the Leader of the Conservative Party from November 2003 to December 2005. He was also a cabinet minister in both Margaret Thatcher's and John Major's governments. He was a Member of Parliament for the constituency of Folkestone and Hythe from 1983 to 2010. In 2010, he entered the House of Lords as Baron Howard of Lympne.

Michael Howard was born in Gorseinon, a town in Swansea, Wales. He is of Jewish descent. He studied Law at the University of Cambridge and became a Queen's Counsel in 1982. He then became a Member of Parliament at the 1983 General Election. His cabinet jobs included Secretary of State for Employment (1990-1992), Secretary of State for the Environment (1992-1993) and Home Secretary (1993-1997). When the Conservative Party lost the 1997 General Election, Michael Howard became a member of the shadow cabinets of William Hague and Iain Duncan Smith.

In 2003, the Leader of the Conservative Party Iain Duncan Smith was made to resign and Michael Howard was elected unopposed to become the Conservative Party leader. 'Unopposed' means that no-one other than Michael Howard was a candidate. Michael Howard was the Conservative candidate to become Prime Minister at the 2005 General Election. The Conservatives did not win the election, however they had 33 more seats in Parliament than they did before. Michael Howard resigned shortly after this and David Cameron replaced him as Conservative Party leader.

He was made a Companion of Honour in the 2011 Birthday Honours.

Skagit Valley

Skagit Valley is a valley in Washington in the United States. It contains the Skagit River. There was a plan to build nuclear power plants in Skagit Valley but the people didn't want them.

Tim Duncan

Timothy "Tim" Theodore Duncan (born April 25, 1976) is a former professional basketball player from the US Virgin Islands. He played the power forward and center for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA) his entire 19 year career.

Duncan was a swimmer when he was young. In 1989, Hurricane Hugo destroyed the pool he used to practice swimming, and his mother died a year later. Duncan gave up on swimming after this and began playing basketball.

Duncan played college basketball for four years at Wake Forest University. After college, the San Antonio Spurs chose him with the first pick in the 1997 NBA Draft. Duncan helped the Spurs win NBA championships in 1999, 2003, 2005, 2007, and 2014. He was named the Most Valuable Player (MVP) in the NBA in 2002 and 2003. Duncan was a 15 time All-Star and received the title of NBA All-Star Game co-MVP in 2000. He won his 5th and final title of NBA in 2014, when he was 38. He retired after finishing his 19th season.

Spawn (biology)

Spawn is the eggs of some aquatic animals. Laying those eggs is called spawning. Animals that live in water, such as fish and amphibians, reproduce by spawning. When the spawn hatches, the young fish are called fry and the young amphibians are called tadpoles.

Sawbridgeworth

Sawbridgeworth is a small town in England. It is in Hertfordshire. It is on a main road between Harlow and Bishop's Stortford.

List of North American dinosaurs

This is a list of dinosaurs whose remains have been recovered from North America. 

North America has a rich dinosaur fossil record with great diversity of dinosaurs. This may not mean the dinosaurs were more diverse or abundant; it may be because substantial resources have been devoted to the North American fossil record.

The Middle Jurassic is the only poorly represented time period in North America, although several Middle Jurassic localities are known from Mexico. Footprints, eggshells, teeth, and fragments of bone representing theropods, sauropods, and ornithopods have been found, but none of them are diagnostic to the genus level. 

The Upper Jurassic of North America, however, is the exact opposite of the Middle Jurassic. The Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation is found in several U.S. states, including Colorado, Utah, Wyoming, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Dakota, and Texas. It is notable as being the most fertile single source of dinosaur fossils in the world. 

During the Lower Cretaceous, new dinosaurs appeared. Sauropods were still present, but they were not as diverse as they were in the Jurassic. Theropods from the early Cretaceous of North America include dromaeosaurs such as "Deinonychus" and "Utahraptor", "Acrocanthosaurus", and "Microvenator". Sauropods included "Astrodon" and "Sauroposeidon". Ornithischians were more diverse than they were in the Jurassic Period. "Tenontosaurus", "Hypsilophodon", "Iguanodon", "Protohadros", and "Eolambia" are some of the ornithopods that lived then. Ankylosaurs replaced their stegosaur cousins in the Cretaceous. Ankylosaurs from the early Cretaceous of North America include "Sauropelta" and "Gastonia". Therizinosaurs such as "Falcarius," are also known from the early Cretaceous of North America.

Finally, in the long Upper Cretaceous, the greatest abundance and diversity of dinosaurs of all time lived in North America. During the early part of the Upper Cretaceous, the therizinosaur "Nothronychus" and the ceratopsian "Zuniceratops" lived. During the Campanian stage (83.672 mya), an enormous diversity of dinosaurs is known. Theropods included the tyrannosaurs "Albertosaurus", "Gorgosaurus", "Daspletosaurus", "Appalachiosaurus", and "Dryptosaurus", and the dromaeosaurids "Dromaeosaurus", "Saurornitholestes", "Atrociraptor", and "Bambiraptor". Ceratopsians, such as "Pachyrhinosaurus", "Styracosaurus", Centrosaurus, "Monoclonius", "Brachyceratops", "Pentaceratops", and "Leptoceratops" also existed. Among hadrosaurs, "Parasaurolophus", "Corythosaurus", "Lambeosaurus", "Saurolophus", and "Prosaurolophus" existed. 

During the latest Cretaceous, the Maastrichtian stage (7265.5 mya), the diversity of dinosaurs wasn't as great as the preceding Campanian stage. North American herbivorous dinosaurs then included the titanosaur sauropod "Alamosaurus", the ceratopsians "Triceratops" and "Torosaurus"(The latter possibly synonymous with the former), the pachycephalosaurs "Pachycephalosaurus" and "Stegoceras", the hadrosaurs "Edmontosaurus" and "Anatotitan". Predatory dinosaurs from this time period included "Tyrannosaurus" and the potentially dubious "Troodon".

This is a timeline of selected dinosaurs from the list above. Time is measured in Ma, megaannum, along the x-axis.

List of South American dinosaurs

This is a list of dinosaurs whose remains have been recovered from South America.


List of European dinosaurs

Dinosaurs evolved partway through the Triassic period of the Mesozoic era, around 230 Ma (million years ago). At that time, the earth had one supercontinental landmass, called Pangaea, of which Europe was a part. So it remained throughout the Triassic. By the start of the Jurassic period, some 30 million years later, the supercontinent began to split into Laurasia and Gondwana. The largest inlet from Panthalassa, the superocean that surrounded Pangaea, was called the Tethys Ocean, and as this inlet cut deeper into the supercontinent, much of Europe was flooded.

By the Cretaceous, from 145 to 65 million years ago, the continents were beginning to approach their present shapes, but not their present positions, and Europe remained tropical. At times, it was a chain of island-microcontinents including Baltica and Iberia.

Europe is relatively rich in fossils from the Jurassic-Cretaceous boundary, and much of what is known about European dinosaurs dates from this time. As the timeline below illustrates, there are substantial gaps in our knowledge from the rest of the Mesozoic. The absence of dinosaur genera from this time is because few fossils have been discovered, and almost certainly not because Europe contained few types of dinosaur—except, perhaps, immediately after the Triassic–Jurassic extinction event.

This is a timeline of selected dinosaurs from the list above. Time is measured in Ma, megaannum, along the x-axis.

List of Asian dinosaurs

This is a list of dinosaurs whose remains have been found in Asia, other than India. During the Mesozoic, India was not part of Asia. It was part of the supercontinent Gondwana, and then a separate island. More dinosaurs have been found in Asia than any other continent so far. 

This is a timeline of selected dinosaurs from the list above. Time is measured in Ma, megaannum, along the x-axis.

Abelisaurus

Abelisaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur. They lived in South America during the Upper Cretaceous period. There is one species in the genus "Abelisaurus comahuensis". 

"Abelisaurus" was the first abelisaurid that people found. The family, the Abelisauridae, is named after "Abelisaurus"'. "Abelisaurus" is the type genus. Despite this, scientists do not know much about how the dinosaur lived. 

The only fossils found so far are several skull bones. People found them in Argentina. Scientists put them back together in a lab to create a skull. The skull is similar to that of other members of its family. Like most abelisaurs, it is blunt and short in length, but tall from top to bottom. "Abelisaurus" probably ate large sauropod dinosaurs, such as "Amargasaurus". Scientists think "Abelisaurus" hunted in packs. It may also have hunted smaller plant-eating dinosaurs, such as the small ornithopod "Gasparinisaura".

Gargoyleosaurus

Gargoyleosaurus ("gargoyle lizard") was an armoured ankylosaur which walked on four legs and had a stiff tail. It had a series of spikes running along each side of its body. "Gargoyleosaurus" was about 10 feet (3 m) long and was roughly 3.3 feet (1 m) tall to the top of the shoulder it may have weighed about a ton. 

"Gargoyleosaurus" is found in the of the Morrison Formation (latest Upper Jurassic) in Wyoming. It lived about 155–144 million years ago.

This dinosaur had a long, narrow beak with teeth on both the upper and lower inner surface (most other ankylosaurs have teeth on only the lower beak). This plant-eater had protective body armour on the upper surface of its body and tail (hollow bony oval plates). 

John Boehner

John Andrew Boehner (pronounced /ˈbeɪnər/ BAY-nər; born November 17, 1949) is an American politician. Between 2011 and 2015, he was the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.

Boehner is a member of the Republican Party. He served in the Ohio State House from 1985 to 1990. In 1990, he became a Congressman (a member of the United States House of Representatives). Boehner resigned in early October 2015. He was succeeded as Speaker by Paul Ryan on October 29, 2015.

Boehner was born in Reading, Ohio and was one of twelve brothers and sisters. Boehner worked in his family's bar and briefly served in the United States Navy before graduating from Xavier University in 1977. Later, he was a small businessman.

He has been in politics since 1985. He represents the area north of Cincinnati, Ohio. Boehner served as chair of several important committees before becoming Minority Leader in 2006. While minority leader, Boehner was one of the main people who were critical of President Obama. When the Republicans took back the House of Representatives in the 2010 elections, Boehner became Speaker of the House.

In September 2015, Boehner said he would step down as Speaker and that his resignation would be in effect on October 30. His resignation became in effect on October 29 with Paul Ryan succeeding him.


Nanosaurus

Nanosaurus ("small or dwarf lizard") was an ornithopod dinosaur that measured about 4 ft (1.1 m) long, weighing about 50 pounds (22.5 kg). Nanosaurus had a horny beak and a small skull with self-sharpening cheek teeth. Nanosaurus may have had cheek pouches. 

This plant eater was bipedal (walked on two legs). It had thin legs and a stiffened tail that gave it speed and agility. It had five-fingered hands and four-toed feet, all clawed. It had large eyes and short arms. "Nanosaurus" resembled Hypsilophodon. Its fossils (two partial skeletons and teeth) were found in Colorado and Utah in rocks of the Late Jurassic age. 

Coelurus

Coelurus (meaning "hollow") is a poorly known genus. It was perhaps a bipedal theropod dinosaur 6 feet (1.8 m) long, weighing roughly 20 kg. Its femur (thigh bone) was 55 cm long. It was a carnivore that lived during the late Jurassic period, about 156 to 145 million years ago. Its bones were hollow and lightweight, so "Coelurus" was probably light and fast. Its fossils were found in Wyoming. "Coelurus" was named by paleontologist Othniel C. Marsh in 1879.

Commodus

Commodus (Lucius Aurelius Commodus Antoninus, 31 August 161 – 31 December 192) was Roman emperor from 177 to 192. He was co-emperor with his father Marcus Aurelius from 177 until his father's death in 180. From 180 to his death in 192, Commodus was the only emperor.

His accession as emperor was the first time a son had succeeded his father since Titus succeeded Vespasian in 79. Commodus was the first emperor "born to the purple", that is, born during his father's reign.

The reign of Marcus Aurelius had been marked by almost continuous warfare, even though he preferred books to war. That of Commodus was comparatively peaceful in the military sense but was marked by political strife, and the arbitrary and capricious behaviour of the emperor himself. In the view of Dio Cassius, a contemporary observer, his accession marked the descent "from a kingdom of gold to one of rust and iron". The historian Edward Gibbon took Commodus's reign as the beginning of the decline of the Roman Empire.
Despite his notoriety, Commodus's years in power are not well chronicled. 
Commodus remained with the Danube armies for only a short time before negotiating a peace treaty with the Danubian tribes. He then returned to Rome and celebrated a triumph for the conclusion of the wars on 22 October 180.

Unlike the preceding Emperors Trajan, Hadrian, Antoninus Pius and Marcus Aurelius, Commodus had little interest in the business of administration. He left the running of the state to a succession of favourites, beginning at this time with Saoterus, a freedman from Nicomedia who had become his chamberlain.

This state of affairs led to a series of conspiracies and attempted coups, which in turn eventually provoked Commodus to take charge of affairs, which he did in an increasingly dictatorial manner.

Nevertheless, though the senatorial order came to hate and fear him, the evidence suggests that he remained popular with the army and the common people for much of his reign. He made lavish shows of gifts (recorded on his coinage) and he staged and took part in spectacular gladiatorial combats.

One of the ways he paid for his mass entertainments was to tax the senatorial order, and on many inscriptions, the traditional order of the two nominal powers of the state, the Senate and People ("Senatus Populusque Romanus") is provocatively reversed ("Populus Senatusque...").

At the outset of his reign, Commodus, aged 19, inherited many of his father's senior advisers. He also had five surviving sisters, all of them with husbands who were potential rivals. Four of his sisters were considerably older than he; the eldest, Lucilla, held the rank of Augusta as the widow of her first husband, Lucius Verus.

The first crisis of the reign came in 182, when Lucilla engineered a conspiracy against her brother. Her motive is alleged to have been envy of the Empress Crispina. Her husband, Pompeianus, was not involved, but two men, alleged to have been her lovers, attempted to murder Commodus as he entered the theatre.

They bungled the job. They were seized by the emperor's bodyguard, and executed; Lucilla was exiled to Capri and later killed. Pompeianus retired from public life. One of the two Praetorian Prefects, Tarrutenius Paternus, had actually been involved in the conspiracy, but was not detected at this time. In the aftermath, he and his co-Prefect Sextus Tigidius Perennis organised the murder of Saoterus, the hated chamberlain.

Commodus took the loss of Saoterus badly, and Perennis now seized the chance to advance himself by implicating Paternus in a second conspiracy. Executions followed. Perennis took over the reins of government and Commodus found a new chamberlain and favourite in Cleander, a Phrygian freedman who had married one of the emperor's mistresses, Demostratia. Cleander was in fact the person who had murdered Saoterus.

After those attempts on his life, Commodus spent much of his time outside Rome, mostly on the family estates at Lanuvium. Though physically strong, he was mentally lazy, and his chief interest was in sport: taking part in horse racing, chariot racing, and combats with beasts and men, mostly in private but also on occasion in public.

In Britain in 184, the governor Ulpius Marcellus pushed the Roman frontier north to the Antonine Wall, but the soldiers revolted against his harsh discipline. Perennis had all the legionary legates in Britain dismissed.

On 15 October 184 at the Capitoline Games, a Cynic philosopher publicly denounced Perennis before Commodus, who was watching. He was immediately put to death. According to Dio Cassius, Perennis, though ruthless and ambitious, was not personally corrupt and generally administered the state well.

However, the following year, a detachment of soldiers from Britain (they had been drafted to Italy to suppress brigands) denounced Perennis to the emperor as plotting to make his own son emperor. They had been enabled to do so by Cleander, who was seeking to dispose of his rival. Commodus gave the soldiers permission to execute Perennis and his wife and sons. The fall of Perennis brought a new spate of executions. Ulpius Marcellus was replaced as governor of Britain by Pertinax; brought to Rome and tried for treason, Marcellus narrowly escaped death.

Cleander took power into his own hands and enriched himself by selling public offices: he sold and gave entry to the Senate, army commands, governorships, and even replacement consulships, to the highest bidder.

Unrest around the empire increased, with large numbers of army deserters causing trouble in Gaul and Germany. A revolt in Brittany was put down by two legions brought over from Britain. In 187, one of the leaders of the deserters, Maternus, came from Gaul intending to assassinate Commodus at the Festival of the Great Goddess in March, but he was betrayed and executed.

In the same year, Pertinax unmasked a conspiracy by two enemies of Cleander. As a result, Commodus appeared even more rarely in public, preferring to live on his estates. Early in 188, Cleander disposed of the current praetorian prefect, and himself took over supreme command of the Praetorians at the new rank of "a pugione" ("dagger-bearer") with two praetorian prefects subordinate to him. Now at the zenith of his power, Cleander continued to sell public offices as his private business. The climax came in the year 190, which had 25 suffect consuls—a record in the 1,000-year history of the Roman consulship—all appointed by Cleander (they included the future Emperor Septimius Severus).

In the spring of 190, Rome was afflicted by a food shortage, for which the official actually in charge of the grain supply managed to lay the blame on Cleander. At the end of June, a mob demonstrated against Cleander during a horse race in the Circus Maximus: he sent the praetorian guard to put down the disturbances, but Pertinax, who was now City Prefect of Rome, dispatched the "Vigiles Urbani" to oppose them.

Cleander fled to Commodus, who was at Laurentum in the house of the Quinctilii, for protection, but the mob followed him calling for his head. At the urging of his mistress Marcia, Commodus had Cleander beheaded and his son killed. Other victims at this time were the praetorian prefect Julius Julianus, Commodus's cousin Annia Fundania Faustina, and his brother-in-law Mamertinus. Papirius Dionysius was executed too.

Commodus continued to rule through a cabal, which now consisted of Marcia, his new chamberlain Eclectus, and the new praetorian prefect Quintus Aemilius Laetus, who about this time also had many Christians freed from working in the mines in Sardinia. Marcia is alleged to have been a Christian.

During 191, the city of Rome was extensively damaged by a fire that raged for several days, during which many public buildings including the Temple of Pax, the Temple of Vesta and parts of the imperial palace were destroyed.

Commodus presented himself as the fountainhead of the Empire and Roman life and religion. He also had the head of the Colossus of Nero adjacent to the Colosseum replaced with his own portrait, gave it a club and placed a bronze lion at its feet to make it look like Hercules, and added an inscription boasting of being "the only left-handed fighter to conquer twelve times one thousand men".

The emperor also had a passion for gladiatorial combat, which he took so far as to take to the arena himself, dressed as a gladiator. The Romans found Commodus' naked gladiatorial combats to be scandalous and disgraceful. It was rumoured that he was actually the son, not of Marcus, but of a gladiator whom his mother Faustina had taken as a lover at the coastal resort of Caieta. In the arena, Commodus always won since his opponents always submitted to the emperor. Thus, these public fights would not end in a death. Privately, it was his custom to slay his practice opponents. For each appearance in the arena, he charged the city of Rome a million sesterces, straining the Roman economy.

Military officials in Rome were enraged at his behaviour in the arena. Often, wounded soldiers and amputees would be placed in the arena for Commodus to slay with a sword. Citizens of Rome missing their feet through accident or illness were taken to the arena, where they were tethered together for Commodus to club to death while pretending they were giants. These acts may have contributed to his assassination.

Commodus was also known for fighting exotic animals in the arena, often to the horror of the Roman people. According to Gibbon, Commodus once killed 100 lions in a single day. Later, he decapitated a running ostrich with a specially designed dart. and afterwards carried the bleeding head of the dead bird and his sword over to the section where the Senators sat and gesticulated as though they were next. On another occasion, Commodus killed three elephants on the floor of the arena by himself. Finally, Commodus killed a giraffe which was considered to be a strange and helpless beast. "Commodus killed a camelopardalis or giraffe...the most useless of the quadrupeds."

In November 192, Commodus held Plebian Games in which he shot hundreds of animals with arrows and javelins every morning, and fought as a gladiator every afternoon, naturally winning all the bouts. In December he announced his intention to inaugurate the year 193 as both consul and gladiator on 1 January.

At this point, the prefect Laetus formed a conspiracy with Eclectus to supplant Commodus with Pertinax, taking Marcia into their confidence. On 31 December Marcia poisoned his food but he vomited up the poison; so the conspirators sent his wrestling partner, Narcissus, to strangle him in his bath. On his death, the Senate declared him a public enemy and restored the original names to the city of Rome and its institutions. Commodus' statues were thrown down.

Commodus was succeeded by Pertinax, whose reign was short lived, being the first to fall victim to the Year of the Five Emperors. Commodus's death marked the end of the Nervan-Antonian dynasty, and the beginning of the end for the Western Roman Empire.

There are a number of semi-fictional versions of his life. The most notable are the two films:


CB Breogán

Club Baloncesto Breogán is a galician basketball team. It was founded in 1966. The team currently plays in league ACB, but in the past the team participated in European competitions.


This is the 2010-11 Breogán's squad.



XPilot

XPilot is multiplayer 2D space action video game. It is an open source game, and its first version was released in 1991.

"XPilot" was created in 1991 by Bjørn Stabell and Ken Ronny Schouten, students in computer science at the Tromsø university (Norway), as a multiplayer game similar to "Thrust". They received a lot of patches and feedback when they released the first public version. The game has been improved a lot by players from all the world and has many contributors. Originally only available on UNIX, it was ported on the Mac OS and Microsoft Windows. It has been forked and new versions appeared: XPilot 5 and XPilot NG (Next Generation).

In 2009 a version was released for iPhone and iTouch. Several projects are currently in progress: a Java version of XPilot, an optimised version for the "Blood's Music" map and a project to improve the artificial intelligence.


Andrei Kolkoutine

Andrei Kolkoutine ( born in 1957 in Smolyaninovo, Primorsky Krai) is a Russian artist. In 1982 Kolkoutine graduated at the Repin Academy of Arts in Leningrad, named after Ilya Repin. Kolkoutine lives in southern Russia in the town of Nalchik. 
He belongs to the art group " FOSTER BROTHERS " together with two other artists - Andrey Efi and Eugeny Lindin.
The medium of his paintings is usually oil on canvas, but Kolkoutine also made a few sculptures and prints. Besides Russia, Kolkoutine has made exhibitions in Denmark, Germany, France and other European countries as well as the United States.

Kolkoutine settled into his current characteristic style by the end of the 1980s in which he mixes traditions from the Russian icons with other art styles: suprematism from Malevich, cubism and naïve art. Kolkoutine states that he sought the special tones of colours which are seen in the old Russian icons, and he developed a method for making these tones by pasting a layer of neutral grey paint on the canvas before painting the colours. Geometrical and abstract elements are combined with figurative elements. Buildings and playing cards may appear at the bottom of the paintings as well as Cyrillic letters. Frames in different colours surrounding the motifs are often oblique.

Often the motifs are either stylized biblical or simple working people from the Russian province; according to Kolkoutine the biblical characters are in principle the same kind as the provincial people (Bjørnager, 2006). The biblical motifs are also a reflection of his origin; they are distinctly orthodox. Jekatarina Seleznjova states that in her opinion the fundamental question asks in his paintings is ”Why are we here?” (Seleznjova, 2007), and thus despite the culturally characteristic motifs, Kolkoutine's paintings are supposed to touch something universally human. Kolkoutines paintings are both simple and complicated it is said.



Phyllis Schlafly

Phyllis Schlafly (August 15, 1924 in St. Louis, Missouri - September 5, 2016 in Ladue, Missouri) was an American conservative. She was a political activist, author, and constutional attorney. 

Her best-selling book, "A Choice, Not an Echo", was written in 1964. The book was about corruption in the Republican Party and how people with lot of money unfairly influenced elections. She was a big supporter of Barry Goldwater, who was the Republican Party's nominee for president in 1964. Goldwater had beaten Nelson Rockefeller, a more moderate candidate backed by big money. Although Goldwater would lose the 1964 election to Lyndon Johnson, the campaign helped start the modern conservative movement. Starting in 1967, she published her own newspaper, the "Phyllis Schlafly Report". When the Equal Rights Amendment was passed by congress, she organized a campaign against it. Schlafly argued that the amendment would not actually help women, often pointing out that it would force women to be drafted. After a long and controversial debate, the amendment was not added to the Constitution. Schlafly is usually considered the main force that stopped it. She is very critical of the feminist movement, saying that "it teaches women to be victims." She helped with Ronald Reagan's campaign for the presidency in 1980. Schlafly remained active in politics until her death. 

Schlafly died at the age of 92 in Ladue, Missouri of pancreatic cancer.

Cult of domesticity

The cult of domesticity, also known as the cult of true womanhood, is an ideology about the roles proper for white women in the 1800s. This way of thinking promoted the ideal that wealthy white women should stay at home and should not do any work outside of the home. This ideology promoted an ideal of separate spheres, in which women remained in the home and men led out in the world. Four ideals were held up for women to aspire to:


The idea of this domesticity was practiced in 1820. However, the ideology was not recognized and truly followed until the 1840s and 1850. Some think that this domesticity came to an end only when the Civil War had ended (in 1865) due to some changes in beliefs about women's roles.

This ideology strongly discouraged women from obtaining an education. This ideology was thought to elevate the moral status of women and benefit them in ways such as living lives of higher material comfort. It made the roles of wife and mother important in society.
2. https://study.com/academy/lesson/cult-of-domesticity-definition-significance.html

3. https://deepblue.lib.umich.edu/bitstream/handle/2027.42/117679/Bonventre.pdf?sequence=1&isAllowed=y

Roe v. Wade

Roe v. Wade was a 1973 landmark decision by the US Supreme Court that ruled that a state law that banned abortion was unconstitutional. The decision said that a woman's right to privacy extended to the fetus that she was carrying. The court viewed that during the first three months (trimester) an abortion was no more dangerous than carrying the fetus to full term. The 7-2 decision was supported by Chief Justice Warren E. Burger and six other Justices and was opposed by Justices William Rehnquist and Byron White. 

The decision divided the United States into pro-life and pro-choice camps and is still controversial. Pro-life supporters argue that the unborn baby has the same right to life as other people and that the government should intervene to protect it. Pro-choice supporters believe that the unborn baby is not the same as a person, that the woman has the right to choose what she wants to do with her body and that the government should not intervene.

"Roe v. Wade" was limited by a later decision, "Webster v. Reproductive Health Services" (1989), which allowed the regulation of abortion in some cases. Several states have considered laws banning abortions altogether.

In May 2022, a draft of the Supreme Court's decision to overrule "Roe v. Wade" was leaked to the media. On June 24, 2022, the Supreme Court overturned "Roe v. Wade".

The case began in 1970 in Texas as a challenge against a law banning any kind of abortion unless the mother's life was in danger. A pregnant Texas woman, Norma McCorvey (alias Jane Roe), brought a lawsuit against Henry Wade, Dallas County District Attorney, in a Texas federal court. 

Claiming to be a single woman and pregnant, McCorvey wanted to terminate her pregnancy. She could not get a legal abortion in Texas because her life was not in danger. She wanted it to be done safely by a doctor but said that she could not afford to travel outside Texas. Her lawsuit claimed that the Texas law violated her right to privacy, which was protected by the First, Fourth, Fifth, Ninth, and Fourteenth Amendments. Roe added that she sued "on behalf of herself and all other women" in the same situation.

The case slowly made its way to the US Supreme Court. Meanwhile, McCorvey had her baby and placed it for adoption.

In a 7-2 decision, the court held that a woman's right to an abortion was protected by her right to privacy under the Fourteenth Amendment. The decision allowed a woman to decide whether or not to have an abortion during the first trimester. That affected the laws of 46 states.

Justice Harry Blackmun wrote the majority opinion: "We... acknowledge our awareness of the sensitive and emotional nature of the abortion controversy, of the vigorous opposing views, even among physicians, and of the deep and seemingly absolute convictions that the subject inspires."

The dissenting opinion was written by Justice William Rehnquist, who disagreed with the majority decision for several reasons. 

The basis for the "right to privacy" is a judicial interpretation that can be traced from an earlier case "Griswold v. Connecticut" (1965). In that landmark case, the Supreme Court ruled that a Connecticut law against the use of contraceptives violated the right to privacy, as found in the Constitution. However, the right to privacy is not directly mentioned in the Constitution. The Supreme Court decided that the right to privacy is implied by several amendments. In 1923, the court interpreted the "liberty" guarantee in the Fourteenth Amendment as a broad right to privacy. Justice William O. Douglas stated the guarantees of the right to privacy had penumbras (implied rights) "formed by emanations (a flowing) from those guarantees that help give them life and substance."

In its decision, the court used the three-trimester framework of pregnancy. During the first trimester, an abortion was safer for the mother than childbirth. The reasoning was that the decision of whether to get an abortion at that stage should be left up to the mother to decide. Any law that interfered with abortions in the first trimester would be presumed to be unconstitutional. During the second trimester, laws could regulate abortion only to protect the health of the mother. During the third trimester, the unborn child was viable and so could live on its own, outside the mother's womb. Then, laws could restrict or prohibit abortions unless it was necessary to preserve the mother's health. That doctrine stood until 1992, when "Planned Parenthood v. Casey" had the court now base the legality of an abortion no longer on trimesters but on fetal viability.

The case, Docket Number 19-1392,Dobbs, "State Health Officer of the Mississippi Department of Health, et al. v. Jackson Women’s Health Organizatione et al." started being argued on December 1, 2021.
On May 2, 2022, "Politico" was given a leaked initial draft majority opinion written by Justice Samuel Alito suggesting that the Supreme Court is and will overturn "Roe" and "Casey" in a pending final decision on "Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization". The leak also renewed calls on the US Senate to pass legislation already passed by the House of Representatives to codify the rights created by "Roe" before the "Dobbs" decision is formally published.

On June 24, 2022, "Roe v. Wade" was formally struck down by the Supreme Court. The opinion officially released was almost identical to the leaked version on May 2, 2022. Because Chief Justice Roberts "concurring in judgment," the outcome has been put as 5-4 or 6-3 (technically, it is 6-3) and either way effectively overturned "Roe v. Wade". The following are the opinions:


Concurring with the opinion were 


Concurring in judgment (in agreement with the outcome of the situation but with different thoughts as to why from the majority).

Dissenting (not in agreement and voting against the majority)

This opinion has now given the power to the individual states on what laws they want on abortion.

Justice Alito wrote 

Justices Kagan, Sotomayor, and Breyer stated in their dissenting opinion
During a speech at the White House, given shortly after the opinion was released, US President Joe Biden stated in part:
US Vice President Kamala Harris stated in a pre-scheduled briefing about the future of women's maternity care had to reverse course and she stated in her briefing:

Moral Majority

The Moral Majority was a political organization in the United States. It was made by Jerry Falwell. It tried to get conservative Christian views into laws by lobbying. It was one of the major organizations of the religious right. It was started in 1979, in response to "Roe v. Wade" and other events known as the "culture wars". It broke up in the late 1980s. It had four branches:


It broke up during Ronald Reagan's presidency because people did not think that the matter was so urgent. Other Christians also opposed it, as well as many liberal people.

Jake Shields

Jake Shields (born January 9, 1979 in Mountain Ranch, California) is an American mixed martial artist that currently fights for the UFC in the welterweight division. Shields has also won many different titles including the Strikeforce Middleweight Championship, Shooto Middleweight Championship, Rumble on the Rock Welterweight Tournament Winner and the Elite XC Welterweight Championship.

Shields holds a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.


Spontaneous symmetry breaking

Spontaneous symmetry breaking is a way symmetry breaks in a physical system. The underlying laws do not change, but the system as a whole changes. Symmetry breaking in physics occurs when a system is crossing a critical point. Small fluctuations decide the system's fate, by determining which branch is taken.
There are several examples of spontaneous symmetry in nature.


Spontaneous symmetry breaking can create a particle called a Higgs boson. This is a particle which is the force transferring particle (boson) of the Higgs field. The Higgs field gives mass to fundamental particles such as electrons. Also, many scientists believe in the Higgs effect (which is very similar to spontaneous symmetry breaking) to answer questions that are not answered in the standard model of physics. The standard model predicts that certain types of quarks should have a mass of zero, while in reality they have a non-zero mass value. Some scientists believe that spontaneous symmetry breaking is the answer.

For spontaneous symmetry breaking to happen, you need an environment which is completely symmetrical, and has at least two outcomes that are equally likely. Spontaneous symmetry breaking starts with two particles that are completely equal; their spin is equal, too. Mathematically, spontaneous symmetry breaking can be extremely puzzling, since you start out with two identical things and end up with two non-identical things. However, in practice, it is not so puzzling. If you have two particles moving at each other with equal speed, it would seem impossible for either of them to do anything but be symmetrical. However, if each particle has an equal 50-50 chance to be spinning one way or another, it is possible–in theory and in practice–to have this symmetry broken. It begins with symmetry to start with because the particles have an equal and symmetrical 50-50 chance of spinning one way or another.

Roman villa

A Roman villa is a country house or mansion that was built and inhabited during the Roman Republic or the Roman Empire. In general the house has a courtyard, and all rooms are accessible from the courtyard. The entrance also leads into the courtyard. An example of such a villa, called "villa rustica" is shown in the picture. Villas were owned by rich people. Some of them even had mosaics, glass windows, central heating system (called hypocaust), and their own baths. The Roman villa was a precursor to the modern mansion. The Romans didn't wash their baths, so they were always dirty and sometimes people would urinate or shart in them.


The National Grange of the Order of Patrons of Husbandry

The National Grange of the Order of Patrons of Husbandry, also known as the Grange, is an organization for farmers. It is in the United States. It is made for them to more easily buy expensive things. It also tried to make laws that supported farmers. It was the most popular in the 1870's. The most people it ever had was one million. Today, it has 300,000 people. Its name comes from the French for "barn".

The Grange was fairly active in politics. In the 19th century, many members of the Grange were involved in the Greenback and Populist movements. The Grange endorsed politicians well into the 20th century. Often, the endorsement of the State Grange was an important endorsement .

Roger Maris

Roger Eugene Maris (September 10, 1934 – December 14, 1985) was a baseball player for the Cleveland Indians, Kansas City Athletics, New York Yankees, and the St. Louis Cardinals. He was named the Most Valuable Player in the American League in 1960 and 1961. Also in 1961, the Yankees won the World Series and Maris set a record by hitting 61 home runs that season. The Yankees won the World Series again in 1962. Sports writers called Maris and Mickey Mantle the M&M boys. After the 1966 season, the Yankees traded Maris to the Cardinals. In 1967, the Cardinals won the World Series. Maris retired after the 1968 season.

1949 World Series

The 1949 Major League Baseball World Series was between the New York Yankees and the then Brooklyn (now Los Angeles) Dodgers. The Yankees won the world series that year; they beat the Dodgers 4 games to 1. They won their 12th title.

1950 World Series

In the 1950 Major League Baseball World Series the New York Yankees won the world series again. They beat the Philadelphia Phillies 4-0. They won their 13th title

Archimedes' principle

Archimedes' principle is named after Archimedes of Syracuse, the first to discover this law. When he did, he ran naked out of his bathtub. Archimedes' principle relates buoyancy to displacement.

Archimedes' treatise, "On floating bodies", proposition five states: 

For more general objects, floating and sunken, and in gases as well as liquids (i.e. a fluid), Archimedes' principle may be stated thus in terms of forces:

For a sunken object, the volume of displaced fluid is the volume of the object, and for a floating object on a liquid, the weight of the displaced liquid is the weight of the object.

Briefly: Buoyancy = weight of displaced fluid.

To use the principle to tell the difference between gold and another substance, the concept of mass (in practice, weight) must be added.

Apply this formula to a suitably pure piece of gold:

That gives you the density of the gold sample. The only unknown is the "density of the (gold) object"; the density of water is 1.

Repeat for the experimental object (non-gold), when you get a different (and usually lesser) density.

Now you can tell what is gold and what is not, and collect your reward from the King of Syracuse. That is why Archimedes shouted ""Eureka!"" 

We do not actually know if Archimedes used exactly this method. An alternative is to use a scale. On one side put the object to be tested (e.g. the crown). On the other side put gold of "equal weight". Immerse the scales. The gold will go down, and the crown up (if it is not gold). That is because, being less dense than gold, it occupies a larger volume and receives more buoyancy.


Theoretical particle

Theoretical particles are particles that have been assumed or predicted to exist by scientists, but have not been proven in any experiment. Some, like the tachyon, probably don't exist, since they violate several laws of physics. However, many are still believed to exist. All supersymmetric particles (such as a sfermion) are theoretical. Supersymmetrical particles are often abbreviated with an "s" in front of the particle name, like a sfermion. Particles found in antimatter are not theoretical particles because they "have" been found in numerous experiments.


Supersymmetry

Supersymmetry is a scientific theory that says that when elementary particles (such as photons, electrons, and quarks) were formed at the beginning of the universe, matching kinds of theoretical "superparticles" were also created. If this theory is true, it would at least double the kinds of particles in the universe. If the universe has extra dimensions (M-Theory by Edward Witten predicts up to 11) then there would also be more ways to have symmetry and more kinds of superparticles.

Many scientists hope to prove supersymmetry because it fills many gaps in the Standard Model of physics (including dark matter) and would give support to the ideas of string theory. However, experiments in the Large Hadron Collider have not found evidence of supersymmetry so far.

Supersymmetry was the idea of Hironari Miyazawa (b. 1927).

Antihydrogen

Antihydrogen is an atom made of antimatter. Like normal matter, antihydrogen can bond and form molecules with other antimatter. (It would annihilate any normal matter that it touches). Antihydrogen has one positron–which is positively charged–orbiting an antiproton, which is negatively charged. This is opposite normal hydrogen, which has one negatively charged electron orbiting a positively charged proton.

"Antihydrogen" can also refer to the molecule called Antihydrogen, which is made of two bonded antiprotons.

Antiproton

Antiprotons are tiny particles of antimatter. They have a negative charge, and are the nucleus of an Antihydrogen atom. They are not theoretical, as they have been found in scientific studies. When they come in contact with regular protons, each are annihilated and a relatively massive amount of energy is generated.

Actually, antiproton is a subatomic particle of the same mass as a proton but having a negative electric charge and oppositely directed magnetic moment. It is the proton’s antiparticle. Antiprotons were first produced and identified in 1955 by Emilio Segrè, Owen Chamberlain (for which they received the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1959), and coworkers by bombarding a copper target with high-energy protons from the proton synchrotron at the University of California at Berkeley. Antiprotons were predicted in the early 1930s, but their discovery had to wait for the technology of high-energy particle accelerators to reach the 6 billion electron-volt range. A collision of an antiproton with a proton results in mutual annihilation, but a near miss may produce by charge exchange an antineutron–neutron pair.

Namco Museum Remix

Namco Museum Remix is a video game released for the Wii.

This game features 14 classic arcade games which are "Cutie Q", "Dig Dug", "Galaxian", "Gaplus", "Mappy", "Pac & Pal", "Pac-Mania", "Super Pac-Man", and "Xevious". There are a few remixed versions of games which are "Pac'N Roll", "Galaga", "Motos", "Rally X", and "Gator Panic".

Leptoceratops

Leptoceratops (meaning "slender horned face") was a stocky ceratopsian dinosaur that had a large skull are there was a horn on its beaked snout. It is known from five skulls and some skeletal material. "Leptoceratops" are during in the Upper Cretaceous, about 6865 million years ago. Fossils have been found in Alberta, Canada, and Wyoming, in North America.

Montanoceratops

Montanoceratops (meaning "Montana horned face") was a ceratopsian dinosaur, walked on four legs, had a large head, a bulky body, a parrot-like beak, a small nose horn, cheek teeth, and a small frill on its head. Males may have had larger frills than females, indicating that the frill may have been used in courtship and mating.

"Montanoceratops" was up to 6 feet long (1.8 m) and weighed about 900 pounds (400 kg). "Montanoceratops" lived in the late-Cretaceous period, about 72 to 65 million years ago, toward the end of the Mesozoic, the Age of Reptiles. Fossils have been found in Montana and Alberta, Canada.

Archelon

Archelon was a huge marine turtle (Testudines) that was the size of a car. It lived in North America 74 million years ago (from the Upper Cretaceous) in the epeiric inland sea called the Western Interior Seaway. Fossils have been found in the U.S. states of Kansas and South Dakota. 

This carnivore was up to long. It had a wide, flattened shell, paddle-like legs, a long, narrow head, weak jaws, and a short, pointed tail. Its only predators were probably the larger mosasaurs. From its beak, its own food was probably squid.

"Archelon", like other turtles, had a solidly-roofed skull with no opening (except for eyes, and nostrils). 

Atlantic sturgeon

The Atlantic sturgeon ("Acipenser oxyrinchus oxyrinchus") is a species of fish. It is a member of the Acipenseridae family. It is one of the oldest fish species in the world. It can be found from New Brunswick, Canada to the eastern coast of Florida. The numbers of Atlantic sturgeon have fallen because of overfishing and water pollution. It is considered threatened, endangered and even extinct in much of its original habitats. The fish live to 60 years of age, 15 feet in length and over 800 pounds in weight.

Quantum fluctuation

A quantum fluctuation is the temporary change in the amount of energy in a point in space, as explained in Werner Heisenberg's uncertainty principle. It applies only to quantum physics. 

Abhyudaya Apoorva - The theory of nothing

Critical error

A critical error is an error which the OS cannot reasonably ignore so as to respond again. In Windows, the critical error is often linked with a BSOD. These errors are known also as system failure. However, not all types of OS failure are critical errors. Freezing or deadlock are "NOT" usually considered critical. Critical errors can lead to error avalanches also.


Iván Castro

Captain Iván Castro (born 1967) is a U.S. Army officer who did not leave the Special Forces after becoming blind. He is one of three blind officers who currently serve in the U.S. Army and the only blind officer in the United States Army Special Forces. Castro believes in helping wounded fighters return to a normal life, and has talked to Congress about this. He takes part in marathons and other races.

Castro was born in Hoboken, New Jersey. His parents were from Puerto Rico. In 1979, when he was 12 years old, he moved to Puerto Rico with his mother. After finishing military training, Castro went to university in Puerto Rico. While he was a student he went to many sports running competitions. After four years of university, Castro joined the US Army. He later trained to become an officer. He was blinded during combat in Iraq; while serving in 2006.

Castro is still active as a sportsman even after recovering from debilitating injuries during his army service. He previously trained with Major Phil Young, who was his leader in the United States Army Special Forces. The audiences often encourage Castro for his determination. He now trains with Lieutenant Colonel Fred Dummar, who is his Battalion Commander. Together Castro and Dummar have completed several marathons.

Castro has earned many awards. Some of them are as follows:



Nigel Farage

Nigel Paul Farage (born 3 April 1964) is a British politician. He is the leader of Reform UK. In the past, he was a member of the European Parliament for the South East England region and he was one of the leaders of the Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy group in the European Parliament until Great Britain left the European Union in 2020. Since then, he has worked as a broadcaster. 

Farage is known for being the former leader of the UK Independence Party. Farage has been an important figure in the 2016 United Kingdom European Union membership referendum.

Nigel Farage left the Conservative Party in 1992 after the Maastricht Treaty was signed by John Major's Conservative government. He was first elected as a Member of the European Parliament in 1999 and was re-elected in 2004 and 2009. In September 2006, he was elected to become the UKIP leader and was party leader during the 2009 European Parliament election where UKIP received the second highest number of votes after the Conservative Party.

In November 2009, Farage resigned as UKIP leader because he wanted to concentrate on being elected to the House of Commons at the 2010 General Election. At the general election, Farage failed to be elected and became the UKIP leader again in November 2010.

Farage stood for election as an MP for South Thanet in 2015. He lost to Craig Mackinlay. He resigned as leader. Four days later, Farage became the leader of the party again.

Farage was instrumental in the Brexit campaign and was regarded by many as the main factor why the Leave campaign won and the UK voted to leave the European Union. On 25 August 2016, Farage was invited to a Donald Trump rally, in Jackson, Mississippi, to give him his support in the run-up to the US election in November 2016. During the rally, he said the famous quote "If I was an American citizen, I wouldn't vote for Hillary Clinton if you paid me. In fact, I wouldn't vote for Hillary Clinton if she paid me."

Farage is thought to be the first British politician to address a Republican presidential election rally. Speaking from the United States, Mr. Farage told The Daily Telegraph: “Brexit is just massive over here. I went to the [Republican party] convention in Cleveland and I just could not believe that ordinary people are talking to me about Brexit. They see it as a victory of ordinary people against big business, big banks, and big politics. “The Republican activists and managers here are keen to hear the Brexit story, hear how we managed to get 2.5 million people who don’t normally vote at all to go down to the polling station." Ever since the allegations about Russian interference in the US election, Farage has been viewed by the FBI as a "person of interest" in order to discover wherever he also interfered with the election, like the Russian government.

On Tuesday 4 December 2018, Nigel Farage left the UKIP Party as he believed it's new leader Gerard Batten was becoming too obsessed with Tommy Robinson and Islam.

In 2023, Nigel Farage appeared on the 23rd season of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here".

In his early twenties, Farage was diagnosed with testicular cancer. He made a full recovery.

Farage has been married twice. He married Gráinne Hayes in 1988. They had two children: Samuel (1989) and Thomas (1991). The marriage ended in divorce in 1997. In 1999 he married Kirsten Mehr, a German national. They have two children, Victoria (born 2000) and Isabelle (born 2005).


2009 European Parliament election in the United Kingdom

The 2009 European Parliament Election was held in all 27 countries that are part of the European Union on 4 June 2009. In the United Kingdom, 72 Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) were elected using proportional representation.

Notable results include the UK Independence Party coming second in a national election for the first time in its history and the far-right British National Party gained its first ever representation in an elected parliament.

Final results across England, Scotland and Wales are shown below:


In Northern Ireland, 3 MEPs were elected from Sinn Fein, the Democratic Unionist Party and the Ulster Unionist Party.

The next European Parliament Election will be held in 2014.

Danny Alexander

Sir Daniel Grian 'Danny' Alexander (born 15 May 1972) is a British politician who was the Chief Secretary to the Treasury in the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government from 2010 - 2015. He was the Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament for Inverness, Nairn, Badenoch and Strathspey but lost his seat in the 2015 general election.

Danny Alexander was born in Edinburgh and first became an MP at the 2005 general election. Between 2005 and 2010, Danny Alexander was the Liberal Democrats Shadow Secretary for Work and Pensions. When the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government was formed on 11 May 2010, Alexander was appointed as the Secretary of State for Scotland. He was made the Chief Secretary to the Treasury on 29 May 2010, due to the resignation of David Laws. He was knighted in the 2015 Dissolution Honours.


James and Oliver Phelps

James Andrew Eric "Jaime" Phelps and Oliver Martyn John Phelps (born 25 February 1986) are identical twin English actors, best known for playing Fred and George Weasley in the "Harry Potter" film series, which are based on the books.

James and Oliver have been a bit split up since Harry Potter ended, James working in a few more projects than Oliver, but both of them still working. James worked in “Ward 3,” “Danny and the Human Zoo,” “Patchwork,” and a TV series, “Silent Witness.” Oliver worked in “Ears,” and “Danny and the Human Zoo” along with James.

Both twins run a podcast and still talk about Harry Potter along side some other topics. 

Michael Moore (Scottish politician)

Michael Kevin Moore (born June 3, 1965) is a British politician who was the Secretary of State for Scotland in the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government. He was the Member of Parliament for Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk. He was a Liberal Democrat MP from 1997 to 2015.

He was born in Belfast but grew up in Scotland.

Year of the Five Emperors

The Year of the Five Emperors refers to the year 193 AD, in which there were five claimants for the title of Roman Emperor. The five were Pertinax, Didius Julianus, Pescennius Niger, Clodius Albinus and Severus.

The year 193 opened with the murder of Commodus on New Year's Eve, 31 December 192. The City Prefect Pertinax was proclaimed Emperor on New Year's Day, 1 January 193. 

Pertinax tried to restore discipline in the Praetorian Guard, and did not pay them what they had expected. He was assassinated by the Praetorian Guard on 28 March 193. They then auctioned off the post of Emperor.

Later that same day, Didius Julianus outmaneuvered Titus Flavius Sulpicianus (Pertinax's father-in-law and also the new City Prefect) for the title of Emperor. Flavius Sulpicianus offered to pay each soldier 20,000 sestertii to buy their loyalty (eight times their annual salary; also the same amount offered by Marcus Aurelius to secure their favours in 161). Didius Julianus however offered 25,000 to each soldier to win the auction and was proclaimed Emperor by the Roman Senate on 28 March.

However, three other prominent Romans challenged for the throne: Pescennius Niger in Syria, Clodius Albinus in Britain, and Severus in Pannonia. 

Severus marched on Rome to oust Didius Julianus and had him decapitated on 1 June 193, then dismissed the Praetorian Guard and executed the soldiers who had killed Pertinax. 

Consolidating his power, Severus battled Pescennius Niger at Cyzicus and Nicea in 193 and then defeated him at Issus in 194. 

Clodius Albinus initially supported Septimius Severus believing that he would succeed him. When he realised that Severus had other intentions, Albinus had himself declared Emperor in 195 but was defeated by Severus at the Battle of Lugdunum on 19 February 197.

Septimius Severus

Septimius Severus (Lucius Septimius Severus, 11 April 145 AD – 4 February 211) was Roman Emperor from 193 AD to 211. Severus was born in Leptis Magna in the province of Africa. Severus was an born an African, and some portraits show him as such. In 187 he married Julia Domna, from Syria.

As a young man, Severus advanced under the reigns of Marcus Aurelius and Commodus. Severus seized power after the death of Emperor Pertinax in 193 during the so-called Year of the Five Emperors. After deposing the incumbent emperor Didius Julianus in a bloodless coup, Severus fought his rival claimants, the generals Pescennius Niger and Clodius Albinus. Niger was defeated in 194 at the Battle of Issus, and Albinus three years later at the Battle of Lugdunum.

After solidifying his rule, Severus waged a brief war against the Parthian Empire, sacking their capital Ctesiphon in 197. In 202 he campaigned in Africa against the Garamantes, briefly taking their capital Garama and expanding the southern frontier of the empire radically.

Late in his reign he fought the Picts in Caledonia and strengthened Hadrian's Wall in Britain. Severus died in 211 at Eboracum, succeeded by his sons Caracalla and Geta. With the succession of his sons, Severus founded the Severan dynasty, the last dynasty of the empire before the Crisis of the Third Century.

By the close of his reign the Roman Empire reached an extent of over million square kilometres, which some scholars state expanded the empire to its greatest physical extent.

According to Gibbon, "his daring ambition was never diverted from its steady course by the allurements of pleasure, the apprehension of danger, or the feelings of humanity".

He secured Africa, the agricultural base of the Empire where he was born. His victory over the Parthian Empire was for a time decisive. His policy of an expanded and better-rewarded army was criticised by his contemporaries Cassius Dio and Herodianus. The large increase in military expenditure caused problems for all of his successors.

Hadrosaur

Hadrosaurs (meaning "bulky lizards") were the family of duck-billed herbivorous dinosaurs. They were the most common dinosaurs in the long Upper Cretaceous.

Hadrosaurs ranged in size from 10 to 65 ft (3 to 20 m) long. They had horny, toothless beaks and hundreds of cheek teeth in the sides of their jaws. The duck-billed dinosaurs had the most teeth; they had up to about 960 cheek teeth. Hadrosaurs lived during the later Cretaceous, and their fossils have been found in North America, Europe, and Asia.Riff the Hadrosaur on Barney and Friends

Hadrosaurs had a stiff tail that was probably used for balance. They had hoof-like nails on their feet, and bumpy skin. They ran on two legs, holding their tail and head in a horizontal position. They may have walked on all four legs while grazing. Hadrosaurs probably lived near bodies of water, migrating to high ground to lay eggs. It used to be thought that they had webbed hands, but this was an artifact of the fossilization process.

It is a very interesting thing that, as Bakker says, the duckbills were so common, yet they had no obvious defence against the large carnivores. Perhaps herd organisation and running speed were sufficient. Their eating apparatus must have been an advantage as compared to other herbivores.

One of the most complete hadrosaur specimens was found in 1999 in Hell Creek Formation of North Dakota and is known as "Dakota". This fossil is so well preserved that scientists have been able to calculate its muscle mass and learn that it was more muscular than previously thought, probably giving it the ability to outrun predators such as "Tyrannosaurus rex".

This mummified hadrosaur fossil comes complete with skin (not merely skin impressions), ligaments, tendons, and possibly some internal organs. It is being analyzed in the world's largest CT scanner, operated by the Boeing Co. The machine usually is used for detecting flaws in space shuttle engines and other large objects, but previously none so large as this. Researchers hope the technology will help them learn more about the fossilized insides of the creature.

They found a gap of about a centimeter between each vertebra, indicating that there may have been a disk or other material between them, allowing more flexibility and meaning the animal was actually longer than shown in a museum. Skin impressions have been found from the following hadrosaurs: "Edmontosaurus annectens", "Corythosaurus casuarius", "Brachylophosaurus canadensis", "Gryposaurus notabilis", "Parasaurolophus walkeri", "Lambeosaurus magnicristatus", "Lambeosaurus lambei", "Saurolophus osborni," and "Saurolophus angustirostris".

Two clearly different clades can be seen. One, the Hadrosaurines (sometimes called Paralophosurines), had solid crests or no crests, and were larger. The Lambeosaurines had hollow crests and were smaller.

Lambeosaurines had narrower beaks than hadrosaurines, which suggests that "Lambeosaurus" and its relatives could feed more selectively than their broad-beaked, crestless counterparts.


Sundre, Alberta

Sundre, in Alberta, is a rural town of about 2,000 in population. It is a half hour drive east of the Rocky Mountains. The mayor of Sundre is Annette Clews. Sundre is home to the Pro Rodeo. Sundre has one public Kindergarten to grade 8 school called River Valley School with Chinooks Edge School Division. And there is one public high school called Sundre High School. Sundre became a village in 1950 and a town in 1956.

A Journey

A Journey is a book written by former British Prime Minister Tony Blair. It is about Tony Blair's time as leader of the Labour Party (1994-2007) and Prime Minister (1997-2007).

The book was published on September 1, 2010. All money made by the book was donated to the Royal British Legion, which is a charity that financially and socially helps people who have served or are serving in the British Armed Forces. The book is 624 pages long and has received mixed reviews from critics.

Iain Gray

Iain Gray (born 7 June 1957) is a Scottish politician and leader of the Scottish Labour Party from 13 September 2008 to 17 December 2011. He was the Member of the Scottish Parliament for East Lothian from 2007 to 2021. Before going into politics he had been a maths and physics teacher in Edinburgh and Mozambique. He was first elected to the Scottish Parliament in 1999, but he lost to David McLetchie in 2003. He went back to Holyrood in 2007 as a member of the Scottish Parliament again. When Wendy Alexander quit her job as Leader of the Scottish Labour Party in 2008, Gray stood at the next leadership election and was elected with a 57.8% total vote.

At first, Gray had some good electoral victories for Scottish Labour, including declining the Scottish National Party trials at the Glenrothes in 2008, and also seeing the Scottish Labour keep their 41 seats in the House of Commons in the 2010 general election.

Mercedes-Benz E-Class

The E-CLASS is a car manufactured by German car manufacturer Mercedes-Benz.

Feira de Santana

Feira de Santana is a city in the state of Bahia, northeastern of Brazil. Between the Jacuípe and Pojuca Rivers, the city is a distribution center connecting the state capital, Salvador, with other cities and is a passage for the highway.


Pagani

Pagani Automobili S.p.A. is an Italian car manufacturer. It was founded in 1992 by Horacio Pagani. 1978

Horacio Pagani used to work with Lamborghini on cars like the Lamborghini Diablo. In the late 1980s, he started to design his own cars. In 1992, he started to work on a concept-car for his very own car.

In 1994, he made a deal with Mercedes-Benz. That gave him a V12 engine for his car. In 1999, he showed his first production car, the Zonda, at the Geneva Motor Show.

The Zonda was the first production car made by Pagani. It has a V12 engine by Mercedes-Benz. Mercedes-Benz produced in the very first version, called the Zonda C12, 290 kW.

After several new versions, the very last Zonda, the Zonda Revolución, was released in 2013. It is a very light version with a 597 kW V12 engine.

The Huayra is the second production model by Pagani. It also has a V12 engine by Mercedes-Benz. It also has a Turbocharger. The engine makes 539 kW. Its top speed is about 372 km/h (231 mph). The official debut of the Huayra was at the 2011 Geneva Motor Show. 

Vitória da Conquista

Vitória da Conquista is a city at the south-central of Bahia, state of Brazil northeast. The city is at 3.040 feet above sea level and is in the semi-arid region, with low rainfall and periodic droughts.

Baía de Todos os Santos

Baía de Todos os Santos ("All Saints's Bay") is a bay in the Brazilian state of Bahia. It is the biggest bay of Brazil. It is long and wide. The bay was first seen on November 1, 1501, by the expedition of Amerigo Vespucci. It received its name because November 1 is All Saints' Day. The bay is visited by tourists from all over the world.

Brad Keselowski

Bradley Aaron "Brad" Keselowski (born February 12, 1984) is an American racecar driver. He drives the No. 2 Ford Mustang for Team Penske in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series, and drives the No. 22 Mustang for Team Penske in the NASCAR Xfinity Series. He used to be a driver for JR Motorsports, a team owned by Dale Earnhardt, Jr. from 2007 to 2009 in the Nationwide series. He also used to drive for Phoenix Racing and Hendrick Motorsports in the Sprint Cup Series. Keselowski is the 2010 NASCAR Nationwide series champion, and the 2012 Sprint Cup series champion.

Keselowski started racing in NASCAR in 2004 in the Craftsman Truck Series. He drove a few races the #29 for K Automotive Racing team. His first race was at Martinsville Speedway. He started 26th and finished the race in 33rd. His best finish of his first year was at the Mansfield Motorsports Speedway where he finished 16th.

In 2005, Keselowski raced the full season in the Craftsman Truck Series. He finished the season 21st in points. Keselowski raced the first two races of the 2006 season, but his race team could not afford to keep racing.

In 2007, Keselowski started racing in the Busch series. After driving for a few teams, Dale Earnhardt, Jr. called Keselowski asking him to drive his #88 United States Navy Chevrolet for JR Motorsports for the rest of the year.

Keselowski raced with JR Motorsports in 2008, and got his first win came June 7, 2008 at Nashville Superspeedway. He finished the season third in the points. Keselowski made his first start in the Sprint Cup Series.He finished the race in the 19th position. He also raced the final race of the season at Homestead Miami Speedway, finishing 23rd.

Keselowski drove the #88 for JR Motorsports again in 2009. He also raced a few races in the Sprint Cup Series. Keselowki got his first Sprint Cup Series win driving the #09 for Phoenix Racing at Talledega Superspeedway.

Keselowski left JR Motorsports and Phoenix Racing after the 2009 season to drive the full season for the #12 Dodge in the Sprint Cup Series and the #29 Dodge in the Nationwide series for Penske Racing in 2010.

In 2011, Brad drove the #2 Miller Lite Dodge after teammate Kurt Busch and team owner Roger Penske agreed to move Busch to the number #22 car. Keselowski won three races in 2011, and finished the season 5th in points.

In 2012 Keselowski drove his Miller Lite Dodge to 5 wins, as well as racing in a short schedule in the Nationwide series. At the end of the year, Brad was able to beat Jimmie Johnson and Clint Bowyer to win his first Sprint Cup Championship. This championship was also the first Sprint Cup championship for the owner of Keselowski's car, Roger Penske.

Amphetamine

Amphetamine is a synthetic drug. The drug is a stimulant: it can help people keep the focus and stay awake. It also decreases appetite and fatigue. Chemically, it is similar to methamphetamine. These drugs increase the level of dopamine and norepinephrine in the brain, which can create euphoria. The class of drugs containing amphetamine includes prescription drugs commonly used to treat attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is also used to treat symptoms of traumatic brain injury (TBI) and the daytime drowsiness symptoms of narcolepsy, amongst others. Initially, amphetamine was more popularly used to reduce appetite and to control weight.

Sometimes, the drug is used for fun or to boost performance. Many different names are used for amphetamines. They include Benzedrine and speed. The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction reports the typical retail price of amphetamine in Europe varied between €3 and €15 ($4 to $21.55 USD) a gram in half of the reporting countries. The name "amphetamine" is derived from its chemical name: alpha-methylphenethylamine.


Computer freezing

Many modern computers have operating systems that permit several applications or programs to run at the same time. Each running program uses one or more so-called "processes", that's why this situation is generally known as multiprocessing. At times it can happen, that a process stops responding to user input; the user sees when the computer stops responding to inputs, or it becomes very slow. Different causes can cause this scenario: The most frequent are deadlock, race conditions or the system simply having too much to do. In many cases, the only solution is to terminate the processes, which cause so much load. Many GUI-based operating systems have programs that allow the user to tell the operating system to terminate a process. There may also be command-line programs that do this. When the operating system terminates a process, all unsaved data of the process will be lost.

In the case where the operating system detects such a situation, it may show a BSoD. 

8 track tape

The 8-track is a music format which first appeared in the 1960s. It is a tape format which was created so people could play music in their cars. Unlike cassettes, 8 tracks are a continuous loop of tape. They did not need to be turned over to keep playing. There were four programs of music on each tape with two tracks on each program to create stereo sound. When the track was over, a very thin piece of metal in the tape would be sensed. This would cause the part of the player that read the tape (the "head") to start reading the next track. 8 tracks became very popular in the early 1970s. They were used both in the home and car.

In the 1970s, the cassette tape was improved. It eventually had better quality than 8-tracks. By the late 1970s, cassettes became more popular than 8-tracks. In 1980, 8-tracks were rarely being made. They could still be bought through mail order record clubs until 1987. Today there are still a small number of people who collect 8 tracks. The last 8-tracks from a major label were released in 1988. Some unauthorized (bootleg) releases were made as late as 1995. Some independent labels still occasionally release 8-tracks as a novelty or collectible.

The 8-track had many problems. Unlike cassettes, the rubber roller was in the cartridge. It would often wear out, or chemically break down. This could cause a gooey substance in the tapes. This happened faster if the cartridge was left in a hot car. This also caused the tapes to wear out quickly. The spacing between the tracks were very narrow. Music from tracks other than the one being played could often be heard. The sensing foil in the tape would sometimes break off. This would stop the tape from changing tracks.

Le Plateau-Mont-Royal

Le Plateau-Mont-Royal is a neighborhood in Montreal. It is northeast of downtown. It was a middle class neighborhood where many Québécois, Portuguese, and Jewish people lived. In the 1980s, many artists moved into the neighborhood. They liked the low rent and the beautiful architecture. Today, Le Plateau is a very expensive area to live. There are many popular shops and restaurants.

Côte-des-Neiges

Côte-des-Neiges is a working class neighborhood in Montreal, Canada. It is north of downtown on the other side of Mount Royal. The west side of the neighborhood is very ethnic with many shops that cater to this population. Most of the people here live in apartment buildings built after 1945. The eastern part of Côte-des-Neiges is more Québécois and more of an upperclass neighborhood. North America's largest church, St. Joseph's oratory, is here, as well as the University of Montreal.

Head Rush (TV show)

Head Rush is a science show that shows many facts about science.



Sinornithosaurus

Sinornithosaurus (derived from Latin and Greek, meaning 'Chinese bird-lizard') was a feathered dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous, a dromaeosaur. It was found in the Yixian Formation in what is now China.

This new fossil supports the idea that these dinosaurs did not have scaly, reptile-like skin, but had a softer, downy coat. No fossil skin impressions of these dinosaurs had been found previously.

Sinosauropteryx

Sinosauropteryx
is a genus of non-avialan dinosaur ("not" a bird).

It is the first one found with the fossilized impressions of furry down or filamentous feathers. Overall, the filaments resemble the down-like feathers of some modern flightless birds.

"Sinosauropteryx" lived in China during the early Cretaceous period and was a close relative of "Compsognathus". It has been dated to 124.6–122 million years ago.

The fossils were from the famous Jehol biota of Sihetun, Liaoning Province, China, and represent an ancient lake bed.

Most paleontologists do not consider "Sinosauropteryx" to be a bird, because phylogenetically, it lies far from the "clade" Aves, usually defined as "Archaeopteryx" plus modern birds.

"Sinosauropteryx prima" is among the smallest known non-avian theropods, with the type specimen (a nearly mature individual) measuring only in length, including a very long tail.

Paleontologist Nick Longrich suggested that these specimens preserve remnants of the original colour pattern the animal would have had in life. He argued that the dark, banded stains on the tail were too evenly spaced to have been caused by random separation of the fossil slabs, and that they represent fossilized pigments present in the feathers.

The presence of dark feathers along only the top of the body may also reflect the colour pattern in life, indicating that "Sinosauropteryx prima" was countershaded with dark colour on its back and lighter colour on its underside, with bands or stripes on the tail for camouflage. The main colour turned out later to be ginger.

Unenlagia

Unenlagia was a theropod from the mid-Cretaceous, living about 90 million years ago. The first birds appeared 150 million years ago, evolving from dinosaurs long before "Unenlagia" lived. Therefore, it is not an ancestor of modern-day birds, but was an evolutionary dead-end. The most bird-like dinosaur ever discovered is the 90-million-year-old "Unenlagia comahuensis", a flightless, 4-foot tall, 7.5-foot-long carnivore.

Subversion

Subversion is a systematic attempt to overthrow or undermine a government or political system by people working from within. Subversion generally works against structures of power, authority, exploitation, servitude, and hierarchy. A subversive is something or someone that works against an organization or system.

Subversive activity is the lending of aid, comfort, and support to individuals, groups, or organizations that work for the "overthrow of a system". Actions against the best interests of the government, and which are not treason, sedition, sabotage, or espionage may be put in the category of subversive activity. 

There is no agreed definition of subversion. Charles Townshend described subversion as a term "so elastic as to be virtually devoid of meaning, and its use does little more than convey the enlarged sense of the vulnerability of modern systems to all kinds of covert assaults." 

Subversion is a crime in China. The government of the People's Republic of China prosecutes subversives under Articles 102 through 112 of the state criminal law. These laws describe behavior that can be a threat to national security. China has prosecuted many dissidents using these laws. Articles 105 and 111 are used the most often to silence political dissent. Article 105 makes it a crime to organize, make a secret plan, work against the national order, or tell rumors to make people fight the national order or overthrow the socialist system. Article 111 prohibits stealing, secretly collecting, purchasing, or illegally providing state secrets or intelligence to an organization, institution, or personnel outside the country.

There is no crime defined as "subversion" in British Constitutional law. There is a crime of treason. Legal experts have tried define subversion, but political and legal thinkers could not reach a general agreement.


Michio Kaku

Dr. Michio Kaku (Japanese: ミチオ カク, 加来 道雄) (born 24 January 1947) is a Japanese-American futurist, theoretical physicist and a performer on the Science Channel, particularly for Sci-Fi Science. He is known as a "sci-fi fan" on the SC.

Kaku was born on January 24, 1947 in San Jose, California to Japanese parents. As a child, he took judo lessons. When he grew older, he graduated from college with a summa cum laude degree.

Kaku is famous for his major field, theoretical physics. Sci-fi is another field Michio studied. Some episodes of Sci-Fi Science, for instance, ponder alien invasion of the planet, or a new solar system. The string theory is another topic that Kaku studied. 

He has also studied the future. Futurists like Kaku often use PPPW to evaluate the future. The "three Ps and one W" represent, to futurists, "plausible", "possible", and "preferable". The "W" stands for "wildcard"(random) events. 

A science populariser, or a populariser of science, is one who captures the scientific method and accuracy to preserve the language in the name of science. Michio Kaku wrote several books including Physics of the Impossible and Hyperspace, Beyond Einstein, and Parallel Worlds.


Severan dynasty

The Severan dynasty was a Berbers imperial dynasty, which ruled the Roman Empire between 193 and 235. The dynasty was founded by the Roman general Septimius Severus, who rose to power during the civil war of 193, known as the Year of the Five Emperors.

Although Septimius Severus successfully restored peace following the upheaval of the late 2nd century, the dynasty was disturbed by unstable family relationships, and constant political turmoil. It foreshadowed the coming Crisis of the Third Century. It was the last lineage of the Principate founded by Augustus.

Dates represent status of "Augustus".

The end of the Severids marked the start of the Crisis of the Third Century.

Crisis of the Third Century

The Crisis of the Third Century (235–284 AD) was a period in which the Roman Empire almost collapsed. There were invasions, civil war, plague, and the economy collapsed. The crisis is sometimes called the "Military Anarchy" or "Imperial Crisis". 

The crisis began with the assassination of Emperor Alexander Severus at the hands of his own troops in 235 AD. This started a fifty-year period in which 20–25 rivals struggled for the throne. Most were important Roman Army generals who took control over all or part of the Empire. 

By 258–260, the Empire had split into three competing states. There was the Gallic Empire, which included the Roman provinces of Gaul, Britannia and Hispania, and the Palmyrene Empire, with the eastern provinces of Syria Palaestina and Aegyptus. These became independent of the Italian Roman Empire proper, which stood between them. The crisis ended with the ascension of Diocletian in 284.

The crisis resulted in many changes to the Empire's institutions, society, economic life and, eventually, religion. It was a transition period between classical antiquity and late antiquity.

Sci-Fi Science: Physics of the Impossible

Sci-Fi Science: Physics of the Impossible is a science show hosted by Michio Kaku. As Kaku explains the principles of science, he suggests methods and shows various diagrams of the concept.

He starts by explaining a science topic, and shows diagrams to demonstrate the principles. He also interviews scientists who are studying that topic.

The Sci-Fi in the show are such things as alien invasion and another Earth.

Ecumenism

Ecumenism (or Oecumenism) is the idea that the different Christian denominations should work together more than they currently do. This idea is different from religious toleration. Over the years, Christianity has been split into many different movements. These separations are based on doctrine, on history, and what people do in everyday life. 

The term ecumenical comes from the Latin "oecumenicus", a phrase referring to "the whole world", meaning literally "inhabited" (lived in). In Christianity the qualification ecumenical is originally (and still) used in terms such as Ecumenical council and Ecumenical patriarch. The meaning pertains to the totality of the larger Church (such as the Catholic Church or the Orthodox Church). It is not restricted to one of its local churches or dioceses.

Douglas DC-8

The Douglas DC-8 is an aircraft with four engines. It was the first jet plane made by the Douglas Aircraft Company. It was made from 1958 to 1972. There were 556 DC-8 planes built. Major users were Air Transport International, Astar Air Cargo and Johnsons Air. It was launched later than the Boeing 707.

John Elliot (railway manager)

Sir John Elliot (6 May 1898 – 18 September 1988) was a British transport and railway manager. Born John Elliot Blumenfeld, he was the son of the "Daily Mail" news editor R. D. Blumenfeld (who later became managing editor of the "Daily Express".) He changed his name to John Elliot in March 1923.

Sayeeda Warsi, Baroness Warsi

Sayeeda Hussain Warsi, Baroness Warsi (surname pronounced "VAR-SEY"; born 28 March 1971 in Dewsbury, West Riding of Yorkshire, England) is a British politician and lawyer. She was born to Pakistani immigrants and is a member of the House of Lords. She has been the Chairman of the Conservative Party and Minister Without Portfolio in the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government. She was the first Muslim woman to be a member of the British cabinet. She lives in Wakefield, West Yorkshire.

In 1990 Warsi married her cousin Naeem in an arranged marriage. She and her first husband divorced in December 2007. On 20 August 2009, she married Iftikhar Azam.

Ulster Unionist Party

The Ulster Unionist Party or UUP for short is a centre-right political party in Northern Ireland. It wants Northern Ireland to stay in the United Kingdom and is also moderately against the European Union. It has 10 out of 90 seats in the Northern Ireland Assembly and 1 of 3 Northern Ireland seats in the European Parliament but has no seats in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. Its current leader is Robin Swann.

During the 2010 general election and the 2009 European Parliament Election, the party allied itself to the UK Conservative Party and called itself "Ulster Conservatives and Unionists - New Force".

New South Greenland

New South Greenland, which is also known as Morrell's Land, was an appearance of land recorded by the American captain Benjamin Morrell. Morrel reported the sighting on the schooner "Wasp" in , during a seal hunting and exploration voyage in the Weddell Sea area of Antarctica. He provided precise coordinates and a description of a coastline. Morrell claimed to have sailed along the coastline for more than . The Weddell Sea is in the Antarctic. Because of icebergs, it was difficult to navigate, and few people did. The sighting was never investigated properly, at the time. Expeditions to Antarctica in the early 20th century proved that there was no land at the positions recorded by Morrell.

At the time of Morrell's voyage the Weddell Sea had not been named and its geography and coastline was almost entirely unknown. This made the sighting plausible at the start. Morrell made obvious errors when he told about the new sighting. He also had the reputation of liking to invent new stories. These two aspects made many people sceptical. In the German explorer Wilhelm Filchner's ship "Deutschland" was blocked by ice in the Weddel Sea and drifted into the area, where Morrell had reported the new land. Filchcher searched for the land, but found no trace of it. A sounding of the sea bottom revealed more than of water, with no land nearby. Three years later, trapped in the same waters with his ship "Endurance", Ernest Shackleton was able by similar means to confirm the land's non-existence.

Different explanations for Morell's error have been suggested. One of them is that Morrell wanted to deceive. Morrell describes his sighting briefly, and seeks no personal credit or glory from the discovery. In his narrative, he gives all credit to his fellow sealing captain, Robert Johnson, for finding and naming the land two years earlier. Morrell may have been honestly mistaken, through miscalculation of his ship's position or by misremembering detail when writing the account after nine years. He may have made the common error of confusing distant icebergs with land, or been misled by the distorting effects of Antarctic mirage. In 1843 the distinguished British naval explorer James Clark Ross reported possible land in a position close to Morrell's; this land, too, was later proven not to exist.

In the early 19th century the geography of Antarctica was almost completely unknown, but occasional sightings of land had been recorded. Benjamin Morrell sailed to the South Sandwich Islands. Morrel was appointed commander of the schooner "Wasp" for a two-year voyage of sealing, trading and exploration in the Antarctic seas and the southern Pacific Ocean in 1822. In addition to his sealing duties Morrell had, as he put it, "discretionary powers to prosecute new discoveries." He proposed to use this discretion to investigate the Antarctic seas "and to ascertain the practicality ... of penetrating to the South Pole." This would be the first of four long voyages that would keep Morrell at sea for most of the following eight years, although he would not revisit the Antarctic after the initial voyage.

"Wasp" sailed south from New York on 1822. She reached the Falkland Islands late in October, after which Morrell spent 16 days in fruitless searches for the nonexistent Aurora Islands, before heading for South Georgia, where the ship anchored on . In his account Morrell wrongly records the position of this anchorage, placing it in open sea about south-west of the island's coastline. "Wasp" then headed eastwards to hunt for seals. According to Morrell, the ship reached the remote Bouvet Island on . He found this elusive island without apparent difficulty. Historian H.R. Mill notes that Morrell's description of the island's physical features fails to mention the island's most singular characteristic—it is covered by a permanent ice sheet. Morrell then attempted to take the ship southwards. He reached thick ice around 60°S and decided to turn northeast towards the Kerguelen Islands where he anchored on .

After several days of exploration and evidently profitable sealing, "Wasp" left the Kerguelens on 1823, sailing south and east to record her furthest eastern position at 64°52'S, 118°27'E on . From this point, according to his own account, Morrell decided to take advantage of strong easterly winds, and made a rapid passage westward back to the Greenwich meridian, 0°. His account is light on details, but indicates that a distance of more than was covered in 23 days. The credibility of this claim of such fast, direct travel in ice-infested waters has been widely disputed, particularly as Morrell quotes southerly latitudes during the voyage which later proved to be at least 100 miles inside the then undiscovered Antarctic continental mainland. On "Wasp" reached Candlemas Island in the South Sandwich Islands. After a few days spent in a search for fuel to feed the ship's stoves "Wasp" sailed southwards on , into the area later known as the Weddell Sea. Finding the sea remarkably free of ice, Morrell advanced to 70°14'S before turning north-westward on . This retreat, Morrell says, was due to the ship's lack of fuel; otherwise, he claims, in these open waters he could have taken the ship to 85°, or perhaps to the Pole itself. These words are very similar to those used by the British explorer James Weddell to describe his own experiences in the same area, a month earlier. This has led historians to believe that Morrel may have copied the section from Weddel's.

At 2 pm on 15 March, as "Wasp" cruised north-east in the sea that would later bear Weddell's name, Morrell records: "land was seen from the masthead, bearing west, distance 3 leagues" (about nine miles, 14 km). His account continues: "At half past we were close on with the body of land to which Captain Johnson had given the name of New South Greenland". Robert Johnson, a former captain of the "Wasp", had made an exploratory voyage along the western coast of the Antarctic peninsula in 1821. Johnson had called it "New South Greenland". Morrell casually referred to Johnston's description. This indicates that Morrell assumed that the land he was seeing was in fact the east coast of the peninsula. At the time he wrote this, his position was about 14 degrees east of that peninsula. The geographical features of the peninsula were not known at the time of Morrell's voyage. Morrell describes seal hunting activities continuing along this coast during the remainder of the day. On the following morning sealing resumed as the ship moved slowly southward, and continued until Morrell called a halt "because of shortage of water and season far advanced". Mountains of snow, he observed, could be seen about further south.

Morrell turned north from a position he calculated as 67°52'S, 48°11W. Three days later, on , the ship passed what he took to be the northern cape of the land, at 62°41'S, 47°21'W. "This land abounds with oceanic birds of every description", wrote Morrell. He also records seeing 3,000 sea elephants. At 10 o'clock "Wasp" "bade farewell to the cheerless shores of New South Greenland"; there is no further mention of it in the long voyage account. "Wasp" sailed for Tierra del Fuego, then through the Magellan Strait into the Pacific Ocean, reaching Valparaiso, Chile, on 1823.

From the first navigations of the Southern Ocean in the 16th century, lands which subsequently proved to be nonexistent had from time to time been reported in these waters. Polar historian Robert Headland of the Scott Polar Research Institute has suggested various reasons for these false sightings, ranging from "too much rum" to deliberate hoaxes designed to lure rival ships away from good sealing grounds. Some may have been of large ice masses that were carrying rocks and other glacial debris—dirty ice can appear similar to land. It is also possible that some of these lands existed, but later became submerged after volcanic eruptions. Other sightings may have been of actual land, wrongly located through observational errors due to chronometer failure, bad weather or simple incompetence.

Doubt was cast over the existence of New South Greenland when, in 1838, the French explorer Jules Dumont d'Urville sailed over the position of Morrell's "north cape", but saw no indication of land. This evidence, and the general nature of Morrell's account—its obvious errors, and his reputation as a braggart "as great ... as any hero of autobiographical romance" in the words of British geographer Hugh Robert Mill, led many geographers thereafter to ignore his claims. This scepticism remained even after Sir James Clark Ross reported an appearance of land in 1843, not far from Morrell's alleged observation: Ross's sighting was occasionally proffered as supportive of Morrell's claim. There was no further penetration of the Weddell Sea until 1903, when William Speirs Bruce took "Scotia" to 74°1'S, but in a sector of the sea which did not bring him close to Morrell's or Ross's sightings. Bruce was, however, generally well-disposed towards Morrell, writing that his claims should not be rejected until absolutely disproved.

The first determined search for New South Greenland came during the Second German Antarctic Expedition, 1911–13, under Wilhelm Filchner. The expedition's ship, "Deutschland", had become trapped in heavy sea ice while attempting to establish a shore base at Vahsel Bay. Her subsequent north-westerly drift had, by mid-, brought her to a position east of Morrell's recorded sighting. Filchner left the ship on and, with two companions and sufficient provisions for three weeks, sledged westward across the sea ice in search of Morrell's land. Daylight was limited to two or three hours a day, and temperatures fell to −31 °F (−35 °C), making travel difficult. In these conditions the group covered , taking frequent sightings. They found no signs of land; a lead weight dropped through the ice reached a depth of before the line snapped, a depth which confirmed there was no land in the vicinity. Filchner concluded that what Morrell had seen had been a mirage.

On 17 August 1915 Sir Ernest Shackleton's ship "Endurance", trapped in the ice like "Deutschland" three years earlier, drifted to a point 10 miles west of Morrell's charted position. Here, a depth sounding recorded 1,676 fathoms (10,060 feet, 3,065 m), leading Shackleton to write: "I decided that Morrell Land must be added to the long list of Antarctic islands and continental coasts that have resolved themselves into icebergs". On a further sounding of 1,900 fathoms (11,400 feet, 3,500 m) gave Shackleton additional evidence of the non-existence of New South Greenland.

Although Filchner's and Shackleton's investigations and observations were accepted as conclusive proof that New South Greenland was a myth, there remained the question of Sir James Ross's reported appearance of land in a position around 65°S, 47°W. Ross's reputation was sufficient for this possibility to be taken seriously, and for his alleged sighting to be recorded on maps and Admiralty charts. In 1922 Frank Wild, leading the Shackleton-Rowett Expedition aboard "Quest" after Shackleton's death early in the expedition, investigated the location of Ross's sighting. Nothing was seen; prevented by ice conditions from reaching the exact spot, Wild took a sounding at 64°11'S, 46°4'W, which revealed of water. This showed that no land was near.

According to W.J. Mills, Morrell had the reputation among his contemporaries as "the biggest liar in the Southern Ocean". Mills calls the westward journey from Morrell's claimed farthest east position "impossible ... unbelievably fast, quite apart from lying south of the coastline for much of the way". In search of an explanation Mills suggests that since Morrell's account was written nine years after the voyage he may not have had access to the ship's log, and hence may "have felt constrained to invent details that appeared plausible". This would explain the positional and date errors.

Hugh Robert Mill, writing in 1905 before the non-existence of New South Greenland had been proved conclusively, refers to the sheer absurdity of some of the incidents described in Morrell's account, and concludes that because of Morrell's blunders, and his habit of incorporating the experiences of others into his story, all his claims must be treated as not proven. Nevertheless he concedes that "a man may be ignorant, boastful and obscure, and yet have done a solid piece of work". Canadian geographer Paul Simpson-Housley had a more sympathetic approach. Although dubious about much of Morrell's account, Simpson-Housley suggests that the speeds claimed for the western journey, though fast, are not impossible. He believes that the claimed farthest south in the Weddell Sea, queried by Mill, is entirely plausible, given that James Weddell had sailed four degrees further south just a month earlier.

Another inclined to defend Morrell's integrity is the writer Rupert Gould, who had a lengthy essay on New South Greenland in his collection "Enigmas", published in 1929. The assumption that the New South Greenland sighting was simply invented by Morrell is dismissed, primarily on the grounds of the very little weight given to the discovery in Morrell's 500-page account. Gould writes: "If Morrell wished to gain an undeserved reputation as an Antarctic explorer, one would think he could have gone a better way about it than to bury his "pièces justificatives", after he had forged them, in an undistinguished corner of so bulky a book." In the relatively few pages devoted to the Antarctic, Morrell's account of his discovery is brief and entirely matter-of-fact, crediting it to Captain Johnson two years earlier rather than to himself. 

Gould discusses the possibility that what Morrell sighted was indeed the eastern coast of Graham Land, the so-called "Foyn Coast", despite its being 14° further west from position of the New South Greenland sighting. Gould says that the peninsula's eastern coast corresponds very closely with the stretch of coastline described by Morrell. This theory supposes that Morrell miscalculated the ship's position, perhaps because he lacked the chronometer necessary for proper navigational observation. Gould maintains that a "balance of evidence" shows that what Morrell saw was the Foyn coast.

Filchner's view that the supposed sighting of New South Greenland could be explained by a mirage is echoed by Simpson-Housley. He suggests that Morrell and his crew saw a superior mirage. One form of superior mirage, sometimes described as a Fata Morgana, distorts distant flat coastlines or ice edges both vertically and horizontally, so they can appear to have tall cliffs and other features such as high mountain peaks and valleys. In his expedition account "South", Shackleton gives a description of a Fata Morgana observed on 1915, coincidentally as his ship "Endurance" drifted close to the recorded position of New South Greenland: "The distant pack is thrown up into towering barrier-like cliffs, which are reflected in blue lakes and lanes of water at their base. Great white and golden cities of Oriental appearance at close intervals along these cliff-tops indicate distant bergs ... The lines rise and fall, tremble, dissipate, and reappear in an endless transformation scene".

Morrell's four voyages ended on 1831, with his return to New York. He then wrote his "Narrative of Four Voyages", which was published the following year. He attempted to resume his seafaring career, seeking employment with the London-based shipping firm of Enderby Brothers, but his reputation had preceded him and he was rejected. Charles Enderby stated publicly that "he had heard so much of him that he did not think fit to enter into any engagement with him." Morrell also sought to join Dumont D'Urville's expedition to the Weddell Sea in 1837, but his services were again declined. He reportedly died in 1839, and is commemorated by Morrell Island, 59°27'S, 27°19'W, an alternative name for Thule Island in the Southern Thule sub-group of the South Sandwich Islands. Robert Johnson, who coined the name New South Greenland, disappeared with his ship in 1826, while investigating the Antarctic waters in the vicinity of what would later be known as the Ross Sea.


London Underground 1972 Stock

The London Underground 1972 stock is a fleet of trains used on the London Underground. The 1972 Stock was ordered to make up the shortfall in trains on the Northern line's 1959 Tube Stock fleet. It is, however, currently used on the Bakerloo line.


Escalator

An escalator is a moving staircase – a conveyor transport device for carrying people between floors of a building. The device consists of a motor-driven chain of individual, linked steps that move up or down on tracks, allowing the step treads to remain horizontal.

Central London

Central London is the innermost part of London, England.

The inner London boroughs were defined by the London Government Act 1963, and the definition is used for purposes such as the local government finance system. They correspond to the former area of the County of London. These inner London boroughs are:

The City of London was not part of the County of London and is not a London Borough but can be included. North Woolwich is an anomaly as it was part of the County of London but was transferred to Newham, an outer London borough, in 1965.

2010 California Proposition 19

California's Proposition 19, (often shortened to "Prop 19"), also known as the "Regulate, Control & Tax Cannabis Act", was a ballot initiative on the November 2, 2010 California statewide ballot. The proposition would have decriminalized/legalized various marijuana-related activities, allow local governments to regulate these activities, collect marijuana-related fees and taxes, and authorized various criminal and civil penalties. It did not pass with 54% of California voters voting 'No', and 46% voting 'Yes'. 



Square foot

A square foot is a way to measure area. It is the area made by a square that has 1 foot sides. It is used mainly in the United States and partially in Bangladesh, Canada, Ghana, Hong Kong, India, Liberia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Singapore, and the United Kingdom.

Martin McGuinness

James Martin Pacelli McGuinness (23 May 1950 – 21 March 2017) was a Northern Irish politician who was the Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland until his resignation on 9 January 2017. He was born in Derry, Northern Ireland. He was a member of Sinn Fein, which is a political party that wants Northern Ireland to join with the Republic of Ireland and leave the United Kingdom. He was the Member of Parliament and Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for the constituency of Mid Ulster.

Martin McGuiness joined the Irish Republican Army (IRA) in 1970 and was put in prison for six months in 1973. He was elected the Member of Parliament for Mid-Ulster at the 1997 General Election but never took his seat in the House of Commons. This is because Sinn Fein members do not want to swear any oath to the Queen. 

McGuiness was one of Sinn Fein's top debaters at the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 and was elected as a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly in 1998 for the constituency of Mid Ulster. He was the Minister of Education in the Northern Ireland executive from 1999 to 2002. On 8 May 2007, following the St. Andrew's Agreement Martin McGuiness was made the Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland. Ian Paisley of the Democratic Unionist Party was the First Minister until June 5, 2008 when he was replaced by Peter Robinson.

In January 2017, it was revealed that McGuinness was suffering from amyloidosis, a rare genetic disease that affects the vital organs. He died in a hospital in Londonderry on 21 March 2017 from the disease, aged 66.

Peter Robinson

Peter David Robinson (born 29 December, 1948 in Belfast) is a politician of Northern Ireland, who was the First Minister of Northern Ireland and leader of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP). 

He was elected the Member of Parliament for the constituency of Belfast East during the 1979 General Election and was elected to the Northern Ireland assembly in 1998. He was the Minister for Regional Development from November 1999 to July 2000 and again from October 2001 to October 2002. Robinson was Minister of Finance and Personnel from May 2007 to June 2008. 

On 31 May 2008 the leader of the DUP Ian Paisley resigned and Peter Robinson was chose to replace him as First Minister and DUP leader. In January 2010, it was revealed that Peter Robinson's wife Iris Robinson, who was also an MP, had had an affair and attempted suicide in 2008 whilst she was a member of the British and Northern Irish parliaments. This scandal may have caused Peter Robinson to lose his Belfast East parliamentary seat at the 2010 General Election.

Jacob Riis

Jacob August Riis (; May 3, 1849 – May 26, 1914) was a Danish-American photographer and journalist. Riis came to the United States in 1861 and worked in various odd jobs before going into journalism. Riis is most known for his photographs and writings on slums in New York City. Riis is usually thought of as one of the Muckrakers, a group of people who wanted to improve conditions in cities.

Latin honours

Latin honours are Latin phrases that are used to show how advanced the level at which someone earned an academic degree. The common ranks are: "cum laude" (meaning "with honor"), "magna cum laude" ("with great honor"), or "summa cum laude" ("with highest honor"). This system is mostly used in Canada, the United States, and in many European countries. Some universities in other countries also use the English translation of these phrases rather than the Latin ones.

Another example is "egregia cum laude", which means "with outstanding honor" in English. The "egregia" rank was created to recognize students who earned the same grade point average as the "summa" honor, but who did so while in a more rigorous honors curriculum (used by the College of St. Benedict and St. John's University).


Bugzilla

Bugzilla is an internet software for recording bug reports. It is coded in CGI and is used by many programmers. It is free for everyone to use without having to pay any money.


How It's Made

How It's Made is a half-hour documentary-style science show. It shows 3-4 everyday items being made. It is shown on the Discovery Channel.


Mount Tongariro

Mount Tongariro is an active volcano in the centre of North Island in New Zealand. It has 12 volcanic cones on top of its mountain. It has erupted over 70 times in the last few years. Mount Tongariro is tall.

FreeRice

FreeRice is a non-profit organization that donates rice to the hungry people around the world. Players choose an answer from a multiple-choice question. As the player gets more right answers, they advance in level. The highest level depends on the subject.

In 2008, FreeRice became economically sufficient to donate 20 grains of rice per answer instead of 10. Unfortunately, the economic landslide of 2009 reduced the grains per answer back down to 10.


Bobby's World

Bobby's World is an American animated television series. It ran from 1990 to 1998 on FOX Kids. It was set in 1979 in California. It was about the life of Bobby Generic ( ) and his imagination on how he sees the world. The show was made by Canadian actor-comedian Howie Mandel. Mandel also provided the voice of both Bobby and his father Howard Generic, who looks like a cartoon version of Mandel. It was made by Film Roman for Alevy Productions and Fox Kids, and later NBC Universal. The theme song for "Bobby's World" was made by John Tesh and Michael Hanna.

The character of "Bobby" can be traced back to Mandel's stand-up comedy performances; Mandel would commonly have the same voice as Bobby, often talking with an unseen "parent".

The voices of Kelly Generic (Bobby's sister) and Martha Generic (Bobby's mom) are based on two characters Gail Matthius played when she was a member on "Saturday Night Live" in 1980. Martha is based on the character Roweena, a chain smoking hair stylist with a Upper Midwestern accent who gets into arguments with her best customer Nadine (Denny Dillon), while Kelly Generic is based on the character Vicky, a valley girl who annoys others with her shallow questions and rambling stories and often is seen with her friend Debbie (also Dillon).

In the US, during the show's final season on-air, the show was open-captioned; this was intended as an aid to help younger children learn to read.

In an April 2006 online interview, Mandel expressed his desire for a possible re-launch of the series. Episodes can be seen in syndication, or on some websites.

According to a video posted on YouTube.com, Mandel mentions that they are working on new episodes.

On February 12, 2007, the character Bobby made a surprise appearance on an episode of "Deal or No Deal".

Episodes often consist of a short live-action segment either before or after the main story (and sometimes both before and after). The segment would include Mandel describing some aspect of the story and often relating it back to his personal childhood.

Sometimes during these segments, the character of Bobby would appear in animated form and converse with Mandel. Other times, a live action child would appear and exchange words with Mandel. Endings of the show also featured Mandel breaking the proverbial "fourth wall" by talking to viewers about the preceding episode. In some part of the episode, Bobby will break the fourth wall by telling the audience his perspective on life.



The Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Sega Game Gear made a video game from "Bobby's World", which was built by RSP and published by Hi Tech Entertainment. In the game, Bobby's mother tells him to clean his room. As he is cleaning his room Bobby starts daydreaming about a toy. After you beat a level, Bobby has another daydream about another toy that he puts away. 


Caesalpinioideae

Caesalpinioideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Fabaceae. Members of this family usually have zygomorphic flowers.

Some classification systems, for example the Cronquist system, treat Fabaceae in a narrow sense, raising Mimosoideae to the rank of family as Caesalpiniaceae. The Angiosperm Phylogeny Group treats Fabaceae in the broad sense.

Haptic technology

Haptic technology or haptics is a tactile feedback technology. It makes vibrations and movements which can make people think that there is a real object when there is not. They are used to look into the sense of touch. Some video games use this to make it seem more real.

The word Haptic comes from the Greek Haphe, meaning "pertaining to the sense of touch", and comes from the Greek word haptesthai meaning "to contact” or “to touch”.

Existing computer technology to the human and computer information exchange has been used mainly audio-visual information. However, the user through the virtual reality want to be more specific and realistic information, and is designed to feel the passing touch and force haptic technology.

Haptis are divided into the 'force feedback' and 'tactile feedback'

'Force feedback' is the technology that user to feel the power and movements.
For example, the park that are dynamic in the movie in the film as a moving screen, move the chair forward speed and sense of the conflict that their audience will feel like scenes. This is an example haeptikseuui using force feedback.

'Tactile feedback' place in the field of medicine that is used a lot. On a computer screen and watch the virtual 3-dimensional anatomical structure of the patient directly to the affected part of the 3-D video in real-time sisulhal a notice on your computer screen. And the compressed air and electrical machinery, such as moving suyonggi using a small pin and, in fact, feels like touching the skin and is passed to implement the reality of the situation is almost similar to the environment.

In the future, the output of the computer device used to monitor, speakers, as well as standard haptic devices is expected to go. In addition, the leisure industry, with the 21st century haptic technology has many economical potential, haptic technology for the study will be very active.

John Bercow

John Simon Bercow (surname pronounce "BER-COE"; born 19 January 1963) is a British politician who was the Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 2009 through 2019. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Buckingham.

John Bercow was active in the Conservative Party from a young age and was a Conservative councillor, for Lambeth, from 1986 to 1990. He stood as a candidate to become an MP at the 1987 and 1992 General Elections but was not successful. At the 1997 General Election, Bercow was elected the Conservative MP for Buckingham. He served in the shadow cabinets of Iain Duncan Smith and Michael Howard. After the Speaker Michael Martin resigned on 22 June 2009, Bercow was elected as the Speaker.

Bercow is the first Jewish Speaker. He is the first Speaker not to wear traditional court robes while presiding over the House of Commons.
But, along with tradition, Bercow does now display his coat of arms at Speaker's House.

On 9 September 2019, Bercow told the House of Commons that he would stand down on 31 October, or at the next general election, whichever occurs first. He officially left the office on 4 November 2019.

In 2021, Bercow became a member of the Labour Party, saying that Boris Johnson's leadership was making his old party "reactionary, populist, nationalistic and sometimes even xenophobic".

Michael Portillo

Michael Denzil Xavier Portillo (born 26 May 1953) is a British television presenter and former Conservative Party politician. 

Michael Portillo was born in Bushey, Hertfordshire, to a Scottish mother and Spanish father.

Portillo first became a Member of Parliament (MP) in a by-election in 1984, representing the constituency of Enfield Southgate. He very much liked Margaret Thatchers policies and was quite Eurosceptic, meaning that he was against the European Union. He became a cabinet member in 1992, holding the following positions: Chief Secretary to the Treasury (April 1992 - July 1994), Secretary of State for Employment (July 1994 - July 1995) and Defence Secretary (July 1995 - May 1997). Many people thought he would try to become the leader of the Conservative Party in 1995 but he chose to stay loyal to John Major. At the 1997 General Election, Portillo lost his seat in the House of Commons to the Labour Party.

Portillo returned to the House of Commons after winning a by-election in 1999 for the constituency of Kensington and Chelsea. He then started to re-think many of his ideas and began to argue for a more socially liberal Conservative Party. He became the Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer in February 2000 but he did not have a good relationship with party leader William Hague. He was a candidate in the 2001 Conservative Party leadership contest; he lost to Iain Duncan Smith. Portillo left the House of Commons at the 2005 General Election and has since hosted several television and radio programmes.

Pontifex Maximus

The Pontifex Maximus was the high priest of the Roman Republic and Empire. The words meant 'greatest bridge-builder'. It was a religious post under the Roman Republic, and a mostly ceremonial post under the Roman Empire. The term was later used in the Roman Catholic Church for the Pope.

Carl-Henning Pedersen

Carl-Henning Pedersen (23 September 1913 – 20 February 2007) was a Danish painter and a key member of the COBRA movement which existed from 1948 to 1951. He was known as the "Scandinavian Chagall", and was one of the leading Danish artists of the second half of the 20th century.

Pedersen was born in Copenhagen and brought up in the poor area near Vigerslev Alle. He held radical political beliefs. He joined the International Folk High School in Elsinore in 1933, where he met self-taught painter Else Alfelt. They married in 1934, and their first daughter, Vibeke Alfelt, was born later that year. Else Alfelt encouraged Pedersen to paint, and he first exhibited at the Artists' Autumn Exhibition ("Kunstnernes Efterårsudstilling") in Copenhagen in 1936, where he showed four abstract works. His modernist style was at odds with the socialist realism preferred by his communist friends, who snubbed him: he argued with Bertolt Brecht about his art. His abstract works, with flat planes of colour, emulated the works of cubists and of Paul Klee.

Pedersen travelled on foot to Paris in 1939, where he saw works by Picasso and Matisse. He visited the exhibition of "degenerate art" ("entartete Kunst") in Frankfurt am Main on his way home, where he was inspired by the paintings on show, particularly the works of Chagall, which remained a strong influence on his art for the rest of his life. His second daughter, Kari-Nina, was born in 1940. He joined the Høst group during the Nazi occupation of Denmark, writing about medieval Danish murals for its journal, "Helhesten", and continued to produce controversial modern abstract works. 

Pedersen and Else Alfelt were founder members of the CoBrA movement in 1948 together with Asger Jorn, Karel Appel and others. The movement took its name from the European cities where its founders were based: Copenhagen, Brussels and Amsterdam. They remained with the group until it dissolved in 1951, producing free-form, spontaneous images in strong, fantastic colours. He won the Eckersberg Award in 1950 and the Guggenheim Award in 1958. A retrospective was put on at the Carnegie Institute in Pittsburgh in 1961, and he was Denmark's representative at the Venice Biennale in 1962. He won the Thorvaldsen Medal in 1963.

Pedersen moved into monumental art in the 1960s and 1970s, producing a large mosaic, "Cosmic Sea", for the H. C. Ørsted Institute at Copenhagen University, and a huge tiled wall decoration, "Fantasy Play Around the Wheel of Life", for the Angli courtyard in Herning.

Pedersen was known for resisting to sell his works. Instead, he donated thousands to the Carl-Henning Pedersen and Else Alfelt Museum, which opened in Herning in 1976. Further works were donated to the Danish National Gallery ("Statens Museum for Kunst") in early 2007.

Pedersen moved to Burgundy in the 1980s, but most of his work still came from Danish sources. He surprised many when he worked on the redecoration of the Gothic cathedral in Ribe, working on the murals, painted glass and mosaics to illustrate Bible stories from 1983 to 1987. He also produced bronze sculptures, and works in oils and watercolour.

He died in Copenhagen, after a long illness. He was survived by his second wife, Sidsel Ramson.




Roman Senate

The Roman Senate was the longest-lasting institution in Ancient Rome. It began in the first years of the city, which was supposedly founded in 753 BC. It survived the Roman Kingdom (753 BC–509 BC), the Roman Republic (509 BC–27 BC), the Roman Empire (27 BC–395 AD) and the fall of the Western Roman Empire (395–476 AD).

The Senate started as an advisory council of elders. The word "senate" came from 'senex' meaning "old man". The Senate reached its peak in the middle Republic, when it was the most powerful body in Rome. The Senate lost much of its power in the first period of the Empire, known as the "Principate".

After Diocletian, when the centre of government was moved out of Rome, the Senate became just a municipal body. The influence of the old idea lived on, and Constantine II set up a Senate in Constantinople.

The Senate passed decrees called "senatus consultum", which were advice from the Senate to a magistrate (senior official). They usually were obeyed in practice.

Through such advice, the Senate directed the magistrates, especially the Roman Consuls (the chief magistrates) in their handling of military conflicts.

The Senate also had power over the civil government in Rome. Only the Senate could authorize paying out public funds from the treasury. As the Roman Empire grew, the Senate also supervised the administration of the provinces, which were governed by former consuls and praetors. It decided which magistrate should govern which province.

The senators were patricians, and so members by birth, or men of lesser birth who had notable achievements. Under the early kings, the Senate numbered 100, but grew to 900, then Augustus reduced it to 600. Even so, only about 100 to 200 members were active at any given time. From time to time there were other sources of power in Rome, such as assemblies, magistrates, dictators and emperors, but the Senate always played a part.



Cabinet of the United Kingdom

In the government of the United Kingdom, the Cabinet is a group of Ministers led and chosen by the Prime Minister. 

They are the main decision-makers in the British government. People in the cabinet have to be members of either the House of Commons or the House of Lords. There are currently 22 Cabinet positions in the government of the United Kingdom. 

All of the current Cabinet members are also members of the governing Conservative Party.

As of 31 December 2023:

Zipper

"This article is about the fastening device called the" zip. "For information on the acronym ZIP, please see that article."

A zipper (zip fastener or zip in British English) is a device for temporarily joining two edges of fabric together. It is widely used in clothing and other textiles. 

The bulk of a zip consists of two strips of fabric tape, one permanently fixed to each of the two flaps to be joined, and each carrying tens or hundreds of specially shaped metal or plastic teeth. Another part, the slider, which is operated by hand, rides up and down the two sets of teeth. Inside the slider is a Y-shaped channel that pushes the opposing sets of teeth together or apart, depending on the slider's direction of travel. The zip is usually fitted vertically in clothing so that pushing the slider from top to bottom opens it, and pushing it from bottom to top closes it. If the slider got lose then the zipper becomes non-functinal and needs to fix it .The friction of the slider against the teeth causes a characteristic buzzing noise which is probably the origin of the name "zip".

An early device similar to the zip, 'an Automatic, Continuous Clothing Closure', was patented in the USA by Elias Howe in 1851, but did not reach the market. Whitcomb Judson patented a similar 'Clasp Locker', for fastening shoes, in 1891 or 1893, and marketed the invention through his 'Universal Fastener' company. These two designs used hooks and eyes. The design used today, based on interlocking teeth, was invented by an employee of Judson's, Swedish scientist Gideon Sundback, in 1913 as the 'Hookless Fastener' and patented in 1917 as the 'Separable Fastener'. The B. F. Goodrich Company coined the name 'Zipper' in 1923, and used the device on tobacco pouches and boots. The zip became popular for children's clothing and men's trousers in the 1920s and 1930s. At this stage, the zip was permanently joined at one end, so could not be used to fasten jackets.

Spiraeoideae

The Spiraeoideae is an old name for a subfamily of flowering plants in the family Rosaceae. Until 2007, the subfamily name was used for a group of plants that are mostly shrubs (but some are herbs) and have small dry fruit. In 2007, the subfamily was made much larger, to include plants that were previously placed in subfamilies Amygdaloideae and Maloideae. In 2012, it was decided at the International Botanical Congress that the correct name for that large subfamily must be Amygdaloideae. Subfamily Amygdaloideae now includes plants with fleshy fruit including apple and plum.

Analytical chemistry

Analytical chemistry is a branch of chemistry. It tries to analyze chemicals in things. A simple job would be to see how much zinc is in a piece of brass. There are several methods, like chromatography and mass spectrometry to do this. Flame tests can be used for a basic analysis.

More formally: it is the study of the chemical components of natural and artificial materials.

Qualitative analysis finds what chemical species are in the sample. Quantitative analysis finds out how much of a substance there are in a sample. Substances in a sample are often separated from each other using chromatography before the analysis. This is because a sample can contain many different substances.

Mussaurus

Mussaurus (meaning "mouse lizard") was an early, plant-eating prosauropod dinosaur from the Upper Triassic, about 215 million years ago. It was found in southern Argentina. It gets its name from the small size of the skeletons first discovered.
They were large-eyed hatchlings (babies), only 9-16 inches long (18-37 cm); these are the smallest dinosaur skeletons yet found.

However, "Mussaurus" is now known from adult specimens. the name is something of a misnomer; adults possibly reached 3 m (10 ft) in length, and weighed . "Mussaurus" possesses anatomical features suggesting a close, possibly transitional evolutionary relationship with true sauropods.

Afrovenator

Afrovenator was a theropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic of northern Africa. It was a bipedal meat-eating predator with long bladelike teeth. Fossils have been found in Abaka, Niger in the southern Sahara desert. A nearly complete "Afrovenator" was found in 1993. It is one of the most complete dinosaurs found in Africa so far. 

The rocks where it was found were redescribed as "mid-Jurassic" after the discovery had been announced.

It is in a group of theropods which are known as the Megalosaurs.

Superman (video game)

Superman (also incorrectly known as Superman 64) is a 1999 video game for the Nintendo 64, where the player controls Superman, a fictional superhero. Superman must save his friends from Lex Luthor, his archenemy. Most of the game is spent flying through rings. The game has received very negative reviews from critics and has been stated as "one of the worst games of all time" for "lame" weapons in the non-ring levels, overcomplicated controls, and bad graphics.

The player assumes the role of Superman who is challenged to complete many tasks and puzzles throughout the 14 levels in the game. Most of the levels in the game are restricted to two types of gameplay; in some levels, referred to as "Ride Levels" in the game's instruction manual, Superman is instructed to fly through a series of hoops by Lex Luthor; in between, he is also tasked to perform certain feats such as battling Luthor's minions, the Dark Shadows, and rescuing civilians from natural or artificial disasters, firstly stopping two cars from trapping civilians.

In other levels, referred to as "Maze Levels" in the game's instruction manual, Superman has found one of his friends from within one of Luthor's outposts, and must escape with them and defeat a boss. These levels are generally more rooted in action-adventure, and make great use of puzzle-solving. The game's "virtual Metropolis" in which these stages take place is filled with what the developers called "Kryptonite fog" in an apparent effort by Lex Luthor to diminish Superman's abilities (which is actually distance fog and is used as a technique to mask the game's poor draw distance).

The game also includes two multi-player modes (a racing mode and a battle mode) that can be played with up to four people. In the battle mode, players must defeat their opponents by throwing various weapons and items at them. In the racing mode, players control a spaceship and rings shoot from the backside of one opponent.

"Superman" was originally shown at the E3 in 1997. In interview before the game was released, Eric Caen, co-founder of Titus Software, stated they were attempting to create the first "super hero" based video game where players really behave as a super hero. After the N64 version's negative response, Titus decided to completely redesign "Superman" for the PlayStation. Unfortunately, Titus lost the rights from the Warner Bros. for the Superman License, resulting in its cancellation in 1999. Given an exclusive look at the game, playstationmuseum.com stated that they had expected the worst, but they were pleasantly surprised by the "high quality graphics and animation" and awarded the game a rating of 90%.

Superman has received very negative reviews from critics. On GameSpot, the game is rated a 1.3/10. On GameRankings Agreggation, it is "one of the worst games of all time" for "lame" weapons in the non-ring levels, overcomplicated controls, and bad graphics.

Æsir–Vanir War

In Norse mythology, the Æsir–Vanir War was a war that occurred between the Æsir and the Vanir, two groups of gods. The war ultimately resulted in the unification of the two tribes into a single tribe of gods. The war is an important event in Norse mythology. The two side eventually came to a truce by spitting into a bowl; the spit was mixed, and the god Kvasir was born. Kvasir was killed by dwarves for his blood.

Delisle scale

The Delisle scale is a scale to measure temperature. It was introduced by French astronomer Joseph-Nicolas Delisle in 1732. Delisle used a thermometer that worked with Mercury. The unit is abbreviated "De" or "D". 0°De is equal to the boiling point of water under normal pressure. Delisle then measured the volume change of the mercury. At the start, the Delisle scale had 2400 degrees. Josias Weitbrecht recalibrated the theromometer in 1738, so that the melting point of ice was taken into account. Ice melts at 150°De. 

The Deslile scale counts downwards, from the boiling point to the melting point. It was widely used in Russia in the 19th century.

Wandering albatross

The wandering albatross is a large seabird of the family Diomedeidae. It is also called the snowy albatross or white-winged albatross. It is the largest member of the genus "Diomedea" (the great albatrosses) and has the largest wingspan of any living bird. It can have a wing-span of up to 11.5 feet (3.50 m). The IUCN says it is a vulnerable species.

Wandering albatross live together when breeding, which they do once every two years. They are monogamous, and usually mate for life. They can live for over 50 years, and adult mortality is only 5 to 7% a year (this is very low for birds).

They make many kinds of noises, such as screams, whistles, grunts and bill clapping. When they are looking for a mate, they spread their wings, wave their heads and tap their bills together. They feed at night on cephalopods, small fish, and crustaceans


Roman Kingdom

The Roman Kingdom () was the monarchical government of the city of Rome and its territories. No written records from the time survive. The histories about it were written during the Roman Republic and the Roman Empire and are largely based on legend. Therefore, not much is certain about the history of the Roman Kingdom.

However, the history of the Roman Kingdom began with the founding of Rome, which is traditionally dated to 753 BC, and ended with the overthrow of the kings and the establishment of the Roman Republic in about 509 BC.

What eventually became the Roman Empire began as settlements around the Palatine Hill along the River Tiber in central Italy. The river was navigable up to that place. The site had a ford at which the Tiber could be crossed. The Palatine Hill and the hills surrounding it presented easily-defended positions in the wide fertile plain surrounding them. All of those features contributed to the success of the city.

The traditional account of Roman history is that in the first centuries, Rome was ruled by a succession of seven kings. That traditional chronology is discounted by modern scholarship. The Gauls destroyed all of Rome's historical records when they sacked the city after the Battle of the Allia in 390 BC or 387/6 and so no contemporary records of the kingdom exist. All of the accounts of the kings must be questioned.

After Romulus, who created the Senate, there were, according to legend, six more kings: Numa Pompilius, Tullo Ostilio, Anco Marzio, Tarquinius Priscus, Servius Tullius and Tarquinius Superbus. After Romulus died, the Roman Senate could elect a new king, and after much debate between Romans and Sabines, it agreed to allow the Curiate Assembly to vote for a new king of Rome. It chose Numa Pompilius, who unlike Romulus was against war and thought that the best course for Rome was peace. He is credited with bringing religion into the average Roman everyday life.

The power of the kings was almost absolute, but the Senate had some influence. One important difference from other kingdoms was that kingship was not hereditary.

Whenever a king died, Rome entered a period of "interregnum". The supreme power of the state would go to the Senate, which was responsible for finding a new king. The Senate would assemble and appoint one of its own members, the interrex, to serve for a period of five days with the sole purpose of nominating the next king of Rome.

After the five-day period, the interrex would appoint another senator with the Senate's consent for another five-day term. The process would continue until a new king was elected. When the interrex found a suitable nominee to be king, he would bring the nominee before the Senate, who would review him. If the Senate passed the nominee, the interrex would convene the Assembly and preside over it during the election of the king.

Once proposed to the Assembly, the people of Rome could either accept or reject him. If accepted, the king-elect did not immediately enter office. Two other acts still had to take place before he was invested with the full regal authority and power.

It was first necessary to obtain the divine will of the gods for his appointment by means of the auspices since the king would serve as high priest of Rome. The ceremony was performed by an augur, who conducted the king-elect to the citadel, where he was placed on a stone seat as the people waited below. If the king was found worthy of the kingship, the augur announced that the gods had given favourable tokens to confirm the king’s priestly character.

The second act that had to be performed was the conferral of the imperium upon the king. The Assembly’s previous vote determined only who was to be king, not whether he had the necessary power. Accordingly, the king himself proposed to the Assembly a law granting him imperium, and the Assembly granted it by voting for the law.

In theory, the people of Rome elected their leader, but the Senate had most of the control over the process.

Romulus was Rome's first king and the city's founder, and the two names are clearly linked. In 753 BC, Romulus began building the city upon the Palatine Hill. The story goes that after founding and naming Rome, he permitted men of all classes to come to Rome as citizens, including slaves and freemen without distinction. To provide his citizens with wives, Romulus invited the neighbouring tribes to a festival in Rome, where he abducted the young women from amongst them (known as the "Rape of the Sabine Women"). After the ensuing war with the Sabines, Romulus shared the kingship with Sabine King Titus Tatius.

Romulus selected 100 of the best men to form the Senate as an advisory council to the king. He called "them patres", and their descendants became the patricians. He also divided the general populace into thirty "curiae", named after thirty of the Sabine women who had intervened to end the war between Romulus and Tatius. The "curiae" formed the voting units in the Roman assemblies: "Comitia Curiata".
In addition to the war with the Sabines and other tribes after the Rape of the Sabine Women, Romulus waged war against the Fidenates and the Veientes. After his death at the age of 54, Romulus was deified as the war god Quirinus and served not only as one of the three major gods of Rome but also as the deified likeness of the city of Rome.

The seventh and final king of Rome was Lucius Tarquinius Superbus. He was of Etruscan birth, and during his reign, the Etruscans reached their apex of power. More than other kings before him, Tarquinius used violence, murder and terrorism to maintain control over Rome. He repealed many of the earlier constitutional reforms of his predecessors.

A sex scandal brought down the king. Allegedly, Tarquinius allowed his son, Sextus Tarquinius, to rape Lucretia, a patrician Roman. Sextus had threatened Lucretia that if she refused to have sex with him, he would kill a slave and her and have their bodies discovered together to create a gigantic scandal. Lucretia then told her relatives about the threat and then committed suicide to avoid any such scandal. Lucretia’s kinsman, Lucius Junius Brutus (an ancestor of Marcus Brutus), summoned the Senate and had Tarquinius and the monarchy expelled from Rome in 510 BC.

Etruscan rule in Rome thus came to a dramatic end in 510 BC, which also signalled the downfall of Etruscan power in Latium.

Lucius Junius Brutus and Lucius Tarquinius Collatinus, a member of the Tarquin family and Lucretia's widower, went on to become the first consuls of Rome's new government, the Roman Republic. The new government would lead the Romans to conquer most of the Mediterranean world. It would survive for the next 500 years until the rise of Julius Caesar and Octavian.

Many years later, during the Roman Republic, the strong Roman opposition to kings was used by the Senate to support the murder of the agrarian reformer Tiberius Gracchus.

Hypobromite

Hypobromite is an ion. Its chemical formula is BrO. It contains bromine in its +1 oxidation state. It is an oxidizing agent. It is similar to hypochlorite. Hypobromites are the salts of hypobromous acid. Hypobromite is a disinfectant. Some white blood cells oxidize bromide to hypobromite with peroxide and use the hypobromite to kill germs. Bromides can be added to pools along with chlorine to make hypobromite, which disinfects the pools.

Hypobromites are made by dissolving bromine in a basic solution. Hypobromite disproportionates to bromate and bromide when heated.


Hypobromous acid

Hypobromous acid is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HBrO. It contains hydrogen and hypobromite ions. It is a weak and unstable acid. It is similar to hypochlorous acid. It disproportionates into bromate and bromide when heated or left to dry. It is made when bromine is added to warm water. It can kill many bacteria and deodorize. It works very well when it is with hypochlorous acid. 


Bromous acid

Bromous acid is a chemical compound. It is an acid. Its chemical formula is HBrO. It contains hydrogen and bromite ions. It contains bromine in its +3 oxidation state.

It can be made by oxidizing hypobromous acid with hypochlorous acid. It can also be made by careful disproportionation of hypobromous acid. It can also be made by reacting hypobromous acid and bromic acid. They can be used to reduce permanganates to manganates. 


Perbromic acid

Perbromic acid is a chemical compound. It is an acid. Its chemical formula is HBrO. It contains hydrogen and perbromate ions.

Perbromic acid is a very unstable acid. It easily breaks down. It can be made by reacting perbromates with an acid. It releases oxygen and turns into bromic acid. It can also totally break down, releasing bromine gas.


Bromite

Bromite is an ion. Its chemical formula is BrO. It is made by reacting bromous acid with a base. They easily disproportionate to bromates and bromides. 


Perbromate

Perbromate is an ion. Its chemical formula is BrO. It contains bromine in its +7 oxidation state. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It is very unstable and turns into bromate and oxygen easily. It was first made by decay of a radioactive selenate. Later it was gotten by electrolysis of a bromate. It can also be made by oxidation of bromate with fluorine or xenon difluoride. 


Bromate

Bromate is an ion. Its chemical formula is BrO. It contains bromine in its +5 oxidation state. It is more common than hypobromites, perbromates, and bromites. Sodium bromate is an example. Bromates are strong oxidizing agents.

Bromates are made by reacting bromides with ozone. They can also be made by electrolysis of a hot bromide solution. Chlorine dioxide can react with bromide when in sunlight to make bromate. Bromates can be made by reacting potassium hydroxide with bromine. This makes bromide and bromate. Bromates can be made by reacting bromic acid with a base.

It might be a carcinogen. It is made when bromide is in water and reacted with ozone or chlorine. Sometimes water with too much bromate has to be gotten rid of.


Pablo Ruiz (singer)

Pablo Maximiliano Miguel Coronel Vidoz, also known as Pablito Ruiz and Pablo Ruiz, born on 4 May 1975 in Buenos Aires, Argentina, is an Argentine singer, actor and dancer. His musical career began at age 10.


Official Website

Constructivism

Constructivism was an artistic and architectural movement that originated in Russia from 1913 by Vladimir Tatlin onward which rejected the idea of "art for art's sake" in favour of art for social purposes. It heavily influenced graphic and industrial designers. 

Constructivism as an active force lasted until around 1934, having a great deal of effect on the art of the Weimar Republic and elsewhere, before being replaced by Socialist Realism. Its motifs have sporadically recurred in other art movements since.

Köhler's Medizinal-Pflanzen

Köhler's Medizinal-Pflanzen is the German title of “the medicinal plants of Kohler” - the atlas of medicinal plants with the illustrations and the brief explanations, one of the most known reference books on the medicinal plants of the end of the 19th Century.

Complete title of atlas in the German language - “Köhler's Medizinal-Pflanzen naturgetreuen Abbildungen mit kurz erläuterndem Texte. Atlas zur pharmacopoea germanica, austriaca, belgica, danica, helvetica, hungarica, rossica, suecica, Neerlandica, British pharmacopoeia, zum Codex medicamentarius, sowie zur Pharmacopoeia of the United States of America”.

The three-volume publication was published by the publishing house Franz Kohler (Ger. Franz Eugen Köhler) “Gera-Untermhaus” at Gero in 1887.

In three volumes of atlas containing a four hundred colored botanical illustrations of medicinal plants. Together with the images of plants, the atlas includes detailed botanical descriptions and information about the medical effectiveness of these plants (Herbalism). High-quality chromolithographies accurately transfer to the component of plants and reflect the characteristic features of the corresponding forms. It is considered that this book - better meets the botanical illustrations of medicinal plants.

The publisher of reference book Franz Koehler was not the author or the illustrator of this work. Artist- illustrators - Müeller C.F. Schmidt, lithograph - K. Gunther. The first two volumes of publication were prepared with the participation of German botanist Gustav Pabst.

The fourth volume, initially outlined for the release, never was published. Later in the USA was published the analogous book, they sometimes identify it with the fourth volume.


Suprematism

Suprematism is an abstract art movement started in Russia, 1915/1916. It focussed on basic geometric forms such as the square and circle. It is an example of geometric abstraction.

Suprematism was founded by Kazimir Malevich. In his book "The Non-Objective World", published abroad as a Bauhaus Book in 1927, Malevich described the inspiration which brought about the powerful image of the black square on a white ground:

He created a suprematist 'grammar' based on fundamental geometric forms; in particular, the square and the circle. In 1915, Malevich exhibited his early experiments in suprematist painting. The centerpiece of his show was the "Black Square", placed in what is called the "red/beautiful corner" in Russian Orthodox tradition, the place of the main icon in a house. "Black Square" was painted in 1915 and was a breakthrough in his career and in art in general. Malevich also painted "White on White" which marked a breakthrough from polychrome to monochrome suprematism.

Some of the titles to paintings in 1915 express the concept of a non-euclidean geometry which imagined forms in movement, or through time; titles such as: "Two dimensional painted masses in the state of movement."

The "Supremus" group met from 1915 onwards to discuss the philosophy of suprematism and its development into other areas of life. There was some crossover with constructivism, with suprematists such as Lyuba Popova and especially El Lissitzky working on propaganda and industrial design.

Lissitzky spread suprematist ideas abroad in the early 1920s.

Nikolai Suetin used suprematist motifs on works at the St. Petersburg Lomonosov Porcelain Factory where Malevich and Chashnik were also employed, and Malevich designed a suprematist teapot. The suprematists also made architectural models in the 1920s which offered a different conception of socialist buildings to those developed in constructivist architecture.

Malevich's architectural projects were known after 1922 "Arkhitektoniki". Designs emphasized the right angle, with similarities to De Stijl and Le Corbusier, and were justified with an ideological connection to communist governance and equality for all. Another part of the formalism was low regard for triangles which were dismissed as ancient, pagan, or Christian.

This development in artistic expression came about when Russia was in a revolutionary state, ideas were in ferment, and the old order was being swept away. As the new order became established, and Stalinism took hold from 1924 on, the state began limiting the freedom of artists. From the late 1920s the Russian avant-garde experienced direct and harsh criticism from the authorities and in 1934 the doctrine of socialist realism became official policy, and prohibited abstraction and different artistic expression.


Computer rage

Computer rage is a heightened physiological response with associated feelings of anger and frustration resulting from using a computer or other complex electronic device. 
It may result in the physical assault of the computer or similar item, possibly leading to the device incurring more damage than it had before.

Computer rage may manifest itself in verbal abuse and occasionally physical violence towards the object, in some cases violent actions towards the hardware itself, usually either thumping the keyboard, shaking the monitor or banging the mouse on the table/desk. In online interactions, enraged persons may flame and abuse other users, shouting at them through headsets, sending rude messages, or rage quit (exiting a game prematurely out of anger). 

Computer rage may be caused by distress due to a hardware or software problem which the enraged person is unable to correct. Persons may bang or kick the computer in an attempt to get it to function normally, though this action carries the distinct risk of destroying the computer's hard disk drive via a head crash. Another common occurrence of computer rage is whilst playing computer games, mainly first-person shooters and mmorpgs. Computer rage is normally induced when a gamer either fails an objective or is killed repeatedly.

Tech support personnel and systems administrators may be subjected to customer's anger at a malfunctioning system, commonly including the aforementioned verbal abuse.



Kazimir Malevich

Kazimir Malevich (Kyiv, 23 February 1879 – 15 May 1935) was a Ukrainian painter and art theoretician. He was born in Ukraine of ethnic Polish parents. who settled near Kyiv in Kyiv Governorate of the Russian Empire during the partitions of Poland. He was a pioneer of geometric abstract art and the originator of the avant-garde Suprematism movement.

In March 1913 a major exhibition of Aristarkh Lentulov's paintings opened in Moscow. The effect of this exhibition was comparable with that of Paul Cézanne in Paris in 1907, as all the main Russian avant-garde artists of the time (including Malevich) immediately absorbed the cubist principles and began using them in their works.

Already in the same year the Cubo-Futurist opera "Victory Over the Sun" with Malevich's stage-set became a great success. In 1914 Malevich exhibited his works in the "Salon des Independants" in Paris.

In 1915, Malevich laid down the foundations of Suprematism. He published his manifesto "From Cubism to Suprematism". In 1916–1917 he took part in exhibitions of the "Jack of Diamonds" group in Moscow. Famous examples of his Suprematist works were exhibited there, including "Black Square" (1915) and "White on White" (1918).

After the October Revolution, Malevich became a member of the Collegium on the Arts of "Narkompros", the commission for the protection of monuments and the museums commission (all from 1918 to 1919).

He taught at the Vitebsk Practical Art School in the USSR (now part of Belarus) (1919–1922), the Leningrad Academy of Arts (1922–1927), the Kiev State Art Institute (1927–1929), and the House of the Arts in Leningrad (1930). He wrote the book "The World as Non-Objectivity" (Munich 1926; English trans. 1959) which outlines his Suprematist theories.

In 1927 he traveled to Warsaw, and then to Berlin and Munich, for a retrospective exhibition. This finally brought him international recognition.

Malevich arranged to leave most of the paintings behind when he returned to the Soviet Union, because he could see what was going to happen.

Malevich thought a shift in attitude of the Soviet authorities towards the modernist art movement would take place after the death of Lenin. This proved correct. In a couple of years the Stalinist regime turned against forms of abstractism, considering them a type of 'bourgeois' art which could not express social reality. As a consequence, many of his works were confiscated and he was banned from creating and exhibiting similar art.

Critics derided Malevich for "negating everything good and pure: love of life and love of nature". Malevich responded that art can advance and develop for art's sake alone, regardless of its pleasure: art does not need us, and it never did.

Malevich's work only recently reappeared in art exhibitions in Russia after a long absence. Since then art followers have worked to reintroduce the artist to Russian lovers of painting. A book of his theoretical works with an anthology of reminiscences and writings has been published.

On 3 November 2008 a work by Malevich entitled "Suprematist Composition" from 1916 set the world record for any Russian work of art and any work sold at auction for that year. It sold at Sotheby’s in New York City for just over $60 million U.S. (far surpassing his previous record of $17 million set in 2000).


† Also known as "Red Square: Painterly Realism of a Peasant Woman in Two Dimensions".<br>
†† Also known as "Black Square and Red Square: Painterly Realism of a Boy with a Knapsack - Color Masses in the Fourth Dimension".


Interhalogen

An interhalogen is a chemical compound. It is made by two halogens reacting with each other. Normally interhalogens are quite toxic and reactive. An example would be chlorine trifluoride or bromine monochloride.


Chlorine trifluoride

Chlorine trifluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ClF. It contains chlorine and fluoride ions. The chlorine is in its +3 oxidation state.

Chlorine trifluoride is a colorless gas, but it can be compressed to a light yellow liquid. Chlorine trifluoride is normally sold compressed. It is an interhalogen, and is very reactive. It can burn plastics, sand, skin, hydrogen sulfide, metals, phosphorus, and sulfur. Since it is a much stronger oxidizing agent than oxygen, it can burn things that normally can't burn, like concrete or sand. It reacts with water very violently to make hydrofluoric acid and hydrochloric acid. It can ignite glass after being in it for a while.

Chlorine trifluoride is made by reacting chlorine with fluorine. This makes other chlorine fluorides which have to be taken out.

Chlorine trifluoride is used to make uranium hexafluoride by reacting it with uranium metal. It was looked at as a rocket propellant. It was also looked at as a poison gas. It is too difficult to make and store, though. Chlorine trifluoride can be used to clean areas where semiconductors are made.

Chlorine trifluoride is extremely toxic and dangerous. It is one of the most dangerous chemicals there is. It can catch many things on fire, including things that are usually non-flammable, such as asbestos, concrete, and glass. The fires are almost impossible to put out. It reacts with most things.


Nick Young

Nick Young (born June 1, 1985 in Los Angeles, California) is an American basketball player that currently plays for the Denver Nuggets of the NBA. He was selected by the Washington Wizards with the 16th pick in the 1st round of the 2007 NBA draft. Young played four seasons with the Wizards before being traded to the Los Angeles Clippers for a future second-round pick on March 15th, 2012. He went to University of Southern California for college and played basketball with the USC Trojans.


Evil empire

The "Evil Empire" is a term which was used by the US president Ronald Reagan (1911-2004). It is a synonym for the Soviet Empire, which consists of the "republics" of the Soviet Union and the "Council for Mutual Economic Assistance" (Comecon). Members of this "council" were satellite states, which where formally independent, but always controlled into the right direction by the Soviet Union with military, if they considered it as necessary.

The first known usage of the term "Evil Empire" was in one of Reagan's speeches at 1983. He proposes to continue the endless war between good and evil. This emphasizes that you need both sides to agree for an nuclear freeze. If only the US reduced their nuclear weapons, it "would be a very dangerous fraud, for that is merely the illusion of peace". In contrast to this illusion he stands for the reality. This means for him "peace through strength".


Containment

The policy of containment was a diplomatic strategy of the United States to prevent the spread of the communism during the Cold War. Economic support should bind countries to the United States. This was a counteraction against the new Soviet sphere of influence.

In March 1947 the US president Harry Truman (1884-1972) announced support for countries which were threatened by military force. This speech is called "Truman Doctrine" nowadays. In detail, he promised support for Greece and Turkey against the Soviet Union.

The most important part of the policy of containment was the "European Recovery Program" (1948), also known as "Marshall Plan", which should boost the European economy after the destruction in the Second World War using—most important—money, successful American economic models, and less European trade barriers.

Lower Austria

Lower Austria (German: "Niederösterreich", "Niedaestareich") is a state of Austria. It is in the northeast of the country. It is the biggest state by area, the second biggest by population, and also the historical core of Austria.

Nearly 1.7 million people are living in Lower Austria on an area of about 19,000 km².

Sankt Pölten has been the capital since 1986, before this was Vienna. Sankt Pölten is also the biggest city of the state, followed by Wiener Neustadt.

It borders to the following other states of Austria: in the west to Upper Austria, in the south to Styria, and in the southeast to Burgenland. The city/state of Vienna lies in the middle of Lower Austria.

It has also borders with other countries: in the north the Czech Republic and in the east Slovakia.

The Danube River flows through Lower Austria, dividing the state in a northern part (the regions of "Waldviertel" and "Weinviertel") and a southern part (the regions of "Mostviertel" and "Industrieviertel"). These regions are divided into 21 districts and contain 573 towns.

The northern part has many hills. Those in the Waldviertel belong to the ridge of Manhartsberg (part of the Bohemian Massif), and those in the Weinviertel are spurs of the Carpathian Mountains.
The southern part is more mountainous with spurs of the Alps, like the Styrian-Lower Austrian Limestone Alps and the Vienna Woods ("Wienerwald"). Highest summit is the Schneeberg at 2,076 m.

Lower Austria is very rural, 42% is agricultural and 40% is wooded. Winegrowing can especially be found in the areas/regions of Wachau, Weinviertel and Thermenregion.

About 80% of the population is Roman Catholic.

Seats taken in the Lower Austrian Parliament (56) since the elections of 2013:

Lower Austria is governed by a coalition of ÖVP and SPÖ. Governor has been Johanna Mikl-Leitner (ÖVP) since April 2017.

Tsonga language

Tsonga is a language of Bantu origin spoken primarily in South Africa and Mozambique. It is also known as Changana or Xangana.

The Lord's Prayer written in Tsonga:

Werner Faymann

Werner Faymann (born 4 May 1960 in Vienna) is an Austrian politician. He belongs to the Social Democratic Party of Austria.

He was transport, innovation and technology minister from 2007 to 2008.

His party won the elections of the National Assembly in 2008. As a result he was the Federal Chancellor of Austria from 2008 to 2016. He was succeeded by Christian Kern.


Nicola Sturgeon

Nicola Ferguson Sturgeon (born 19 July 1970 in Irvine, Scotland) is a Scottish politician. On 20 November 2014, she became the 5th First Minister of Scotland. She became the leader of the Scottish National Party on 14 November 2014. She was previously the Deputy First Minister of Scotland, Cabinet Secretary for Health and Wellbeing, and Deputy Leader of the Scottish National Party (SNP). She is a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for Glasgow Govan.

Nicola Sturgeon studied at the University of Glasgow and attempted to become a Member of Parliament at the 1992 and 1997 General Elections. In 1999, she became an MSP representing the Glasgow region. She became the Deputy Leader of the Scottish National Party in 2004 and because Alex Salmond was still an MP, she was the SNP's leader in the Scottish Parliament until the 2007 Scottish Parliament election. At the 2007 election, Nicola Sturgeon became the MSP for Glasgow Govan and her party formed a minority government with Alex Salmond as First Minister.

On 20 November 2014, Nicola Sturgeon became First Minister of Scotland, succeeding Alex Salmond, who had resigned after defeat in the Scottish independence referendum. She is the first woman to hold this position.

Sturgeon lives in Glasgow, with her husband Peter Murrell.

In March 2023, Sturgeon resigned as First Minister and was succeeded by Humza Yousaf. She said that her resignation was because of the emotional toll the role took on her and for the false internet rumours about her sexuality and personal life.


Social Democratic and Labour Party

The Social Democratic and Labour Party or SDLP is a centre-left political party in Northern Ireland. Its policies promote social democracy and the idea that Northern Ireland should leave the United Kingdom and join with the Republic of Ireland. Its leader is Colum Eastwood and currently it has none of the Northern Ireland seats in the UK parliament, however it has 8 out of 90 seats in the Northern Ireland Assembly making it the 5th largest party in the assembly .

The party rejected violence during the Troubles and was the most successful nationalist party during the 1980s and 1990s.

The Final Frontier

The Final Frontier is an album by Iron Maiden. It was announced on 4 March 2010, along a concert tour.

It was recorded in The Bahamas and produced by Kevin Shirley. The album began being sold on 17 August 2010.

It sold very well, being the most popular album in 21 countries when it went on sale, as well as being one of the top five most popular albums in eight other countries.


Windows Narrator

Windows Narrator is a tool for the visually impaired. The user has four options to customize their experience.

The tool reads text, message boxes, and mimics user typing. The voice, pitch, and speed can all be tailored to the user's preferences.



Sunny (Korean singer)

Sunny (born Susan Soonkyu Lee on May 15, 1989) is an American singer based in South Korea. She is also a radio DJ, music show host, and member of the Korean girl group Girls' Generation and of its sub-unit Girls' Generation-Oh!GG under the label SM Entertainment.

Tiffany Young

Stephanie Young Hwang (Korean name: Hwang Mi-young; Hangul: 황미영; Hanja: 黃美英; born August 1, 1989) is an American singer and dancer. She is known by her stage name Tiffany or Tiffany Young. She was born in California, but moved to South Korea at the age of fifteen to start a music career. She is a member of the girl group Girls' Generation and of its sub-unit Girls' Generation-TTS.

On August 15th, 2016, she was heavily criticized by Korean social media because she posted a Confederate Japanese flag on the Korean Liberation Day.


Kim Hyo-yeon

Kim Hyo-yeon (born September 22, 1989), better known by her stage name Hyoyeon, is a South Korean singer, dancer, rapper, DJ and entertainer. She is a soloist, but she is also a member of the South Korean girl group Girls' Generation, of its sub-unit Girls' Generation-Oh!GG and of the supergroup GOT the beat, all under the label SM Entertainment.

She is often called "Dancing Queen" due to her dance skills. 

Kwon Yu-ri

Kwon Yu-ri (born December 5, 1989) is a South Korean singer-songwriter, actress, model, and dancer. She is also known by her stage name Yuri. She is a member of Girls' Generation and of its sub-unit Girls' Generation-Oh!GG under the label SM Entertainment.

Choi Soo-young

Choi Soo-young (; Hanja: ; Japanese: チェ・スヨン also known as Sooyoung Choi or Summer Choi; born February 10, 1990) is a South Korean singer-songwriter, actress and TV presenter. She is a former member of the Korean-Japanese duo group Route θ and a current member of the South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. Sooyoung is the only Asian woman in "Complex's" Hottest '90s Babies.

Im Yoon-ah

Im Yoon-ah (born May 30, 1990), commonly known as YoonA (윤아/潤娥), is a South Korean singer and actress. She is a member of Girls' Generation and of its sub-unit Girls' Generation-Oh!GG under the label SM Entertainment.

Seohyun

Seo Ju-hyun (born June 28, 1991 in Seoul) is a South Korean singer and actress. She is known by her Stage name Seohyun. She is a member of the girl group Girls' Generation and of its sub-unit Girls' Generation-TTS, but later become a solo artist. She sings K-pop, R&B and soul music. She is also a dancer.

Year 10,000 problem

The Year 10,000 problem (also known as the Y10K problem, Y10K Bug, and Y10K) is an error machines and computers will encounter when they need to express five digits for a year.

Some people practice the art of cutting the last two digits of a decade. For example, the "1970's" becomes just the "70s".
However, this becomes a problem, because to keep order, one will now need to take the last three digits, rather than two.

This is also a problem because the "000's" might be confused with the standard digits "00's", representing a new century. Also, the year can overflow with certain computer programs. For example: in Microsoft Excel, 12/31/9999 is considered a valid date, but 1/1/10000 is invalid and will raise errors. The date "ten thousand" is unable to be supported, producing a large negative instead.

So far, the Long Now Foundation is able to preempt the Y10K by adding a "0" in front of the date. So the current year of 2024, will look like 02024. However, it would still be affected by the "Y100K" problem.

In MySQL databases, the values of some datatypes are limited to the scope of only 31-12-9999 which causes some problems as the computer would not be able to compile the data in the SQL. Many other SQL software can also be affected by this error.

Another possible error in the computer display of the year ten thousand is the possible use of commas in between the third and fourth digit. To avoid confusion with years such as "1000", a comma may be added to display such year as 10,000. Today, due to the low likelihood of a year such as "2000" being confused with "200", commas are rarely used. "When [the year is] embedded in a date, [there is] plenty easy to discern from context. " 



Araucaria

Araucaria is a genus of evergreen coniferous trees in the family Araucariaceae. There are 19 species in the genus, with a scattered distribution in the southern continents. They are found in New Caledonia (where 13 species are endemic), Norfolk Island, eastern Australia, New Guinea, Argentina, Chile, and southern Brazil.

The present populations are relicts, and of restricted distribution. They are found in forest and shrubland, in exposed sites. These tall trees are living fossils, dating back to early in the Mesozoic era. 

Fossil records show that the genus also formerly occurred in the northern hemisphere until the end of the Cretaceous period. By far the greatest diversity exists in New Caledonia, due to the island's long isolation and stability.

"Araucaria" are mainly large trees with a massive erect stem, reaching a height of 30–80 m (16–262 ft). The horizontal, spreading branches grow in whorls and are covered with leathery or needle-like leaves. In some species, the leaves are narrow and shaped like a lance, barely overlapping each other, in others they are broad and flat, and overlap broadly.

"Aurucaria" reproduces by seed cones.

The whole group was common in the Jurassic period. The living "Araucaria araucana" is often called the monkey-puzzle tree. The whole family Araucariaceae is often called that name by palaeobotanists. The leaves (shown here) have an average life of 24 years, and cover most of the tree except for the older branches.

Agathis

Agathis is a genus of evergreen, coniferous trees, the kauri. They grow mainly in the southern hemisphere, including southeast Asia, areas of the western Pacific, and Australasia.

"Agathis" is a relatively small genus, with only 21 known species. As a conifer, it bears its seeds in conifer cones. Mature "Agathis" can become quite large, reaching 130 feet (about 40 m) in height and 10 feet (about 3 m) in diameter.

The genus is part of the ancient Araucariaceae family of conifers, a group once widespread during the Jurassic period, but now largely restricted to the southern hemisphere.

Mature kauri trees have large trunks, forming a bole with little or no branching below the crown. In contrast, young trees are normally conical in shape, forming a more rounded or irregularly shaped crown as they mature.

In the logging industry it is generally referred to as commercial grade mahogany. Timber from the "Agathis" has several uses, including cabinet making, boat building, musical instruments, and in years past, artificial limbs. It also produces a wide variety of resins.

Red Bull

Red Bull is an energy drink. It is based on the Thai soda Krating Daeng, which translates as "Red Bull". Red Bull is the most popular energy drink in the world, based on its share of sales. The company was founded by Thai national Chaleo Yoovidhya and Austrian national Dietrich Mateschitz. Chaleo Yoovidhya and his son own 51 percent interest in the company. Mateschitz is responsible for the company's operations through the Austrian company Red Bull GmbH.

Originally, Red Bull was only available in one flavor that was called Red Bull Energy Drink. Other variants were added later. 

Red Bull's slogan is "it gives you wings". The product is strongly marketed through advertising, tournament sponsorship, sports team ownerships, celebrity endorsements, and with its record label. Red Bull sponsors Red Bull Air Race, "Red Bull Crashed Ice". It owns the sports team Red Bull Racing, Scuderia Toro Rosso, "EC Red Bull Salzburg", "FC Red Bull Salzburg", Red Bull New York, and "RB Leipzig". Red Bull started its own record label, "Red Bull Records".

In 2009 it was discovered that Red Bull Cola exported from Austria contained trace amounts of cocaine. Red Bull has also been criticized about the possible health risks of the drink. However, the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) concluded that the levels of taurine and glucuronolactone used in Red Bull and other popular energy drinks are safe.

Red Bull took many marketing and ingredient ideas from an energy drink in Thailand called Krating Daeng. Dietrich Mateschitz, an Austrian entrepreneur, developed the Red Bull Energy Drink brand. Mateschitz was the international marketing director for Blendax, a toothpaste company, when he visited Thailand in 1982 and discovered that Krating Daeng helped to cure his jet lag. Between 1984 and 1987, Mateschitz worked with TC Pharmaceutical (a Blendax licensee) to adapt Krating Daeng for the European market.

At the same time Mateschitz and Chaleo Yoovidhya founded Red Bull GmbH; each investing $500,000 of savings and taking a stake in the new company. Chaleo and Dietrich each held a 49% share of the new company. They gave the remaining 2% to Chaleo's son Chalerm, but it was agreed that Mateschitz would run the company. The product was launched in 1987, in a carbonated format.

Red Bull was launched first in Singapore in 1989 followed by Hungary, its second foreign market in 1992. It entered the United States market (via California) in 1997 and the Middle East in 2000. In 2008, "Forbes" magazine listed both Chaleo and Mateschitz as being the 260th richest persons in the world with an estimated net worth of $4.0 billion.

Red Bull contains taurine, glucuronolactone, caffeine, B vitamins, sucrose and glucose. Red Bull sugar-free also contains phenylalanine in place of sucrose and glucose.

Red Bull GmbH also manufactures Red Bull Cola, containing the coca leaf, which has sparked a controversy in Germany regarding minute traces of cocaine.

A review published in 2008 found no documented reports of negative or positive health effects associated with the amount of taurine used in energy drinks, including Red Bull, concluding that "The amounts of guarana, taurine, and ginseng found in popular energy drinks are far below the amounts expected to deliver either therapeutic benefits or adverse events. However, caffeine and sugar are present in amounts known to cause a variety of adverse health effects."

Commonly reported adverse effects due to caffeine used in the quantities present in Red Bull are insomnia, nervousness, headache, and tachycardia (see Caffeine intoxication).
A 2008 position statement issued by the National Federation of State High School Associations made the following recommendations about energy drink consumption, in general, by young athletes:

The results of a study conducted in 2008 showed that the ingestion of one, 250mL can of sugar-free Red Bull, in a sample of 30 healthy young adults, had an immediate detrimental effect on both endothelial function, and normal blood coagulation. This temporarily raised the cardiovascular risk in these individuals to a level comparable to that of an individual with established coronary artery disease.

Based on their results, researchers involved with the study cautioned against the consumption of Red Bull in individuals under stress, in those with high blood pressure, or in anyone with established atherosclerotic disease.
Red Bull representatives, however, stated that this observed increase in cardiovascular risk was not felt to be different from that associated with drinking a regular cup of coffee. They also stated that they believed that Red Bull must be safe, as it was felt the only way Red Bull could have such substantial global sales is if various health authorities had concluded the drink safe to consume.

There has been at least one case report of Red Bull overdose causing postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome in a young athlete.
A February 3, 2009 article in "The Daily Telegraph" called, "Red Bull 'may have triggered heart condition that killed student'"
reported on the death of a 21 year-old woman who died after drinking four cans of Red Bull as well as alcohol at "social levels". It was believed, but had not been proven, that she suffered from a rare heart condition called long QT Syndrome. She was on medication for epilepsy. A medical examination found that there were no illegal drugs in her system. The article quoted a doctor as saying, "The QT levels may have grown over a few years, or it may have been artificially pushed over the limit by caffeine".

In April and June 2009, batches of "Red Bull Cola" drinks imported from Austria were found to contain between 0.1 - 0.3 micrograms of cocaine per litre, according to Hong Kong officials. In Taiwan it was found that the importer was due to launch a marketing campaign the next day. Importing cocaine to the island is an offense that is punishable by death or a life sentence in prison. In Germany, 11 out of 16 states had already banned the drinks by May 25, 2009.

Testing of Red Bull Energy Drink and its variations has shown that a person with a low tolerance for cocaine would have to consume two million cans of the drink in a single sitting before becoming critically ill from the cocaine. However, this finding is legally irrelevant since distribution of cocaine is illegal in any quantity in Taiwan. At this point, no further action has been taken on the matter in Taiwan.

Red Bull claims to:

Red Bull's invigorating effects are attributed to its high caffeine content. A single can of Red Bull contains 80 mg/250 ml of caffeine. This is about the same as one cup of normal coffee, or slightly less depending on the brewing method The actual caffeine level in Red Bull can vary depending on country, as some countries have legal restrictions on how much caffeine is allowed in drinks.

Red Bull drinkers may experience adverse effects as a result of caffeine.

Red Bull has been subject to bans in France, Denmark and Norway. The ban has been lifted in Norway and Denmark. The French ban was challenged by the European Commission and (partially) upheld by the European Court of Justice in 2004.

Red Bull brand of sport asia dominate for first pumptrack league national to gear apparel by dream team in company figures supports.

Red Bull has an aggressive international marketing campaign. The numerous sponsored activities range from extreme sports like windsurfing, snowboarding, skateboarding, kayaking, wakeboarding, cliff-diving, surfing, skating, freestyle motocross, rally, Formula 1 racing, and breakdancing to art shows, music, and video games. In keeping with their target market of young males, Red Bull has also enlisted help from celebrities, such as Eminem that would appeal to this group (sponsoring the Red Bull "EmSee Battle Rap championships"). It also hosts events like the "Red Bull Flugtag" (German for "flight day" or "flying day") and other such contests. Red Bull also sponsors association football teams, with clubs in Austria, Germany, the United States and Brazil featuring the Red Bull trademark in their names. By associating the drink's image with these activities, the company seeks to promote a "cool" public image and raise brand power. In addition, the slender container is used to suggest a "sexier" image than some other cola counterparts. Hence, this one energy drink has helped create a market for over 150 related types of merchandise, like Red Rooster and Blue Lightning.

Red Bull's slogan, "it gives you wings", is widely used in these marketing activities. Claims about the drink's effects and performance have been challenged on various occasions, with the UK's Advertising Standards Authority imposing advertising restrictions in 2001 in response to complaints first recorded as early as 1997. Even with all of the concerns regarding Red Bull, in 2000 the corporation earned around $1 billion in worldwide sales and Red Bull held 65% of the market share.

In the PlayStation 3's social app, PlayStation Home, Red Bull has developed its own in-game island, specifically advertising its energy drink and the Red Bull Air Race event. In late November 2009, Red Bull brought out two new spaces, the Red Bull Illume space, and the Red Bull Beach space featuring the Red Bull Flugtag, both released on the same day.

In the video game "Worms 3D", Red Bull could be drunk by the worms, giving them the effect of faster movement.

Red Bull is displayed on virtual track-side billboards during gameplay and in the opening cinematic in the video game "Wipeout XL".


In 2009, Red Bull added mainstream sport athletes to its roster of sports endorsements. Reggie Bush was the first NFL athlete to endorse the product. The announcement was made at the Super Bowl.


Safe mode

Safe mode is a mode of startup in computers that allows the user to detect and fix errors. Many things do not run on safe mode. The reason is to see whether any of the recently added or updated device drivers were causing the problem.

When safe mode is used, a computer will only start with the minimum number of system files needed for it to work properly. This is to make it easier to find a problem that may be causing a computer to work incorrectly. The screen resolution is also smaller and there is no sound or internet connection in safe mode. This is because these features are not necessary for the computer to work properly.

Dryptosaurus

Dryptosaurus ("tearing lizard") was a theropod dinosaur of the Tyrannosauroidea type. It was found in Upper Cretaceous strata of Eastern North America. It was formerly known as "Laelaps".

It was given its name because it had 8-inch (21-cm) long finger claws. Fossils have been found in New Jersey. It is known only from a partial skeleton.

Kagawa Prefecture

Kagawa was formerly known as Sanuki Province.

Drought is common in Kagawa history. For example, in 1973 the region was called "the Takamatsu desert".

Kagawa is in the northeast part of Shikoku. The prefecture borders Ehime Prefecture in the southwest. Tokushima Prefecture is in the south. Kagawa has a coastline with many small islands on the Seto Inland Sea across from Okayama Prefecture.

The prefecture built 17 dams between 1947 and 1974.

Towns and villages in each district:
National Parks are established in about 11% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Tamura jinja" is the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 


Shizuoka Prefecture

Shizuoka prefecture was formed from the former Tōtōmi Province, Suruga Province and Izu Province provinces.


Shizuoka is on the east coast of Honshu facing the Pacific Ocean. The prefecture is bordered on the west by Aichi Prefecture and Nagano Prefecture. The northern borders of Shuzuoka are shared with Yamanashi Prefecture and Kanagawa Prefecture.

Mount Fuji is on the northern border of Shizuoka.

Suruga Bay is its main coastal feature. The Izu Peninsula forms the eastern side of the bay.

Throughout history, every 100 to 150 years, an earthquake of disastrous proportions called the Tokai Earthquake has hit Shizuoka.

National Parks are established in about 11% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Oguni jinja", "Kotonomamahachimangū", "Sengen jinja" and "Mishima taisha" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Suruga. 


Gion Festival

The Gion Festival or Gion Matsuri is a festival held every year in Kyoto in July. The festival is held at Yasaka shrine.


Aomori Prefecture

Until the Meiji Restoration, the lands of Aomori prefecture were part of Mutsu Province.

Aomori Prefecture is the northernmost prefecture on Honshū. The prefecture faces Hokkaidō across the Tsugaru Strait. It shares its southern border with Akita Prefecture and Iwate Prefecture.
There are ten cities in Aomori Prefecture:

National Parks are established in about 12% of the total land area of the prefecture, including

"Tsutsukowake jinja" is the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Ibaraki Prefecture

In 1871, Ibaraki Prefecture was created from Hitachi Province.

Ibaraki Prefecture is the northeastern part of Kantō. It is between Tochigi Prefecture and the Pacific Ocean. Fukushima Prefecture is its neighbor to the north and Chiba Prefecture is to the south. Saitama Prefecture is to the southwest. There are many mountains in the northern part of the prefecture. The rest of the prefecture is a flat plain with many lakes.

There are thirty-two cities in Ibaraki Prefecture:

Towns and villages in each district:
National Parks are established in about 15% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Kashima jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 

Red Bull (disambiguation)

Red Bull can refer to:


In association football:

In auto racing:

In ice hockey:



Tammar wallaby

The tammar wallaby ("Macropus eugenii") is a small species of wallaby from Australia. They were the first macropods to be seen by Europeans. Francisco Pelsaert, captain of the Batavia, saw them when the ship was wrecked on the Abrolhos Islands in 1629. He said they looked like hopping cats. There are three sub-species of tammar wallaby:

The name tammar comes from the word "tamma", meaning sheoak. The wallaby lives under sheoak plants.

Tammar wallabies became extinct on mainland South Australia in the 1930's. Extinction has been caused by habitat destruction, hunting, and foxes. In 1998 a small population of South Australian wallabies was found living on Kawau Island near Auckland, in New Zealand. This group had been established by former South Australian governor, Sir George Grey in 1862 as part of his own private zoo. In New Zealand these wallabies were seen as a pest, and scientists have been studying ways to get rid of them. 85 wallabies were taken back to South Australia. After extensive fox controls at Innes National Park, 10 wallabies were released in November 2004. Another 36 were released in June 2005. These first releases were tracked with radio collars. Another group has been put into a captive breeding program at Monarto Zoo.

Tammar wallabies live in thick scrub during the day and come out into grassland to feed at night. They eat mainly grass and herbs. In dry areas they have been known to survive by drinking seawater. They range over an area of about .

They are about in height, with a dark grey brown fur. They have reddish colour on their arms and sides, with pale grey fur on their bellies. They may also have a feint white line on their cheeks.

The wallabies have a very unusual breeding pattern. The fertilized eggs remain dormant inside the mother until the summer solstice when foetal development restarts. This is called "embryonic diapause". All the young are born on the same day about 31 days later, at the end of January or the beginning of February.

The tammar wallaby is the marsupial chosen for the genome sequencing project. Scientists are studying the milk from the wallaby as they think it might contain a new and powerful antibiotic.

Antonine Wall

The Antonine Wall is a stone and turf fortification built across northern Great Britain by the Roman Empire in the middle 2nd century. The Roman emperor Antoninus Pius built the wall to control barbarians: the ancient Britons to the north of the wall, in Caledonia. The wall is now in Scotland, and runs between the Firth of Forth and the Firth of Clyde in the modern Scottish Lowlands. When the Romans built the wall, it was the northern border of the Roman Empire.

The Roman legions (armies) of the governor of Roman Britain, Lollius Urbicus, built the wall for the emperor between 139 and 142. The wall was about long. Its foundations were made of stone and was between and wide. The wall itself was made of turf. In front of the wall (on the northern side) was a ditch. The ditch was away from the wall. The ditch was at least deep and was nearly wide in places. The Romans used the wall until after 158. The last Romans went away from the wall in around 163. After that, the wall fell into ruins slowly.

The Antonine Wall is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site called Frontiers of the Roman Empire. It shares this listing with Hadrian's Wall in England and the German fortifications known as the "Limes Germanicus". The barrier was the second of two "great walls" created by the Romans in Great Britain. Its ruins are less visible than the better known Hadrian's Wall to the south.

Construction began in AD 142 at the order of emperor Antoninus Pius, and took about twelve years to complete. Pressure from the Caledonians may have led Antoninus Pius to send the empire's troops farther north. The wall was protected by sixteen forts with a number of small fortlets between them; troop movement was facilitated by a road linking all the sites known as the Military Way. The soldiers who built the wall commemorated the construction and their struggles with the barbarians in a number of decorative slabs, twenty of which still survive.

Despite this good start, the wall was abandoned after only twenty years. The garrisons were sent back to Hadrian's Wall. In 208 the emperor Septimius Severus re-established legions at the wall and ordered repairs. This has led to the wall being referred to as the Severan Wall. However, this occupation ended only a few years later, and the wall was never fortified again. Most of the wall and its associated fortifications have been destroyed over time, but some remains are still visible. Many of these have come under the care of Historic Scotland and the UNESCO World Heritage Site Committee. Most of the wall is private property.

Alliance Party of Northern Ireland

The Alliance Party of Northern Ireland is a liberal and non-sectarian political party in Northern Ireland. It is neutral on the issue of whether Northern Ireland should stay in or leave the United Kingdom. The party currently has 7 out of 90 seats in the Northern Ireland Assembly and 1 MP in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. Its current leader is Naomi Long

The party was founded in 1970 and gained its first elected Member of Parliament (MP) at the 2010 UK General Election. It is close to the British Liberal Democrats.

Paddy Ashdown

Jeremy John Durham "Paddy" Ashdown, Baron Ashdown of Norton-sub-Hamdon (27 February 1941 – 22 December 2018) was a British politician and international diplomat. He served as leader of the Liberal Democrats from July 1988 to August 1999.

Paddy Ashdown was born in New Delhi, British India, but was brought up in Northern Ireland and his Irish accent brought him the nickname "Paddy". He served in the Royal Marines from 1959 to 1972 and saw fighting in Borneo, Hong Kong and Northern Ireland. At the 1983 general election, Ashdown became the Liberal Party's Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Yeovil.

In 1988, when the Liberal Party merged with the Social Democratic Party to form the Liberal Democrats, Ashdown was elected the leader of the new party and led the party through the 1992 and 1997 general elections. He resigned in 1999, and was given both a knighthood and a seat in the House of Lords. In the House of Lords, he was given the title Baron Ashdown of Norton-sub-Hamdon. From 2002 to 2006 he served as High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina.

His reputation was damaged slightly in 1992, when it was revealed that he had a five-month extra-marital affair with his secretary, and many British newspapers exposed this in great detail. "The Sun" newspaper ran a famous headline which played on Ashdown's name, calling him "Paddy Pants-Down".

Ashdown was diagnosed with "serious" bladder cancer in October 2018. He died two months later on 22 December 2018 from the disease in Norton-sub-Hamdon, Somerset, at the age of 77.


Jim Murphy

James Francis 'Jim' Murphy (born August 23, 1967 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a British politician. He was the leader of the Scottish Labour Party. He was the Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of East Renfrewshire.

He was first made a Member of Parliament at the 1997 General Election for the Eastwood constituency. He has been the East Renfrewshire MP from 2005 onwards. He held two cabinet posts: Minister of State for Europe (June 2007-October 2008) and Secretary of State for Scotland (October 2008-May 2010). He was made the shadow Secretary of State for Defence in October 2010. He became the Shadow Secretary of State for International Development in 2013. He resigned from this job in November 2014 because he wanted to be the leader of the Scottish Labour Party.

On 13 December 2014 he became the leader of the Scottish Labour Party. Because he was an MP in theUK Parliament, the deputy leader of the Scottish Labour Partyrepresented him in the Scottish Parliament. The deputy leader was Kezia Dugdale.

After the Scottish Labour Party's defeat in the 2015 general election (with Murphy himself losing his seat), Murphy resigned as party leader. 


Ermine Street

Ermine Street is the name of one of the main Roman roads in Britain. It ran from London ("Londinium") to Lincoln ("Lindum Colonia") and York ("Eboracum"). The original Roman name for the road is not known. 

Ermine Street is also called the Old North Road from London to where it joins the A1 near Godmanchester.

The alternative route (in blue) was built to allow transport in all weather. The direct route crosses the River Humber, a tidal estuary of the rivers Trent and Ouse. In bad weather crossing would have been impossible. The Humber is too wide for the Romans to have built a bridge, therefore some kind of ferry must have been used.

Islamic Azad University

Islamic Azad University (, "Dāneshgāh-e Āzād-e Eslāmi") is a private university system based in Iran. The university was founded in 1982. It is the world's third largest university. 1.5 million students study there. The university has over 100 branches across Iran and also in other countries such as the emirate of Dubai and the United Kingdom. Over the years, the university has become richer. It is estimated to be worth between $20 and $25 billion.

Sadiq Khan

Sadiq Aman Khan (born 8 October 1970) is a British politician. He is the Mayor of London since 8 May 2016. He was the Shadow Justice Secretary in Ed Miliband's and Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet. He was the Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Tooting.

Khan was born at St George’s Hospital in Tooting, London, to Pakistani parents on 8 October 1970. He grew up in Earlsfield, London.

Khan worked as a human rights solicitor until the 2005 General Election when he was elected as an MP. He became the Minister of State for Transport from June 2009 to May 2010 and when Ed Miliband became leader of the Labour Party, he was made the Shadow Justice Secretary.

Khan was chosen to be the Labour Party candidate in the 2016 London mayoral election. On 6 May 2016, Khan was elected to the office of mayor by winning 57% of the vote. He became the first Muslim to be elected mayor of a British capital city. He became mayor on 8 May.

Vince Cable

Sir John Vincent "Vince" Cable (born 9 May 1943 in York, England) is a British politician. He was the Leader of the Liberal Democrats from 2017 to 2019. Cable was the Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills in the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government. He is the Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Twickenham.

Vince Cable studied economics at university and became an economic advisor to the Kenyan government in 1966. 

He was an advisor to the British government and to the Commonwealth Secretary-General in the 1970s and 1980s. He served as Chief Economist for the oil company Shell from 1995 to 1997. In the 1970s, Cable was active in the Labour Party and became a Glasgow councillor. However, in 1982, he joined the Social Democratic Party (SDP) which would go on to form the Liberal Democrats and he unsuccessfully contested seats in the elections of 1983, 1987 and 1992 until being elected as the MP for the London constituency of Twickenham in the 1997 general election.

He was the main economics spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats from 2003 to 2010 and became the Liberal Democrats' Deputy Leader in 2006. In May 2010, a coalition government was formed between the Conservative Party and the Liberal Democrats and Vince Cable was made the Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills. He has promised a 'very radical overhaul' of the state pensions system. He resigned from his position as Deputy Leader in May 2010.

After Tim Farron resigned, Cable said he would stand for leader. No other MP decided to stand against him and Cable became leader on 20 July 2017. 

Cable announced in September 2018 that he would resign as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in May 2019. He later changed his retirement date to whenever "Brexit is resolved or stopped". On 24 May 2019, Cable said he would step down as party leader on 23 July. He was replaced by Deputy Jo Swinson on 22 July 2019.

Cable was a contestant in the BBC's Christmas 2010 "Strictly Come Dancing" contest. He did not win. Cable was the second politician to appear on the show, after Ann Widdecombe.

Fosse Way

Fosse Way was one of the main Roman roads in Britain. Its route was unusual, because despite its length it went nowhere near London. It went directly from the south-west coast to the midland east coast. It linked Exeter ("Isca Dumnoniorum") in South West England to Lincoln ("Lindum Colonia") in the East Midlands. The road went via Ilchester ("Lindinis"), Bath ("Aquae Sulis"), Cirencester ("Corinium") and Leicester ("Ratae Corieltauvorum").

It joined Akeman Street and Ermin Way at Cirencester, crossed Watling Street at "Venonis" (High Cross) south of Leicester, and joined Ermine Street at Lincoln.

The word "Fosse" is derived from the Latin "fossa", meaning "ditch". For the first few decades after the Roman invasion of Britain in AD 43, the Fosse Way marked the western frontier of Roman rule in Iron Age Britain. It is possible that the road began as a defensive ditch that was later filled in and converted into a road, or possibly a defensive ditch ran alongside the road for at least some of its length.

It is remarkable for its extremely direct route. From Lincoln to Ilchester in Somerset is a distance of 182 miles. The road is never more than six miles from a straight line.

Place names with words like -cester or -chester are derived from the Latin "castra", meaning 'military camp'. 'Street' is derived from the Latin "strata", meaning a paved road.

Fosse Way still exists. In places it is a major road, in others a country path. The A46 between Lincoln and Leicester is on the Fosse Way. From Bath to Ilchester the A37 follows the Fosse, and from Ilchester to Exeter the A30/A303 roads follow the Fosse for the most part.

The Roman road is, quite simply, the shortest route possible.

Ann Widdecombe

Ann Noreen Widdecombe (born 4 October 1947 in Bath, Somerset, England) is a British former politician. She was the Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Maidstone and The Weald from 1987 to 2010.

Widdecombe is the daughter of a Ministry of Defence civil servant James Murray Widdecombe and Rita N Plummer. She attended the Royal Navy School in Singapore, and a convent school in Bath. She then read Latin at Birmingham University and later attended Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, to read Philosophy, Politics and Economics (PPE). She worked for Unilever (1973–75). She was then an administrator at the University of London (1975–87) before entering Parliament.

She was first elected to the House of Commons at the 1987 General Election. From 1995 to 1997, she was the Minister of State for Prisons. Ann Widdecombe served in William Hague's shadow cabinet from 1997 to 2001. Widdecombe retired from politics at the 2010 general election.

Throughout her political career, Widdecombe was socially conservative and converted from the Church of England to Catholic Church in 1992 after the Church of England voted to allow female priests.

She is a committed animal lover. She is one of the few Conservative MPs to have consistently voted for the ban on fox hunting.

Widdecombe was a contestant in the 2010 series of "Strictly Come Dancing". In 2002 she took part in a Louis Theroux television documentary. It showed her life, both in and out of politics. She was cast as herself in an episode of the science-fiction drama "Doctor Who".

On 23 April 2012, Widdecombe presented an hour-long documentary for BBC Radio 5 Live. It was "Drunk Again: Ann Widdecombe Investigates", looking at how the British attitude to getting drunk has changed over the last few years.



Ian Paisley

Ian Richard Kyle Paisley, Baron Bannside (6 April 1926 – 12 September 2014) was a politician and church minister in Northern Ireland. He founded the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) in 1971 and was its leader until May 2008. 

He was born in Armagh and grew up in Ballymena. He founded the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster in 1951 and was a Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of North Antrim from 1970 to 2010. He was the First Minister of Northern Ireland from May 2007 to June 2008 at the head of an all-party government.

He called himself the Reverend Doctor Ian Paisley.

Paisley died in Belfast on 12 September 2014, aged 88. At the time of his death, Paisley suffered from cardiomyopathy.

Armageddon

Armageddon ( Harmagedōn, , Har Megiddo, , ) is the place where the great war of the end of day will start.

Christians that believe that Jesus Christ will someday come back to earth, translated the sentences of the Messiah and the Lamb of God, are the symbolism of Jesus, that will return to the earth to fight the Antichrist (or the Beast) in the battle of "Armageddon". After that war Satan (or the "Antichrist") will be thrown to the bottomless pit, or "Abyss" for a 1,000 years, known as the "Millennium Age". After Satan will be out of the pit, he will gather one man called "Gog and Magog" (In the texts he is named "God and Magog" but also named "Gog kind of Magog", in Jewish texts, the war of Gog and Magog means the attack of Gog kind of Magog to kill all the Jewish people, and God will kill him and his army. In Christianity, Gog and Magog are two separate people that are Evil.) from the Four corners of the Earth. They will trap the "Holy Ones" (means Christians) in the "Beloved City", (means Jerusalem). Then Fire will come from God and from the Heavens, and it will destroy Gog and Magog and will trap the Devil in "Gehenna" (Gehinom, Valley of Hinom, a place near Jerusalem, lake of fire and brimstone, also known as Hell).

The word "Armageddon" appears only once in the "Greek New Testament". This word comes from the Hebrew "Har Megiddo" (), which means - "Mountain of Megiddo". In Israel there is a small city, that is in the Azrieli Vally, called Megiddo. The Mountain of Megiddo is a small mountain which had a big Roman fort.


Bromine monochloride

Bromine monochloride, also known as bromine(I) chloride, bromochloride, or bromine chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BrCl. It contains bromine in its +1 oxidation state and chloride ions. 

It is a red-brown gas. It is an oxidizing agent. It is used in analytical chemistry to see how much mercury is in something. It can be used to kill bacteria and mold in industrial places. It is highly toxic.


Bromine dioxide

Bromine dioxide, also known as bromine(IV) oxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BrO. It contains bromine in its +4 oxidation state. It also contains oxide ions.

It is a yellow or yellow-orange solid. It is very unstable. It turns into bromine and oxygen easily. It is similar to chlorine dioxide. It reacts with a base to make bromide and bromate.

It is made when an electric current is passed through a mixture of cold bromine and oxygen gases. It also can be made by reacting bromine in an organic solvent with ozone.


Calcium bromate

Calcium bromate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Ca(BrO). It contains calcium and bromate ions.

Calcium bromate is a colorless solid. It dissolves in water easily. It is an oxidizing agent. It is similar to calcium chloride. 

It is made by oxidation (by electrolysis) of calcium bromide solution. It can also be made by dissolving bromine in hot calcium hydroxide solution. This also makes calcium bromide.

It is added to flour to make it better in some areas.


Sodium bromate

Sodium bromate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaBrO, which means that one molecule of it contains one atom of sodium and one ion of bromate.

Sodium bromate is a colorless solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. 

Sodium bromate is made by reacting sodium hydroxide with bromic acid. It can also be made by electrolysis of a sodium bromide solution. It may be made by dissolving bromine in hot sodium hydroxide solution. This also makes sodium bromide.

It is used to dye hair. It is also used to dye other things. It can be used to dissolve gold.


Potassium bromate

Potassium bromate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KBrO. It contains potassium and bromate ions.

Potassium bromate is a white solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It might be a carcinogen. 

It can be made by dissolving bromine in hot potassium hydroxide. It can also be made by electrolysis of potassium bromide solution. 

Potassium bromate is used to make wheat flour better. Some places have banned it from being added to flour because it might be a carcinogen. Normally when the bread is baked the potassium bromate is broken down. If there is too much, then some might be left over in the bread, which is bad. 


San Luigi dei Francesi

San Luigi dei Francesi is a French church in Rome. It was build by Giacomo della Porta who completed it in 1859. The church is found near the Roman Pantheon, Piazza Navona and the French Cultural Center. The main attraction are some Caravaggio paintings; The Calling of Saint Matthew, The Inspiration of Saint Matthew, and the Martyrdom of Saint Matthew.

The outside facade was also done by Giacomo della Porta as a decorative piece apart from the actual church. It shows French heroes and saints like Charlemagne and Saint Louis.

The church is also a burial site for Pauline de Beaumont, Frédéric Bastiat, and Cardinal François-Joachim de Pierre de Bernis.

Amadeus (movie)

Amadeus is a 1984 American biographical period drama movie directed by Miloš Forman. It won eight Oscars. This is a biography of two great music composers - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Antonio Salieri. Salieri knows Mozart is a great composer but tries to stop him out of jealousy.

The movie was shot on location in Prague, Kroměříž and Vienna. Notably, Forman was able to shoot scenes in the Count Nostitz Theatre in Prague, where "Don Giovanni" and "La Clemenza di Tito" were first shown two centuries before. Several other scenes were shot at the Barrandov Studios.













Bromic acid

Bromic acid is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HBrO. It contains hydrogen and bromate ions.

Bromic acid cannot be found pure. It can be found in a solution though. It is very corrosive and a strong oxidizing agent. It is similar to chloric acid.

Bromic acid is made by adding a strong acid to a bromate such as sodium bromate.

Bromic acid can be used to make bromates, although it is not normally used.


Bromine pentafluoride

Bromine pentafluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BrF. It contains bromine and fluoride ions. The bromine is in its +5 oxidation state.

Bromine pentafluoride is a pale yellow liquid. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It reacts with water to make bromic acid and hydrofluoric acid. 

It can be made by reacting hot bromine with fluorine. This makes some bromine trifluoride. Potassium bromide can be reacted with fluorine. This makes bromine pentafluoride and potassium fluoride.

It is used to look at the isotopes of oxygen. It can add fluoride ions to other chemical compounds. It can be used as an oxidizing agent in rockets. It can be used as poison as well. 

Bromine pentafluoride is very corrosive. Just a little kills most animals. It can ignite powdered metals. 


Bromine trifluoride

Bromine trifluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BrF. It contains bromine and fluoride ions. The bromine is in its +3 oxidation state.

It is a yellow liquid. It absorbs water. It reacts when it is placed in water. It can be dissolved in concentrated sulfuric acid. It conducts electricity. It can dissolve other fluorides. 

It is made by reacting cold fluorine with bromine. Hot fluorine makes bromine pentafluoride. 

It is used to make uranium hexafluoride for uranium making. This makes the uranium able to explode in an atomic bomb.


Kingsmeadow

Kingsmeadow is an association football stadium in Kingston upon Thames, London. It has been used since 1989. There are four parts to it. It could hold 4,720 people as of 2009. It has a grass surface.

Leader of the Conservative Party (UK)

The Leader of the Conservative Party is the most senior politician within the Conservative Party of the United Kingdom. The post is currently held by Rishi Sunak since 24 October 2022. There was no proper leader of the Conservative Party until 1922:

"Those asterisked ( * ) were considered the overall leader of the party."


Date in brackets shows when each person became leader.

White people

White people are people with light skin. Most white people are of European origin. In American English, the term "Caucasian" is used to mean "white people." Outside of North American, it refers to people or things from the Caucasus Mountains.

Before the modern age, Europeans did not think of themselves as "white". They defined their race, ancestry or ethnicity in terms of their nationality: Greek, Roman, etc. The Ancient Greek civilisation was based on the Mediterranean. The Romans spread their empire from northern Europe to northern Africa. 

The idea of a single white race came into use starting in the 17th century. The people who were the strongest supporters of the white race being supreme in 20th century Europe were fascist Italy and Nazi Germany. They felt that some European peoples such as Slavs as a different race even though they were white. This was just for political purposes.


Kazuyo Sejima

Sejima worked in the design office of Toyo Ito.

In 1987, she started her own company, Kazuyo Sejima and Associates in 1987.

In 1995, she started a partnership with Ryūe Nishizawa in Tokyo. It was called SANAA.

In 2005-2008, she was a visiting professor at the School of Architecture at Princeton University, in Princeton, New Jersey.

In 2010, Sejima became Director of the Architecture Sector for the Venice Biennale. She organized the 12th Annual International Architecture Exhibition. She is the first woman to be in that position.




Sanaa (disambiguation)

Sanaa may mean:


SANAA

SANAA is an architecture partnership in Tokyo. SANAA won the Pritzker Architecture Prize in 2010.

Kazuyo Sejima and Ryūe Nishizawa started the design office in 1995.





Notoceratops

Notoceratops (meaning "southern horned face") was a ceratopsian dinosaur known only from a late Cretaceous jaw bone. "Notoceratops" walked on four sturdy legs, had a large head, a bulky body, a parrot-like beak, cheek teeth, and a small frill on its head.

Notoceratops was named by Augusto Tapia in 1918 from a partial lower jaw found in Chubut, Argentina. This original "Notoceratops bonarelli" is missing and there is some doubt as to whether or not this fossil was actually a ceratopsian. 

Kumamoto Prefecture

The area of Higo Province was renamed Kumamoto during the Meiji Restoration.


Kumamoto Prefecture is in the middle of Kyūshū The western border of Kumamoto is the Ariake Sea and the Amakusa Islands. Fukuoka Prefecture and Ōita Prefecture are in the north. Miyazaki Prefecture is in the east. Kagoshima Prefecture is in the south.

Mount Aso (1592 m) is an active volcano in the eastern part of the prefecture.

National Parks are established in about 21% of the total land area of the prefecture, including

"Aso-jinja" is the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 


Christian Mortensen

Thomas Peter Thorvald Kristian Ferdinand Mortensen (August 16, 1882 – April 25, 1998), known as an adult as Christian Mortensen, was a Danish-born American supercentenarian who lived to age 115 years and 252 days, and was believed to be the second-oldest man in history, after Japanese Shigechiyo Izumi (claimed to be born June 29, 1865 but was most likely born in 1880) who died on February 21, 1986 at the claimed age of 120 years, 237 days. However, Izumi's claimed record was officially debunked in 2012, and later in 2023 even the claimed age record of American Mathew Beard (claimed to be born 9 July 1870) who died almost exactly one year before Izumi at the claimed age of 114 years, 222 days, and Mortensen is therefore verified to have been the first man who lived to age 114 as well as the only man who lived to age 115 before Emiliano Mercado del Toro's 115th birthday on August 21, 2006, and the oldest man in history until December 27, 2012 when his record was broken by Japanese Jiroemon Kimura.

Mortensen was baptised in Fruering Church on December 26, 1882. Besides his baptismal record, other records include the 1890 and 1901 census enumerations in Denmark, and church confirmation in 1896. He was the world's oldest validated living man between January 20, 1994 and April 25, 1998.


Violante Beatrice of Bavaria

Violante Beatrice of Bavaria (23 January 1673 – 30 May 1731) was the wife of the Ferdinando de' Medici, Grand Prince of Tuscany, the heir to the Grand Duchy of Tuscany. 

She was the youngest child of Ferdinand Maria, Elector of Bavaria and Henrietta Adelaide of Savoy and was a sister to Louis XIV's daughter-in-law. 

She married Ferdinando de' Medici on 9 January 1689 and became known as the Grand Princess of Tuscany. Her husband died on 31 October 1713 and she did not have any children. She was put in charge of Siena in 1717 and died in 1731.


Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria

Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria (28 November 1660 – 20 April 1690) was the wife of Louis, the Grand Dauphin. She had three sons including the father of Louis XV of France and a King of Spain. In France she was known as Dauphine Marie Anne Victoire. She was a sister of the Violante Beatrice of Bavaria, the last Medici Grand Princess of Tuscany. At court she was known simply as "Madame la Dauphine". 

She was a daughter of Ferdinand Maria, Elector of Bavaria and Henrietta Adelaide of Savoy.


Through her first two sons she is an ancestor of the present King of Spain as well as the present Grand Duke of Luxembourg.


Geometric abstraction

Geometric abstraction is a form of abstract art based on the use of geometric forms in non-representational compositions. This art is not meant to depict our everyday visual world, but instead uses the shapes of basic geometry.

Wassily Kandinsky, one of the forerunners of pure non-objective painting, was among the first modern artists to explore this geometric approach in his abstract work. Other examples of pioneer abstractionists such as Kazimir Malevich and Piet Mondrian have also embraced this approach towards abstract painting.

Geometric abstraction is not just an invention of 20th century avant-garde artists or movements. It is present in many cultures throughout history both as decorative motifs and as art pieces themselves. 

Islamic art, in its prohibition of depicting religious figures, is a prime example of this geometric pattern-based art. It existed centuries before the modern movement in Europe, and in many ways influenced this Western school. Geometric patterns were often used in the architecture of Islamic civilisations from the 7th century-20th century, to visually connect spirituality with science and art. 

Abstract art has also historically been likened to music in its ability to convey emotional or expressive feelings and ideas without reliance upon or reference to recognizable objective forms already existent in reality. Wassily Kandinsky has discussed this connection between music and painting, as well as how the practice of classical composition had influenced his work, at length in his seminal essay "Concerning the Spiritual in Art".

Expressionist abstract painting, as practiced by artists such as Jackson Pollock, is the opposite of geometric abstraction. 

Artists who have worked extensively in geometric abstraction include Josef Albers, Theo van Doesburg, Wassily Kandinsky, Kazimir Malevich, Piet Mondrian, Barnett Newman, Kenneth Noland, Bridget Riley, Alexander Rodchenko, Sophie Taeuber-Arp, among others.



Josef Albers

Josef Albers (March 19, 1888 – March 25, 1976) was a German-born American artist and educator. His work in Europe and the United States was highly influential and far-reaching. His ideas formed the basis of many art education programs in the 20th century.

Albers was born in Bottrop, Westphalia, Germany. He studied art in Berlin, Essen, and Munich, before enrolling as a student at the prestigious Weimar Bauhaus in 1920. He began teaching in the preliminary course of the Department of Design in 1922, and was promoted to Professor in 1925, the year the Bauhaus moved to Dessau. His work at this time included designing furniture and working with glass.

With the closure of the Bauhaus under Nazi pressure in 1933, Albers emigrated to the United States. In 1950 Albers was appointed head of the Department of Design at Yale University. In 1963 he published "Interaction of color" which presented his theory that colors were governed by an internal and deceptive logic. A key idea, which he proved by examples, was that our perception of color is not constant. It is influenced by the juxtaposition (placing together) of one color with another. This interested artists interested in optical illusions (Op art).

Albers is best remembered for his work as an abstract painter and theorist. Most famous of all are the hundreds of paintings and prints that make up the series "Homage to the Square". In this rigorous series, begun in 1949, Albers explored chromatic interactions with flat colored squares arranged inside each other. This was a union of geometric abstraction with experiments in color.


List of political parties in France

France has a multi-party system, which means that several political parties must form coalitions in order to form a government. This is because it would be very difficult for any one party to win a majority of seats in the French National Assembly. Since the 1980s, there have been two major coalitions; one is a collection of right-wing parties and the other is a collection of left-wing parties.

National Rally ("Rassemblement National;" RN): nationalism, hrsdgb , euro-scepticism. 

The Republicans ("Les Républicains"; LR) - Promotes conservatism, liberal-conservatism and nationalism. Replaced the Union for a Popular Movement ("Union pour un mouvement populaire") in 2015.

Renaissance - Promotes neoliberalism, economic liberalism, centrism, and pro-Europeanism. Founded by current French President Emmanuel Macron in 2016.

Socialist Party ("Parti Socialiste") - Promotes social democracy.

La France insoumise - Promotes democratic socialism, environmentalism and pacifism.

French Communist Party ("Parti Communiste Français") - Promotes communism.

Europe Ecology – The Greens - Promotes environmentalism

Royal Alliance ("Alliance Royale")

Nouvelle Action Royaliste

Democratic rally ("Rassemblement démocrate")

Worker's Communist Party of France ("Parti Communiste des Ouvriers de France")

Independent Worker's Party ("Parti ouvrier indépendant") - Trotskyist

Pole of Communist Rebirth in France ("Pôle de Renaissance Communiste en France")

Pirate Party ("Parti Pirate")

Popular Republican Union ("Union Populaire Républicaine") - Promotes movement of national liberation and Frexit.


Dae Jung-sang

Dae Jung-sang, also called "Qiqi Zhongxiang" or "Geolgeol Jungsang" (, ? – 698), was a Goguryeo soldier. He was the father of Dae Jo-yeong, founder of the Kingdom of Balhae.

Philip V of Spain

Philip V of Spain (19 December 1683 - 9 July 1746) was the second son of Louis, Grand Dauphin and Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria. He was a grandson of Louis XIV and Marie Therese of Austria and was King of Spain from 1700 – 1724 and again from 1724 – 1746. He succeeded Charles II of Spain who was childless and mad. 

He was born at the Palace of Versailles, France. He lost the Kingdom of Naples to Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor and the Kingdom of Sicily to Victor Amadeus II. He died at his the Royal Palace of Madrid.

Philip was the first Bourbon king of Spain. He died in Madrid, Spain. His reign of 45 years and 21 days is the longest in modern Spanish history. He was also the father of three Kings of Spain. 

He married Maria Luisa of Savoy in 1701 and had four children:


He remarried in 1714 to Elisabeth Farnese and had seven children:


Louis I of Spain

Louis I of Spain (25 August 1707 – 31 August 1724) was the King of Spain and eldest son of Philip V of Spain and Maria Luisa of Savoy. His reign was one of the shortest in Spanish history. It is often considered unremarkable. However, his marriage to his father's cousin Louis Élisabeth d'Orléans helped the country's relations with France. His wife was a minor French princess.

Louis was born in Madrid. He was the heir to the throne from birth. He held the title Prince of Asturias. He was given the names Louis, after his grandfather the King Louis XIV, and Felipe, in honour of his father. He was a first cousin of Louis XV of France as well as the future Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia.

Louis was King of Spain from 14 January to 31 August 1724, less than eight months. During his short reign he was nicknamed "The beloved" and "The liberal" ("El Bien Amado" and "El Liberal" in Spanish). His reign ended when he died of smallpox. He had no children.


Louise Élisabeth d'Orléans

Louise "Élisabeth" d'Orléans (11 December 1709 – 16 June 1742) was the wife of Louis I of Spain. She was a daughter of Françoise Marie de Bourbon and Philippe, Duke of Orléans, Regent of France. She married Louis, then known as the Prince of Asturias on 20 January 1722. She had no children and became Queen of Spain in January 1724 before her husband died the same year of smallpox. She was sent back to France where she died alone and ignored in Paris in 1742. She is noted as one of the shortest reigning royal consorts in history.


Maria Luisa of Savoy

Maria Luisa of Savoy (17 September 1688 – 14 February 1714) was the first wife of Philip V of Spain. She loved her husband a lot and gave him four children. She had a lot of influence in the government but died exhausted in 1714. Her husband remarried to Elisabeth Farnese in December 1714. She was very popular in Spain.

Named after her aunt the former Queen of Spain she was the second daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Savoy. At her fathers court it was well known that her father was having an affair with the Countess of Verua. This therefore put strain on her parents marriage. She was always close to her sister Marie Adélaïde. 

She married Philip V in 1701 and had four children:

Elisabeth Farnese

Elisabetta Farnese (25 October 1692 – 11 July 1766) was the second wife of Philip V of Spain. Phillip's first wife, Maria Luisa of Savoy, had died in February 1714. Elisabetta married the king in December 1714. She had lots of influence over the state till her husband's death in 1746. She acted as Regent in 1759 when her eldest son Charles III of Spain became king and was travelling from Naples. There were plans for her to marry Victor Amadeus, Prince of Piedmont but the marriage never occurred.



Political parties in Scotland

Most political parties in Scotland can be put into two groups: Unionists and Nationalists. Nationalists want Scotland to become an independent country and to stop being part of the United Kingdom whereas Unionists want Scotland to stay in the United Kingdom.

The following parties are parties represented at either the British House of Commons and/or the Scottish Parliament.












Dino De Laurentiis

Agostino De Laurentiis, usually credited as Dino De Laurentiis (8 August 1919 – 10 November 2010), was an Italian Academy Award-winning movie producer.

He was born at Torre Annunziata in the province of Naples. He grew up selling spaghetti produced by his father. He studied at the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia in Rome. His studies were interrupted by the Second World War. 

His first movie was "L'ultimo Combattimento" in 1940. He has produced nearly 150 movies. In 1946 his company, the Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica, moved into movie production. In the early years, De Laurentiis produced neorealist films such as "Bitter Rice" (1946) and the Fellini classics "La Strada" (1954) and "Nights of Cabiria" (1956). Neorealist is a style about the poor and working class. In the 1960s, De Laurentiis built his own studio facilities. During this period, De Laurentiis produced such films as "Kiss the Girls and Make Them Die", "Navajo Joe" (1966), and "Barbarella" (1968).

In the 1970s, De Laurentiis moved to the US. He created his own studio, De Laurentiis Entertainment Group (DEG), based in Wilmington, North Carolina. During this period De Laurentiis made a number of successful and acclaimed movies, including "Serpico" (1973), "Death Wish" (1974), "Mandingo" (1975), "Three Days of the Condor" (1975), "The Shootist" (1976), Ingmar Bergman's "The Serpent's Egg" (1977), "Ragtime" (1981), "Conan the Barbarian" (1982) and "Blue Velvet" (1986). 

It is for his more infamous productions that De Laurentiis's name has become known: The "King Kong" (1976) remake, which was a commercial hit, "Lipstick", the killer whale movie "Orca" (1977); "The White Buffalo" (1977); the disaster movie "Hurricane" (1979); the remake of "Flash Gordon" (1980); "Halloween II" (the 1981 sequel to John Carpenter's 1978 classic horror movie); David Lynch's "Dune" (1984); and "King Kong Lives" (1986). De Laurentiis also made several adaptations of Stephen King's works during this time, including "The Dead Zone" (1983), "Cat's Eye" (1985), "Silver Bullet" (1985) and "Maximum Overdrive" (1986); "Army of Darkness" (1992) was produced jointly by De Laurentiis, Robert Tapert and the movie's star Bruce Campbell. 

De Laurentiis also produced the first Hannibal Lecter movie "Manhunter" (1986), "Hannibal" (2001) and "Red Dragon" (2002), a remake of "Manhunter". He also produced "Hannibal Rising" (2007).

In 2001 he received the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

Laurentiis died on 10 November 2010 at his residence in Beverly Hills, California.

He had four children with his first wife, actress Silvana Mangano, who died in 1989. He later married movie producer Martha Schumacher with whom he had two daughters. One of the children from his first marriage, Raffaella De Laurentiis, is also a producer; another, Federico De Laurentiis (28 February 1955 – 15 July 1981), died at 26 in an airplane crash. His granddaughter is Giada De Laurentiis, host of "Everyday Italian", "Behind the Bash", "Giada at Home" and "Giada's Weekend Getaways" on Food Network. His nephew is Aurelio De Laurentiis, a film producer and the chairman of SSC Napoli football club.

Selected filmography from 1965 to the present.


Ferdinando de' Medici, Grand Prince of Tuscany

Ferdinando de' Medici, Grand Prince of Tuscany (9 August 1663 – 31 October 1713) was the son of Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany and Marguerite Louise d'Orléans. Ferdinando was heir to the Grand Duchy of Tuscany, with the title Grand Prince from his father's accession in 1670 until his death in 1713. He married Violante Beatrice of Bavaria in 1689 but the marriage remained childless. He died of syphilis aged 50. 

His older brother Gian Gastone de' Medici, then became Grand Prince and later was the Grand Duke of Tuscany.


Supernatural (American TV series)

Supernatural is an American horror, drama, fantasy, fiction TV series created by Eric Kripke. It first aired on September 13, 2005 on The WB and now it is part of The CW series. The show stars Jared Padalecki as Sam Winchester and Jensen Ackles as Dean Winchester. The show follows the two brothers (Sam and Dean) as they hunt demons and other figures of the paranormal, but not Bigfoot and aliens. The series is produced by the Warner Bros. Company with the help of Wonderland Sound and Vision. The current executive producers are Eric Kripke and McG, who also directs, and Robert Singer. The fourth producer, Kim Manners died of cancer in the production of the fourth season.


Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany

Cosimo III de' Medici (14 August 1642 – 31 October 1723) was the penultimate Grand Duke of Tuscany. He reigned from 1670 to 1723, and was the elder son of Grand Duke Ferdinando II of Tuscany. Cosimo's fifty long reign, the longest in Tuscan history, was marked by a series of regulatory laws. His reign also saw Tuscany's bad finances become even worse. He was succeeded by his elder surviving son, Gian Gastone de' Medici, when he died, in 1723. 

He married Marguerite Louise d'Orléans, a cousin of Louis XIV. It was a bad marriage and Marguerite Louise eventually left Tuscany to remain at the Convent of Montmartre in Paris. Together, they had 3 children. In later life, he tried to have Anna Maria Luisa recognised as heiress of Tuscany, but Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor, would not allow it. Tuscany passed it to the House of Lorraine in 1737.

Cosimo III had three children with Marguerite Louise d'Orléans, a granddaughter of Henry IV of France:


Cosimo III's official style was "Cosimo the Third, By the Grace of God, Grand Duke of Tuscany."

Gian Gastone de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany

Gian Gastone de' Medici (24 May 1671 – 9 July 1737) was the last Medici Grand Duke of Tuscany. He was the second son of Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany and Marguerite Louise d'Orléans. His sister, Anna Maria Luisa de' Medici, the Electress Palatine, married him to Anna Maria Franziska of Saxe-Lauenburg in 1697. The two remained childless and it was common knowledge that Gian Gastone was homosexual. Gian Gastone succeeded his father as Grand Duke in 1723.

In his reign he reversed all his father's laws and stopped taxes for poorer people, repealed (got rid of) the anti-Jewish laws and stopped public executions. His father, Cosimo III, wanted the his sister to succeed him but Spain, Great Britain, Austria and the Dutch Republic disregarded and made Charles III of Spain his heir. Charles changed his claim to Francis III of Lorraine. Francis then became the Grand Duke on 9 July 1737 ending almost 300 years of Medici rule over Florence.


Marguerite Louise d'Orléans

Marguerite Louise d'Orléans (28 July 1645 – 17 September 1721) was Grand Duchess of Tuscany, as the wife of Grand Duke Cosimo III de' Medici. Deprived of her lover, Charles V of Lorraine, Marguerite Louise despised her husband and his family, whom she often quarrelled with and falsely suspected of attempting to poison her. Marguerite Louise reconciled with the Medici on more than one occasion, however, only to promptly resume hostilities.

Having become Grand Duke of Tuscany upon his father's death, in 1670, Cosimo III, under the sway of his mother, Vittoria della Rovere, refused to grant Marguerite Louise entry to the Privy Council. Thus without political influence, Marguerite Louise sorted the education of her eldest son, Grand Prince Ferdinando. Two more children followed: Anna Maria Luisa, Electress Palatine, and Gian Gastone, the last Medici Grand Duke of Tuscany.

In June 1675, Marguerite Louise was allowed to return to France to live in a convent in Paris. She was a daughter of Gaston de France, Duke of Orléans. Although the contract, banned her from leaving the convent, Marguerite Louise often went to her cousin Louis XIV's court at Versailles. She was at the centre of many scandals at the convent, including an attempt to burn it down, which greatly irritated her husband, who, despite the separation, took great interest in Marguerite Louise's life. While still technically married, Marguerite Louise had several affairs.



Anna Maria Luisa de' Medici

Anna Maria Luisa de' Medici (11 August 1667 – 18 February 1743) was the last of the House of Medici. A patron of the arts, she gave the Medici's large art collection (including the contents of the Uffizi, Palazzo Pitti and Medici villas) which she inherited upon her brother Gian Gastone’s death in 1737, and her Palatine treasures to the Tuscan state, on the condition that none of it be removed.
Anna Maria Luisa was the only daughter of Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany, and Marguerite Louise d'Orléans, a niece of Louis XIII of France. On her marriage to Elector Johann Wilhelm II, she became Electress Palatine, and, patronised a lot of musicians. As Johann Wilhelm had syphilis, the union with Anna Maria Luisa produced no children. In 1713 Cosimo III altered the Tuscan laws of succession to allow the accession of his daughter, and spent his final years canvassing the European powers to agree to recognise this statute. However, in 1735, as part of a territorial arrangement, the European powers appointed Francis Stephen of Lorraine as heir, and he duly ascended the Tuscan throne in her stead. After the death of Johann Wilhelm, Anna Maria Luisa returned to Florence, where she enjoyed the rank of first lady until the accession of her brother Gian Gastone de' Medici, who banished her to the Villa La Quiete.

When Gian Gastone died in 1737, Francis Stephen's envoy offered Anna Maria Luisa the position of regent of Tuscany but she declined. Her death, in 1743, brought the House of Medici to an end.

Ferdinando II de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany

Ferdinando II de' Medici (14 July 1610 – 23 May 1670) was Grand Duke of Tuscany from 1621 to 1670. He was the eldest child of Cosimo II de' Medici and Maria Maddalena of Austria. His 49-year rule saw the Medici Bank fail. 
He married Vittoria della Rovere, with whom he had two children: Cosimo III de' Medici, his eventual successor, and Francesco Maria de' Medici, a Prince of the Church.



Political parties in the United States

In the United States of America, there has usually only been two main political parties. But there are many different factions with varying viewpoints within the two main parties. Since the 1860s, the two main parties have been the Republican Party and the Democratic Party. Currently, the Republican Party has the most seats in the House of Representatives while the Democrats have the most seats in the Senate. The Vice President, a Democrat, holds a tie breaking vote in the United States Senate.

The United States currently has two major political parties: the Democrats and the Republicans. But there are other parties that aren't as represented in the United States government and are usually underfunded or misrepresented. Usually these smaller parties aren’t as well known, which makes it difficult for them to win elections. The major parties have a duopoly, meaning that they share almost all the political power in the country. Most constitutional republic countries have more than two parties.

The three largest parties aside from the two main political parties are the Libertarian Party, Green Party of the United States, and the Constitution Party in respective order.

The Democratic Party was started in 1828 as a pro-slavery party and the first President was Andrew Jackson in 1829. However, through the economic resurgence after the Great Depression in the 1930s and 1940s, as well as the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s, the Democratic party became a proponent of racial equality. Many 20th century United States Presidents such as Woodrow Wilson, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Harry S. Truman, John F. Kennedy, Lyndon Johnson, Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton and 21st century presidents such as Barack Obama and Joe Biden are Democrats. They have 48 out of 100 seats in the U.S. Senate (independents caucusing with the democratic party hold two seats in the U.S. senate) and 222 out of 435 seats in the House of Representatives. 24 out of 50 state governors are also Democrats. The party generally promotes liberalism and is often classed as a center-left to left-wing party. Currently, the party has 60 million registered voters across America.

The party's philosophy of modern liberalism advocates social and economic equality. It seeks to provide government intervention and regulation in the economy. These interventions, such as the introduction of social programs, anti-gun laws, support for labor unions, affordable college tuitions, moves toward universal health care and equal opportunity, consumer protection and environmental protection form the core of the party's economic policy.

The Republican Party was started in 1854 as an anti-slavery party and its first President was Abraham Lincoln in 1861. Others include Ulysses S. Grant, Benjamin Harrison, Theodore Roosevelt, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, George W. Bush and Donald Trump. In the Nixon years, there was a shift to appeal to the implicit racial biases of white voters that did not like the civil rights movement of the 1960's in what is called the southern strategy. This strategy created the appearance of equity while ignoring minorities in the process. 26 out of 50 states have a Republican governor. It has around 55 million registered voters across America. Currently, the Republican Party is identified as conservative.

The party philosophy centers around social and economic independence, and a capitalist economic system. It is also known for its anti-abortion efforts, pro-gun laws, anti-regulatory policy, and reduction of government intervention in the economy as well as being in support of privatized health care. The party believes in lower taxes, less social programs, and personal liberty.

There are over 420 registered political parties in the United States of America, with many different blends of political viewpoints. However, there are only two nationally recognized political parties, the Republicans and Democrats. Most of the other parties fall under those two political parties with variations, or under other ideological umbrellas, like Progressive, Libertarian, Conservative, Socialist, Communist, etc. They are either underfunded or under supported and highly suppressed. Nearly 44% of politically active citizens prefer to identify as Independent because of this suppression. It is less common to achieve political influence in modern government functions, but some lawmakers such as Joe Lieberman may retire their parties with their careers.

Famous examples include:




PQ: Practical Intelligence Quotient

PQ, meaning "Practical Intelligence Quotient", or "Intelligent License" in Japan, is a video game that measures your intelligence through 3-D puzzles involving everyday objects. The player tries to reach the pillar of light at the end of the level while avoiding obstacles and traps.

A game has 10 stages, which have 10 levels each. The light at the end of a level is your destination. Obstacles and traps try to fail you your way to the goal at the same time. 

In the game, the player can practice their skills in the levels with no worries about time.

Five basic steps to help you play the game.

The game received fairly good reviews from critics. For example the game was given a 69 on Metacritic and a 7.4/10 on Gamespot, as well as a 71% on GameRankings Aggregation.

A sequel was released for the game in 2007. It was or Intelligent License 2 and worked pretty much the same, but had a puzzle creator.


St. Anne's Catholic Secondary School

St. Anne's Catholic Secondary School is a Catholic high school in Clinton, Ontario, Canada. It is known for it's sports teams and good marks. It serves students from grades nine to twelve. The motto of St. Anne's is "in alis aquilae" which is Latin for "on eagle's wings". This motto comes from the Bible (the Book of Isaiah, Chapter 40).

St. Anne's was built in the town of Clinton, Ontario. When the school opened only 139 students went there. The students came from Huron County. In 2009, 600 people went there. The school was built to provide a French and faith-based education. St. Anne's is the only French-Immersion Catholic school in the county.

The school board is the Huron-Perth Catholic District School Board (HPCDSB).

St. Anne's is a uniform school, the only in the region and school board. The uniform consists of what a teen would normally wear, however the clothes are either plaid, navy, burgundy, kaki or white.

St. Anne's is a Catholic school. Most students are Roman Catholics, however students of other religions are allowed and welcome in the school. All students must take a religion course each school year. To graduate, students need four religion credits. This course is offered in French Immersion.

St. Anne's has many sports teams and clubs. The most popular team are the boy's rugby and hockey teams. Girls' teams consists of the popular field hockey and rugby teams.

St. Anne's sports teams include:

St. Anne's has numerous clubs and groups. They include:

St. Anne's also has a Student Cabinet. Elections are held in the spring. Student Cabinet is in charge projects like dances and fundraisers. Each member of Student Cabinet has their own job relating to their elected position.


List of political parties in Italy

In Italy, there is a multi-party system. This means that it is unlikely for any one party to gain a majority in the Italian parliament and so coalitions between several parties must be formed.

Major parties are parties with representation in the Italian parliament.

Brothers of Italy ("Fratelli d'Italia") - A right-wing to far-right party that promotes national conservatism and right-wing populism. It's leader is Giorgia Meloni, who has been Prime Minister of Italy since 22 October 2022.

Five Star Movement ("Movimento 5 Stelle") - A party that promotes populism, environmentalism and direct democracy. It's leader, Giuseppe Conte, was a former Italian Prime Minister.

Democratic Party ("Partito Democratico") - A centre-left party that promotes social democracy.

Northern League ("Lega Nord") - A right-wing federalist party which wants to make the region of Italy called Padania an independent country.

Forza Italia - A centre-right conservative party.

Action ("Azione") - A centrist and liberal party.

Italy Alive ("Italia Viva") - A centrist and liberal party.

Green Europe ("Europa Verde") - A left-wing green party.

Italian Left ("Sinistra Italiana") - A left-wing democratic socialist and eco-socialist party.

South Tyrolean People's Party ("Südtiroler Volkspartei" (German language)) - A regionalist political party in South Tyrol, an autonomous province with a German-speaking majority in northern Italy.

Having a minor representation in elective bodies with less than 4% of the vote in the 2008 general election:


Henriette Adelaide of Savoy

Henriette Adelaide of Savoy (6 November 1636 - 13 June 1676) was the wife of the Elector of Bavaria Ferdinand Maria. She had much influence and with her husband did much to improve the Electorate of Bavaria, her adopted country. She was a daughter of Victor Amadeus I, Duke of Savoy.

She was the older of twins. Her twin sister was Catherine Beatrice of Savoy. Her mother was Christine of France, daughter of Henry IV of France and Marie de' Medici. Christine was regent for her brother Charles Emmanuel II. 

On 8 December 1650 she married Ferdinand Maria, future Elector of Bavaria. The next year Ferdinand Maria became Elector, when his father Maximilian died. Henriette Adelaide had a lot of influence on Bavarian politics, in favor of France. This led to her eldest daughter marrying the Grand Dauphin in 1680. She also had a great part in the building of Nymphenburg Palace and the Theatinerkirche.


Mariana Victoria of Spain

Mariana Victoria of Spain (31 March 1718 – 15 January 1781) sometimes Maria Anna Victoria was an "Infanta of Spain" by birth and was later the Queen of Portugal as wife of King Joseph I. The eldest daughter of Philip V of Spain and Elisabeth Farnese. Under the influence of the Duke of Bourbon she was engaged to the young Louis XV of France at the age of seven. Rejected due to her age, the marriage never took place and she was sent back to Spain. In 1729 she was married to the son of John V of Portugal. Her husband became the King on 31 July 1750. The mother of Maria I of Portugal she also acted as regent of Portugal during the last months of her husbands life and acted as advisor to her daughter in her reign.

Under the influence of the Duke of Bourbon she was engaged to the young King Louis XV of France at the age of seven when she moved to the Palace of Versailles and was placed in the care of the Dowager Princess of Conti. Eventually due to her age she was unable to have children and was sent back to Spain in 1729. This caused a rift between the royal courts of Spain and France. 



María Teresa Rafaela of Spain

Infanta Maria Teresa of Spain ("María Teresa Antonia Rafaela"; 11 June 1726 – 22 July 1746) was an "Infanta of Spain" by birth and was later the wife of Louis of France, Dauphin of France, son of King Louis XV. She died during childbirth aged 20, She gave birth to a daughter who died at two years of age leaving the Dauphine with no surviving descendants. She used the names ""Marie Thérèse"" ("see right") 

She was the second daughter of Philip V of Spain and Elisabeth Farnese. Baptised with the names María Teresa Antonia Rafaela, she was known as "María Teresa". She was engaged to Louis Ferdinand, Dauphin of France, son of Louis XV of France. The official marriage took place at the Palace of Versailles on 23 February 1745. The marriage was an idea to try and better relations between France and Spain after Louis XV had not married Mariana Victoria of Spain, María Teresa Rafaela's older sister. 

On 19 July 1746, "Marie Thérèse Raphaëlle" (as she was known in France) gave birth to a daughter before dying herself on 22 July at Versailles. The child died in 1748. Her husband married again to Princess Maria Josepha of Saxony and was the mother of Louis XVI of France. She was buried at the Royal Basilica of Saint Denis outside Paris. 



Maria Antonia of Spain

Maria Antonia of Spain (María Antonia Fernanda; 17 November 1729 – 19 September 1785) was an Infanta of Spain and the youngest daughter of Philip V of Spain and Elisabeth Farnese. She was the wife of Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia whom she married in 1750. She was the mother of the last three mainline Kings of Sardinia. In Italy she is known as Maria Antonietta but sometimes known "incorrectly" as Maria Ferdinanda. Her name was Maria Antonia Fernanda. 
She married the future Victor Amadeus III officially on 31 May 1750. The couple were very happy and had 12 children.



Cleisthenes

Cleisthenes was a noble Athenian of the Alcmaeonid family. He reformed the constitution of Athens, and set it on a democratic footing in 508/7 BC. For these accomplishments, historians refer to him as "the father of Athenian democracy". He also increased the power of the Assembly, and he broke up power of the Athenian nobility.

With help from the his clan, he overthrew Hippias the tyrant (dictatorial ruler). After the collapse of Hippias' tyranny, Isagoras and Cleisthenes were rivals for power. Isagoras won the upper hand by appealing to the Spartan king Cleomenes I to help him expel Cleisthenes.

So Cleisthenes left Athens as an exile, and Isagoras held power in the city. Isagoras uprooted hundreds of people from their homes on the pretext that they were cursed, and attempted to dissolve the Council (βουλή, boulé). However, the Council resisted, and the Athenian people declared their support of it. Hence Isagoras and his supporters were forced to flee to the Acropolis, remaining besieged there for two days. On the third, they fled and were banished. Cleisthenes was subsequently recalled, along with hundreds of exiles, and he assumed leadership of Athens.

Death (personification)

Father Death is a personificated creature that exists in a lot of societies all over history. In English Death is usually given the name "Smert the Grim Reaper" or "King Samhain of Terrors", and from the 15th century to now, the Grim Reaper is shown as a human skeleton holding a scythe and clothed with a black cloak with a hood. It is also given the name "Azrael HaMal'ach HaMavett" (), which appeared in the Bible, or "God-is-Helpful the Angel of Death".

In some beliefs, the Grim Reaper can cause the death of the victim, that created legends that he can be bribed, tricked and make deals to keep the life of someone. In other beliefs, the Grim Reaper guides the dead to the next world, without the knowing of the dead.

In Ancient Greek, the Greeks saw death as good. He is often shown as a bearded, winged man or a young, winged, boy. Death, or Thanatos, is the opposite of Life. Death is represented as a male, and life as a female. He is the twin brother of Hypnos, the god of Sleep.He is discripted as gentle, he escorts the dead to the Underworld, Hades.Then he hands the dead to Charon, who mans a boat that carries the dead to the underworld, through the river Styx. Thanatos' sisters, Keres, were the spirits of violent death, they were connected with deaths from battle, disease, accident, and murder. They were portrayed as evil, they were feeding on the body of the dead, after the soul was escorted to the Hades. They had fangs, talons, and would be dressed in bloody jewels.

In Ancient Roman mythology, Death was known as "Mors", of which was the Roman equivalent of the Greek god Thanatos and the Hindu goddess Mara. Though the Latin noun for "death", "mors", is of feminine gender, the surviving ancient Roman art is not known to depict Death as a woman.

The Welsh portrayed death as Angeu, and for the Bretons it was Ankou, they were the same one. He appeared as a man with a black robe, sometimes carrying a scythe, riding a cart which he collected the dead on it.

In Scottish folklore there was a belief that a mystic black, dark green or white dog known as "Cù Sìth" took dying souls to the afterlife. Comparable figures also exist in Irish and Welsh stories.

In Poland, Death, or "Śmierć", has an appearance that is similar to the our modern Grim Reaper, but instead of a black robe, he wears a White robe.

Lithuanians call death "Giltinė", from the word "gelti" (to sting). Giltinė was shown as an old, ugly, woman with a long blue nose and a poisonous tongue. The legend tells that Giltinė was young, pretty and communicative until she was trapped in a coffin for seven years. The goddess of death was a sister of the goddess of life and destiny, "Laima", symbolizing the relationship between beginning and end.

Latvians named Death "Veļu māte", from a word meaning "mother".

After it, the Lituanians and Latvians adopted the classical Grim Reaper with the black cloak and the scythe.

In Hindu texts, the lord of death is called Yama. Yama rides a black buffalo and carries a rope to take the dead to his prison. There are many form of Reapers, they are his agents. They are called "Yamaduts". There, all the man good and bad are stored in an kind of archive. Then Yama take the records out and decides where the soul will be set in the next life, according to the Reincarnation of Hinduism. Yama is also mentioned in the Mahabharata as a philosopher and a devotee of Brahman.

Our Lady of the Holy Death ("Santa Muerte") is a female deity or folk saint of Mexican folk religion, whose popularity has been growing in Mexico and the United States in recent years. La Calavera Catrina, a character symbolizing death, is also an icon of the Mexican Day of the Dead. San La Muerte ("Saint Death") is a skeletal folk saint venerated in Paraguay, northeast Argentina, and southern Brazil. In the Brazilian religion Umbanda, the orixá Omolu personifies sickness and death as well as healing. The figure of the death is also associated with Exu, the "lord of the crossroads", who rules cemeteries and the hour of midnight.

In Meitei mythology (Manipuri mythology), death is personified with multiple deities, including Thongalel, the ruler of the underworld and the god of the death, along with his wives. In the underworld kingdom, he administers the souls of the death, either to resend them or to bring a new one to and from the human world. At these tasks, he is assisted by Thongak Lairembi and Khamnung Kikoi Louonbi. The underworld kingdom is called ""Khamnung kingdom"" and its capital city, ""Khamnung Sawa"" is in the middle of the river ""Ashi Turel"", which has only a single bridge made up of a thread. This should be crossed over by only those souls who do not commit suicide during their earthly life. Else, one has to struck over inside the underworld kingdom but outside the capital city ""Khamnung Sawa"", which is, of course, a painstaking life too for the souls.

In the Kojiki, after giving birth to the fire god, "Kagu-tsuchi", Izanami dies from wounds of its fire and enters the perpetual night realm called Yomi-no-kuni (the underworld) that the gods retire to and where Izanagi, her husband, travels to in a failed attempt to reclaim her. He discovers his wife as not-so beautiful anymore, and, in a brief argument afterwards between them, she promises to take a thousand lives every day, signifying her position as the goddess of death. 

There are also death gods called "shinigami" (死神, "death gods", "death spirits"), which are closer to the Western tradition of the Grim Reaper; while common in modern Japanese arts and fiction, they were essentially absent in traditional mythology.

Memitim is a type of angel from the Bible that is connected to the death of the humans. The words is from the Hebrew language ממיתים (English:Killers). They are mentioned to kill the people that their guardian angel no longer protects them. There is some debate about the nature of the Memitim among biblical scholars, but it is accepted that, as described in the Book of Job 33:22, they are killers of some kind.

According to the Midrash, the Angel of Death was created by God in the first day of the creation. His house is in Heaven.He has twelve wings."Over all people have I surrendered thee the power," said God to the Angel of Death, "only not over this one which has received freedom from death through the Law".It said that the angel of death is full of eyes. In the time of the death, he stands over the dying one, and waiting for the man to see him. When the dying finally sees him, he drops a gall to the dying's mouth and that is what kills him finally The expression "to taste of death" originated in the idea that death was caused by a drop of gall.

The Angel of Death, who is identified by some with Satan, right after the creation has a dispute with God about the light of the Messiah. When Eve touched the tree of knowledge, the Angel of Death talked to her, and she thought:"Now I shall die, and God will create another wife for Adam". Adam also talked to the Angel of Death. The Angel of Death sits before the face of the dead. While Abraham was mourning, for Sarah the angel appeared to him, which explains why "Abraham stood up from before his death". Samael told Sarah that Abraham had sacrificed Isaac in spite of his wailing, and Sarah died of horror and grief. It was Moses who most often had dealings with the angel. At the resistance of Korah, Moses saw him.

In Islam there is the Archangel of Death, named Azrael. In the Qur'an, he is not mentioned by this name, but by "Mal'akkh al Mut" (Arabic: ملاك الموت, "Angel of Death"). He is also descripted in old Hebrew texts as Azrael, the Angel of Death. He is also called Azrael in early Christian texts.

Menzies Campbell

Walter Menzies "Ming" Campbell, Baron Campbell of Pittenweem (born 22 May 1941 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a British politician and retired sprinter. He was the leader of the Liberal Democrats from March 2006 to October 2007. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of North East Fife and the Chancellor of the University of St Andrews.

Between 1967 and 1974, Menzies Campbell held the British record for the 100 metres sprint as he was able to do it in 10.2 seconds. He was also the captain of the Great Britain athletics team between 1965 and 1966. In 1975, Campbell became the Chairman of the Scottish Liberals and was elected as an MP at the 1987 General Election. He became the Liberal Democrat's chief spokesperson on foreign affairs and defence in 1992 and became the Liberal Democrat's deputy leader in 2003. He was elected leader of the Liberal Democrats in March 2006 but had to resign in October 2007 and was replaced by Nick Clegg.

Campbell married Elspeth, Lady Grant-Suttie, daughter of Major General Roy Urquhart, in June 1970. The couple have no children. Lady Campbell has a child from her previous marriage. She died in June 2023.

Monocalcium phosphate

Monocalcium phosphate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Ca(HPO). It contains phosphate, calcium, and hydrogen ions.

Monocalcium phosphate is a colorless solid. It dissolves a little in water to make an acidic solution. It is made by replacing one of the hydrogen ions in phosphoric acid with a calcium ion. 

It is made by reacting calcium phosphate rock with sulfuric acid. This makes monocalcium phosphate.

It is used in baking powder. When it is dissolved in water, it makes an acidic solution which reacts with the sodium bicarbonate to make carbon dioxide. The carbon dioxide makes it rise. It is also used in fertilizers.


Dicalcium phosphate

Dicalcium phosphate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CaHPO. It contains calcium, hydrogen, and phosphate ions.

Dicalcium phosphate is a white solid. It does not dissolve in water. It can be thought of as phosphoric acid where two of the hydrogen ions are replaced with calcium ions.

It can be made by reacting phosphoric acid with calcium hydroxide. It can also be made by reacting sulfuric acid with a certain amount of tricalcium phosphate.

It is used in fertilizers. It is also used in vitamin tablets. It is used to make sure chickens get calcium.


Toonzai

Toonzai was a group of cartoons broadcast on Saturday morning on The CW. It was first broadcast on August 14, 2010. It used to be named The CW4Kids. The programs were broadcast on weekday afternoons. 

The block is programmed by 4Kids Entertainment. They also programmed the 4Kids TV on Fox until December 2008. 4Kids also indicated that it will retain "Yu-Gi-Oh!" and "Sonic X" in its lineup, along with adding "Dragon Ball Z Kai", a redone version of "Dragon Ball Z" from Funimation Entertainment that is shared with Nicktoons.

Family Guy: Season 10 Episode 2

In most markets, most affiliates use the network's current Saturday morning schedule. Some, such as Atlanta's WUPA-TV broadcast the block on Sundays. This is usually done because the stations were at one time UPN affiliates and UPN did not have children's television programming on Saturday mornings. Former WB affiliate WCCT-TV in Hartford airs the first three hours of the block on Saturday mornings and the last two hours on Sunday mornings to make room for their own programing.

KMYS in San Antonio, currently the newest CW affiliate has decided to air the block during early Sunday morning and early Monday morning (split into a two-hour and three-hour block) airing before 5am due to its previous commitment of airing Fox's "Weekend Marketplace" infomercial block on Saturday mornings (a holdover from its MyNetworkTV affiliation), along with already existing religious and paid programming on Sunday mornings; this by default will force most younger viewers of the block in that market to record it overnight for later viewing.

All times Pacific. Actual times may vary, depending on affiliate.





John Smith (Labour Party leader)

John Smith (13 September 1938 – 12 May 1994) was a British politician who was the leader of the Labour Party from July 1992 until his death from a heart attack. 

John Smith was born in the Scottish town of Dalmally in Argyll and Bute. He became a Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP) at the 1970 General Election for the constituency of North Lanarkshire (Monklands East from 1983). In 1978, he was given a cabinet post however lost this after Labour's defeat at the 1979 General Election. He continued in the shadow cabinet until 1992, when Labour leader Neil Kinnock resigned and Smith was elected leader. During Smith's time as leader, opinion polls showed that Labour were becoming more likely to win an election than the Conservatives.

On 12 May 1994 in London, Smith died of a heart attack and was buried on the Scottish isle of Iona. Tony Blair replaced Smith as Labour leader on 21 July 1994.

Serie C

Serie C is the third highest division of Football in Italy after the Serie A and Serie B. It has its headquarters in Florence. In the past, it also had a club from San Marino in it. The league in the past was divided as Lega Pro Prima Divisione and Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. However, it was combined as only one division: Serie C, in 2017. It was originally founded as the Serie C in 1935, rebranded in 2014 to Lega Pro, and then rebranded again to Serie C in 2017.

Stopping power

Stopping power is a way to measure how powerful a firearm is. Stopping power is a measure of how quickly the gun kills an animal, for instance. Many large animals are not killed after being shot with an ordinary gun and can do damage before they die. Elephant guns, which have much more stopping power, are used to kill the large animal quickly.

TERGV

The TERGV (for "Regional Express Train on high-speed line") is a model to run trains in Nord-Pas-de-Calais. The idea is to run regional trains on lines constructed for "express trains", instead of the "classic lines". This works only in the case that the high-speed line is used only rarely. Running regional trains on such lines slows down the express trains, and costs more than running them on the classic lines. Despite these problems, the concept is very promising for distances between 100 and 200 km. 

There are currently two lines that operate in this manner:
To use these connections, an extra fee must be paid, which is three euros, per day. Another line, Lille to Arras has been opened. This line does not require the extra fee, and has proved very successful. 

Blake Clark

Blake Clark (born February 2, 1946) is an American actor and comedian whose trademark is a raspy voice similar to Jim Varney.
He is perhaps best known as Farmer Fran in "The Waterboy". His other known role is as the voice of Slinky Dog in "Toy Story 3", replacing Varney who died in 2000 (and, according to John Lasseter, Clark sounds an "awful lot like him"). It was revealed that Clark and Varney had known each other for a long time.
Clark is also a prolific actor, frequently cast in Adam Sandler movies.

Clark was born in Macon, Georgia. He graduated from LaGrange College in 1969 with a degree in the performing arts.
A decorated Infantry Platoon Leader in the Vietnam War, Clark brought the plight of the Vietnam Veteran to the people of America in a humorous way in the 80's and was adopted by numerous Veteran Organizations throughout the United States. His personal quote is "I was born and raised in Georgia and fought in Vietnam. It was like being punished for the same thing twice. In fact, I used to have flashbacks "in" Vietnam."
Having moved from his home state of Georgia to Hollywood, Clark soon landed his first "Tonight Show with Johnny Carson" and soon thereafter, was cast in his first of many recurring roles on Television as Fred the Chauffeur on "Remington Steele". Since then, he has been Harry, Tim Taylor's friend on "Home Improvement"; Jules, the next-door neighbor on "The Drew Carey Show"; Chet Hunter, Sean's father on "Boy Meets World", and Bob the womanizing boss on "The Jamie Foxx Show". And he recently received critical acclaim as Drew Barrymore's father in the hit movie, "50 First Dates". He also acted as an umpire in the 2006 movie "The Benchwarmers". He even came out in the 2008 movie "Get Smart", starring Steve Carell and Anne Hathaway.
Clark has traveled the world doing comedy and recently went to Iraq for an extended USO Tour with Drew Carey. He is a warm, intelligent, funny, and innovative social commentator with a quiet patriotism that he lives as well as portrays. His comedy runs the gamut from observation on the current military conflict to his Southern root in Georgia. He is a man of all seasons.
He has also made special appearances in "Politically Incorrect, Memorial Day, 2001", "Redneck Comedy Roundup", "Redneck Comedy Roundup 2", "Campus Movie Network", "Mancow's Morning Madhouse", "Waste Watch Journal", and others as well.

Clark is a single father with one adopted son; Travis Clark, who is also a comedian.


 


Planet of the Apes (1968 movie)

Planet of the Apes is an American science fiction movie released in 1968 and directed by Franklin J. Schaffner. It was based on the novel "La planète des singes" written by Pierre Boulle and released in 1963. The movie stars Charlton Heston and features Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Maurice Evans, James Whitmore, James Daly, and Linda Harrison. It was released by 20th Century Fox.

The film's story is about an astronaut crew who leave Earth on a deep space mission and crash land on a supposedly alien planet in the 40th century. Ony three out of the four crew members survive the crash and the survivors find the world to be home to a society of apes; including chimpanzees, gorillas and orangutans. These apes have the intelligence of human beings as well as the ability to speak and walk upright like humans. Humans in this society are treated like slaves and live in the wilderness without the ability to speak. At the end of the movie, one of the crew members finds the Statue of Liberty and realizes they were on Earth all along.

Planet of the Apes was a box office success, meaning it earned a good amount of money and got highly favourable reviews from critics. The movie was given praise for exploring ideas such as class differences, religion, slavery, racism, and nuclear technology. It was followed by four sequels: "Beneath the Planet of the Apes" (1970), "Escape from the Planet of the Apes" (1971), "Conquest of the Planet of the Apes" (1972), and "Battle for the Planet of the Apes" (1973). A live action television show was shown in 1974 and an animated television show called "Return to the Planet of the Apes" came out in 1975. The animated cartoon The Fairly Oddparents episode Abra-Catastrophe has a segment where humans are slave cavemen and the apes are their overlords. 

In 2001, a remake of the movie was made directed by Tim Burton and starred Mark Wahlberg, Helena Bonham Carter and Tim Roth. In August 2011, the series was rebooted with "Rise of the Planet of the Apes". This was followed in 2014 with "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" with a 2017 sequel released "War of the Planet of the Apes".

Small business

A small business, sometimes called a mom and pop store by some in the United States, is a business that is privately owned and operated. They have a small number of employees and do not sell many things. Whether or not the law says that a business is "small" is different in different countries and industries.

Small businesses are common in many countries. Some examples include: convenience stores, other small shops (such as a bakery), hairdressers, tradesmen, lawyers, accountants, restaurants, guest houses, photographers, small-scale manufacturing, and online business, such as web design and programming.

A small business can be started at a very low cost. It also does not need to be open all the time.

Independence is another good thing about owning a small business. Being able to operate by themselves is a good thing for small business owners. Small business owners can make their own decisions about what they want to do with their company. However, entrepreneurs often must work very long hours and understand that their customers are their bosses.

Many organizations in the United States also give help to small businesses, such as the Internal Revenue Service's Small Business and Self-Employed One-Stop Resource.

Small businesses often face a lot of problems because of their size.

In the United States, some of the largest concerns of small business owners are insurance costs, high energy costs and taxes.

Another problem for several small businesses is the fact that much larger businesses can influence their chances for success.

Hydration

Hydration is the adding of water molecules to a chemical substance. The anhydrous (without water) form and the hydrated (with water) form can be quite different. The hydrated form is called a "hydrate". For example, anhydrous tin(IV) chloride is a liquid, while the pentahydrate (with 5 water molecules) is a solid. Anhydrous copper sulfate is white or light green, while the hydrated form is blue. Anhydrous cobalt(II) chloride is blue, while the hydrated form is red. Anhydrous copper(II) chloride is brown, while the dihydrate is green.

The number of water molecules for each atom is given by a prefix. Mono- means 1, di- means 2, tri- means 3, tetra- means 4, penta- means 5, hexa- means 6, hepta- means 7, octo- means 8, nona- means 9, deca- means 10.

Pocket Ref

Pocket Ref is a small book that contains various information including tips, tables, maps, science facts, weather information, and so on. It is in a small shape that is made to fit in a pocket. It is written by Thomas J. Glover and published by Sequoia Publishing, Inc.

Rival Lovers

Rival Lovers is a dialogue that was thought to have been written by Plato. In Rival Lovers, Socrates is the main character who asks questions.

Art movement

An art movement, or "ism", is a style in art. It may have a common philosophy, followed by a group of artists. It may be a label given by a critic to describe a type of artwork. It is typical of the post-photography era that art explores new directions.

Some art movements can be pinned down to a time and place, or to particular artists. Verbal explanation of movements may come from the artists themselves, sometimes in the form of an art manifesto (published statement). Quite often, a movement is labelled afterwards by some art historian or critic.

Art movements may be connected to similar ideas in architecture, literature, philosophy or even politics. In rough date order:


Stratford

Stratford is an inner-city area of east London which hosted the 2012 London Olympics. Stratford is in the London Borough of Newham.

Leah

The name Leah [ lee-"uh" ] has biblical roots, and means "wild cow" in Hebrew. Leah is a timeless and exquisite moniker that has been in vogue for centuries, boasting a compelling past and profound significance. This name, derived from Hebrew roots, translates to "weary" or "tired," and has a prominent place in biblical literature, making it a beloved choice among Jewish lineages for countless generations. This name was ranked #46 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

In Genesis, the first book of the Bible, Leah is the older sister of Rachel. Leah marries Jacob and becomes the mother of six sons: Reuben, Simeon, Levi, Judah (Biblical personage), Issachar, Zebulun, and a daughter, Dinah.


Conceptual art

Conceptual art is art in which the concepts or ideas involved in the work are more important than traditional aesthetic and material concerns. Many of the works, sometimes called installations, may be constructed by anyone simply by following a set of written instructions. This method was fundamental to one of the first to appear in print:

Conceptual art even questions the nature of art. Joseph Kosuth elevated this into a definition of art itself in his early manifesto of conceptual art. 

The notion that art should examine its own nature was already part of art critic Clement Greenberg's vision of modern art during the 1950s. With the emergence of an exclusively language-based art in the 1960s, however, conceptual artists began a far more radical analysis of art than was previously done. One of the first things they questioned was the assumption that the role of the artist was to create special kinds of material objects.

Conceptual art has come to mean all contemporary art which does not use the traditional skills of painting and sculpture.


Center of mass

Center of mass or barycenter of a system is the average position of all the mass in a system.

In a rigid body, the centre of mass is always in the same place. In a loose collection the center of mass may be in space, as it is in the Solar System. Also, as planets' orbits change slightly, so will the position of the barycenter.

A simple way to understand the concept of barycenter is to push a supermarket trolley. If you hold only one corner and push, it will only go in a straight line when you push through the centre of mass. Otherwise a turning force is created. This shows that the mass acts as if it were only in one place.

The center of gravity is a closely related term. It is the point where an object can be balanced perfectly by a sharp point holding it up under the object. It is the center of mass acting in a gravitational field.

The concept of center of mass was first introduced by the ancient Greek physicist, mathematician, and engineer Archimedes of Syracuse. Archimedes showed that the torque (turning force) exerted on a lever by weights resting at various points along the lever is the same as what it would be if all of the weights were moved to a single point — their center of mass. 

Archimedes was the first person to work out ways of finding the center of mass in various objects.

The center of mass is often called the "center of gravity" because any uniform gravitational field g acts on a system as if the mass "M" of the system were concentrated at the center of mass R.

Implication

Implication may be one of these:

Marcel Duchamp

Marcel Duchamp (28 July 1887 – 2 October 1968) was a French artist whose work is most often associated with the Dadaist and Surrealist movements. Duchamp's output influenced the development of post-World War I Western art. He advised modern art collectors, such as Peggy Guggenheim and other prominent figures, thereby helping to shape the tastes of Western art during this period.

A playful man, Duchamp challenged conventional thought about artistic processes and art marketing, not so much by writing, but through subversive actions such as dubbing a urinal art and naming it "Fountain". This approach would 50 years later be called conceptual art, though he himself used the term 'ready-mades' for this idea. He produced relatively few artworks, while moving quickly through the avant-garde circles of his time.

The creative act is not performed by the artist alone; the spectator brings the work in contact with the external world by deciphering and interpreting its inner qualifications and thus adds his contribution to the creative act.

Upon his return to Paris in 1923, Duchamp was, in essence, no longer a practicing artist. Instead, he played chess, which he studied for the rest of his life to the exclusion of most other activities.

Duchamp can be seen, very briefly, playing chess with Man Ray in the short film "Entr'acte" (1924) by René Clair. During this period his fascination with chess so distressed his first wife that she glued his pieces to the board. Duchamp continued to play in the French Championships and also in the Chess Olympiads from 1928–1933, favoring hypermodern openings such as the Nimzo-Indian.

The Gaslight Anthem

The Gaslight Anthem is an American punk band from New Brunswick, New Jersey. The members are Brian Fallon (lead vocals, guitar), Alex Rosamilia (guitar, backing vocals), Alex Levine (bass guitar, backing vocals) and Benny Horowitz (drums, percussion, tambourine). They released their first album, "Sink or Swim", on XOXO Records in May 2007, and their second album, "The '59 Sound", on SideOneDummy Records in August 2008. The band's third album, "American Slang", was released on June 15, 2010.

Jean-Marie Le Pen

Jean-Marie Le Pen (born June 20, 1928) is a French politician. He was born in La Trinitié-sur-Mer, Brittany, France. He was the leader of the French National Front (FN) from 1972 until 2011, which is a far-right political party in France. He stands for immigration restrictions, the death penalty, raising incentives for homemakers, and is against the EU. He is strongly against same-sex marriage, euthanasia and abortion.

Le Pen served in the French Army from 1953 to 1957.

Jean-Marie Le Pen founded the FN in 1972 and has been its leader ever since. He became a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) in 1984 and has run for President of France five times; in 1974, 1988, 1995, 2002 and 2007. He came second in the 2002 election. Le Pen has often been considered to have xenophobic and antisemitic views and was accused of having practised torture when he fought in the Algerian War (1954-1962). He was suspended from the FN on 4 May 2015.

The youngest of his three daughters is FN leader Marine Le Pen. His granddaughter is FN MP Marion Maréchal-Le Pen.

Ascanio Sobrero

Ascanio Sobrero (12 October 1812 - 26 December 1888) was an Italian chemist, who discovered nitroglycerin in 1847. He was born in Casale, Monferrato and worked in Paris. He was made a professor of chemistry at Turino. His face was badly hurt during an experiment with nitroglycerin. He thought it was too dangerous to be of any practical use. He said that he was ashamed to have discovered something that killed people. He died in Turin, Italy.

COBRA (art movement)

COBRA (or CoBrA) was a European avant-garde movement active from 1949 to 1951. The name was coined in 1948 by Christian Dotremont from the initials of the members' home cities: Copenhagen (Co), Brussels (Br), Amsterdam (A).

COBRA was formed by Karel Appel, Constant, Corneille, Christian Dotremont, Asger Jorn, and Joseph Noiret on the 8th November 1948 in the Café Notre-Dame, Paris, with the signing of a manifesto, ""La Cause Était Entendue"" ("The Case Was Settled"), drawn up by Dotremont. Formed with a unifying doctrine of complete freedom of colour and form, as well as antipathy towards surrealism, the artists also shared an interest in Marxism as well as modernism.
Their working method was based on spontaneity and experiment, and they drew their inspiration in particular from children’s drawings, from primitive art forms and from the work of Paul Klee and Joan Miró.
Coming together as an amalgamation of the Dutch group Reflex, the Danish group Høst and the Belgian Revolutionary Surrealist Group, the group only lasted a few years but managed to achieve a number of objectives in that time; the periodical "Cobra", a series of collaborations between various members called "Peintures-Mot" and two large-scale exhibitions.
The first of these was held at the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam, November (1949), the other at the Palais des Beaux-Arts in Liège (1951).
In November 1949 the group officially changed its name to 'Internationale des Artistes Expérimentaux' with membership having spread across Europe and the USA, although this name has never stuck. The movement was officially disbanded in 1951, but many of its members remained close, with Dotremont in particular continuing collaborations with many of the leading members of the group.

The primary focus of the group consisted of semi-abstract paintings with brilliant color, violent brushwork, and distorted human figures inspired by primitive and folk art and similar to American action painting. Cobra was a milestone in the development of Tachisme and European abstract expressionism.

Participants in COBRA included:



March 0

March 0, although a nonexistent date, is often another name for the leap day February 29. People who were born on a leap day can celebrate their birthday on "March 0", but this date is technically either February 28 or March 1. It can also be used in software programs.

It can be represented as 00/03/yyyy, 03/00/yyyy or yyyy/03/00.

List of rulers of Tuscany

This is a list of rulers of Tuscany. 

The rulers of Tuscany have varied over time, sometimes being margraves, the rulers of handfuls of border counties and sometimes the heads of the most important family of the region!



Various

House of Canossa

Various

After this, Tuscany was splintered between the competing republics of Florence, Pisa, Siena, Arezzo, Pistoia and Lucca. Since the 14th century, Florence gained dominance over Pistoia (1306, officially annexed 1530), Arezzo (1384), Pisa (1406), and Siena (1559). Lucca was an independent republic until the Napoleonic period in the 19th century






"Tuscany was given to France, 1807-1814. Napoleon's sister Elisa Bonaparte was given the honorary title of "Grand Duchess of Tuscany", but did not actually rule over the region."


"Leopoldo II was driven from Tuscany by revolution from 21 February to 12 April 1849, and again on 27 April 1859. He abdicated in favor of his son, Ferdinando IV, on 21 July 1859, but Ferdinando IV was never recognised in Tuscany, and was deposed by the government on 16 August. Tuscany was annexed by Kingdom of Sardinia, on 22 March 1860"




Grand Duchy of Tuscany

The Grand Duchy of Tuscany (, ) was a monarchy in Tuscany, an area in the north-west of the Italian Peninsula. It existed, with interruptions, from 1569 to 1859. It replaced the Duchy of Florence. It was ruled by the Grand Duke of Tuscany. The capital of the grand duchy was Florence. Until the House of Lorraine took over from the Medici, Tuscany was a state of the Holy Roman Empire until the Peace of Westphalia in 1648. Under the Medici the heir to the grand ducal throne was called the "Grand Prince of Tuscany" whereas the Lorrainers used various titles for the heir apparent. 

Cosimo II de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany

Cosimo II de' Medici (12 May 1590 – 28 February 1621) was Grand Duke of Tuscany from 1609 until 1621. He was the elder son of Ferdinando I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany and Christine of Lorraine. He married Maria Magdalena of Austria and had eight children. Galileo Galilei was his childhood tutor.

For the most of his eleven-year reign, he delegated the administration of Tuscany to his ministers. He is best remembered as the patron of Galileo Galilei, his childhood tutor.

He died of tuberculosis in 1621.

Maria Magdalena and Cosimo had the following children:



Maria Magdalena of Austria

Maria Magdalena of Austria or Maria Maddalena of Austria (7 October 1589 – 1 November 1631) was Grand Duchess of Tuscany from her husband's accession in 1609 until his death in 1621. With him, she had eight children, including a duchess of Parma, a grand duke of Tuscany, and an archduchess of Further Austria. She was the youngest daughter of Charles II, Archduke of Inner Austria, and his wife Maria Anna of Bavaria. During the minority of her son, Grand Duke Ferdinando II, she and her mother-in-law Christina of Lorraine acted as regents. She died in Padua.


1230s

The 1230s were a decade that lasted from January 1, 1230 to December 31, 1239.


Margherita de' Medici

Margherita de' Medici (31 May 1612 – 6 February 1679) was Duchess of Parma and Piacenza by her marriage to Odoardo Farnese, Duke of Parma. Margherita was regent of Plaisance in 1635 and regent of the entire duchy in 1646 after the death of her husband. 

She was the fourth of eight children and the second daughter born to Cosimo II de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany and his wife Maria Magdalena of Austria. 

Margherita's siblings included Ferdinando II de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany, Cardinal Gian Carlo de' Medici, Cardinal Leopoldo de' Medici and Anna, wife of Ferdinand Charles, Archduke of Further Austria. Margherita's other siblings died in childhood or eary adulthood. 

Margherita married Odoardo Farnese, Duke of Parma on 11 October 1628. On 11 September 1646 Odoardo died. Their eldest son, Ranuccio was not yet old enough to rule the Duchy alone so Margherita acted as regent until her son was old enough to govern alone. She died in Parma on February 6 1679.


Vittoria della Rovere

Vittoria della Rovere (7 February 1622–5 March 1694) was Grand Duchess of Tuscany as the wife of Grand Duke Ferdinando II. 

She gave her husband four children, two of which would survive infancy the future Cosimo III and Francesco Maria de' Medici, Duke of Rovere and Montefeltro. She was the Duchess of Rovere and Montefeltro in her own right and these went to her youngest son when she died. She was later the guardian of her three grandchildren. Her marriage bought a lot of art treasures to the House of Medici which are today at the Palazzo Pitti Uffizi Gallery in Florence. She did not get on with her daughter in law Marguerite Louise d'Orléans. 

She was the daughter of Claudia de' Medici. She was distantly related to her husband. 


Eleonora Luisa Gonzaga

Eleanora Luisa Gonzaga (13 November 1686 – 16 March 1741) was the Duchess of Rovere and Montefeltro as the wife of Francesco Maria de' Medici. She was the only child of Vincenzo Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla and Sabbioneta and his second wife, Maria Vittoria Gonzaga. She did not bear any children and died mad. 

She married on 14 July 1709. 

Quebec Major Junior Hockey League

The Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (French: "la Ligue de hockey junior majeur du Québec", shortened as "QMJHL" in English, "LHJMQ" in French) is one of the three major junior ice hockey leagues which make up the Canadian Hockey League. Because the name of the league is so long, it is sometimes called the "Q".

There are 18 teams in the QMJHL that are in Quebec, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island in Canada. The winner of the QMJHL plays against the winners of the Western Hockey League and Ontario Hockey League for the Memorial Cup. Many good players go from the QMJHL to the National Hockey League, and nine players from the QMJHL are in the Hockey Hall of Fame.

The QMJHL was created in 1969 from two different junior leagues in Quebec, the Quebec Junior Hockey League and the Metropolitan Montreal Junior Hockey League. These two teams wanted to make a better junior league for the province, so combined teams from their leagues. Eight teams were from the QJHL and two from the MMJHL and another team came from a town in Ontario on the Ontario-Quebec border. Nearly every team was within a close distance of Montreal, the largest city in Quebec, though no team played in Montreal.

In 1972 the QMJHL finally wanted a team in Montreal, and tried to get the Montreal Junior Canadiens, who played in the Ontario Hockey Association, to join. The OHA made a deal with the QMJHL and gave them the Junior Canadiens while creating a new team in a different city to keep an OHA team with the same name.


Tsūtenkaku

The current tower is the second tower on the site. The original tower was built in 1912. The design was based on the Eiffel Tower. The tower had an cable car that connected it to a nearby amusement park called Luna Park. The original was 64 meters tall. It was the second tallest building in Asia at that time. It quickly became one of the most popular locations in the city. Visitors came from all over. 

There was a fire in 1943 which severely damaged the tower. It was not repaired. The tower was taken apart and the steel was used to make things for World War II.

After the war, citizens wanted to rebuild the popular tower. A private company called "Tsūtenkaku Kanko Co. Ltd." was set up for this purpose. They hired Tachu Naito to design it. He was nicknamed Japan's "Father of Towers". The new tower opened in 1956.

In 1957, Hitachi started putting neon sign advertisements on the tower. The advertisements have usually been changed every 5 or 6 years. Hitachi last changed the signs in 2006. New signs are scheduled for autumn 2011. The new signs will use LED lights, not neon. Other lights on the tower also show weather information.



Francesco Maria de' Medici, Duke of Rovere and Montefeltro

Francesco Maria de' Medici (12 November 1660 – 3 February 1711) was an Italian political leader, Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Duke of Rovere and Montefeltro.

Medici was born in Florence. He was the second son of Ferdinando II de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany.

In 1683 he was made governor of Siena.

In 1686, Pope Innocent XII made him a cardinal. In 1709, he was permitted to give up his role as cardinal on 14 July 1709 the same year.

In March 1694, he inherited to the Duchies of Rovere and Montefeltro.

In 1709, he married Eleonora Luisa Gonzaga.

Medici died at the Bagno a Ripoli in 1711.



2010 in the United Kingdom

This articles list major events that occurred in the United Kingdom in the year 2010.




Regurgitation

Regurgitation is the process of a human or animal letting out the food it had been digesting. Sometimes, blood can come out as well.

Regurgitation can be very important to some animals, such as birds for example. It is used by a number of species to feed their young. This is especially when the young is in its nest or home and the parent hunts for food. Or some birds can occasionally regurgitate pellets of food that is not digestable, such as bones and feathers. Owls are known to do this.

Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia

Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia (; 6 April 1875 – 20 April 1960) was a daughter of Tsar Alexander III of Russia and the elder of Tsar Nicholas II's two sisters. She married her cousin Grand Duke Alexander Mikailovich of Russia and had seven children. During her brother's reign, she lived a private life. However, when monarchy fell, she escaped Russia and lived in England.

Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna was born on 6 April 1875 at Anichkov Palace in St. Petersburg. Her mother was Empress Maria Feodorovna of Russia.

After her grandfather died, her father became the Russian king. At this time, Xenia was six years old. It was difficult political time because of terrorist threats. Alexander III moved with his family from the Winter Palace to the Gatchina Palace to protect his family.

Xenia, like her brothers, was educated by private tutors. She studied foreign languages very much. Apart from her native Russian, Xenia studied English, French, and German. Xenia also learnt how to cook and make puppets and clothes. She liked to ride, fish, draw, play gymnastics, dance, and perform the piano.

Xenia and her first cousin once removed, Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia, who would also be her husband, used to play together as friends in the 1880s. Alexander was also a friend of her brother Nicholas. In 1886, twenty year old Alexander was in the navy. Eleven year old Xenia sent him a card when his ship was in Brazil, "Best wishes and speedy return! Your sailor Xenia". In 1889, Alexander wrote of Xenia, "She is fourteen. I think she likes me."

At age 15, though Xenia and Alexander wanted to marry, her parents did not want to allow them because Xenia was too young. They were also unsure if Alexander was really very nice. The Tsarina Maria Feodorovna complained that Alexander was too proud and rude. It was not until January 1894 that Xenia's parents allowed them to engage. The couple finally wed on 6 August 1894 at Peterhof Palace. Xenia's younger sister, Olga, wrote about the joy of her the wedding, "The Emperor was so happy. It was the last time I ever saw him like that."

Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia

The Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia (, '), also called the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad, ROCA, or ROCOR) is a small part of the Russian Orthodox Church. It has over 400 parishes worldwide, and an estimated membership of over 400,000 people.

Alexei Kosygin

Alexei Nikolayevich Kosygin (; – 18 December 1980) was a Russian Political Leader who was Longest Serving Premier of the Soviet Union. He was a friend of the previous Prime Minister, Nikita Khrushchev. He and Leonid Brezhnev led the country together until he died.

Kosygin was born into a Russian working-class family consisting of his father and mother (Nikolai Ilyich and Matrona Alexandrovna) and his siblings. The family lived in Saint Petersburg. Kosygin was baptized (7 March 1904) one month after his birth. He lost his mother in infancy and was brought up by his father.

He and his father sympathized with the Revolution and Alexei was conscripted into a labour army on the Bolshevik side at the age of 14 during the Russian Civil War of 1917–1922. After demobilization from the Red Army in 1921, Kosygin attended the Leningrad Co-operative Technical School and found work in the system of consumer co-operatives in Novosibirsk, Siberia. When asked[when?] why he worked in the co-operative sector of the economy, Kosygin replied, quoting a slogan of Vladimir Lenin: "Co-operation – the path to socialism!" Kosygin stayed there for six years until Robert Eikhe personally advised him to quit, shortly before the repressions hit the Soviet consumer co-operation movement.

He applied for a membership in the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1927 and returned to Leningrad in 1930 to study at the Leningrad Textile Institute [ru]; he graduated in 1935. After finishing his studies, Kosygin worked as a foreman and later a manager in a textile mill director. He rose rapidly during the Great Purge, overseen in Leningrad by the provincial communist party boss, Andrei Zhdanov. He was appointed director of the October Textile Factory in 1937, head of the Industry and Transport department of the Leningrad provincial communist party in July 1938, and in October 1938, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Leningrad City Soviets of Working People's Deputies, ie 'mayor' of Leningrad City. In 1939, he was appointed People's Commissar for Textile and Industry and earned a seat on the Central Committee (CC). In 1940 Kosygin became a Deputy Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars.

Kosygin was appointed by the State Defence Committee to manage critically important missions during the Great Patriotic War (World War II).

As deputy chairman of the Council of Evacuation, he had the task of evacuating industry from territories about to be overrun by the Axis. Under his command 1523 factories were evacuated eastwards, as well as huge volumes of raw materials, ready-made goods and equipment. Kosygin managed clearing of congestions on the railroads in order to maintain their stable operation.

During the siege of Leningrad he was sent to his hometown to manage the construction of an ice road and a pipeline across Lake Ladoga.  This allowed evacuating some half-million people, and brought fuel to its factories and power plants. 

In 1943 Alexey Kosygin was promoted to Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars (government) of the Russian SFSR. In 1944 he was appointed to head the Currency Board of the Soviet Union.

Kosygin became a candidate member of the Politburo in 1946. During the Soviet famine of 1946–47 He headed the foodstuff relief missions to the most suffering regions. He was appointed USSR Minister for Finance in February 1948, and a full member of the Politburo on 4 September 1948, putting him among the dozen or so most ranking officials in the USSR.

Kosygin's administrative skills led Stalin to take the younger man under his wing. Stalin shared information with Kosygin, such as how much money the families of Vyacheslav Molotov, Anastas Mikoyan, and Lazar Kaganovich possessed, spent and paid their staff. (A Politburo member earned a modest salary by Soviet standards but enjoyed unlimited access to consumer goods.) Stalin sent Kosygin to each home[when?] to put their houses into "proper order".

Kosygin's patron, Zhdanov, died suddenly in August 1948. Soon afterwards, Zhdanov's old rivals Lavrentiy Beria and Georgy Malenkov persuaded Stalin to let them remove members of the decapitated Zhdanov faction, of whom the three most prominent were Nikolai Voznesensky, then Chairman of the State Planning Committee and a First Deputy Premier, Alexey Kuznetsov, the party secretary with oversight over the security, and Kosygin. During the brutal purge that followed, known as the Leningrad affair, Voznesensky, Kuznetsov and many others were arrested and shot. Kosygin was relegated to the post of USSR Minister for Light Industry, while nominally retaining his membership of the Politburo until 1952.
Nikita Khrushchev wrote in his memoirs:

"Beria and Malenkov were doing everything they could to wreck this troika of Kuznetsov, Voznesensky and Kosygin ... Many people perished in Leningrad. So did many people who had been transferred from Leningrad to work in other regions. As for Kosygin, his life was hanging by a thread ... Men who had been arrested and condemned in Leningrad made ridiculous accusations against him ... I simply can't explain how he was saved from being eliminated along with the others. Kosygin, as they say, must have drawn a lucky lottery ticket."

Kosygin told his son-in-law Mikhail Gvishiani, an NKVD officer, of the accusations leveled against Voznesensky because of his possession of firearms. Gvishiani and Kosygin threw all their weapons into a lake and searched both their own houses for any listening devices. They found one at Kosygin's house, but it might have been installed to spy on Marshal Georgy Zhukov, who had lived there before him. According to his memoirs, Kosygin never left his home without reminding his wife what to do if he did not return from work. After living two years in constant fear, the family reached the conclusion[when?] that Stalin would not harm them. 

In September 1953, six months after Stalin's death, Kosygin was appointed USSR Minister for Industrial Goods, and in December he was reinstated as a Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers, under Malenkov, Stalin's immediate successor, but lost that position in December 1956, during Khrushchev's ascendancy, when he was appointed Deputy Chairman of the State Economic Commission. When the power struggle between Khrushchev and the so-called 'Anti-Party Group came to a head in 1957, Kosygin backed Khrushchev because, as he said later, if Malenkov and his allies had won "blood would have flowed again", but the French journalist Michel Tatu, a close observer who based in Moscow at the time, concluded that "Kosygin did not owe anything to Khrushchev" and that out of the post-1957 leadership "was visibly the least willing to praise the First Secretary", and that Khrushchev was "somewhat reluctant" to promote Kosygin.

However, despite Khrushchev's reluctance, Kosygin's career made a steady recovery. In June 1957, he was again appointed a Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers (for the third time), and a candidate member of the Presidium Central Committee (the renamed Politburo). In March 1959, he was made Chairman of Gosplan, and on 4 May 1960, he was promoted First deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers, and a full member of the Presidium.

As First Deputy Premier Kosygin travelled abroad, mostly on trade missions, to countries such as North Korea, India, Argentina and Italy. Since 1959 Kosygin headed Soviet mission to the ComEcon. Later, in the aftermath of the Cuban Missile Crisis, Kosygin was the Soviet spokesman for improved relations between the Soviet Union and the United States. According to Michel Tatu, in 1960–62, Kosygin was one of the 'big four', with Khrushchev, Frol Kozlov and Leonid Brezhnev, who would be present in the Kremlin to greet visiting leaders of East European communist parties, implying, but in November 1962, after Khrushchev complained about the management of Gosplan, and opposed Kosygin's plans for economic reform, he was removed from the inner leadership.

When Khrushchev was removed from power in October 1964, Kosygin replaced him as Premier in a collective leadership that included Leonid Brezhnev as general secretary and Nikolai Podgorny who ultimately became Chairman of the Presidium. Overall, the new Politburo adopted a more conservative outlook than that under Khrushchev's rule.

Kosygin, Podgorny and Andrei Kirilenko were the most reformist members, Brezhnev and Arvīds Pelše belonged to the moderate faction while Mikhail Suslov retained his leadership of the party's Stalinist wing.

In October 1964, at a ceremony in honour of Soviet cosmonauts, Brezhnev called for the strengthening of the Party apparatus. This speech was only the beginning of a large campaign directed against Kosygin. Several newspapers, such as Pravda and Kommunist, criticized the work of the Council of Ministers, and indirectly Kosygin, its chairman, for planning the economy in an unrealistic fashion, and used the highly aggressive rhetoric previously used to condemn Khrushchev against Kosygin.

Brezhnev was able to criticize Kosygin by contrasting him with Vladimir Lenin, who - Brezhnev claimed - had been more interested in improving the conditions of Soviet agriculture than improving the quality of light industrial goods. Kosygin's support for producing more consumer goods was also criticized by Brezhnev, and his supporters, most notably Konstantin Chernenko, for being a return to quasi First World policies. At the 23rd Party Congress, Kosygin's position was weakened when Brezhnev's supporters were able to increase expenditure on defense and agriculture. However, Brezhnev did not have a majority in the Politburo, and could count on only four votes. In the Politburo, Kosygin could count on Kiril Mazurov's vote, and when Kosygin and Podgorny were not bickering with each other, they actually had a majority in the Politburo over Brezhnev. Unfortunately for Kosygin this was not often the case, and Kosygin and Podgorny were constantly disagreeing on policy.

Early during Kosygin's tenure, the Brezhnev–Kosygin attempt to create stability was failing on various fronts. From 1969 to 1970, discontent within the Soviet leadership had grown to such an extent that some started to doubt both former and current Soviet policies. Examples include the handling of the Prague Spring and the later Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia[29] (which Kosygin initially resisted), the decline in agriculture production, the Sino–Soviet border conflict (he advocated restraint), the Vietnam War, and the Soviet–American talks on the limitation of strategic missiles. Two summit conferences between the US and the USSR were held: the Warsaw Pact Summit Conference and the Moscow Summit Conference; both failed to gain support for Soviet policies.

By 1970, these differences had not been resolved, and Brezhnev postponed the 24th Party Congress and the Ninth Five-Year Plan (1971–1975). The delay in resolving these issues led to rumors circulating in Soviet society that Kosygin, or even Brezhnev, would lose their posts to Podgorny. By March 1971, it became apparent that Brezhnev was the leader of the country, with Kosygin as the spokesman of the five-year plan and Podgorny's position within the collective leadership strengthened.

Kosygin with US President Lyndon B. Johnson at the 1967 Glassboro Summit Conference

Early on in his tenure, Kosygin challenged Brezhnev's right as general secretary to represent the country abroad, a function Kosygin believed should fall into the hands of the head of government, as was common in non-communist countries. This was actually implemented for a short period,[16] which led Henry A. Kissinger to believe that Kosygin was the leader of the Soviet Union.[5] Kosygin, who had been the chief negotiator with the First World during the 1960s, was hardly to be seen outside the Second World[33] after Brezhnev consolidated his position within the Politburo,[16] but also due to Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko's dislike of Kosygin meddling into his own ministerial affairs.[34]

The Six-Day War in the Middle East had the effect of increasing Soviet–American cooperation; to improve relations even further, the United States Government invited Kosygin to a summit with Lyndon B. Johnson, the President of the United States, following his speech to the United Nations.[35] At the summit, which became known as the Glassboro Summit Conference, Johnson and Kosygin failed to reach agreement on limiting anti-ballistic missile systems, but the summit's friendly and even open atmosphere was referred to as the "Spirit of Glassboro".[36] Relations between the two countries improved further when the 1970 Moscow Treaty was signed on 12 August 1970 by Kosygin and Gromyko and Willy Brandt and Walter Scheel who represented West Germany.[37] In 1971, Kosygin gave an extensive interview to the American delegation that included David Rockefeller, presenting his views on US-Soviet relations, environmental protection, arms control and other issues.[38][39]

Alexei Kosygin (left) and Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr signing the Iraqi–Soviet Treaty of Friendship and Co-Operation in 1972

Kosygin developed a close friendly relationship with the President of Finland Urho Kekkonen, which helped the USSR to maintain active mutual trade with Finland and to keep it away from Cold War confrontation.[40]

In 1972, Kosygin signed a Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation with the government of Iraq, building on strong Soviet ties to the Iraqi Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party and previous close relations with Iraqi leader Abd al-Karim Qasim.[41]

Kosygin protected János Kádár's economic reforms and his position as leader of the Hungarian People's Republic from intervention by the Soviet leadership.[42] Polish leader Władysław Gomułka, who was removed from all of his posts in 1970, was succeeded by Edward Gierek who tried to revitalize the economy of the People's Republic of Poland by borrowing money from the First World. The Soviet leadership approved both countries' respective economic experiments, since it was trying to reduce its large Eastern Bloc subsidy programme in the form of cheap oil and gas exports.[43] During the discussions within the Soviet leadership of a possible Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia Kosygin reminded leaders of the consequences of the Soviet suppression of the 1956 Hungarian revolution. Kosygin's stance became more aggressive later on when he understood that the reforms in Czechoslovakia could be turned against his 1965 Soviet economic reform.[44]

We should tell Taraki and Amin to change their tactics. They still continue to execute those people who disagree with them. They are killing nearly all of the Parcham leaders, not only the highest rank, but of the middle rank, too.

— Kosygin speaking at a Politburo session.[45]

Kosygin acted as a mediator between India and Pakistan in 1966, and got both nations to sign the Tashkent Declaration. Kosygin became the chief spokesman on the issue of arms control. In retrospect, many of Kosygin's colleagues felt he carried out his work "stoically", but lacked "enthusiasm", and therefore never developed a real taste for international politics.[46]

The Sino–Soviet split chagrined Kosygin a great deal, and for a while he refused to accept its irrevocability; he briefly visited Beijing in 1969 due to increased tension between the USSR and Maoist China. Kosygin said, in a close-knit circle, that "We are communists and they are communists. It is hard to believe we will not be able to reach an agreement if we met face to face".[46] His view on China changed however, and according to Harold Wilson, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Kosygin viewed China as an "organized military dictatorship" whose intended goal was to enslave "Vietnam and the whole of Asia".[47]

During an official visit by an Afghan delegation, Kosygin and Andrei Kirilenko criticized Afghan leaders Nur Muhammad Taraki and Hafizullah Amin for Stalinist-like repressionist behaviour. He promised to send more economic and military aid, but rejected any proposal regarding a possible Soviet intervention, as an intervention in Afghanistan would strain the USSR's foreign relations with the First World according to Kosygin, most notably West Germany.[48] However, in a closed meeting, without Kosygin, who strongly opposed any kind of military intervention, the Politburo unanimously supported a Soviet intervention.[49]

Economic policyEditFive-Year PlansEdit

Further information: Five-year plans of the Soviet Union

The Eighth Five-Year Plan (1966–1970) is considered to be one of the most successful periods for the Soviet economy and the most successful when it comes to consumer production (see The "Kosygin" reform).[14] It became known as the "golden era".[50] The 23rd Party Congress and the Ninth Five-Year Plan (1971–1975) had been postponed by Brezhnev due to a power struggle within the Soviet leadership.[29] At the 23rd Party Congress Kosygin promised that the Ninth Five-Year Plan would increase the supply of food, clothing and other household appliances up to 50 percent.[51] The plan envisaged a massive increase in the Soviet standard of living, with Kosygin proclaiming a growth of 40 percent for the population's cash income in his speech to the congress.[52]

The Tenth Five-Year Plan (1976–1981) was referred to by Kosygin as the "plan of quality".[53] Brezhnev rejected Kosygin's bid for producing more consumer goods during the Tenth Five-Year Plan. As a result, the total volume of consumer goods in industrial production only stood at 26 percent. Kosygin's son-in-law notes that Kosygin was furious with the decision, and proclaimed increased defence expenditure would become the Soviet Union's "complete ruin".[54] The plan was less ambitious than its predecessors, with targets of national industrial growth no higher than what the rest of the world had already achieved. Soviet agriculture would receive a share investment of 34 percent, a share much larger than its proportional contribution to the Soviet economy, as it accounted for only 3 percent of the Soviet GDP.[55]

The "Kosygin" reformEdit

Main article: 1965 Soviet economic reform

Like Khrushchev, Kosygin tried to reform the command economy within a socialist framework. In 1965 Kosygin initiated an economic reform widely referred to as the "Kosygin reform". Kosygin sought to make Soviet industry more efficient by including some market measures common in the First World such as profit making for instance; he also tried to increase quantity of production, increase incentives for managers and workers, and freeing managers from centralized state bureaucracy.[56] The reform had been proposed to Khrushchev in 1964, who evidently liked it and took some preliminary steps to implement it. Brezhnev allowed the reform to proceed because the Soviet economy was entering a period of low growth.[57] In its testing phase, the reform was applied to 336 enterprises in light industry.[58]

The reform was influenced by the works of Soviet economist Evsei Liberman. Kosygin overestimated the ability of the Soviet administrative machine to develop the economy, which led to "corrections" to some of Liberman's more controversial beliefs about decentralization. According to critics, Kosygin's changes to Liberman's original vision caused the reform to fail.[57]

A propaganda poster promoting the reform. The poster reads: We're forging the keys of happiness.

Kosygin believed that decentralization, semi-public companies, and cooperatives were keys to catching up to the First World's contemporary level of economic growth. His reform sought a gradual change from a "state-administered economy" to an economy in which "the state restricts itself to guiding enterprises".[59] The reform was implemented, but showed several malfunctions and inconsistencies early on.[56]

ResultsEdit

The salary for Soviet citizens increased abruptly by almost 2.5 times during the plan. Real wages in 1980 amounted to 232.7 rubles, compared to 166.3 rubles before the 1965 Soviet economic reform and the Eighth Five-Year Plan. The first period, 1960–1964, was characterized by low growth, while the second period, 1965–1981, had a stronger growth rate. The second period vividly demonstrated the success of the Kosygin reform, with the average annual growth in retail turnover being 11.2 billion rubles, 1.8 times higher than in the first period and 1.2 times higher than the third period (1981–1985). Consumption of goods and daily demand also increased. The consumption of home appliances greatly increased. Refrigerators increased from a low of 109,000 in 1964 to 440,000 units by 1973; consumption declined during the reversal of the reform. Car production increased, and would continue to do so until the late 1980s. The Soviet leadership, under pressure, sought to provide more attractive goods for Soviet consumers.[60]

The removal of Khrushchev in 1964 signalled the end of his "housing revolution". Housing construction declined between 1960 and 1964 to an average of 1.63 million square metres. Following this sudden decrease, housing construction increased sharply between 1965 and 1966, but dropped again, and then steadily grew (the average annual growth rate was 4.26 million square metres). This came largely at the expense of businesses. While the housing shortage was never fully resolved, and still remains a problem in present-day Russia, the reform overcame the negative trend and renewed the growth of housing construction.[14]

Cancellation and aftermathEdit

Growing hostility towards reform, the initial poor results, and Kosygin's reformist stance, led to a popular backlash against him. Kosygin lost most of the privileges he had enjoyed before the reform, but Brezhnev was never able to remove him from the office of Chairman of the Council of Ministers, despite his weakened position.[5] In the aftermath of his failed reform, Kosygin spent the rest of his life improving the economic administration through the modification of targets; he implemented various programmes to improve food security and ensure the future intensification of production.[61] There is no proof to back up the claim that the reform itself contributed to the high growth seen in the late-1960s, or that its cancellation had anything to do with the stagnating growth of the economy which began in the 1970s.[62]

1973 and 1979 reformsEdit

Main articles: 1973 Soviet economic reform and 1979 Soviet economic reform

Kosygin initiated another economic reform in 1973 with the intentions of weakening the central Ministries and giving more powers to the regional authorities in republican and local-levels. The reform's failure to meet Kosygin's goal led to its cancellation. However, the reform succeeded in creating associations, an organization representing various enterprises.[63] The last significant reform undertaken by the pre-perestroika leadership was initiated by Kosygin's fifth government in a joint decision of the Central Committee and the Council of Ministers. The "Improving planning and reinforcing the effects of the economic mechanism on raising the effectiveness in production and improving the quality of work", more commonly known as the 1979 reform. The reform, in contrast to the 1965 reform, was intended to increase the central government's economic involvement by enhancing the duties and responsibilities of the ministries. Due to Kosygin's resignation in 1980, and because of Nikolai Tikhonov's conservative approach to economics, very little of the reform was actually implemented.


House arrest

House arrest is when someone has been arrested, but not put in prison. Instead, they are made to stay in their homes, hence the term.

A notable example of house arrest is Aung San Suu Kyi of Burma. She was under house arrest for much of the time between 1990 and 2010.

Subjects typically wear ankle bracelets which alert the authorities when they leave their house.

The Stig

The Stig is the 'tame racing driver' from the popular BBC motoring show Top Gear. He coaches the 'stars in the reasonably priced car' and is the driver for the Power laps. His identity is unknown though he has been played by many drivers, the most recent driver is Ben Collins.

American League Central

The American League Central Division is a group of baseball teams in the American League of Major League Baseball (MLB). The teams all play in the Midwestern United States. It was started in 1920.


Tuner (car)

When talking about cars, a tuner is a car with many parts changed so the car can go very fast. The word "tune" here means "to adjust" or "to change". Typically, people call any vehicle that has been modified for performance reasons a tuner car regardless of make or model.

When people want to drive fast cars but don't want to buy a very expensive car, they change some parts for an ordinary car to make it go faster.

For basic tuning, the engine intake and exhaust are changed, which means the process that takes air into the engine and out of the engine happens faster. People can also make the frame of the car stronger, to help it go around corners better. A spoiler or wing helps air push the car down onto the ground, which means more grip.



Rage Racer

Rage Racer is a 1996 racing video game by Namco where the player controls different cars and wins races in order to become what the game calls "Rage Racer". Four different car manufacturers make cars to drive in the game. Each of the cars has its forte and is sometimes named after it. In the game, the player drives three (four later in the game) courses to try and win a trophy and move to the next class.

At the beginning of the game, the game shows a plot of how some elite few "Race Racers" started to race their "worldwide speedway".

In the Grand Prix mode, the player starts at Class 1. They choose a course and then a car. As the player wins races, they win prize money, or "credits", which are called e.g. in the game. E.g. can be used to buy new upgrades, cars, or courses. If the player loses a race, they lose 1 chance. A player starts with 5 chances per class. If a player loses when they do not have any chances, the game ends. Players can still save, and can still retrieve their credit and cars, but medals and trophies are lost.

Time Trial is a mode where the player races the clock. They choose a car and course, and then are shown the record for the track. Tracks are also divided into "sections", parts of a track.

A player can save or load data with a memory card.


Watercress

Watercress ("Nasturtium officinale") is a plant which grows in water. It is a member of the Brassicaceae family, along with some other leaf vegetables.

People grow them for eating, often in salad or sandwiches. They have a peppery flavour and are fast-growing. Watercress is related to the cabbage and mustard plants.

Agrology of watercress is both a large scale and a garden scale. However the packaging used by super markets using sealed plastic bags under some pressure. Watercress is also known as tall nasturtium. This plant grows well in cold water. That's why you will find it near water like a ditch.

Watercress packs have a lot of nutrients such as Iron, potassium, vitamins C and E, etc. Watercress also helps with skin problems. It keeps the skin very clarified. Watercress is used in many recipes. You can use it to make a sandwich or in soup.

If it is not harvested, watercress can grow to a height of 50–120 cm. 

New market, Alabama, was once known as "Watercress Capital of the World".

Ferdinando I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany

Ferdinando I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany (30 July 1549 – 3 February 1609) was Grand Duke of Tuscany from 1587 to 1609. He succeeded his older brother Francesco I.

Ferdinando was the fifth son of Cosimo I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany and Eleonora di Toledo. 

He was a Cardinal before he became Grand Duke, until he married Christine of Lorraine in 1589. He was succeeded by his eldest son, who reigned as Cosimo II. His wife and daughter-in-law Maria Maddalena of Austria acted as regents for Cosimo II.


Cosimo I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany

Cosimo I de' Medici (12 June 1519 – 21 April 1574) was Duke of Florence from 1537 to 1574 and then the first Medici Grand Duke of Tuscany from 1569. He was the son of Giovanni dalle Bande Nere and Maria Salviati. 

In 1539, he married Eleonora di Toledo (1522–1562). She died, with her sons Giovanni and Garzia, in 1562, aged forty. All three of them died from malaria while traveling to Pisa.

Before his first marriage, Cosimo fathered an illegitimate daughter with an unknown woman:


With Eleonora, Cosimo fathered eleven children:


After Eleonora's death in 1562, Cosimo fathered two children with his mistress Eleonora degli Albrizzi:

In 1570, Cosimo married Camilla Martelli:


Point (ice hockey)

A point is a unit of score that is given when a player knocks the puck into their rival's goal.

Riau Islands

The Riau Islands is a province in Indonesia. Tanjung Pinang is its capital city. Its official language is Riau. In 2007, the population was around 1,392,900.


Singapore River

The Singapore River is a river in Singapore. It flows from the Central Area of Singapore to the ocean. It is long. Its mouth was used as a port. In the past, it was a very busy place because of the spice trade. It became very polluted and was cleaned up from 1977 to 1987.

East India Company

The East India Company (EIC) was an British joint-stock company with headquarters in London. It was started for trading with the East Indies, but most trade was with India and China. It was given a charter, permission to exist, in 1600 and traded many things in India.

In the mid-18th century, the company built up its own presidency armies and won the Battle of Plassey, which brought it from only trading with India to actually ruling India.

The company had armed forces and armed ships. It fought against various Indian rulers and struggled against the Dutch East India Company and other European nations. It was ruled by one governor and 24 directors. It became a monopoly in most parts of India.

After the Indian Rebellion of 1857 the British government ruled India directly and the company was dissolved in 1874. Its role was taken over by the Government of India (the British Raj). At its height, the Raj covered a huge area from Baluchistan in the west to Burma in the east, as well as Ceylon and a number of other islands.

Battle of Marathon

The Battle of Marathon took place in September 490 B.C. on the plain of Marathon. It was fought between the Athenians and the Persians. Athens was supported by a small force from the city of Plataea. The battle was the end of the first attempt by Persia, under King Darius the Great, to conquer Greece. It was part of the first Greco-Persian war. The Persians were defeated in the battle and the Greek victory decisively slowed down the Persian advance into the Greek mainland however the Persians would sail across the Aegean Sea ten years later and successfully burn down and destroy Athens.

The Persian invasion was a response to Greek involvement in the Ionian Revolt. Then, Athens and Eretria had sent a force to support the cities of Ionia, who were trying to overthrow Persian rule. The Athenians and Eretrians succeeded in capturing and burning Sardis, but were forced to retreat with heavy losses. In response to this raid, Darius swore to burn Athens and Eretria to the ground.

Once the Ionian revolt was crushed by the Persian victory at the Battle of Lade, Darius began planning to conquer Greece. In 490 BC, he sent a naval task force under Datis and Artaphernes across the Aegean, to subjugate the Cyclades, the group of Greek islands in the Aegean Sea. The next step was to attack Athens and Eretria. After a successful campaign in the Aegean, the Persians defeated, captured and burnt Eretria.

The Persian force then sailed for Attica. They landed on Schinias beach on the east end of Marathon bay. The broad field, called the plain of Marathon, was flat, level and ideal for battle. The Athenians, joined by a small force from Plataea, marched to Marathon, and blocked the two exits from the plain of Marathon. Stalemate ensued for five days. Then, for reasons that are not clear, the Athenians decided to attack the Persians. Despite the numerical advantage of the Persians, the Greek hoplites proved very effective against the more lightly armed Persian infantry. They routed the Persian wings before turning in on the centre of the Persian line.

The defeat at Marathon was a decisive victory that marked the end of the first Persian invasion of Greece. The Persian force retreated to Asia. Darius then began raising a huge new army with which he meant to completely subjugate Greece. However, in 486 BC, his Egyptian subjects revolted, postponing any Greek expedition. After Darius died, his son Xerxes I restarted the preparations for a second invasion of Greece, which finally began in 480 BC.

The Battle of Marathon was a watershed in the Greco-Persian wars, showing the Greeks that the Persians could be beaten. The eventual Greek triumph in these wars began at Marathon. The next two hundred years saw the rise of the Classical Greek civilization, which has been so influential in western society. This is why the Battle of Marathon is often seen as a key moment in European history.

John Stuart Mill suggested that "the Battle of Marathon, even as an event in British history, is more important than the Battle of Hastings". The Battle of Marathon is perhaps now more famous as the inspiration for the Marathon race. Although historically inaccurate, the legend of a Greek messenger running to Athens with news of the victory became the inspiration for this athletic event, introduced at the 1896 Athens Olympics, and originally run between Marathon and Athens.

When the Athenian line was ready, according to one source, the simple signal to advance was given by Miltiades: "At them". Most likely, they marched until they reached the limit of the archers' effectiveness, the "beaten zone", (roughly 200 meters), and then broke into a run towards their enemy. Herodotus suggests that this was the first time a Greek army ran into battle in this way; this was probably because it was the first time that a Greek army had faced an enemy composed mainly of missile troops (archers, spear-throwers).

All this was evidently much to the surprise of the Persians. Passing through the hail of arrows, protected for the most part by their armour, the Greek line finally collided with the enemy army. Holland provides an evocative description: 
"The enemy directly in their path...realised to their horror that [the Athenians], far from providing the easy pickings for their bowmen, as they had first imagined, were not going to be halted...The impact was devastating. The Athenians had honed their style of fighting in combat with other phalanxes, wooden shields smashing against wooden shields, iron spear tips clattering against breastplates of bronze...in those first terrible seconds of collision, there was nothing but a pulverizing crash of metal into flesh and bone; then the rolling of the Athenian tide over men wearing, at most, quilted jerkins for protection, and armed, perhaps, with nothing more than bows or slings. The hoplites' ash spears, rather than shivering...could instead stab and stab again, and those of the enemy who avoided their fearful jabbing might easily be crushed to death beneath the sheer weight of the advancing men of bronze."

The Athenian wings quickly routed the inferior Persian levies (conscripted troops) on the flanks, before turning inwards to surround the Persian centre, which had been more successful against the thin Greek centre. The battle ended when the Persian centre then broke in panic towards their ships, pursued by the Greeks. Some, unaware of the local terrain, ran towards the swamps where unknown numbers drowned. The Athenians pursued the Persians back to their ships, and managed to capture seven ships, though most were able to launch.

Herodotus records that 6,400 Persian bodies were counted on the battlefield. It is unknown how many more died in the swamps. The Athenians lost 192 men and the Plataeans 11.

Strait of Singapore

The Strait of Singapore or Singapore Strait is a strait in Singapore. It is long and wide. It is between the Strait of Malacca and the South China Sea. Singapore is to the north and the Riau Islands are to the south. It is the way to get to the Singapore Harbor. The depth of the Strait limits the size of ships that can go between the Indian Ocean and the South China Sea.

Apache Subversion

Apache Subversion (also called subversion repository and SVN) is an internet software mainly used by software programmers. Subversion allows other developers to view the code easily.

To download files in a directory of a subversion repository, one can "checkout" using a subversion client.


Variable-width encoding

A variable-width encoding is a type of character encoding scheme in which codes of different lengths are used to encode a character set for representation in a computer. All of the common Unicode encodings are variable-width encodings, e.g. UTF-8 and UTF-16. It's a common mistake to think that UTF-16 isn't, so that's not a good reason to prefer UTF-16 (only its obsolete predecessor UCS-2 is fixed-width).

ASCII is a fixed-width encoding. So are many other legacy encodings, but no modern text encoding. Note, ASCII is legal UTF-8 text, but it's only fixed-width in that sense only when that subset is used. As soon as text uses even one letter outside of the ASCII subset, or even if software expects UTF-8 text, and can't rely on only the ASCII subset used, then the (UTF-8) encoding used is variable-length.

Cro-Magnon

The earliest known Cro-Magnon remains are between 35,000 and 45,000 years old, based on radiometric dating. The oldest remains, from 43,000 45,000 years ago, were found in Italy and Britain. Other remains also show that Cro-Magnons reached the Russian Arctic about 40,000 years ago.

Cro-Magnons had powerful bodies, which were usually heavy and solid with strong muscles. Unlike Neanderthals, which had slanted foreheads, the Cro-Magnons had straight foreheads, like modern humans. Their faces were short and wide with a large chin. Their brains were slightly larger than the average human's is today.

The name "Cro-Magnon" was created by Louis Lartet, who discovered the first Cro-Magnon skull in southwestern France in 1868. He called the place where he found the skull "Abri de Cro-Magnon." "Abri" means "rock shelter" in French; "cro" means "hole" in the Occitan language; and "Magnon" was the name of the person who owned the land where Lartet found the skull. Basically, Cro-Magnon means "hole on Magnon's land."

This is why scientists now use the term "European early modern humans" instead of "Cro-Magnons." In taxonomy, the term "Cro-Magnon" means nothing.


Like most early humans, the Cro-Magnons mostly hunted large animals. For example, they killed mammoths, cave bears, horses, and reindeer for food. They hunted with spears, javelins, and spear-throwers. They also ate fruits from plants.

The Cro-Magnons were nomadic or semi-nomadic. This means that instead of living in just one place, they followed the migration of the animals they wanted to hunt. They may have built hunting camps from mammoth bones; some of these camps were found in a village in Ukraine. They also made shelters from rocks, clay, tree branches, and animal skin (leather).


Cheating in video games

Cheating in video games is when a player creates an advantage for themself beyond what normal gameplay would allow. In general, cheating is breaking the rules to get an unfair advantage. One form of cheating is using "Glitches" in a Open world or Shooter game where a person may find a wall or a piece of ground they can walk through, like being able to walk through a wall on a certain angle or from one side but not be able to walk back through that same wall the other way, an example of this being effective would be in an ambush situation, the other person may not be able to shoot at you but you may be able to shoot them, "virtually" making you partially invincible. Another form of cheating is by changing a games code structure. In other world, it is included in an existing video game as if it is from that video game and continues to work in this way. If we look at it structuarry, it comes up with a very different work.

These kind of advantages can often be activated by entering codes. A set of cheat codes may have been written into the game's programming by the game's developers. When entered, a code activates a corresponding advantage. Cheat codes can also be created by added software, called a game trainer. Players can also cheat by taking advantage of software bugs in the game.

some games have "activatable cheat codes" preset on the actual game such as Speed Racer, or the Lego series of Video games and by playing the game you actually get told cheat codes to put in to be able to unlock advantages, these are different from "Cheating" because the games developers "want" you to use these types of cheat codes and these types of cheat codes are only useable in single player games

the bad type of cheat codes are
Cheat codes not intended to be used in a game that make the system do things that are not normal. For example, pressing a certain sequence of buttons may increase a character's hit points in an role-playing game, or make a car drive faster in a racing game.

Another way of video game hacks is using applications called "exploits." like WiiBrew, which access a video games coding and allows you to completely change its code from adjusting a "left' button to go "up" instead all the way to completely recreating the game.

The number of users using competitive video games cheat continues to decrease with the development of anti-cheat systems. We can examine this thesis based on the League of legends.

The reason why the rate of banned players is higher than the rate of cheating is that past activities can be detected.


Anaphalis

Anaphalis (pronounced A-ná-pha-lis) is a genus within the Asteraceae family whose members are commonly known by the name Pearly everlasting. There are around 110 species within the genus with the vast majority being native to central and southern Asia. There is one species native to North America that is fairly well known and popular in cultivation, namely the Western Pearly Everlasting ("Anaphalis margaritacea").

Two of the species, "A. javanica" and A. longifolia can be found on the mountain af the Java island in Indonesia. "A. javanica", also known as the Javanese Edelweiss, is currently an endangered species.


Weaning

Weaning means changing the diet of a baby from its mother's milk to the food it will eat as an adult. Since only female mammals make milk, weaning is only needed by mammals. When a baby does not drink any more breast milk (or milk substitute), the baby has been weaned.

Babies are able to eat small amounts of solid food, along with breast milk or formula, when they are about six months old. Before this time, a child's digestive system and kidneys are still forming, so the child is not ready for solid food.

Babies do not have teeth and cannot chew their food, so they are usually fed soft, runny food such as cooked mashed fruit or vegetables. Babies cannot digest some foods which adults can eat, including food with nuts or with large amounts of gluten, salt or sugar. Also, babies' digestive systems are very sensitive to bacteria, so they should not eat any foods with honey, eggs or shellfish in them because these foods may contain harmful bacteria.

Weaning conflict happens when the mother wants to wean her baby, but the baby wants to keep breastfeeding. The mother tries to force the baby to stop breastfeeding, and the baby tries to force the mother to continue. Some evolutionary scientists think mammal mothers need to wean their babies as soon as possible, so they have a greater chance of having more babies and spreading their genes. But mammal babies want to breastfeed as long as they can so they will have a chance to grow strong, and also to enjoy the full care of their mothers. Weaning conflict happens in several mammal species, including primates and canines.

Indeed, weaning conflict probably always happens, but it does not usually endanger the survival of mother and child. Most mammals have a cut-off system whereby milk cannot be digested after a certain point. Modern humans are very unusual in this respect. They inherit a capacity for permanent digestion of milk.


Nanoelectromechanical systems

Nanoelectromechanical systems will be very tiny machines, with dimensions thousands of times thinner than the human hair, that could be used as motors or sensors. The technology is very new and still in the laboratory stage, but may replace microelectromechanical systems.

Compared to human scale, things work very differently at nano dimensions. For example, attractive forces between materials of the same type may push together moving parts and block a motor.

Photocathode

A photocathode is a negatively charged electrode in a light detection device. They are the main type of photomultiplier. That means they take a little light, and make more of it.

There are instruments which need to magnify the amount of light coming in. Examples are astronomical telescopes and military night-sight equipment: binoculars and telescopes on helmets and rifles etc.

The lens of the telescope or binocular passes the light onto a layer of glass coated with a special light-sensitive metal. When this is struck by light, the absorbed energy causes electrons to jump off. This is called the 'photoelectric effect'. The freed electrons are then collected to produce the final image.

These devices are mostly based on alkali metals.

Space Shuttle Enterprise

The Space Shuttle Enterprise (OV-101) is a spacecraft used by NASA for testing of the space shuttles. Enterprise was built without engines and without the heat protection system needed for it to travel into space and return to the atmosphere. Enterprise began being built in June 4, 1974, and was completed on September 17, 1976. Enterprise was used for flight tests in 1977. Scientists wanted to test how the shuttle could be transported on top of a Boeing 747. They also did three test manned test flights with the shuttle still joined to the Boeing. When these test were finished they did another five tests with the shuttle flying without engines like a glider. The pilots practiced landing the shuttle at the Edwards Airforce Base. The pilots were astronaut Gordon Fullerton, Apollo 13 astronaut Fred Haise, Joe Engle and Dick Truly. After the test flights, the Enterprise was used for vibration tests at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama. After all the tests were finished, some parts of the Enterprise were used in the building of the other shuttles.

The Enterprise was going to be named the "Constitution", but many people wrote to the President and asked for it to be named after the space craft on the TV show Star Trek. Enterprise can be seen today by visitors to the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum's Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center near Washington, D.C.

Reggie Bush

Reginald Alfred "Reggie" Bush II (born March 2, 1985) is an American football player for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the position of running back. 

Bush played football at Helix High School in La Mesa, California, then played football at the University of Southern California. Bush won the 2005 Heisman Trophy, which is for the best player in college football, but in 2010, he gave the award back because of claims that he took gifts while in college that would have made him a professional athlete while still in college.

The New Orleans Saints chose Bush with the second pick in the 2006 NFL Draft. In 2010, Bush won a Super Bowl with the Saints over the Indianapolis Colts.

Globular protein

A globular protein is one of a common type of protein.

They are one of three types of protein. The others are fibrous and membrane proteins.

Their structure is a result of protein folding. They are made of polypeptide chains folded into a compact sphere shape. 

They are soluble in water because of the hydrophilic ('water-loving') side chains that project from the outside of the molecules. They play an important role in metabolic reactions.

Unlike proteins which only have a structural function, globular proteins can act as:

Globular proteins include myoglobin and hemoglobin.

Globulins are all globular proteins except albumins. They have higher molecular weights than albumins. They are insoluble in pure water but dissolve in dilute salt solutions. 

Some globulins have important function as antibodies, others are responsible for the transport of lipids, iron or copper in the blood.

David Haye

David Haye (born 13 October 1980) is a British boxer. He is the WBA heavyweight champion and is nicknamed "The Hayemaker". He is 1.91 metres (6 feet 3 inches) tall. Before he became a heavyweight, he boxed in the cruiserweight division, where he held all the major titles. His most famous cruiserweight fights were against Jean-Marc Mormeck and Enzo Maccarinell. He has lost only once in his career.

Haye moved up to the heavyweight division and beat Monte Barrett in 2008. In October 2009, he beat Nikolai Valuev, who is 7 feet tall, to become the WBA champion. In 2010, he beat John Ruiz. He defended his title against fellow Briton Audley Harrison in November 2010.

Haye started his career as an amateur. He reached the finals of the 2001 world amateur championship in the heavyweight class, where he lost to Odlanier Solis. He turned professional in the cruiserweight division in December 2002. His first professional fight was meant to be against Valeri Semishkur, but Semishkur pulled out. Instead, Haye fought and beat Tony Booth on 8 December 2002. He had seven fights in 2003, and won all of them. He won his tenth fight in a row when he beat Arthur Williams on 12 May 2004. He won those ten fights with a total of only 20 rounds. In his match against IBO champion Carl Thompson on 10 September 2004, he lost for the first time in his career. In his next match, on 10 December 2004, he beat Semishkur in the first round.

Haye won the European title on 16 December 2006 when he beat Alexander Gurov. He won the match after only 45 seconds. On 24 March 2007, in his first match as European champion, he beat Lasse Johansen. On 27 April 2007, he had his first heavyweight fight, against Tomasz Bonin. Haye won in the first round. Shortly after the fight, Haye said he had plans to move up to the heavyweight division. "I'm absolutely certain I can rule the heavyweight roost", he said. On 10 November 2007, he beat Jean-Marc Mormeck to win the WBA, WBC, and "Ring" magazine titles. Haye was knocked down in the fourth round, but hit Mormeck with a series of blows in the seventh to win by technical knockout. He became the UK's sixth boxing champion. On 8 March 2008, he beat Enzo Maccarinelli to win the WBO title. Haye hit Maccarinelli with two big punches before the referee stopped the match. Haye said he planned to move up to the heavyweight division. A few weeks after the fight, Wladimir Klitschko, the IBF, IBO, and WBO heavyweight champion, said he wanted to fight Haye.

Haye gave away his titles at cruiserweight and moved up to the heavyweight division. He beat Monte Barrett on 15 November 2008, winning in the fifth round. Before the fight, he said fighting Barrett was a big risk and that he might have retired if he lost. He was meant to fight Wladimir on 20 June 2009, but pulled out. On 31 October 2009, he beat Nikolai Valuev, who is 7 feet tall, to become the WBA champion. Haye was 98 pounds lighter than Valuev; before this fight, no-one had won a heavyweight title match weighing this much less than their opponent. Haye said he has wanted to be the heavyweight champion since he was a toddler. He then beat John Ruiz on 3 April 2010 and Audley Harrison on 13 November 2010. He now says he wants to fight Wladimir or his brother Vitali, who holds the WBC belt. The two brothers are regarded as the best heavyweights in the world. Haye says he plans to retire before his 31st birthday.

Haye was born on 13 October 1980 in Bermondsey, London. He went to Snowsfield primary school and Bacon's College. Jade Goody, winner of the television show "Big Brother", was in his class. Haye is married and has a son called Cassius, named after Cassius Clay, the birth name of Muhammad Ali. His training camp is based in Kyrenia, Northern Cyprus. He started training there in 2007 and sometimes fights with the Northern Cyprus flag on his shorts. He supports the football team Millwall. In September 2010, a newspaper in Northern Cyprus said Haye had become a citizen of Northern Cyprus.


Xanthan gum

Xanthan gum is a polysaccharide (a complex form of sugar). It is added to certain foods, such as salad dressings, to make them thicker. It is also added to cosmetics to keep the ingredients from separating. To make xanthan gum, workers add a kind of bacterium, "Xanthomonas campestris", to glucose or sucrose. They let the mixture ferment for a while, and then add isopropyl alcohol to separate the polysaccharide from the mixture. They dry the polysaccharide, grind it into a powder, then add it to a liquid. The xanthan gum is then ready to use.

Allene Rosalind Jeanes and her research team at the United States Department of Agriculture first discovered xanthan gum. The team was studying many biopolymers to see whether some of them were useful, and how they could be used. The Kelco Company was the first company to produce xanthan gum in the early 1960s. At that time, Kelco called xanthan gum by its brand name, Kelzan. Later, in 1968, xanthan gum was tested and declared safe to be used in food. The USA, Canada, Europe, and many other regions and countries now accept xanthan gum as a safe food additive.

Xanthan gum is a very effective thickener. It is stable under a wide range of temperatures and pH. Only 0.5% of xanthan gum is added to most foods to thicken them. The thickening property of xanthan gum decreases when a food is mixed, shaken or chewed, but it thickens up again when the force is removed. This property is called pseudoplasticity. Sometimes this property can be very useful. For instance, the xanthan gum added to salad dressing makes the dressing thick enough to cling to a salad, but shaking the bottle of dressing makes it temporarily thin and easier to pour.

Salad dressings and sauces contain xanthan gum. Even though xanthan gum is not an emulsifier, it helps to keep an emulsion stable so that the oil in it does not separate. Xanthan gum also helps to keep spices and other solid bits of food evenly distributed in a liquid. Xanthan gum, guar gum and locust bean gum help to give ice cream and other frozen foods a creamy texture. Gluten-free bakers use xanthan gum instead of gluten to make bread dough or batter "sticky." Packaged egg whites or egg substitutes contain xanthan gum to replace the fat and emulsifiers found in egg yolks.

Toothpaste often contains xanthan gum to give the toothpaste a smooth texture. People who have trouble swallowing add xanthan gum to drinks and other liquids to make them thicker and easier to swallow.

Oil drillers use a lot of xanthan gum to make drilling mud thicker. This thick fluid helps carry solids cut by the drill bit up to the surface of the earth. When people need to pour concrete underwater, they add xanthan gum to the concrete to make it thicker and keep it from washing away.

Many cosmetics contain xanthan gum, which helps hold together oil and water emulsions. Xanthan gum can also help keep skin moist. Fake blood, toy slime and gunge all get their thickness from xanthan gum.

Workers who were exposed to xanthan gum dust developed allergy-like symptoms from breathing in the dust.

Coeliac disease sufferers and other people who are sensitive to gluten and other allergens may need to be careful how much xanthan gum is in their food. Some types of xanthan gum are made with wheat, corn or soy and could cause allergic reactions. Xanthan gum is also a strong laxative and can cause diarrhoea in people who eat too much of it, or who are sensitive to it. There are many substitutes available for xanthan gum when used in baking such as guar gum or locust bean gum.

Pickerel frog

The pickerel frog ("Lithobates palustris", formerly "Rana palustris") is a small frog in North America. It has dark squares on its back. The squares are in lines instead of randomly scattered. Leopard frogs have circular spots. They have an orange or yellow coloration on the inside of their back legs. They are found in the east of North America. They have toxic glands in their skin that can kill other frogs.


Northern green frog

The Northern green frog is a subspecies of the North American green frog. Its name is either "Rana clamitans melanota", or "Lithobates clamitans melanota".

It is moderately large. It is found in the northeast United States and some of eastern Canada. Its call sounds like a plucked banjo. It has a fold running from the top of its eyes down the side of its back. The bullfrog does not have these folds. It is normally found in swamps, marshes, and muddy streams.


Wiki markup

Wikitext language, or wiki markup, is a markup language used to write pages in wiki websites, such as Wikipedia. It is a simplified alternative to HTML. It is converted by wiki software (like MediaWiki) into regular HTML, which the user's web browser will render.

The main purpose of having Wikitext in wikis instead of HTML is because HTML is more complicated and not many people know how to use it. Therefore, it is easier to use Wikitext rather than HTML and thus makes editors contributing to a wiki easier to create content.



Environmentally friendly

Environmentally friendly (also eco-friendly, nature friendly, and green) are terms that refer to objects that people buy (called "goods"), services, laws, and rules that either do not harm the environment or do very little harm to it. To make people who buy the goods or services know that they are environmentally friendly, environmentally friendly goods and services often are marked with "eco-labels". But because there is no single type of eco-label, the International Organization for Standardization thinks that these labels do not mean much because they could mean different things.

Environmentally friendly is a term used to refer to goods and services, laws, guidelines and policies claimed to inflict minimal or no harm on the environment. Companies sometimes use these terms to promote goods and services by making environmental marketing claims, sometimes falsely and with eco-labels. Also ecofriendly, by 1993, from eco- + friendly. 



Intranet

An intranet is a private network website that only a few selected computers can have access to. Usually, they are being used as internal company websites for employees to know more about what is happening in the company without letting other people see.

An intranet works the same way as a normal website. The system administrator can add webpages to it and it can be accessed normally from a web browser.

Russia has successfully tested Runet, a country-wide alternative to the internet. An expert said "Increasingly, authoritarian countries who want to control what citizens see are looking at what Iran and China have already done... It means people will not have access to dialogue about what is going on in their own country, they will be kept within their own bubble".


Bold

Bold can mean the following:

Italic

Italic script and type has a long history. It was based on handwriting.

Ludovico Vicentino degli Arrighi (1475–1527) was a papal scribe and type designer in Renaissance Italy. Present day cursive writing style known as "italic" is based upon the style he developed. It has been said that the style of cursive known as "italic" got its name from this "Italian" designer. Modern day scribes, also known as "calligraphers", study the work of Arrighi to learn the structure of the style of writing known as "italic" , a modernized version of the Chancery hand which was first perfected by Roman scribes in the early part of the sixteenth century.

In typography, italic type is a cursive font based on a kind of calligraphic handwriting. Such letters normally slant slightly to the right. 

In modern texts, Italics can emphasise key points in a printed text. One manual of English usage described italics as "the print equivalent of underlining".

Calligraphy-inspired typefaces were first designed in Italy, to replace documents written in a handwriting style called chancery hand. As the illustration shows, there were flourishes copied from calligraphy. An alternative is oblique type: the type is slanted but the letterforms do not change shape: this less elaborate approach is used by many sans-serif typefaces.

Using italic is usually used as a place holder for a blank piece of information.
There are different ways in making a text "italic".

In HTML, the editor can add the codice_1 and the codice_1 tags to make text surrounded by these tags italic.

In Wikitext, the editor can just add two apostrophes (codice_3) around the text to become italic.


Bold (type)

In formatting, bold type is a little bit darker and bigger than normal type. It is used to emphasize a few words as a bolded text can attract attention from the reader.

Markup languages provide different ways to make a word bold. For example:


Underline

To make a text underlined means to add a straight line below the text. It is commonly used to emphasize the text. However, it is usually not used.

Both HTML and Wikitext uses the same way in making underlined text. They both use the codice_1 and the codice_1 tags to produce an underlined text.


Iodic acid

Iodic acid is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HIO. It contains hydrogen and iodate ions. The iodine is in its +5 oxidation state.

Iodic acid is a white solid that can dissolve in water to make an acidic solution. Chloric acid and bromic acid only exist in solution and break down when crystallized. Iodic acid is a strong oxidizing agent. It can be converted to iodine pentoxide when it is heated gently. If it is heated strongly, it decomposes into iodine, oxygen, and other iodine oxides. 

It can form several things when it is reduced. If there is a lot of reducing agent, it is reduced to iodide. If there is a lot of iodic acid, it is reduced to iodine. If there is a lot of chloride, then it is reduced to iodine trichloride, a yellow liquid.

It can be made by electrolysis of an acidic iodide solution. 

Iodic acid is used to make other iodates by reacting bases with iodic acid. It is also used as a strong acid.


Malays

The Malays (Malay-; ; Rejang: ꤷꥁꤼ; Jawi: ) are an Austronesian ethnic group in Southeast Asia. They mainly live in the Maritime Southeast Asia region (especially within the Malay Archipelago; consist of Indonesian Archipelago and Philippines archipelago), such as Sumatra, Riau Islands, Singapore, Kalimantan (including Brunei), southern Thailand, and southern Philippines.

Malay people were once a tribal group who inhabited the island of Sumatra. According to the Malay Annals, the origin of Malay people are from the area known as Palembang in modern-day South Sumatra.

Sang Sapurba also mentioned in the Malay Annals as the King of Malays who originated from the hill of Siguntang Mahameru area as well.

Malay people transformed from the tribal group into an ethnic group during the glorious era of Srivijaya—the empire that originated from Palembang— when the trading activities grew. Nowadays, Malay people are inhabiting areas that was under the Srivijayan empire rule, with the big population mainly in Sumatra and its surrounding regions such as Bangka Belitung Islands, Riau Islands, Malacca Peninsula ( Kra Peninsula), Kalimantan (including Brunei), southern Thailand, southern Vietnam, and southern Philippines.

Most ethnic Malays speak one or more of the many dialects (versions) of the Malay language, a language of the Austronesian family of languages. In Indonesia, the standardized form of Malay is Indonesian (),These naming policies were created to form national unities in the countries instead of making the Malays a ruling influence or the ruling class. In Malaysia, the standard form is called bahasa melayu (. About 80% of their words mean the same thing in either dialect. same like in Brunei. In Brunei, Thailand and Singapore it is also known as "Bahasa Melayu". 

Today, the language is usually written a version of the Roman alphabet, called Rumi. Malay written using the Arabic alphabet is called , which is mostly used in official and religious contexts. Jawi is more common than Rumi in very conservative Muslim areas like Kelantan in Malaysia and in Thailand.

The vast majority of ethnic Malays today are Sunni Muslims and Islam has become a large part of the Malay identity.

Tinie Tempah

Patrick Chukwuemeka Okogwu (born 7 November 1988) is a British rapper, singer and songwriter. He was born in Plumstead, London and is of Nigerian origin. He is better known by his stage name Tinie Tempah. He also founded the record label Disturbing London in 2006. 

Some of his more famous songs are "Pass Out", "Written in the Stars" and "Earthquake".

Tempah released his first album "Disc-Overy" in 2010. It went straight to number one in the UK Albums Chart. Seven singles were released from the album.

On 4 August 2013, the first single from "Demonstration", "Trampoline", was released. 2 Chainz rapped in it. It reached number three in the UK Singles Chart. His second album "Demonstration" was released 4 November 2013. Twelve of the album's fifteen songs feature other musicians. Tempah won Best UK Hip Hop/Grime Act at the 2013 Music of Black Origin Awards.


Orang Laut

The Orang Laut are a group of Malays living in the Riau Islands. Their name means "the sea people". They used to be pirates. 

Japanese occupation of Singapore

The Japanese Occupation of Singapore is a time from 1942-1945 (during World War II) where the Japanese occupied Singapore. Japan attacked because Singapore was an important naval base for controlling other areas. The occupation started after the army of Japan defeated garrison troops from Australia, British Malaya, Britain, and India. This was at the Battle of Singapore. The British decided to surrender to the Japanese on 15 February 1942 at the Ford Motor Factory.

The city was renamed to Syonan-to (pronounced as Sho-nan-to), meaning Light of the South, during the rule. It was officially returned to the British after the peace treaty ending World War II was signed. 

The Japanese did not treat the people very well during their occupation. There was a large amount of inflation because the Japanese printed paper money for Singapore to use, which did not have any identification numbers. Also called 'banana notes' as they had a picture of a banana tree on them, the paper notes could have been printed by people who had a modern-day printer and sufficient paper.

In 1941, due to the weak defenses, the Japanese attacked Singapore. They landed on Singaporean soil on the 9th of February 1942 and took control of the colony on 15 February 1942, soon renaming it Syonan-to (pronounced as Sio-nan-to or Sho-nan-to), meaning Light of the South Island, during the rule. Many people suffered during this time till the Japanese surrendered and the British returned to Singapore in September 1945.

During the Japanese Occupation, the trade was disrupted, resulting in scarcity of food and other kinds of goods, causing the price to drastically increase in a process known as inflation. Even if one were to try to buy a jar of jam from a shop, the shopkeeper would say that he had none. However, if one was prepared to pay a very high price for it, the shopkeeper would know just where to get it: the black market.

Ligand

A ligand is a biochemical substance. Its function is to bind to a biological molecule, and make the molecule perform a function. Ligand binding alters the shape of the receptor protein. This changes the protein's behaviour. 

In a narrower sense, it is a signal triggering molecule, binding to a site on a target protein.

The binding occurs by intermolecular forces, such as ionic bonds, hydrogen bonds and van der Waals forces. The docking (association) is usually reversible (dissociation). 

Ligands include substrates, inhibitors, activators, and neurotransmitters. The tendency or strength of binding is called affinity. 


Polyxena of Hesse-Rotenburg

Polyxena of Hesse-Rotenburg ("Polyxena Christina Johanna"; 21 September 1706 – 13 January 1735) was the second wife of Charles Emmanuel, Prince of Piedmont, future King Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia.

Polyxena was born at Langenschwalbach in Hesse and was baptised with the names "Polyxena Christina Johanna ". King Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia approached her family and proposed a union between Polyxena and Victor Amadeus II's son and heir Charles Emmanuel, Prince of Piedmont. A previous match organised by "Agostino Steffani" with a daughter of Duke Rinaldo d'Este of Modena had come to nothing. His first wife, Anne Christine of Sulzbach died March 1723 having given birth to a son.

The engagement was announced on 2 July 1724. The marriage was celebrated in person at Thonon in Chablais on 20 August 1724. The happy marriage produced six children.

Praised as an attractive, cultured and kind woman, Polyxena founded a home for penniless mothers in Turin in 1732, redecorated the "Villa della Regina", the hunting lodge of Stupingi, and the Church of Saint Giuseppe in Turin. She popularised "chinoiserie". She was also a patron of Giovanni Battista Crosato, a baroque painter.

Having been ill since June 1734, she died at the Royal Palace of Turin. Originally buried at the "Cathedral of Saint Giovanni Battista", she was moved to the Royal Basilica of Superga in 1786 by her son Victor Amadeus III. Two years after her death, her husband married Elisabeth Therese of Lorraine, sister of the future Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor.


Elisabeth Therese of Lorraine

Elisabeth Therese of Lorraine (Élisabeth Thérèse de Lorraine; 15 October 1711 – 3 July 1741) was born a Princess of Lorraine and a Queen of Sardinia as wife King Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia. She was a younger sister of Francis Stephan, Duke of Lorraine.

Élisabeth Thérèse of Lorraine was born at the Château de Lunéville and was the ninth of eleven children of Leopold Joseph of Lorraine and his wife Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans. Her mother was a niece of Louis XIV. 

Her mother wanted her to marry her cousin Louis d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans but the Duke of Orléans refused. As a result Elisabeth Therese was created the "coadjutrice" of Remiremont Abbey in October 1734.

In 1736 her brother the Duke of Lorraine married the Maria Theresa of Austria, daughter of Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor. The already twice widowed Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia asked for her hand in late 1736 and the marriage went ahead. 

The couple married in person on 1 April 1737. Charles Emmanuel III was her first cousin, his mother being Anne Marie d'Orléans – a half sister of her mother Élisabeth Charlotte. The marriage produced three children, only one of whom survived infancy.

Élisabeth Thérèse died at the Palace of Venaria aged 29, having fallen ill with a fever after childbirth. She was buried in the Cathedral of Saint Giovanni Battista in Turin. She was moved to the Royal Basilica of Superga in 1786 by her stepson Victor Amadeus III. 



Bronze (color)

Bronze is the color of the alloy bronze. 

The first recorded use of "bronze" as a color name in English was in 1753. 



Bradley International Airport

Bradley International Airport is an airport in Windsor Locks, Connecticut serving Hartford, Connecticut and Springfield, Massachusetts. 

It serves as a hub for UPS Airlines.

Bradley International Airport hosts the following airlines:

It hosts an "Admirals Club" in Terminal A (West Concourse) and an Escape Lounge in the East Concourse. 

Dr. Dolittle (movie)

Dr. Dolittle is a comedy movie released in 1998 by Davis Entertainment/20th Century Fox. It stars Eddie Murphy who plays Dr. Dolittle. He is a doctor who lives in San Francisco. He discovers that he has the ability to talk to (and understand) animals. It was marketed as a family movie and earned $294,456,605. It had 1 sequel of the same format and 3 direct-to-video sequels. There was and is a video game based on the movie which was and is simulation game "Dr. Dolittle" by Blast! Entertainment Ltd/Aqua Pacific which was released in 2006.

Dot product

In mathematics, the dot product is an operation that takes two vectors as input, and that returns a scalar number as output. The number returned is dependent on the length of both vectors, and on the angle between them. The name is derived from the centered dot "·" that is often used to designate this operation. Another name is scalar product. It emphasizes the scalar (rather than vector) nature of the result.

In three-dimensional space, the dot product contrasts with the cross product, which produces a vector as result.

The dot product of two vectors a = ["a", "a", ..., "a"] and b = ["b", "b", ..., "b"] is defined as:
where Σ denotes summation notation (the sum of all the terms) and "n" is the dimension of the vector space.

In dimension 2, the dot product of vectors [a,b] and [c,d] is ac + bd.
The same way, in a dimension 3, the dot product of vectors [a,b,c] and [d,e,f] is ad + be + cf.
For example, the dot product of two three-dimensional vectors [1, 3, −5] and [4, −2, −1] is

The dot product of two vectors a and b can be interpreted as the product of two lengths: the length of a orthogonally projected onto b, and the length of b itself. This can be written as formula_3, where θ (theta) is the angle between the two vectors. In the diagram shown, formula_4 is the length of a orthogonally projected onto b, found using trigonometry.

The formula formula_3 can be used to find certain properties.

formula_6 

formula_7

A rotation of the orthonormal basis in terms of which vector a is represented is obtained with a multiplication of a by a rotation matrix R. This matrix multiplication is just a compact representation of a sequence of dot products.

For instance, let
Then the rotation from "B" to "B" is performed as follows:

Notice that the rotation matrix R is assembled by using the rotated basis vectors u, v, w as its rows, and these vectors are unit vectors. By definition, Ra consists of a sequence of dot products between each of the three rows of R and vector a. Each of these dot products determines a scalar component of a in the direction of a rotated basis vector (see previous section).

If a is a row vector, rather than a column vector, then R must contain the rotated basis vectors in its columns, and must post-multiply a:

In physics, magnitude is a scalar in the physical sense, in that it is a physical quantity independent of the coordinate system, expressed as the product of a numerical value and a physical unit, not just a number. The dot product is also a scalar in this sense, given by the formula, independent of the coordinate system. For example:

The following properties hold if a, b, and c are real vectors and "r" is a scalar.

The dot product is commutative:

The dot product is distributive over vector addition:

The dot product is bilinear:

When multiplied by a scalar value, dot product satisfies:
(these last two properties follow from the first two).

Two non-zero vectors a and b are perpendicular if and only if a • b = 0.

Unlike multiplication of ordinary numbers, where if "ab" = "ac", then "b" always equals "c" unless "a" is zero, the dot product does not obey the cancellation law:

Provided that the basis is orthonormal, the dot product is invariant under isometric changes of the basis: rotations, reflections, and combinations, keeping the origin fixed. The above mentioned geometric interpretation relies on this property. In other words, for an orthonormal space with any number of dimensions, the dot product is invariant under a coordinate transformation based on an orthogonal matrix. This corresponds to the following two conditions:

If a and b are functions, then the derivative of a • b is a' • b + a • b'.

This is a very useful identity (also known as Lagrange's formula) involving the dot- and cross-products. It is written as

which is easier to remember as "BAC minus CAB", keeping in mind which vectors are dotted together. This formula is commonly used to simplify vector calculations in physics.

Consider the element of R
Repeated application of the Pythagorean theorem yields for its length |v|
But this is the same as
so we conclude that taking the dot product of a vector v with itself yields the squared length of the vector.

Now consider two vectors a and b extending from the origin, separated by an angle θ. A third vector c may be defined as
creating a triangle with sides a, b, and c. According to the law of cosines, we have
Substituting dot products for the squared lengths according to Lemma 1, we get
But as c ≡ a − b, we also have
which, according to the distributive law, expands to
Merging the two c • c equations, "(1)" and "(2)", we obtain
Subtracting a • a + b • b from both sides and dividing by −2 leaves
Q.E.D.

The inner product generalizes the dot product to abstract vector spaces and is usually denoted by formula_26. Due to the geometric interpretation of the dot product, the norm ||a|| of a vector a in such an inner product space is defined as

such that it generalizes length, and the angle θ between two vectors a and b by

In particular, two vectors are considered orthogonal if their inner product is zero

For vectors with complex entries, using the given definition of the dot product would lead to quite different geometric properties. For instance, the dot product of a vector with itself can be an arbitrary complex number, and can be zero without the vector being the zero vector; this in turn would have severe consequences for notions like length and angle. Many geometric properties can be salvaged, at the cost of giving up the symmetric and bilinear properties of the scalar product, by alternatively defining
where "b" is the complex conjugate of "b". Then the scalar product of any vector with itself is a non-negative real number, and it is nonzero except for the zero vector. However, this scalar product is not linear in b (but rather conjugate linear), and the scalar product is not symmetric either, since
This type of scalar product is nevertheless quite useful, and leads to the notions of Hermitian form and of general inner product spaces.

The Frobenius inner product generalizes the dot product to matrices. It is defined as the sum of the products of the corresponding components of two matrices having the same size.

The dot product between a tensor of order n and a tensor of order m is a tensor of order n+m-2. The dot product is worked out by multiplying and summing across a single index in both tensors. If formula_32 and formula_33 are two tensors with element representation formula_34 and formula_35 the elements of the dot product formula_36 are given by

This definition naturally reduces to the standard vector dot product when applied to vectors, and matrix multiplication when applied to matrices.

Occasionally, a double dot product is used to represent multiplying and summing across two indices. The double dot product between two 2nd order tensors is a scalar.



Sarcocystis

Sarcocystis is a genus of protozoa. Species in this genus can live in reptiles, birds, mammals, and sometimes pigs. The name came from the Greek language, "sarx", which meant flesh, and "kystis", which meant bladder. The organism was first found by Miescher in 1843, in a mouse.

Zapatista Army of National Liberation

The Zapatista Army of National Liberation (EZLN; ) is a political and militant group based in –Chiapas, the southernmost state of Mexico. Its members are called the Zapatistas. They advocate for libertarian socialism, environmental sustainability and indigenous rights.

It is led by the indigenous people of the Chiapas Mountains. The name "Zapatista" refers to Emiliano Zapata who was a leader of the Mexican Revolution of 1910. The group was formed in the 1980s and led a large rebellion in 1994. Where it captured a small region of Mexico and was granted control over it.

Though the movement has many leaders, both women and men, Marcos has become the unofficial spokesperson for the movement. This is because he is very well educated, a good public speaker, and has written letters to and worked with writers and intellectuals from all over the world. He signs almost all of his letters with "Subcomandante Marcos, from the mountains of the southeast of Mexico." He is wearing a ski-mask in every picture and video of him and ski-masks have become a symbol of the EZLN in Mexico, as the majority of its supporters also wear them. Followers of the EZLN also paint murals of Marcos in his mask and Emiliano Zapata to show their support.

Since 1994, the Zapatistas have been in control of a region in Southern Chiapas. The Zapatistas created a 'Council of Good Government' which is a direct democracy representing between 120,000 to 300,000 people. The economy is made up of a coordinated network of communal stores, worker cooperatives and family farms. Their autonomous government provides low-interest loans, free education and universal health care. The Zapatistas mainly produce corn, beans, coffee, bananas, sugar, cattle, chicken, pigs and clothing. The Mexican military has attacked communities several times with drones, infantry and helicopters.

Lead glass

Lead glass, also known as lead crystal, is a type of glass that has lead in it. Normal glass has calcium oxide in it, while lead glass changes the calcium oxide with lead(II) oxide. It looks nice because the lead is very large and heavy and changes how the glass looks. Lead glass rings when tapped while ordinary glass does not. This glass can absorb some X-rays. It is very insulating. 

It contains between 18 to 40% of lead (II) oxide by weight. Any glass that contains at least 24% PbO by weight is referred to as “lead crystal”. Any glass that contains less than 24% PbO by weight is referred to as "crystal glass". Lead glass has a chemical composition of silicon and lead oxides, with other elements added to get colours or properties.

Lead glass is also known as X-ray glass or radiation shielding glass as one of its major applications is in the absorbance of high energy radiation while maintaining optical transparency. The presence and quantity of PbO are what determines some of lead glass’ most important optical and physical properties.

The properties of lead glass make it useful for many applications. Here are a few examples:


Summoner

The Summoner is one of the characters in the Canterbury Tales.
He is always drunk. Children are afraid of him. When he drinks too much wine, he starts speaking in Latin. He has pimples on his face but is rather intelligent. Chaucer used to write about the medieval age. Anachronism can be found in his writings easily. Everything that he has described about the Summoner is set in that time.

Lead(II) chloride

Lead(II) chloride, also known as plumbous chloride and lead dichloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PbCl. It contains lead and chloride ions. The lead is in the +2 oxidation state. Its use may lead to lead poisoning.

Lead(II) chloride is a colorless crystalline solid. It does not dissolve well in water. It can dissolve in solutions that have chloride ions in them. It reacts with molten sodium nitrite to make lead(II) oxide. 

Lead(II) chloride is made by reacting sodium chloride or hydrochloric acid with lead nitrate. It can also be made by reacting lead(IV) oxide with hydrochloric acid. It can also be made by reacting chlorine with lead. 

It is used to make ceramics. A basic chloride is used in pigments.


Relic

A relic is an object, especially a piece of the body or a personal item of someone of religious importance, that was carefully preserved with an air of veneration as a memorial that you can touch. Relics are an important aspect of Buddhism, some denominations of Christianity, Hinduism, shamanism, and many other personal belief systems.

The word relic comes from the Latin "reliquiae" ('remains'). A reliquary is a shrine that houses one or more relics.

Some well-known religious relics include the Tooth of Buddha, the Holy Grail, the Crown of Thorns, the True Cross of Jesus, the Staff of Moses.


John F. Kennedy Jr.

John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. (November 25, 1960 – July 16, 1999) or simply known as JFK Jr., was an American attorney, businessman, journalist, and magazine publisher. He was the son of John F. Kennedy, the 35th president of the United States and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy.

Kennedy was also the younger brother of U.S. Ambassador Caroline Kennedy.

John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. was born on November 25, 1960, at Medstar Georgetown University Hospital in Georgetown, Washington D.C., to then president-elect John F. Kennedy and socialite Jacqueline Kennedy. He had an older sister named Caroline Kennedy, who was born in 1957. Kennedy also had two other siblings named Arabella Kennedy and Patrick Bouvier Kennedy, but both died of premature birth.

On January 20, 1961, Kennedy's father inaugurated and became the 35th president of the United States when he was one month old. His family became the immediate new first family and moved into the White House.

During his childhood in the White House, he was often seen playing with his father in the Oval Office with his sister underneath the presidential desk. As a child, Kennedy was fascinated about helicopters and airplanes.

When Kennedy was two years old, his father was assassinated on November 22, 1963, in Dallas, Texas. On November 25, his father's state funeral was held in Washington, D.C., on his third birthday, where he was accompanied by his family. During his father's state funeral, Kennedy rendered a salute to his father's casket, which later became a national symbol of his father's funeral.

On December 6, 1963, the Kennedy's officially moved out of the White House, moved back to Georgetown and later left from public life.

Kennedy and his family later moved to Manhattan in New York. Kennedy attended Saint David’s School, Collegiate School, and Phillips Academy. He graduated from Brown University in 1983 with a degree in American Studies. In 1989, Kennedy received a J.D. degree from the New York University School of Law.

From 1984 to 1988, Kennedy worked a regular job at the Office of Business Development after which he became a summer associate at a Los Angeles law firm with connections to the Democratic Party. He also pursued his passion in acting. In 1989, Kennedy headed the nonprofit group, Reaching Up, a nonprofit group providing opportunities to workers who help people with disabilities.

He passed the bar exam on the third attempt in July 1990, having failed twice before. For the next four years, Kennedy worked in the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office. In 1991, he won his first case as a prosecutor at the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office. During the summer of 1992, he also worked as a journalist.

In 1995, along with Michael Berman, Kennedy officially launched a politics, lifestyle, and fashion magazine called "George". By 1997, the magazine suffered a rapid drop in sales and was eventually bought out by a french publisher.

Kennedy was also passionate about piloting and had been taking regular flying lessons. He received his pilot’s license in April 1998.

Kennedy married Calvin Klein publicist Carolyn Bessette on September 21, 1996, in Cumberland Island, Georgia, who was his then girlfriend in 1995.

On July 16, 1999, He was attempting to fly his plane from Fairfield, New Jersey to Hyannis Port, Massachusetts, to attend his cousin’s wedding. Kennedy, his wife, and his sister in law, died in a plane crash in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Martha’s Vineyard. Their bodies were found by the U.S. Coast Guard, five days after the crash on July 21. On July 23, Kennedy's body was cremated and his ashes were later scattered across the sea.

A year after his death in 2000, Reaching Up and The City University of New York established the John F. Kennedy Jr. Institute. Kennedy had actively participated in humanitarian activities. Some of his efforts included building houses and distributing food in earthquakes and disaster zones in Guatemala, and co-founding a student discussion group focused on present-day issues such as apartheid, civil rights, and gun control.

Despite being born into a famous political family and in the media spotlight since birth, Kennedy preferred to live humbly and spend his life serving noble causes. While volunteering abroad he would live like the locals and during college, he lived off-campus in a shared house.

Ferdinand Maria, Elector of Bavaria

Ferdinand Maria, Elector of Bavaria (31 October 1636 – 26 May 1679) was a Wittelsbach ruler of Bavaria and an elector (Kurfürst) of the Holy Roman Empire from 1651 to 1679.

He was born in Munich and was the eldest son of Maximilian I, Elector of Bavaria and Maria Anna of Austria a daughter of Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor. 

On 8 December 1650 he married Henriette Adelaide of Savoy, daughter of Victor Amadeus I of Savoy and Christine Marie of France. The couple had seven children. 

Still a minor he succeeded his father in 1651, his mother and his uncle Albert VI of Bavaria served as regents of Bavaria for three years. 

Ferdinand Maria was crowned on 31 October 1654. He was an absolute monarch. He allied with France. Ferdinand Maria supported the wars of the Habsburgs against the Ottoman Empire with Bavarian forces (1662-1664). During the Franco-Dutch War since 1672 Bavaria became neutral. The marriage of his eldest daughter Maria Anna and her cousin "Louis, Grand Dauphin" in 1680 cemented the alliance with France. Ferdinand Maria modernised the army and introduced the first Bavarian local government code. He made Bavaria a rich nation. 

He died in Schleissheim Palace and was succeeded by his son Maximilian II Emanuel. He is buried at the Theatiner Church.


Christian apologetics

Christian apologetics is a field of Christian theology that tries to find a rational basis for the Christian faith. There have been many people who tried to do this, including Paul of Tarsus, Origen, Augustine of Hippo and C. S. Lewis. Apologists base their arguments on historical evidence and philosophy, amongst others.

Denny Hamlin

James Dennis Alan "Denny" Hamlin (born November 18, 1980 in Chesterfield, Virginia)

Hamlin started his racing career in 1988, at the age of 7 years old, racing Go-Karts. At the age of 16, he was racing Ministocks. In his first stock car race, at Langley Speedway, Hamlin won the pole position, and won the race. In 2004, while racing full-time in Late Model Stock Cars, Hamlin was signed to a development program with Joe Gibbs Racing.

In 2004, Hamlin raced in five NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series (NCTS) races with the team EJP Racing. He finished tenth in his first race, at Indianopolis Raceway Park. He ran his first ARCA RE/MAX Series race at Talladega Superspeedway, finishing third in the #10 Pontiac owned by Andy Hillenburg. His last start of the year came at Darlington Raceway, when he started his first Busch Series race. He started twenty-seventh but finished eighth in the #18 Joe Gibbs Driven Performance Oil Chevrolet.

Hamlin raced the full season in the #20 Rockwell Automation Chevrolet in the Busch Series. He finished 5th in the final championship points standings as a rookie in that series. Hamlin also raced in his first Nextel Cup Series races in 2005, making his Cup first start at Kansas Speedway as driver of the #11 FedEx Chevrolet. He made seven starts in the Sprint Cup series in 2005. He finished the Sprint Cup season with three top 10 finishes in seven starts and one pole at Phoenix International Raceway.

In 2006, Hamlin raced his first full season in the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series. He also drove in the Busch Series full-time. In Hamlin's first race as a Nextel Cup driver, he won the 70-lap 2006 Budweiser Shootout. Hamlin became the first Rookie to win the Budweiser Shootout. Hamlin got his first career Busch Series win at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez on March 5th 2006. On June 11 2006, Hamlin won his first career Nextel Cup Series race at the Pocono 500. He got his second career win on July 23, in the Pennsylvania 500, also at Pocono Raceway. In the Nextel Cup Series, Hamlin won the Raybestos Rookie of the Year award and finished third in the final standings.

In 2007 Denny Hamlin finished 12th overall in the final standings in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. In the Nationwide Series, Hamlin won three races, Darlington, Michigan, and Dover in the #20 Rockwell Automation Chevy.

In 2008, Hamlin finished 8th in the Sprint Cup Series and won early in the season at Martinsville Speedway. He won three races in the Nationwide Series, driving both the #18 and #20 cars for Joe Gibbs Racing, as well as the #32 Dollar General/Haas Avocados car for Braun Racing.

In 2009 Hamlin won his fifth career race at Pocono Raceway on August 3, 2009. The win was Hamlin's third at Pocono. It was an emotional win for Hamlin as his grandmother, Thelma Clark, died the Friday before the race.

Hamlin also won races at Martinsville Speedway, his home track Richmond International Raceway, and the last race of the year at Homestead-Miami Speedway. Hamlin ended the season 5th in the Sprint Cup Series points.

On January 22, 2010, Denny Hamlin tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee while playing basketball. 
On March 27, 2010 Hamlin said he was going to have surgery on his left knee the next Monday. If he did not have the surgery, his knee would have been injured worse.

Three weeks after his surgery on April 19, 2010, Hamlin won the race at Texas Motor Speedway. It was the 10th win of his career.

Later in the season Hamlin finished 43rd in a race at Atlanta Motor Speedway. This was the first time that Denny Hamlin finished last in a race. This race moved Hamlin into 10th place in the Sprint Cup Series points, and made sure he would have a place in the championship race. Denny Hamlin won 8 races in the 2010 Sprint Cup Series but finished the season 2nd in Sprint Cup Series points behind Jimmie Johnson.

After a strong second place finish in 2010, 2011 was not a very good year for Denny Hamlin. Hamlin had mechanical problems many times in 2011, and this hurt his chances at finishing well in the points. Hamlin only won one race in 2011, and finished the season 9th in the points standing.


Anterior cruciate ligament

The anterior cruciate ligament is one of the four major ligaments of the human knee. The injury of this ligament is the most common one of the knee. Many athletes suffer from this condition. Moving the knee sideways or rotating it can cause this ligament to strain or tear. Tears will almost always require surgery to repair.

Post-transition metal

The post-transition metals, also known as the poor metals, is a group of metals on the periodic table. They are to the right of the transition metals. The Group 12 elements are sometimes included. Sometimes germanium and antimony are included, although they are normally considered metalloids. They normally have higher electronegativities than the transition metals. Their melting points are lower, too. They are generally softer than other metals. They include lead, tin and other softer metals. 


Lead(II) sulfide

Lead(II) sulfide, also known as plumbuus sulfide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PbS. It contains lead and sulfide ions. The lead is in its +2 oxidation state.

Lead(II) sulfide is a black solid. It does not react with acids. It reacts with air at a high temperature to make lead(II) oxide. It is one of the least toxic forms of lead. This does not mean that it is not toxic, though. It is the result of a test for hydrogen sulfide. Paper soaked in lead(II) acetate is passed through hydrogen sulfide. The colorless lead(II) acetate turns black.

It can be made by reacting hydrogen sulfide with lead(II) acetate or lead(II) nitrate. This makes a black solid.

It is found as the mineral galena. Galena is a little shinier.

It was once used as a black pigment. Now it is mainly used in infrared detectors. 


Lead(IV) acetate

Lead(IV) acetate, also known as plumbic acetate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Pb(CHO). It contains lead and acetate ions. The lead is in its +4 oxidation state.

Lead(IV) acetate is a colorless or pink solid. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It reacts with water. 

It can be made by reacting lead(II,IV) oxide with acetic acid.

Lead(IV) acetate is used in organic chemistry as an oxidizing agent. It is also used to add lead to other organic compounds.


Lead(II) bromide

Lead(II) bromide, also known as plumbous bromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PbBr. It contains lead and bromide ions. The lead is in its +2 oxidation state.

Lead(II) bromide is a white solid. It only dissolves a little in water. It melts to make a liquid that conducts a little electricity. It is toxic because it has lead in it.

It can be made by reacting lead(II) nitrate or lead(II) acetate with hydrobromic acid or any other bromide. 


Lead(II) sulfate

Lead(II) sulfate, also known as plumbous sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is PbSO. It contains lead and sulfate ions. The lead is in its +2 oxidation state.

Lead(II) sulfate is a white solid. It does not dissolve in water. It is toxic because it has lead in it. It does not dissolve in sulfuric acid.

Lead(II) sulfate is made in a lead acid battery by normal usage. It can be made by reacting lead(II) acetate or lead(II) nitrate with any sulfate. It is found as a mineral named anglesite. This mineral is made when galena is oxidized.


Anderson Cooper

Anderson Hays Vanderbilt Cooper (born June 3, 1967) is an American journalist. He is an anchor on CNN. He hosts "Anderson Cooper 360°" and the syndicated daytime talk show, "Anderson Live".

Cooper was born in New York City. His mother is Gloria Vanderbilt; his father was Wyatt Emory Cooper. Cooper's great-great-great-grandfather was Cornelius Vanderbilt, a 19th-century American businessman and slave owner.

On July 2, 2012, Cooper came out as gay.

Contra

Contra (known as Probotector in Europe) is a 1987 arcade shooting video game. The player plays as Bill Rizer (player 1) or Lance Bean (player 2), as they try to stop and evil extraterrestrial terrorist organization Red Falcon from taking over the planet Earth and making the human species extinct.

Either Bill or Lance is chosen. The player has a rifle with no limit to the number of times it can shoot. However, the player dies after being hit by an enemy once.

The game has ten stages. For each stage, the player must shoot out the sensors before moving on. A player has 3 lives, and when all of them are lost, the game ends. In the arcade version, the player can continue a few times.

There are three types of stages:


Most stages are side-scroller stages, though Contra stages follow a basic pattern.

Small arms

A small arm is a gun that is small enough to be carried and used by one person. This includes pistols, shotguns, and rifles. Artillery means larger guns that can need more than one person to operate.

Ryan Caldwell

Ryan Caldwell (born June 15, 1981 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Schwenninger Wild Wings of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). He has also played for the New York Islanders and Phoenix Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL), the DEG Metro Stars, Eisbären Berlin, and Thomas Sabo Ice Tigers of the DEL, and Ässät and Lukko of the SM-liiga.

As an amateur he was an All-American defenceman and captained the University of Denver Pioneers to the 2004 NCAA Championship.


Aaron MacKenzie

Aaron G. MacKenzie (born March 7, 1981, in Terrace Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played briefly in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Colorado Avalanche.

MacKenzie made his NHL debut with the Avalanche in a 4-1 win against the Vancouver Canucks. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2015.

Connie Madigan

Cornelius Dennis "Mad Dog" Madigan (October 4, 1934 – January 2, 2024) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman notable for being the oldest rookie in National Hockey League history.

After playing several years in senior leagues in Ontario and British Columbia in the late 1950s, Madigan had a long career as a minor league star, most notably with the Fort Wayne Komets of the International Hockey League for three seasons in the early 1960s, and then for the Portland Buckaroos of the Western Hockey League for nine seasons. He won accolades as First Team league All-Star in 1960, 1966, 1967, 1968 and 1969, Second Team All-Star in 1965, 1971 and 1972, as well as winning best defenceman honors in 1966.

In the 1972–73 NHL season, the St. Louis Blues of the NHL bought Madigan's rights from the Buckaroos, and he joined the Blues in January 1973 at the age of 38, becoming the oldest rookie ever. He played for the Blues in twenty regular-season games and five playoff games, before finishing his career with Portland in parts of the two successive seasons.

At the time of his retirement, Madigan was second in minor league history in career penalty minutes, and is still 62nd in that category.

In addition to Madigan's hockey career, he had a minor role in the 1977 cult classic movie "Slap Shot" as legendary hockey goon Ross "Mad Dog" Madison.

Madigan died on January 2, 2024.

JaVale McGee

JaVale McGee (born January 19, 1988 in Flint, Michigan) is an American basketball player that currently plays for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He went to University of Nevada, Reno for college where he played for the Nevada Wolf Pack. McGee was drafted by the Washington Wizards with the 18th overall pick in the 1st round of the 2008 NBA Draft. McGee also participated in the 2011 NBA Slam Dunk Contest where he finished in second place, losing to Blake Griffin. During the 2012-2013 season, he one the "Shaqtin A Fool Mvp". He was the first player to dunk three basketballs at one time in a dunk contest. On March 15, 2012, He was traded by the Wizards to the Denver Nuggets for Nenê. McGee's father was George Montgomery who was also a NBA player and his mother is Pamela McGee who was a WNBA player which made McGee the first son of an WNBA player to play in the NBA.


Kevin Love

Kevin Wesley Love (born September 7, 1988 in Santa Monica, California) is an American basketball player that currently plays for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He used to play for the Minnesota Timberwolves and Cleveland Cavaliers. He went to UCLA for college where he played for the UCLA Bruins basketball team.

He is the son of former NBA player Stan Love and the nephew of founding Beach Boys member Mike Love.

Western grey kangaroo

The western grey kangaroo ("Macropus fuliginosus") is a large and very common kangaroo or macropod. It lives right across the southern part of Australia. They live from just south of Shark Bay in Western Australia to western Victoria. In South Australia they live along the coast. They also live in the Murray-Darling Basin in New South Wales and Queensland. The subspecies on Kangaroo Island, South Australia, is called the Kangaroo Island kangaroo.

The western grey kangaroo is one of the largest kangaroos. It weighs 28–54 kg and its length is 0.84-1.1m with a 80–100 cm tail, and is about 1.3m tall. It has sexual dimorphism with the male up to twice the size of female. It has thick, coarse fur with colour ranging from pale grey to brown. It has a paler color on its throat, chest and belly. It feeds at night, mainly on grasses but also on leafy shrubs and low trees. It has a nickname "Stinker" because mature males have a curry-like odour.

The kangaroo lives in groups of up to 15. The males compete for females during the breeding season. During these "boxing" contests, they would lock arms and try to push each other over. Usually, only the strongest male in the group mates. The gestation period is 30–31 days. After the birth, the tiny baby Joey attaches to the teat in the females pouch for nine months. After it comes out of the pouch, it will continue to drink milk from the mother's pouch for about another nine months.

Long known to the Aboriginal people of Australia, for Europeans, the western grey was the centre of a great deal of sometimes comical taxonomic confusion for almost 200 years. It was first noted by European settlers when the great explorer Matthew Flinders landed on Kangaroo Island in 1802. Flinders shot several for food but assumed that they were eastern grey kangaroos. In 1803 French explorers captured several Kangaroo Island Western Greys and shipped them home to Paris, where they lived in the zoological gardens for some years. Eventually, researchers at the Paris Museum of Natural History recognised that these animals were indeed different and formally described the species as "Macropus fuliginosus" in 1817. Unfortunately, for reasons that remain unclear, it was described as native to Tasmania.

There the matter rested for over 100 years, and it was not until 1917 that researchers realised that the "forester kangaroo" of Tasmania was in fact "Macropus giganteus", the same western grey kangaroo that was, and still is, widespread in the more fertile south-eastern part of the mainland. By 1971, it was understood that the Kangaroo Island species was the same as the kangaroos of southern Western Australia, and that this population extended through much of the eastern part of the continent as well. For a time, three subspecies were described, two on the mainland and one on Kangaroo Island. Finally, by the early 1990s, the current understanding emerged.

There are two subspecies of the western grey: "Macropus fuliginosus fuliginosus" which lives on Kangaroo Island, and "Macropus fuliginosus melanops", which has a range of different types that change gradually from west to east.

The western grey does not live in the tropical north or the fertile south-east of Australia. The eastern grey does not live over the NSW-South Australia border, but the two species are both common in the Murray-Darling Basin area. They never interbreed in the wild, although hybrids between eastern grey females and western grey males have been produced in captivity.

The western grey kangaroo is also called the black-faced kangaroo, mallee kangaroo, sooty kangaroo and carno kangaroo.

Traditional animation

Traditional animation is much harder than today's style of animation. It often uses a stop-motion camera to "liven", or animate, the photos made by the producer. When movie-makers use stop-motion, they need to draw one picture for every scene. However, there are tools to help save time with movie-making. Other types of animation, such as limited or digital animation, can also be used now. FPS is the number of times a movie is shot in one second.

The photographer first shoots out or edits many photos. These photos are combined to make the storyline. And as with all movies, not all scenes make it into the final movie.

Many people help out in the editing of a movie. But in old times, people had to draw the scenes on their own. Then the stop-motion camera took a photo of a scene once a second.

Most movies or cartoons in the 1950's required very hard work of the editors. To make things cheaper, though, people made limited animation that used two to three copies of the same image (so the stop-motion process would be two to three times faster.)

Right now movie-makers use digital animation to "liven the movie even more". Movies from the 2000 to 2010 years are usually 1–2 hours long.

FPS, or "frames per second", is the number of scenes being shot in one second. The higher this is, the more "smooth" the film looks. Most movies have an FPS of 24 to 60.

Cels, or celluloids, are tools used to "preserve" scenes. An editor uses a cell to draw a scene then make changes to it on the next drawing. It is useful when a cartoon or movie involves moving figures or objects.

Sometimes a sketch pad is used to draft the scenes the editors think would be good in the movie. A sketchpad at first may contain a comic book that looks like an animation when the editors flip it back and forth.

Often editors preview the animation with a video shower. On the stream of scenes, movie-makers test their animation and fix bugs or problems.


Milarepa

Milarepa (c. 1052—1135) is the most famous yogi, poet and Buddhist saint of Tibet. A collection of his teachings in the form of poetic songs called "The Hundred Thousand songs of Milarepa", and his biography "The Life of Milarepa" are two of the most popular books in Tibet.

Milarepa was a student of Marpa and the teacher of Gampopa. Together these three (Marpa, Milarepa and Gampopa) are considered to be the founders of the Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism.

Milarepa was born in the village of Kya Ngatsa in the Gungthang province of western Tibet to a family of farmers. He was named Mila Thöpaga, which means ""Mila, a joy to hear."" When his father died, Milarepa's uncle and aunt took all of the family's wealth and property and mistreated Milarepa, his mother and sister. At his mother's urging, Milarepa left home and studied magic so that he could take revenge on his uncle and aunt.

While his aunt and uncle were having a party to celebrate the marriage of their son, Mila took his revenge by summoning a great hail storm to demolish their house, which killed 35 people. The villagers were angry and set off to look for Milarepa, but his mother got word to him and he sent anther hailstorm to destroy their crops.

Mila later came to regret his evil actions and so became determined to practice the Buddha's teachings. Setting out to find a teacher, he was eventually led to Marpa the translator. Marpa proved a harsh task master. Before Marpa would teach Mila, he had him build and then demolish three towers in turn and go through many other trials. Eventually Mila was granted the teachings of the Six Yogas of Naropa and Mahamudra. After practicing these teacings very diligently for twelve years in remote Himalayan caves of Tibet and Nepal, Mila attained the complete enlightenment. He is said to be the first to achieve this state within one lifetime. During his meditation practice he ate mostly nettle soup which made his skin turn green, and wore only a single cotton robe. He became known as Milarepa, which means the "Mila, the cotton clad one".

Later Milarepa become a wandering teacher and attracted many disciples, of whom the most well known were Rechungpa and Gampopa. Rechungpa followed the yogic lifestyle of his teacher while Gampopa, a Kadampa monk, eventually established a monastery a Daglha Gampo which became the first Kagyu institution. Later Gampopa's immediate disciples and their successors established the various branches of the Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism.

The Pillars of the Earth

The Pillars of the Earth is a history novel set in the 12th century written in 1989 by Ken Follett. The book is currently being made into a film of four parts. 2007 Ken Follett published a sequel to the book entitled "World Without End.

Galactic quadrant

A galactic quadrant is one of four sectors of the Milky Way galaxy.

A galactic quadrant is also a fictional area in the television show "Star Trek". In the television show the Milky Way Galaxy is split into four sections. These sections are the Alpha Quadrant, Beta Quadrant, Gamma Quadrant, and Delta Quadrant.

Quinn Sullivan

Quinn Sullivan (born March 26, 1999) is an American child prodigy from New Bedford MA. He plays the guitar. 

Sullivan began taking guitar lessons at age three. He has studied with Brian Cass of The Overclock Orchestra and the Toe Jam Puppet Band as well as Stan Belmarce. The first original song he wrote with Chris Waters was titled "Sing, Dance, Clap Your Hands". Sullivan first gained national media attention at age six when he appeared on "The Ellen Degeneres Show". Sullivan gained more notoriety when Buddy Guy asked him to come on stage and play during a performance at the Zeiterion Theater in New Bedford, Massachusetts, in 2007. Quinn has since performed on stage with Guy as well as with B.B. King and has played in venues such as the Beacon Theatre in New York City, the Orpheum Theatre in Boston, and Buddy Guy’s Legends in Chicago. In 2008, Sullivan appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" and was featured on NBC's "The Today Show" in July 2009. In 2009, Sullivan opened for Buddy Guy on his East Coast tour during the summer, played his own set at the popular summer music festival Lollapalooza, as well as the Austin City Limits Festival in October.

Sullivan makes a guest appearance on Buddy Guy’s Grammy-nominated album "Skin Deep", released in 2008. Sullivan's solo can be heard on the track “Who’s Gonna Fill Those Shoes”. Sullivan's single, "Summer of Love", was released in 2009.



Yellowfin tuna

The yellowfin tuna ("Thunnus albacares") is a species of tuna found in pelagic waters of tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide.
Yellowfin is often marketed as ahi, from its name ʻahi although the name ʻahi in Hawaiian also refers to the closely related bigeye tuna. Although the species name "albacares" might suggest otherwise, the fish usually known as albacore is a different species of tuna. The yellowfin tuna is sometimes referred to as albacore by French and Portuguese fishermen. It is the National fish of the Maldives.

Chowder

Chowder is the name of a soup usually made with fish or mussels. It is especially popular in the United States. There is also many types of chowder: corn chowder, Bermuda fish chowder, clam chowder.

Malcolm Rifkind

Sir Malcolm Leslie Rifkind (born 21 June 1946) is a British Conservative Party politician. He hold cabinet positions in the governments of Margaret Thatcher and John Major. He was the Chairman for the Intelligence and Security Committee and the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Kensington.

Malcolm Rifkind was born in Edinburgh into a Jewish family from Lithuania. He first became a Conservative MP at the February 1974 General Election for the constituency of Edinburgh Pentlands. He was first made a cabinet minister in 1979 and served constantly through 18 years of Conservative government. 

His cabinet posts included: 


At the 1997 General Election, Malcolm Rifkind lost his seat to the Labour Party. He tried but failed to regain the seat at the 2001 General Election and re-entered parliament in 2005 as the MP for Kensington. Rifkind left parliament in 2015.

Brandon Jennings

Brandon Jennings (born September 23, 1989 in Compton, California) is an American basketball player. He plays point guard for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played basketball in Italy for Lottomatica Roma of the Italian Lega A.

Red wolf

The red wolf ("Canis rufus") is a subspecies of wolf. It is an endangered species of wolf from Eastern North America. 

Red wolves were declared extinct in the wild in 1980 after the few remaining wild wolves were placed in a captive breeding program. Reintroduced to the wild in 1987 in northeastern North Carolina, red wolves began to recover, but the population is rapidly diminishing as of late 2016. 

The red wolf is smaller than a gray wolf and larger than a coyote. It is slender and long-legged, and it lives in the wild only on the Albemarle Peninsula in North Carolina. It hunts small mammals, rodents, and white-tailed deer. 

There is a lot of controversy about its taxonomy, which is not settled yet. 

Ocelot

The ocelot ("Leopardus pardalis") is a small mammal, one of nine species in the genus "Leopardus".

Normally it lives in South and Central America, as far up as Mexico. It has been reported as far north as Texas and in Trinidad, in the Caribbean. These fast cats eat small mammals, birds, fish, and snakes. They are very good swimmers.

Once hunted for its beautiful fur, the cat is now protected and listed as 'least concern' by the IUCN Red List. The cat is nocturnal and likes forests and dense vegetation. It is very territorial, and will fight to keep its territory. Like many cats, male ocelots mark their territory by spraying urine.

Their kittens grow slowly, staying with their mother for up to two years. They have to learn how to catch prey before they can be independent.

Although a "small cat", it is a good deal bigger than the others. The ocelot ranges from in length, plus in tail length, and typically weighs . Larger ones have been reported. It is the largest of the generally dainty "Leopardus" wild cat genus.

Iteration

An iteration is a step where some action is repeated again and again. In everyday life, an iteration is simply a repeated action, for example when someone says, "Do I have to re"iterate" myself?". In this case, the re"iteration" is what the person said and might say again. In computer science, an iteration is one run through a block of code that is repeated multiple times. In fractal geometry, an iteration is one application of the set of rules of the fractal to create another stage of the fractal. it is also used in computer programming.


Solar plexus

The solar plexus is a nerve plexus in the abdomen at the center of the body. The plexus is a complex of nerves which serves various organs in the central part of the body. It is also known as the celiac plexus Celiac plexus.

Dennis Brain

Dennis Brain (born 17 May 1921; died London, 1 September 1957) was a British horn player. During his short life he became world-famous. Many people thought of him as the greatest horn player ever. He made the horn very popular among classical music lovers in Britain. His recordings include the four horn concertos by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart which he recorded with the Philharmonia Orchestra conducted by Herbert von Karajan.

Dennis Brain was born in London on 17 May 1921. Several of his family were horn players, including his father Aubrey, his grandfather Alfred Edwin Brain Sr and his uncle Alfred Edwin Brain Jr. His mother Marion was a singer who had sung at Covent Garden. He had a brother Leonard who was 6 years older and who was to become an excellent oboe player.

Dennis started to learn the piano. He also played bugle in the school cadet band at Richmond Hill Preparatory School. From there he was sent to St Paul’s School in Kensington where he sang in the choir and played piano solos at concerts. In 1936 he left school and got a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Music where he learned the horn with his father as well as the piano and, from 1938, the organ. He learned a lot from his organ teacher G.D.Cunningham who had taught his uncle Alfred the piano some 40 years before.

Dennis’s first professional concert was at the Queen’s Hall in 1938 when he played Bach’s Brandenburg Concerto no 1 together with his father (there are important solo parts for two horns in this music). Soon he was playing in other concerts and making gramophone recordings.

The outbreak of World War II in 1939 interrupted his last year of studies. All theatre halls and concert-halls were closed. He managed to get a job as principal horn with the RAF Central Band which were in Uxbridge in north-west London. Dennis was always a very friendly person who got on well with everybody. The older players in the band might not have liked a 17-year-old boy to have a principal’s job, but everybody realized he had exceptional skills. He played in concerts whenever possible. There were lunch-hour concerts in the National Gallery during the war, and he often played in these. He started to become famous. He met Benjamin Britten and he persuaded him to compose his "Serenade for Tenor, Horn and Strings". He performed it in 1943 with the tenor Peter Pears and they recorded it for Decca in 1944. He toured the USA with the RAF Orchestra. Several conductors heard him and wanted Brain to join their orchestra.

By 1945, Brain was the most famous horn player in England. He was still only 24. His father hurt himself in a fall and could not play much. Dennis took over some of his work. After the war two new orchestras were formed in London: the Philharmonia and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. Brain was made principal horn player in both. Later, he left the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra because he did not have time.

Brain played a lot of chamber music, forming a wind quintet with his brother in 1946. This group got bigger and toured to Germany, Italy and Austria. Brain also started a trio with the pianist Wilfrid Parry and violinist Jean Pougnet. The trio toured Scotland twice and there were plans to tour Australia in the winter of 1957.

In November 1953 Brain recorded the Mozart Horn Concertos Nos. 1–4 for EMI with the Philharmonia Orchestra with Karajan conducting. He kept up his organ playing (his teacher had hoped he would become an organist) and in July 1954, again conducted by Karajan, Brain performed the organ part in a recording of the Easter hymn from Pietro Mascagni's "Cavalleria rusticana".

In 1955 Brain became known to millions of people when he presented a radio program called "The Early Horn".

Brain had a good sense of humour. Among the many concerts he played in was a music festival in 1956 which celebrated the life of Gerard Hoffnung, the artist who had drawn many cartoons about music. Dennis played a Leopold Mozart horn concerto by blowing through rubber hose pipes. He cut the hose to the length he needed with garden shears so that it was perfectly in tune.

Brain was known for being careless. The horn he played for many years had lots of dents in it because he kept knocking it or dropping it. Benjamin Britten gave him a second copy of music for a new work he had written. Inside he wrote: "For Dennis - in case he loses the other one". His Alexander horn was badly damaged in his fatal crash. Normally it would have been thrown away, but it was saved and was restored by Paxmans of London and can be seen in the Royal Academy of Music's free museum.

Brain often asked composers to write new works for him to perform. Many composers wrote for him without even being asked. Among them were Benjamin Britten "Serenade for Tenor, Horn and Strings", "Canticle III", Malcolm Arnold "Horn Concerto No. 2", Paul Hindemith "Concerto for Horn and Orchestra", York Bowen "Concerto for Horn, Strings and Timpani", Peter Racine Fricker "Horn Sonata" (Dennis was at school with Peter), Gordon Jacob "Concerto for Horn and String Orchestra", Mátyás Seiber "Notturno" for Horn and Strings", Humphrey Searle "Aubade" for Horn and Strings, Ernest Tomlinson "Rhapsody and Rondo" for Horn and Orchestra, "Romance and Rondo" for Horn and Orchestra, Lennox Berkeley "Trio for Horn, Violin and Piano" and Elisabeth Lutyens.

Brain also made the two horn concertos by Richard Strauss very popular. He was the second to perform the "Horn Concerto No. 2" in public in 1948.

Apart from horns Dennis had one big passion: he loved cars. At orchestral rehearsals he often had a car magazine on the music stand instead of his music (he knew the music from memory anyway). His first car was an open Morris 8 with two seats. He shared it during the war with his brother to motor from Uxbridge into London. Later he had several cars. Whenever a car did not work he bought another instead of repairing it. He loved to drive and would often drive all the way home after a concert even if it was 100s of miles. Elisabeth Schwarzkopf let him drive her huge Hudson saloon car over the Gotthard Pass in Switzerland when it was officially closed because of heavy snow. On another occasion Herbert von Karajan let him drive his Mercedes 300SL. Once he bought a very rare 1939 12-cylinder Lagonda, but he soon crashed it and it could not be repaired. Other cars included a Citroen and a green TR2 sports car.

On 31 August 1957 Dennis was at the Edinburgh Festival playing a concert in the Usher Hall. The Philharmonia Orchestra were playing Tchaikovsky Symphony No. 6, "Pathétique" with the conductor Eugene Ormandy. Unusually that day he seemed tired and Ormandy told him he should get more rest. But Dennis had a recording session the next morning in London, so after the concert he got into his car (his TR2), put his horn on the back seat and set off on the 380-mile journey back home.

It was about 6.00am the next morning when he was near London. It was raining heavily and he was on the A1 at the Barnet by-pass. According to witnesses he was travelling very fast when he came to a bend, the car left the road, turned over and crashed into a tree. The car was a complete wreck. Dennis was dead. He was 36 years old. He was buried at Hampstead Cemetery in London.

Whenever Dennis played his horn is sounded easy and effortless. It had an extraordinary lyrical beauty and was always incredibly musical. He was a very sensitive player who listened very carefully to the other players and blended in with them. At first he played a French instrument, a Raoux piston-valve horn, similar to that used by his father. This type of instrument has a lovely smooth tone, but was less powerful than the German-made instruments which had become popular since the 1920s. In 1951 he changed to single B instrument made by Alexander, which was not quite as wide as the usual German instruments, still keeping the lighter sound of French horns.

Dennis had made the horn very popular as an instrument, not just through his concerts and recordings but also through the radio. He played difficult music that other horn players could not play. His Mozart recordings inspired Flanders and Swann's "Ill Wind" and his classical playing. His sudden death added to the musical legend.


Aubrey Brain

Aubrey Brain (born London 12 July 1893; died London 21 September 1955) was a British French horn player. There were a lot of French horn players in his family. His father, Alfred Edwin Brain senior, played in Henry Wood’s orchestra at the very first prom in 1895. Later he played for the London Symphony Orchestra. His brother, also called Alfred Edwin Brain, was principal horn player in Henry Wood’s Queen’s Hall Orchetra, but then he emigrated to the USA where he eventually played for the Los Angeles Philharmonic. His son Dennis Brain was to become the most famous French horn player of all.

Aubrey Brain was born in London in 1893. He started to learn the horn from his father. In 1911 he won a scholarship to the Royal College of Music. He soon became one of Britain’s best horn players. The other great players of the French horn were his father, his elder brother and Adolf Borsdorf. He became principal horn player of the Beecham Opera Company. There he met Marion Beeley, a mezzo-soprano. They married in the summer of 1914 just before the World War I. When war broke out he joined the Welsh Guards and played horn in the band. After the war it was difficult for him at first to find a really good job as horn player . The best horn jobs were already taken by his brother Alfred. Aubrey and Marion had two sons: Leonard (born 1915) and Dennis (born 1921). However, in 1922 Alfred emigrated to the United States. Aubrey soon became first horn of the Royal Philharmonic Society (his father played second horn), and first horn of the Queen’s Hall Orchestra. He was also first horn in the New Symphony and soon he joined the orchestra of Covent Garden as principal horn. In 1923 he joined the London Symphony Orchestra.

In 1923 Borsdorf retired as professor of horn at the Royal Academy of Music, and Aubrey took his place. One of his first pupils was his younger brother Arthur. Although very talented Arthur decided not to take up horn playing professionally and joined the police. Later, Aubrey’s son Dennis was one of his students.

Aubrey had a very successful career, not only as principal horn player in several orchestras, but also as a soloist. He played Mozart’s Second Horn Concerto in 1923 at The Proms. His playing can be heard on several of the very early recordings when the LSO recorded for HMV. Several works were written for him, including the Concerto for French horn, Violin and orchestra by Dame Ethel Smythe. He played it very well, including the chords in the last movement (it is possible to play chords on the horn by humming one note and playing another note of the harmonic series). He played it at the Proms. The conductor Bruno Walter invited him to play it in Berlin. This made Aubrey the first British horn player to play a solo concerto abroad.

When the BBC Symphony Orchestra was started in 1930 Aubrey was their principal horn player. He was still principal horn player with the other big London orchestras (this would be impossible nowadays), but gradually his gave up these positions as the BBC Symphony Orchestra got more and more work and needed their players to be full time.
Aubrey played a French-type horn (a “Raoux horn”) which had a narrow-bore (the tube was very narrow). The German-type horn had a wider bode and made a slightly different sound. Playing on a Raoux horn there was more risk of a note cracking (not speaking properly). The German-type horn was becoming very popular in England, but Aubrey insisted that all the horn players in the BBC Symphony Orchestra continued to play on Raoux horns. Aubrey was a very skilled musician in chamber music and made a recording with the violinist Adolf Busch and the pianist Rudolf Serkin of the Brahms Horn Trio. It sold many copies and continued to sell for many years until the 78rpm records were replaced by long-playing records.

During the war Aubrey started to have health problems. He had a bad fall on Christmas Day 1940. Towards the end of the war he started to get blurred vision, his speech became slurred and he had strange feelings in his fingers and toes. He retired in 1945 after the first rehearsal for the Prom season. He still performed occasionally, usually together with his son Dennis. He died on 20 September 1955, three days after a bad fall which gave him a heart attack.

Aubrey Brain may be remembered less today because of the exceptional fame of his son Dennis. However, he was a very great horn player who helped to improve the standard of horn playing in Britain, both by his teaching and by the example of his performances. The recordings on which he can be heard were all made before the days of the LP. His older son Leonard became a well-known oboist.


Tweed New Haven Airport

Tweed New Haven Regional Airport , formerly known as Tweed-New Haven Airport, is a public airport southeast of the central business district of New Haven, Connecticut, United States. Tweed New Haven Regional Airport is currently owned by the City of New Haven. The airport property is in New Haven and the town of East Haven.

American Eagle provides daily non-stop service to Philadelphia, PA and weekly non-stop service to Charlotte, NC. 

Bangor International Airport

Bangor International Airport is a public use passenger airport. It is 3 miles (5 km) west of the city of Bangor, Maine, United States. It is owned and operated by the City of Bangor. It used to be a military base called Dow Air Force Base. The airport has a single runway that is 11,439 ft (3486 m) long and 200 ft (60 m) wide. 

The airport is used a lot because it's near the Great Circle Route, a major air route between Europe and the East Coast of the United States. The 'international' in the airport's name doesn't refer to it being close to Canada (to which it has no regular flights), but its role in travel across the Atlantic Ocean.

Bangor International Airport has passenger service on three airlines, Delta Airlines, Allegiant Air, and US Airways. 

Vertebrate brain

The vertebrate brain is the main part of the central nervous system. In vertebrates (and most other animals) the brain is at the front, in the head. It is protected by the skull and close to the main senses of vision, hearing, balance, taste, and smell. As an animal moves forward, its senses collect data about the surroundings, and that data goes directly to the brain.

Brains are extremely complex. The brain controls the other organs of the body, either by activating muscles or by causing secretion of chemicals such as hormones and neurotransmitters. Muscular action allows rapid and coordinated responses to changes in the environment; hormones and the autonomic nervous system make slower changes in the body.
It is also a part of human and animal body. The brain of an adult human weights about 13001400 grams

In vertebrates, the spinal cord by itself can cause reflex responses as well as simple movement such as swimming or walking. However, sophisticated control of behaviour requires a centralized brain.

The structure of all vertebrate brains is basically the same. At the same time, during the course of evolution, the vertebrate brain has undergone changes, and become more effective. In so-called 'lower' animals, most or all of the brain structure is inherited, and therefore their behaviour is mostly instinctive. In mammals, and especially in man, the brain is developed further during life by learning. This has the benefit of helping them fit better into their environment. The capacity to learn is seen best in the cerebral cortex.


Several brain areas have kept their identities across the whole range of vertebrates, from hagfishes to humans. Here is a list of some of the most important areas, with a brief description of their functions as currently understood. These functions may still be disputed to some degree. Starting from the back (or, in humans, the underneath part) the regions are:

The relationship between brain size, body size and other variables has been studied in a wide range of vertebrate species. Brain size increases with body size but not proportionally.

Averaging across all mammals, it follows a power law, with an exponent of about 0.75. This formula applies to the average brain of mammals but each family departs from it, reflecting their sophistication of behavior. For example, primates have brains 5 to 10 times as large as the formula predicts. Predators tend to have larger brains. When the mammalian brain increases in size, not all parts increase at the same rate. The larger the brain of a species, the greater the fraction taken up by the neocortex.

Cassiterite

Cassiterite is a mineral. Its chemical formula is SnO. It contains tin dioxide. It is black because of impurities. It is the main ore of tin. Its Mohs hardness is 6-7.

Group 14 element

The Group 14 elements, also known as the carbon group and the Group IV elements, is a group of elements on the periodic table. Each element has 4 valence electrons. Only carbon makes anions. Silicon and germanium are semimetals. Tin and lead are poor metals. Ununquadium, a radioactive element, is not stable enough to see its properties. All of them can form +4 oxidation state compounds. Tin and lead can form +2 compounds, too.

U.S. Route 2

U.S. Route 2 is a highway that has two parts. The western part begins in Everett, Washington and ends in St. Ignace, Michigan. The eastern part begins in Rouses Point, New York and ends in Houlton, Maine. For much of its route, Route 2 runs near the U.S.-Canadian border. Part of it follows the Theodore Roosevelt Highway. It goes through Glacier National Park.

U.S. Route 3

U.S. Route 3 is a highway that travels from Cambridge, Massachusetts to the Canadian border.

Tunak Tunak Tun

Tunak Tunak Tun is an Indian pop song released in 1998. It has become an internet meme. It was made because most of Daler Mehndi's other videos have women dancing. Some people said that was the only reason his music was popular. This one has just him but became a success anyway. It has used bluescreen technology.

Todd Bodine

Todd Bodine (February 27, 1964 in Chemung, New York) is an American racecar driver. Bodine was given the nickname The Onion because of his bald head. Bodine drives the #30 Toyota Tundra for Germain Racing in the Camping World Truck Series. Todd Bodine has two Camping World Truck Series championships.

Bodine drove in his first NASCAR Busch Series race in 1986, for Pistone Racing at Martinsville. He started and finished the race in 27th after his car had an engine problem.

Bodine did not race in the Busch Series again until 1990, when he drove in eight races for Diamond Ridge Motorsports in the #42 and #81 Ames Pontiac. His first race of the year was again at Martinsville. In 1991, Bodine decided to drive his first full season for Frank Cicci. He won one race and had 15 top ten finishes. At the end of the year, Bodine was 7th in points.

Bodine drove in his first Winston Cup Series race at Watkins Glen International Raceway on August 9, 1992. He drove the #34 Ford Thunderbird for Cicci-Welliver Racing, finishing 37th. He drove his first full season in the Winston Cup Series series in 1994 when he raced for Butch Mock Motorsports. He raced the #75 Ford Thunderbird sponsored by Factory Stores. He missed one race that season and had two Top 5 and 7 Top 10 finished. He finished 20th place in the point standings. In 1995 as he finished 33rd in the points with only one Top 5 and 3 Top 10 finished. He was released from Butch Mock in 2005 and drove for Bill Elliott while he was away in 2006 for four races. He also drove three races for David Blair Motorsports and Andy Petree Racing. In 1997, he drove for Ricky Craven while he was away for Hendrick Motorsports at Texas. He also drove for his brother Geoff Bodine at Charlotte Motor Speedway.

For the 1998 season, Bodine started racing with a new team called ISM Racing. The team was closed and Bodine went back to Cicci-Welliver in the Busch Series. He drove the #30 Slim Jim car. Bodine finished 33rd in points.

During the 1999 season Bodine drove the #66 car for the Cicci-Welliver team. Bodine got ten top-five finishes and finished fourth in the points standings.

Bodine made his first start in the Craftsman Truck Series 1995 driving for Roush Racing's #61 Ford. He ran 5 races that year.

Bodine did not race in the Craftsman Truck Series again until 2004, when he raced for Fiddleback Racing at Charlotte, and also raced for HT Motorsports's #59 Dodge at Kansas. Later in the year, he signed with the new race team Germain-Arnold Racing. He finishing 4th in their first race at Richmond International Raceway. Bodine left Germain-Arnold Racing and went back to Fiddleback Racing for the 2005 season. After a race at Michigan Speedway the team had no money left, and was shut down. After Fiddleback Racing shut down, Bodine went back to Germain-Arnold Racing. He won with the team at Kansas Speedway, and finished the season with five victories.

In 2006, Bodine was driving the #30 Lumber Liquidators Toyota for Germain Racing. Bodine won at Atlanta Motor Speedway, Gateway International Raceway, and Texas Motor Speedway. Todd Bodine won the 2006 Craftsman Truck Championship on Nov 17, 2006 by 122 points over Johnny Benson. The win was Bodine's first championship in any NASCAR division. Bodine continued to drive for Germain Racing in the 2007–2010 seasons. During the 2010 season Bodine won four races, and finished first in points winning his 2nd NASCAR Camping World Truck Series championship. Aric Almirola finished in second place, 207 points behind Bodine.


Intercourse

Intercourse can mean:




Jimmie Johnson

Johnson started racing on motorcycles when he was five years old. Johnson left motorcycle racing and went on to drive in some off-road races. While he was off road racing, he met Herb Fischel. Fischel was the head of Motorsports at General Motors, who owns the Chevrolet brand Johnson drives for today.

In 1998, Johnson started racing in the American Speed Association (ASA) series. He had only raced in six stock car races in his life before the season. Johnson ended the season fourth in points, and he won the Rookie of the Year award. Johnson also started to race in the NASCAR Nationwide Series. He drove in three races during 1998. In 1999, Johnson raced in both the ASA Series and the Nationwide Series. He won twice and finished 3rd in the ASA series. In 2000, Johnson raced the full season in the Nationwide Series. He drove for Herzog Motorsports, and finished 10th in the points standings. He won his first and only Nationwide Series race in 2001 at the Hills Brothers Coffee 300 at Chicagoland Speedway in his 81st start in the series. It was at this time that Johnson was teamed up with crew chief Chad Knaus who he still works with today.

At a driver's meeting before the Nationwide Series race at Michigan International Speedway, Johnson asked NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver Jeff Gordon for advice. Gordon liked Johnson, and after the talk Gordon suggested Johnson to team owner Rick Hendrick. Hendrick gave Johnson an offer to drive for him. Gordon became part owner and Johnson's car, the #48.

In 2002, Johnson started racing full time in the Winston Cup Series. Johnson finished the season 5th in the points standings, and had won 3 races. In 2003 Johnson once again won 3 races, had 14 top-five finishes and 20 top-ten finishes. He finished the season second in the Winston Cup Series points standings to Matt Kenseth. In 2004 Johnson had 8 wins, 20 top-fives, 23 top-tens and he finished the year 2nd in the point standings. In 2005 Johnson stayed in the top five in the points standings all year, winning 4 races. He finished the 2005 season 5th in the Nextel Cup Series points.

In 2006 Johnson won five races and his first Nextel Cup Series championship. Johnson had 13 top-fives, 24 top-tens, 1 pole, and he led 854 laps during the 2006 season. In 2007 Johnson had 10 wins, 4 poles, 20 top-fives, and 24 top-tens. At the end of the season, he had won his second championship.
In his 2008 season Johnson got 7 wins, 6 poles, 15 top-fives, 22 top-tens, and his third Sprint Cup Series Championship. Johnson only failed to finish one race in the 2008 season. During the 2009 season Johnson had 7 wins, 4 poles, 16 top-fives, 24 top-tens, and he led a total of 2,238 laps. He finished the season 1st in points, becoming the only driver to win four championships in a row.

In 2010, Johnson won his 5th Sprint Cup Series championship. He finished the season withd 2 pole positions, 17 top-fives, 23 top-tens, 6 wins, 1326 laps led. He failed to finish four of the races in the 2010 season. With this championship, Johnson became the only driver to have won 5 championships in a row.


Mary: A Fiction

Mary: A Fiction is a novel written by Mary Wollstonecraft, a British feminist. It is her first and only complete novel. Wollstonecraft wrote it when she was a governess in Ireland. The novel was published in 1788 shortly after she decided to embark on a writing career, an unpopular profession for women in 18th-century Britain.

It tells the story of a heroine's "romantic friendships" with a woman and a man. 

Wollstonecraft was inspired by Jean-Jacques Rousseau's idea that "geniuses are self-taught", so Wollstonecraft made Mary, the main character, a self-taught heroine. Wollstonecraft describes Mary as independent and capable of defining femininity and marriage for herself. It is Mary's "strong, original opinions" and her resistance to "conventional wisdom" that makes her a genius. Mary also critiques marriage, 18th-century sensibility and its damaging effects on women.

Dwight Howard

Dwight David Howard (born December 8, 1985 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a professional basketball player. He plays for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). His position is center. The Magic chose Howard with the first pick overall in the 2004 NBA Draft. Howard did not play college basketball. He entered the draft right out of high school. Howard is one of the greatest rebounders and defensive players in the history of basketball. He is the NBA's active leader in offensive rebounds, total rebounds and blocked shots.

Howard has been chosen as the NBA's Defensive Player of the Year three times, and won the NBA Slam Dunk Contest in 2008. Howard was also named to the All-NBA First Team three times, was an All-Star five times, and won a gold medal in the 2008 Summer Olympics.

From roughly 2008 to 2012, Howard was widely considered both the best rebounder, best defensive and center basketball player in the world, as highlighted by leading the league in rebounding almost every season and winning a league record three consecutive NBA Defensive Player of the Year Awards in 2009, 2010 and 2011.

He showed frustration at the end of 2011-12 NBA season and demanded a trade to either the New Jersey Nets, Los Angeles Lakers or Dallas Mavericks. On August 10, 2012, he was traded from the Magic to the Los Angeles Lakers in a trade that also involved the Philadelphia 76ers and Denver Nuggets.

Medical ultrasonography

Diagnostic ultrasonography is the use of ultrasound to visualize hidden body structures. This medical imaging technique is used to display muscles, tendons, and other internal organs. It makes it easier to assess damage done to these structures. Obstetric sonography is the name for a number of tests done during the pregnancy of a woman. Diagnostic sonography has a wide field of use, including emergency medicine, where it is regularly performed on patients which are in a state of shock or trauma. This test is known as Focused Assessment with Sonography for Trauma. It can detect any fluid in the body cavities. Doctors can then decide whether life-saving surgery must be performed.

Casting

Casting may mean:


Tin(IV) iodide

Tin(IV) iodide, also known as stannic iodide and tin tetraiodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnI. It contains tin and iodide ions. The tin is in its +4 oxidation state.

Tin(IV) iodide is a red-orange solid. It reacts with water to make hydriodic acid and tin(IV) oxide. It dissolves in organic solvents. It reacts with hydriodic acid to make the SnI ion.

It is normally made by reacting iodine with tin. It can also be made by reacting tin(IV) oxide with hydriodic acid.


Tin(II) iodide

Tin(II) iodide, also known as stannous iodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnI. It contains tin and iodide ions. The tin is in its +2 oxidation state.

Tin(II) iodide is a red-orange solid. It is a reducing agent. 

It is made by dissolving tin or its oxide in hydriodic acid.


Medulla oblongata

The medulla oblongata (or medulla) is the lower half of the brainstem. It is just on top of the spinal cord. It connects the higher parts of the brain to the spinal cord (see the picture at the right of this page).

The cardiac, respiratory, and vasomotor control centers are in the medulla. This means that the medulla controls heart rate, blood pressure, breathing, and the size of the body's blood vessels. If the medulla did not work, the person would die.

The medulla does many important things. It relays nerve signals between the brain and spinal cord. Signals from the brain tell the rest of the body what to do. Signals from the spinal cord tell the brain what is going on in the body. Without the medulla, none of these signals would get through.

The medulla also controls autonomic functions (things the body does automatically, without a person having to think about them).

The medulla controls breathing. Groups of neurons in the medulla tell the body when to breathe in, when to breathe faster, and when to breathe slower.

The medulla measures how much carbon dioxide is in a person's blood. When the body makes energy, carbon dioxide gets left over. The body has to get rid of extra carbon dioxide, because it is poisonous. The only way the body can get rid of carbon dioxide is by breathing it out.

If there is too much carbon dioxide in the blood, the medulla sends signals to the breathing muscles and tells them to work harder. This makes the person breathe faster, so they can breathe out the extra carbon dioxide. Once the amount of carbon dioxide in the blood is normal again, the medulla tells the body to breathe slower again.

The medulla helps control the sympathetic nervous system and the parasympathetic nervous system. The main part of the nerves that control these two systems are in the medulla. These nerves get signals from other parts of the brain and the body. These signals help tell the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems what to do.

Together, these two systems control many important things, like how fast the heart beats and how hard it squeezes. In the cardiac center, there are special nerves that will make the heart beat harder and faster, called "excitatory nerves". There are also "inhibitory nerves", which will make the heart beat slower and not as hard. If a person's blood pressure gets too low, the cardiac center will send a message to the excitatory nerves, telling them to make the heart beat faster and harder. This raises the blood pressure. If the blood pressure gets too high, the cardiac center sends a message to the inhibitory nerves, which slow the heart down and make it not beat so hard. This lowers the blood pressure. In a healthy person, the cardiac center balances out the signals it sends to these sets of nerves, to keep the blood pressure normal.

The vasomotor center controls the size of the body's blood vessels. When a person is stressed or in danger, the vasomotor center makes the blood vessels get smaller. This is part of the body's "fight or flight" reaction. It causes more blood to go to the body's most important organs, like the brain, heart, and lungs. This can help a person survive if they are in danger. It also makes the blood pressure go up.

At other times, the vasomotor center makes the blood vessels get wider. This makes the blood pressure go down, and makes it easier for blood to get to some parts of the body.

The medulla also controls some important reflexes, like vomiting, coughing, sneezing, and swallowing.

Sets of neurons in the medulla help control other important things, like movement, digestion, and sleep.

Because the medulla controls so many important things, injuries to the medulla can cause some serious problems.

For example, an injury to the middle of the medulla can cause these symptoms:

An injury to one side of the medulla can cause these symptoms:

If a person's medulla is completely destroyed (for example, from a very bad injury, or because it did not get enough oxygen to survive), that person will die.

Tin(II) bromide

Tin(II) bromide, also known as stannous bromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnBr. It contains tin and bromide ions. The tin is in its +2 oxidation state.

Tin(II) bromide is a yellowish solid. Its color is between the bright orange tin(II) iodide and the colorless tin(II) chloride. It is a reducing agent. 

It is made by reacting tin or its oxide with hydrobromic acid.

Tin(II) bromide is used to make organic compounds with tin atoms attached.


Tin(IV) bromide

Tin(IV) bromide, also known as stannic bromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnBr. It contains tin and bromide ions. The tin is in its +4 oxidation state.

Tin(IV) bromide is a colorless solid. It melts easily. It is soluble in water. 

Tin(IV) bromide is made by reacting tin with bromine.


Tin(IV) fluoride

Tin(IV) fluoride, also known as stannic fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnF. It contains tin and fluoride ions. The tin is in its +4 oxidation state.

Tin(IV) fluoride is a colorless solid. Its melting point is very high. It reacts with alkali metal fluorides like potassium fluoride to make hexafluorostannates, compounds that have the SnF ion in them. 

Tin(IV) fluoride is made by reacting tin and fluorine. It can also be made by reacting hydrogen fluoride with tin(IV) chloride. 

It is sometimes used in toothpaste, although tin(II) fluoride is more common.


Tin(II) sulfide

Tin(II) sulfide, also known as stannous sulfide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnS. It contains tin and sulfide ions. The tin is in its +2 oxidation state.

Tin(II) sulfide is a dark brown solid. It is rarely found as a mineral. It does not dissolve in water but dissolves in concentrated hydrochloric acid.

Tin(II) sulfide is made by reacting tin with sulfur. It can also be made by reacting tin(II) chloride with hydrogen sulfide.


Tin(IV) sulfide

Tin(IV) sulfide, also known as stannic sulfide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnS. It has tin and sulfide ions in it. The tin is in its +4 oxidation state. 

Tin(IV) sulfide is a gold-colored or brown solid. It reacts with strong acids to make hydrogen sulfide. 

Tin(IV) sulfide is made by reacting hydrogen sulfide with tin(IV) compounds such as tin(IV) chloride.

It is used as a decorative coating because of its color. This coating is known as mosaic gold.


Tin(II) fluoride

Tin(II) fluoride, also known as stannous fluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is SnF. It contains tin and fluoride ions. The tin is in its +2 oxidation state.

Tin(II) fluoride is a colorless crystalline solid. It dissolves in water. It is a reducing agent. It can be oxidized to solid tin(IV) fluoride, which does not work for dentistry.

It is made by reacting tin or its oxide with hydrofluoric acid. 

It is commonly used in toothpastes as a source of fluoride ions. The fluoride ions react with the enamel of the tooth, making it harder to attack by bacteria. It also stops gingivitis. Some mouthwashes have tin(II) fluoride in them. 


Foreign reserve

A foreign reserve is the currency from another nation that is held by a nation's treasury. They are another set of assets in a country. Formerly, only gold and silver were used as reserves, but now the currency of other countries is used. There is a benefit to having a foreign reserve. When a nation has one, it can change the exchange rate to make it best for the country. But sometimes the exchange rate drops and the foreign reserve becomes worthless.


Cerebral cortex

The cerebral cortex is the most important part of the brain. In humans, it is by far the largest part of the brain.

Though this cannot be seen directly, different parts of the cortex have different functions (see diagram). It plays a key role in memory, attention, perceptual awareness, thought, language, and consciousness. 

It is a sheet of neural tissue that is outermost to the cerebrum of the mammalian brain. It has up to six layers of nerve cells. The human cerebral cortex is 2–4 mm (0.08–0.16 inches) thick.

In preserved brains, it is grey, so it is often called 'grey matter'. In contrast to gray matter that is formed from neurons and their unmyelinated fibers, the white matter below them is formed predominantly by myelinated axons interconnecting neurons in different regions of the cerebral cortex with each other and neurons in other parts of the central nervous system.

The surface of the cerebral cortex is folded in large mammals, such that more than two-thirds of it in the human brain is buried in the grooves.

The phylogenetically most recent part of the cerebral cortex, the neocortex, has six horizontal layers; the more ancient part of the cerebral cortex, the hippocampus, has at most three cellular layers. Neurons in various layers connect vertically to form small microcircuits, called 'columns'.

The neocortex is the newest part of the cerebral cortex to evolve. The six-layer neocortex is a distinguishing feature of mammals; it has been found in the brains of all mammals, but not in any other animals. In humans, 90% of the cerebral cortex is neocortex.

Other parts of the cerebral cortex are:
The cellular organization of the old cortex is different from the six-layer structure mentioned above.

A Matter of Life and Death

A Matter of Life and Death is an album by Iron Maiden. It is their fourteenth album and went on sale on 5 September 2006.

The album talks a lot about war and death, as well as other parts of life. It was produced by Kevin Shirley.

It is a popular album, and sold within the top ten most popular album in several countries when it was released. It was the first Iron Maiden album to do this in the United States.


Playful Kiss

Mischievous Kiss (also known as Playful Kiss / It Started with a Kiss) is a Korean television series based on the popular anime/manga called "Itazurana Kiss". It has 14 episodes with more than 8 subtitles.

It is about a clumsy student named Oh Ha Ni. She is a senior student from Section F who has a very low IQ. Oh Ha Ni fell in love with the perfectionist Baek Seuk Jo. Baek has an IQ of 200 and is from section A. When Oh Ha Ni decided to Baek Seung Jo she loved him, he rejected her in front of the entire school. This embarrassed her. When Oh Ha Ni’s house is destroyed, they moved to her father’s long-time friend who turns out to be Baek Seung Jo’s dad. Now that they lived in the same house.


One World Film Festival

One World is a movie festival that takes place each year in Prague, Czech Republic. The theme of the festival is human rights documentary movies. The Czech organization People in Need organizes the festival. People can watch about 130 documentary movies from almost 40 countries during one week. Every year "One World" focuses on a different human rights issue or problem. The festival also offers other events, such as debates with filmmakers and photography exhibitions. The festival is at the end of April each year.


People In Need

People in Need (PIN, "Člověk v tísni" in Czech) is a Czech organization that does relief work and creates development projects around the world. It works in regions that are in crisis. At the same time, it supports human rights and democratic freedom. PIN is a nonprofit and non-governmental organization.

PIN cooperates with many other organizations such as: Alliance 2015, the Czech Forum for Development Cooperation (FoRS), the European Union Monitoring Center (EUMC), UNHCR, UNICEF, and many others.

PIN had a budget of over 13 million of Euro in 2008 and about 500 staff all over the world.). It works or worked in more than 40 countries.

PIN organizes the One World Film Festival each year to show human rights documentaries.

The organization was founded in 1992 by Šimon Pánek and by Jaromír Štětina. Pánek had been a student activist during the Velvet Revolution. Štětina was journalist who wrote about wars.

The Relief and Development Department of PIN helps victims of natural disasters and wars, works against poverty worldwide, and supports universal education. In 2009, the Relief and Development Department was working in eighteen countries in Asia (for example Afghanistan , Cambodia , Sri Lanka ), Africa (e.g. Ethiopia , Angola , Namibia ) and Europe (e. g. Romania , Ukraine, Czech Republic ). Programs focus on education, health care, clean drinking water, hygiene, and support for jobs that can continue for a long time.

People in Need supports people who oppose the government and the develop civil society in countries where the government its power to control many parts of daily life. People in Need also gives the Homo Homini award to a person protected human rights and developed democracy without using violence.

PIN has had programs to fight against poverty and social exclusion in the Czech Republic since 1999. They helped people from poor areas with housing, unemployment, or debt problems. Social Integration Programmes (SIP) started in 2006 and now works in more than 50 cities and towns in the Czech Republic. PIN also offers informative and educational programs in schools to teach about poverty and migration.

People in Need has been active in Chechnya and Ingushetia since 2000. In 2005, the Russian weekly Argumenty i Fakty claimed the organization supports Chechen separatist and terrorists. PIN said it did not. Then, Russia made the organization leave, but PIN was allowed back in 2007.


Ha Jin

Jīn Xuěfēi (simplified Chinese: 金雪飞; traditional Chinese: 金雪飛; born February 15, 1956) is a living Chinese-American writer. He uses the pen name Ha Jin (哈金). "Ha" comes from his favorite city, Harbin. In 1984, he went to America and began to write about China only in English. His work increased international attention to Chinese culture and history.

Ha Jin was born in Liaoning, China. His father was a military officer. Jin joined the People's Liberation Army during the Cultural Revolution when he was 13 years old. He began to teach himself about Chinese literature and to learn the high school curriculum at sixteen. He left the army when he was nineteen, as he entered Heilongjiang University. He got his B. A. degree in English studies there. Next, he earned a M.A. degree in Anglo-American literature at Shandong University.

Jin grew up in the chaos of early communist China. He was at Brandeis University when the 1989 Tiananmen incident happened. The way the Chinese government stopped the protest by force was important to Jin. It helped him decide to emigrate to the United States. It also made him choose to write in English "to preserve the integrity of his work." He eventually earned a Ph.D..

Jin sets many of his stories and novels in China in an imaginary place called Muji City. He has won the National Book Award and the PEN/Faulkner Award for his novel, "Waiting" (1999). He has received three Pushcart Prizes for fiction and a Kenyon Review Prize. Many of his short stories have appeared in "The Best American Short Stories" anthologies. His collection "Under The Red Flag" (1997) won the Flannery O'Connor Award for Short Fiction. "Ocean of Words" (1996) has been awarded the PEN/Hemingway Award. The novel "War Trash" (2004), set during the Korean War, won the PEN/Faulkner Award and was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize. 

Jin teaches at Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts. He used to teach at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia.

Jin was at the American Academy in Berlin, Germany, in the fall of 2008. He was a Mary Ellen von der Heyden Fellow for Fiction.








Pulitzer Prize for Fiction

This prize is given in the United States. There are several other Pulitzer Prizes. The Pulitzer Prize for Fiction is for writing by an American author. Usually this writing is about American life. It started as the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel, which was awarded between 1918 and 1947.








Entries from this point on include the finalists listed after the winner for each year.





Raymond Carver

Raymond Clevie Carver, Jr. (May 25, 1938 – August 2, 1988) was an American short story writer and poet. Carver is considered a major American writer of the late 20th century. He also helped improve short story writing in the 1980s.

Carver was born in Clatskanie, Oregon, a mill town on the Columbia River, and grew up in Yakima, Washington. His father was a skilled sawmill worker from Arkansas. He was a fisherman and a heavy drinker. Carver's mother sometimes worked as a waitress and as a clerk in a shop. He had one brother, James Franklin Carver, was born in 1943.

Carver studied at local schools in Amery, Wisconsin. In his spare time he read mostly novels by Mickey Spillane or publications such as Sports Afield and Outdoor Life and hunted and fished with friends and family. After graduating from Yakima High School in 1956, Carver worked with his father at a sawmill in California. In June 1957, aged 19, he married 16-year-old Maryann Burk. She had just graduated from a private Episcopal school for girls. Their daughter, Christine La Rae, was born in December 1957. When their second child, a boy named Vance Lindsay, was born the next year, Carver was 20. Carver supported his family by working as a janitor, sawmill laborer, delivery man, and library assistant. During their marriage, Maryann worked as a waitress, salesperson, administrative assistant, and high school English teacher.

Carver became interested in writing in California. He had moved there with his family because his mother-in-law had a home in Paradise. Carver attended a creative-writing course taught by the novelist John Gardner. Gardner became his mentor and had a major influence on Carver's life and career. Carver continued his studies first at Chico State University and then at Humboldt State College in Arcata, California, where he studied with Richard Cortez Day. Carver received his B.A. in 1963. During this period he was first published and served as editor for the university literary magazine called Toyon. Carver included some of his own writing under pen names. He later attended the Iowa Writers' Workshop, at the University of Iowa, for one year. Maryann graduated from San Jose State College in 1970 and taught English at Los Altos High School until 1977.

In the mid-1960s Carver and his family lived in Sacramento. He worked as a night custodian at Mercy Hospital. He sat in on classes at what was then Sacramento State College including workshops with poet Dennis Schmitz. Carver and Schmitz soon became friends, and Carver's first book of poems, "Near Klamath", was later written and published with helpful advice from Schmitz.

With his appearance in the respected "Foley collection," the impending publication of "Near Klamath" by the English Club of Sacramento State College, and the death of his father, 1967 was a landmark year for Carver. That was also the year that he moved his family to Palo Alto, California, so that he could take a job as a textbook editor for Science Research Associates. He worked there until he was fired in 1970 for his inappropriate writing style. In the 1970s and 1980s as his writing career began to take off, Carver taught for several years at universities throughout the United States.

During his years of working different jobs, rearing children, and trying to write, Carver started to drink heavily. He said that he eventually more or less gave up writing and started drinking all of the time. In the fall semester of 1973, Carver was a teacher in the Iowa Writers' Workshop with John Cheever, but Carver said that they did less teaching than drinking and almost no writing. The next year, after leaving Iowa City, Cheever went to a treatment center to try to overcome his alcoholism, but Carver continued drinking for three years. After going in the hospital three times (between June 1976 and February or March 1977), Carver began his 'second life' and stopped drinking on June 2, 1977, with the help of Alcoholics Anonymous.

Carver met the poet Tess Gallagher at a writers' conference in Dallas, Texas in November, 1977. Beginning in January, 1979, Carver and Gallagher lived together in El Paso, Texas, in a borrowed cabin near Port Angeles, in western Washington state, and in Tucson, Arizona. In 1980, they moved to Syracuse. Gallagher was the coordinator of the creative writing program at Syracuse University. Carver was a professor in the English department. He and Gallagher bought a house in Syracuse, at 832 Maryland Avenue. Later, the house became so popular that the couple had to hang a sign outside that read "Writers At Work" so that people would leave them alone. In 1982, Carver and first wife, Maryann, were divorced. He married Gallagher in 1988 in Reno, Nevada. Six weeks later, on August 2, 1988, Carver died in Port Angeles, Washington, from lung cancer at the age of 50. In the same year, he was inducted into the American Academy of Arts and Letters.

Raymond Carver is buried at Ocean View Cemetery in Port Angeles, WA. The words on his grave are:

"LATE FRAGMENT"

"And did you get what

you wanted from this life, even so?"

"I did."

"And what did you want?"

"To call myself beloved, to feel myself

beloved on the earth."

Carver's career was dedicated to short stories and poetry. He often wrote about blue-collar experiences. These were similar to his own life. In the same way, he often included themes of alcoholism and recovery from his life.

His first published story appeared in 1960, titled "The Furious Seasons." His first collection, "Will You Please Be Quiet, Please?", was published in 1976. The story with the same name had already appeared in the collection, "Best American Short Stories 1967".

Tess Gallagher published five Carver stories after he died in a book called "Call If You Need Me". One of the stories, "Kindling", won an O. Henry Award in 1999. Throughout his lifetime Carver won six O. Henry Awards: the winning stories were: "Are These Actual Miles" (originally titled "What is it?") (1972), "Put Yourself in My Shoes" (1974), "Are You A Doctor?" (1975), "A Small, Good Thing" (1983), and "Errand" (1988).

Carver believed he would have died of alcoholism at the age of 40 if he had not found a way to stop drinking. When he knew the cancer would kill him, he wrote a poem about that bonus of 10 years, called "Gravy."


Ayale Dahir (2009) - Skidz My Friend








Oscar Hijuelos

Oscar Jerome Hijuelos (August 24, 1951 – October 12, 2013) was an American novelist. He is the first Hispanic to win a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.

Hijuelos was born in New York City, in Morningside Heights, Manhattan. His parents were Cuban immigrants. He studied at the Corpus Christi School in Morningside Heights. Later, he attended Bronx Community College, Lehman College, and Manhattan Community College. He studied writing at the City College of New York and earned two degrees in Creative Writing there: his B.A. in1975 and M.A. in 1976. He had several jobs before becoming a full-time writer.

His first novel, "Our House in the Last World", was published in 1983 and received the 1985 Rome Prize, awarded by the American Academy in Rome. His second novel, "The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love", received the 1990 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. It was adapted for the film "The Mambo Kings" in 1992 and as a Broadway musical in 2005.

Hijuelos has taught at Hofstra University. He is a faculty member in the Department of English at Duke University.

Hijuelos collapsed due to a heart attack while playing tennis in Manhattan and never regained consciousness. He was 62 and is survived by his wife Lori Marie Carlson.




Roman consul

A Roman consul was the highest elected political office of the Roman Republic.

Each year, two consuls were elected together, to serve for a one-year term. Each consul was given veto power over his colleague and the officials would alternate each month.

The consuls were usually patricians, though after 367 BC plebs (common people; plebeians) could stand for election as consul.

Consuls had extensive power in peacetime (administrative, legislative and judicial), and in wartime often held the highest military command. They conducted some religious rites which could only be done by the highest state officials. Consuls also read auguries, an essential step before leading armies into the field.

The consuls could convene the Senate, and presided over its meetings. Each consul served as president of the Senate for a month. They could also summon any of the Roman assemblies and preside over them. Thus, the consuls conducted the elections and put legislative measures to the vote. When neither consul was within the city, their civic duties were assumed by the "praetor urbanus" (city prefect).

Each consul was accompanied in public by twelve "lictors", who displayed the magnificence of the office and served as his bodyguards. Each lictor held a "fasces", a bundle of rods that contained an axe. The rods symbolized the power of scourging, and the axe the power of capital punishment. When inside the city, the lictors removed the axes from the fasces to show that a citizen could not be executed without a trial. Upon entering the democratic assembly, the lictors would lower the fasces to show that the powers of the consuls derive from the senate and people of Rome (senatus populusque romanus). 

Outside the walls of Rome, the powers of the consuls were far greater in their role as commanders-in-chief of all Roman legions. It was in this function that the consuls were vested with full imperium (power).

When legions were ordered by a decree of the Senate, the consuls conducted the conscription. Upon entering the army, all soldiers had to take their oath of allegiance to the consuls. The consuls also oversaw the gathering of troops provided by Rome’s allies.

Within the city a consul could punish and arrest a citizen, but had no power to inflict capital punishment. When on campaign, however, a consul could inflict any punishment he saw fit on any soldier, officer, citizen or ally.

Each consul commanded an army, usually two legions strong, with the help of military tribunes and a quaestor who had financial duties. In the rare case that both consuls marched together, each one held the command for a day in turn. A typical consular army was about 20,000 men strong and consisted of two citizen and two allied legions. In the early years of the republic, Rome's enemies were in central Italy, so campaigns lasted a few months.

As Rome's frontiers expanded, in the 2nd century BC, the campaigns became lengthier. Rome was a warlike society, and very seldom did not wage war. So the consul upon entering office was expected by the Senate and the people to march his army against Rome's enemies, and expand the Roman frontiers. His soldiers expected to return to their homes after the campaign with spoils. If the consul won an overwhelming victory, he was hailed as imperator by his troops, and could request to be granted a triumph.

The consul could conduct the campaign as he saw fit, and had unlimited powers. However, after the campaign, he could be prosecuted for his misdeeds.

In the Roman Empire, the consuls were merely a figurative representative of Rome’s republican heritage. The consulate then held much less power and authority, since the emperor was the supreme leader. However, consuls were often high-ranking and important in their own right. Some were designated successors of their emperor. Also, emperors frequently appointed themselves as consuls.

The office survived (much altered) until the early 9th century AD.

TESOL

TESOL has more than one meaning:


TESOL International Association

TESOL (Teachers of English to Speakers of Other Languages, Inc.) is a global education association for English language teachers who teach speakers of others languages.

TESOL has some special interest groups called "Interest Sections". They promote research and continuing education in areas that are important to TESOL members. Current Interest Sections include the following:


TESOL was founded in 1966 and has corporate headquarters in Alexandria, Virginia. TESOL has more than 13,000 members in more than 120 different countries. TESOL is an NGO under the United Nations.

TESOL has relationships with 98 independent organizations worldwide: 41 in the United States and 57 in Asia, the Pacific, Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa.

TESOL convenes an annual conference with papers, symposia, key note speakers, workshops, and annual meetings for the Interest Sections. Presenters speak on topics ranging from practical advice for the classroom to new theories for explaining language learning. The event also has a large book fair where most major publishers have displays. Usually around 10,000 people attend the conference. It was first held in 1966.

Each year, TESOL gives four awards, each to one of its members.



O. Henry Award

The O. Henry Award is given for especially good short stories. The prize is given each year. The award is named after the American short story author, O. Henry.

The PEN/O. Henry Prize Stories is a book that is published each year with that year's twenty best stories from magazines in U.S. and Canadian, written in English.

The award itself is called The O. Henry "Award", not the O. Henry "Prize", though until recently there were first, second and third prize winners.

The award was first given in 1919. Money to support the award comes from the Society of Arts and Sciences. As of 2003, the series editor chooses twenty short stories and each one is called an O. Henry Prize Story. All stories originally written in English and published in an American or Canadian magazine can possibly win. Three people become jurors each year. The jurors get the twenty prize stories in text form. The author or publication name are not listed. Each juror works alone and chooses one special short story and comments on it.

The goal of The O. Henry Prize Stories is to improve the art of the short story. Starting in 2003, "The O. Henry Prize Stories" is dedicated to a writer who has made a major contribution to the art of the short story. The O. Henry Prize Stories 2007 was dedicated to Sherwood Anderson, a U.S. short-story writer. Jurors for 2007 were Charles D'Ambrosio, Lily Tuck, and Ursula K. Le Guin.

Laura Furman is now the series editor for "The O. Henry Prize Stories".

In 2009 Anchor books announced a change in the series tittle. Anchor is the publisher of The O. Henry Prize Stories. They worked with the PEN American Center and renamed the series the PEN/O. Henry Prize Stories collection. Profits from selling The PEN/O. Henry Prize Stories 2009 books went to PEN's Readers & Writers Program. This program sends well-known authors to under served inner-city schools. 

In an interview for the Vintage Books and Anchor Books blog, editor Laura Furman called working with PEN a "natural partnership." 

For more information or complete lists of yearly winners, visit The O. Henry Prize Stories website.


SimCity DS

SimCity DS, or SimCity Creator, is a simulation video game made in 2007 by Electronic Arts. The player can build a city, while trying to keep it healthy.

The player will be known as the "Mayor" throughout the game. They will have to look at five sheets to run their city.

Zones are the places where buildings can develop. They are different, and the "heavier" the zone, the more buildings grow. However, land value has a greater effect.

Certain facilities are called "needs". Power and water are considered "needs" in the game, although one is not completely mandatory.

"Advisers" are people you choose to help you build a city.

Power line

Power lines are wires that conduct electricity through to another place. Many have transformers. The original power is made at a power plant. The voltage of the power at the end is usually 100V (Japan), 120V (North and Central America, parts of South America and Africa, and Saudi Arabia), or 220-240V (most of the rest of the world). "Step-up" transformers increase the voltage in electric power distribution grids, and increase it greatly in long electric power transmission lines. The power at the end is "stepped-down" by another transformer so it can be distributed and used. 

Very long power lines carry high voltage DC. Alternating current (AC) from the power plant is stepped up to a high voltage and rectified to make it Direct Current. At the other end it goes through an inverter to make the electricity AC again, and stepped down. 


Dean of Invention

Dean of Invention is a TV show on Planet Green. The presenters, Dean Kamen and Joanne Colan investigate new inventions.

Greco–Persian wars

The Greco–Persian Wars were a series of wars fought between Classical Greece and Persia's Achaemenid Empire in the 5th century BC. The struggle lasted 50 years, from 499–449. Herodotus wrote a history of the war. Fifty years before the war started, Cyrus the Great had conquered the Greek colonies on the western coast of Asia Minor, an area the Greeks called Ionia. The Persians put a tyrant in charge of each city or polis. About 530 BC Cyrus died in battle.

Aristagoras, the Tyrant of Miletus was on an expedition to conquer the island of Naxos with Persian support, but that was a failure. Before he could be dismissed, Arisagoras encouraged Ionia to rebel against the Persians. This led to the Ionian Revolt. Aristagoras got support from Athens and Eretria, and together they burnt the Persian regional capital city, Sardis. The Persian king, now Darius the Great, vowed revenge.

The first Persian invasion of Greek majority kingdoms began in 492 BC, led by the Persian general Mardonius. They successfully beat Thrace and Macedon, but several mishaps forced an early end to the rest of the campaign.p135-138.

In 490 BC a second force was sent to Greece, this time across the Aegean Sea. This expedition captured the Cyclades, then destroyed Eretria. On the way to Athens, the Persian force was decisively defeated by the Athenians at the Battle of Marathon, ending Persian efforts at that time.

Darius then began to plan to completely conquer Greece, but died in 486 BC. Command passed to his son Xerxes. In 480 BC, Xerxes personally led the second Persian invasion of Greece with one of the largest ancient armies ever assembled.

Victory over the allied Greek states at the famous Battle of Thermopylae allowed the Persians to burn Athens (which had been evacuated) and overrun most of Greece. However, against the combined Greek fleet, the Persians suffered a severe defeat at the Battle of Salamis. The following year, the confederated Greeks went on the offensive, decisively defeating the Persian army at the Battle of Plataea, and ending the invasion of Greece by the Achaemenid Empire.


Much of what is known of these wars comes from Herodotus.

Although 449 BC saw the end of the wars started by the Ionian revolt, the two civilisations continued for more than a hundred years. The Peloponnesian War between Athens and Sparta allowed Persia to take back all she had lost in the Greco–Persian wars. This is a brief summary of the later conflict:



Windows Live

Windows Live is an internet product of Microsoft. Until 2005 its many services were under MSN. They moved them to Windows Live to show people that these services are made to work with Windows operating system. They used the term less after 2012.

The Windows Live family features many different services. The most famous service being Windows Live Hotmail. However, there are also many more free services provided by Windows Live which only requires one account to access. Google and Yahoo! compete against Windows Live with similarly diverse services.


Battle of Corinth

The Battle of Corinth was a battle fought between the Roman Republic and the Ancient Greek state of Corinth and its allies in the Achaean League in 146 BC. This was a few months after the Romans destroyed Carthage in the Third Punic War. It resulted in total destruction of Corinth, which was previously famous for its wealth. The Romans burnt it to the ground and went on to conquer the rest of Greece.

Perm Krai

Perm Krai is a "krai" (federal territory) of Russia that came into existence on 1 December 2005 as a result of the 2004 referendum on the merger of Perm Oblast (province) and Komi–Permyak self-governing district. The city of Perm became the administrative center of the new federal subject.

Perm Krai is located in the east of the East European Plain and the western slope of the Middle Ural Mountains. The length from north to south is ; length from west to east is .

Rivers of Perm Krai belong to the Kama River Basin, the largest tributary of the Volga River. There are more than 29,000 rivers in Perm Krai. Together they are more than long, but only two rivers have lengths exceeding ; the Kama () and the Chusovaya ().

The landscape is mostly low rolling hills covered by forests and fields. The Ural Mountains are in the eastern part of Perm Krai. The highest mountain Tulysmsky Kamen () is in the north east of the territory.


Caro–Kann Defence

The Caro–Kann Defence is a chess opening. It begins: 
Black's idea for playing c6 is to support 2...d5. Usually, the next moves are:
Common next moves are 3. (the Modern Variation), 3. (the Classical Variation), 3. (the Exchange Variation), or 3. (the Advance Variation). 3.Nc3 is the most popular. 

The Caro–Kann is an asymmetrical defence to 1.e4. These are sometimes called 'semi-open games'. The Caro–Kann is thought to be more solid and less dynamic than the Sicilian Defence and the French Defence. Games in the Caro–Kann are often quiet and positional. It may lead to good endgames for Black, who has the better pawn structure.

The opening is named after the English player Horatio Caro and the Austrian Marcus Kann, who studied the opening in 1886.

The most common way of handling the Caro–Kann, the Classical variation (often called the Capablanca variation) happens after the moves: 
For a long time, this was thought to be the best play for both sides in the Caro–Kann. White usually continues:
Although White's pawn on h5 looks ready to attack, it can prove to be a weakness in an endgame.

This variation is why people think the Caro-Kann is a solid defence. Black has a very good pawn structure, and can play c5 at the right time to fight for the d4 square. Black can castle queenside or kingside, or even leave his king in the centre. Black often has good chances in the because of his solid pawn structure and kingside pawn majority.

Another line is the Modern Variation. It happens after the moves: 
It was played by the first World Champion, Wilhelm Steinitz. Today, the variation is called the Smyslov Variation, or more commonly, the Modern variation. 

The move 4...Nd7 prepares Ngf6. If 4...Nf6 is played immediately, then White can trade knights and double Black's pawns.

The plans are similar to the Classical variation, except Black's bishop is not on the g6 square. However, this freedom comes at a cost because White is able to take up space in the center. White often plays the aggressive 5.Ng5!?, which puts pressure on the f7-square.

This variation can also lead to a quick mating trap with 5.Qe2 Ngf6?? 6.Nd6#.

The variations begins:

The Bronstein–Larsen Variation is after:
Black has a worse pawn structure, and often castles queenside. However, Black does have compensation with the open g-file for the rook and active play. It is considered double-edged.

The Korchnoi Variation arises after:
Viktor Korchnoi has played 5...exf6 many times (including his first world championship match with Anatoly Karpov). This line has also been employed by Ulf Andersson. Black's 5...exf6 is thought to be sounder than 5...gxf6!?. It offers Black fast development, bu it gives White better pawn structure

The Advance variation is 3.e5:

The main replies are:

3...Bf5 is most often played. Moves against it are aggressive lines such as the Bayonet Attack (4.Nc3 e6 5.g4), a popular line in the 1980s and later favoured by Latvian Grandmaster Alexei Shirov. A more natural development 4.Nf3 e6 5.Be2 c5 6.Be3, known as the Short Variation, was popularised by English Grandmaster Nigel Short and was often played in the 1990s.

3...c5 is an alternative which avoids the opening theory of 3...Bf5. It was used by Botvinnik in his 1961 match with Tal. In comparison to the French defense, Black gains the Tempo normally spent on ...e6. However, White can counter this by opening the centre with 4. dxc5. This exposes the black pawn on d5.

3...e6 is playable, but when Black plays c5, he will be is a tempo behind the advance line of the French Defence (1.e4 e6 2.d5 d5 3.e5 c5).

The Exchange Variation is 1.e4 c6 2.d4 d5 3.exd5 cxd5. The Panov-Botvinnik Attack begins with the move 4.c4.

This system often leads to isolated queen's pawn (IQP) positions. White gains rapid development, a grip on e5, and kingside attacking chances to make up for the long-term weakness of the isolated d4 pawn. The common continuation in this line is 4...Nf6 5.Nc3 e6 6.Nf3. Black's main alternatives are 6...Bb4 (a position which often transposes into lines of the Nimzo-Indian defence) and 6...Be7. 6...Nc6?! is not as good because of 7.c5!, and White plans on controlling the e5-square through the advance of his b-pawn to b5, or by exchanging Black's Knight on c6 after Bb5.

The "true" Exchange Variation begins with 4.Bd3 Nc6 5.c3 Nf6 6.Bf4 Bg4 7.Qb3. It was was tried by Bobby Fischer. The position is equal. Some of the strategic ideas are silimar to the Queen's Gambit Declined, Exchange Variation, (1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6 3.Nc3 Nf6 4.cxd5 exd5) with colours reversed.

This line is 1.e4 c6 2.Nf3 d5 3.Nc3. It was played by Bobby Fischer in his youth. White gets rapid development and has options with the d-pawn. Black's logical and probably best reply is 3...Bg4. After 4.h3 Bxf3 5.Qxf3, Black has the option of 5...Nf6 or 5...e6. 4...Bh5 is a complicated line, in which White can trap the bishop, although Black has much compensation.

The variation sets a trap: if Black plays along the lines of the Classical Variation, he gets in trouble after 3...dxe4 4.Nxe4 Bf5 (4...Nd7 is playable) 5.Ng3 Bg6?! (5...Bg4) 6.h4 h6 7.Ne5 Bh7 (7...Qd6 may be best) 8.Qh5! g6 (forced) 9.Bc4! e6 (9...gxh5?? 10.Bxf7#) 10.Qe2 with a huge advantage for White. Now 10...Qe7! is best. Instead, Lasker–Radsheer, 1908 and Alekhine-Bruce, 1938 ended quickly after, respectively, 10...Bg7?? 11.Nxf7! and 10...Nf6?? 11.Nxf7! 

White can play 2.c4. Then Black may play 2...d5 (see ). This can transpose to the Panov–Botvinnik line given above, with 3.exd5 cxd5 4.d4 or White can capture twice on d5. Alternatively, Black may play 2...e5.

Also, White can play 2.Nc3. Then Black may play 2...d5. If White replies 3.d4 then we get the main Capablanca line or the Two knights variation. Or Black may play 2...g6.

The Caro–Kann can also be reached through the English Opening: 1.c4 c6 2.e4 d5.

The Encyclopaedia of Chess Openings has ten codes for the Caro–Kann Defence, B10 to B19.



Also, more advanced:

Bronze Age collapse

The Bronze Age collapse is so called by historians who study the end of the Bronze Age.

The palace economies of the Aegean and Anatolia of the late Bronze Age were replaced, eventually, by the village cultures of the 'Greek Dark Ages'.

Between 1200 and 1150 BC, the cultural collapse of the Mycenaean kingdoms, the Hittite Empire in Anatolia and Syria, and the Egyptian Empire in Syria and Canaan, interrupted trade routes and extinguished literacy. 

In the first phase of this period, almost every city between Troy and Gaza was violently destroyed, and often left unoccupied: examples include Hattusa, Mycenae, Ugarit.

The gradual end of the Dark Age saw the rise of settled Neo-Hittite Aramaean kingdoms of the mid-10th century BC, and the rise of the Neo-Assyrian Empire.

Every important Anatolian site during the preceding late Bronze Age shows a destruction layer. It appears that civilization did not recover to the same level as that of the Hittites for another thousand years. Hattusa, the Hittite capital, was burned and abandoned, and never reoccupied. Troy was destroyed at least twice, before being abandoned until Roman times.

The sacking and burning of the sites of Enkomi, Kition, and Sinda may have happened twice, before they were abandoned. Originally, two waves of destruction, ca. 1230 BC by the Sea Peoples and ca. 1190 BC by Aegean refugees have been proposed.

Syrian sites previously showed evidence of trade links with Egypt and the Aegean in the Late Bronze Age. Evidence at Ugarit shows that the destruction there occurred after the reign of Merenptah.

The last Bronze Age king of Ugarit, Ammurapi, was a contemporary of the Hittite king Suppiluliuma II. The exact dates of his reign are unknown. A letter by the king is preserved on one of the clay tablets found baked in the extensive fires that brought about the destruction of the city. Ammurapi stresses the seriousness of the crisis faced by many Near Eastern states from invasion by the advancing Sea Peoples in a dramatic response to a plea for assistance from the king of Alasiya (Cyprus):

My father, behold, the enemy's ships came (here); my cities(?) were burned, and they did evil things in my country. Does not my father know that all my troops and chariots(?) are in the Land of Hatti, and all my ships are in the Land of Lukka?...Thus, the country is abandoned to itself. May my father know it: the seven ships of the enemy that came here inflicted much damage upon us.

Unfortunately for Ugarit, no help arrived and Ugarit was burned to the ground at the end of the Bronze Age. A cuneiform tablet found in 1986 shows that Ugarit was destroyed after the death of Merneptah, about 1178 BC.

All centres along a coastal route from Gaza northward were destroyed, and not reoccupied for up to thirty years.

None of the Mycenaean palaces of the Late Bronze Age survived. Destruction was heaviest at palaces and fortified sites. Thebes was one of the earliest examples of this. Its palace was sacked repeatedly between 1300 and 1200 BC. Eventually it was destroyed by fire. 

At many other sites it is entirely unclear what happened. It is clear that Athens saw a significant decline during the Bronze Age Collapse. There is no evidence of any significant destruction at this site. Fortification at this site suggests fear of the decline in Athens. It is possible that the abandonment of Athens was not a violent affair and other causes have been suggested.

The Peloponnese was the worst affected in Greece by far. Up to 90% of small sites in the region were abandoned, which suggests a major depopulation in the region. Again, as with many of the sites of destruction in Greece, it is unclear how this destruction came about. The city of Mycenae for example was initially destroyed in an earthquake in 1250 BC as evidenced by the presence of crushed bodies buried in collapsed buildings. However, the site was rebuilt only to face destruction in 1190 BC as the result of a series of major fires. There is a suggestion by Robert Drews that the fires could have been the result of an attack on the site and its palace. This is denied by Eric Cline who points out the lack of archaeological evidence for an attack. 

We see a similar situation in Tiryns in 1200 BC when an earthquake destroyed much of the city including its palace. It is likely however that the city continued to be inhabited for some time following the earthquake. As a result there is a general agreement that earthquakes did not permanently destroy Mycenae or Tiryns because physical destruction cannot fully explain the collapse. The cause of the continued decline of these sites could be environmental. In particular There was a lack of homegrown food. Palaces were important in managing and storing food imports. Their destruction made worse the more crucial factor of food shortage. The importance of trade is further supported by the lack of any evidence for violent or sudden decline in Mycenae.

The destruction on Pylos by fire around 1180 suggests a violent destruction to the city. There is some evidence of Pylos expecting a seaborne attack with tablets at Pylos discussing "Watchers guarding the coast". The tablets do not give any context as to what is being watched for and why. Regardless of what the threat from the sea was, it likely played a role in the decline. It would have hindered trade and perhaps vital food imports.

The end Bronze Age collapse marked the start of a period that has been called the Greek Dark Ages, which lasted for more than 400 years. The occupation of some cities, like Athens, did continue however their existence was of a much different nature. They had a more local sphere of influence, limited trade and an impoverished culture. It took centuries for Greece to recover.

Several cities were destroyed, Assyria lost northwestern cities which were reconquered by Tiglath-Pileser I after his ascension to kingship. Control of the Babylonian and Assyrian regions extended barely beyond the city limits. Babylon was sacked by the Elamites.

After apparently surviving for a while, the Egyptian Empire collapsed in the mid twelfth century BC (during the reign of Ramesses VI). This led to the Third Intermediate Period, that is, non-dynasty.

Robert Drews describes the collapse as "the worst disaster in ancient history, even more calamitous than the collapse of the Western Roman Empire". A number of people have spoken of the cultural memories of the disaster as stories of a "lost golden age". Hesiod for example spoke of Ages of Gold, Silver and Bronze, separated from the modern harsh cruel world of the Age of Iron by the Age of Heroes.

It was a period associated with the collapse of central authority, a depopulation, particularly of urban areas, the loss of literacy in Anatolia and the Aegean, and its restriction elsewhere, the disappearance of established patterns of long-distance international trade, and increasingly vicious struggles for power.

There are various theories put forward to explain the situation of collapse, many of them compatible with each other.

The Hekla 3 eruption was about this time, and is dated at 1159 BC by Egyptologists and British archeologists.

Earthquakes tend to occur in sequences or 'storms', where a major earthquake above 6.5 on the Richter magnitude scale can set off later earthquakes along the weakened fault line. When a map of earthquake occurrence is superimposed on a map of the sites destroyed in the Late Bronze Age, there is a very close correspondence.

Evidence includes the widespread findings of "Naue II-type swords" (coming from South-Eastern Europe) throughout the region, and Egyptian records of invading "northerners from all the lands". 
The Ugarit correspondence at the time mentions invasions by tribes of such as the mysterious Sea Peoples. Equally, the last Linear B documents in the Aegean (dating to just before the collapse) reported a large rise in piracy, slave raiding and other attacks, particularly around Anatolia. Later fortresses along the Libyan coast, constructed and maintained by the Egyptians after the reign of Ramesses II, were built to reduce raiding.

This theory is strengthened by the fact that the collapse coincides with the appearance in the region of many new ethnic groups. Indo-European tribes such as the Phrygians, Thracians, Macedonians and Dorian Greeks seem to have arrived at this time – possibly from the north. There also seems to have been widespread migration of the Aramaeans – possibly from the South-East.

Ultimate reasons for these migrations could include drought, developments in warfare/weaponry, earthquakes or other natural disasters. This means that the migrations theory is not incompatible with the other theories mentioned here.

The Bronze Age collapse may be seen in the context of a technological history that saw the slow, comparatively continuous spread of iron-working technology in the region, beginning with precocious iron-working in what is now Bulgaria and Romania in the 13th and 12th centuries BC.
Leonard R. Palmer suggested that iron, whilst inferior to bronze weapons, was in more plentiful supply and so allowed larger armies of iron users to overwhelm the smaller armies of bronze-using chariotry.

It now seems that the disruption of long distance trade cut easy supplies of tin, making bronze impossible to make. Older implements were recycled and then iron substitutes were used.

Drought could have easily precipitated or hastened socio-economic problems and led to wars. More recently Brian Fagan has shown how the diversion of mid-winter storms, from the Atlantic to north of the Pyrenees and the Alps, bringing wetter conditions to Central Europe but drought to the Eastern Mediterranean, was associated with the Late Bronze Age collapse.

Robert Drews argues that massed infantry used newly developed weapons and armor. Cast rather than forged spearheads and long swords, a revolutionizing cut-and-thrust weapon, and javelins were used. The appearance of bronze foundries suggests "that mass production of bronze artifacts was suddenly important in the Aegean". For example, Homer uses "spears" as a virtual synonym for "warrior", suggesting the continued importance of the spear in combat.

Such new weaponry, used by a proto-hoplite model of infantry able to withstand attacks of massed chariotry, would destabilize states that were based upon the use of chariots by the ruling class. This precipitated an abrupt social collapse as raiders and/or infantry mercenaries began to conquer, loot, and burn the cities.

A general systems collapse has been put forward as an explanation for the reversals in culture. This theory raises the question of whether this collapse was the cause of, or the effect of, the Bronze Age collapse being discussed.

In the Middle East, a variety of factors — including population growth, soil degradation, drought, cast bronze weapon and iron production technologies — could have combined to push the relative price of weaponry (compared to arable land) to a level unsustainable for traditional warrior aristocracies. In complex societies which were increasingly fragile, this combination of factors may have contributed to the collapse.

The critical flaws of the late Bronze Age are its centralization, specialization, complexity and top-heavy political structure. These flaws then revealed themselves through revolts, defections, demographic crises (overpopulation), and wars between states. Other factors which could have placed increasing pressure on the fragile kingdoms include the aggression of the ‘Sea Peoples’, the effect of pirates on maritime trade, drought, crop failures, and famine.


Washington University in St. Louis

Washington University in St. Louis (WashU or WUSTL) is a private research university in St. Louis County, Missouri. It was founded in 1853. The university is named after George Washington. Washington University is one of the top universities in the United States.

The school is the academic home for most of the university’s undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. The campus is bordered by Forest Park and the cities of St. Louis, Clayton and University City. The university also has a West Campus in Clayton, North Campus in the West End neighborhood of St. Louis, and Medical Campus in the Central West End neighborhood of St. Louis.

The school has students and faculty from all 50 U.S. states and more than 120 countries. Washington University has seven graduate and undergraduate schools. The phrase "in St. Louis" was added in 1976.


Lions Gate Bridge

The Lions Gate Bridge is a suspension bridge in Vancouver, British Columbia. It is one of Canada's National Historic Sites.

Andray Blatche

Andray Blatche (born August 22, 1986 in Syracuse, New York) is an Filipino-American basketball player that currently plays for the Washington Wizards of the NBA. On September 25, 2005, Blatche was shot in a carjacking in Alexandria, Virginia and recovered successfully. Blatche has played for the Washington Wizards for 5 seasons. Blatche became a naturalized Filipino in 2014. He plays for the Philippine national basketball team.

Evgeni Malkin

Evgeni Vladimirovich Malkin (born July 31, 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League (NHL) and serves as their alternative captain. He was selected 2nd overall by the Penguins in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

He plays on Team Russia in the Olympics.

Malkin won the Stanley Cup with the Pittsburgh Penguins in 2009.


Drew Doughty

Drew Doughty (born December 8, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He plays for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was selected 2nd overall by the Kings in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.

He plays on Team Canada in the Olympics where he won a gold medal in the 2010 Winter Olympics. Doughty was named to the all-rookie team in the 2008-09 NHL season. He won the Stanley Cup with the Los Angeles Kings in 2012.

Adolf Borsdorf

Adolph Borsdorf (born Dittmansdorf, Saxony, 25 December 1854; died London, 15 April 1923), was a German player of the French horn.

Borsdorf was born in Saxony in 1854. He studied the French horn at the Conservatoire in Dresden and played in a military band. In 1879, he moved to England where he stayed for the rest of his life, becoming the most important horn player in England. The conductor Hans Richter offered him at job in the orchestra at Covent Garden. In 1904, he joined the newly formed London Symphony Orchestra. The four horn players in that orchestra were excellent players and were often called “God’s Own Quartet”.

Borsdorf and his colleague Franz Paersch had learned to play on horns that were made in Germany. These had a wide bore (the hole through the tube). However, both players changed to playing instruments made in France by a horn-maker called Raoux. These instruments had a narrower bore. They were not quite as powerful but gave a particularly clear sound.

Borsdorf became professor at the Royal College of Music when it was founded in 1882. He also taught at the Royal Academy of Music. He soon became the best horn player in London. He was playing principal horn in the orchestra which Henry Wood conducted at the very first Promenade Concert in the Queen’s Hall in 1895 (the fourth horn was A.E.Brain, grandfather of Dennis Brain). He was also in the orchestra when Richard Strauss’s "Till Eulenspiegel" was given its first performance in England in 1896 with the composer conducting.

In 1913, he became ill and had to have teeth removed. There was also another problem for him: World War I broke out in 1914 and there was a lot of anti-German feeling in England. After the war he rarely played in public.

Borsdorf died in 1923. He had done more than anyone else to improve the standard of horn playing in England. He taught many talented pupils, including A.E.Brain Jr., Aubrey Brain, Frank Probyn and his own three sons: Oskar, Francis and Emil who all became professional horn players.


Mute (music)

A mute is an object used to make a musical instrument quieter.

Alfred Edwin Brain Sr.

Alfred Edwin Brain (born Turnham Green, London, 4 February 1860; died London, 25 October 1929), was an English player of the French horn. He was the founder of a great school of English horn playing. His grandson Dennis Brain became perhaps the most famous horn player of all time. He is known as A.E .Brain Sr. (Senior) because one of his sons, who also was a famous horn player, had the same name.

A.E. Brain was born in 1860. His father fought in the Crimean War and was invalid. Alfred was not well educated. When he was 12 he joined the Scots Guards and played the horn in the band. He married in 1880 and had seven children. Two of the children became great horn players: Alfred and Aubrey.

He played in several orchestras, including the Philharmonic Society, the Queen’s Hall Orchestra and Covent Garden. He played a lot for Henry Wood in The Proms. In orchestras he nearly always played fourth horn, so his nickname was “George IV”. In 1904 he became a founding member of the London Symphony Orchestra. The four horn players in that orchestra: Adolf Borsdorf, Thomas Busby, Henri Van der Meerschen and A.E. Brain, were often called “God’s Own Quartet” because they blended together so well.

He died in 1929 after a short retirement.


Alfred Edwin Brain Jr.

Alfred Edwin Brain Jr. (born London, 24 October 1885; died Los Angeles, 29 March 1966) was an English player of the French horn. He came from a family which included many famous horn players, including his nephew, Dennis Brain who became perhaps the most famous horn player of all time.
A.E.Brain Jr (Junior, to distinguish him from his father who had the same name) was born in 1885. His father, Alfred Edwin Brain Sr. was a well-known horn player. Alfred started to learn the trumpet when he was six, but when he was twelve he changed to the French horn and learned from his father. He studied at the Royal Academy of Music with Adolf Borsdorf and also learned the piano from G.D.Cunningham who was to teach his nephew the organ some forty years later. His first professional job was with the Scottish Orchestra. He then played in the Queen’s Hall Orchestra and the London Symphony Orchestra. 

When World War I broke out he joined the Scots Guards, but later, in 1917, he did a lot of dangerous work in France where the fighting was taking place. After the war he was awarded the British War Medal and Victory Medal for his bravery.

When he returned after the war he got jobs with several of the London orchestras, including Covent Garden where he played for Sir Thomas Beecham. His brother Aubrey, also an excellent horn player, returned from the war after him. By this time Alfred had got all the best horn jobs in London, so it was difficult for Aubrey to find the best jobs.

In 1923 he emigrated to the United States. He played in the New York Philharmonic Orchestra and later for the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra. In his later years he recorded a lot in movie studios, including for 20th century Fox.


Skimboarding

Skimboarding is a form of shallow water surfing. 

When the waves at shallow water were poor, surfers would often attempt to surf in shallow breaking water. This led to the making of smaller, lighter boards, named skimboards for the way they allow the user to skim across the surface of the water. Lifeguards were quick to adopt these new boards and used skimboarding as a way to quickly move up and down the beach in shallow water. Skimboarding has progressed and is now a recognized sport. Competitions are held each year around the world and produce large amounts of revenue for the market interested in this sport. These competitions also allow skimboarders to exhibit maneuvers that technology, evolution and skill have made possible.

Arminius

Arminius, also known as Armin or Hermann (b. 18 BC/17 BC in Magna Germania; d. AD 21 in Germania) was a chieftain of the Cherusci. He was able to unite a group of Germanic tribes together to fight the Romans. They destroyed a Roman army in the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest. This was the greatest military disaster the Romans had ever suffered.

After the battle, Arminius immediately sent Varus' severed head to Maroboduus, king of the Marcomanni, the other most powerful Germanic ruler. Arminius offered an anti-Roman alliance. Marobod declined the offer, sending the head on to Rome for burial, and remained neutral throughout the ensuing war. Only later did a brief, inconclusive war break out between the two Germanic leaders.

Later, in 14 AD, the Roman general Germanicus, nephew of the Emperor Tiberius, led a huge 8-legion army (a legion was up to 5,000 men) into Germania against the coalition of tribes led by Arminius.

After visiting the site of the disastrous Battle of the Teutoburg Forest, where 15/20,000 Romans had been killed in 9 AD, and burying their remains, he launched a massive assault on the heartland of Arminius' tribe, the Cheruscans. 

Arminius initially lured Germanicus' cavalry into a trap and inflicted minor casualties, until successful fighting by the Roman infantry caused the Germans to break and flee into the forest. This victory, combined with the fact that winter was fast approaching, meant Germanicus's next step was to lead his army back to its winter quarters on the Rhine.

In spite of doubts on the part of his uncle, Emperor Tiberius, Germanicus managed to raise another huge army and invaded Germany again the next year, in 16. He forced a crossing of the Weser near modern Minden, suffering heavy losses. Then he met Arminius' army in an engagement often called the Battle of the Weser River.

Germanicus's superior tactics and better trained and equipped legions inflicted huge casualties on the German army, with only minor losses. One final battle was fought at the Angivarian Wall west of modern Hanover, repeating the pattern of high German fatalities, forcing them to flee. 

With his main objectives reached and with winter approaching Germanicus ordered his army back to their winter camps, with the fleet occasioning some damage by a storm in the North Sea. However, only a minute number of Romans died due to this storm. After a few more raids across the Rhine, which resulted in the recovery of two of the three legion's eagles lost in 9, Germanicus was recalled to Rome and informed by Tiberius that he would be given a triumph and reassigned to a different command.

Five years later, Arminius was killed on the orders of rival Germanic chiefs. Although Arminius could not keep unity among the Germanic tribes, the loss of Roman legions in the Teutoburg forest had a far-reaching effect on the Germanic tribes and the Roman Empire. Germanicus' campaign was the last major Roman military effort east of the Rhine.

Doctor of Medicine

Doctor of Medicine (MD, from the Latin Medicinæ Doctor meaning "Teacher of Medicine") is a doctoral degree for physicians (medical doctors). The degree is given by medical schools.

It is a professional doctorate / first professional degree (qualifying degree) in some countries, including the United States and Canada. Students need to have completed 90 to 120 credit hours of university level work (see second entry degree) and in most cases should already have a Bachelors Degree.

In other countries, such as the United Kingdom and Germany, the Doctor of Medicine is an advanced academic "research" degree similar to a PhD or a higher doctorate. In Britain, Ireland, and many Commonwealth nations, the qualifying medical degree is the Bachelor of Science in Medicine, Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS, BMBS, BM BCh, BM, MB BCh BAO, or MB ChB) and is the same as the M.D. degree in the U.S. system.

In these countries it is illegal to prescribe scrips (prescriptions) and perform operations without the basic degree; also usual is the membership of appropriate medical and/or surgical societies. The societies (such as the British Medical Association) act as a kind of sophisticated trades union for doctors. In the British system, the General Medical Council has legal authority for the medical register of doctors licensed to practice medicine. They can and do hold tribunals to decide whether doctors accused of misdeeds should be struck off the medical register. Therefore, to practice it is necessary not only to hold the medical degree(s), but also to be on the register.

James D. Watson

James Dewey Watson (born April 6, 1928) is an American molecular biologist and zoologist.

Watson is of British ancestry. He is best known as one of the discoverers of the structure of DNA with Francis Crick in 1953.

Watson, Crick, and Maurice Wilkins were awarded the 1962 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for their discoveries concerning the molecular structure of nucleic acids and its significance for information transfer in living material".

He studied at the University of Chicago and Indiana University and later worked at the University of Cambridge's Cavendish Laboratory. He met Crick at the Cavendish and they became friends.

Watson has received 19 honorary doctorates.
Watson has always been a controversial figure, especially in the United States. The main cause is a long-running argument as to what causes the small difference in the average IQs of black and white people in the U.S.A.

Watson has repeatedly said that differences in average measured IQ between blacks and whites are due to genetics. Watson said his intention was to promote science, not racism

An excerpt from Watson's memoir, "Avoid Boring People: Lessons from a Life in Science" page=102 goes as follows:

An editorial in "Nature" said that his remarks were "beyond the pale". Because of the controversy, the Board of Trustees at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory suspended Watson's administrative responsibilities. Watson issued an apology, then retired at the age of 79 from CSHL after what the lab called "nearly 40 years of distinguished service". Watson attributed his retirement to his age and to circumstances that he could never have anticipated or desired.

Watson has published a number of books.

1707 Hōei earthquake

The 1707 Hōei earthquake happened at 14:00 local time on 28 October 1707. It was one of the largest earthquakes in Japanese history.

The southern coast of Honshu runs in the same direction as the Nankai Trough. This marks the place where the Philippine Sea Plate moves under the Eurasian Plate. Movement on this boundary causes many earthquakes; some of them are megathrust earthquakes. The Nankai megathrust has five parts (A-E) that can break one by one. The different parts have broken either one at a time or all together many times over the last 1,300 years. This kind of quake often happens in pairs with a relatively short time between them. In addition to the two earthquakes in 1854, there were similar earthquakes in 1944 and 1946. Each time, the north-eastern part broke before the southwestern part. In 1707, the earthquakes were either at the same time, or close enough together so that writing from that time do not describe them separately.

29,000 houses were destroyed and more than 5,000 people were killed. The earthquake caused at least one major landslide in Shizuoka. This landslide was one of the three largest in Japan and is called the Ohya Landslide. It covered an area of 1.8 km with an estimated volume of 120 million m. In the Nara Basin, the earthquake made the soil behave like a liquid.

There were two other very large earthquakes: the 1854 Ansei-Tōkai and Ansei-Nankai earthquakes. The 1707 was stronger than both. Several observations show that the Hōei earthquake was bigger. At Cape Muroto, Kōchi, a cliff was raised up about 2.3 m in 1707, but just 1.5 m in 1854. In the Kawachi Plain area, the earthquake was around 6 - 7 on the JMA scale. Also, the amount of damage and height of the water from tsunami showed the strength of the earthquake. There are also records of tsunami at distant locations, such as Nagasaki and Jeju-do, South Korea.

The tsunami that followed the earthquake raised water along the coast. Along the southwestern coast of Kōchi, the average increase in sea level was 7.7 m. In some places it rose up to 10.2 m

Changes in stress caused by large earthquakes may be enough to cause volcanic eruptions, when the magma system of the volcano is close to a critical state. The great earthquake in 1707 may have changed pressure in the magma under Mount Fuji and might have caused the last eruption of Mount Fuji 49 days later.


Henri La Fontaine

Henri Marie La Fontaine (22 April 1854 – 14 May 1943), was a Belgian lawyer. He is most well known for receiving the Nobel Prize of Peace in 1913. He devoted himself to international peace. He was responsible about making education better and about foreign affairs.

La Fontaine was born in Brussels in April 11, 1854. In 1895, he became a senator, and in the following years, he submitted a bill on mine inspection. He also became the President of the International Peace bureau at 1907, and finally received the Nobel Peace Prize in the 1913. He died before Belgium was liberated.

Publius Quinctilius Varus

Publius Quinctilius Varus (46 BC in Cremona, Roman Republic - AD 9 in Germania) was a Roman politician and general under Emperor Augustus. He is mainly remembered for having lost three Roman legions and his own life when attacked by Germanic leader Arminius in the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest.

Dumbledore's Army

Dumbledore's Army (often referred to as the D.A.) is an association in the "Harry Potter" series by J.K. Rowling. It is started in "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" and continued in the last book, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" by member Neville Longbottom. This is an association created to prepare some pupils for beating Voldemort.

The leader, Harry Potter, teaches his friends how defend themselves against the Dark Lord. The idea for the D.A. came from Hermione Granger, who wanted the students to learn defensive spells which were not being taught by the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Delores Umbridge. 

Members:
Hannah Abbott,
Katie Bell,
Susan Bones,
Terry Boot,
Lavender Brown,
Cho Chang,
Michael Corner,
Colin and Dennis Creevey,
Marietta Edgecombe,
Justin Finch-Fletchley,
Seamus Finnigan,
Anthony Goldstein,
Angelina Johnson,
Lee Jordan,
Neville Longbottom,
Luna Lovegood,
Ernie Macmillan,
Padma Patil,
Parvati Patil,
Zacharias Smith,
Alicia Spinnet,
Dean Thomas,
Fred Weasley (later killed) and George Weasley,
Ginny Weasley..

Charles de Tornaco

Charles de Tornaco (June 7, 1927 - September 18, 1953) was a race car driver from Belgium. He drove in Formula One World Championship Grands Prix. He died of a car accident in 1953. The accident happened in Modena, Italy while he was practicing for the race. De Tornaco rolled his car over the barrier. There was no medical help available for him there, and he died on the way to a hospital in a private Mercedes-Benz C-Class. He was 28.

Photo editing

Photo editing or image editing is the changing of images. These images can be digital photographs, illustrations, prints, or photographs on film). Traditional editing, such as airbrushing, is done by hand. Now photo editing is done by programs such as Photoshop, Gimp and Microsoft Paint. 

Photo editing is done for many reasons. Many photos of models are edited to remove blemishes or make the model "better". This is usually called "retouching", "airbrushing" or "Photoshopping", even if Photoshop or airbrushes are not used. Other reasons to edit a photo include fixing errors (red eye, contrast, brightness, etc.), practical jokes, and to trick people. Photo editing is also used to make completely new images. Photo editing is sometimes called photo manipulation, a term which sounds negative.

The first known example of photo editing happened in the 1860s to a photo of President Abraham Lincoln. Before the invention of computers, people had to edit images by hand. Some editing was done by pasting photos together. People also used tools like ink, paint and airbrushes. Enlargers made bigger pictures, and allowed adjustments such as brightening or darkening different parts. 

In the 1980s, photo editing computer programs for personal computers were made. The first version of Adobe Photoshop was released in 1987. 
In 2011 the first photo editing mobile apps were released on App Store Other apps have been made for other mobile operating systems. These apps allow editing and photo sharing by smartphone and tablet computer. 

Piñata

A piñata is a type of decoration with bright colors. It is made from either clay or cardboard and is covered with papier-mâché.

In Puerto Rico, Ecuador, Peru, Venezuela, Colombia and in some other Latin American countries, piñatas are traditionally used only at children's birthday parties. They are usually made of cardboard, colorfully decorated to match the birthday party theme and filled with candy, chocolates, small toys and confetti. Colored strings (long enough to reach the ground) are attached to the bottom of the piñata, where a trap-door is hidden under the decoration. The piñata is then hung somewhere where everyone can see, but the strings are kept out of the reach of children. Toward the end of the party, usually after the cutting of the cake, an announcement is made that the piñata will be 'broken' and each child is given an empty party bag. All the children get together directly underneath the piñata and each child is given a string to hold. Then, at the count of three, the children pull their strings all at the same time. This opens the hidden trap-door (or 'breaks' the piñata) and the children receive a shower of candy and confetti while they rush to fill up their bags with the treats.

Hōei eruption

The started on December 16, 1707 (23rd day of the 11th month of the year Hōei 4) and ended about January 1, 1708 (9th day of the 12th month of the year Hōei 4) during the Edo period. There was no lava flow, but the Hoei eruption released at least 800 million cubic meters of volcanic ash. This ash spread over very large areas around the volcano. It even reached Edo almost 100 km away. Cinders and ash fell like rain in Izu, Kai, Sagami, and Musashi provinces. This eruption of Mount Fuji might have been caused by the 1707 Hōei earthquake
49 days earlier.

The eruption was on Mount Fuji's east–north-east slope and made three new volcanic openings called No. 1, No. 2, and No. 3 Hōei vents. The danger of the eruption increased over the next several days. After the first earthquake and explosion of cinders and ash, another stronger explosion happened a few days later. This explosion threw out rocks and stones. Mount Fuji has not erupted since; but scientists describe Fuji as an active volcano.

Hokusai's "One Hundred Views of Mount Fuji" includes an image of the small crater which developed from a secondary eruption site on the southwestern slope. This was called Hōeizan (Mount Hōei) because the eruption happened in year Hōei 4.

Today the crater can be visited from Fujinomiya Trail or Gotemba Trail of Mount Fuji.

In the year after the Hōei eruption, another related disaster happened. The Sakawa River flooded. Sand from the volcano fell and widely covered the fields east of Mount Fuji. Farmers made sand piles by dumping the ash and sand from their fields. The rain washed away the sand piles from the dumping grounds and into the rivers again and again. This made some of the rivers shallower, especially the Sakawa. Enough ash had fallen to partly block the river. The ash made temporary dams. Heavy rainfall on August 7 and 8, 1708, caused an avalanche of volcanic ash and mud and broke the dams. The river flooded the Ashigara plain.



Forest of Secrets (Warriors)

Forest of Secrets is the third book in the first "Warriors" series: "Warriors: The Prophecies Begin". It was written by Erin Hunter. It was published on 14 October 2003.

"Forest of Secrets" takes place in a fictional forest populated by feral cats who live in groups called Clans. There are four Clans: ThunderClan, ShadowClan, WindClan, and RiverClan. The cats that live in these Clans call themselves warriors.

Fireheart, a ThunderClan warrior, looks for a way to expose Tigerclaw, deputy (second-in-command) of ThunderClan, for being a traitor. Graystripe, Fireheart's best friend, is in love with a RiverClan warrior, Silverstream, despite relationships between cats of different Clans being against the rules the Clan cats live by.

Silverstream and Graystripe have kits, Featherkit and Stormkit, but Silverstream dies giving birth to them. Graystripe takes the kits to ThunderClan, where he is exposed for having a forbidden relationship. RiverClan is angry about this, and wants to take the kits back.

Fireheart and Graystripe find Ravenpaw, Tigerclaw's former apprentice, and get the true story of what happened in the battle where Redtail, the former deputy of ThunderClan, died. They find out that Tigerclaw's story of what happened that day was a lie, and that Tigerclaw killed Redtail. Fireheart tries to tell Bluestar about this, but she doesn't believe him.

Eventually, Tigerclaw brings a group of former ShadowClam cats into the camp, and tries to kill Bluestar during the confusion of the battle. Fireheart rescues Bluestar, and Tigerclaw is banished from ThunderClan. Fireheart is made deputy in his place, and Graystripe takes his kits to RiverClan. Bluestar's mental state begins to fail because of Tigerclaw's betrayal.

Rising Storm (Warriors)

Rising Storm is the fourth book in the first "Warriors" series: "Warriors: The Prophecies Begin", written by Erin Hunter. It takes place in a fictional forest populated by four groups of feral cats that call themselves Clans. There are four Clans: ThunderClan, ShadowClan, WindClan, and RiverClan. The cats that live in these Clans call themselves warriors. 

Fireheart, now second in command to Bluestar, the leader of ThunderClan, must deal with Bluestar's failing mental state, as well as the rest of the Clan's needs. He also has to train his troublesome apprentice, Cloudpaw. Cloudpaw, having been born outside of the Clans, fails to follow the rules that the Clans live by, which gets him into trouble. He eventually tries to beg for food from humans, which results in him being captured and taken away.

A cat named Ravenpaw finds Cloudpaw in a human house far away from the Clans. Ravenpaw comes to tell Fireheart where Cloudpaw is, and so he, Fireheart, and another cat called Sandstorm go to rescue Cloudpaw.

Later on, Fireheart realizes ThunderClan territory is on fire, and he warns the Clan. His early warning meant that most of the Clan could escape in time. However, Yellowfang, an old friend of Fireheart's, and several old cats die in the fire. ThunderClan takes shelter in RiverClan territory for a while, before returning to their own territory, to find it burnt and ruined. A few days later, Fireheart takes ThunderClan to a Gathering (a night when all four Clans meet to share news) and discovers that his old enemy, Tigerclaw is now the leader of ShadowClan.

Titanosaur

Titanosaurs were a group of large sauropod dinosaurs. Together with the brachiosaurs and relatives they make up the larger clade Titanosauriformes.

They were the largest and heaviest creatures ever to walk the Earth. Titanosaurs included "Saltasaurus", "Isisaurus", and "Paralititan". The group includes the largest land animals known to have existed. "Patagotitan" ( long) – is now installed in the Natural History Museum in London. Its weight in life is estimated at . 

The comparably sized "Argentinosaurus" and "Puertasaurus" are from the same region, as is "Abdarainurus" and "Aegyptosaurus". The group's name is from the mythological Titans of Ancient Greece.

The titanosaurs were the last great group of sauropods before the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event. They were the dominant herbivores of their time. The fossil evidence suggests they replaced the other sauropods: the diplodocids and the brachiosaurids died out between the Upper Jurassic and the mid-Cretaceous.

"Titanosaurus indicus" was first one found, by British paleontologist Richard Lydekker in 1877. He only had two caudals (tail bones) and a femur collected on different occasions at the same place in India.

Broadly, their skeleton was similar to earlier sauropods, but with a few key differences. The pelvis (hip area) was slimmer than some sauropods, but the pectoral (chest area) was much wider. This gave them a uniquely 'wide-gauged' stance: their front legs were wider apart, and usually longer than their hind legs. This can be seen very clearly in the "Argentinosaurus". As a result, the fossilised trackways of titanosaurs are broader than other sauropods. Their vertebrae (back bones) were solid (not hollowed-out). Their spinal column was more flexible, so they were probably more agile than their cousins and better at rearing up.

The group was quite varied. Some of the smaller types did not have longer forelimbs ("Epachthosaurus"), and one Chinese find ("Xinghesaurus") had an extremely long neck. These differences must reflect adaptations to differences in their habitats and life-style, but at present there is little known about this. Many of these discoveries are quite recent.

Titanosaurs were widespread. Their fossils have been found in all continents, even Antarctica. Four well preserved skeletons of a titanosaur species were found in Italy. 

They were especially numerous in the southern continents (then part of the supercontinent of Gondwana). Australia had titanosaurs around 96 million years ago: fossils have been discovered in Queensland of a creature around 25 meters long (82 feet). Remains have also been discovered in New Zealand.

Titanosaurs hold the world record for the size of a land animal. One place in the Argentine had 150 bones from seven titanosaurs. The largest were from an animal 40 metres (~130 feet) long and 20 metres (35 feet) tall. It would have weighed about 77 tonnes. A local farm worker stumbled on the remains in the desert near La Flecha, about 250km (135 miles) west of Trelew, Patagonia. The BBC flew a team out to record the event. David Attenborough follows the story of how experts found the world's largest dinosaur measuring 121ft and its heart weighed more than three people.

Estimated size & weight:

As a group, titanosaurs were high browsers, eating leaves and branches from tall trees. This is in contrast to other herbivores like the Ceratopsia and Ankylosauria, which were low browsers, eating lower vegetation like ferns and cycads . As a general rule, high browsers can eat lower-growing plants, but low browsers cannot eat from tall trees. Like the earlier sauropods (e.g. "Diplodocus") titanosaurs had peg-like teeth and no grinders. This means they used gastroliths to grind their food, and had a huge vat-like stomach. 

Fossilized dung found with late Cretaceous titanosaurids suggests a broad, unselective plant diet. Besides the plant remains that might have been expected, such as cycads and conifers, there were an unexpectedly wide range of monocotyledons, including palms and grasses (Poaceae), including ancestors of rice and bamboo. This has given rise to speculation that herbivorous dinosaurs and grasses co-evolved.

A large titanosaurid nesting ground was discovered in Auca Mahuevo, in Patagonia, Argentina. Another colony is reported in Spain. Several hundred female saltasaurs dug holes with their back feet, laid eggs in clutches averaging around 25 eggs each, and buried the nests under dirt and vegetation. The small eggs, about 11–12 cm (4–5 in) in diameter, contained fossilised embryos, complete with skin impressions. The impressions showed that titanosaurs were covered in a mosaic armour of small bead-like scales. The huge number of individuals suggests herd behavior which would have given protection against large predators such as "Abelisaurus". Their primary protection was, of course, their size. It is difficult to imagine a predator tackling a fully-grown titanosaur, and probably none did. Young titanosaurs would need guarding, of course.

Crosshair

A crosshair is a circular range most commonly associated with telescopic sights for aiming firearms; often used in first-person shooter video games. It lets the player know what and where they are going to shoot.

Chemical similarity

Chemical similarity or molecular similarity is a similarity between two different molecules. Two molecules with chemical similarity may do the same or a very similar thing in an organism. They might also have very similar chemical structures. It can be used to predict the properties of certain chemicals. 

Battle of Thermopylae

The Battle of Thermopylae, 480 , was a battle in the second Persian invasion of Greece. It was fought between an alliance of Greek city-states, led by Sparta, and the Persian Empire of Xerxes I. It took place at the pass of Thermopylae. The battle was fought for over three days, at the same time as the naval Battle of Artemisium.

The Persian invasion was a delayed response to the defeat of the first Persian invasion of Greece. In 500 BC the lonians settled in the western coast of Asia minor and rose up against Persian’s King Darius. After six years, the rebellion was ended. In 490 BC the Persians sailed to punish the Athens. Darius fought against Athens and promised to punish them because they went to Persian land to help The Ionians. This First Persian War was ended by the Athenian victory at the Battle of Marathon.

Xerxes had a huge army and navy, and in this Second Persian War set out to conquer all of Greece.

The Athenian general Themistocles suggested the Greek allies should block the Persian army at the pass of Thermopylae, and block the Persian navy at the Straits of Artemisium.

A Greek force of about 7,000 men marched north to block the pass in the summer of 480 BC. The huge Persian army arrived at the pass in late August or early September.

Heavily outnumbered, the Greeks held off the Persians for seven days in total (including three of battle), before the rearguard was annihilated in one of history's most famous last stands.

During two full days of battle, the small force led by King Leonidas I of Sparta blocked the only road by which the massive Persian army could pass. After the second day of battle, a local resident named Ephialtes betrayed the Greeks by revealing a small path that led behind the Greek lines. Aware that his force was being outflanked, Leonidas dismissed the bulk of the Greek army, and remained to guard the rear with 300 Spartans, 700 Thespians (who refused to leave), 400 Thebans and perhaps a few hundred others. Most of them were killed.

The pass at Thermopylae was thus opened to the Persian army according to Herodotus, at the cost to the Persians of up to 20,000 fatalities. The Greek rearguard meanwhile, was annihilated, with a probable loss of 2,000 men, including those killed on the first two days of battle.

After this engagement, the Greek navy at Artemisium received news of the defeat at Thermopylae. Since their strategy required both Thermopylae and Artemisium to be held, and given their losses, the Greek navy decided to withdraw to Salamis. The Persians then captured the evacuated Athens. During the battle the Greek navy lured the Persians into a narrow pass and obliterated at least 200 Persian war ships, thanks to Themistocles.

Seeking a decisive victory over the Allied fleet, the Persian fleet attacked, but were defeated at the Battle of Salamis in late 480 BC. Fearing to be trapped in Europe, Xerxes withdrew with much of his army to Asia, leaving Mardonius to complete the conquest of Greece. The following year, however, saw a Greek army decisively defeat the Persians at the Battle of Plataea, thereby ending the Persian invasion.

Both ancient and modern writers have used the Battle of Thermopylae as an example of the power of a patriotic army of freemen defending native soil. The performance of the defenders at the battle of Thermopylae is also used as an example of the advantages of training, equipment, and good use of terrain as force multipliers and has become a symbol of courage against overwhelming odds.


Coriolis effect

The Coriolis effect is a force that is found in a rotating object. Gaspard Gustave de Coriolis first described the Coriolis effect in 1835 using mathematics. The Coriolis effect can best be seen in hurricanes. In the northern hemisphere, they spin counter-clockwise (because the earth spins counter-clockwise), and in the southern hemisphere they spin clockwise.

One example of the Coriolis effect that is often described is that water flows down a drain in the opposite direction in the northern and southern hemispheres. However, in reality, the force of the Coriolis effect is not strong enough to see in such a small amount of water. 

Battle of Artemisium

The naval Battle of Artemesium took place at the same time as the Battle of Thermopylae, in 480 BC.

Approaching Artemisium towards the end of summer, the Persian navy was caught in a gale off the coast of Magnesia and lost around a third of their ~1,200 ships.

After arriving at Artemisium, the Persians sent a detachment of 200 ships around the coast of Euboea in an attempt to trap the Greeks, but these were caught in another storm and shipwrecked.

The main action of the battle took place after two days of smaller engagements. The two sides fought all day, with roughly equal losses; however the smaller Allied fleet could not afford the losses.

After the engagement, the Allies received news of the defeat of the Allied army at Thermopylae. Their strategy was to hold both Thermopylae and Artemisium. So, given their losses, the Allies decided to withdraw to Salamis. The Persians overran Boeotia and captured the now-evacuated Athens. However, seeking a decisive victory over the Allied fleet, the Persians were later defeated at the Battle of Salamis in late 480


Lou Marcon

Louis Angelo Marcon (born May 28, 1935 in Fort William, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. His career included 60 games in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings.

Moonrise (Warriors)

Moonrise is the second book in the second "Warriors" series: "Warriors: The New Prophecy". It was written by Erin Hunter. It was published on 21 July 2005.

It takes place in a fictional forest populated by feral cats who live in groups called Clans. There are four Clans: ThunderClan, ShadowClan, WindClan, and RiverClan. The story also takes place in a mountain range populated by a group of cats called the Tribe of Rushing Water, and in a different forest around a lake, as well as the ocean shores.

Brambleclaw and Squirrelpaw of ThunderClan, Crowpaw of WindClan, Feathertail and Stormfur of RiverClan, and Tawnypelt of ShadowClan are on their way home from a journey. They were on a journey to find a new home for their Clans, because their old home is being destroyed by humans.

On their way back, they go through a mountain range, where they meet the Tribe of Rushing Water. The Tribe is being preyed upon by a mountain lion called Sharptooth. However, their leader, Stoneteller, has received a prophecy that says "a silver cat will save their Tribe." The Tribe takes Stormfur hostage, believing he is the silver cat.

The Clan cats help Stormfur escape from the Tribe, but they end up going back to the Tribe, taking pity on them. Squirrelpaw comes up with the idea of hiding a dead rabbit in a cave, and stuffing it with poisonous berries, so that Sharptooth will eat the rabbit and die. But their plan backfires, and Sharptooth doesn't eat the rabbit. It attacks the Tribe cats, and it corners Crowpaw. It is about to kill him, when Feathertail sacrifices herself for Crowpaw. She jumps onto a sharp stone hanging from the cave ceiling, and impales Sharptooth with it. Sharptooth dies, and the Tribe is saved, but Feathertail also dies.

Meanwhile, back in the Clans, the forest is being destroyed even more by humans, and some Clan cats begin to go missing.

Mitch Maunu

Mitch Maunu (born July 30, 1986 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. Maunu was drafted by the Windsor Spitfires in the 1st Round, 10th overall in 2002. He went on to become their captain. After playing major-junior he played in the ECHL and American Hockey League before returning to his hometown of Thunder Bay to play for the Lakehead Thunderwolves.

Rudy Migay

Rudolph Joseph Migay (November 18, 1928 in Port Arthur, Ontario – January 16, 2016) was a Canadian retired professional ice hockey forward. He began playing in the National Hockey League with the Toronto Maple Leafs during the 1949–50 NHL season and retired after the 1959–60 season, having never played with another team.

His brother-in-law, Pete Backor, was the first Stanley Cup winner of Slovak descent. He also was of Slovak descent, since both of his parents were born in what is today Slovakia.


Presque Isle International Airport

Northern Maine Regional Airport (Airport Code KPQI) is a public airport in the city of Presque Isle, Maine.

It was used as an Air Force Base called "Presque Isle Air Force Base". The base closed in 1961.

US Airways Express flies between here and Boston, Massachusetts.

Palm Beach International Airport

Palm Beach International Airport (airport code KPBI) is a public airport serving the city of West Palm Beach, Florida.

The Following Airlines Serve the airport:


Albany International Airport

Albany International Airport is a public use airport six nautical miles (11 km) northwest of the central business district of Albany, in Albany County, New York, United States. It is owned by the Albany County Airport Authority. It is an airport of entry serving Albany. It is in the town of Colonie. It was built on the site of the Shaker settlement about 6 miles (10 km) north of Albany and stretching north to the hamlet of Verdoy. The airport is the seat of a class C airspace.

Source:

Arthur Nash

W. Arthur "Jakie" Nash (5 September 1914 in Thunder Bay, Ontario – 18 January 2000 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) was a Canadian ice hockey player who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics as a member of the Canadian ice hockey team, which won the silver medal.

Nash was a member of the 1936 Port Arthur Bearcats, which won the silver medal for Canada in ice hockey at the 1936 Winter Olympics. In 1987 he was inducted into the Northwestern Ontario Sports Hall of Fame as a member of that Olympic team.

Nash was a Goaltender for Port Arthur Bearcats, a hockey team based in Port Arthur, Ontario. In 1935 the Bearcats were the runner-up in the Allan Cup, which earned him a trip to represent Canada at the 1936 Winter Olympics ice hockey event where he won the Silver Medal. After the Olympics he moved to England and played for the Wembley Monarchs in the English National League from 1936 through 1938. He later returned to Canada and played at least one full season (1941–1942) with the Kimberley Dynamiters of the Alberta-British Columbia Senior League. He was still playing internationally as late as 1948.


Lou Nistico

Louis Charles Nistico (January 25, 1953 – November 27, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. During his career he played three games in the National Hockey League and 186 games in the World Hockey Association. The Colorado Rockies, Toronto Toros, and Birmingham Bulls were some of the teams his played for during his career. Nistico was born in Thunder Bay, Ontario.

Nistico died on November 27, 2020 at the age of 67.

Sabaton

Sabaton is a Swedish heavy metal band. It was formed in 1999. Sabaton have released 6 albums: Metalizer from 2000, Primo Victoria from 2004, Attero Dominatus from 2005, The Art of War from 2008, Coat of Arms from 2010, and Carolus Rex from 2012. Their lyrics are based on wars and battles, especially the two World Wars. They sing and have many albums in both Swedish and English.
Sabaton holds the lead for most successful Swedish heavy metal band. 



Head crash

A head crash is when the part of a hard drive that writes on the disks (the "head") touches the disk. Usually, there is air between the head and the disk. However, if dirt and debris get into the drive, they can cause the disks to crash.The crash itself then sends more debris which can make things worse. It is important to back up files before a head crash. Head crashes make sounds. Hard drive failures can also be caused by bearings, parts found in the drive motor.


Fort McMurray

Fort McMurray is a small city in Northern Alberta. The city is also known as the Wood Buffalo Region. Fort McMurray has been popular because of the oil sands production which attracts thousands of people to move to Fort McMurray and work. Over the years, the construction around the city has been moving fast with new buildings, bridges, and wellness centres.

A major fire broke out in May 2016.

Wilderness

Wilderness or wildland is a natural environment on Earth which has not been much disturbed by humans. 

Wilderness areas can be found in reserves, estates, farms, conservation areas, ranches, National Forests, National Parks and even in urban areas along rivers, gulches or any undeveloped areas. These areas are important for the survival of species, biodiversity, ecology, conservation, solitude, and recreation. 

Wilderness is deeply valued for cultural, spiritual, moral, and aesthetic reasons. Some nature writers believe wilderness areas are vital for the human spirit and creativity. 

They may also preserve historic genetic traits and that they provide habitat for wild flora and fauna that may be difficult to recreate in zoos, gardens or laboratories.

From this point of view, it is the wildness of a place that makes it a wilderness. The mere presence or activity of people does not disqualify an area from being "wilderness". Many ecosystems that are, or have been, inhabited or influenced by activities of people may still be considered "wild." This way of looking at wilderness includes areas within which natural processes operate without human interference.

The WILD Foundation states that wilderness areas have two dimensions: they must be biologically intact and legally protected. The World Conservation Union (IUCN) classifies wilderness at two levels, Ia (Strict Nature Preserves) and Ib (Wilderness areas). 

Probably no place on earth is completely untouched by humanity, either due to past occupation by indigenous people, or through global processes such as climate change. Activities on the margins of specific wilderness areas, such as fire suppression and the interruption of animal migration, also affect the wilderness.

Especially in richer , industrialized nations, it has a specific legal meaning as well: as land where development is prohibited by law. Many nations have designated wilderness, including Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa and the United States. 

Many new parks are currently being planned and legally passed by various Parliaments and Legislatures at the urging of dedicated individuals around the globe who believe that "in the end, dedicated, inspired people empowered by effective legislation will ensure that the spirit and services of wilderness will thrive and permeate our society, preserving a world that we are proud to hand over to those who come after us".

Conservation

Conservation





Southwest Florida International Airport

Southwest Florida International Airport (ICAO: KRSW, IATA: RSW) is a county-owned airport that serves the city of Fort Myers, Florida.

The following airlines serve Southwest Florida International:


Northwest Florida Regional Airport

Northwest Florida Regional Airport (airport code KVPS) serves the city of Fort Walton Beach, Florida.

The following Airlines serve Northwest Florida Regional Airport:

Northwest Florida Regional Airport and Eglin Air Force Base share two runways: 12/30 with a 12,005 x 300 ft (3,659 x 91 m) asphalt/concrete surface and 1/19 with a 10,012 x 300 ft (3,052 x 91 m) asphalt pavement. For the 12-month period ending March 31, 2006, the airport had 126,060 aircraft operations, an average of 345 per day: 71% military, 19% scheduled commercial, 8% general aviation and 2% air taxi.

The airport has a 110,000 sq. ft. airport passenger terminal building. It has three second-level gates with passenger jet ways and three ground-level commuter gates with regional jet boarding bridges

Tampa International Airport

Tampa International Airport is a major airport to the west of Tampa. It is in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States. This airport is owned by Hillsborough County Aviation Authority. It serves the Tampa Bay Area. Many good things have been said about the airport's architecture and "Landside/Airside" design. It has a central terminal ("landside") connected by people movers to gates that are not at the terminal ("airsides"). It was first designed in the late 1960s. The airport was known as Drew Field Municipal Airport until 1952.

Tampa International Airport is a hub for Silver Airways. Southwest Airlines has a focus city at the Tampa International Airport. It used to be the main aircraft and maintenance site for World Airways and North American Airlines. Southwest Airlines carries the largest amount of TPA passengers. Southwest has over 90 flights per day, when it is most busy. The airport presently has 71 non-stop destinations. These include international service to Canada, Mexico, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and to destinations throughout the Caribbean. The airport had 18,815,452 passengers in 2015. It is the 31st busiest airport by passengers moved in North America. 

The following airlines serve Tampa International Airport:


Orlando International Airport

Orlando International Airport is a major international airport in Orlando, Florida. It is the second busiest airport in Florida. Miami International Airport is the busiest. It is the 13th busiest airport in the United States and the 29th busiest airport in the world by passenger traffic.

The airport serves as a hub for AirTran Airways and as a focus city for Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways. The airport is the home of AirTran's corporate headquarters but the airline has its main hub at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta, Georgia. Southwest Airlines is the airport's largest carrier in terms of passengers traveled. SWA carried one-fifth of all passenger traffic at the airport in 2006.

The airport code MCO stands for the airport's former name, McCoy Air Force Base. It was named for Colonel Michael Norman Wright McCoy, USAF. In the early 1960s, with the creation of commercial jet airline service to the Orlando area, the installation became a civil-military facility. After the Vietnam War, McCoy AFB was to be closed. All Air Force flight operations ended in early 1975. The airport was known as Orlando-McCoy Jetport until being renamed as Orlando International Airport.

The Greater Orlando area is also served by Orlando Sanford International Airport (SFB). Daytona Beach International Airport (DAB), Melbourne International Airport (MLB), and Tampa International Airport (TPA) are also near by.

There is a Delta Air Lines Sky Club and a United Airlines United Club located in the airport.

A complimentary motor coach transportation service to all twenty four Walt Disney World resort hotels. The motor coach service is operated by Mears Transportation and is available to Disney guests with resort reservations. An agreement with BAGS Incorporated also provides checked luggage pickup and delivery system for Disney guests utilizing the Disney's Magical Express service.

The airport serves as a major inbound gateway for cruise line passengers departing out of Port Canaveral on lines including Royal Caribbean International, Carnival Cruise Lines, Disney Cruise Line, SunCruz Casinos, and Sterling Casinos, all operating motorcoach transportation to Port Canaveral, primarily with partnerships with Mears Transportation.


Gjakova

Gjakova (Albanian language) Gjakova or "Gjakovë"; , "Đakovica";) is a city and municipality in western Kosovo. It is also the administrative centre of the district with the same name. The municipality's population is estimated at 150,000 (2007). The city is located at .

Pristina

Pristina or Prishtina (, ; or ; ) is the capital city of Kosovo. It has a mostly Albanian population, but also some Serbs. It is in the north-eastern part of Kosovo, close to the Goljak mountains.

In ancient history, the Vinča culture lived in the area. The city was part of the Roman Empire between 28 BC and 850 AD. After that, the Byzantine and Bulgarian Empires fought for control, taking Kosovo back and forth, between 850 and 1180. Then it became part of the Kingdom of Serbia. For most of that time, it was the capital of Serbia. When the Serbs lost the Battle of Kosovo, the Ottoman Empire took the city. They brought Islam to Kosovo. While Kosovo was part of the Ottoman Empire, most Albanians became Muslims. Some Slavs did too. In the 1680s, the Austrian Empire conquered Kosovo for a short time, but it was retaken by the Ottomans. 

In 1912, Albanian rebels led by Hasan Pristina took the city. A few months later, the Kingdom of Serbia captured Pristina. Then, in the Second Balkan War, the Bulgarian Empire took Pristina from Serbia. Then, in December 1918, French colonial troops took Pristina, and gave it to the Kingdom of Serbia, which was now known as the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes. In the next years, Serbs would take Turkish land and property by force. Most Turks left, and some Albanians did too. 

On 17 April 1941, Yugoslavia surrendered to the Axis Powers. On 29 June, Benito Mussolini said that there would be a Greater Albania, and that Kosovo would be a part of it. After that, Italian and Albanian fascists killed lots of Serbs, and tens of thousands left Kosovo. After Italy switched sides to the Allied Powers, Nazi Germany took control of Pristina. 281 local Jews were arrested by an Albanian Schutzstaffel (SS) division. They were sent to Germany, where many were killed. Due to the chaos caused by World War II, as well as many people being forced to leave, Pristina's population dropped to 9,631 people.

After World War II, Yugoslavia became a communist country. Large parts of the town were destroyed to try to make room for new buildings, including most of the town center. This included a lot of buildings that had been built by the Ottomans. Pristina got a lot of money from the Yugoslav government because it was the capital of the Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija, so it developed quickly. The University of Pristina was founded, lots of high-rise apartment blocks were built, and a new industrial zone near the city attracted a lot of people from other parts of Kosovo. Pristina's population increased very quickly, from 69,514 in 1971 to 109,208 in 1981. But this period of quick growth was soon ended by an economic and social crisis. After Tito died, the many different ethnic groups in Yugoslavia started having troubles with each other. This included the Serbs and Albanians.

Boeing 717

The Boeing 717 is a jet airliner. It has two engines, which means that it is a twinjet. It also only has two columns of seats, which makes it a narrow-body plane. The Boeing 717 was designed and sold by McDonnell Douglas. It was called the MD-95, which was designed from the DC-9. The 717 can hold up to 117 passengers. It can fly for . The 717 has two Rolls-Royce BR715 turbofan engines.

The first MD-95 was ordered in October 1995. Boeing bought McDonnell Douglas in 1997, which was before the first MD-95 was made. The first plane was finished in 1999, and it was called the Boeing 717. Boeing stopped making 717s in May 2006. 156 were made.

Douglas Aircraft made their DC-9 to fly with the DC-8 in the early 1960s. The DC-9 was a brand new design. It had two Pratt & Whitney JT8D turbofan engines at the back of the plane and a small wing. The DC-9 first flew in 1965. Airlines began to use it later that year. 976 DC-9s were made.

The McDonnell Douglas MD-80 series was finished in 1980. The MD-80 was the second family of DC-9. It was a longer version of the DC-9-50, and it had more fuel and new engines. Nearly 1,200 MD-80s were made from 1980 to 1999.

The MD-90 was designed from the MD-80 series. It first flew in 1993. The MD-90 was longer and had a glass cockpit. It also had new IAE V2525-D5 engines. Only 117 MD-90s were made.

In early 1994, the MD-95 was designed by McDonnell Douglas. The plane was long and it had a wingspan of span. McDonnell Douglas said that it thought the MD-95 would become a family of aircraft.

The MD-95 was made to replace the DC-9. The MD-95 had new engines, cockpit and it was more modern.

Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS) decided to use the Boeing 737-600 instead of the MD-95 in March 1995. Then in October 1995, ValuJet bought 50 MD-95s. McDonnell Douglas thought that starting to make the MD-95 after this small order would be fine. The ValuJet order was the only order for the MD-95 for two years.

The MD-95 was supposed to have a type of JT8D-200 engine. It could also have had the Rolls-Royce Tay 670. McDonnell Douglas said that the MD-95 would not cost much to make, because it was so similar to the MD-90.

McDonnell Douglas thought that the BMW Rolls-Royce BR700 engine was better than the others, so on February 23, 1994, it was chosen to be the plane's engine.

McDonnell Douglas was going to make all MD-95s in China. However, in 1994, McDonnell Douglas began to look for a cheap place to make the planes. Halla Group in South Korea was made the wings of the plane, Alenia of Italy made the fuselage, Aerospace Industrial Development Corp. of Taiwan make the tail; and a part of Korea Air Lines made the nose and cockpit.

After Boeing bought McDonnell Douglas in August 1997, many people thought that Boeing would cancel the MD-95. However, Boeing decided to keep making it, but call it something else: the Boeing 717. A United States Air Force plane was called the "717-100" and the airliner was called the "717-200". The lack of a widespread use of the 717 name left it available to rebrand the MD-95.

At first, Boeing was not very successful at selling the 717. The first Boeing 717s began to be made in May 1997.

A small Australian airline bought many 717s, but it was eventually merged with Qantas. This meant that Qantas had some 717s that it did not want.

However, Qantas soon saw that the 717 was quite good. It was bigger and faster than the BAe 146, which Qantas was using at the time. It was also cheaper to use. Many airlines which used the 717s, including Qantas, began to buy more. Qantas bought more 717s, as well as Hawaiian Airlines and Midwest Airlines.

The 717's main rivals are the Airbus A318 and the Embraer E-195.

In December 2003, Boeing lost a US$ 2.7 billion contract from Air Canada. Air Canada bought the Embraer E-Jets and Bombardier CRJ instead of the 717. In January 2005, Boeing said it would stop making the 717 after the last planes had been built.

The last 717 was finished in April 2006 for AirTran Airways. AirTran got the first and last 717. The last two Boeing 717s were for AirTran and Midwest Airlines. They were delivered on May 23, 2006. The 717 was the last airliner made at Boeing's Long Beach factory in California.

The 717 has a glass cockpit. The cockpit design is called the Advanced Common Flightdeck (ACF). The MD-11 has the same one.

The 717 can make Category IIIb ILS landings. The 717 has the same type rating as the DC-9. This means that pilots of the DC-9 can also fly the 717.

McDonnell Douglas does not have airstairs at the back of the plane. This was done so that the plane would use less fuel.

In 1993, McDonnell Douglas wanted to make three types of 717 (MD-95):

Boeing 717 Business Express would have been a type of 717-200 to be used as a private jet. This version is made with the BBJ family.

Boeing 717-100 (-100X): A smaller version with 86 seats. It was cancelled in 2003.

Boeing 717-100X Lite: A smaller version with 75 seats. It would have had Rolls-Royce Deutschland BR 710 engines. It was cancelled.

Boeing 717-300X: The other name for the MD-95-50. Delta Air Lines, Iberia and Northwest Airlines were said to be interested in this type.

In July 2012, 143 Boeing 717-200s were being used. The airlines using it were AirTran (88), Hawaiian Airlines (18), Cobham Aviation Services Australia (13), Blue1 (9), Volotea (9), and Turkmenistan Airlines (6). Delta Air Lines will get 88 717s from Southwest Airlines in 2013.

As of March 2009, the Boeing 717 has had five accidents. Nobody has died in these, and there have been no hull-loss accidents. A hull-loss accident is an accident where the plane is damaged so much that it cannot be repaired, or if the plane is completely destroyed.

Sources: Boeing 717 Characteristics 717 Airport planning report Boeing 717 Specifications



Jerry Trainor

Gerald William "Jerry" Trainor (born January 21, 1977) is an American actor, comedian and voice actor. He has appeared in series like "T.U.F.F. Puppy". He is best known as Spencer Shay in "iCarly".

Kroger

Kroger is a retail supermarket chain in the United States. As of 2010, it had 3,619 stores. Bernard Kroger opened the first Kroger store in 1883 in Cincinnati, Ohio. The company's headquarters are still in Cincinnati today. In 1999, the company merged with Fred Meyer, Inc.

Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood International Airport

Fort Lauderdale – Hollywood International Airport is an international commercial airport in unincorporated Broward County, Florida, It is southwest of Fort Lauderdale. It is also located near the city of Hollywood. The airport is north of Miami.

In 2010, the airport had 22,412,627 passengers This included 3,447,393 international passengers. From June 2010 through May 2011, the top five users off the airport were Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Delta Air Lines and US Airways. At that time, FLL was the 22nd busiest airport in the United States. It was the nation's 15th busiest international airport. It was one of the 50 busiest airports in the world.

The following airlines serve Fort Lauderdale – Hollywood International Airport:

Dance of Death (album)

Dance of Death is an album by Iron Maiden. It is their thirteenth album and went on sale on 8 September 2003. It was produced by Kevin Shirley and Steve Harris.

The album was well-received; one person who reviewed it said it was a "triumphant return to form for these heavy metal legends.

The picture on the front of the album has many mistakes in it. Some people appear to have broken bones. Others look like they are standing on top of people or animals.


Iodine monochloride

Iodine monochloride, also known as iodine(I) chloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ICl. It has iodine and chloride ions. The iodine is in its +1 oxidation state.

Iodine monochloride is a red or brown solid. It easily melts. It has two forms; one melts at 27.2°C and the other melts at 13.9°C. It is an oxidizing agent. It can vaporize easily, too to make a brown vapor. It reacts with water. It is the main source of I. It is an interhalogen.

It is made by mixing equal moles of iodine and chlorine. More chlorine would make iodine trichloride. 

It is used to add iodine atoms to some organic compounds.


AAL

AAL or Aal may refer to:






Fish Hooks

Fish Hooks is a 2010 animated series. It was created by Noah Z. Jones. The series was first broadcast on September 24, 2010. The show ended on April 4, 2014.

Milo Fishtooth, Oscar Fishtooth, and Bea Goldfishberg go to a high school called Freshwater High, and go on adventures.



Barred owl

The barred owl is a large owl commonly found in eastern North America.

The barred owl grow 43 to 61 centimeters (17 to 21 in) with a wingspan of 102 to 127 centimeters (40 to 50 in) at full length. The average male weigh 630 grams (22 oz) and female weigh 800 grams (28 oz). It has a round head with dark brown eyes while most owls in the eastern United States have yellow eyes. The barred owl lives about 10 to 12 years in the wild.

The barred owl lives in the woods across the eastern United States, southern Canada and Alaska. They sometimes migrate to Central America in the winter. The great horned owl is the only predator of the barred owl.

The barred owl makes nests on tree limbs and are usually near ponds or lakes. They may use nests that have been left by other animals. They can lay 1 to 5 eggs. Eggs hatch in 28 days and the young begin to fly 42 days later. 

The barred owl eats rabbits, squirrels, bats, snakes, and small insects. They are able to find food from a far distance from its great hearing sense. They can also hunt fish.

Electrical impedance

Electrical impedance is the amount of opposition that a circuit presents to current or voltage change.

The two main ways to write an impedance are:


The Impedance and the resistance are quite similar:

In the case of resistance, a resistor resists any current going through it. The higher the resistance, the higher the voltage that is needed to achieve a given current. The formula is:

formula_5, where V is the voltage, R is the resistance, and I is the current.

In the case of impedance, an inductor resists changes to the current and the capacitor resists changes to the voltage.

The key difference between resistance and impedance is the word "change", the rate of change affects the impedance. Usually the "change" is expressed as a frequency, the number of times per second the current or voltage change direction. The formulas are:

For the inductor:
formula_6

For the capacitor:
formula_7

Where Z is the symbol for impedance, j is the imaginary number formula_8, formula_9 is the constant pi, f is the frequency, L is the inductance and C is the capacitance. The units for the resistance and the impedance are the same, the ohm with the symbol formula_10 (capital omega).

As indicated by the formulas above, the impedance varies depending on the frequency, for example, at zero Hertz, or DC, the impedance of the inductor is zero, the same as a short-circuit, and the impedance of the capacitor is infinite, the same as an open-circuit. Most signals are the sum of many sine waves at various frequencies (see the fourier transform for more details), and each of them experience a different impedance.

Similarly to the resistance, the higher the impedance, the higher the voltage that is needed to achieve a given current. The formula is:

formula_11, where V is the voltage, Z is the impedance, and I is the current.

At the physical level, simplifying many things:

One important difference between the resistance and the impedance is that a resistor dissipates energy, it gets hot, but an inductor and a capacitor store the energy and can return that energy to the source when it goes down.
If the impedance of the source, cable and load are not all equal, then a fraction of the signal is reflected back to the source, wasting power and creating interference. The ratio of the can be calculated with:

Any medium that can have a wave has a wave impedance, even empty space (light is an electro-magnetic wave and it can travel in space) has an impedance of about .

Across a resistor, both the voltage and the current goes up and down at the same time, they are said to be in phase, but with an impedance it's different, the voltage is shifted by 1/4 wavelength behind the current in a capacitor, and forward in an inductor.

A 1/4 wavelength is usually represented with the imaginary number "j", which is also equivalent to a 90 degree shift.

The use of the imaginary number "j" makes the mathematics much simpler, it allows to calculate the total impedance the same way as it's done with resistors, for example a resistor plus an impedance in series is R+Z, and in parallel it's (R*Z)/(R+Z).

List of World Heritage Sites in the United States

The List of World Heritage Sites in the United States is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.
UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries, including the United States.

The World Heritage Sites list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

As of 2020, there are 24 places in the United States which are on the World Heritage List.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.



Mesa Verde National Park

Mesa Verde National Park is a United States National Park and UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is in Montezuma County, Colorado, United States. The park was created in 1906 to protect some of the best preserved cliff dwellings in the world. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. 

The park occupies 81.4 square miles (211 square kilometers) near the Four Corners and features ruins of homes and villages built by the ancestral Puebloan people, sometimes called the Anasazi. The ancestral Puebloans made these stone villages their home in the 13th century. However, the first ancestral Puebloans had settled in Mesa Verde over 600 years before the cliff dwellings were ever built.

These first people are known as the Basketmakers and they lived in pithouses clustered into small villages usually built on mesa tops but sometimes in the overhangs of the cliffs. These hunter-gatherer people settled and began farming and using the bow and arrow, a weapon that was more efficient and accurate than the atlatl. By 750 AD, the people were building mesa-top villages made of adobe. By the late 12th century they began to build the cliff dwellings for which Mesa Verde is famous.

Mesa Verde is best known for cliff dwellings, which are structures built within caves and under outcropping in cliffs — including Cliff Palace, which is thought to be the largest cliff dwelling in North America. The Spanish term "Mesa Verde" translates into English as "green table". Approximately 600 of the over 4700 archeological sites found in Mesa Verde National Park are cliff dwellings.

Mesa Verde National Park is in the south-western corner of the state of Colorado.

Elevations in the park range from about . The terrain is dominated by ridges and valleys running roughly north and south. The northernmost point is 21.2 kilometers(13.2 miles) farther north than the southernmost.

Although explorers from Spain went through the general region in the 18th century, actual sight of the cliffs dwellings by outsiders seems to have first occurred in the latter half of the 19th century. 

The fame of Mesa Verde soon began to spread thanks to the Wetherill ranchers and the archeological work of Gustaf Nordenskiöld. Vandalism led to President Teddy Roosevelt's support of protecting the area as a national park in 1906.


Shelling of Yeonpyeong

The shelling of Yeonpyeong was an exchange of artillery between the North and South Korean military on Yeonpyeong Island on 23 November 2010. After a South Korean artillery practice on the island, North Korea fired about 170 shells at Yeonpyeong. The shelling damaged the island greatly. It killed four South Koreans and hurt 19. At this, South Korea shelled North Korean gun positions. North Koreans said that they had fired the shells because they heard South Korean shells being fired into the North Korean part of the sea. Many nations disapproved of what the North did, and the tension (angry feelings) in Korea grew. The United Nations said that it was one of the most serious things that had happened after the end of the Korean War.

South Korea and the United States began the Hoguk exercise which they did every year. The Hoguk exercise was a large military practice with both South Korean and US militaries. The 2010 exercise used 70,000 soldiers from all four kinds of the South Korean military. They had 600 land vehicles, 90 helicopters, 50 warships, and 500 aircraft. The North Korean government felt that these exercises were a preparation for attacking the North, though the South and US said it was not.

On the morning of 23 November, North Korea said that it complained to the South, "asking whether (the [Hoguk] exercise) was an attack against the North". It said that it would not allow firing in what the North thought was its part of the sea. South Korean forces practiced firing in waters near Baengnyeong Island and Yeonpyeong Island in South Korean waters. According to a South Korean military official, the shells were fired towards waters in the south, away from North Korea. The firing was not part of the Hoguk exercise. It was a practice they did every month.

At 14:34 in Korean time, North Korea moved 22-mm Multiple Launch Rocket System shells towards an artillery place in Kaemori. Then it began firing on the island of Yeonpyeong. The firing went on 14:34 to 14:55 and again from 15:10 to 15:41. Many of the shells destroyed homes and shops. When they saw this, South Korea used 15mm self-propelled howitzers to fire about 80 shells at the North. The firing ended at about 16:42. It was the first artillery battle between North and South Korea since the 1970s. It was thought to be one of the most serious attacks by the North on the South since the Korean War ended.

Several fires began because of the North Korean shelling, so the South Korean military moved civilians away from Yeonpyeong.

Two South Korean soldiers, Hasa (Sergeant) Seo Jeong-wu and Ilbyeong (Private First Class) Moon Gwang-wuk, were killed. Six other people in the military were seriously hurt. Two workers on the island, Kim Chi-baek, who was 61, and Bae Bok-chul, who was 60, were also killed. Many parts of the island were put on fire because of the attack. Most of the people living on the island were moved after the shelling. From the 1,780 people living there, about 1,500 moved away. Many of them moved to Incheon on the mainland. The Incheon city sent 22 fire engines and ambulances to the island.


Nantucket Memorial Airport

Nantucket Memorial Airport (airport code KACK) serves the city of Nantucket, Massachusetts. The airport opened in 2009. 

The following airlines fly to Nantucket Memorial Airport:


Midway International Airport

Midway International Airport (airport code KMDW) is a secondary airport serving the city of Chicago, Illinois. It was the largest airport in Chicago before O'Hare International Airport was built. It is on the South Side of Chicago in Garfield Ridge and in Clearing.

Originally named Chicago Air Park, Midway Airport was built on a plot in 1923 with one cinder runway that primarily served airmail services. In 1926 the city leased the airport for commercial purposes. The airport was designated as Chicago Municipal Airport on December 12, 1927. By 1928 the airport had twelve hangars and four runways, lit for night operations.

In 1931 a new passenger terminal opened at 62nd St; the following year the airport claimed to be the "World's Busiest" with over 100,846 passengers on 60,947 flights. The March 1939 OAG shows 47 weekday departures: 13 on United, 13 American, 9 TWA, 4 Northwest and two each on Eastern, Braniff, Pennsylvania Central and C&S. New York's airport (Newark, then LaGuardia by the end of 1939) was then the busiest airline airport in the United States, but Midway passed LaGuardia in 1948 and kept the title until 1960.

More construction was funded in part by $1 million from the Works Progress Administration; the airport expanded to fill the square mile in 1938–41 after a court ordered the Chicago and Western Indiana Railroad to reroute tracks that had crossed the square along the north edge of the older field.

On June 30, 1956, United Airlines Flight 718, a Douglas DC-7, was headed for Midway Airport. Over the Grand Canyon, it collided with a TWA Super Constellation, killing all 128 people on both planes. This became the impetus for the modern air traffic control system.

On December 8, 1972, United Airlines Flight 553, a Boeing 737-200, crashed into a residential area outside Midway during landing. The crash killed 43 of the 61 people on board and two people on the ground.

Exactly 33 years later, on December 8, 2005, Southwest Airlines Flight 1248, a Boeing 737-700 inbound from Baltimore-Washington International Airport in Baltimore, Maryland, slid off the runway while attempting to land at the airport in a heavy snow storm. The airplane broke through the barrier fence of the airport and came to rest at the intersection of 55th Street and Central Avenue bordering the airport at its northwest corner. A 6-year-old boy was killed as a passenger in a vehicle that was struck by the plane after it skidded into the street.

The following airlines use Chicago Midway International Airport:


Jeep Wrangler

The Jeep Wrangler is a compact Sport utility vehicle made by the Jeep division of Chrysler. It replaced the Jeep CJ which came from the World War II Jeep, or Willys MB. They made 3 different kinds, which are the YJ the TJ and the JK. It is an off road vehicle like all the other Jeeps.

The Jeep YJ AKA Beijing-Jeep BJ 2024, and Jeep Sahra (Iran) was sold from 1987-1996, (1989-1997 in Iran). Replaced The Jeep CJ. when it was discontinued in 1986. It was better selling than the CJ. It had square headlights and was a little less round than the ones we see today, and had a hard steering wheel. It is more comfortable than the CJ, and less ground clearance for the road. It's both a truck and a convertible, same as the other Jeep Wranglers. From 1987-1989 it was 71.9 in (1.830 mm), for the 1990-1992 soft top it was 72 in (1,800 mm), and for 1990-1992 hardtop it was 69.6 in (1,770 mm). It's width is 66 in (1,700 mm), length from 1987-1989 it was 152.6 in (3,880 mm), 1990-1992, 153 in (3,900 mm), and from 1993-1995 151.9 in (3,860 mm). The wheelbase is 93.4 in (2,370 mm). It got replaced by the TJ. Trim Levels were Base, Laredo, Islander, Sport, Sahara, Renegade, and Rio Grande. Formed in Toledo, Ohio, United States, Brampton, Ontario, Canada, Beijing, China, and Tehran, Iran.

The TJ Jeep Wrangler AKA Dodge Wrangler TJ, (Philippines), Jeep TJL (Egypt), Beijing-Jeep BJ 2023, and BAW Jeep Zhangqi 2023, was sold from 1997-2006, With a completely different change to it. It was more round than the previous. They sold in Unlimited versions too which were released in 2004. There were SE, X, Sport, Rubicon, Unlimited, and Unlimited Rubicon. Including a Sahara version. It can come in the V6 or the I6 engine. Formed in Toledo, Ohio, United States, Cairo, Egypt, Beijing China, and Tehran Iran.

The JK Wrangler AKA Jeep J8, and Jeep TJL-J8 is the third and current version of the Jeep Wrangler. It has been around from 2007-present. The JK was a complete redesign from the Jeep TJ series. with a 2-inch (51 mm) longer wheelbase and 3.4-inch (86 mm) wider track. It also included a new 4-door model Wrangler, called the JK Unlimited or "JKU" for short, with a wheelbase. The JKU is the largest Jeep Wrangler to date. Both the Wrangler JK and JKU are available with a 3-piece fiberglass hardtop called the Freedom top. It features removable sections over the driver and front seat passenger that can be removed leaving the rear portion of the hardtop in place. The JK and JKU trims are, the X, the Rocky Mountain Edition, the Islander, the X-S, the Sahara, the Rubicon, Rubicon 10th Anniversary Edition and Rubicon X. Newer trim and limited edition packages include the Sport, Sport S, Willys Wheeler, Black Bear, Freedom Edition, 75th Anniversary, Backcountry and Rubicon Hard Rock. They are produced in Toledo, Ohio, United States, and Cairo, Egypt.

LG Corporation

LG Corp. is the second largest South Korean multi-industry company that produces electronics, chemicals, and telecommunications products and operates subsidiaries like LG Electronics, LG Display, LG Telecom, LG Boring, and LG Chem in over 80 countries.

LG Corp. started as Lak-Hui Chemical Industrial Corp. in 1947. In 1952, Lak-Hui became the first South Korean company to enter the plastics industry. While the company expanded its plastic business, it established GoldStar Co.. (currently "LG Electronics Inc.") in 1958. Both companies Lucky and GoldStar merged and formed Lucky Goldstar.

In 1995, to compete better in the Western market, the Lucky-Goldstar Corporation was renamed "LG". The company also associates the letters LG with the company's tagline "Life's Good".

Waco, Texas

Waco () is a city in McLennan County, Texas. The city has an estimated 2022 population of 143,984.

Major Waco attractions include:

Tharandt

Tharandt is a town in the Rural District Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge, Saxony, Germany. It is located southwest of Dresden.

Monroe Regional Airport (Louisiana)

Monroe Regional Airport (Louisiana) (airport code KMLU) serves the city of Monroe, Louisiana.

The following airlines serve Monroe Regional Airport:


"Monroe Regional Airport" is known as the birthplace of Delta Air Lines, that is where they were founded.

Spirit Airlines

Spirit Airlines is an American ultra low-cost airline. Their biggest hub is in Fort Lauderdale, Florida It flies to 83 cities throughout the Americas.

Spirit Airlines began in 1980 at Michigan. It was first known as "Charter One". In 1992, its name was changed to "Spirit Airlines" and its headquarters were moved to Miramar, Florida. Spirit Airlines ordered 30 Airbus A320 family airplanes in 2006. In March 2007, Spirit became a low-cost carrier. It lowered its prices, removed free snacks & drinks, and started charging passengers for luggage. In 2011, Spirit opened focus cities in Chicago, Dallas and Las Vegas.

Davidson Institute for Talent Development

The Davidson Institute for Talented Development, also known as just the Davidson Institute, is a non-profit organization hosted nationwide. It supports profoundly gifted children.

The DYS is a program helping the gifted people between 5 and 17.

The organization itself has an academy in Nevada.

Genius Denied is a book written by the Davidson company. It explains how smart children often see the world.

Children under 18 can also create pieces of work and earn money off of them. These are Davidson Fellows and make good contributions to society.

The organization owns a database which gives many tools for gifted children. It has a website which contains a forum, a blog and a calendar of events.

The Davidson Academy was founded by Bob and Jan Davidson. In 1997 when they sold the company Davidson & Associates their focus went to philanthropy in gifted children.


Data loss

Data loss is an event that happens when a file, program, or a piece of information is lost. When data is updated, it may change, and this may not be data loss. Data loss also does not occur when the data is unavailable for some time only, for example because the server it is stored on cannot be reached. When this server can be reached again, the data will again be there. There are some common causes to data loss. Data loss can sometimes be prevented by creating a backup copy. A backup copy may contain an older version of a file, which can make data loss less severe. If certain information used by the system is lost, the system may stop working. Getting the system working again and restoring the data from a backup copy may take a long time.

Sometimes a file or folder is accidentally (not meant to be done) deleted. Most of the time users have a special "recycling" bin to recover from, but the loss of system files can stop the system from working.

Sometimes the system could have run low on battery power and shut off automatically while saving or loading data, corrupting it.

Sometimes the system is accidentally unplugged, causing a corruption.

The user can shut the system off by themselves to corrupt unwanted data.

At any time a computer user can unplug the system and corrupt unwanted data.

Lost Horizon

Lost Horizon or Lost Horizons may be about:

To Anacreon in Heaven

To Anacreon in Heaven, also known as the Anacreontic Song, was the official song of the Anacreontic Society. The Anacreontic society was a gentlemen's club of amateur musicians in London during the 18th century. It was written by John Stafford Smith, a British Mason of Inverness Lodge #4 in London. At one point, the song was used by an Irish Masonic Orphans' Home as their song. Later, it became a popular English drinking song, and was called To Anacreon in Heaven. It is about a Greek poet named Anacreon.

The song is not sung very much anymore. However, the music was used by Francis Scott Key for The Star-Spangled Banner, the national anthem of the United States.

Brave New World (album)

Brave New World is an album by Iron Maiden. It is the band's twelfth studio album, and it was released on 30th May of 2000.

The album was recorded in Paris, France. And it was produced by Kevin Shirley.

It has sold around 307,000 copies in the USA. It received many good reviews.One person who reviewed it said that "its excellence was undeniable."


James Hilton

James Hilton (9 September 1900 – 20 December 1954) was an English writer. He wrote several best-selling novels including "Lost Horizon" and "Goodbye Mr. Chips". "Lost Horizon" introduced an imaginary place called Shangri-La and made it popular.

James Hilton was born in Leigh. His father, John Hilton, was the headmaster of Chapel End School in Walthamstow. James Hilton partially based the character Mr. Chipping in "Goodbye, Mr. Chips" on his father.

Hilton wrote his two most famous books while living in an ordinary semi-detached house on Oak Hill Gardens, Woodford Green. The house is still there, and a small, blue sign says it was Hilton's home.

He was married twice, first to Alice Brown and later to Galina Kopineck. Both marriages ended in divorce. He died in Long Beach, California from liver cancer.

Hilton became a successful writer when he was still young. He published his first novel, "Catherine Herself," when he was 20 years old. Several of his books were international bestsellers. Some successful films were made based on his novels. Three of the best known movies are: "Lost Horizon" (1933), "Goodbye, Mr. Chips" (1934), and "Random Harvest" (1941). Many copies of "Lost Horizon" were sold in the 1930s as one of the first Pocket Books. The serial number was "1". Some people call it the novel that began the popularity of paperback books.

"Lost Horizon" is supposedly set in Tibet, and especially in a secret, imaginary valley called Shangri-La. Shangri-La now means any perfect, pleasurable place or utopia.

It is unsure exactly where and how Hilton got his ideas about Tibet. He may have been inspired to write "Lost Horizon" and to invent Shangri-La" by reading the "National Geographic Magazine" by Joseph Rock. Rock was an Austrian-American botanist and ethnologist who explored southwestern China and areas near Tibet. Hilton have also read articles by early travelers in Tibet that he found in the British Library for more ideas Christian Zeeman may also have been the model for the hero of the story. He disappeared while living in Japan and there were rumors that he was living secretly in a Zen Buddhist monastery. Some say that the isolated valley town of Weaverville, California, in far northern Trinity County, was Shangri-La. However, this is a misunderstanding of a comment by Hilton in a 1941 interview. In that interview, Hilton said that Weaverville reminded him of Shangri-La. Coincidentally, Junction City (about 8 miles from Weaverville) now has a Tibetan Buddhist centre with the occasional Tibetan monks in saffron robes.

After the Doolittle Raid on Tokyo, the US President Franklin D. Roosevelt told the press that the airplanes had taken off from Shangri-La. This was a kind of joke to hide the secret that they had taken off from aircraft carriers. Later, the US Navy gave that name to an aircraft carrier, and Roosevelt named his Maryland presidential retreat "Shangri-La". (That retreat is now called Camp David since President Dwight D. Eisenhower renamed it after his grandson.) Zhongdian is a mountain region of Southwest China that has now been renamed Shangri-La (Xianggelila) because it may have inspired Hilton's book 

Hilton lived and worked in Hollywood beginning in the mid-1930s. He won an Academy Award in 1942 for his work on the screenplay of "Mrs. Miniver". That film was based on the novel by Jan Struther. Hilton was the host of "The Hallmark Playhouse" (1948–1953) for CBS Radio. One of his later novels, "Morning Journey", was about the movie business.


Some of Hilton's novels became films:

Hilton co-wrote the book and lyrics for "Shangri-La", an unsuccessful 1956 Broadway musical adaptation of "Lost Horizon".


Davao City

Davao City is the largest city in the province of Davao del Sur. The city serves as the regional center of Davao Region 11th, Davao has been awarded by the Department of Tourism as the "most livable city" in the Philippines in 2008, The city boasts some of the finest beaches and mountains in the country and its proximity of the Philippines 'most captivating' diving spots as well as is highest peak, Mount Apo, The City of Davao is the premiere city and hub of whole Mindanao, It is a Crown Jewel of Mindanao, King City of the South, Fruit Basket of the Philippines, Durian Capital of the Philippines and Little Japan of the Philippines.


Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo

Maria Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo (born 5 April 1947) is a Filipino politician who was the President of the Philippines from 2001 to 2010 and the Vice-President from 1998 to 2001. She is currently a member of the House of Representatives. She was the country's second female president, after Corazon Aquino. She is also the daughter of former President Diosdado Macapagal.

In July 23, 2018, she was elected as the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines. She left the job in June 2019.

Rocket Mania!

Rocket Mania is a computer puzzle video game made by Nuclide Games and PopCap Games.

The player rotates fuses to launch rockets. Multiple rockets can be launched because the fuses have junctions. Players can get coins for launching rockets. Five coins will upgrade a rocket. The player goes through different ranks by earning points. Combos can also happen if a fuse launches and then falls.

The game starts at night, with a time limit. Depending on the level, the player will launch a certain number of rockets before they level up. The dragon automatically upgrades the rockets with coins, which in turn gives the player more points. Other types of items can also be awarded. Item values are based on rockets.

The game starts empty, with tiles filling up the board. The player must lead fuses to rockets before the board fills.

The player starts with a number of matches. Launching multiple rockets will bring bonus matches to the board, but they will burn out if left there. If the match is carried by the fuse light, the player gets the match. The game ends if the player runs out of matches.

Catherine, Princess of Wales

Catherine, Princess of Wales, (born Catherine Elizabeth Middleton, sometimes known as Kate Middleton; 9 January 1982) is the wife of Prince William and mother of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. She will become Queen of the United Kingdom when William becomes King.

Middleton was born at Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading, She was grew up in Berkshire. She went to Marlborough College. She met Prince William when she was studying at the University of St Andrews in 2001. 

When they started a relationship, the attention from the media made Middleton feel harassed. In April 2007, the press reported that William and Middleton had split up. They continued to be friends and didn't stay away from each other, and later in 2007 they got back together.

William and Kate were married on 29 April 2011. She became Duchess of Cambridge upon her marriage to Prince William. Since then, Middleton has attended many royal events. 

On 22 July 2013, the Duchess gave birth to a baby boy named Herbert in a London hospital. On 24 July, it was announced that the baby would be called Prince George of Cambridge, with the full given name George Alexander Louis. On 2 May 2015, she gave birth to Princess Charlotte of Cambridge. Their third child, Prince Louis of Cambridge, was born on 23 April 2018.

Kate is very popular with the public. Many people like her fashion sense and she has been placed on many "best dressed" lists. 


William R. Maples

William Ross Maples, Ph.D. (Dallas, Texas; August 7, 1937 - Gainesville, Florida; February 27, 1997) was a forensic anthropologist. He worked at the C.A. Pound Human Identification Laboratory at the Florida Museum of Natural History. He usually studied about bones and helped in many famous criminal searches, including the question about Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna's survival. He wrote the book "Dead Men Do Tell Tales: The Strange and Fascinating Cases of a Forensic Anthropologist". The book is about his life from when he began being interested in anthropology and about some of his most famous forsenic cases.




Memoir

A memoir (from the French word "mémoire" or the Latin "memoria", meaning "memory") is a literary genre and a kind of autobiography. A person who writes memoirs can be called a "memoirist". An autobiography tells the story of a life, while a memoir tells a story from a life, such as touchstone events and turning points from the author's life.

Anna Demidova

Anna Demidova (1878 – July 17, 1918) was a Lady in Waiting for Tsarina Alexandra of Russia. She was exiled with the Romanov family to Tobolsk and Ekaterinburg after the Russian Revolution of 1917. She was also killed with them on July 17, 1918. She was later canonized as a martyr by the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia in 1981 for being hurt by the Soviet. Her nickname was "Nyuta" and she was described as a tall blonde.

Alexander Palace

The Alexander Palace () was a palace near Tsarskoye Selo, St. Petersburg, Russia. It is mostly famous for being the place where the last Russian Emperor Nicholas II and his family lived. It is in the Alexander Park. It was called an "elegant building" with the "greatest simplicity" and "comfort".


Amulet

An amulet (from Latin "amuletum", meaning "charm"), is an object that people think will bring good luck and or protection to its owner.

Usually amulets are gems, statues, coins, drawings, pendants, rings, plants, animals, etc. Even words can be amulets, such as "vade retro satana"—(Latin, "go back, Satan"), to make bad luck go away.

Tsarskoye Selo

Tsarskoye Selo (; "Tsar's Village") is an old Russian residence of the imperial family. It is located south from the center of St. Petersburg, but is no longer a place for the imperial family. Instead, it is part of the town of Pushkin and of the World Heritage Site.

In the 17th century, the place belonged to a Swedish noble.

In 1708, Peter the Great gave the estate to his wife as a present. She helped in the making of the Blagoveschenskaya church there in 1724, and changed the name of the place to Blagoveschenskoye. However, this soon went out of use.

It was Catherine I who started to develop the place as a place for royal people. She built the Catherine Palace, now known as the Cameron Gallery.

By the end of the 18th century, Tsarskoye Selo became a popular place for noble people to visit in the summer. On September 17, 1941 the Germans destroyed the town of Pushkin, destroying many historical buildings and other artifacts.

Prince Ioann Konstantinovich of Russia

Prince John Constantinovich of Russia () (5 July 1886 – 18 July 1918), also known as Prince Ioann, Prince Ivan or Prince Johan, was the eldest son of Grand Duke Constantine Constantinovich of Russia. He was described as a gentle, religious person. His relatives gave him the nickname of Ioannchick. He was born at Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire, and was in the House of Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov. He later married the Princess Helen of Serbia.

Maria Feodorovna (Dagmar of Denmark)

Maria Feodorovna (26 November 1847 – 13 October 1928), born Princess Dagmar of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and later Princess Dagmar of Denmark, was the Empress consort of Russia as the wife of Alexander III of Russia. Her son, Nicholas II of Russia, was the last Tsar of Russia. She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark.


Lernaean Hydra

In Greek mythology, the Lernaean Hydra was a serpent-like monster. According to Theogony 313, the Hydra is the child of Typhon and Echidna. The Hydra had many heads.

It is also said that the Hydra's teeth were able to raise skeletons from the dead. There are pictures of the Hydra on vases and bronze plates dating back as far as the 7th century BC.

Hercules (who is called "Heracles" in Greek mythology) kills the Hydra as one of his labors. The Hydra lived in the lake of Lerna in the Argolis. The lake itself is older even than the Mycenaean city of Argos. Lerna was also the site of the myth of the Danaids. 

The second of the 12 labors of Hercules was to kill the Hydra. The monster also had one immortal head that was in the middle. All of the heads could spit deadly acid. To defeat the Hydra, Hercules called on his nephew Iolaus for help. As soon as Hercules cut off one head, Iolaus would cauterise the wound with a flaming torch so that nothing could grow to replace it. After removing the Hydra's immortal head, Hercules buried it under a large rock. Then he collected the monster's poisonous blood. In later adventures, he dipped his arrows in the blood to kill other monsters.


CrossOver

CrossOver is the collective name for four commercial programs developed by CodeWeavers that allow using Windows programs on Mac OS X and Linux.
The programs include "CrossOver Linux", "CrossOver Mac", "CrossOver Games" and "CrossOver Games Linux". They are modified versions of the free and open source Wine compatibility layer.

Fred Figglehorn

Fred Figglehorn is a fictional character made up by Lucas Cruikshank, a teenager from Columbus, Nebraska.

Fred Figglehorn was first recorded in 2005 and first seen on YouTube in 2006 as a five year old boy. Cruikshank makes his voice sound higher pitched for the Fred character. By April 2009, Fred's YouTube subscription page had over one million subscribers, making him the most subscribed person on YouTube. His peak amount of subscribers was over 3,000,000. The amount has declined since he started working on his films and TV show due to the hiring of writers to make his scripts for him, thus making his videos less funny. As of July 27, 2012, his channel has 1,910,093 subscribers.

In February 2009 Cruikshank worked with Nickelodeon acting in an episode of iCarly and creating the movies "", "Fred 2: Night of the Living Fred" and "Fred 3: Camp Fred". He also worked with them, creating his own TV show called "Fred: The Show".

The Fred Figglehorn franchise has 3 web shows ("FЯED", "Figgle Chat", and "It's FЯED!"), 3 movies (, and ), and a television show (). It also has 2 albums ("It's Hackin' Christmas with FЯED!" and "Who's Ready to Party?"). It has many types of merchandise, including T-shirts, a talking doll, and many other products.

An unpopular, hyper teenage boy named Fred Figglehorn has a crush on a girl named Judy, but is sad to see her singing a romantic duet with his enemy Kevin during a music class. After this, Fred wants to sing a song with Judy, but after trying to sneak his way into her house, he discovers that she has moved. So Fred goes on a journey to find Judy's new house. While looking, Fred runs into different characters, including a talking deer, a lost childhood friend who had disappeared in the forest years earlier, a neighborhood girl named Bertha who's friends with Fred, and a boy with a personality opposite to his own named Derf.

When he arrives at Judy's home, he discovers that she is hosting a party to which he was never invited. He is bullied by her guests who are bullies of him for his poor social status at school and strange personality. After vomiting on Judy's party dress, Fred leaves the house. He is angry to find that Kevin has posted a video of him vomiting on Judy online, so he decides to throw a party of his own and not invite anybody to get revenge. In order to trick others into believing that he has had a spectacular house party, Fred invites Bertha to his house where they dress up mannequins in different outfits and play around. After Fred edits the video of the fake party, he posts it on the internet, where his schoolmates watch it and believe that Fred and Bertha actually had a really good party. After watching the video, different students at Fred's school say how awesome Fred and Bertha are (except Kevin, who claims the party was "lame"). Some students say they actually went to the party. Soon, Judy visits Fred's house and asks if the two may sing together, and Fred accepts the request.

In school, Fred finds out his music teacher, who had trouble hearing, has been replaced by Mr. Devlin. Mr. Devlin cleans up and throws away a hearing aide, which is suspicious. While walking home with his friend, Bertha, he sees a girl, Talia following them. Fred thinks he is being stalked, so he runs home. Later, Fred notices Mr. Devlin is his new neighbor. Fred is now afraid of Mr. Devlin, thinking he may be a vampire.

At school, Devlin asks everyone to join a musical community. Fred thinks that Devlin is trying to turn everyone into a vampire by having them take his lessons, and everyone is joining. That night, Fred spies on him and sees him burying what he believes is a body. Meanwhile, Talia vanishes, making him think she was a ghost. Kevin's mom then invites them to a party. It is then found out that Talia is Kevin's sister. The next day, Mr. Devlin, takes Fred's mom on a date. This worries Fred.

Fred asks Bertha to help prove Mr. Devlin is a vampire. Fred and Bertha spy on Mr. Devlin and Fred's mom at a restaurant. Mr. Devlin orders a bloody steak making Bertha more suspicious. Later that night, Fred falls from his window because Mr. Devlin sees him as he is trying to get away. Later, Fred goes around and puts up crucifixes to fend off Devlin, as vampires hate all things holy. Derf tells Fred to face his fears and defeat Devlin, so Fred buys garlic sauce. At the piano recital that night, Fred squirts the garlic sauce on everyone, including Talia.

Afterwards, Mr. Devlin invites him to his house for dinner so that they can "bury the hatchet". Fred sets up a live video stream from his phone so he can prove that Devlin is a vampire. Inside Devlin's house, Fred discovers a secret butchers' room behind a wall filled with meat and bones. Devlin creeps in with a long knife and a tall head-dress, scaring Fred. Fred then drops his phone into a pot of boiling liquid. The video freezes on Devlin. This image of Devlin in his headdress makes everyone who sees it think that he is a vampire. But after Devlin talks about his weird hobbies, Fred now begins to like Devlin.

Everyone at school sees his video, so they believe that Devlin is a vampire, too. He runs to Devlin's house to apologize but Devlin is too depressed to answer. Mr. Devlin gets fired and says that he will have to sell his house and move. Fred feels guilty and tries to fix things by making them think he is the vampire. Bertha and Talia both help, as Talia reveals how much she hates her brother. Kevin and his friends go to Devlin's house because they think he has Talia. Devlin tells them that vampires are not real, but Bertha comes out and says, "Vampires are real, but it's not Devlin. It's him!" Then, Fred walks out of the garage carrying Talia, threatening to turn her into a vampire too. Bertha makes Kevin stab Fred, and he gets sprayed with fake blood. Devlin sees Fred and accepts his apology. Devlin says he quit his job and sold his house of his own choice. Then, as Fred's mom and Devlin are going out for dinner, Fred looks in the mirror and sees that Mr. Devlin has no reflection. This means he was a vampire after all, and Fred screams in terror as the movie ends.

There is a third Fred film called "Fred 3: Camp Fred". It was shown on Nickelodeon on July 28, 2012. Fred is stuck at Camp IWannapeepee as his mom signed him up for the wrong camp as he quickly befriends two campers as they must win this year's Summer Camp Games and beat Camp Superior, where Kevin is a camper.

FЯED: The Show (where Mr. Figglehorn (Fred's abusive imaginary/make-believe father) (played by John Cena) didn't appear), is a Nickelodeon show starring Lucas Cruikshank as Fred. A preview aired on January 16, 2012 and another aired on February 20, 2012. The show itself was aired the same day as the second preview. The show came to production after the success of Fred 2: Night of the Living Fred. So far, 18 episodes have aired and had to stop production for the release for the third film, but new episodes will air on July 30, 2012.

"Fred" is the original web show Fred started out with. There are 4 seasons. Each one seems to have a kind of different style than the one before. In Season 1, Fred has a blue shirt. In Season 2, his shirt is red (because his grandma put a red sock in the laundry and the color ran). In Season 3, his shirt somehow becomes blue again. Season 4 is in HD and features Fred in many different places besides his house.

"Figgle Chat" is a talk show series Fred made where he interviews special guests (such as "Barack Obama", Hunter Hunterson, and Perez Hilton).

This web show is an animated version of Fred's world. The first episode ("Fred gets Animated part 1) was posted on November 17, 2011. The second part ("Fred gets Animated part 2") was posted on November 24, 2011.


Hound Dog (song)

Hound Dog is a song written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller. It was first sung by Willie May Thornton in March 1953, but is best known by Elvis Presley in 1956. The genre is twelve-bar blues.

Miss Piggy

Miss Piggy is a female pig puppet made by Jim Henson that appeared on "The Muppet Show" on television.

Bert

Bert is a golden yellow Muppet created by Jim Henson. He was on the TV show "Sesame Street". He's Ernie's roommate. 

Even though Bert is a grumpy, he is still sometimes happy. He's yellow with a single eyebrow called a unibrow, and had a vertical striped shirt (compared to Ernie's which is horizontal). He looks like a banana.

Bert first appeared in the test episodes of Sesame Street in 1969, with his uni brow never moving, and a little more tame. Then later in the years starting in Season 3 of Sesame Street, Bert can move his uni brow up and down. Starting in 1997, he was funnier and nicer but still grumpy. Bert has known to be changed nine times.

Ernie is Bert's brother and roommate. And is the more clumsy and funny guy. He was first seen the same day Bert first was seen. He was voiced by Jim Henson until his death in 1990.

Ernie

Ernie is an orange Muppet on the television program "Sesame Street". Ernie was created and voiced by Jim Henson. Steve Whitmire has voiced Ernie since love. He is Bert's best friend. They live together.

Ernie is the more active and funny kind of guy. He looks like an orange football with horizontal stripes on his shirt. He laughs differently than anyone else and really likes to sing.

Ernie was first seen with Bert in the test episodes of "Sesame Street" in 1969. His voice at that time was more similar to Rowlf the dog than Kermit the Frog. He had purple and yellow stripes on his shirt and a purple nose instead of the red and blue stripes and red nose he has now. His shirt and nose were changed in the second year of the program. In the third year, his eye focus got better.

Bert is Ernie's and roommate. He is more grumpy, but still likes Ernie.

Bee Train

Bee Train Production Inc. (ビィートレイン株式会社, Biītorein Kabushikigaisha?) usually referred to as Bee Train is a Japanese anime studio, founded by Koichi Mashimo and his colleagues in 1997. It is most famous for showing strong female characters with a light lesbian attraction.

Mashimo worked around Japan as a director on his own (not employed to a single company) with a group of other artists. He started a studio that would encourage and help young artists. He and his friend worked at Production I.G. The company president agreed to help Mashimo with his plan and helped start it. The first few years the two studios worked together on anime based on popular video games then Bee Train studio grew big enough to work more on its own. The studio was given a project of short videos to tie in with a new video game series called .hack (said as "dot hack"). In addition to the new set of videos the studio was also given a 26 episode television series. The next years would be met with new additions to the game series and the studio's famous "girls-with-guns" trilogy. Bee Train became independent in 2006. The two studios still have a good relationship with each other and work together on projects occasionally. From 2009 to 2010, the studio expanded to include two new areas called C-Station and D-Station. Bee Train also has another small office called Studio Road. Studio Road does the color work for anime.


Give a Little More

"Give a Little More" is the second single released by Maroon 5 on August 17, 2010, from the album "Hands All Over". The music video for the single was released on September 1, 2010, on VEVO. The song hit radio airplay on October 12, 2010. The song was produced by Phantom Planet's Sam Farrar.

Hands All Over

Hands All Over is the third studio album released under A&M/Octone Records by pop/rock Grammy Award winning band "Maroon 5". The album was released on September 21, 2010, in the United States and in the United Kingdom on September 15, 2010. The album features the singles "Misery", "Give a Little More", and "Never Gonna Leave This Bed". The track "Moves Like Jagger" was added to the deluxe edition of the album on July 5, 2011 after its release on June 22, 2011.

Later on in July of 2011 the hit single "Moves Like Jagger" featuring pop singer Christina Aguilera was put on the deluxe edition of Hands All Over for promotional reasons. The song peaked atop the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The music video premiered on E! News on August 9, 2011.

Maroon 5 began writing the songs that appear on "Hands All Over" after winding down from a world tour in support of their 2007 studio release "It Won't Be Soon Before Long". Several months later, the band received a phone call from Robert John "Mutt" Lange, who had heard that the band were beginning to write a new album, and expressed an interest in producing it. In a press release on their official website, the album is described as "a killer hybrid of rock, pop, funk and R&B".







Ötzi the Iceman

Ötzi the Iceman, or Otzi, (pronounced as Œtsi, in German), is a well-preserved natural mummy of a man who lived about 5,300 years ago. 

The mummy was found in September 1991 by two German hikers in the Schnalstal glacier, Ötzti Alps, near Hauslabjoch on the border between Austria and Italy.

He is also known as the Iceman, Similaun Man, Frozen Fritz, and Man from Hauslabjoch. He is Europe's oldest natural human mummy, and has offered a new picture of Chalcolithic (Copper Age) Europeans.

Ötzi was found on a mountain ridge, at the border between Austria and Italy. After the First World War, Austria had to give the southern part of Tyrol to Italy; it is now known as Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol. At the time, the border was fixed on the watershed of that ridge. The problem with this is that the ridge is usually covered by a glacier, which was also the case in 1919 and 1920. When the border was fixed, the expert team supposed that the watershed was straight below the glacier. The border was fixed that way in 1922 and 1926. The body was found on the Austrian side of the slope. Measurements were done in 1993; they showed that the border is in fact 93 metres from the place where Ötzi was found, on Italian territory. Since 2006, there is a new contract which fixes the border between Austria and Italy: In the case of glaciers, the border is taken on the surface of the glacier, and no longer on the watershed below. This also means that the border is now variable, and depending on the state of the glacier, the place where Ötzi was found is in Austria or in Italy.

Ötzi's body and belongings are now displayed in the South Tyrol Museum of Archaeology in Bolzano in the Southern Tyrol (Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol).

There was also a long legal struggle by the finders, plaintiffs Helmut and Erika Simon, for a suitable reward. After many court hearings, the provincial government agreed to pay Erika Simon €150,000. By that time 17 years had passed, and her husband was dead.

In 2001 X-rays and a CT scan revealed that Ötzi had an arrowhead lodged in his left shoulder when he died, and a matching small tear on his coat. 

The discovery of the arrowhead led researchers to think Ötzi died of blood loss from the wound, which would likely have been fatal even if modern medical techniques had been available. 

Further research found that the arrow's shaft had been removed before death, and close examination of the body found bruises and cuts to the hands, wrists and chest. Cerebral trauma suggested a blow to the head. One of the cuts was to the base of his thumb that reached down to the bone but had no time to heal before his death. 

At present it is believed that death was caused by a blow to the head. Researchers are unsure if this was due to a fall, or from being struck with a rock by another person.

Ötzi exhibits the oldest preserved tattoos in the world. These include 61 marks made from fireplace soot and ash. There were groups of short, parallel, vertical lines to both sides of the lumbar spine, cross-shaped marks on his right knee and right ankle, and parallel lines on his left wrist. 

X-ray examination of his bones showed "age-conditioned or strain-induced degeneration" in these areas. These tattoos may have been related to pain relief treatments similar to acupuncture.
If so, this is at least 2000 years before their previously known earliest use in China (c. 1000 BC). 

DNA sequence analysis has shown that Ötzi had brown eyes, blood type 'O', was lactose intolerant, and was likely to suffer heart disease. He was more closely related to modern Corsicans and Sardinians than to populations in the Alps, where he was discovered. His ancestors probably came from the Middle East as agriculture became more widespread. He was also the first known case of a person infected by the Lyme disease bacterium. He was middle-aged.

Stutter (song)

"Stutter" is a song performed by American pop rock band Maroon 5 from their third studio album "Hands All Over" released on September 15, 2010. The song was written by frontman Adam Levine, Matt Flynn, and Sam Farrar. It was recorded and produced in Vevey, Switzerland in early 2010 by producer and music engineer Robert John "Mutt" Lange.

The song itself premiered during the band's nationwide summer tour in late July 2010 by featuring it on their set list to perform live. The track gained much gratitude and was demanded as a single, however was released along with the album, "Hands All Over", on September 15, 2010. Several amateur videos were uploaded to YouTube and other video-sharing social networks prior to its full-length studio release. On E! News' online website it was said that the group would release the song as a third single, following up the second single "Give a Little More", released on October 12, 2010, in late December or early January the next year. However, "Never Gonna Leave This Bed" ended up being the third mainstream single from the album, being released under A&M Records on February 5, 2011.

The track gained a great number of digital downloads around the time of the album's release in late September, 2010 pursuing "Stutter" to debut and peak at number eighty-four on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. It became the biggest selling song on the album that wasn't a single.

Amphora

In Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome, amphoras were used to transport liquids or grain. Amphores had two handles, used for carrying. Amphoras existed in different sizes, between 5 litres and 50 litres. They were made of clay, or metal. Cargo ships for liquids were full of amphorae.

Most of the amphoras that now exist were made in old times of Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome. However, many were made long before then. Some amphoras date from as far back as 4500 BCE. Some varieties have been found in ancient China.

Peter Waldo

Peter Waldo, Valdo, or Waldes ("c". 1140 – "c". 1218), also Pierre Vaudès or de Vaux, is believed by many to have started the Waldensians. This was a Christian spiritual movement of the Middle Ages. People are still alive in southern Europe who come from this movement. Because not much was written down about Waldo while he was alive, people do not agree how important he was to the Waldensians, because it may have been around before his leadership. Also, the French historian Thuanus thought Waldo died in the year 1179.

Not many details are known about the life of Waldo. Some sources say that he was a rich man who sold clothes, and that he was a merchant from Lyon. Also, sources say that he had some education. Sometime not long before the year 1160 he was inspired by some events. One of these was hearing a sermon on the life of St. Alexius. Another was when saying that one did not believe in transubstantiation (which is the belief that, during Communion, the bread and wine turn into the body and blood of Jesus Christ) became a crime for which one could be punished by death. A third event was the sudden death of a friend during an evening meal. After this, he began living a radical Christian life. He gave his property to his wife. He gave the rest of his things to the poor.

At about this time, Waldo began to preach and teach publicly about his ideas of living simple lives and about poverty. He taught that "No man can serve two masters, God and money", (see Gospel of Matthew 6:24) and strongly criticized things done by the Pope and things taught by the Roman Catholic Church. Some of the things taught by the Catholic Church that he criticized were purgatory and transubstantiation. He said that the Roman Catholic Church was the prostitute from the book of Revelation. By 1170, many people were following him. These people were called "the Poor of Lyon", "the Poor of Lombardy", or "the Poor of God" who would spread their teaching abroad while dressed up as peddlers. Often called the Waldensians (or Waldenses), they were different from the Albigensians or Cathari.

The Waldensian movement had lay preaching (people who were not preachers or priests for a living preached), people who were poor by choice, and strictly obeying the Bible. Between 1175-1185, Waldo either had a cleric from Lyons translate the New Testament of the Bible into the language that most people spoke, the Arpitan (Franco-Provençal) language, or translate it himself.

In 1179, Waldo and one of his followers went to Rome, where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III, and the Roman Curia. They had to explain what they believed in front of a panel of three clergymen, including issues which were then debated within the Church. These included the idea that all people were priests, teaching the gospel in the language most people spoke, and people living poor, simple lives on purpose. The results of the meeting were inconclusive, and Waldo's ideas, but not the movement itself, were condemned at the Third Lateran Council in the same year, although the leaders of the movement had not been yet excommunicated (kicked out of the Church).

Sent away from Lyon, Waldo and his followers moved to the high valleys of Piedmont, and in France, in the Luberon. Finally, Waldo was excommunicated by Pope Lucius III during the synod held at Verona in 1184, and the doctrine of the Poor of Lyon was again condemned by the Fourth Lateran Council in 1215 where they are mentioned by name for the first time, and called heresy. The Roman Catholic Church began to persecute the Waldensians, and many were tried and sentenced to death in different European countries during the 12th, 13th, and 14th centuries. The Waldensians survived by moving the Alps and hiding there. Centuries after his death, the Waldensian denomination joined the Genevan or Reformed branch of the Protestant Reformation.



Siberian Intervention

The Siberian Intervention (1918-1922) was part of a larger plan by the Western powers and Japan. They wanted to support the White Russians against the Bolshevik Red Army during the Russian Civil War. Other places included Northwest Russia, Crimea, Bessarabia, and the Caucasus.

Having occupied the Russian Maritime Provinces, the Allied Forces left by 1920. The Imperial Japanese Army stayed in Siberia until 1922. 

The Siberian Intervention came quickly after the Russian October Revolution of 1917. The new Bolshevik government signed a separate peace treaty with Germany. That was a serious problem for the Entente powers. The treaty ended fighting for the Germans facing Russia. Germany could then move soldiers from east to west; against Europe. The peace agreement also allowed Germany to get many supplies from Murmansk, Arkhangelsk and Vladivostok. In addition, a 50,000 man Czech Legion had been fighting on the side of the Allies. They became trapped. The Czechs were trying to fight their way out to the east to Vladivostok along the Trans-Siberian Railway. However, the Bolsheviks controlled that railway.

Great Britain and France decided to use military power and join the Russian Civil War against the Bolshevik government because of all of those problems. They had three goals: 
The British and French did not have enough soldiers, so the asked the United States to help. They asked the U.S. to send soldiers to both the North Russia Campaign and the Siberian Campaign. President Wilson agreed in July 1918 even though the War Department said not to help. The U.S. sent two groups of soldiers: 5,000 soldiers were the American North Russia Expeditionary Force (nicknamed the Polar Bear Expedition); and 10,000 were called the American Expeditionary Force Siberia. In the same month, the Russian White movement asked the Beiyang government of the Republic of China to send men. They sent 2,000 soldiers by August. The Chinese later occupied Outer Mongolia and Tuva. They sent a battalion to the North Russian Campaign to fight against the Bolsheviks.

The British had few soldiers sending only 1,500 troops to Siberia. These soldiers came from 9th Battalion, Hampshire Regiment and the 25th Battalion Middlesex Regiment.

The Canadian Siberian Expeditionary Force was commanded by Major General James H. Elmsley. The Canadian government approved the mission in August 1918. The Canadian soldiers were sent to Vladivostok to support the allied armies already there. There were 4,192 soldiers in the group. They returned to Canada between April and June 1919. The Canadians did little fighting. Fewer than 100 troops left the base area to go to Omsk. Those 100 worked as administrative staff for 1,500 British troops who were helping the White Russian government of Admiral Alexander Kolchak. Most Canadians stayed in Vladivostok. They did routine practice and worked as police in the unstable port city.

The Italian soldiers were most active in three areas: Irkutsk, Harbin, and Vladivostok.

The Imperial Japanese Army sent 70,000 troops.

The American Expeditionary Force Siberia was commanded by Major General William S. Graves. At its largest, it was 7,950 officers and enlisted men.

The Allies began to work together in Siberia in August 1918. The Japanese entered through Vladivostok and places along the Manchurian border. They sent more 70,000 soldiers. The Allies worried about Japanese plans because they sent such a large group. On September 5, the Japanese met the leading group of the Czech Legion. A few days later the British, Italian and French groups joined the Czechs to try to restart the war in the east. They tried to make a new battle line beyond the Ural Mountains. This meant that the European allies moved west. The Japanese had their own goals. They would not go west of Lake Baikal and stayed behind. The Americans were suspicious of Japanese plans.They also stayed behind to watch the Japanese. By November, the Japanese controlled all ports and major towns in the Russian Maritime Provinces and in Siberia east of the city of Chita.

In the summer of 1918 onwards, the Japanese army supported White Russian groups; the 5th infantry division and the Japanese-backed Special Manchurian Detachment of Grigory Semyonov took control over Transbaikalia. They started a White Transbaikalia government, but it did not last long.

Mac OS X Lion

Mac OS X Lion is an operating system. It is the eighth major release of Apple's Mac OS X software line. It is made for Macintosh desktops, laptops, and servers. It was released on 20th July 2011 via the Mac App Store.

Lion was unveiled to the public at Apple's "Back to the Mac" event on October 20, 2010. It brings developments from iOS (Apple's mobile operating system for the iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad), such as the App Store, to the Mac. 
Some new features were announced at the "Back to the Mac" keynote, however more features are expected to be revealed closer to the release date.



Planck time

The Planck time is the length of time at which no smaller meaningful length can be validly measured due to the indeterminacy expressed in Werner Heisenberg's uncertainty principle. Theoretically, this is the shortest time measurement that is possible. Planck time is roughly 10 seconds. However, to date, the smallest time interval that was measured was 10 seconds, a "zeptosecond."
One Planck time is the time it would take a photon travelling at the speed of light to cross a distance equal to one Planck length.
It is calculated from the Planck constant, which was first thought of by the physicist Max Planck in 1900. This work by Planck asserts that the energy of a photon is proportional to its frequency, and their relation can be put in terms of familiar units such as the joule by using the proportionality constant Planck gave us. Heisenberg's original quantum theory was improved by his teacher and colleague Max Born.

Born put Heisenberg's equation into a matrix form. Born immediately noticed that to calculate using these matrices, one matrix had to be multiplied by another matrix. In matrix multiplication, multiplying matrix P by matrix X gives a different result from the one obtained by multiplying matrix X by matrix P. He further noticed that the difference between the two matrices involves h, the Planck proportionality constant. It shows that one can never pin down things like P (momentum) and X (location) exactly. As a result, we cannot pin down a time any better than we can pin down a place or a momentum. We get closer and closer and then we reach the "Planck time."

Planck time is usually noted "t", symbol made of the latin letter "t" lowercase, initial of latin word "tempus" ("time"), in italic, followed to the right and subscript, by the latin letter P uppercase, initial of the last name of Max Planck.

Planck time is defined by :
where :

In the International System of Units, the recommended value for the Planck time is :
with a relative error of 10.


Silva Kaputikyan

Silva Barunaki "Sirvard" Kaputikyan (, 20 January 1919 in Yerevan, Republic of Armenia - 25 August 2006, Yerevan) was a 20th century prominent Armenian poet, writer, academic, and public activist. 

In February 1988, during a reception in Kremlin, Mikhail Gorbachev said that he and his wife, Raisa, greatly admired Kaputikyan's poetry. She appeared as herself in the 1992 documentary "Parajanov: The Last Spring," about Sergei Paradjanov, a legendary film-maker of Armenian descent who was persecuted by Soviet authorities (Sayat Nova).

Awards won by Kaputikyan during her career include:

Kaputikyan was also a member of International PEN.

Pointillism

Pointillism is a way of painting in which small separate dots of pure color are used to form images. The artist paints the picture with hundreds of tiny dots, mainly of red, yellow, blue and green, with white. The eye and mind of the viewer mix the colours to make different shades of these colours, as well as orange, purple, pink, and brown depending on the way the dots of colour are arranged. 

Georges Seurat, at first an Impressionist painter, and Paul Signac, developed this technique in 1886. Other important artists were Camille Pissarro and, in some paintings, Vincent van Gogh. Art critics who saw their work, laughed at it and called it "Pointillism" as an insult. This name is still used, but is no longer thought of as an insult.

Traditionally, artists blend pigments (mix colours) on a palette. Pointillist painters do not mix the colours on the palette at all they just use the colours straight from the tube. Traditional painters, and also impressionist painters, use many types of brushstrokes, and many textures of paint. The surface of the painting may have flat colour, lines, squiggles and dabs of paint. In a pointillist painting, every part of the picture is done in tiny dots, and most of the dots are about the same size. Pointillism is usually done in oil paints, because they are thick and do not run into each other when they are painted on the canvas.

Many colour printers and large printing presses use four colours to print in tiny dots of cyan (blue), magenta (red), yellow, and black. Televisions and computer monitors use a similar technique to show many different colors using only red, green, and blue.

The name Pointillism is also given to a style of 20th-century music. Different musical notes are made separately from each other, giving a sound texture similar to pointillism. This type of music is also known as "punctualism" or "klangfarbenmelodie".


Baud

In telecommunications, Baud is the unit to measure the symbol rate. If one symbol can be transmitted per second, this is equal to one Baud. The unit is named after Jean-Maurice-Émile Baudot a French telecommunications engineer who invented the Baudot code. The Baud rate is different from the gross bit rate, measured in "bits/second". 

Various electric signal schemes invented in the 20th century such as Phase-shift keying can make bit rates much higher than signal rates. In another example, gigabit ethernet has a symbol rate of 125MBd. Gigabit ethernet uses pulse-amplitude modulation and can transmit two bits of payload data per symbol. Gigabit ethernet uses four balanced pairs for transmission.

It can transmit formula_1.

Yun Chi-young

Yun Chi-Young (Hangul: 윤치영, February 10 1898 - February 9 1996) was a Korean Independent Activist and politician, educators, diplomats. His nickname was 'DongSan' (동산, 東山). 1st Interior Minister (1948) of South Korea, 1st, 2nd and 3rd the National Assembly of South Korean. Younger Half-Uncle was Yun Bo-seon, 4th president of South Korea.

2nd Republic of Korea Ambassador to French 1950 to 1951, 13th Mayor of Seoul City at December 17, 1963 to March 30, 1966.




Sam Francis

Samuel Lewis Francis (June 25, 1923, San Mateo, California – November 4, 1994, Santa Monica, California) was an American painter and printmaker. He was born in San Mateo, California, and studied botany, medicine and psychology at the University of California, Berkeley. He served in the United States Air Force during World War II before being injured in a plane crash. He was in the hospital for several years, and it was while he was there that he began to paint. Once he was out of the hospital he returned to Berkeley, this time to study art.

Francis was initially influenced by the work of abstract expressionists such as Mark Rothko, Arshile Gorky and Clyfford Still. He spent the 1950s in Paris, having his first exhibition there in 1952. While there he became associated with Tachisme. He later spent time in Japan, and some have seen an influence from Zen Buddhism in Francis’ work.

Francis spent some time in Paris making entirely monochromatic works, but his mature pieces are generally large oil paintings with splashed or splattered areas of bright contrasting colour. Areas of white canvas are often left to show through, and in later works, paint is sometimes confined to the edges of the canvas.

Francis returned to California during the 1960s and continued painting in Los Angeles. During the final three decades of his career his style of large scale bright Abstract Expressionism was also closely associated with Color Field painting. During the last year of his life, suffering from prostate cancer and unable to paint with his right hand after a fall, in a final burst of energy he used his left hand to complete a dazzling series of about 150 small paintings before he died. He was buried in Olema, in Marin County, California.

After the death of the artist, the Samuel L. Francis Foundation, Inc. (also known as the "Samuel L. Francis Art Museum, Inc." or the "Sam Francis Foundation") was founded. The Foundation not only serves as his official Estate, but also has a mission "to research, document, protect and perpetuate the creative legacy of [Francis]." The U.S. copyright representative for the Francis Foundation is the Artists Rights Society.

As of 2008, the Foundation is working to create a Catalogue Raisonné of Francis's work. In addition to collecting information on known Francis works, they also have a page dedicated to "missing works" for which they are seeking any information interested parties may have.

In 2010, artist and filmmaker Jeffrey Perkins released the documentary "The Painter Sam Francis". The documentary includes film of Francis at work, filmed between 1968 and the early '90s together with interviews with friends, family, and professional associates of Francis.




Sodium periodate

Sodium periodate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula can be NaIO (sodium metaperiodate) or NaIO (sodium orthoiodate). It has sodium and periodate ions in it. 

Sodium periodate is a colorless solid. It reacts with acids to make periodic acid. It breaks down when heated to make sodium iodate and oxygen gas. It is a strong oxidizing agent.

It can be made by oxidation of sodium iodide with sodium hypochlorite in a nitric acid solution.

Sodium periodate can oxidize cellulose. It is also used as a biodegradable chemical in the human body. It is also used in organic chemistry reactions.


7 Up

7 Up is a product of a lemon-lime flavored caffeine-free soft drink. The rights to the brand are held by Keurig Dr Pepper in the United States, and PepsiCo (or its licensees) in the rest of the world, including Puerto Rico. The origin of the name is unclear. It has been reformulated several times since its launch in 1929. 7-Up Soft Drink contains no caffeine and now has no artificial ingredients or preservatives, and only half the sodium as before. It is distributed by the 7-Up/Dr. Pepper company. The company promotes the product as having a crisper, more refreshing lemon-lime taste than before.

7 Up has been owned by Keurig Dr Pepper since 2017. In other countries, 7 Up is owned by PepsiCo. It was invented in St. Louis, Missouri.

Periodic acid

Periodic acid (pronounced as per·io'·dic acid) is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HIO or HIO. It has hydrogen and periodate ions in it.

Periodic acid is found as a colorless solution. It is a strong oxidizing agent, like perchloric acid. It breaks down when heated to iodine pentoxide and oxygen, as well as water. It does not form IO. It is found as HIO4 in dilute solution and H5IO6 in concentrated solution. When H5IO6 is heated, it turns into HIO4. 

It is made by reacting a periodate with a strong acid.

It is used to look at the structure of certain organic compounds.


Periodate

Periodate is an ion. Its chemical formula is either IO (metaperiodate) or IO (orthoperiodate). They are the salts of periodic acid. The iodine is in its +7 oxidation state. Periodates are similar to perchlorates. They are strong oxidizing agents. Sodium periodate is the most common periodate.


Potassium periodate

Potassium periodate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KIO. It has potassium and periodate ions in it. 

Potassium periodate is a white solid. It is an oxidizing agent. It is similar to potassium perchlorate. It does not dissolve good in water. It makes potassium iodate and oxygen when heated. 

It is made by reacting potassium iodide with a strong oxidizing agent.

It is used to find out how much potassium is in something because it is one of the few potassium compounds that do not dissolve easily in water.


Ray, Iran

Rey, Rayy, Ray, Rhages or Rages (; ; ) also known as Shahr-e-Rey (), is the oldest city in the state of Tehran, Iran. Rey today has been added into the Greater Tehran city. It is linked by the Tehran Metro to the rest of Tehran and has many industries and factories in use. A settlement began here 6,000 BCE as part of the Central Plateau Culture. The settlement was used as a capital by the Medes called Rhaga. In classical Roman geography it was called Rhagae. Its name dates back to the pre-Median.

Iodine heptafluoride

Iodine heptafluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is IF. It contains iodine and fluoride ions. The iodine is in its +7 oxidation state.

It is a colorless gas with a moldy, stinky odor. Its melting point is at , and its boiling point is at . This means that it has a very narrow liquid range. It is a powerful oxidizing agent. It is very irritating to the skin. It is an interhalogen.

It is made by reacting iodine pentafluoride with fluorine gas.


Hypoiodous acid

Hypoiodous acid is a chemical compound. It is also an acid. Its chemical formula is HIO. It has hydrogen and hypoiodite ions in it. 

Hypoiodous acid is very unstable. It easily disproportionates to iodine and iodic acid. It is a disinfectant and oxidizing agent.

It is made by reacting mercury(II) oxide with iodine.

It is too unstable to be used, although people think that this is what makes iodine a disinfectant.


Hypoiodite

Hypoiodite is an ion. Its chemical formula is IO. It is very unstable. It easily disproportionates to iodide and iodate. It is made by reacting iodine with a base. The iodine is in its +1 oxidation state. It is the salt of hypoiodous acid.


Iodine trifluoride

Iodine trifluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is IF. It has iodine and fluoride ions in it. The iodine is in its +3 oxidation state.

Iodine trifluoride is a yellow solid. It breaks down above -28°C. It is made by reacting very cold fluorine with iodine.


Iodine trichloride

Iodine trichloride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ICl. It has iodine and chloride ions in it. The iodine is in the +3 oxidation state.

Iodine trichloride is a yellow solid. It melts at . It conducts electricity when it melts. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It is an interhalogen.

It is made by reacting a lot of cold iodine with liquid chlorine. It can also be made by heating liquid iodine with chlorine gas at .


Silver iodate

Silver iodate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AgIO. It has silver and iodate ions in it. The silver is in the +1 oxidation state.

Silver iodate is a colorless solid. It does not dissolve in water. It is an oxidizing agent. 

It is made by reacting silver nitrate with sodium iodate. 


SemEval

SemEval (Semantic Evaluation) is a series of workshops that focus on evaluating computer systems that interpret the meaning of human language (aka Computational Semantic systems). 

Iodate

Iodate is an ion. Its chemical formula is IO. The iodine is in the +5 oxidation state. It can be made by reduction of periodate. They are similar to chlorates. They react with acids to make iodic acid. They are salts of iodic acid. An example would be sodium iodate.


Iodine pentafluoride

Iodine pentafluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is IF. It has iodine and fluoride ions. The iodine is in its +5 oxidation state.

Iodine pentafluoride is a pale yellow liquid. It is an interhalogen. It is also a powerful oxidizing agent. It reacts with water to make hydrofluoric acid. 

Iodine pentafluoride is made by burning iodine in fluorine gas.

It is used in organic chemistry (amine to nitrile conversion after hydrolysis). 


Iodine pentoxide

Iodine pentoxide, also known as iodine(V) oxide and diiodine pentoxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is IO. It has iodine and oxide ions. The iodine is in its +5 oxidation state.

Iodine pentoxide is a white solid. It breaks down to iodine and oxygen when heated. It reacts with carbon monoxide to make carbon dioxide and iodine. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It reacts with water to make iodic acid.

Iodine pentoxide is made by heating iodic acid to in dry air.

It is used to see how much carbon monoxide is in a sample of gas.


Potassium iodate

Potassium iodate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KIO. It has potassium and iodate ions in it.

Potassium iodate is a white solid. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It is similar to potassium bromate and potassium chlorate. It reacts violently with many reducing agents.

Potassium iodate is made by reacting iodic acid with potassium hydroxide or by reacting iodine with potassium hydroxide. This second reaction makes the iodide and the iodate. 

Potassium iodate is used to add iodine to salt. It is better than potassium iodide because it does not oxidize to iodine and evaporate like potassium iodide does. It is sometimes used in flour just like potassium bromate. 

It is also used for radiation protection. A nuclear explosion can make radioactive iodine, which goes into the thyroid and can make cancer. Eating potassium iodate makes the thyroid full of nonradioactive iodine and prevents radioactive iodine from going in. It lasts longer than potassium iodide.


Sodium iodate

Sodium iodate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaIO. It has sodium and iodate ions in it.

Sodium iodate is a colorless solid. It is similar to sodium chlorate. It is a strong oxidizing agent. It reacts with sodium hypochlorite to make sodium periodate. It can catch things on fire.

It is made by dissolving iodic acid or iodine in sodium hydroxide solution. Iodine dissolving also makes sodium iodide.

It is used to make sodium periodate.


Tuff

Tuff (from Italian "tufo") is a type of rock produced by the eruption of volcanoes.

It consists of consolidated volcanic ash ejected from vents during a volcanic eruption. Rock with more than 50% tuff is called "tuffaceous". The chemical and mineral composition of tuff varies according to what was in the molten magma.

In a volcanic eruption, Magma is blown apart by volcanic gases and steam. The products are volcanic gases, lava, steam, and tephra (fragments). The solid material produced and thrown into the air is called "tephra", regardless of composition or fragment size. If the pieces of ejecta are small, the material is called volcanic ash, defined as such particles less than 2 mm in diameter, sand-sized or smaller. These particles are small, slaggy pieces of magma and rock that have been tossed into the air by outbursts of steam and other gases.

Among the loose beds of ash that cover the slopes of many volcanoes, three classes of materials are represented. 

In some great volcanic explosions nothing but materials of the second kind were emitted, as at Mount Bandai in Japan in 1888. There have also been many eruptions in which the quantity of broken sedimentary rocks that mingled with the ash is very great. 

These materials, in contrast to true ashes, tend to occur in "angular fragments". When they form a large part of the mass the rock is more properly a 'volcanic breccia' than a tuff. A breccia is a rock with sharp-edged fragments in it.

The ashes vary in size from large blocks twenty feet or more in diameter to the minutest impalpable dust. The large masses are called 'volcanic bombs'; they have mostly a rounded, elliptical or pear-shaped form owing to rotation in the air before they solidified. Many of them have ribbed or nodular surfaces, and sometimes they have a crust intersected by many cracks like the surface of a loaf of bread. Any ash in which they are very abundant is called an agglomerate.

A tuff of recent origin is generally loose, but the older tuffs have usually been cemented together by pressure and the action of infiltrating water. This makes rocks which, while not very hard, are strong enough to be used for building purposes (e.g. in the neighborhood of Rome). 

Many volcanoes stand near the sea, and the ashes cast out by them are mingled with the sediments that are gathering at the bottom of the waters. In this way ashy muds or sands or even in some cases ashy limestones are formed. As a matter of fact most of the tuffs found in the older rock formations contain mixtures of clay, sand, and sometimes fossil shells, which prove that they were beds spread out under water.

During some volcanic eruptions a layer of ashes several feet in thickness is deposited over a considerable district, but such beds thin out rapidly as the distance from the crater increases, and ash deposits covering many square miles are usually very thin. 

The showers of ashes often follow one another after longer or shorter intervals, and hence thick masses of tuff, whether of subaerial or of marine origin, have mostly a stratified character. In the fine beds it is often developed in great perfection.

Welded tuff is a pyroclastic flow of lava which was hot enough to weld together. During welding, the glass shards and pumice fragments adhere together (necking at point contacts), deform, and compact together. 

A hot lava flow welded by heat can be highly voluminous, such as the Lava Creek Tuff erupted from Yellowstone Caldera in Wyoming 640,000 years ago. Lava Creek Tuff was at least 1000 times as large as the deposits of the May 18, 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens. It had a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 8—greater than any eruption known in the last 10,000 years.

Basaltic tuffs are occur widely. They are found in Skye, Mull, Antrim and other places, where there are tertiary volcanic rocks; in Scotland, Derbyshire and Ireland among the carboniferous strata; and among the still older rocks of the Lake District, southern uplands of Scotland and Wales. 

Basaltic tuffs are black, dark green or red in colour. They vary greatly in coarseness. Often submarine, they may contain shale, sandstone, grit and other sedimentary material, and are occasionally fossiliferous. Recent basaltic tuffs are found in Iceland, the Faroe Islands, Jan Mayen, Sicily, Sandwich Islands, Samoa, etc. 

Copper(I) iodide

Copper(I) iodide, also known as cuprous iodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuI. It has copper and iodide ions in it. The copper is in its +1 oxidation state.

Copper(I) iodide is a white solid. It does not dissolve in water. It easily turns tan or brown. It is a reducing agent. The iodide easily oxidizes to iodine. Copper does not form a stable copper(II) iodide; copper(II) iodide breaks down right away to make copper(I) iodide and iodine. It dissolves in concentrated iodides like potassium iodide. When it is diluted, it makes copper(I) iodide again. 

It can be made by reacting iodine and copper in concentrated hydroiodic acid. Another way would be to react copper(II) sulfate and potassium iodide. This makes copper(II) iodide which as said before breaks down right away to make iodine and copper(I) iodide.

It is used to make organic compounds. It is also used to make clouds rain. It is used to make nylon resistant to heat. It can be used to put iodine to foods.


Copper(I) bromide

Copper(I) bromide, also known as cuprous bromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuBr. It has copper and bromide ions in it. The copper is in its +1 oxidation state.

Copper(I) bromide is a colorless solid. It turns green when in air. It does not dissolve in water. It is a reducing agent. 

Copper(I) bromide is made by reacting copper(II) bromide with any sulfite and any bromide salt. This reaction makes hydrogen bromide gas. 

It is used in organic chemistry. It is used to make organic compounds that have copper in them.


Copper(II) bromide

Copper(II) bromide, also known as cupric bromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CuBr. It has copper and bromide ions in it. The copper is in its +2 oxidation state.

Copper(II) bromide is a grayish-black solid. Most copper(II) compounds, except for the oxide, are bright blue or green. It can be reduced to copper(I) bromide.

It can be made by dissolving copper(II) oxide in hydrobromic acid. It can also be made by reacting copper and bromine.

Copper(II) bromide is used in lasers. It is also used to add bromide ions to other chemical compounds in organic chemistry. 


Fading Echoes (Warriors)

Fading Echoes is the second book in the fourth "Warriors" series, "Omen of the Stars". It includes multiple points of view: Dovepaw and Ivypaw, two sisters, and Jayfeather and Lionblaze, two brothers. All of these cats are in ThunderClan.

The story takes place in a forest around a fictional lake. The forest is populated by groups of feral cats, who live in groups that call themselves Clans. The four Clans are ThunderClan, ShadowClan, WindClan, and RiverClan. The cats usually train to become warriors, who hunt and fight for their Clans.

Dovepaw strengthens her ability to hear farther than any cat around the lake, while her bond with her sister, Ivypaw, dwindles. This is because Dovepaw cannot share the secret of her power with any cat except for Lionblaze and Jayfeather. 

Dovepaw tries to make friends with a ShadowClan warrior named Tigerheart, but she cannot, as the fact that they are from different Clans keeps them apart.

Later, Dovepaw saves most of ThunderClan by sensing that a tree is about to fall into their camp, and evacuating them in time.

Jayfeather discovers that some Clan cats are being trained by Dark Forest cats (the Dark Forest is where bad Clan cats' spirits go when they die). This means that the Clan cats will have to fight the Dark Forest cats and the Clan cats training there. 

Ivypaw begins to train in the Dark Forest. She has an argument with her sister, Dovepaw, and their bond starts to weaken. Later, she fakes a sign that says the cats should enter a battle, which results in two deaths.

Starlight (Warriors)

Starlight is the fourth book in the second series of "Warriors", called "Warriors: The New Prophecy". The book is told from three different points of view: Leafpool and Squirrelflight, two sisters, and Squirrelflight's love interest, Brambleclaw.

This book takes place in a forest around a fictional lake. The forest is populated by groups of feral cats, who live in groups that call themselves Clans. The four Clans are ThunderClan, ShadowClan, WindClan, and RiverClan. The cats usually train to become warriors, who hunt and fight for their Clans.

Leafpool has to care for ThunderClan with her teacher, Cinderpelt. She and Cinderpelt are medicine cats, meaning that they heal the cats of their Clan. She finds a place called the Moonpool, where the Clans can contact the spirits of their ancestors. She eventually falls in love with a WindClan warrior called Crowfeather (which is forbidden, as Leafpool and Crowfeather are from different Clans). Leafpool also discovers that Brambleclaw has started to train with Tigerstar and Hawkfrost, his evil father and brother, in dreams. She wonders if he is truly loyal to ThunderClan.

Squirrelflight discovers a place where ThunderClan can live. She begins to struggle with her emotions for two male cats, Brambleclaw and Ashfur. She likes Ashfur more for a while when she finds out that Brambleclaw has been training with evil cats. She wonders if Brambleclaw is loyal to ThunderClan. Eventually, though, she decides that she loves Brambleclaw, and chooses him over Ashfur.

Brambleclaw starts dreaming of a place called the Dark Forest, a place where the spirits of evil Clan cats go when they die. In those dreams, he trains with Tigerstar and Hawkfrost, his evil father and brother.

Mike Epps

Michael Elliot Epps (born November 18, 1970) is an American actor and comedian. His movies include "Next Friday", "Friday After Next", and "Open Season 2". Epps' trademark is a voice similar to Martin Lawrence in the original "Open Season". He replaced Lawrence as the voice of Boog in "Open Season 2". Lawrence and Epps also starred in the comedy "Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins". In "Open Season 3", he was replaced by Matthew J. Munn.

Proposition

A proposition is a term in philosophy and logic. It is a statement which has a truth value, meaning it can be proven to be true or false. For a proposition to be valid, it must be possible to prove the proposition is either true or false. Many teachers and students of logic use the term "statement" and "proposition" to mean the same thing. Propositions are also often represented by capital letters such as formula_1, formula_2 and formula_3. 

It is possible to express the same proposition in many way. Proposition are only concerned with actual meaning, not the way the proposition is expressed. Propositions can look different, yet still mean the same thing. When two different propositions mean the same thing, they are said to be synonymous, meaning each statement has the same meaning. 

For example, "Snow is white" (in English) and "Schnee ist weiß" (in German) are different sentences, because they are written in different languages. However, they mean exactly the same thing: snow is white. No matter what language the statement is written in, it will mean the same thing. As a result, these statements are synonymous. 

In Aristotelian logic, a proposition is a specific kind of sentence that confirms or denies an action or predicate took place through a subject. Aristotelian propositions take forms like "All men are mortal" and "Socrates is a man". In each sentence, the subject (men, Socrates) has a status (are mortal, is a man) which can be regarded as true or false.

In logical positivism, a proposition whose truth value cannot possibly be decided is meaningless (Quine, for instance, believes that propositions generally have no clear criterion of identity). For example, statements about the existence of deities cannot be proved under logical positivism. Because the statements have no truth value, a logical positivist would consider propositions about deities (such as "God exists" or "God does not exist") to have no logical meaning.


Karst

Karst is a geological system of rocks where water has eroded (dissolved) the bedrock. If it is very extensive, karst can be a geographical or topographical feature. It is classed as a badland if it difficult to travel through the environment, which it often is.

Almost always, karst is formed in carbonate rocks, such as limestone or dolomite. Since carbonate sedimentary rocks are very common, karst areas occur all over the world.

Many karst regions display distinctive surface features, with sinkholes being the most common. However, karst surface features may be absent where the soluble rock is "mantled" (covered), such as by a non-soluble rock strata on top of the carbonate strata. Some karst regions include thousands of caves, and the water is generally underground.

The world's largest karst area is the Nullarbor Plain, part of the area of flat, almost treeless, dry country of southern Australia. It is on the Great Australian Bight coast with the Great Victoria Desert to its north. It is the world's largest single exposure of limestone bedrock, and occupies an area of about . At its widest point, it stretches about from east to west across the border region between South Australia and Western Australia.

Many parts of the world suffer from sinkholes which form when karsts are underground. Beneath the flat surface of the land in Florida, Guatemala City and elsewhere are vast systems of limestone. Water running through the limestone is dissolving the limestone away, leaving huge caverns. Without warning, huge holes appear in the surface, causing great damage. Practically the whole of Florida is sitting on a gigantic karst system, as are several countries in Central America. The area round Tampa is especially at risk, and there is a huge karst system under Mexico City. According to a senior geochemist, there are as many as 15,000 sinkholes in Illinois.

The world's deepest sinkhole is China's Xiaozhai Tienkeng at 2172ft (662m). 

The Qattara Depression in Egypt is part of the Libyan Desert. It is roughly 50 miles (80km) by 75 miles (121km) in surface area. It is the world's largest natural sinkhole. It lies below sea level and is covered with salt pans, sand dunes and salt marshes.

In the United States, about 40% of the groundwater used for drinking comes from karst aquifers. Well-known examples are Carlsbad Caverns and Mammoth Cave. Karst aquifers are a vital resource in the US. About 20 percent of the land surface in the US is karst. Other parts of the world with large areas of karst include the Caribbean, China, and Australia.

The karst hydrogeology is a network of fissures, fractures, and runways in permeable rock. Most of inflow occurs through a network of openings. Groundwater is held in storage in the rocks. Karst is common also in Mexico, especially near where the meteorite hit in the Yucatan. There are also large areas of karst in the Caribbean, China, and Australia.


PubMed Central

PubMed Central is a free database of scientific literature in biomedical and life sciences. It is on the Internet. It grew from the online Entrez PubMed biomedical literature search system. PubMed Central was developed by the U.S. National Library of Medicine (NLM) as an online archive of biomedical journal articles. It was started in 2000. As of 2021, it had over 7 million science papers in it.

All the words in the PubMed Central articles can be read freely. Some publishers, though, do not show their articles for some time after they publish them on paper (usually about six months).

PubMed Central was started in 2000. At first, it only had papers from "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" and "Molecular Biology of the Cell". People can add older papers to PubMed Central. The oldest papers in PubMed Central are from the 1700s.

As of September 2004, PubMedCentral, PubMed, and related NLM services had about 1,300 hits every second, and gave 1.3 terabytes of data every day. The Library of Congress and the British Library showed support for the National Library of Medicine (NLM). It has also been popular with journal service providers.

PubMed Central is different from PubMed. The regular PubMed has papers' titles and abstracts, and PubMed central has the whole paper. Scientists call this "full text."

The PubMed Central Identifier (PMCID) is an ID tag for papers written by scientists and doctors. It is like an ISBN is for books. It shows the reader where to find the paper in the PubMed Central database.


Medical University of Innsbruck

The Medical University of Innsbruck (German: "Medizinische Universität Innsbruck") is a university in Innsbruck, Austria. It used to be one of the four historical faculties of the Leopold-Franzens-Universität Innsbruck, but it became an independent (by itself) university in 2004.

The medical tradition dates back long before the university began. The first hospital began in the silver-mining city of Schwaz nearby in 1307. Because people grew as years went by, a medical faculty was added to the university, begun in 1669 by Emperor Leopold I, making it the first of its kind in the Alpine region.



Dolomite

Dolomite is the name of a sedimentary carbonate rock and a mineral, both composed of calcium magnesium carbonate CaMg(CO) 

As a mineral, it is found in crystals. Dolomite rock (or 'dolostone') is mostly made of the mineral dolomite. 

Limestone that is partially replaced by dolomite is referred to as "dolomitic limestone". In the old U.S. geologic literature it is called "magnesian limestone". Dolomite was first described in 1791 for exposures in the Dolomite Alps of northern Italy.

Gravel

Gravel is small, loose, rock particles. It is any loose rock that is larger than 2 mm (0.079 in) in its smallest dimension (about 1/12 of an inch) and no more than 64 mm (2.5 in).

Small gravel is composed of granules (>2 to 4 mm/0.079 to 0.16 in). Large gravel is called pebbles (>4 to 64 mm/0.16 to 2.5 in). 

Particles smaller than gravel are sand, larger particles are cobbles.

Gravel and sand are used for road surfaces, and for cement and Tarmac. Mixtures of gravel and sand mixed with various crushed material, are known as "aggregate" in the trade. This is used for drainage in the basement of roads, and other purposes. Mixture of stones and resin is also used to pave footpaths, driveways, etc. This mixture is known as Resin Bonded Gravel.

Natural gravel comes from ancient beaches which have not consolidated (turned into solid rock). In effect, beaches from (for instance) the Jurassic are dug up in quarries. The material is then sifted into size categories. The gravel and sand is then sold on to engineering companies. Most natural sand and gravel is silica, SiO, in its chemistry. This is very hard-wearing.

However, if the material is originally in hard rock form, then it is first crushed. This enables the industry to offer other materials such as granite or limestone, originally solid rock, as gravel.

The open-cast mining and processing of gravel, sand and aggregate is a huge world-wide industry, sometimes called "conglomerates".

Cornet

A cornet is a brass instrument that is similar to the trumpet. It is part of the higher-brass family, together with trumpets and French horns. 

Spice trade

People have been using spices for thousands of years. Often they wanted ones that didn't grow near them, so they got them from far away. One of the biggest spice routes was a route between Asia and Europe. 

Only a few spices grew in Europe, so the others had to be brought from Asia. People made a route to go from Europe to Asia to buy spices. The route was very difficult and so the spices were expensive. People tried to find ways cheaper than the spice route, including going the other way around the world. This made the Age of Discovery, when they found places that they didn't know about, such as the Western Hemisphere.

Countries traded spices for gold and other things. They did this so they could get new spices or gain money and gold by selling their own. Sometimes people traded the spices because their country is running out of that certain spice. 

Nuclear winter

Nuclear winter is a theory stating the possible effects of the use of nuclear weapons during a nuclear war; which could include reduced sunlight, extreme cold, and the presence of large amounts of smoke and soot in the Earth's atmosphere.

Meson

Mesons are incredibly small subatomic particles that are made of one quark and one antiquark. Antiquarks are the antimatter counterpart of a regular quark. Since antimatter quarks have the opposite spin of regular quarks, their spins can cancel each other out, which forms a particle similar to a Higgs Boson. The name meson comes from Greek "mesos", meaning middle. This is because the masses of the first mesons discovered were between the mass of light particles like electrons, called leptons, and heavy particles like protons, called baryons.

Mesons are hadrons, which simply means that they are made of quarks. Since quarks have different fractional charges, mesons can have a charge. However, the charges of the quarks may cancel out, forming an uncharged meson. The rest of the hadron family are known as baryons, which are made of three quarks. Since quarks all have a spin of 1/2, three of them will never add up to an integer spin. An integer spin is simply 0, 1, or 2. Particles with an integer spin are called bosons, which obey Bose-Einstein Statistics. This means that more than one boson can actually be in the same point in space at the same time. However, a meson is made of one quark and one antiquark, which each do not have an integer spin. Particles which do not have an integer spin have a spin of 1/2 or 3/2. These particles with 1/2 spin are called Fermions because they obey Fermi-Dirac Statistics. This means that no more than one fermion can be in the same point in space at the same time. All known baryons and quarks (and antiquarks) are fermions, and all mesons are bosons. This can get very confusing because this means that more than one meson can exist in the same point in space at the same time, but the quarks that make up mesons cannot exist in the same point in space at the same time.

The most common natural way that we find mesons are through the interactions of cosmic rays with matter. This process can be duplicated in particle accelerators, which smash high-energy quarks and antiquarks. However, the mesons are very unstable and quickly turn into other particles. Charged Mesons can decay into electrons and neutrinos, and uncharged mesons can decay into photons. Since antimatter is destroying matter, a large amount of energy is given off. The energy follows the equation E=mc.

Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex

Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex (Henry Charles Albert David; born 15 September 1984) is a member of the British royal family. He is the younger son of Charles III, and Diana, Princess of Wales and is the younger brother of William, Prince of Wales, and is fifth in the line of succession to the British throne. Harry was a pupil at Eton College.

Harry launched the Invictus Games in 2014, and remains patron of its Foundation. He also gives patronage to several other organisations, including the HALO Trust, the London Marathon Charitable Trust, and Walking with the Wounded.

Harry was born in the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, London, on 15 September 1984 as the second child of Charles, Prince of Wales, and Diana, Princess of Wales.

Like his father and brother, Harry was educated at independent schools. He started at Jane Mynors' nursery school and the pre-preparatory Wetherby School, both in London.

He was a helicopter pilot in the military, during the War in Afghanistan. During the same year that his book was published, he said to media that he killed enemies in Afghanistan.

Prince Harry began dating Meghan Markle in June 2016. They became engaged in November 2017. The couple married at Windsor Castle on 19 May 2018. The couple's first child, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, was born on May 6, 2019. In November 2020, Markle revealed in an opinion piece for "The New York Times" that she suffered a miscarriage in July of that year. On 4 June 2021, the couple's daughter Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor was born in Santa Barbara, California.

Titles 

15 September 1984-19 May 2018 His Royal Highness Prince Henry of Wales

19 May 2018 His Royal Highness The Duke of Sussex

In Scotland: His Royal Highness The Earl of Dumbarton 

In Northern Ireland: Baron of Kilkeel 

He has a brother. As of 2022, Harry has said that he is not satisfied with the relationship with his brother.

In 2023, he attended the coronation of his father (Charles III); At that ceremony, Prince Harry was put on row 3. (Row 3 included the king's brother, Prince Andrew.)


Meccan sura

The Meccan suras are the suras that Muslims believe were shown to Muhammad before he left Mecca. They are usually shorter than the Medinan suras and are usually placed after them in the Qur'an.

Chris Hansen

Christopher Edward "Chris" Hansen (born September 13, 1959) is an American television personality most famously known for his role on "Dateline NBC". He was on a part of the show called "To Catch a Predator", where he tries to catch people who are trying to meet minors aged 13–15 on the Internet for sexual activity. Hansen has done other investigative reporting, and has won seven Emmy Awards for his reporting.
He went to Brother Rice High School in Bloomfield Hills Michigan. Hansen became a reporter for Lansing NBC affiliate WILX in 1981 during his senior year at Michigan State University. He then reported for WFLA in Tampa, various radio stations and newspapers in Michigan, WXYZ in Detroit, and WDIV as an investigative reporter and anchor from 1988. In May 1993, Hansen joined NBC News as a correspondent for the newsmagazine "Now with Tom Brokaw and Katie Couric".

Hansen's notable work for "Dateline" includes coverage of the Columbine massacre, the Oklahoma City terrorist attack, the Unabomber and the TWA Flight 800 disaster; as well as investigative reports on Indian child slave labor and on counterfeit prescription drug sales in China. Hansen was responsible for most of "Dateline's" coverage of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, as well as stories on terrorist groups and the operations of Al-Qaeda. He exposed how a group linked to Osama Bin Laden had tried to buy missiles and nuclear weapons components, and he also worked on an exclusive report detailing an attempted 1994 terrorist attack in France. His series on the lack of security at airports resulted in the Federal Aviation Administration opening an investigation and ultimately revising its policies.

Hansen has received seven Emmy Awards, four Edward Murrow awards, three Clarion awards, the Overseas Press club award, an IRE, the National Press Club award, International Consortium of Investigative Journalists Award; as well as awards for excellence from the Associated Press and United Press International.
Hansen was born in Chicago, Illinois but grew up in northern Detroit suburbs of West Bloomfield and Birmingham. In an interview with the "Lansing City Pulse", Hansen said that watching the FBI and police investigate the disappearance of Jimmy Hoffa when he was fourteen inspired him to want to become a journalist. He graduated from Michigan State University College of Communication Arts and Sciences in 1981 with a bachelor's degree in telecommunications. 

He is married to Mary Joan Hansen; the couple has two sons. The family resides in Connecticut.

Metriacanthosauridae

Metriacanthosaurids were a family of carnivorous theropod dinosaurs. They tended to be large predators, and some were 30 ft (10 m) long. 

Metriacanthosaurids are carnosaurs. At first they were classified in the Megalosauridae or Allosauridae, now they are put in their own family. A gigantic tooth, which may come from a giant metriacanthosaurid, was described recently (2008).

The Metriacanthosauridae is a monophyletic group. Cladistically it includes "Metriacanthosaurus parkeri" and species closer related to "Metriacanthosaurus" than to "Allosaurus fragilis", "Carcharodontosaurus saharicus", or to birds. These theropods are close to the ancestors of the allosaurs.

Metriacanthosauridae is often referred to as "Sinraptoridae", but Metriacanthosauridae is the correct name under ICZN rules, since "Metriacanthosaurus" was the first member of the family to be described and named. 

The cladogram here follows a study by Benson and colleagues.


Bella Akhmadulina

Bella Akhatovna Akhmadulina (10 April 1937 — 29 November, 2010) was a Russian poet. Her poems used metaphors, and were described by Nobel Prize winner Joseph Brodsky as a "treasure of Russian poetry. 

Her first poems were published in 1955. The government of the Soviet Union said her poems were too personal and emotional. She died in Pereldelkino, near Moscow, from a heart problem.


Mario Monicelli

Mario Monicelli (May 15, 1915 in Rome, Italy — 29 November 2010, Rome, Italy) was an Italian movie director famous for his comedy movies of the 1940—1960s. He was twice nominated for an Oscar award. One of his movies, "The Great War" (1959), won a Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival. In 1991 the Venice Film Festival gave him a lifetime achievement award.

Suffering from terminal prostate cancer, Monicelli jumped to his death from a fifth floor hospital window in Rome. He was 95 years old.


Wedding dress

A wedding dress or wedding gown is the clothing worn by a bride during a wedding ceremony. The color, style and ceremonial importance of the gown can depend on the religion and culture of the bride.

The origin of wedding dress is from the Roman Empire period. When the Christian religion spread to Europe, wedding ceremony was held the church and a bride wore a wedding dress. In the Middle Ages, all most wedding dresses were black with white veil because of religion. It changed white dress and veil in the 1840s. This style of dress spread to Asia when Europen culture came there.

Slender line is a dress which is tight along a person's body. The Mermaid line is similar to slender line. It looks like a mermaid. A line looks like an "A" from the waist to foot. Like these, today there are so many kinds of wedding dress.

The veil is the most popular decoration. It is used for covering the face or head of women. There are special long white gloves. People use various length glove suiting their dress. A woman usually carries a small bunch of flowers, called a bouquet.

Medinan sura

The Medinan suras are the suras that Muslims believe were shown to Muhammad after his journey (the hijra) from Mecca to Medina. They are usually longer than Meccan suras and are usually placed before them in the Qur'an.

Renault

Renault S.A. is a French vehicle manufacturer producing cars, vans, buses, tractors, and trucks, and, in the past, autorail vehicles. Its alliance with Nissan makes it the world's ninth largest vehicle maker. Headquartered in Boulogne-Billancourt, Renault owns the Romanian Automobile Dacia and the Korean Renault Samsung Motors. The company's most successful cars to date are the Renault Clio and the Renault Laguna, and its core market is Europe. The company is known for numerous revolutionary designs, security technologies and motor racing. 1899


Maurice Wilkes

Professor Sir Maurice Vincent Wilkes (26 June 1913, Dudley, Worcestershire – 29 November 2010) was a British computer scientist, called the "father of British computing".

He invented the first usable stored program computer called EDSAC (Electronic Delay Storage Automatic Calculator) at Cambridge University in 1949. 

He also developed the idea of using software to program a computer, instead of a fixed electronic circuit. He was knighted for his achievements in 2000.

Wilkes was the first President of the British Computing Society.


O Brother, Where Art Thou? (movie)

O Brother, Where Art Thou? is a 2000 American crime comedy movie directed by Joel and Ethan Coen and starring George Clooney. The movie is set in Mississippi in 1937 during the Great Depression. The movie's story is a comedy based on Homer’s "Odyssey".

Belemnite

Belemnites (or belemnoids) are an extinct group of marine cephalopod, similar in many ways to the modern squid, and closely related to the modern cuttlefish.

Like them, the belemnites had an ink sac, but, unlike the squid, they had ten arms of roughly equal length, and no tentacles.

The belemnites are a monophyletic group of superorder status, called the Belemnoidea. There are four orders.

The belemnites evolved from nautiloids, which are the basal group of cephalopods. Well-formed belemnite guards can be found in rocks dating from the Mississippian (or Lower Carboniferous).

Belemnites were numerous during the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, and their fossils are abundant in Mesozoic marine rocks, often with their cousins the ammonites. The belemnites and ammonites become extinct at the end of the Cretaceous period.

Like some modern squid, belemnite arms carried a series of small hooks for grabbing prey. Belemnites were efficient carnivores that caught small fish and other marine animals with their arms and ate them with their beak-like jaws.

In turn, belemnites appear to have formed part of the diet of marine reptiles such as Ichthyosaurs, whose fossilized stomachs frequently contain hooks from the arms of cephalopods.

Belemnites swam in near-shore to mid-shelf oceans.

Fossils which preserve the soft parts of belemnites show that, like many modern cephalopods, they had an ink sac, hard beaks, tail fins and large eyes. Well-preserved specimens show evidence of muscular fibers in the mantle, indicating that they were powerful swimmers like modern squids.

In 1826 Mary Anning discovered what appeared to be a chamber containing dried ink inside a belemnite fossil. She showed it to her friend Elizabeth Philpot who was able to revive the ink with water, and use it to illustrate some of her own ichthyosaur fossils. Other local artists were soon doing the same when more fossilised ink chambers were discovered. Anning noted how closely the chambers resembled the ink sacs of modern squid and cuttle fish, which she had dissected to better understand the anatomy of fossil cephalopods. This led William Buckland to publish that Jurassic belemnites had used ink for defence just as many modern cephalopods do.

Nikolai Tsukanov

Nikolai Nikolaevich Tsukanov (Russian: Николай Николаевич Цуканов) (born March 22, 1965 is a Russian politician. He is from the village Lipovo, Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia). In September 2010, he became governor of the Kaliningrad oblast. He became Secretary of the Kaliningrad regional council of the party "United Russia" in 2010. He was also the mayor of the municipality "Gusev City District" in 2005-2010.

Sea bass

Sea bass is the name for different kinds of fish: 
In addition, many fish are called bass

São Paulo Metro

The São Paulo Metro () is a metro system serving the city of São Paulo. Is controlled and monitored by Companhia do Metropolitano de São Paulo, in addition to carrying around every day 3,4 million passengers. It was founded on April 24, 1968 and opened on September 14, 1974. It has five lines, 74 kilometers and 64 stations. It is currently booming. It is the largest and the first rapid transit system in Brazil


Horace Andy

Horace Andy (born Horace Keith Hinds, February 19, 1951, Kingston, Jamaica) is a roots reggae songwriter and singer, known for his distinctive vocals and hit songs such as "Government Land", "Angel", "Five Man Army" and a cover version of "Ain't No Sunshine". In recent years he has mostly worked as a guest singer for trip hop band Massive Attack.

Frank Fenner

Frank Fenner (21 December 1914 Ballarat — 22 November 2010) was an Australian scientist. He was famous for his work on smallpox and the myxoma virus,
which had been deadly for rabbits in Australia.

Fenner was born in Ballarat, Victoria in 1914. He studied for a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery at the University of Adelaide and graduated in 1938. In 1940 he completed a diploma in tropical medicine and 1942 he completed his Doctor of Medicine degree. During World War II he joined the Australian Army as a doctor and studied the parasite that caused malaria.

After the war he worked at Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne where he studied smallpox. In 1949 he became the first professor of microbiology at the new Australian National University (ANU) in Canberra. His interest on research was the myxoma virus. This virus was used to kill millions of rabbits that were destroying large areas of Australian grasslands and farms.

In 1967 Fenner became the Director of the John Curtin School of Medical Research at ANU and also Chairman of the Global Commission for the Certification of Smallpox Eradication. In 1973 he became director of the Centre for Resource and Environmental Studies at ANU.


The John Curtin School of Medical Research awards the Frank Fenner Medal for the best Phd research in medicine at ANU. 

George Bush Intercontinental Airport

George Bush Intercontinental Airport is an international airport in Houston, Texas. It opened in June 1969.

The airport has five runways. At least 700 planes takeoff from the airport daily. These planes carried 40,007,345 passengers during the year of 2009. Planes fly from this airport to around 170 cities in the world.

These are the airlines that operates at Houston Bush Airport as of November 2018:



Cheonggyecheon

Cheonggyecheon is a stream bisecting down town Seoul, South Korea. This stream has a length of 5.84 km(its trail-12.04 km long) and its greatest width is 84m. This stream is famous for restoration. It was a sewer of Seoul in the Joseon Dynasty. For half a century, industrial era after the Korean War, it had been entombed by pavement and had been a highway. After the restoration, Cheonggycheon has become an ecological park. The restoration of Cheonggyecheon took three years spending almost $400 million. Since its opening in 2005, hundreds of thousands of people have visited Cheonggyecheon with friends and family. Many interesting events have been often held at Cheonggyecheon as well.

It was originally called 'Gaecheon(Hangul:개천, Hanja:開川 ).' The Cheonggyecheon used to be a naturally formed stream before the Joseon Dynasty designated Seoul as its capital. This stream caused a flood and inundated private houses in full spate. In ordinary times, it was unsanitary because of standing sewage therein. Therefore, King Taejong, the third king of the Joseon Dynasty, firstly beginned river training work by starting construction work for an open channel. After that, King Yeongjo, the 21st king of the Joseon Dynasty, conducted the overhaul of the stream in earnest by dredging the stream, building stone banks and changing a waterway. Due to this construction, the curved waterway of the stream became straight one at last. During the reign of King Sunjo and King Kojong, the overhaul of the stream was continued. There were 24 bridges over the stream(now 22 bridges).

During the Japanese colonial period, it came to get called "Cheonggye" as it is called today, supposedly from 1914, when the colonialists rearranged stream names in Korea. In this perion, the large-scale dredging of this stream was planned in terms of a modern urban planning by Japan but it wasn't carried out because of lack of funds. Therefore, the urban improvement project was neglected.

As a result, by Korea’s independence from Japan in 1945, the Cheonggyecheon was severely contaminated with wastes from flimsy shacks built alongside of the stream. It had a fetid smell as well. In terms of Seoul's appearance and sanitation, the then Cheonggyecheon was a serious problem. The easiest way of solving this promblem was covering over the stream with concrete. In 1958, finally, the work to cover it up with concrete started as quickly as possible by August 1958. In addition, a 5.6 km-long, 16 m-wide elevated highway was completed over the stream in August 1971 after four working years.

About 40 years after covering over the stream with concrete, Seoul city had resuscitated the stream since July 2003. After $386 milion recovery project, Cheonggyecheon was born again as a haven for wildlife as well as pedestrians in September 2005


Virtual XI

Virtual XI is an album by Iron Maiden. It is their eleventh studio album.

The album was released on 23 March 1998. It was not liked by reviewers. One person who reviewed it said that it sounded "lifeless" and "tired."


Fushūgaku

Fushūgaku () is a term used in Japan which means "not attending school". This term is used mainly with Brazilian Japanese children.

There are various reasons as to why children do not attend school in Japan. One reason is that they cannot understand Japanese. Another reason is that their parents cannot afford school fees for them to go to school.


Australian National University

The Australian National University (ANU) in Canberra, Australia, is the only university set up by the Federal Government of Australia. The law to start the university was passed in 1946. It was set up to be a research university for subjects of national importance. These included physics, medicine, social sciences and Pacific studies. The university started undergraduate courses in 1960.

ANU has had five Nobel Prize winners:


Renault 5

The Renault 5 was a car produced by Renault from 1972 to 1996. It was sold in two generations with the second arriving in 1985. It was replaced by the Renault Clio in 1990 but it remained on sale until 1996 as the budget Campus model.

It is available as hatchback with three or five doors, and with 4-cylinder petrol and diesel engines from 35 to 94 hp, and as the "Renault 5 Turbo" with 110 or 160 hp.

Blue Lias

The Blue Lias is a formation of rocks mostly in south west England and parts of south Wales. It is part of the Jurassic Coast World Heritage Site.

It is part of the Lias Group. The Blue Lias consists of a sequence of limestone and shale layers. It was laid down in late Triassic and early Jurassic times, between 195 and 200 million years ago. The Blue Lias is famous for its fossils, especially ammonites. Also found were remains of a number of dinosaurs, and the pterosaur "Dimorphodon".

The Blue Lias alternates between limestone, (with some clay), and mudstone. These alternations are caused by short-term climatic variations, thought to be caused by Milankovitch cycles. The blue/grey colour is given by iron pyrite.

A bit higher, these limestone-mudstone alternations change into a clay member. The deposition of a clay-rich mudstone member shows it was laid down in a deeper marine environment.


Leonid Kizim

Leonid Denisovich Kizim (5 August 1941 – 14 June 2010) was a Soviet cosmonaut. In 1986 he was the commander of the only space mission to visit two space stations on one flight. These were the new Mir station and the old Salyut 7 station. At the end of the flight he became the first person to have spent a whole year in space. All together he spent 374 days 17 hours 56 minutes in space.

He became second in charge of the Russian Ministry of Defense's satellite control center. In 1995 he was put in charge of the Military Engineering Academy of Aeronautics and Astronautics in St. Petersburg.

Menai Bridge

Menai Bridge is a small town on the south coast of Anglesey. It is notable for the bridge that crosses over the Menai Strait to the mainland. The bridge was the first suspension bridge to be made to carry a main road. It was built between 1821 and 1825 by Thomas Telford.

Bangor, Gwynedd

Bangor is a small cathedral city and community in Gwynedd, a county in North Wales. It is Wales' oldest city and one of the United Kingdom's smallest cities.

It is historically part of Caernarfonshire. 

It is a university city. At the 2011 census, there was 16,358 people living there.

The Welsh language is spoken by 46% of people in the city.

The city is located near the Menai Strait, which is a strait that separates the Isle of Anglesey from mainland Wales.

In World War II, parts of the BBC were evacuated to Bangor during the Blitz.

Caernarfon

Caernarfon, officially the Caernarfon Royal Town (pronounced "Kyer-narvon"), is a royal town and community in Gwynedd, an area of Wales. It has a population of 9,852 people, according to the 2011 census.

It is 8.6 miles (13.8 km) south-west of the city of Bangor and 19.4 miles (31.2 km) north of Porthmadog. It is on the Menai Strait, opposite Anglesey. The A487 goes through the town.

It is a royal town. Queen Elizabeth II made Caernarfon a royal borough in 1963. Since 1974, the town has not been a borough but was allowed to keep its royal title. 

The town is home to Caernarfon Castle, a castle that was built between 1283 and 1330 by order of King Edward I.

Since 2016, Caernarfon has hosted the Caernarfon Food Festival. It takes place every year.

Caernarfon has one of the highest percentages of Welsh language speakers in the whole of Wales.

Caernarfon has one twin town. It is twinned with:

Film processing

Photographic film is able to record images. In order to make these images visible, the film needs to undergo a number of chemical processes. The result of these processes will either be negatives or slides. This is generally known as "developing". Different films need different processes. The process for black and white film is different from that for slide film. In general, the process involves the following steps:
There are different kinds of films. The most common of these is film negative. With negative film, all colors are reversed. This is corrected in an additional step of making a "print" of each image. 

So called reversal film, which is used for diapositives, directly produces "positive" images (which are "framed" to become a slide). 

This whole process is known as film processing.

Mineral water

Mineral water is water obtained from rocks. It is often collected from springs or from underground rivers when they emerge from the rocks. Mineral waters are very clean and have no germs in it. Because they have been held in rocks for a long time they often contain chemicals that have come from the rocks. This chemicals can give the water an interesting taste. Some mineral waters may be good for health. Because some underground water comes to the surface from very deep layers in the earth, it can also have carbon dioxide gas dissolved in it. This can make the water fizzy.

Mark Twain Prize for American Humor

The Mark Twain Prize for American Humor is a prize for comedians. The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts awards this prize every year. They first gave this prize in 1998. It is named after Mark Twain. Mark Twain was an American author. The Mark Twain Prize is America’s foremost award for humor. 



New Mexico State University

New Mexico State University is a four-year public university in the United States. It has five campuses, but its main campus is in Las Cruces, New Mexico. In 2010, it had about 18,000 undergraduate students.

The school started in 1888. It was first called the Las Cruces College. Soon after, it changed its name to New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts. In 1960, its name was changed to New Mexico State University.

New Mexico State University's sports teams, called the Aggies, mainly play in Conference USA.


Henryk Gorecki

Henryk Mikolaj Gorecki (6 December 1933—12 November 2010) was a Polish composer. His most famous work was his "Symphony No. 3", the "Symphony of Sorrowful Songs", written in 1992. More than one million recordings have been sold which makes it the most popular recording by a contemporary composer, getting to number 6 on the British album charts.

In 2010 Gorecki was given The Order of the White Eagle, Poland's highest honour.

Beaumaris

Beaumaris (, Literal translation: "beautiful marsh") is a small town on the island of Anglesey of the Menai Strait.

The town itself began in 1295 when Edward I of England started to build Beaumaris Castle. This was one of several castle along the North Wales coast - others include Conwy, Caernarfon and Harlech . Many of the builders of the castle were from France.

The castle was built on a marsh by the village of Llanfaes. The French builders called the marsh "beaux marais" which means "beautiful marsh". This is how the town got its name. The people who lived village in Llanfaes were removed to a new village in the west of Anglesey to make way for the castle. This village was called Newborough and it still exists today.

Notable buildings in the town include the castle, a courthouse built in 1614, St Mary's parish church, and the town gaol.

Beaumaris has a pier which was opened in 1846. The pier was enlarged to 570 feet after storm damage in 1872. Beaumaris Pier is still a busy base for yachts and other boats.


Lotte Giants

Lotte Giants is a South Korean professional baseball team. It was started in 1982. The company Lotte supports the team. Lotte Giants are based in Busan, South Korea. They are one of the first teams in the Korea Baseball Organization league. They play in the Sajik Baseball Stadium and the Ulsan Munsu Baseball Stadium. Lotte Giants won the Korean Series in 1984 and 1992. In 2008, 2009 and 2010, Lotte Giants had about 4 million people watch them play. This is the most people to watch a team in the league. The symbol of the team is a gull. It represents the harbors of Busan.


Halomonadaceae

The Halomonadaceae are a family of halophilic proteobacteria. The family was originally created in 1988 to contain the genera "Halomonas" and "Deleya". Many of its members were only recently discovered, and research is discovering new facts about them.

GFAJ-1 is a strain of rod-shaped extremophile bacteria in the Halomonadaceae. It was claimed that, when it did not have phosphorus, it took the usually poisonous element arsenic as a substitute. 

Geomicrobiologist Felisa Wolfe-Simon collected lake-bottom sediments in the shallow waters of Mono Lake in California. Wolfe-Simon cultured the organisms from this hypersaline (very salty) and highly alkaline environment. They grew in an arsenic-containing medium.

Unfortunately, the conclusions taken from this research have been disproved. A group of researchers analyzed the DNA of GFAJ-1, and could not detect any arsenic. The phosphorus in its DNA cannot be, and is not, replaced with arsenic.

Life is mostly composed of the elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, sulfur, and phosphorus. Although these six elements make up nucleic acids, proteins, and lipids and thus the bulk of living matter, it is possible in theory that some other elements in the periodic table might serve the same functions.

It is believed that all life needs phosphorus as a basic piece of the ‘backbone’ that holds DNA together. Likewise ATP (adenosine triphosphate), a key molecule in the cells' energy cycle.

Sky UK

Sky UK Limited is a satellite television company owned by Comcast. It used to be called British Sky Broadcasting Limited, BSkyB and Sky. It offers television and broadband Internet services in the United Kingdom. 

The present service can trace its heritage back to 1990, when BSkyB's predecessors British Satellite Broadcasting encrypted their respective film channels – Sky Movies and The Movie Channel which required viewers to get decoding equipment and a subscription to watch the channels. After the two companies merged, subscribers could get access to both channels, and two years later, the sports channel Sky Sports also became encrypted.


Sewage treatment

Sewage treatment is the process of dealing with sewage so that it does not cause harm to people or to rivers. Sewage flows in sewer pipes from houses and factories. When it arrives at a sewage treatment plant it passes through many stages. Larger treatment plants often have more stages than smaller ones. A house that doesn't have access to a city's sewage treatment will have its own septic system.

Large objects and rags are removed using screens. The sewage then flows through a tank so sand and grit can fall out. This protects the machines in later stages. 
Fats and solids are removed in the first treatment stage. Sewage enters a tank where solids fall to the bottom and fat floats to the top. Fats and solids stay in the tank and the water continues to the next stage. This is called primary treatment.

Modern sewage treatment started in London in about 1850. The first treatment plants for sewage were designed by Sir Joseph Bazalgette.

Bacteria and amoebae in the gut and bowels are totally anaerobic. Oxygen kills them. A key aspect of the treatment is not just to remove solids, but to "run the sewage through oxygenated water". It is this which is the most important part of treatment after solids are removed. The use of chemicals is only done exceptionally. Dumping sewage into the sea is disgusting, but has been done at times when the treatment plants are not adequate.

Small treatment plants may use a small pond, called a lagoon, to hold the sewage while oxygen destroys the bacteria. Larger treatment plants use machines to help process the sewage. Some treatment works have rocks or pieces of plastic for the bacteria to grow on. Water is pumped over the rocks or plastic.

Solids from the first and second treatment tanks can be used to make methane gas and fertilizer for farmers' fields or may be dried and sent to a landfill.

Vladimir Arnold

Vladimir Arnold (12 June 1937 — 3 June 2010) was a Russian mathematician of Jewish descent, said to be one of the greatest mathematicians of the 20th century. He worked in many areas of mathematics including dynamical systems, differential equations, hydrodynamics, magnetohydrodynamics, classical and celestial mechanics, geometry, topology, algebraic geometry, symplectic geometry, and singularity theory.

Arnold was born in Odessa, Ukraine. He worked at the Steklov Mathematical Institute in Moscow and later at the Moscow State University. Arnold died in Paris after going there to seek medical treatment.

He would have be given the Fields Medal in Mathematics in 1974, but this was opposed by the Soviet government. His other awards include:

Sewage

Sewage or domestic wastewater is the liquid waste produced by people when using the toilet, having a bath or shower or washing clothes and dishes. In some places, it also includes rain-water falling on houses and roads. It can also have liquid waste from factories in it. It flows in pipes called sewers to be cleaned up at a sewage treatment works.

Sewage is mostly water but it also has many microbes some of which can be harmful. It can have many chemicals in it which can also cause harm to animals and humans. Most sewage in poor counties is not treated and may spread disease. A problem that occurs sometimes is a sewage spill which can be damaging to health and wildlife. 

The temperature of sewage tends to be slightly higher than in drinking water but it is more stable than the ambient temperature. The color of fresh sewage is slightly grey, whereas older sewage (also called "septic sewage") is dark grey or black. The odor of fresh sewage is "oily" and unpleasant. Older sewage has an unpleasant foul odor due to hydrogen sulfide gas and other decomposition by-products. Sewage can have high turbidity from suspended solids. 

Snowdonia

Snowdonia () is a region in north Wales. It is also a national park of in area. It was the first national park in Wales, set up in 1951. It is the largest national park in Wales and includes the highest mountain in Wales, and the largest natural lake in Wales. Before 1951, the word "Snowdonia" was used for the much smaller area around Snowdon itself. The which includes the national park is twice as large.

The English name for the area comes from Snowdon, which is the highest mountain in Wales, at above sea level. In Welsh it is named "Eryri." This could be the Welsh word for eagle, which is" eryr", or it may mean "highlands". In the Middle Ages, Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, who was the Prince of Wales, was called "Prince of Wales and Lord of Snowdonia". In Welsh, it translates to "Tywysog Cymru ac Arglwydd Eryri". Gruffudd's grandfather, Llywelyn Fawr, was called "Prince of north Wales and Lord of Snowdonia."

Before it was a national park, the name "Snowdonia" was used to describe "Snowdon," a small area north of Gwynedd. Today, the national park covers an area that is two times larger than the area originally called Snowdonia. The park covers areas as far south as Meirionnydd. The original Snowdonia includes Snowdon, and three other mountain ranges: the Glyderau, the Carneddau and the Moel Siabod group. The hills that are south of Maentwrog are not part of the original Snowdonia.

Snowdonia National Park () was started in 1951. It was the third national park in Britain. It makes up , and has of coastline in its border. The park is ran by the Snowdonia National Park Authority. The park has lands that are owned by private people and also by the public. 

Snowdonia has many historic sites, including Stone Age burial chambers, Iron age hill forts, Roman forts, churches, and medieval castles. There are also industrial sites including large slate quarries, copper mines, and woolen mills. More than 26,000 people live in Snowdonia. The area attracts over six million visitors every year. Most of the land is either open or mountainous land, but there is also some farm-land. Snowdonia National Park does not include the town of Blaenau Ffestiniog, which is like an island in the centre of the park.

Snowdonia may be divided into four areas:

People can hike the area, primarily in Snowdon. People can hike the Snowdon Mountain Railway all the way to the top of the mountain. People also hike other mountains in the area such as Tryfan and lower areas that aren't very mountainous. There are of footpaths that go through the park. bridleways are also in the area for people to ride horses. The park also has many areas that are within Right to Roam laws.

The coastline in the park is a Special Area of Conservation. The area starts at Llŷn Peninsula and goes down the coast. There are sand dunes located in the special area. The park has trees. They are a mix of different types of deciduous trees. The tree seen the most in the park is the Welsh Oak. Birch, ash, mountain-ash and hazel trees are also found in the park. There are coniferous forests that have been planted by people. These forests include Gwydir Forest. These forests used to be harvested for wood. Now they grow without people cutting down the trees. 

The park is the only place in Britain where Snowdon lily and the Snowdon beetle can be found. It is the only place in the world where the Snowdonia hawkweed is found. An invasive species is growing in the park, too, called the "Rhododendron ponticum". It kills native species that live in the park and also makes fungus grow that is poisonous. The fungus stays alive up to seven years after the rhododendron is killed.

Almost 20% of the land in Snowdonia is protected under laws. These laws protect the plants and animals that live in Snowdonia. Half of the 20% of protected land is part of the national park. Otters, polecats, and wild goats live in Snowdonia. So do pine marten's but they are very hard to find and are rare. Other birds that are rare and hard to find are ravens, peregrine, osprey, merlin, and red kites. The Snowdown beetle, which is rainbow colored, also lives in Snowdon.

Snowdonia is one of the wettest parts of the United Kingdom. The area Crib Goch, which is in Snowdonia, is the wettest place in the UK. It rains, on average, a year.


Gwynedd

Gwynedd is a large area in North West Wales. It has a long coast-lime with many cliffs and beaches. It also has many mountains including Snowdon, the highest mountain in England and Wales. Large towns include Bangor and Caernarfon.

The county was divided into five districts: Aberconwy, Arfon, Dwyfor, Meirionnydd and Anglesey.

Superstar K

Superstar K () is a South Korean television talent show series which is held every year. The concept is the same as the "Pop Idol" franchise. It involves finding the next "superstar". The winner each week is worked out through scores given by judges and votes from viewers. First held in 2009, "Superstar K" has become more and more popular. 

As the slogan of this program is “Sing the miracle”, plenty of people who volunteered “Season 2” to become a singer were about 1,430,000. Furthermore, the audition was held by Seoul, Busan, Daejeon, Daegu, Incheon, Jeju, Gwangju, Chuncheon, and even LA. 

This audition has lots of stages. First, participants should take the first local preliminary round, and after passing it, they face the second, and then the third. After the third round, all participants from all areas gather to Seoul, and semi round, called “Super Week”, is began. From this stage, all stages become survival formats, and keen. After the round, 11 people are chosen as last members, and they stay at the same house, take the vocal training, and compete each other every week. Finally, the one who survive from the competition win the audition. In this audition, famous judges appear. The judges are Korean popular singers, Seungchul Lee, Jongsin Yoon, and Junghwa Um. These singers judge each participant. As this is TV show, viewers can join the judgment. When last 11 people compete each other, viewers can vote who they want, and it accounts for 60%. The singers’ judgment forms 30%, and the rest is up to internet survey. 

The winner of each season gets huge rewards. In Season 2, the winner, named Gak Heo, got ₩200 million, a car worth about ₩25 million. In addition, a famous music producer made his album and a music video. He also performed at the Mnet Asian Music Awards. The album of Ingook Seo, the winner of the Season 1, ranked at the top of the charts for several weeks.

Ceredigion

Ceredigion (Welsh: Sir Ceredigion) is a principal area of Wales, corresponding to the historic county of Cardiganshire.

It has been administered as a county since 1282.

Welsh is spoken by more than half of the area's population. 

It is considered to be a centre of Welsh culture. 

The county is mainly rural with over 50 miles (80 km) of coastline and mountainous terrain.

Jeju United FC

The Jeju United FC, founded in 1982, is a professional football team in the K League 1. It uses the Jeju World Cup Stadium as its home stadium. Although it is based in Seogwipo at this moment, it has been through several base changes. Its original name was Yukong Elephants FC, which was founded in 1982 and based in Seoul, Incheon, and Gyeonggi-do province. This YooGong football club changed its home stadium to Seoul in 1990. In 1996, as a part of localization policy, it again changed its home stadium to Bucheon, and changed its name as Bucheon SK. However, the overall facilities in Bucheon were not enough, so it finally changed its home stadium to the Jeju World Cup Stadium in Jeju Island, thus getting the name 'Jeju United FC.'

Jeju United is famous for educating coaches and for supporting the development of football techniques. For example, Valeri Nepomniachi, the Russian coach hired in 1994, delivered many developed strategies and techniques to the K League. This created a vogue 'Nepomniachi Style' among other teams. Its mascot is Kamguri, which represents the symbol of Jeju, the Mandarin. Its home stadium, 'Jeju World Cup Stadium,' can accommodate 35,545 people.

Jeju United FC has been doing well in the K League. It came in 3rd in the 1983 Superleague. Beginning from this, it has usually maintained good rankings in K-league including the championship in 1989. In 2010, it maintained first place throughout the season, but was surpassed by FC Seoul at the last match, ending in second place. 

The emblem of Jeju United FC is a shield-shaped one with the combination of black, red, and blue. This will enable people to feel the power of the football team. To be more specific, the emblem represents Hallasan and the horn of a deer which symbolize Jeju Island. This expresses the defense power of the team. At the same time, the sword in the middle which was made from the 'J' in Jeju Island involves the team's spirit that it will adopt the attacking-strategy as its main one. In addition to this, it uses the motif of SK group's Happy Wings so that the Jeju residents would become united through the soccer.

Jeju World Cup Stadium was built in harmony with Jeju's culture, nature, and life. First, the entrance was made after the traditional entrance, Olle. Also, Jeongnang, a traditional door, stands next to the entrance. The overall shape of the stadium resembles the so-called 'Oreum'. Oreum is a parasitic volcano, and its top has a concave shape. To attain this concave shape, the stadium made the field 14m under the ground, which minimized the effect of the wind. Besides, the roof of the stadium symbolizes Teu, the traditional boat for fishing. As a home stadium of Jeju United FC, it can accommodate more than 35.000 people.

Fred Page

Frederick Page (September 29, 1915 - December 23, 1997) was a Canadian executive for several ice hockey leagues and organizations. Page was born in Port Arthur, Ontario.

As president of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association (CAHA), he helped bring amateur hockey teams to Europe for tours. Later, he helped facilitate negotiations between the CAHA and the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF). This would lead to Page being an executive vice president of the IIHF from 1969 to 1972. Next, he helped start the Pacific Coast Junior Hockey League, which later merged with the British Columbia Junior Hockey League in 1997. Page was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1993.

Bismuthine

Bismuthine, also known as bismuthane, bismuth hydride, and hydrogen bismuthide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiH. It has bismuth and hydride ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuthine is very unstable. It is only found below -60°C. Above that temperature it breaks down into bismuth and hydrogen. 

It is made by a complex process that involves organic chemistry.

It is part of a test for bismuth. This is similar to the Marsh test for arsenic.


John Schella

John Edward Schella (May 9, 1947 – August 3, 2018) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Schella made his NHL debut in 1970 with the Vancouver Canucks, spending parts of two seasons with the team before moving to the Houston Aeros, where he spent six seasons. Schella played one final year in the minor leagues before retiring in 1979.

Bud Poile

Norman Robert "Bud" Poile (February 10, 1924 – January 4, 2005) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player, coach, general manager, and league executive.


 Midseason replacement

² Replaced midseaseon


List of Bobby's World episodes

This is a list of episodes from the Fox animated television series "Bobby's World". The series premiered on September 8, 1990 and ended on February 23, 1998. A total of 80 half-hour episodes were produced, and reruns on NBC Kids

River Teifi

The River Teifi is a river in west Wales. It starts in the hills above the town of Tregaron and then flows into a large marsh called Tregaron bog. This bog helps to stop flow in the river being too extreme. It stores up flood water when it is raining hard and it lets water go during dry weather.

The water in the River Teifi is very good quality. The river supports lots of wild-life including Salmon and Trout. The wildlife is so special that the whole river has been given special protetion by scientists to stop it being damaged.

The river passes through small towns such as Lampeter and Newcastle Emlyn before it reaches the sea at Cardigan. For the last few miles before it reaches Cardigan, the river runs through a deep gorge called Cigerran Gorge. Some people still fish for Salmon here using a very ancient boat called a Coracle.

River Ystwyth

The River Ystwyth (; ) is a river in west Wales. It starts in the hills between Rhayader and Ysbyty Ystwyth and flow into the sea at Aberystwyth. Although the river looks very clean, it has high levels of some metals such as lead, zinc and silver. These metals poison a lot of the wildlife so that only a few things live in some of the river. These metals get into the river from old lead mines. Nobody uses the mines any more but the waste material left behind still has lots of metal in it and this dissolves in rain and gets into the river.


David Warren

David Warren (3 March 1925, Groote Eylandt, Australia— 19 July 2010, Brighton, Victoria, Australia) was an Australian scientist. He became famous for inventing the black box flight recorder which could give information about the causes of aircraft crashes.

Ryūe Nishizawa

In 1995, he started a partnership with Kazuyo Sejima in Tokyo. It was called SANAA.

In 1997, he started the independent Office of Ryūe Nishizawa.




Incubator (egg)

An incubator is a machine used mostly for hatching eggs without the help of a hen or mother.

Thomas Dörflein

Thomas Dörflein (13 October 1963 – 22 September 2008) was a German zookeeper at the Berlin Zoo for 26 years. He became a celebrity after he took care of the polar bear cub Knut, who had been abandoned by his mother shortly after his birth in 2006. In 2007, Dörflein was awarded the Medal of Merit by the city of Berlin for helping to raise Knut.

Bismuth(V) fluoride

Bismuth(V) fluoride, also known as bismuth pentafluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiF. It has five bismuth-fluorine bonds in it. The bismuth is in its +5 oxidation state.

Bismuth(V) fluoride is a white crystalline solid. It is an extremely strong oxidizing agent and fluorinating agent, something that adds fluoride ions to other chemicals. It reacts with water to make ozone and oxygen difluoride. It also reacts with iodine and sulfur at room temperature. Above 50°C, it reacts with hydrocarbons like paraffin to make fluorocarbons. At 180°C, it reacts with chlorine to make chlorine monofluoride and with bromine to make bromine trifluoride.

It is made by reacting bismuth(III) fluoride with fluorine at a high temperature. It is also made by reacting bismuth(III) fluoride with chlorine trifluoride. 

It is used as a fluorinating agent.


Chlorine monofluoride

Chlorine monofluoride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ClF. It has chlorine and fluoride ions in it. The chlorine is in its +1 oxidation state.

Chlorine monofluoride is a colorless gas. It can be cooled to a pale yellow liquid at low temperatures. Many of its properties are between the properties of chlorine and fluorine. It reacts with tungsten to make tungsten hexafluoride and with selenium to make selenium tetrafluoride. It reacts with carbon monoxide to add chloride and fluoride to it.


Neumünster Zoo

The Neumünster Zoo (German: Tierpark Neumünster) is a zoo in the north part of Germany. It was well known for suing the Berlin Zoo for the profits from Knut's publicity.

Terunobu Fujimori

He graduated from the architecture department at the faculty of engineering of Tōhoku University in 1971. Then he went for graduate study at Tokyo University. In 1979, he finished his dissertation "Historical Research on City Planning in the Meiji Era" and got his PhD.

In 1986 he won the Suntory Arts Prize for his book "Adventures of an Architectural Detective-Tokyo Edition" (建築探偵の冒険・東京篇 in Japanese). That year, he also one of the first members of the "Roadside Observation" art group (路上観察学会 in Japanese) with the artist Genpei Akasegawa and the illustrator and manga artist Shinpo Minami.

In 2001, he finished a dormitory for the Kumamoto Prefectural University of Agriculture. That dormitory won an architecture prize. Fujimori was a commissioner for the 10th Venice Biennale in 2006. He also directed a TV series for Fuji TV.

In 2010, Fujimori retired from the University of Tokyo and joined Kogakuin University.

Fujimori has written many books about architecture. Some describe his projects. Others are books of architectural history. He has published more than 25 books of his own. He has edited or written more than a dozen books with other writers.

Fujimori often works with Shoushi Uchida or Nobumichi Oshima. Some of his projects are listed below.

Kansas State University

Kansas State University (often called K-State) is a public university in Manhattan, Kansas, in the United States, although there is also a branch in Salina, Kansas and Olathe, Kansas. It was started in 1863. In fall 2010, 23,588 students were enrolled there.

Knut (polar bear)

Knut (5 December 2006– 19 March 2011) was a polar bear who was born in captivity at the Berlin Zoo. Because his mother rejected him when he was born, he was raised by zookeepers. People began to protest for him after a German newspaper called "Bild-Zeitung" quoted an animal rights activist saying the young cub had to die. Both children and adults supported him, and e-mails and letters asking the zoo to let the cub live were sent from around the world. Because of his fame, Knut became a tourist attraction and commercial success.

Knut became very popular and the center of mass media attention called "Knutmania". Many toys, DVDs, and books were made about him. This brought in lots of money, about five million euros, to Berlin Zoo in 2007. More people went to the zoo, and that year was the most profitable year in the zoo's 163-year history.

Polar bear Knut died on 19 March 2011, because of the brain disease encephalitis.

Knut was born at Berlin Zoo. His mother was Tosca, a 20-year-old polar bear. She was a circus performer from East Germany, born in Canada, and her 13-year-old mate, Lars, was from a park in Munich. Tosca gave birth to Knut and his unnamed brother on 5 December 2006. However, she left her cubs on a rock in the polar bear enclosure and did not take care of them. The zookeepers rescued the cubs with a fishing net, but Knut's brother died from sickness four days later. Knut was only the size of a guinea pig, and had to spend the first 44 days of his life in an incubator before zookeeper Thomas Dörflein began raising the cub.

Dörflein had to sleep on a mattress next to the cub at night because Knut needed care. Dörflein also had to play with, bathe, and feed the cub every day. Knut's food began with a bottle of baby milk mixed with cod liver oil every two hours. At four months old, he could eat milk porridge mixed with cat food and vitamins. Dörflein also appeared with Knut on the twice-daily one-hour shows at the zoo. Because of this, he appeared in lots of videos and photographs with the cub, and became well known in Germany. He also won Berlin's Medal of Merit in honor of his hard work and care for Knut. Dörflein died of a heart attack on 22 September 2008.

In early March 2007, the German newspaper "Bild-Zeitung" quoted the animal rights activist Frank Albrecht, who said that Knut should be killed instead of humiliated by being raised in a zoo. He declared that the zoo was breaking the rules of animal protection by keeping him alive. Wolfram Graf-Rudolf, the director of the Aachen Zoo, agreed with Albrecht. He stated that the zookeepers "should have had the courage to let the bear die". A group of children protested at the zoo, holding up signs that read "Knut Must Live" and "We Love Knut". Others sent emails and letters asking for the cub's life to be spared. Threatening letters were also sent to Albrecht. Berlin Zoo agreed to support the baby polar bear, and promised not to harm him.

Albrecht later claimed that he had quoted this because he wanted to change the law, not to have the bear killed. The publicity from this coverage raised Knut's profile from national to international.

On 23 March 2007, Knut appeared in public for the first time. About 400 journalists visited Berlin Zoo on what was called "Knut Day" to make reports all over the world. Because Knut became famous when he was very young, many wrong stories about the cub's health were spread around during his first year. For example, on 16 April 2007, Knut took a break from his display because of teething pains, but reports said that he might have an unknown sickness. There were also many death threats, like the one sent on Wednesday 18 April 2007. The zoo received an anonymous letter by fax which said "Knut ist tot! Donnerstag Mittag." ("Knut is dead! Thursday noon.") The police increased the bear's security.

In November 2007, Knut weighed over 90 kg (198 lb) and became too dangerous to be cared for closely. Hundreds of children attended the cub's first birthday celebration. This party was also shown live on German television. The national mint also made 25,000 special silver coins for his birthday. When Flocke, a female polar bear, was born at the Nuremberg Zoo in December 2007, "Bild" named her Mrs. Knut, suggesting that the two German-born polar bears might become mates.

A year after his public debut, Knut was reported as weighing more than 130 kg (286 lb). Very strong six-inch glass was put up between him and the zoo visitors. At the end of March 2008, Markus Röbke, one of the zookeepers who helped raise Knut, said the bear should leave the zoo to help him get used to living alone. Röbke also said that Knut misses Thomas Dörflein, who was like a father to him, and that he cries when no one is near him. "Knut needs an audience," Röbke said. "That has to change".

In July 2008, it was announced that the Neumünster Zoo in northern Germany, which owns Knut's father, sued Berlin Zoo for the money that came from Knut's success. Neumünster had tried to be friendly with Berlin Zoo at first, but now was trying to use the court to make them give part of the money that came from Knut. Peter Drüwa, the zoo director at Neumünster, said that they "do not want to remove Knut from his environment, but we have a right to our request for money." Shortly before Knut's second birthday, there were reports being spread that the bear would have to move to another zoo because he was getting too large for his enclosure. However, the zoo said that they still wanted to keep Knut.

Giovanna, a female polar bear about the same age as Knut, went to Berlin from Munich's Hellabrunn Animal Garden in September 2009. She shared Knut's enclosure for a short time while her regular home had repairs. Her arrival interested people from all over the world, because many sources thought the two bears (although they were sexually immature) would soon be "dating". However, in March 2010, the German chapter of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) called for Giovanna to stay somewhere else. Knut and Giovanna share a grandfather, and PETA spokesperson Frank Albrecht thought the same person who had claimed that Knut should be killed would threaten the German polar bear population if they might breed. The Berlin Zoo did not respond, but noted that Giovanna's stay in Berlin was only for a short time. In August 2010, Giovanna was moved back to Munich after repairs to her enclosure were finished.

Knut died on 19 March 2011 because of a brain disease. He had encephalitis (irritation and swelling of the brain). The swelling was probably caused by a virus, and caused an epileptic fit. After his death, the body of the bear was studied more at the Berlin Museum of Natural History.

Berlin Zoo made Knut a trademark in late March 2007. As a result, its shares became even higher. Knut earned Berlin Zoo nearly €5 million that year.

Many companies made cuddly toys modeled from Knut. Steiff, a toy company, made Knut-based stuffed animals in three sizes and models: sitting, standing, and lying down. They all sold out at the Berlin Zoo in only four days. The money was used to improve the bear's home. Candy company Haribo sold a raspberry-flavored gummy bear sweet called Cuddly Knut beginning in April 2007. They promised to give ten cents to the zoo for every package of Knut sweets it sold. The gummy bears sold very quickly as well.

Knut has been the subject of several popular songs in Germany, such as the singles "Knut is Cute" and ""Knut, der kleine Eisbär"" () by nine-year-old Kitty. In Britain, musical comedian Mitch Benn has performed three songs about Knut for BBC Radio 4 satirical series "The Now Show": "The Baby Bear Must DIE!", "Knut Isn't Cute Anymore", and "Goodbye Knut"—"Goodbye Knut" was about Knut moving to the Neumünster Zoo. Knut has also been in several DVDs, including one titled "Knut—Stories from a Polar Bear's Nursery". He appeared on the 29 March 2007 cover of the German "Vanity Fair" magazine, which was about the bear's life.

On 1 May 2007 it was announced that New York-based Turtle Pond Publications and Berlin Zoo had signed a deal for the worldwide publishing rights to Knut with the hopes of raising global warming issues. Written by Craig Hatkoff and his daughters, the 44-page book entitled "Knut, der kleine Eisbärenjunge" ("Little Polar Bear Knut") is about Knut's life story as well as photographs. Although books about Knut had already been published in Germany, this book was the first to be authorized by the Berlin Zoo.

The book was published in Germany by Ravensburger on 26 July 2007. After that, the US publishing company Scholastic made an English version, "Knut: How one little polar bear captivated the world".

On 31 December 2007, the zoo's director said that the zoo had received a proposal for a movie deal from Hollywood movie producer Ash R. Shah, to make an animated movie about the bear's life. Shah reportedly suggested a €3.5 million movie deal to the zoo. The German movie "Knut und seine Freunde" ("Knut and His Friends"), was shown in Berlin on 2 March 2008. Directed by Michael Johnson, the movie was about how Knut was rescued after his mother did not take care of him.

Dr. Gerald Uhlich, of Berlin zoo, stated that Knut "draw[s] attention to the environment in a nice way." As a result, the German Environment Minister Sigmar Gabriel adopted Knut as the mascot for a conference about endangered species. Gabriel met with Knut soon after his zoo debut, and said that although Knut was safe, "worldwide polar bears are in danger and if Knut can help the cause, then that is a good thing."

Photographer Annie Leibovitz took pictures of Knut that were used for an environmental campaign. The polar bear has also been on the logo for the German Environment Minister's campaign to help stop global warming and a 2008 stamp. The stamp shows the roughly one-year-old Knut with the slogan "Natur weltweit bewahren" ("Preserve nature worldwide").


Cultural identity

Cultural identity is the identity of a group, culture, or something similar, or a person's association to a group or culture. Basically, the cultural identity makes a group/culture what it is. Each culture has its own things that make it different from others. 

Cottage pie

Cottage pie or Shepherd's pie is a type of savory pie. It is made with minced meat, with mashed or sliced potato on top. It comes from the United Kingdom but was also popular in Ireland. The dish is now popular worldwide.

Cottage pie is made using the same or very similar ingredients to shepherds pie. Nationally Cottage pie is made with Beef mince and Shepherds pie is made with Lamb mince.

The name "cottage pie" was first used at the end of the 18th century. It was around that time that the poorer people of Britain, people who lived in cottages in the country, started using potatoes as an everyday food. Originally, a pie made with any kind of meat and a potato topping was called a "cottage pie". 

In modern English, the dish is usually called "cottage pie" if it is made with beef with a sliced potato topping, representing the tiles of a roof. (The claim that cottage pie has sliced potato to represent tiles on a roof is highly contentious- references please)Though mass produced pies often have a mashed potato topping instead. If it is made with mutton or lamb it is usually called "shepherd's pie" (because a shepherd looks after sheep) and has a topping of mashed potato, patterned to represent sheep's fleece. The modern day cottage pie may now contain vegetables, lentils or beans in place of meat, and may have cheese sprinkled on top of the potato, although the addition of cheese with the beef Cottage pie is a recent addition, and is not found with mutton/lamb Shepherd's pie.

A similar dish to cottage pie is hotpot. However, Hotpot is slow cooked in a lidded crock pot or casserole dish.

Cottage pie (and Shepherd's pie) are cooked in a pie tray or baking dish without a lid, so the potato topping can start browning.

According to the "Oxford Companion to Food", once upon a time, Scotland made its shepherd’s pies with pastry instead of mashed potatoes.



Light beam

A light beam or beam of light is a small projection of light energy coming from a source into a beam. Sunlight is a natural example of a light beam when it crosses through various objects (clouds, foliage, windows, etc.). To produce fake light, a lamp and a parabolic reflector is used in many lighting devices such as spotlights, car headlights. Light from certain types of lasers has the smallest possible beam width, so it produces the most parallel light beams possible.

SOS (song)

"SOS" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It is a dance-pop and R&B song that samples the 1981 song "Tainted Love" by Soft Cell. It was released on February 14, 2006 off of the album "A Girl like Me" and went to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, her first song to do so. The song was originally written for Christina Milian.

Bismuth(III) bromide

Bismuth(III) bromide, also known as bismuth tribromide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiBr. It has bismuth and bromide ions. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state. 

Bismuth(III) bromide is a white to pale yellow solid. It reacts with water to make bismuth oxybromide, BiOBr, which is a solid. It can only dissolve in acidic solutions. 

It is made by reacting bismuth(III) oxide with hydrobromic acid. It can also be made by reacting powdered bismuth with bromine.


Bismuth(III) fluoride

Bismuth(III) fluoride, also known as bismuth trifluoride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiF. It has bismuth and fluoride ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuth(III) fluoride is a gray-white powder. It does not dissolve in water. It is made by reacting bismuth(III) oxide with hydrofluoric acid or by reacting a large amount of bismuth with fluorine.


Freshwater Biological Association

The Freshwater Biological Association, often shortened to the FBA, is a British charity started in 1929. It aims are to promote freshwater biology. It publishes identification keys to freshwater plants and animals throughout the world, and also maintains a library of freshwater science. 

Membership is open to anyone who is interested in freshwater science. The Association's main offices are in Far Sawrey, on the banks of Windermere in Cumbria.


Freshwater biology

Freshwater biology is the study of plants and animals that live in fresh water. This includes rivers, lakes, ponds, marshes and other bodies of water. It is part of the branch of science called Limnology.

Much freshwater biology takes place in man-made places such as sewage treatment works and water treatment works. In these places water is purified using plants and animals. Keeping them working as hard as possible helps to make the water as cleaner.

In recent times freshwater biologists have been looking at how plants and animals change in the autumn and spring. This is helping us to understand more about the effects of climate change.

Tincture of iodine

Tincture of iodine is a disinfectant. It has iodine and potassium iodide dissolved in ethanol and water. Normally, iodine does not dissolve in water. But when "potassium iodide"
is added, the iodine can dissolve. Also, ethanol helps iodine dissolve. Tincture of iodine has about equal amounts of iodide and iodine. It is not suitable for consumption. There are two types of tincture of iodine:

USP Tincture of Iodine: for every 100 mL, it has 1.8 to 2.2 grams of iodine, 2.1 to 2.6 grams of sodium iodide, and 50mL ethanol. The rest is water.

USP Strong Iodine Tincture: for every 100 mL, it has 6.8 to 7.5 grams of iodine, 4.7 to 5.5 grams of potassium iodide, and 50 mL ethanol. The rest is water.

It can be used as a skin disinfectant and as a water disinfectant. It is used to disinfect minor cuts, burn and scratches. Because it has iodine in it, it is toxic in large amounts. Lugol's iodine is an alcohol-free version. It is commonly used in experiments in middle school science labs. It is an alcoholic solution of iodine.

Stavropoleos Monastery

Stavropoleos Monastery or the Stavropoleos Church ( or ""), is an Eastern Orthodox monastery for nuns in central Bucharest, Romania that was built in the year 1724. The monastery was named after the Romanian version of a Greek word, "Stauropolis", which means "The city of the Cross". 

Cayenne

Cayenne is a commune, the capital (prefecture) of the French Guiana, an overseas region and department of France that is in northern South America. The city is on a former island at the mouth of the Cayenne river on the Atlantic coast.

The first European settlement in the region was founded on the Cayenne island in 1604 by French people sent by Henry IV but the settlement was destroyed by Portuguese to enforce the Treaty of Tordesillas

French colonists came back in 1643 and founded Cayenne, but they were forced to leave once more following Amerindian attacks. In 1664, France finally succeeded at establishing a permanent settlement at Cayenne. Over the next decade the colony changed hands between the French, Dutch, and English, before being restored to France. It was captured by an Anglo-Portuguese force at the invasion of Cayenne in 1809 and administered from Brazil until 1814, when it was returned to French control. It was used as a French penal colony from 1854 to 1938.

Cayenne is a city along the Atlantic coast on the sides of a common estuary of the Cayenne and Montsinéry rivers. It has an area of ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" is at from Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni and from Kourou. The distances to other cities out of French Guiana are:

The city is surrounded by:

Cayenne has an equatorial climate (Köppen climate classification: Af) bordering on a tropical monsoon climate (Köppen climate classification: Am) with a dry season and a heavy monsoon the rest of year and no cold season.

The average temperature for the year in Cayenne is . The warmest month, on average, is September with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Cayenne is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is September with an average of . There is an average of 201.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in May with 27.0 days and the least precipitation occurring in September with 5.0 days.

The inhabitants of Cayenne are known, in French, as "Cayennais" (women: "Cayennaises").

The city of Cayenne has a population, in 2014, of 55,817; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Cayenne

Cayenne is twinned with:




Toll road

A toll road (also called a turnpike, toll highway, or express toll route) is a road for which vehicles must pay a fee to use, called a "toll". Toll roads are there in part to control the number of people using it. They may be built to allow some users to travel faster and avoid traffic congestion, speeding up traffic. In the past, tolls were collected to give income to governments or landowners. Today, tolls can be considered a form of tax which pays for the cost of road construction and maintenance that are not charged on those who do not use that road.

There are many types of toll roads. Tolls might be charged to use a bridge, tunnel, or highway. On some roads, the amount of money you pay depends on how far along the road you go, and/or whether you are driving a car, motorcycle, bus, or truck. On other roads, you pay the same amount no matter how far you go or what you drive.

There are also many ways tolls can be collected. In the first toll roads, you had to stop at a booth along the road and pay the toll to a person, called a "collector". Depending on the road, you might have to do so when you get on, when you get off, or both. Because many vehicles may be waiting to pay the toll, the area around "toll plazas", which are a bunch of booths blocking the whole road, can be crowded. Recently, there are roads that have "electronic toll collection", which makes use of computer chips and RFID technology to identify drivers and charge their tolls on their bank accounts.

Tolls might be collected by vehicles traveling on one or more lanes of a road which is otherwise free to use. These lanes are often called "high occupancy toll lanes" because in most cases, vehicles with more than one person do not have to pay to use the lane. These lanes are there to encourage carpooling. If there are fewer cars on the road, more people can get to where they want to go without getting stuck in traffic.

All roads have to be paid for somehow, and so are never truly "free". Road construction costs may be paid for by the taxes on gasoline, diesel, or other fuel. Users of toll roads still pay these taxes "and" the tolls for using this particular road or lane.

Tolls are mentioned in Greek mythology where Charon the ferryman charged a toll to carry the dead across the rivers Acheron and Styx to Hades. If the soul paid a toll, Charon ferried it across the river. If not, it wandered between death and life for eternity.

Toll roads are at least 2700 years old, as tolls had to be paid by travellers using the Susa–Babylon highway under the regime of Ashurbanipal, in the 7th century BC.
Aristotle and Pliny refer to tolls in Arabia and other parts of Asia. In India, before the 4th century BC, the Arthasastra notes the use of tolls. Germanic tribes charged tolls to travellers across mountain passes.

Investor's bonds may be sold to those who are paying for the road to be built, and it is expected that they will be paid back over time by charging tolls. Once the bonds are paid off, the road is usually given back to the government agency that owns the land it was built on and had allowed the road to be built.

The need to build better roads than the existing ones was a reason for turnpikes. Turnpike trusts started in England and Wales from about 1706. They were set up by individual Acts of Parliament, with powers to collect road tolls. At the peak, in the 1830s, over 1,000 trusts had about of turnpike road in England and Wales. They had almost 8,000 toll-gates. The trusts were responsible for keeping and improving most main roads in England and Wales. This helped distribute agriculture and industrial goods and kept prices low. The Turnpike trusts were gradually abolished starting in the 1870s. Most trusts improved existing roads, but some new ones, usually only short stretches of road, were also built. Thomas Telford's Holyhead road (now the A5 road) is exceptional: it was a long new road, built in the early 19th century with many toll booths along its length.

Annie Besant

Annie Besant (1 October 1847, London – 20 September 1933, India) was a British woman who became one of the leaders of the Indian freedom struggle. In 1885, Annie Besant joined the Fabian Society and later became a member of 'Marxist Social Democratic Federation'. She joined the Theosophical Society, a religious movement founded in 1875, based on ideas of karma and reincarnation. As a leader of the Society, Besant helped to spread Theosophical beliefs around the world. She established the 'Olkot Panjama School' in 1894. She was the founder of Central Hindu College. Later this college developed as the Hindu University of Benarus. Annie Besant started the India Home Rule movement in 1916 and became its president. In 1917 she became a leading member of the Indian National Congress.

Halophile

Halophiles are organisms that need salt in their environment to live. Halophiles live in evaporation ponds or salt lakes such as Great Salt Lake, Owens Lake, or Dead Sea. The name "halophile" comes from Greek for "salt-loving". 

Most halophiles are archaeans, but some bacteria and eukaryotes are also halophiles, such as the alga "Dunaliella salina". 

Most halophilic and salt-eating animals use energy to remove salt from their cytoplasm. Normally, organisms living around a lot of salt would lose water and die because of osmosis. Water inside the organism would move from inside the cell to its outside environment. This is because there is always movement of water to reach a state where the concentrations of salt are the same on both sides of the cell membrane.

To survive, the cytoplasm of halophiles must be isotonic with its environment. 

To get to this state, halophiles use two different methods. In the first (mainly used by bacteria, some archaea, yeasts, algae and fungi), organic compounds are stored in the cytoplasm. These compounds help the organism survive the stress of osmosis. The most commonly used solutes for this process are neutral and include amino acids and sugars. Advantages to this method are that organisms can live in a wider range of salt concentrations. Also, if proteins are not exposed to high salt levels, they do not have to adapt to high salt levels. It requires the organism to use much more energy then the adaption below. 

The second, less common adaptation, is the selective intake of potassium (K) ions into the cytoplasm. In exchange, the organism pumps sodium (Na) ions out with the help of the sodium-potassium pump. Ions of sodium may be used instead of potassium, but potassium is the most common. This adaptation is only used by one order of bacteria and one family of Archaea. An advantage to this method is that it uses much less energy than the adaption above. The main disadvantage to this adaption is that all of the machinery inside the cell (enzymes, structural proteins, etc.) must be adapted to high levels of non-organic ions, and high salt levels. This is much more demanding than the adaptation described above.

Most halophilic organisms only use one of the two methods, but a few halophiles can use both.

Halophiles are categorized by the levels of salt at which they grow best. Halophiles can either be categorized as slight halophiles, moderate halophiles, or extreme halophiles. Slight halophiles grow best in concentrations of salt around 2% to 5%. An example of a slight halophile is "Erythrobacter flavus". Slight halophiles live in mud on the ocean floor, in seawater, and in garden soil.

Moderate halophiles grow best in concentrations of salt around 5% to 20%. Examples of moderate halophiles are organisms in the genera "Desulfovibrio", "Desulfocella", "Desulfohalobium", and "Desulfotomaculum". Moderate halophiles live in marine salterns, saline lakes, in matter at the bottom of the sea, and in oil brine fields.

Extreme halophiles grow best in concentrations of salt from 20% to 30%. Examples of extreme halophiles are "Salinibacter ruber" and organisms in the Halobacteria class. Extreme halophiles live in the Dead Sea in the Middle East and in man-made solar salterns (lakes used for making sea salt).

Halophiles play an important part in ecosystems. For example, halophiles often support entire populations of wild birds. 

Halophiles are useful for cleaning up polluted environments. Waste water with salt concentrations more than 2% is ideal for halophiles to remove organic pollutants from. For instance, halophiles have been shown to remove phenol (a poisonous chemical) from their environments. This could lead to future use in cleaning up oil spills.

Halophiles play an important part in the fermentation of some foods. For instance, halophiles ferment soy and fish sauces. Halophiles also ferment salted fish.

Halophilic microorganisms are useful in biotechnology. The compounds that certain halophiles make are valuable. Some of these compounds are not found anywhere else in the living world. The salt-tolerant enzymes that halophiles produce can be used in a variety of ways. For example, these enzymes could be used for rough industrial processes, like food processing.

Some moderate halophiles produce sugars outside the cell. These sugars can be used as thickeners and emulsifiers in the petroleum and medicine industries.



Owens Lake

Owens Lake is a mostly dry lake in the eastern Sierra Nevada of Inyo County, California, located about south of Lone Pine, California. Unlike most dry lakes in the Basin and Range Province that have been dry for thousands of years, Owens held water until 1924. Today, some of the flow of the river has been restored, and the lake now has some water.

Dunaliella salina

Dunaliella salina is a type of halophile pink micro-algae found in sea salt fields. "Dunaliella salina" is used in cosmetics and dietary supplements. Few organisms can survive in such highly saline conditions as salt evaporation ponds. To survive, these organisms have high concentrations of beta-carotene to protect against light, and high concentrations of glycerol to provide protection against osmotic pressure. This offers an opportunity for commercial biological production of these substances.

Scarification

Scarification or cicatrization is a form of body modification, where a design or pattern is cut, etched or scratched into human skin to make a permanent scar. Like with most body modification, there are many reasons why people choose to be scarified. The act of scarifying has been compared to tattooing due to the fact that it permanently changes the skin. It has also been identified with self harm because people have used it to cover self-inflicted wounds.

Scarification began as cultural identification in some places, especially in Maori and African societies. Other cultures may use it for religious reasons, and nearly all cultures use it for aesthetics. Some people also use scarification for pleasure, as the process of being scarified creates endorphins.

Haloarchaea

Haloarchaea are halophiles. They need a high salt concentrations to grow. They are a distinct evolutionary branch of the Archaea, and are extremophiles.

The term "halobacteria" is a misnomer (mistaken name), because we now know the archaea are a different group from bacteria.

In taxonomy, the Haloarchaea are a class of the Euryarchaeota, found in water with salt. They are common in most environments where large amounts of salt, moisture, and organic material are available.

Cowbird

Cowbirds are birds of the genus "Molothrus". They are brood parasites, similar in life-style to the Cuckoo. The entire family Icteridae is limited to the New World.

They lay their eggs in the nests of other birds. The birds whose nest is used by the cowbird is tricked into raising the young cowbirds.

These birds feed on insects, including those stirred up by cattle. They lay their eggs in other birds' nests. This means that the birds can more easily stay with the herd.

The Brown-headed Cowbird has over 220 hosts. The other cowbird species have fewer known hosts, but all the species are generalists when it comes to choosing a host. This means that the eggs may look very different from the hosts' eggs.

It seems that Brown-headed Cowbirds periodically check on their eggs and young after they have deposited them. Removal of the parasitic egg may trigger a retaliatory reaction termed 'mafia behaviour'. Cowbirds may penalise hosts which remove the cowbird egg: they often destroy the eggs or nestlings of those hosts.

Elisabeth of Bavaria

Duchess Elisabeth of Bavaria (December 24, 1837 - September 10, 1898) was the wife of Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria.

Elisabeth was born in Munich, Bavaria state in Germany. She was part of the royal family of Wittelsbach. She was the fourth of the ten children of Prince Maximilian of Bavaria and his wife Princess Ludovika. She was known as "Sisi". She grew up with her brothers and sisters at Possenhofen Castle. In August 1853, she went to Bad Ischl with her mother and older sister Helene, to celebrate Austrian Emperor Franz Joseph's 23rd birthday. The event was also supposed to be the occasion to announce his engagement to Helene. However, Franz Joseph liked the young and beautiful Elisabeth so much that he proposed to her instead.

Elisabeth and Franz Joseph were married in great pomp in Vienna on April 24, 1854. Elisabeth had an informal upbringing, before marrying Franz Joseph. She disliked the much more formal life she had to live at court. Early in the marriage, her mother-in-law, Princess Sophie, took over the care of Elisabeth's daughters. One daughter died when she was a baby. The birth of her son Rudolf improved her standing at court. Her health suffered under the stress of the court life. She had four children: Sophie (1855-1857), Gisele (1856-1932), Rudolf (1858-1889) and Valerie (1868-1924). 

Franz Joseph and Elisabeth became King and Queen of Hungary in 1867, when the two countries joined together and created the Austro-Hungarian Empire. 

Elisabeth suffered from lung disease and melancholia. She disliked the strict etiquette of the court. She was often away and lived long periods of time abroad, notably in Hungary and at her villa in Corfu. 

Her only son, Rudolf, committed suicide in 1889, after killing his young mistress Marie Vetsera. Empress Elisabeth was assassinated by an Italian anarchist in 1898, while on a visit to Geneva. 

She has since become something of an historical icon and highly romantic figure, through a series of movies called "Sisi" in the 1950s. The movies starred actress Romy Schneider.

Maebashi

It has been recognized as a core city since 2009.

Rinkokaku is a wooden building which was built in 1884. It is an important cultural property. 

"Misopan", meaning “Bread with Miso paste” originates from Yakimanju. Friand, Numata, is famous for Misopan. The buns are made from Gunma Prefecture’s high quality wheat. Azuki bean paste is not used, but rather, a spread of miso with sugar, which is then grilled until brown.

The prefectural office building was formed from Maebashi castle. It was renovated in 1999, and became the tallest building in Maebashi.


Art Ross

Arthur Howey "Art" Ross (January 13, 1885 – August 5, 1964) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman and executive from 1905 until 1954. Thought of as one of the best defenders of his time by his peers, he was one of the first to skate with the puck up the ice instead of passing it to a forward. He won the Stanley Cup twice in a playing career that lasted thirteen seasons; in January 1907 with the Kenora Thistles and 1908 with the Montreal Wanderers. Like other players of the time, Ross played for many teams and leagues, and is most familiar for when he played with the Wanderers while they were members of the National Hockey Association (NHA) and its successor, the National Hockey League (NHL). In 1911 he led one of the first player strikes over the players wanting more money. When the Wanderers' home arena burned down in January 1918, the team stopped playing so Ross retired as a player.

After working as an on-ice official for a few years, he became head coach of the Hamilton Tigers for one season. When the Boston Bruins were created in 1924, Ross was hired as the first coach and general manager of the team. He would go on to coach the team four different times until 1945 and stayed as general manager until his retirement in 1954. Ross helped the Bruins finish first place in the league ten times and to win the Stanley Cup three times; Ross coached the team to one of the Stanley Cup victories. After he was hired by the Bruins, Ross, along with his wife and two sons, moved to a city near Boston, and became an American citizen in 1938. He died near Boston in 1964.

Ross was also important in creating different inventions for hockey to make it better. He created a style of hockey puck still used today, and also created an improved style of goal nets, which were used for forty years. In 1947 Ross gave the NHL the Art Ross Trophy, which is given to the best scorer of the NHL regular season. In 1949, the Hockey Hall of Fame named Ross.


Firmicutes

The Firmicutes are a phylum of bacteria, most of which have the Gram-positive type of cell walls.

The group is typically divided into the Clostridia, which are anaerobic, the Bacilli, which are aerobic, and the Mollicutes, a class of bacteria which do not have cell walls. 

On phylogenetic trees, the first two groups show up as paraphyletic or polyphyletic, as do their main genera, "Clostridium" and "Bacillus".

Firmicutes make up the largest portion of the mouse and human gut microbiome. The division "Firmicutes" as part of the gut flora has been shown to be involved in energy resorption and obesity.

Proteobacteria

The Proteobacteria are a major phylum of bacteria.

They are gram-negative bacteria. This means they do not retain the violet dye in the Gram staining protocol.

In a Gram stain test, a counterstain (commonly safranin) is added after the crystal violet, colouring all gram-negative bacteria with a pink colour.

The test itself is useful in classifying two distinct types of bacteria based on the structural differences of their cell walls.

Proteobacteria include a wide variety of pathogens, such as "Escherichia coli", "Salmonella", "Vibrio", "Helicobacter", and many other notable genera.

Others are free-living, and include many of the bacteria responsible for nitrogen fixation. The group is defined primarily in terms of ribosomal RNA (rRNA) sequences.

Most members are facultatively or obligately anaerobic, chemoautotrophs, and heterotrophic, but there are numerous exceptions.

There are alphaproteobacteria in this phylum which are widely found in marine plankton. They may constitute over 10% of the open ocean microbial community.


Necrosis

Necrosis is a medical condition in which parts of a person's body die, turn black, and fall off. This happens when the there is not enough blood reaching the tissues. This can happen for many reasons including injury, poisons, bacteria or radiation damage. The dead tissue will not grow back. 

André Kim

André Kim (August 24, 1935 – August 12, 2010) was a South Korean fashion designer based in Seoul, South Korea. He is known mainly for his evening and wedding gown collections.

Kim, whose real name is Kim Bong Nam, is one of fashion designers in South Korea. He has achievements in Korean fashion, and International fashion. New York Times and Herald Tribune in London described him as 'A pioneer in Korean fashion' and 'Alive fashion hero'. 

Kim became the Korea’s first male fashion designer as he opened his fashion shop in 1962 and since that time he attracted public attention by designing a wedding dress of Um Aeng Ran, who was a top star at that time, and designing many clothes like uniforms of the Korean athletes for the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. Furthermore, not only did he hold a fashion show in Paris as the first South Korean in 1966 but also he held a lot of fashion shows in many places such as New York, Washington DC, Beijing and Sydney. Also, he was in the spotlight of the world because he became the world's first fashion designer to hold a fashion show in front of pyramids and Angkor Wat temple.

Since 2002 Kim has expanded his business into not only design fields such as children's wear and golf coat but also various fields like cosmetics and jewelry. He was active in his work even before he died on August 12, 2010, because of the pneumonia and colorectal cancer at age 74.

There are many characteristics that André Kim has in his fashion shows and styles. One of them is wedding finale, which is representative symbol as a bride and groom wearing wedding gowns confront each other. Kim sticks to a design that emphasizes woman's elegance and tries to apply Korean traditional pattern. Moreover, he always emphasizes white color. To be specific, the clothes that he designed are white as well as the things that he uses, such as furniture and cars, are also white. Moreover, he wears only white clothes regardless of the situation, even when he sleeps and takes a rest.


Wensleydale

Wensleydale is the valley (dale) of the River Ure on the east side of the Pennines in North Yorkshire, England. Wensleydale is in the Yorkshire Dales National Park. It is named after the small village of Wensley. The village name 'Wensley' comes from the words "Woden's ley", or meadow of the pagan god Woden. It is famous for its cheese.

Wensleydale cheese is made from cow's milk. It is produced in a village in the county of North Yorkshire in England. It is usually shaped into a flat disc known as a truckle. The history of the cheese began in Wensleydale in 1150 when monks started making cheese. This became a farmhouse industry until the first commercial cheese was made in Hawes in 1897. Cheese making continued until May 1992 when the cheese factory closed. Six months later a group of local businessmen, ex-factory workers and cheesemakers, were able to reopen the business and promote Real Yorkshire Wensleydale Cheese. This business has become very successful making specialty cheese and now employs more than 200 people.

In the 1990s, sales of the cheese had fallen very low. However, in the popular Wallace and Gromit animated cartoons, "A Grand Day Out" and "A Close Shave" the main character Wallace, a cheese lover, mention Wensleydale as a particularly favourite cheese, which boosted sales of the cheese.

Park Tae-hwan

Park Tae-hwan (nicknamed "Marine boy") is a famous swimmer from South Korea. He was born in Seoul on September 27, 1989. He is the first South Korean swimmer to win a world title. He won a gold medal in the men's 400 meters freestyle final at the World Swimming Championships in Melbourne, 2007. Recently, he won a medal in all seven events in which he has competed in 2010 Asian Games (three gold medals, two silver medals and two bronze medals).

Mistaken Point Ecological Reserve

Mistaken Point Ecological Reserve is one of the world's greatest fossil sites. It is part of Newfoundland and Labrador, in Canada.

Mistaken Point was so named because sailors found it a navigational hazard on the foggy tip of Newfoundland's Avalon Peninsula. The site is on Canada's Tentative List for proposed UNESCO World Heritage Sites. No-one can visit the fossil site without an official guide; collecting actual fossils may not be done.

The fossils are in Mistaken Point's tilted and faulted mudstone and sandstone. They are exposed, visible on the surface. They are part of the Ediacaran biota, the oldest complex (multicellular) life forms. The Ediacaran is the last period in the Proterozoic eon. They date to 579 to 542 million years ago, when all life was in the sea.

The Reserve is the only place in the world where you can see a 565-million-year-old sea floor which preserves the ecology of these ancient deep sea communities.

This lagerstätte includes over 30 types of ancient creatures, most of them extinct groups unknown in our modern world.

The creatures lived on the bottom of a deep ocean, below the depths that light could reach. What is now Newfoundland was then between latitudes 40°–65° South. 

The imprints of the soft-bodied animals were preserved in place on the muddy sea floor when they were suddenly buried by repeated volcanic ash-falls. The ash (tuff) layers contain zircon, which makes it possible for geologists to accurately date the fossil layers by radiometric dating. Fossils of similar age are found in Russia and Australia, but the variety found at Mistaken Point make the site unique.


Period (geology)

A period in geology is a main subunit of an era.

Thus the Mesozoic era is divided into three periods: the Triassic, the Jurassic and the Cretaceous. These periods are then further subdivided into epochs.

Bismuth(III) chloride

Bismuth(III) chloride, also known as bismuth trichloride, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiCl. It has bismuth and chloride ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuth(III) chloride is a pale yellow solid. It reacts with water to make bismuth oxychloride and hydrochloric acid. It dissolves in acids like hydrochloric acid. It reacts with reducing agents to make bismuth metal.

It is made by reacting bismuth with chlorine. It can also be made by dissolving bismuth(III) oxide in hydrochloric acid. Bismuth can be dissolved in nitric acid to make bismuth(III) nitrate, which reacts with sodium chloride to make bismuth(III) chloride.

It is used as a catalyst in organic chemistry. It is a good source of bismuth and is used to make other bismuth compounds.

Bismuth(III) chloride can cause burns on skin because it makes hydrochloric acid when it reacts with water. It irritates the gastrointestinal tract.


Incheon

Incheon (officially, Incheon Metropolitan City) is a major port city in South Korea and famous for Incheon International Airport.

Incheon is 28 km from the nation’s capital, Seoul. It is at 126° 37´ east longitude and 37° 28´ north latitude, the same latitude as San Francisco, Washington, Madrid, and Teheran. Incheon is the third largest city in South Korea, after Seoul and Busan and 2.6 million people live in Incheon (2009).

There are ten administrative districts in Incheon and it is divided into 8 wards ("gu") and 2 counties ("gun").

Incheon Subway and Seoul Metropolitan Subway is linked (line number 1) and it takes approximately an hour from Incheon subway station to Seoul Station. 

The history of Incheon started from the Goguryeo Kingdom in 475 AD, under the reign of King Jangsu. Its original name was Michuhol and it changed several times and renamed to Incheon-gun in the 13th year of King Taejong’s reign during Joseon period. In 1949, after Korea`s 1945 liberation, Incheon City reorganized. It was finally renamed to Incheon Metropolitan City in 1995. 

During the Korean War, there was the battle of Incheon led by an American general of UN Douglas MacArthur and the battle resulted in a decisive victory. It was also a strategic reversal in favor of the United Nations(UN). In a show of gratitude to the American soldier, Koreans in the late 1950s erected the bronze statue of MacArthur in a central park at Incheon that overlooks the sea area through which his troops came ashore.

Incheon is famous for 17th Asian Games,Incheon International Airport, Incheon Port, Songdo International City, Incheon Subway, and Munhak Worldcup Stadium are five major cites of Incheon.

Ganghwa-county (Ganghwa Island) is famous for dolmens registered as one of the World Heritages by UNESCO.
Hwamunseok mats are Incheon's famous local products, a figured mat. The beauty of these hand-woven mats has made them one of the most famous specialty products of Ganghwa-gun, and one of the most beloved traditional Korean crafts.

Wolmido was once a military base of Japanese Army during the Japanese colonial period and a outpost of the battle of Incheon. Nowadays, Wolmido is one of the most famous tourist spots near the Metropolitan area. Along the 1 km-long Wolmido Street of Culture, there are lots of beautiful cafes and restaurants. Wolmido is also famous for street performers, portrait artists and Wolmi Festival.

To become an international economic hub and a center of business and service industry of Asia, Incheon is developing free economic zone in the three regions of Songdo, Cheongra, and the island of Yeongjong. Incheon's Free Economic Zone, the first in Korea, was officially designated by the Korean government in August 2003 and it is planing to 2020.


Bismuth fluoride

Bismuth fluoride can mean either of these chemical compounds:


Bismuth(III) oxychloride

Bismuth(III) oxychloride is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiOCl. It has bismuth, oxide, and chloride ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuth(III) oxychloride is a whitish solid. It is a weak oxidizing agent. It is somewhat shiny. It does not dissolve in water. It makes a very complicated molecule when it is heated.

It is made by reacting bismuth(III) chloride with water.

It is used in cosmetics as a pearlescent coating. 


Don Poile

Donald Bruce Poile (June 1, 1932 - February 23, 2024 in Fort William, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 66 games in the National Hockey League with the Detroit Red Wings. In addition to his time in the NHL, Poile had a successful minor league career with the Edmonton Flyers of the Western Hockey League. His brother Bud Poile is in the Hall of Famer.

Poile died on February 23, 2024.

Red Spooner

Andrew George 'Red' Spooner (August 24, 1910 — May 7, 1984) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Pittsburgh Pirates during the 1929–30 NHL season.


Gaye Stewart

James Gaye Stewart (June 28, 1923 – November 18, 2010) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward. He played nine seasons as a left winger in the National Hockey League.

Born in Fort William, Ontario, Stewart was promoted from the minors in 1942 to play in one game of the Stanley Cup Finals, where he helped the Toronto Maple Leafs win the championship. The next season, Stewart won the 1943 Calder Trophy, beating out Maurice 'The Rocket' Richard of the Montreal Canadiens. He became the first player to win the Stanley Cup before the Calder. Danny Grant, Tony Esposito and Ken Dryden have accomplished it as well since then.

After spending two years in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II, Stewart returned to the NHL in 1945 and had his best season, leading the league with 37 goals - the last time a Leaf led the League in scoring. Stewart won his second Stanley Cup, again with the Maple Leafs, in 1947. Toronto traded Stewart to Chicago early in the 1947-48 season in a deal that brought Max Bentley to the Leafs, and he had three 20-goal seasons for the Black Hawks before finishing his career with stints in Detroit, New York and Montreal. In all, Gaye Stewart played for five of the NHL's Original Six teams, all except the Boston Bruins. He played 502 career NHL games, scoring 185 goals and 159 assists for 344 points. Stewart died on November 18, 2010, in a hospital in Burlington, Ontario, at the age of 87.


Egyptian Museum of Berlin

The Egyptian Museum of Berlin () is home to one of the world's most important collections of Ancient Egyptian artifacts. 
The collection is part of the Neues Museum.

Bismuth(III) sulfide

Bismuth(III) sulfide, also known as bismuth sulfide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiS. It has bismuth and sulfide ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuth(III) sulfide is a brown solid. It does not dissolve in water. It is made by reacting hydrogen sulfide with a bismuth compound like bismuth(III) chloride.

It is found as the mineral bismuthinite. Bismuthinite is lead-gray to tin-white, with an iridescent tarnish. It is an important ore of bismuth. It has a metallic color. It was first found in Bolivia. Its specific gravity is around 6.8.


Ephedra sinica

Ephedra sinica, known in Chinese as ma huang (), is a plant used in traditional Chinese medicine. Hay fever and congestion are treated using this plant. Chemicals that come from this plant, mimic other chemicals inside the sympathetic nervous system, similar to amphetamine. They are often used for weight loss, but the U.S. FDA banned its use as a dietary supplement on April 2004.

Bismuthate

Bismuthate is an ion. Its chemical formula is BiO. It has bismuth in its +5 oxidation state. It is a very strong oxidizing agent. It reacts with hot water to make bismuth(III) oxide and oxygen. It also reacts with acids. Sodium bismuthate is the most common bismuthate. It is one of the few sodium compounds that does not dissolve in water.


Metric time

Metric time is a way of measuring how long a period of time is using the metric system. The metric system uses the second as a main unit of time. There are periods of time that are based on the second but shorter. They are named with metric prefixes. Some of these are kiloseconds and milliseconds. Other units of time, like the minute, hour, and day, are accepted for use with the modern metric system, but are not part of it.

The metric system was first used in France in 1795. It had units for length, area, dry volume, liquid capacity, weight or mass, and even amounts of money, but not for time. Decimal time of day had been first used in France two years earlier, but was set aside at the same time the metric system was started and did not follow the metric pattern of a base unit and prefixed units. James Clerk Maxwell and Elihu Thomson (through the British Association for the Advancement of Science - BAAS) came up with the Centimetre gram second system of units (cgs) in 1874.
The ephemeris second (1/86400 of a mean solar day) was made one of the original base units of the modern metric system, or International System of Units (SI), at the 10th General Conference on Weights and Measures (CGPM) in 1954. The SI second was later made even more exact. It was made into the time of 9,192,631,770 periods of the radiation from the transition between the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the caesium-133 atom.

People have had ideas for other base units of metric time (other than the second). On March 28, 1794, Joseph Louis Lagrange, the president of the commission which developed the metric system, wrote a report to the commission. His report suggested the names "déci-jour" and "centi-jour" (deciday and centiday in English). Base units that are decimal divisions of the day, such as 1/10, 1/100, 1/1000, or 1/100,000 day, or other divisions of the day, such as 1/20 or 1/40 day, have also been suggested, with names such as tick, meck, chi, chron, moment, etc. These other units have not caught on with people, however.

In computing, metric time became widely used because it is easy to use with computers. Unix time gives date and time as the number of seconds since January 1, 1970, and Microsoft's FILETIME as multiples of 100ns since January 1, 1601. VAX/VMS uses the number of 100ns since November 17, 1858, and RISC OS the number of centiseconds since January 1, 1900. (Each of these is not exactly linear, as there are some interruptions with leap seconds.)

The main problem with metric time is in the units. The International System of Units has only come up with prefixes for 10 units exponentially in both the multiple and submultiple directions. The first three multiples would be viable for use within a metric time system; they are 10 (decasecond = 10 seconds), 10 (hectosecond = 100 seconds; 1.666 minutes) and 10 (kilosecond = 1 000 seconds; 16.666 minutes) respectively. However, the fourth value in the SI Units is 10 (megasecond = 1 000 000 seconds; 16 666.666 minutes; 277.777 hours; 11.574 days). Followed by 10 (gigasecond = 1 000 000 000 seconds; 16 666 666.666 minutes; 277 777.777 hours; 11 574.074 days; 31.689 years); a relatively nonviable unit with which to measure human time/life. To make this system of prefixes work for metric time, standard units and prefixes would have to be made for the 4th and 5th exponents to make metric time work for talking about the time of human life. These would be:
10 seconds (10 000 seconds; 166.6 minutes; 2.777 hours)
10 seconds (100 000 seconds; 1 666.6 minutes; 27.77 hours; 1.157 days)


Sodium bismuthate

Sodium bismuthate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is NaBiO. It has sodium and bismuthate ions in it.

Sodium bismuthate is a light brown solid. It does not dissolve in water. It is one of the only sodium compounds that do not dissolve in water. It reacts with hot water to make sodium hydroxide, bismuth(III) oxide, and oxygen gas. It reacts with acids to make bismuth(III) salts, sodium salts, and oxygen gas. It is a strong oxidizing agent.

It is made by reacting a basic solution of bismuth(III) oxide and sodium hydroxide with a strong oxidizing agent.

Sodium bismuthate is used in a test for manganese.


Kim Won-bong

Kim Won-bong (, 1898 – 1958) was a Korean independence activist, and politician. His nickname was 'Yaksan' ().

1940 Provisional interim parliament of Republic of Korea, February 1944, Provisional Government of Republic of Korea Defence Minister.


Joe Szura

Joseph Boleslaw Szura (December 18, 1938 – October 13, 2006) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 90 games in the National Hockey League for the California Golden Seals and 115 games in the World Hockey Association for the Los Angeles Sharks and Houston Aeros. Szura was born in Fort William, Ontario.


Billy Bell

William Edward Bell (June 10, 1891 – June 3, 1952) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played four seasons in the National Hockey Association and six in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Wanderers, Montreal Canadiens and Ottawa Senators. He won the Stanley Cup in 1924 with the Canadiens.

Chondrostei

The Chondrostei are a sub-class of ray-finned fish, the Actinopterygii. They include the sturgeons, huge fish which provide caviar.

The Chondrostei are mainly cartilaginous fish with some ossification. There are 52 species divided among two orders. The orders are the Acipenseriformes (sturgeons and paddlefishes), and the Polypteriformes (reedfishes and bichirs). 

This group has at times been classified with the sharks: the similarities are obvious, not only do the chondrosteans mostly lack bone, the structure of the jaw is more akin to that of sharks than other bony fish. Both lack scales (except the Polypteriforms). Additional shared features include spiracles and, in sturgeons, a heterocercal tail (the vertebrae extend into the larger lobe of the caudal fin). However the fossil record suggests that these fish have more in common with the Teleostei than their external appearance might suggest.

It is thought that the ancestors of the chondrosteans were bony fish but that this characteristic was lost in later evolutionary development, resulting in a lightening of the frame. Elderly chondrosteans show beginnings of ossification of the skeleton which suggests that this process is delayed rather than lost in these fish.

In the early Mesozoic, a number of fish families were beginning to develop adaptations which would make them lighter, faster and more efficient predators. Chondrosteans took a radical approach. Cartilage is lighter than bone, and they delayed the development of bone, so that it only developed in elderly fish. They lost the upper jaw bones completely. Other changes allowed them to shoot the jaw forwards to grab prey.

Why did Chondrosteans react with such total reorganization? Obviously selection pressure must have been very strong. However, in one way they were almost unique. Rarely amongst animals, they underwent polyploidy, several times. Instead of two sets of chromosomes (diploid), the Chondrosteans have 8 or 16 sets of chromosomes. Such a dramatic genetic change may have given the potential for a rapid, drastic reorganization of the body plan.

The Chondrostei are paraphyletic. The group does not contain all of its descendants. Therefore, it is going to be reorganized.

Don Meredith

"Dandy Don" Meredith (April 10, 1938 - December 6, 2010) was an American football player. He was born in Mount Vernon, Texas (about 100 miles east of Dallas. He died in Santa Fe, New Mexico from a brain hemorrhage. He was 72 years old. Meredith was a quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys from 1960 to 1968. In 1970 he became a television broadcaster when he joined the Monday Night Football crew.

Meredith studied at Southern Methodist University (SMU). He played quarterback for SMU for three years. He was selected as an All-America in 1958 and 1959. In 1960, he was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the third round. He was then traded to the Dallas Cowboys for future draft picks. In 1960, the Cowboys were a newly formed "expansion" team.

Meredith played quarterback for the Cowboys from 1960 to 1968. In 1965, he became the starting quarterback. In 1966, he led the Cowboys to their first winning season, with a record of ten wins, three losses, and one tie. He threw a career-high 2,805 yards and 24 touchdown passes. He was named NFL Player of the Year and selected to the Pro Bowl. He led the Cowboys to three division titles. He played in the 1966 and 1967 NFL Championship games.

"Dandy Don" announced his retirement in 1969, the same day that Roger Staubach was released from the Navy. Staubach then replaced Meredith as the quarterback. Meredith was 31 years old and in the prime of his career.

Meredith was inducted to Cowboys "Ring of Honor" in 1976. He and Don Perkins were the second and third players added to the ring.

Don Meredith was one of the first athletes to move into television broadcasting as a color commentator. He joined Keith Jackson and Howard Cosell at Monday Night Football (MNF) in 1970. In 1973, he left MNF to join NBC for three years. In 1977, he returned to MNF until his retirement in 1984. He also appeared in a number of TV shows and movies, including "Police Story" and commercials for Lipton Ice Tea.

Ron Talakoski

Ronald Paul Isaac Talakoski (June 1, 1962 – July 6, 2009) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played nine games in the National Hockey League with the New York Rangers between 1986 and 1988.

Talakoski spent four years at the University of Manitoba. In October, 1986 he signed as a free agent with the New York Rangers and played three games for the club that season. The rest of his rookie year was spent in the American Hockey League (AHL) and the International Hockey League (IHL). In 1987-88 he played a six games for the Rangers then scored 24 goals for the IHL's Colorado Rangers before retiring. Talakoski also served as a firefighter in Thunder Bay, Ontario for 18 years. Talakoski was found dead by Thunder Bay Fire and Rescue Services after a short search near Pier 3 in Thunder Bay, after having been reported missing from his residence. He is reported to have suffered from Shy-Drager syndrome.

Lifeboat (shipboard)

A lifeboat, also known as a liferaft, is a small, stiff or inflatable boat carried for emergencies in the event of a disaster on a ship. Lifeboats are required by law to be on larger ships.

When steamships became commonplace in the 19th century, so did lifeboats. At the beginning of the 20th century larger ships meant that more people could travel, but rules about lifeboats were often overlooked. After the RMS Titanic sank on April 15, 1912, people realized that bigger ships need more lifeboats. The Titanic's lifeboats were only capable of carrying 1,178 people although the Titanic had 3,330 people.

Because many lifeboats were needed on the decks of passenger ships this led to the use of most of the deck space being used for lifeboats which created the problem of narrow passageways. This was fixed by using inflatable boats.

Human overpopulation

Overpopulation means that the population of a place is too high. Specifically, there are too many organisms of a certain species in a habitat, so the number of organisms living there is larger than the carrying capacity of the habitat. The habitat cannot support these numbers over time without hurting itself.

The term "overpopulation" is most often used to refer to the number of humans living on Earth.

The world's population has greatly increased in the last 50 years. The main reason is the reduction in death rate, especially for infants and children. The result is that many more people survive to the age when reproduction is possible.

The recent rapid increase in human population over the past two centuries has raised concerns that humans are beginning to overpopulate the Earth. The planet may not be able to sustain larger numbers of people. The population has been growing since the end of the Black Death, around the year 1400. At the beginning of the 19th century, it had reached roughly 1,000,000,000 (one billion). Rapid population growth occurred all over the world, especially after World War II. By 1960, the world population had reached 3 billion, and it doubled to 6 billion over the next four decades. As of 2011, the estimated annual growth rate was 1.10%, down from a peak of 2.2% in 1963, and the world population stood at roughly 6.9 billion. In 2014, it is over seven billion. 

Current projections show a steady decline in the population growth rate, with the population expected to reach between 8 and 10.5 billion between the year 2040 and 2050.

What were forests have often been turned into farmland. In so doing many species of animals and plants are wiped out, and the CO levels in the atmosphere goes up. This is a direct consequence of human population increase.

The solutions usually suggested are better education and widespread free contraception (birth control). Many pregnancies are unplanned (40%) or unwanted. 

There are powerful forces working against birth control. Religious and traditional beliefs often favor large families. Few governments have tackled the problem seriously.

Others have proposed that since human population size and carrying capacity depends on the amount of food available, like other species, a good method would be to control food production and produce food only for how much is needed rather than more than needed in order to stop birthrates. 

For example, Peter Farb, an anthropologist, ecologist and naturalist stated "Intensification of production to feed an increased population leads to a still greater increase in population."




Bismuth(III) iodide

Bismuth(III) iodide, also known as bismuth triiodide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiI. It has bismuth and iodide ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuth(III) iodide is a dark gray solid. It is sometimes pale yellow, though. It does not dissolve in water. It reacts with other iodides to make iodobismuth(III) ions, BiI.

It is made by reacting bismuth powder with iodine. It is also made by reacting bismuth(III) oxide with hydroiodic acid. It can also be made by reacting bismuth(III) chloride with any iodide such as potassium iodide.

It was used in a test for bismuth ions. Bismuth ions form a dark gray precipitate when reacted with potassium iodide because bismuth(III) iodide was made.


Bismuth(III) oxide

Bismuth(III) oxide, also known as bismite and bismuth trioxide, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is BiO. It has bismuth and oxide ions in it. The bismuth is in its +3 oxidation state.

Bismuth(III) oxide is a pale yellow solid. It does not dissolve in water. It dissolves in acids to make other bismuth(III) salts. When it is electrolyzed, it makes a bright red solid, bismuth(V) oxide. It has several different crystal structures that have been studied. It reacts with rare earth metal oxides and the products are being studied.

Bismite is the mineral form of bismuth(III) oxide. It is an ore of bismuth. Its Mohs hardness is 4.5 to 5 and its specific gravity is quite high, around 8 or 9. It is made when bismuthinite is oxidized. It was first found in Nevada in 1868.

It can be made by reacting sodium hydroxide with a bismuth(III) salt such as bismuth(III) chloride. It can also be made by igniting powdered bismuth metal. Another way of making it is to react bismuth nitrate (made by dissolving bismuth in nitric acid) with concentrated sodium hydroxide.

Bismuth(III) oxide is used in pyrotechnics to make fireworks that burn with an effect called "dragon's eggs". Lead(II,IV) oxide was used for this in the past, but now is considered too toxic to use. It is also used in research and the making of other bismuth compounds.


Pharmacoepidemiology

Pharmacoepidemiology studies the use and effects of drugs on large groups of people. It assesses good and bad effects, and risks for humans while using a particular drug. 

Pharmacoepidemiology bridges pharmacology and epidemiology and borrows methodology from both of them. It uses descriptive epidemiological method by describing exposure to a drug and by calculating rates, e.g., incidence and prevalence. This produces a hypothesis about the drug, but does not test it. Pharmacoepidemiology also uses analytic epidemiological method by means of observation (case-control and cohort studies) and clinical trials. The analytic study compares an exposed group with a control group and tests the hypothesis. 

Pharmacoepidemiology provides pharmacovigilance. That is continual monitoring of unwanted effects and other safety-related aspects of drugs. Pharmacovigilance is conducted by reporting systems through health care professionals who report adverse drug reactions to the central agency. The central agency combines reports from many sources to produce a more informative profile for drug products.

Tufa

Tufa is a porous variety of limestone. It is formed by the precipitation of carbonate minerals from water at normal temperatures.

Geothermally heated hot springs sometimes produce similar (but less porous) carbonate deposits known as travertine.

Do not confuse with the rock made of volcanic ash, which is called tuff.

Renault Espace

The Renault Espace is an MPV produced by Renault since 1984. It is available with up to seven seats and with 4- and 6-cylinder petrol and diesel engines. The Espace was Europes first MPV and debuted shortly after the Dodge Caravan in the US. The first generation was made from 1984 to 1991. The second generation was made between 1991 and 1996. The third generation was made from 1996 to 2002 and was the first to offer a bigger version called the Grand Espace. The fourth generation was the longest running model sold between 2002 and 2014 and received facelifts in 2006 and 2012. It is currently in its fifth generation launched in early 2015 but this version is not sold in the UK with right-hand drive. In 2023, Espace VI, a 7-seater Austral is due to take over.

Grey's Anatomy

Grey's Anatomy is an American television series. It is a story about surgeons at the fictional Seattle Grey-Sloan Memorial Hospital (previously Seattle Grace-Mercy West Hospital and Seattle Grace Hospital). The show was created by Shonda Rhimes. It has been on ABC (American Broadcasting Company) since March 2005.

This successful television series is about surgeons in a hospital in Seattle. They do surgeries on patients with different health issues which are hard to solve. Even with their busy lives, the doctors become good friends and sometimes even fall in love with each other.

The American show was created by Shonda Rhimes. It was mostly filmed in Los Angeles, California and has been shown on ABC since March 27, 2005.

The series has had much success with 19 seasons and 421 episodes. A new twentieth season started showing on March 14, 2024. The TV show won a Golden Globe Award in 2007 for the best dramatic TV series, and it also has been awarded two nominations at the Emmy Awards for the same reason. This dramatic medical comedy has been produced in many languages and countries, like Belgium, France, and Switzerland.

"Grey’s Anatomy" got its name from a textbook by Henry Gray, written in 1858, which reached its 40th edition in 2008. The title of the text is "Anatomy of the Human Body". It has many surgical applications and is a medicinal classic of the human anatomy.


Ian Curtis

Ian Kevin Curtis (15 July 1956 – 18 May 1980) was the singer of the post-punk band Joy Division. He was born in Stretford, Lancashire and grew up in Macclesfield, Cheshire. He suffered with epilepsy and committed suicide by hanging in Macclesfield in May 1980, aged 23, after the illness became severe. After this, Joy Division broke up. In 2007, a film about Curtis' life, named "Control", was released. It made $8,159,508 and won five British Independent Film Awards.

Carrying capacity

In ecology, the carrying capacity of an environment is the number of organisms of a particular species that can live there depending on the amount of resources it has. If too many organisms live in an environment, it is called overpopulation.

The carrying capacity of an environment can change, and humans can have an effect on the carrying capacity. For example, agriculture and irrigation allow feeding more people; meaning the human carrying capacity is increased.

Some things that can change an environment's carrying capacity are pollution and the use of natural resources.

Gordon Freeman

Gordon Freeman is the main hero of the "Half-Life" video game series. He is a theoretical physicist from MIT. During the series, Gordon must win in hard situations, often without backup. To try to make the game more believable, the character never speaks, and there are no cut scenes, all action is seen as if the player was Gordon, with the player being in control of Gordon's actions at nearly all times. 

The character is seen first as a theoretical physicist working at Black Mesa Research Facility and working in an experiment which accidentally opens an portal, releasing confused, harmful aliens into Black Mesa. In the first "Half-Life", Gordon Freeman fights through the facility with other workers, fighting the aliens as well as a military unit sent in to stop the incident and silence any surviving witnesses. In the second game, "Half-Life 2", Gordon is introduced to a military world years after the Black Mesa incident, along with a force known as the Combine that took over the world.

Joe Tallari

Joe Tallari (born October 5, 1980 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.

In 2001 Tallari began his career playing for Niagara University where he was team's senior captain. Tallari moved to the Hartford Wolf Pack, the farm team for the New York Rangers. He stayed for just one season before moving to the Johnstown Chiefs of the ECHL, where he again topped the 50 point mark.

Over the following three seasons, Tallari switched between teams in the ECHL and the AHL, spending time with the Cleveland Barons, the Bridgeport Sound Tigers (on two occasions) and the Las Vegas Wranglers. He then moved to Europe, signing with the Manchester Phoenix in the summer of 2007 to play under Tony Hand. Tallari finished the season as the EIHL's second highest goal scorer, with 55 goals and 38 assists in 59 games. This performance won Tallari the 'Best Newcomer' award at the 2008 Man of Ice Awards and ensured his selection for the 2007-08 EIHL All-Star team.

In April 2008 it was announced that Tallari would leave Manchester to sign for the Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria in order to try and qualify for the Italian national team. On 07 May 2009 he left Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria and signed a contract with HC Eppan Pirats Internorm.


Defenestration

Defenestration is the action of throwing something, especially a person, out of a window. The word comes from the Latin "de-" (down or away from) and "fenestra" (window or opening).

The word comes from two events in history that took place in Prague. In 1419, seven town officials were thrown from the town hall, which started the Hussite War. In 1618, two Imperial governors and their secretary were thrown from Prague Castle, which started the Thirty Years War. Both events, particularly the one in 1618, were called the Defenestration of Prague and gave rise to the word and to the idea.


Aquificae

The phylum Aquificae is a diverse collection of bacteria that live in harsh environmental settings. They have been found in hot springs, sulfur pools, and thermal ocean vents. Members of the genus Aquifex, for example, are productive in water between 85 and 95 °C. They are the dominant members of most terrestrial neutral to alkaline hot springs above 60 degrees Celsius. They are autotrophs and are the primary carbon fixers in these environments. They are true bacteria (domain bacteria) as opposed to the other inhabitants of extreme environments, the Archaea. They are gram negative.

Chloroflexi

Chloroflexi is one of four classes of bacteria that produce energy from light and are named for their green pigment, usually found in photosynthetic bodies. 

Chloroflexi are typically filamentous (they look like microscopic strings), and can move about through bacterial gliding. They are facultatively aerobic (they can survive with oxygen or without it), but do not produce oxygen in the process of producing energy from light, or phototrophy. Additionally Chloroflexi have a different method of phototrophy (photoheterotrophy) than true photosynthetic bacteria. Phylogenetic analysis (looking at DNA) indicates that they had a separate origin.

AKB48

AKB48 is a Japanese idol group produced by Yasushi Akimoto. He searched Akihabara to find members who are innovative, because the area has been energetic recently. They are very popular in Japan. The "AKB" name comes from Akihabara (), which is their home ground. 

On 2012-10-31, AKB48 sold over 20,000,000 records in Japan and became the best selling female group in J-POP history. 
The group debuted in January 2009. There are 47 members in total. They have their very own theater called the "AKB48 theater" () in Akihabara, and they perform there everyday. AKB48's theater is located on the 8th floor of the shopping mall "Don Quixote Akihabara" (). The reason for this is because Akimoto wanted to change the idea of idols. Idols usually are presented in an unrealistic way in the media, so Akimoto's idea was to show idols as real people whom fans could interact with. 

The group became popular for its concept of "Idols you can meet every day". Since they perform every day in the theater, in the days when they were less known their fans could visit every day and meet their favorite members afterwards. But now, AKB48 has so many fans that it is not possible to go to the theater every day. Instead, their fans must enter a lottery to win a ticket for the popular theater shows. 

They also hold "handshake events". Fans who buy a CD single of the group can get a ticket to the handshake event, and get the chance to meet a member and shake her hand for ten seconds. 

Also, there are sister groups such as SKE48, SDN48, NMB48, HKT48, JKT48, SNH48, TPE48 and MNL48. "SKE" name is derived from Sakae (),"NMB" is from Namba (), "HKT" is from Hakata (), "JKT" is from Jakarta, "SNH" is from Shanghai (), "TPE" is from Taipei () and "MNL" is from Manila. Also, the name "SDN" is derived from "Saturday Night". SDN48 consisted of members aged 20 or over. It had a more sexy, adult image, but it eventually split up.

"AKB" is a short form for Akihabara. During the first phase of this project, the name "Akihabara 48" was decided. It is popularly thought that the number 48 means the number of members, but instead it refers to the name of the group's President's office; "office48". The office is located in Chiba Prefecture, and in Japanese pronunciation, "Chiba" and "48" sound similar.

Because there are so many AKB48 members, they don't perform all at the same time. Instead, AKB48 consists of 5 teams called "Team A", "Team K", "Team B", "Team 4", and "Team 8". Most of the group's members are in one of these teams. Each team holds individual performances at the AKB theatre. These performances are a unique set list of around 15 to 20 songs, known as "stages". Each team has more than 20 members. For members who do not have enough experience to join a team, they are part of a group of "research students". The research students can take the place of a team member during performances if she is sick or unable to perform. When they are thought to have enough experience, they can join a team. 

Due to the large number of members, only a few members are picked by their producer when making media appearances. The members picked are called "senbatsu members", because "senbatsu" is a Japanese word meaning "selection". Senbatsu members have "earned" the privilege of representing the group during media appearances, and are chosen in different ways. The most famous is the election. 

There are four big elections to decide who sings new songs. You can get tickets to vote in the election when you buy specific CDs or related goods by AKB48. The member who ranks at number one in the election will become the "center" of their new song. This means they will stand in the front and center for the dance, and they will get a starring role in the song's music video.

The first election of AKB48 happened from June 23th to July 7th 2009. The results were announced at a concert venue called Akasaka BLITZ ( BLITZ). The top 21 in this election got the right to sing in their 13th single CD "Iiwake Maybe". Atsuko Maeda was ranked number 1 "center".

The second election of AKB48 happened from May 25th to June 8th 2010, and results were announced at JCB Hall (JCB). The top 21 in this election got the right to sing in the 17th single CD "Heavy Rotation". The top 12 were called "Media Senbatsu". They were chosen to promote new information on media such as TV and radio. Yuko Oshima was ranked number 1 "center".

The third election of AKB48 happened from May 24th to June 8th 2011. Results were announced at Nihon Budoukan (). Top 21 in this election got the right to sing in the 22th single CD "Flying Get". Atsuko Maeda was ranked number 1 "center".

The fourth election of AKB48, from May 22th to June 5th 2012. Results announced at Nihon Budoukan (). Top 16 in this election got the right to sing in their 27th single CD "Gingham Check". Yuko Oshima was ranked number 1 "center".

The fifth election of AKB48 took place from May 21st to June 7th 2013, with results announced at Nissan Stadium (). Top 16 in this election can get the right to sing 32th single CD "Koi Suru Fortune Cookie". Rino Sashihara was ranked number 1 "center".

The sixth election of AKB48 took place from May 20st to June 6th 2014, with results announced at Ajinomoto Stadium (味の素スタジアム). Top 16 in this election can get the right to sing 37th single CD "Kokoro no Placard". Mayu Watanabe was ranked number 1 "center".

AKB48 Seventh Election

The seventh election of AKB48 took place from May 19th to June 5th 2015, with results announced at Fukuoka Yahoo Auction Dome . Top 16 in this election can get the right to sing 41st single CD "Halloween Night". Rino Sashihara was ranked number 1 "center".



The following table lists some of the major awards received by the group.

Perfume (Japanese band)

Since 2003, Perfume has been produced by Yasutaka Nakata, founder of the group Capsule and the Contemode label. The group's original sound changed to electronic, dance and pop music taking on Auto-Tune and electro house when they joined major label.

Yuka Kashino (Kashiyuka)

Birth: 1988.12.23

Hobbies and favorite things: 
Ice cream, hair care, sparkling jewelry, photography, memorizing lines of commercials.

Ayano Omoto (Nocchi)

Birth: 1988.9.20

Hobbies: Sleeping, watching TV and movies, reading books, making Misanga, aroma, photography, shopping

Special skills: Working hard and detailed, puzzles.

Ayaka Nishiwaki (A-chan)

Birth: 1989.2.15

Hobbies and favorite things: Flower pattern design, lace, sparkling things, mascara, pink pajamas

Special skills: Health and fitness enthusiast.

Perfume formed in 2000. In 2003 in Tokyo, they met someone who would become a crucial to their success - Capsule's Yasutaka Nakata, who is the main producer for them.
They released Linear Motor girl, which managed to chart on the oricon chart on September 21, 2005. They released two other singles, "Computer City" and "Electro World" in 2006. In 2008, they released "Polyrhythm", which Perfume is famous for. It reached #7 on oricon chart. In 2011 Perfume switched labels, and their single <nowiki>"</nowiki>Spring of Life<nowiki>"</nowiki> was their first under Universal Music Japan.

These are some of Perfume's singles.

Indie Singles


Major Singles


Thermoregulation

Thermoregulation is the ability of an organism to control its body temperature within certain limits, even when the surrounding temperature is different. This is an aspect of homeostasis: the keeping of a constant internal environment.

So-called warm-blooded animals control the temperature of their body at quite a high level. This ability is called endothermy. All mammals and birds are endotherms (homeotherms or homoiotherms). The basic source of the heat is chemical energy from the body's metabolism. They have a number of temperature-control devices:


In the colder climates many mammals hibernate or aestivate. This means they have a two-level metabolism. Their temperature is held at a high level when they are active, and at a lower level when they are hibernating. This has the advantage of saving energy during times when they cannot get enough food to keep up the higher temperature.

The human body has automatic responses to help regulate temperature. When the external environment heats up, arterioles leading to the capillary loops in the dermis dilate (widen). This increases blood flow to the surface of the skin where its heat can more easily radiate away. This process is called vasodilation. Sweat glands also produce greater amounts of sweat. This liquid is secreted onto the surface of the skin. Sweat needs energy to turn from a liquid into a gas and evaporate. This energy is called the latent heat of vaporisation. The body supplies this heat and so it cools down as the sweat evaporates.

If the body is unable to maintain a normal temperature and it increases significantly above normal, a condition known as hyperthermia occurs. This occurs when the body is exposed to temperatures of approximately 55 °C; any exposure longer than a few hours at this temperature or up to around 70 °C kills. The opposite condition, when body temperature decreases below normal levels, is known as hypothermia.

Palaeontologists are fairly certain that some fossil groups were endotherms. Obvious examples are pterosaurs, whose bodies were covered by hair (or hair-like filaments), and the smaller carnivorous dinosaurs which evolved feathers ("dinobirds"). It is thought that feathers originally functioned to keep body temperature higher. They appear on bird-like dinosaurs before there were any flying birds ("Anchiornis huxlei"), and they appear on dinosaurs which are too heavy to fly at all.

Heterothermy is a term for animals that have features of both ectothermy and endothermy. They can switch between strategies.

The fundamental idea is that smaller endothermic animals have, relative to their mass, a larger body surface. "Heat loss takes place from the surface, and in order to keep warm, an animal must produce heat at a rate equal to its loss".

Animals 'make' heat by the metabolism inside their bodies, but lose heat through their surface (mostly their skin). Now, their bodies are three-dimensional, whereas their surface is two-dimensional. So, if an animal of length X doubles its length, then its surface area increases by about X, but its body mass increases by about X. Example:

Thus larger animals are much more "energy efficient" than smaller animals. Large animals lose heat "relatively" slower than small animals because their surface area is smaller "in proportion".

Small warm-blooded animals have three main tactics for overcoming this problem of heat loss. First, they have a higher metabolic rate than large animals. This is universal in birds and mammals: only the details differ. A higher metabolic rate affects the whole of their lives, and is the main reason why they have shorter lives than large animals. The smallest mammals (shrews) and the smallest hummingbirds are about the same size and weight. They have fast heartbeats, up to 1,200 per minute, and they use up more calories per gram than any other endotherms. The rate of oxygen use is similarly high. As a result of the metabolism running at such a high rate, they do produce more heat per gram than any other living things.

Second, many allow their temperature to drop at night. Many hummingbirds go into a trance-like torpor at night. 

In that state, they are less aware and less able to take flight, so there is a greater risk of predators. However, when they are asleep they cannot feed, and at their normal rate of metabolism they need sugar regularly. The torpor is their way of saving energy which they cannot replace until the next day.

Thirdly, almost all endotherms are insulated to reduce heat loss. Obviously that is true of birds (which have feathers) and land mammals (which have fur). Marine mammals have thick layers of fat under their skin, which is better insulation than wet fur. The exceptions are some very large mammals such as elephants, which have almost no fur. Their problem is how to get rid of heat, and that is a problem for all really large land animals. The African elephant's solution is to have large ears, which are well supplied with blood vessels, and to wallow in water if that is available. It is very likely that the same problem affected large dinosaurs. After all, the largest titanosaurs were far larger than any land animal alive today.

Ectotherms are what is often called "cold-blooded". To function properly they need some heat, and usually this is heat from their surroundings. Many need heat in order to digest their food.

Many supposedly cold-blooded animals do things to keep their temperature higher than the surrounding air or water. Fast-moving fish, like tunny, and some sharks, keep their temperature above the level of the surrounding water. Reptiles such as lizards and snakes sit in the sun when they are cold and in the shade when they are hot. Some insects control their temperature, especially colonial insects. Termite mounds have 'air conditioning': their system of openings and galleries allows currents of air to flow through the mound. Honey bees fan their wings to cool their colony. However, many smaller invertebrates do not control their body temperature at all.

An animal whose internal temperature varies considerably. is a poikilotherm (noun), "poikilothermic" (adjective). The term is preferred to cold-blooded by some scientists.


Auto-Tune

Auto-Tune is a proprietary audio processor made by Antares Audio Technologies. Auto-Tune uses a ph vocoder to fix pitch in vocal and instrumental performances. It is used to hide out of tune singing and mistakes. It lets singers perform perfectly tuned vocal tracks without needing to sing in tune. Its main purpose is to slightly bend sung pitches to the nearest true semitone. Auto-Tune can also be used as an effect to distort the human voice when pitch is raised/lowered a lot.

Auto-Tune can be used as a plug-in for professional audio multi-tracking suites used in a studio setting, and as a stand-alone, rack-mounted unit for live performance processing. Auto-Tune has become standard equipment in professional recording studios.

Auto-Tune was first created by Andy Hildebrand, an engineer working for Exxon. Hildebrand developed methods for interpreting seismic data, and then realized that the technology could be used to detect, analyze, and modify pitch.

Auto-Tune was used for vocal effects on Cher's "Believe", recorded in 1998. This was the first major hit song to use the software for this purpose. At first the sound engineers claimed that they had used a vocoder, in what "Sound on Sound" said was an attempt to keep a trade secret. After the massive success of "Believe", many artists copied the technique, which became known as the "Cher Effect". It can be heard in songs of the late 1990s and early 2000s. Some notable examples are Gigi D'Agostino's "La Passion" and Janet Jackson's US Number 1 hit "All For You". Auto-Tune became famous again in the mid-2000s when R&B singer T-Pain made active use of it in his songs. This technique has been copied by many other modern R&B and pop artists, including Usher, Beyoncé, Rihanna, and Justin Bieber. T-Pain has even had an iPhone App named after him that copies the effect called "I Am T-Pain".

The "Boston Herald" revealed that country music stars Faith Hill and Tim McGraw have both said they are using Auto-Tune in performance. They said it is a safety net that guarantees a good performance. Sara Evans, John Michael Montgomery and Gary LeVox of the group Rascal Flatts also use Auto-Tune to fix pitch problems. However, other country music singers, such as Loretta Lynn, Allison Moorer, Trisha Yearwood, Vince Gill, Garth Brooks, Martina McBride, and Patty Loveless, have refused to use Auto-Tune.

YouTube musical group The Gregory Brothers have joined their original music tracks with Auto-Tuned versions of mundane evening news video clips, making fun of everyone from President Barack Obama to Antoine Dodson. The popularity of their YouTube channel led the Gregory Brothers to release many of their songs on iTunes.

In 2002, the CD "Miss Fortune" by singer-songwriter Allison Moorer was released with a sticker stating that "Absolutely no vocal tuning or pitch correction was used in the making of this record". At the 51st Grammy Awards in early 2009, the band Death Cab for Cutie wore blue ribbons to protest the use of Auto-Tune in the music industry. Later that spring, Jay-Z named the lead single of his album "The Blueprint 3" as "D.O.A. (Death of Auto-Tune)". Jay-Z said that far too many people had jumped on the Auto-Tune bandwagon and that the trend had become a gimmick. Christina Aguilera appeared in public in Los Angeles on August 10, 2009 wearing a T-shirt that read, "Auto Tune is for Pussies". However, when interviewed by Sirius/XM, she said that Auto-Tune wasn't bad if used "..in a creative way". She said her album "Bionic" uses the technology and highlighted "Elastic Love" being a product of it.

Opponents of the plug-in argue Auto-Tune people will not treat musicians with respect in they need help to stay in tune. A "Chicago Tribune" report from 2003 states that "many successful mainstream artists in most genres of music—perhaps a majority of artists—are using pitch correction".

In 2004, "The Daily Telegraph" music critic Neil McCormick called Auto-Tune a "particularly sinister invention that has been putting extra shine on pop vocals since the 1990s" by taking "a poorly sung note and transpos[ing] it, placing it dead center of where it was meant to be".

In 2009, "Time" magazine quoted an unnamed Grammy-winning recording engineer as saying, "Let's just say I've had Auto-Tune save vocals on everything from Britney Spears to Bollywood cast albums. And every singer now presumes that you'll just run their voice through the box." The same article hoped "that pop's fetish for uniform perfect pitch will fade", commenting that pop-music songs are sounding the same, as "track after track has perfect pitch." Timothy Powell, a producer/engineer stated in 2003 that he is "even starting to see vocal tuning devices show up in concert settings"; he states that "That's more of an ethical dilemma—people pay a premium dollar to see artists and artists want people to see them at their best."

The American television series "Glee" uses Auto-Tune in its songs. E! Online's Joal Ryan criticized the show for its "overproduced soundtrack", in particular, complaining that many songs rely too heavily on the software.

In 2010, there was controversy when British television reality TV show, "The X Factor" had been accused of using Auto-Tune to improve the voices of contestants, especially Gamu Nhengu. Simon Cowell ordered a ban on Auto-Tune for future episodes.


Masai Mara

Masai Mara National Reserve is a National Park in Kenya, East Africa. It was established in 1948 as a wildlife sanctuary, and has been made larger since then.

Masai Mara is a game reserve type of park, meant to protect the animals on the savannah of the Serengeti. It is named after the Maasi people, who are the traditional people of the area. Big as it is, the Masai Mara National Reserve is only a fraction of the Greater Mara Ecosystem.

The Mara is effectively the northern continuation of the Serengeti National Park game reserve in Tanzania.

This natural event is famous for involving a great population of large mammals. Huge numbers of herbivores migrate each year, followed by the big cats. The zebra, Thomson's gazelle, wildebeest, African buffalo, giraffe, elephants and others arrive to eat fresh grass after the rain, and later move on. Lions, leopards, cheetahs follow, and also vultures and hyaenas. hippos and Nile crocodiles are in the rivers. It is called "The Great Migration".

The Great Migration is one of the most impressive natural events worldwide. Taking part each year are some 1,300,000 wildebeest, 500,000 Thomson's gazelles, 97,000 Topi, 18,000 eland, and 200,000 zebra. These plant-eating migrants are followed along their annual, circular route by hungry predators, most notably lions and hyena.

More than 470 species of birds have been identified in the park, many of which are migrants. Almost 60 species are raptors (birds of prey). Birds that call this area home for at least part of the year include: vultures, marabou storks, secretary birds, hornbills, crowned cranes, ostriches, long-crested Eagles, African pygmy-falcons and the lilac-breasted roller, which is the national bird of Kenya

Helen Hayes

Helen Hayes Brown (October 10, 1900 – March 17, 1993) was an American actress. Her career lasted for almost 70 years. Known as the "First Lady of the American Theatre", she is one of only thirteen people to win all four main American entertainment awards - Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony. Hayes also received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1986, the National Medal of Arts in 1988 and was awarded at the Kennedy Center Honors in 1981. Two Broadway theaters are named after her.

Hayes was born in Washington D.C. on October 10, 1890. She was an only child. Her mother, Catherine Estelle Hayes, was an actress of Irish ancestry. Her father, Francis van Arnum Brown, was a meat salesman. 

Hayes was an accomplished child. She went to a dancing school and sang very well. She began a stage career at the age of five, pushed by her mother. She also took her mother's maiden name as her stage name. By the age of ten, she had made a short movie. In 1917 Hayes graduated from the Academy of the Sacred Heart Convent in Washington.

Her first sound movie "The Sin of Madelon Claudet" (1931) brought her Academy Award for Best Actress. The part she played in it was written by her husband, Charles MacArthur. Among her other successful movies of that time were "Arrowsmith" (1931), "A Farewell to Arms" (1932), "What Every Woman Knows" (1934).

Hayes liked working in theatre. Her most famous performance on Broadway was the role of Queen Victoria in a play "Victoria Regina" (1938). She played leading parts in "Coquette" (1928) and "Mary Of Scotland" (1933) as well. "Harvey" (1970) became her last hit on stage. Hayes had to retire from theatre because of her asthma condition.

She continued her work in movies. Hayes won her second Academy Award in 1970 for "Airport". This time for Supporting role. During the later part of her career she was often in series and movies made for television. She successfully portrayed legendary character Miss Marple in several movies in 80s.

Hayes met her husband, Charles MacArthur, a playwright, in 1927. They married in August of 1928. They had a daughter, Mary, born in 1930. She became involved in acting, but died from polio at age 19. In 1938 Hayes and Charles adopted a son, James MacArthur, who grew up to be an actor. 

Charles MacArthur died in 1956. He had many years of illness and grief caused by his daughter's untimely death. Hayes never married again. 

She published four autobiographies: "A Gift of Joy" (1965), "On Reflection" (1968), "Twice Over Lightly" (1972), and "My Life in Three Acts" (1990).

Hayes died on March 17, 1993 from heart failure in the hospital of Nyack, New York. She was 92. She was buried in the Oak Hill Cemetery, next to her husband and daughter.


Ray Crawford

Ray Crawford (October 26, 1915 - February 1, 1996) was an American racecar driver.

Crawford was born in Roswell, New Mexico. He died in Los Angeles, California. He drove in the American Automobile Association and United States Automobile Club Championship Car series, racing in the 1954-1959 seasons with 13 starts, including the Indianapolis 500 races in 1955-1956, and 1959. He finished in the top ten 6 times.

Baryon

Baryons are composite subatomic particles made of an odd number of valence quarks (at least three quarks). The most familiar baryons are the protons and neutrons which make up most of the visible matter in the universe. Electrons (the other major component of the atom) are leptons.

Since all quarks have a spin of 1/2, all baryons have a spin of 1/2 or 3/2 (the spins can cancel out). 1/2 spin baryons have the lowest energy state. 3/2 spin baryons are extremely unstable, and only live for 10 seconds. After that, they jump down to a lower energy state by releasing photons containing energy. These 3/2 spin baryons are known as higher energy resonances.

All particles with 1/2 spin (or 3/2 spin) are called fermions, and obey Fermi-Dirac statistics. This means that no two fermions can be in the same point in space at the same time. This is not true for the other type of subatomic particle, called a boson. More than one boson—like a photon—can exist in the same point in space at the same time. 

Baryons are one of two types of hadrons, which are particles made of quarks. The other type of hadron is called a meson.

The name baryon comes from Greek "barys," meaning heavy.

Upper Triassic

The Upper Triassic is the last epoch in the Triassic period. It began 237 million years ago, and ended 201.3 million years ago. It was after the Middle Triassic epoch, and before the Lower Jurassic epoch.

Many early dinosaur species appeared for the first time during the Upper Triassic. These included "Plateosaurus", "Coelophysis", and "Eoraptor". The discovery of "Herrerasaurus" and "Saurosuchus" makes it quite clear that the dinosaurs were taking hold of the land environments.

Pterosaurs were common in the air, and ichthyosaurs dominated the seas.

At the end of the Upper Triassic some event or events caused the extinction of many animal species worldwide. This was the end–Triassic extinction event. It was similar to the more famous event that lead to the extinction of the dinosaurs. No one knows for sure what caused the event. 

Although the Triassic period was, in general, a dry period with the inland areas often being deserts, the Upper Triassic epoch saw a big change.

The Carnian Pluvial Event (CPE) was a major global climate change and biotic turnover with many extinctions. It was early in the Upper Triassic, about 230 million years ago. Shifts in carbon and oxygen isotopes suggest a global warming. 

Major changes in organisms responsible for calcium carbonate production occurred during the CPE. Carbonate sedimentation stopped in deep water settings of Southern Italy. 

High extinction rates occurred among ammonoids, conodonts, bryozoa and crinoids. Major evolutionary innovations followed the CPE. The dinosaurs became established. In the seas there were calcareous nannofossils and scleractinian corals.

Fondue

Originally, Fondue was a dish where pieces of bread, potatoes, or other vegetables were dipped into hot, molten cheese. Fondue is common in Switzerland, Piedmont, and Savoie. With the time, the meaning of fondue was extended: With Fondue bourguinonne, pieces of meat (usually beef) are dipped into hot oil. Fondue chinoise uses stripes of meat which are cooked.

Fondue chinoise and Fondue bouriginonne are served with different sauces or dips. The cheese-based variety uses a mixture of cheese, white wine, and starch to prepare the molten cheese.

A great number of people believe that fondue is a very old country way to make food of hard cheese and hard bread. Both Swiss and French people make fondue from the old time. It is most likely first made in the Jura mountains.

The oldest certain directions for making fondue used eggs and came from Vaud in the early 19th century. A great number of Swiss places and towns came up with very special directions for making fondue based on cheeses, wines and other substances of the town. 

Fondue became pleasing to a great number of people in the United States through the late 1960s and early 1970s.

In addition to the bread and cheese, there are side plates of garlic, pickled cucumber, onions and olives.

To give a special quality of taste, the "caquelon" is first rubbed with a cut garlic. Wine and cheese are added and heated and moved till they are warm and liquid. A small amount of starch is added to join the substances. Some strong alcohol from cherries is added just before bringing it to the table.

The most common directions use 1 decilitre of dry white wine and 200 grams of cheese for every person. The cheese is a mix of hard cheese (such as "Gruyère") and semi-hard (such as Emmental cheese).

A cheese fondue would be kept at a temperature warm enough to keep the fondue smooth and liquid but not at a great heat to cause burning. 

If the temperature is good, there will be a thin hard cover of toasted (not burnt) cheese at the lowest part of the "caquelon". 

This is the "la religieuse" (French for "the nun"). It has the structure of a thin cracker and is lifted out and every person is given a bit. In Switzerland sometimes boys and girls fight over the burnt cheese at the lowest part of the "caquelon".

"Fondue Bourguignonne" is named after Burgundy in France. Fondue Bourguignonne uses a pot of heated oil to cook. Bits of meat are put into the oil to quickly cook them. A number of sauces are made ready on the side. The earliest statements of this dish seem to have been made in the 1950s.

"Fondue Chinoise" uses a pot of heated liquid to cook. Thin bits of meat (often beef) are put into a very warm thin meat soup. As with a Fondue Bourguignonne, a number of sauces are made ready on the side. At the end of the meal, the liquid from the pot is drunk as a thick soup.

"Chocolate Fondue" was first made in the 1960s. Slices of fruit or cake are put in a pot of warm, liquid chocolate.

It would not be good to touch the fork with the tongue, because the fork will go back into the common pot. At a meat fondue, one uses a second fork to take meat off the fork that goes into the common pot. 

In Switzerland what has been done for a long time, is that if a bit of bread is lost in the cheese by a man, he gives money for a bottle of wine. If it is lost by a woman, she kisses the man at her left.

Megaupload

Megaupload was a website that allowed people to upload and download files. It had several sister websites including Megavideo, Megapix, Megalive and others. It is based in Hong Kong.

It allowed users who do not have an account to upload and download files up to 1 GB. People with free accounts got 200 GB of space. People with paid accounts had unlimited space. After uploading a file, a URL can be used to access and download it.

It would stay there for
The website was supported by advertising. It gave incentives to people who uploaded the files that were downloaded the most. The website displayed advertising as users downloaded the files.


On 19 January 2012 the United States Department of Justice seized and shut down the file hosting site Megaupload.com and commenced criminal cases against its owners and others. Worldwide, the Federal Bureau of Investigation arrested Kim Schmitz (Founder), Finn Batato (CMO), Mathias Ortmann (CTO and co-founder), with Bram van der Kolk arrested by the Organised and Financial Crime Agency of New Zealand. Their bail request was denied in New Zealand court as it was opposed by US authorities on the case. On January 20 Hong Kong Customs froze more than HK$300 million (US$39 million) in assets belonging to the company.

The case drew particular public attention because the arrests were on the day after a large protest of proposed legislation to expand United States legal authority against foreign piracy websites. Shortly afterward, the Department of Justice's website and a number of other organisations' websites were taken offline following concerted denial of service attacks from activist group "Anonymous".
A group spokesperson described the attacks as "the single largest Internet attack in [the group's] history" in an interview, adding that it was "a terrible case of happenstance that federal agents went after Megaupload only hours after the thousands of sites protesting in an anti-SOPA blackout went back online. Web surfers were by-and-far ready to defend an open Internet ... the feds 'could not have chosen a worse time to take down Megaupload'." He noted that from commencement until the point the government's web servers were offline was a mere 70 minutes.

Besides the Department of Justice's justice.gov, the Denial of Service attack included Universal Music Group, Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), Broadcast Music, Inc. (BMI), and the website of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. “Even without SOPA having been passed yet, the federal government always had tremendous power to do some of the things that they want to do. So if this is what can occur without SOPA being passed, imagine what can occur after SOPA is passed,” Brown told RT. Anonymous also attacked the website of France's anti-piracy organisation. 
On 19 January 2012 Anonymous released a statement on Pastebin.com accepting responsibility of the mass attacks on websites including those of RIAA, MPAA, BMI, FBI and others.


Amoebiasis

Amoebiasis, also known as amebiasis or entamoebiasis, is an intestinal infection caused by amoebas of the "Entamoeba" group. The infection is usually caused by "Entamoeba histolytica". The infection is normally got when someone drinks water with the parasite in it.

In some cases, the parasite lives in a person's large intestine and does not cause any symptoms. Symptoms vary from serious to none at all. There may be abdominal pain, mild diarrhoea, bloody diarrhoea or severe colitis with tissue death and perforation. This last complication may cause peritonitis. People affected may develop anaemia due to loss of blood.
Amoebiasis is usually transmitted by water contaminated with faeces. It can also be got indirectly by contact with dirty hands or objects.

Infection is spread by ingesting the cyst form of the parasite. This tough and semi-dormant structure is found in faeces. Since amoebiasis is transmitted by contaminated food and water, it is often endemic in parts of the world with poor sanitation (such as México, Central America, western South America, South Asia, and western and southern Africa).

Amoebic dysentery is often confused with "traveller's diarrhoea" because of its prevalence in developing nations. In fact, most traveller's diarrhoea is bacterial or viral in origin.

"E. histolytica" infections occur in both the intestine and (in people with symptoms) in tissue of the intestine and/or liver. So, two different classes of drugs are needed to treat the infection, one for each location. Such anti-amoebic drugs are known as "amoebicides".

Aga Khan II

Aga Khan II (; ) the formal name for Aqa Ali Shah (. He was born in 1830 in Mahallat, Iran and died in August 1885 in Pune, India). He was a Muslim leader. He was the 47th Imam of a religious group called Nizari Ismaili Muslims. He became the Imam in 1881. He was a member of the Iranian royal family. He worked to improve his own community and the Muslim community in India. He really enjoyed sports and hunting.

Aqa Ali Shah was the oldest son of Aga Khan I. He was an Iranian Prince. He was also a descendent of the Prophet Muhammad. The Prophet's daughter Fatima and son-in-law Ali b. Abi Talib were Aqa Ali Shah's ancestors. He lived in Iraq, Persia, and India during his childhood.

Aqa Ali Shah became Imam of the Ismailis when his father died in 1881. He also got his father's title of Aga Khan. Aga Khan II continued a good relationship with the British.

He opened several schools for his followers in Bombay and other places.

When he died in 1885, his 7-year-old son became Imam, Aga Khan III.

The first Aga Khan owned some of the best Arabian horses in the world. Aqa Ali Shah kept these horses too. He was good at riding them. He liked other sports and hunting very much. He was famous for hunting tigers in India. Sometimes he chased tigers on foot. He was so good at shooting guns that he killed at least forty tigers that way.

Steve Berry (novelist)

Steve Berry (born in 1955) is an American author, professor and former attorney currently living in St. Augustine, Florida.

Steve Berry first appeared in print with his historical books "The Amber Room" and "The Romanov Prophecy" in 2003 and 2004. Berry had been writing since 1990, and it took him 12 years and 85 rejections (over five different editions) to finally sell a manuscript to Ballantine Books. Berry credits the nuns who taught him in Catholic school about how to write novels and contact publishers.

Today, Berry has nearly 11 million books in print, which have been translated into 37 languages and sold in 50 countries. Berry focuses his time on writing or planning new novels, teaching writing to people all over the world, golfing or spending time on the beach.

Anastasia: The Mystery of Anna

Anastasia: The Mystery of Anna (Sometimes called Anastasia: The Story of Anna) is a 1986 Golden Globe and Emmy Award-winning TV movie, starring Amy Irving, Olivia de Havilland, Omar Sharif and Christian Bale. The movie was loosely based on the story of Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia and the novel "The Riddle of Anna Anderson" by Peter Kurth. It was Christian Bale's first movie and was originally broadcast in two parts.

The movie is about Anna Anderson, who believes that she is Anastasia, daughter of Nicholas II of Russia. Anna first tells her story in the 1920s when she is at a Berlin psychiatric hospital. Her story of escape from the Bolsheviks who killed the rest of her family in 1918 seems so vivid that many Russians believe her. She slowly gains more trust, but the Romanov family does not believe her. The movie never reveals if Anna really is Anastasia.


Felix Yusupov

Prince Felix Felixovich Yusupov, Count Sumarokov-Elston (; March 23, 1887, Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire – September 27, 1967, Paris, France), was best known for murdering Grigori Rasputin. Rasputin was the faith healer who was said to have influenced Tsar Nicholas II and Tsaritsa Alexandra Feodorovna in their decisions. Felix Yusupov was never punished for this murder.

Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory

The Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory (AFDIL) is a laboratory in America that studies DNA. It is run by the United States Armed Forces.

AFDIL usually uses fingerprints from ID card records.

Hallux valgus

A hallux valgus, also called bunion, is when the bone or tissue around the joint at the base of the big toe becomes larger. The big toe (hallux) may turn in toward the second toe, and the tissues around it can become swollen and red.

Aquificaceae

The family Aquificaceae are bacteria that live in harsh environmental settings such as hot springs, sulfur pools, and hydrothermal vents. Although they are true bacteria as opposed to the other inhabitants of extreme environments, the Archaea. 

Hydrogenothermaceae

The family Hydrogenothemaceae are bacteria that live in environments not good for humans. They have been found in hot springs, sulfur pools, thermal ocean vents. They are the only bacteria that live there (things like the Archaea are not bacteria).

Gulzar

Sampooran Singh Kalra, known as Gulzar (born 18 August 1936) is a songwriter, poet and movie director from India. He has written songs for many Hindi movies.

Gulzar co-wrote the song "Jai Ho" for the movie "Slumdog Millionaire". The song won the Academy Award for Best Original Song.

Vishal Bhardwaj

Vishal Bhardwaj (born 4 August 1965) is an n Hindi movie director. He has also composed music for many Hindi movies.

Turtle ship

The turtle ship was a type of warship built in Korea. It was used by the Koreans during the Japanese invasion of Korea in the 16th century. It was used to defeat the Japanese Navy. Because it looked like a turtle, it wascalled turtle ship.

It has a dragon-shaped head, which can fire cannons through its mouth. Its tail can also fire artillery. Turtle ships have 12 cannons on each side. In total there are 24 cannons. As lots of iron nails are stuck in its back, nobody can approach it easily. Moreover, people who are in turtle ships can see the outside, while people cannot look into it.

Its inside is divided into two floors, one of which is the place where cannons are and the other is where people can row. There are twenty four rooms. Nineteen of them are where soldiers can take a rest. Three of them are where weapons, such as swords, arrows and spears, are. In the other three rooms, iron goods can be stored. On the bottom, there is a huge water tank, which can make float and sink.

At first, turtle ships were small warships which could hold about 100~150 soldiers. However, after the Japanese Invasion of Korea in 1592, it expanded from a two-storied warship to a three-storied one and the hull was longer.

It has several cannons from front to back and side to side, including a dragon-shaped head. Therefore, it take an important role in breaking through the enemy lines at the head of fleets. In addition, it is assumed that iron nails stuck in its back might hit and sink enemy ships with the water tank full.

Because it has iron nails and wooden boxes covered with swords in the back, it is distinguished in warding off attacks against enemies.

It has ten paddles in each side, and four rowers are arranged to one paddle. As its bottom is flat-shaped, it's really easy to maneuver in large tidal ranges, such as The West Sea and The South Sea of Korean Peninsula. It's also possible to do a half-turn in the middle of moving. 


Foot-and-mouth disease

Foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) is one of the acute infectious diseases (highly contagious disease) of animals. Foot-and-mouth disease virus causes the disease which can infect domestic animals such as cattle, pigs, sheep, goats and deer. Generally, it is believed that FMD is not very contagious to humans. However, humans can spread FMD by carrying the virus on their clothes and body. FMD breaks out all over the globe, because it is highly contagious to many animals. The earliest description of FMD was that by Hieronymi Fracastorii (1546). He described the disease, as being unusual and affecting only cattle, when it occurred in northern Italy in 1514.

While the disease is widespread around the world, North America, Central America, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Chile, and many countries in Europe are considered free of FMD. Various types of FMD virus have been found in Africa, South America, Asia, and some parts of Europe.

The most obvious signs of Foot and Mouth Disease are excessive slobbering (letting liquid fall from their mouth), a lack of appetite and lameness (unable to walk properly because of damage to one or both of their legs). Affected animals may experience a sudden rise in temperature, sores in the mouth or other areas.



FMD is caused by a virus. Signs of illness can appear after an incubation period (the time from the moment of exposure to an infectious agent until signs and symptoms of the disease appear) of one to eight days, but often develop within three days. Immunity to one type does not protect an animal against other types.


Daejeon

Daejeon () is a city in South Korea It is in the middle of the southern Korean peninsula. "Daejeon" means "a grand field".

Its official name is “Daejeon metropolitan city”. The population in Daejeon is around 1,480,000 people. There are 5 districts (, "Gu") in the city.

Daejeon started as a small village called Hanbat. Daejeon started to grow into a large city during the Japanese occupation period. Since the location of Daejeon is near to Seoul, the Ho-Nam train was opened in 1914. In 1949, Daejeon was no longer a part of Chungcheong province. It became an independent metropolitan city. It has the same role as a province.

Today, the city is important as a local self-governing city in Korea. As the population of the city grew, the first subway station in Daejeon was opened in 2006. The formal president Noh Mu Hyun once planned to move some of the public administration buildings in Seoul to Daejeon.

Daejeon is seen as a city of science and technology. It has Daedeock science research town, National Science Museum. It was built to support scientists and researchers in Daejeon. In 1993, the city held the Daejeon Expo Festival.

Daejeon attractions include the O-world, the Expo Science Park, Hanbat Arboretum, Roots Park, Gyejoksan Hwangtogil , Daecheong, Jangtaesan recreational forest, Mountain pass around Daejeon, Daejeon Culture and Arts Center, Dongchundang, Euneungjeonge Culture Street, Famous people from Daejeon are Park Se Ri, a world famous golfer, and celebrities such as Kwon Sang Woo and Park Hae Mi.

Haeundae

The "Haeundae Beach" is at the southeast end of the city of Busan which is in South Korea. Along the 12 km of coastline is Busan's most popular beach, and one of the most famous beaches in South Korea. "Haeundae" was so named by scholar Choi Chi-Won (857~?) of the Silla Dynasty (BC 57~AD 935). When he was walking past Dongbaekdo Island, he was fascinated by it and carved the words "Hae Un Dae" on a stone wall on the island. Haeundae is 1.5 km long, 30~50m wide, and spans an area of 58,400㎡. The white sand is rough and is rather sticky. The sand of this beach is composed of sand that comes from Chuncheon Stream and shells that have been naturally eroded by the wind over time. 

Haeundae used to be isolated from the large communities in Busan and Busanjin. However hotels, shopping centers and other tourist facilities have been built on the beach front area since the mid-1990s, and Haendae is now an rich beach front area. Haeundae New Town, a major commercial and residential redevelopment project begun in 1990 and another development project, Centum City, started in early 2000 and is now a major feature of Busan. In Centum City there is the world's largest department store, Shinsegae Department Store and BEXCO (Busan Exhibition and Convention Center) has become a popular venue for international conventions and exhibitions. Nearby Marine City is built on land reclaimed from the sea, and has several huge, high-rise apartment blocks. 

Haeundae is one of the host venues for the annual Pusan International Film Festival. The 2005 APEC Conference was held on Haeundae's Dongbeak Island. Haeundae is one of the most popular spots in Busan to view the first sunrise of the year on January 1. Also, one of the most famous beach events happens in the first week of January when the temperature is around 0°C, the "Polar Bear Club", held by Choseon Beach Hotel since 1988. 

Dongbaek Island, at the south end of the beach, has a view of the sea by car and its coastline is famous for fishing. Oryuk Islets, a symbol of Busan to many Koreans, can be seen in the distance from Dongbaek Island. During the hot summer months, Haeundae beach becomes very crowded with thousands of people and parasols. People visit the beach from all over South Korea, as well as outside of Korea.

Mattress

A mattress is a mat or pad, usually placed on top of a bed, where somebody sleeps or lies on. It usually contains compliant stuffing such as feathers, cotton and foam rubber. Many have springs inside.

The word "mattress" came from Arabic words meaning "to throw" and "place where something is thrown" or "mat, cushion." During the Crusades, Europeans slept on cushions thrown on the floor, and the word "materas" eventually became Middle English through the Romance languages.

The earliest known form of a mattress dates back to approximately 77,000 years ago. It was discovered by archaeologists in a rock shelter located in Sibudu, South Africa. It was full of various types of grass and leaves, some of which were natural insect repellent to combat nuisances like mosquitos and other insects.

Between 3000 and 1000 BCE, other cultures in early history began to adopt elevated sleeping surfaces as humans and civilizations evolved. In ancient Egypt, these raised beds were typically made from wood for protection from snakes and rodents. Raised beds were also helpful as a way of regulating temperature and to protect against cold and heat.

Beds became simpler in the 19th century, with four-posters falling out of style. Mattresses were transformed when coil springs were introduced in the 1870s, and metal frames became more common. At the beginning of the 20th century, beds and mattresses could be mass produced for the first time, making them more accessible. As more companies began making mattresses, buying a mattress became much more about comfort and preference, which remains the case today.

Qin dynasty

The Qin dynasty ruled in China from 221 BC to 206 BC (15 years). It was created by the warlord Qin Shi Huang during the Warring States Period and defeated several other states in the area to unite China. The Qin ruled China for only a very short time, during which they built both the Terracotta Army and parts of the Great Wall of China.

The second, and final emperor, Qin Er Shi, was overthrown by a popular rebellion after the first Qin emperor died. It was followed by the Han dynasty. The Han dynasty was founded by Liu Bang in 202 BC. 

Tanganyika

Tanganyika is the mainland part of Tanzania. From 9 December 1961 to 26 April 1964 it was an independent state.

It was an East African territory lying between the Indian Ocean and the African Great Lakes: Lake Victoria, Lake Malawi and Lake Tanganyika.

Once part of the larger colony of German East Africa (), it comprised today's Rwanda, Burundi, and Tanzania, but not Zanzibar.

After World War I the parts that are today's Rwanda and Burundi became a League of Nations mandate governed by Belgium. The major part, however, came under British rule and was transferred to Britain under the 1919 Treaty of Versailles. This was confirmed by a League of Nations Mandate in 1922, later becoming a United Nations Trust Territory. Britain changed the name to the "Tanganyika Territory".

On 9 December 1961 Tanganyika became independent as a Commonwealth Realm, and on 9 December 1962 it became the Republic of Tanganyika within the Commonwealth of Nations. In 1964, it joined with the islands of Zanzibar to form the United Republic of Tanganyika and Zanzibar, later in the year changed to the "United Republic of Tanzania".

Although Tanganyika still exists within Tanzania, the name is no longer used formally for the territory. It is, however, a convenient way to refer to the mainland, which is so different geographically and culturally from Zanzibar. The name "Tanganyika" is also used to refer to Lake Tanganyika.

Nicola Pisano

Nicola Pisano (also called Niccolò Pisano and Nicola de Apulia) (c. 1220/1225 – c. 1284) was an Italian sculptor who is best known for the works that he made for Pisa Cathedral. At a time when most artists worked in the Gothic style, Nicola was influenced by the Ancient Roman sculpture that he saw at Pisa, and copied the style into his own work. For this reason Nicola Pisano is sometimes said to be to be the founder of modern sculpture.

 
Nicola Pisano's birthdate and exact birthplace are unknown. A document in the archives of Siena Cathedral says that he was the son of Petrus de Apulia. In 1245 Nicola was making sculptures at Prato Cathedral and then moved to Pisa where his son Giovanni Pisano was born.

Around 1255, Nicola received a commission (a paid job) to make the pulpit in the baptistery of Pisa Cathedral. The baptistery was a very large circular domed building that stood near the west doors of the cathedral. Nicola was assisted (helped) by other sculptors including Arnolfo di Cambio who later became a famous architect. The work was finished in 1260 and signed "Nicola Pisanus" which means "Nicholas of Pisa".

The pulpit is hexagonal (six-sided) and is supported on six columns of coloured stone, with another column under the centre of the pulpit. Four of the columns, including the central one, rest on the backs of carved creatures. Around five sides of the pulpit are white marble panels carved with stories from the life of Jesus. They are the "Annunciation" (telling of Jesus' birth to Mary), the "Nativity" (birth of Jesus), "Angels telling the Shepherds", the "Adoration of the Magi" (the Three Wise Men), "Baby Jesus presented at the Temple", and the "Crucifixion".

At Pisa Cathedral was a large cloister (a courtyard surrounded by arches) called the Campo Santo and used as a burial place. All around the arcade in the Campo Santo were Ancient Roman "sarcopgagi" (stone coffins), that had been stolen by the navy of Pisa when they had won a battle. Many of the coffins were richly carved with scenes that told stories. The biographer Giorgio Vasari wrote that Nicola Pisano studied these sculptures before he started work on the carvings for the pulpit. Because of this, Nicola's sculpture makes a bridge between the Gothic style of the 1200s, and the Classical style used by Renaissance artists in the 1400s. 
The Baptistery of Pisa had been built by an architect called Diotisalvi, but the work was not finished. Nicola Pisano made the dome much higher, and put decoration all around it which 20 years later had sculpture added by Nicola's son Giovanni Pisano.

In 1264 Nicola Pisano was aksed to work on a grand shrine in memory of St Dominic, called the "Arca di San Domenico" in the Basilica of San Domenico in Bologna. It is believed that Nicola made the main design but many other sculptors worked on it. More than 200 years later, it was still not finished, and Michelangelo, when he was still a teenager, made three small statues for it.

In September 1265 Nicola began work on another a marble pulpit, even grander than the first, this time for Siena Cathedral. The work took three years, and Nicola was helped by his son Giovanni Pisano and his assistants Arnolfo di Cambio, Lapo di Ricevuto and several other artists.

The pulpit is octagonal in shape and is supported on nine columns, made of granite, porphyry and green marble..
The message of this pulpit is Salvation and the Last Judgment. It has seven sculptured scenes and many small statues. Three of the scenes tell more than one story. All the panels are crowded with figures. 

In July 1273 Nicola Pisano was commissioned to make the altar in the Chapel of St James in Pistoia Cathedral. The chapel was demolished and all that remains is a basin for Holy Water, that was possibly made by Nicola.

His last main job, from 1277-78, was to make the sculpture panels to surround a very large fountain in the main square of the city of Perugia. (1277–1278). The fountain was designed by Fra Bevignate and Boninsegna. It is thought that most of the sculpture was done by his son Giovanni Pisano. and his assistants.



Oh Se-hoon

Oh Se-hoon ( born 4 January 1961, Seoul, South Korea) is a South Korean politician. He became the mayor of Seoul in 2021. He was also the mayor from 2006 to 2011.

When he was young, his family was very poor. He hasa said that he would need to finish his homework before sunset This was because it was very hard for his family to use electricity. After he graduated from high school, he entered Hankuk University of Foreign Studies. He studied Law. During his second year, he moved from HUFS to Korea University. In 1984, he passed the 26th Korean bar examination.

Oh served the military as an officer soon after graduating from law school. After finishing his military service, he worked as a lawyer in Seoul for about 15 years. He appeared on television programs about law many times. That made him become very famous, so he campaigned to being a politician. In 2000, he was elected as a member of the National Assembly, belonging to Grand National Party. As a young politician, he tried to break and change the old and conservative image of Grand National Party. After completing the four years of his term as a member of the National Assembly, he went back to being a lawyer.

Though he had left the political world, he was still preferred by many people. He was even favoured as the next mayor of Seoul, because the former mayor Lee Myung-bak was running for the President. At first, he consistently denied running for the mayor of Seoul. But as he was considered the best candidate for the mayor in many polls, and as Grand National Party persuaded him to run for the mayor, he finally decided to run.

Even before the election, he always won in many polls. As a result, he got over 60% in the 2006 election and became the mayor of Seoul easily. In this election, he promised to remove Dongdaemun Stadium, redevelop about 50 towns, encourage people to learn English, and change diesel buses to natural-gas buses.

In 2010, he tried to be re-elected as mayor. He was expected to easily defeat other candidates again. But in the vote counting, he was about to lose. The gap between him and the second candidate, Han Myeong-sook was just about 0.6%. He decided to quit after winning the election.

He was criticized because in his last 5 years in office the debt of Seoul tripled.

Hyundai Engineering and Construction

Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd. (HDEC) was founded by Chung Ju-young in 1947 as the name of Hyundai Civil Works Company and a major company of the Hyundai Group. 
The company completed restoration of Han River Pedestrian Bridge in 1958 and Seoul-Busan Expressway the main artery of Korean economy in 1970. 
HECD became the first Korean construction company entered overseas market among through the winning order for Pattani Narathiwat highway project in Thailand in 1965. 
The company was separated from the Hyundai Group and under the creditor’s management in 2001, as a liquidity crisis. Hyundai Group and Hyundai Motor Group took bid war though eventually Hyundai Group was named the preferred bidder for HDEC in 16th Nov 2010. 

The Head Office is in Key-dong, Chongro-ku, Seoul, Korea. The company has overseas branch offices in 14 countries including U.A.E.

The company has owned 7 subsidiary company which are Hyundai Engineering Co., Ltd., Hyundai Equipment & Steel Industries, Hyundai Design, Hyundai Farm, Hyundai CNI, Hyundai Hillstate and Hyundai Education. 

The company largely has 5 business fields which are Plant Construction, Power Plant Construction, Civil Works, Building Works and Nuclear Power Plants.

Ted Tucker

Edward William Tucker (born May 7, 1949 in Fort William, Ontario), is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who briefly played for the California Golden Seals of the National Hockey League.

Anne Marie d'Orléans

Anne Marie d'Orléans (27 August 1669 - 26 August 1728) was a niece of Louis XIV and was the wife of Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia. She was the mother-in-law of Philip V of Spain and the Dauphin of France. She was known as "Anna Maria" in her husbands kingdom. 

She was born at the Château de Saint-Cloud. Her mother died when she was ten months old. A year later, her father remarried Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate. Her half-brother Philippe d'Orléans, the future Regent of France. Her stepmother described her as "one of the most amiable and virtuous of women".

Anne Marie d'Orléans' proxy marriage to Víctor Amadeus II took place at Versailles on 10 April 1684. Louis XIV gave her a dowry of 900,000 "livres". She met her husband at Chambéry the following 6 May which were followed by another wedding ceremony. She was the mother of eight children. Anne Marie loved her husband greatly but he soon turned his attentions to his mistresses, one being the famous Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes. Anne Marie's eldest child, Marie Adélaïde of Savoy, was sent to Versailles as a young girl in order to learn her future role as queen of France, but she died in 1712. Her husband had two further children with Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes, his mistress from 1689 till 1700. Nonetheless, when he fell ill with smallpox, she nursed him until his recovery.

