The Fiat Tempra is a car made by Fiat. It replaced the Fiat Regata in 1990, and were replaced by the Fiat Marea in 1996.


Leonor Piuza

Leonor Piuza (born 14 April 1978) is a Mozambican runner. She is best in the 800 meter runs.

Piuza won the gold medal at the 2007 All-Africa Games and finished sixth at the 2008 African Championships. She also competed at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.

Piuza's personal best time is 2:01.71 minutes. She got this in June 2007 in Villefranche-sur-Saône.

Ōmi Code

The , also known as the Asuka Kiyomihara Code, are Japanese laws which were written in 668-672. The code was created by Fujiwara no Kamatari.

The Ōmi Code was 22 volumes long. It was put into effect in the last year of Emperor Tenji's reign. This code was an early version of the Taihō Code of 701.

Lake Charles, Louisiana

Lake Charles is the most populous city in the southwest Louisiana. It is the second most populous city in the Acadiana (after Lafayette). It is the fifth most populous city in the U.S. state of Louisiana (after New Orleans, Baton Rouge, Shreveport and Lafayette). The actual population is about 85,000. The city was founded as Charleston, March 7, 1861. The name was changed to Lake Charles on March 16, 1867. The city was founded by and named for Charles Sallier.

Empress Jitō

Jitō's reign started in 686 and ended in 697. Historians consider details about the life of Empress Jitō to be possibly legendary, but probable. The name Jitō"-tennō" was created for him posthumously by later generations.

The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

In the history of Japan, Jitō was the third of eight women to be empress. The two female monarchs before Jitō were (a) Suiko and (b) Kōgyoku/Saimei. The five women monarchs after Jitō were (c) Gemmei, (d) Genshō, (e) Kōken/Shōtoku, (f) Meishō, and (g) Go-Sakuramachi.

Before she became the monarch, this princess's personal name ("imina") was , or alternately Uno.

Princess Uno was the daughter of Emperor Tenji and she was the wife of Emperor Temmu, who was Tenji's brother.

In this period, the court and the government was centered at Fujiwara Palace in Yamato.


The actual site of Jitō's grave is known. This empress is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine ("misasagi") at Nara.

The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Jitō's mausoleum. It is formally named "Ochi-no-Okanoe no misasagi".

The "Man'yōshū" includes a waka poem said to have been composed by Jitō



Emperor Go-Murakami

This 14th century sovereign was named after the 10th century Emperor Murakami and "go-" (後), translates literally as "later"; and thus, he is sometimes called the "Later Emperor Murakami". The Japanese word ""go"" has also been translated to mean the "second one"; and in some older sources, this emperor may be identified as "Murakami, the second", or as "Murakami II".

His personal name was , also known as Yoshiyoshi.

He reigned from Sumiyoshi, Ōsaka, Yoshino, Nara, and other temporary locations.

Prince Noriyoshi was a member of the Southern Court during the Nanboku-chō period of rival courts.

According to the Imperial Household Agency, the mausoleum ("misasagi") of Go-Murakami is in Osaka Prefecture. The emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine in the precincts of Kanshinji temple (観心寺) in Kawachinagano, Osaka.

The years of Go-Murakami's reign are more identified by more than one era name.




Almayer's Folly

Almayer's Folly is Joseph Conrad's first novel. It was published in 1895. Set in the late 19th century, it centers on the life of the Dutch trader Kaspar Almayer in the Borneo jungle and his relationship to his half-caste daughter Nina.

Kaspar Almayer is a young Dutch trader cared for by rich Captain Lingard. Hoping to gain Lingard's wealth, Almayer agrees to a loveless marriage to Lingard's adopted Malay child and to running his trading post in Sambir in the Borneo jungle. Lingard loses much of his fortune searching for a hidden treasure. Meanwhile, Almayer's ventures constantly fail, most notably an expensive trading house, the "Almayer's Folly," that no one trades in. He did seem to enjoy dancing.

A daughter named Nina was born to Almayer and his wife. The rest of the novel concerns Almayer's conflicting wishes: his love for Nina, his effort at keeping her from her mother's Malay influence, and his desire for money and self-redemption.

Dain, a Malay prince, arrives at Sambir. Almayer tries to enlist Dain's help to find the treasure long sought by Lingard. Instead, Dain marries Nina and leaves Sambir with her, against Almayer's wishes. The loss of Nina and any prospect of wealth stuns Almayer. He spends the rest of his days in the empty trading house as his sanity slips away.

As Conrad's earliest novel, "Almayer's Folly" is often seen by critics as inferior to the author's later work because of its repetitive and at times awkward language. However, recent critics have paid more attention to Conrad's depiction of Nina as a self-determined female non-European character along with Aissa from Joseph Conrad's second novel, "An Outcast of the Islands".

Filming started in November 2010 for a French-Belgian adaptation by Chantal Akerman.


Surface integral

In mathematics, a surface integral is a definite integral taken over a surface (which may be a curve set in space). Just as a line integral allows one to integrate over an arbitrary curve (of one dimension), a surface integral can be thought of as a double integral integrating over a two-dimensional surface. Given a surface, one may integrate over its scalar fields (that is, functions which return numbers as values), or its vector fields (that is, functions which return vectors as values). 

Surface integrals have applications in physics, particularly with the classical theory of electromagnetism. 

Consider a surface "S" on which a scalar field "f" is defined. If one thinks of "S" as made of some material, and for each x in "S" the number "f"(x) is the density of material at x, then the surface integral of "f" over "S" is the mass per unit thickness of "S". (This is only true if the surface is an infinitesimally thin shell.) 

One approach to calculating the surface integral is then to split the surface in many very small pieces, assume that the density is approximately constant on each piece, find the mass per unit thickness of each piece (by multiplying the density of the piece by its area), and then sum up the resulting numbers to find the total mass per unit thickness of "S".

To find an explicit formula for the surface integral, mathematicians parametrize "S" by considering on "S" a system of curvilinear coordinates, like the latitude and longitude on a sphere. Let such a parametrization be x("s", "t"), where ("s", "t") varies in some region "T" in the plane. Then, the surface integral is given by

where the expression between bars on the right-hand side is the magnitude of the cross product of the partial derivatives of x("s", "t").

For example, to find the surface area of some general functional shape, say formula_2, we have
where formula_4. So that formula_5, and formula_6. So, 
which is the formula used for the surface area of a general functional shape. One can recognize the vector in the second line above as the normal vector to the surface.

Note that because of the presence of the cross product, the above formulas only work for surfaces embedded in three dimensional space.

Consider a vector field v on "S", that is, for each x in "S", v(x) is a vector.

The surface integral can be defined component-wise according to the definition of the surface integral of a scalar field; the result is a vector. For example, this applies to the electric field at some fixed point due to an electrically charged surface, or the gravity at some fixed point due to a sheet of material. It can also calculate the magnetic flux through a surface.

Alternatively, mathematicians can integrate the normal component of the vector field; the result is a scalar. An example is a fluid flowing through "S", such that v(x) determines the velocity of the fluid at x. The flux is defined as the quantity of fluid flowing through "S" in a unit amount of time. 

This illustration implies that if the vector field is tangent to "S" at each point, then the flux is zero, because the fluid just flows in parallel to "S", and neither in nor out. This also implies that if v does not just flow along "S", that is, if v has both a tangential and a normal component, then only the normal component contributes to the flux. Based on this reasoning, to find the flux, we need to take the dot product of v with the unit surface normal to "S" at each point, which will give us a scalar field, and integrate the obtained field as above. This gives the formula

The cross product on the right-hand side of this expression is a surface normal determined by the parametrization.

This formula "defines" the integral on the left (note the dot and the vector notation for the surface element).

Various useful results for surface integrals can be derived using differential geometry and vector calculus, such as the divergence theorem, and its generalization, Stokes' theorem.

The discussion above defined the surface integral by using a parametrization of the surface "S". A given surface might have several parametrizations. For example, when the locations of the North Pole and South Pole are moved on a sphere, the latitude and longitude change for all the points on the sphere. A natural question is then whether the definition of the surface integral depends on the chosen parametrization. For integrals of scalar fields, the answer to this question is simple: the value of the surface integral will be the same no matter what parametrization one uses.

Integrals of vector fields are more complicated, because the surface normal is involved. Mathematicians have proved that given two parametrizations of the same surface, whose surface normals point in the same direction, both parametrizations give the same value for the surface integral. If, however, the normals for these parametrizations point in opposite directions, the value of the surface integral obtained using one parametrization is the negative of the one obtained via the other parametrization. It follows that given a surface, we do not need to stick to any unique parametrization; but, when integrating vector fields, we do need to decide in advance which direction the normal will point to, and then choose any parametrization consistent with that direction.

Sometimes surfaces do not have parametrizations which cover the whole surface; this is true for example for the surface of a cylinder (of finite height). The obvious solution is then to split that surface in several pieces, calculate the surface integral on each piece, and then add them all up. This is indeed how things work, but when integrating vector fields, one needs to again be careful in choosing the normal-pointing vector for each piece of the surface, so that when the pieces are put back together, the results are consistent. For the cylinder, this means that if we decide that for the side region the normal will point out of the body, then for the top and bottom circular parts, the normal must point out of the body too.

There are surfaces which do not have a surface normal at each point with consistent results (for example, the Möbius strip). If such a surface is split into pieces, on each piece a parametrization and corresponding surface normal is chosen, and the pieces are put back together, the normal vectors coming from different pieces cannot be reconciled. This means that at some junction between two pieces will have normal vectors pointing in opposite directions. Such a surface is called non-orientable. Vector fields cannot be integrated on non-orientable surfaces.



Philae (spacecraft)

Philae (before known as RoLand) is an ESA lander spacecraft. It went with the Rosetta spacecraft. It landed on comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenkoon on 12 November 2014 to analyze it.

The name Philae was chosen through a contest organized by ESA, won by fifteen year old Serena Olga Vismara from Milan. The name comes from the orbiter name, already defined as Rosetta, which is the name of the stele that allowed Jean-François Champollion to understand ancient Egypt hieroglyphics. In order to complete the translation, he needed to use also the monuments on the island of Philae, the same way Philae lander will help to complete the work of the Rosetta lander.

Americana

Americana is about the United States, for example, its culture, geography, history etc.

FC Pinzgau Saalfelden

FC Pinzgau Saalfelden is an Austrian football club from Saalfelden in the federal state of Salzburg. The club plays in the Regionalliga Salzburg which is the third level in Austrian football. The second team is playing in the 2. Landesliga Süd of the Salzburger Fußballverband.
The club was founded on 23 May 2007. The new club was formed out of "1. Saalfeldner SK" (founded 1947) and "ESV Saalfelden" (founded 1952). The club was the first of the later players for the Austrian national football team Franz Bacher and Wolfgang Feiersinger. Feiersinger was also Championsleague winner with Borussia Dortmund.

in brackets:Level in Austrian football

Narrandera

Narrandera ( ) is a town in southern New South Wales, Australia. It is near the junction of the Newell and Sturt Highways, on the banks of the Murrumbidgee River. In 2006 there were 3,961 people living in Narrandera.

Narrandera is a river town with a long history. Captain Charles Sturt, the famous explorer, was the first European to see the area that later became known as Narrandera. However Sturt, who passed through on 12 December 1829, was not the first explorer to see the Murrumbidgee River. The upper Murrumbidgee, the "Big Water", was first discovered in April 1821, by Charles Throsby. The name "Narrandera" probably comes from Wiradjuri word "nharrang", meaning "frill-necked lizard".

The Narrungderra were the local indigenous people. They were all but destroyed by settlement, disease brought by European settlers, and clashes with the settlers. The last major battle between the indigenous people and European settlers took place near Massacre Island, and is said to have left only one survivor.

Narrandera is first recorded as a pastoral station or "run" (Narrandera Run) in 1848. The property was owned by Mr Edward Flood covered about .

The township developed in the early 1860s. Gillinbah Post Office opened nearby on 1 March 1859 and was replaced by the Narrandera office in 1861. A Gillenbah office was open from 1881 to 1892 and from 1906 to 1941.

The Borough of Narrandera began on 17 March 1885. The centenary of Local Government in Narrandera was celebrated in 1985.

The town of Narrandera is at the centre of a productive farming region. Its attractive tree-lined streets contrast with the open plains that surround it.

The Narrandera Memorial Gardens include the unusual Hankinson Fountain. Manufactured by the Royal Doulton Company of England, the ceramic fountain is one of only two known in the world, the other in India. It was given to the people of Narrandera by Alderman and Mrs Hankinson in 1922 in honour of locals who served in World War I. The Hankinson Fountain was smashed by an act of vandalism in 1971 and was restored by Charles Pearce.

To the east of Narrandera farmers grow cereal crops, sheep and wool. To the west, is the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area (MIA) fed by water from the Burrinjuck Dam. The MIA is a region where farmer grow rice and other cereals with irrigation, as well as citrus, wine grapes and potatoes.

The town also has number of historic attractions, such as a fig tree on the corner of King and Cadell Streets, which is thought to be 150 years old; and the Mon Repos, a residence built in a Queen Anne-style, which was built in the 1890s.

Narrandera's Irrigation Canal which carries water to the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area flows through the town. It begins west at Berembed Weir where water is taken from the Murrumbidgee River. The canal follows the natural bed of Bundidgerry Creek and in places is very wide and has no levee banks. Lake Talbot was formed in 1924 when the bank of the Irrigation Canal gave way, flooding the river flat between the canal and Bundidgerry Hill. The shallow lake was allowed to remain and became an important recreational feature of the town. The eastern end of the lake is used by water skiiers. The western end is a wetland habitat for native fauna. A wetland has been made near Lizard Drive, only from the Murrumbidgee River. The Narrandera Wetland is a collection point for storm water run-off from the town.

Narrandera is well served for transport. The Sturt Highway and the Newell Highways cross just south of Narrandera. Interstate buses pass daily - note that the destination can be listed as Jillenbah.
The Narranderra-Leeton airport is 5 km west of town. Regional Express (REX) operate several turboprop return services daily to Sydney, an hour and 10 minutes (approx) flying time away.
Narrandera's railway station is serviced by the weekly Sydney to Griffith XPlorer. It stops on the way to Griffith at 2:33pm on Saturdays and stops on the way back to Sydney at 8:45am on Sundays. CountryLink buses carry passengers daily to and from Wagga, to meet Sydney and Melbourne bound train services.

The book Jessica by Bryce Courtenay has Narrandera as the main town near the place where the book is set.

Notable citizens from Narrandera include:


List of countries by Human Development Index

This is a list of all countries by Human Development Index as included in a United Nations Development Programme's Human Development Report (released on 15 December 2020), put together based on estimates for 2019. It covers 187 member states of the United Nations (out of 193), along with Hong Kong (of the People's Republic of China), and the Palestinian territories; 6 UN member states are not included because there is not enough data. The average HDI of regions of the World and groups of countries are also included for comparison.

The Human Development Index (HDI) is a comparative measure of life expectancy, literacy, education and standards of living for countries worldwide. It is a standard way of measuring well-being, especially child welfare. It is used to distinguish whether the country is a developed, a developing or an under-developed country, and also to measure the effect of economic policies on quality of life. The index was developed in 1990 by Pakistani economist Mahbub ul Haq and Indian economist Amartya Sen.

Countries fall into four wide human development categories: Very High Human Development (66 countries), High Human Development (53 countries), Medium Human Development (37 countries) and Low Human Development (36 countries).

From 2007 to 2010, the first two categories was referred to as "developed countries", and the last two are all grouped in "developing countries". The original "high human development" category has been split into two as above in the report for 2007.

Some older groupings ("high/medium/low income countries") that have been removed were based on the gross domestic product (GDP) in purchasing power parity (PPP) per capita, and have been replaced by another index based on the gross national income (GNI) in purchasing power parity per capita.


10 highest HDIs
10 lowest HDIs

10 highest HDIs
10 lowest HDIs

10 highest HDIs
10 lowest HDIs

10 highest HDIs
10 lowest HDIs

10 highest HDIs

10 lowest HDIs

10 highest HDIs
10 lowest HDIs

10 highest HDIs
10 lowest HDIs

10 highest HDIs
10 lowest HDIs

10 highest HDIs
10 lowest HDIs

10 highest HDIs
10 lowest HDIs

10 highest HDIs
10 lowest HDIs

Note: 2009 publication uses old HDI formula

Electric flux

Imagine an electric field E passing through a surface. Consider an infinitesimal area (dA) on that surface across which E remains constant. Also assume that the angle between E and dA is i. The electric flux is defined as EdAcos(i). E and dA are vectors. Flux is the dot product of E and dA. Using full vector notation, the electric flux formula_1 through a small area formula_2 is given by

The electric flux over a surface "S" is therefore given by the surface integral:
where E is the electric field and dA is a differential area on the surface formula_5 with an outward facing surface normal defining its direction. 

For a closed Gaussian surface, electric flux is given by:
where Q is the net charge enclosed by the surface (including both free and bound charge), and ε is the electric constant. This relation is known as Gauss' law for electric field in its integral form and it is one of the four Maxwell's equations.

Electric flux is not affected by charges that are not within the closed surface. But the net electric field, E, in the Gauss' Law equation, can be affected by charges that lie outside the closed surface. Gauss' Law is true in all situations, but people can only use it to calculate when high degrees of symmetry exist in the electric field. Examples include spherical and cylindrical symmetry. Otherwise, the calculations are too hard to do by hand and must be worked out using a computer.

Electrical flux has SI units of volt metres (V m), or, equivalently, newton metres squared per coulomb . So, the SI base units of electric flux are kg•m•s•A.



Enda Kenny

Enda Kenny (born 24 April 1951) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was the Taoiseach from 2011 through 2017. Kenny has led Fine Gael from 2002 until his retirement in 2017. He served as Minister for Tourism and Trade from 1994 to 1997. He is also a two-term Vice President of the European People's Party.

Kenny has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for Mayo since 1975, having succeeded his father Henry Kenny. He is the longest-serving TD currently in Dáil Éireann, which makes him the incumbent Father of the Dáil.

Kenny led Fine Gael in the 2011 general election. He subsequently brokered an agreement with the Labour Party and formed a coalition government on 9 March 2011. He is Fine Gael's first Taoiseach since John Bruton from 1994 to 1997, and the first Fine Gael leader to win government in an election since Garret FitzGerald in 1982.

In May 2017, Kenny announced he will retire as Fine Gael leader and will resign as Taoiseach once a new leader is chosen.


SC Hakoah Graz

The Sportclub Hakoah Graz ( - strength) was a Jewish sports and football club from the Styrian capital Graz. After Sturm and GAK it was the third top league team from Graz.

The club was founded on 12 March 1919 to offer the Jewish people of Graz (around 4000) the possibility to do sports. The old club Jüdischen Turnvereins zu Graz was dissolved in 1917. Jewish officials were against the club. The club was highly accepted by the young football players.

In 1921, the football section took part in the 2.Klasse of the Styrian football championship. The first classes of the federal states were the highest, because at that time there was no Austrian-wide championship. The champion of Viennas highest league were considered Austrian champion. They played in blue and white jerseys with the Star of David on the breast. It was difficult for them to play because they had no ground of their own. Due to the antisemitism of that time other clubs often did not allow them to use their grounds. In 1923, they leased their own ground.

In the 1921/22 season, they reached the first place and were promoted to the 1. Klasse. In the 1. Klasse, the club was again confronted with antisemitism. The Deutscher Sportverein Leoben and Turnverein Leibniz did not want to play against a Jewish club. They were disqualified. During the years in the first class Hakoah often reached places on top of the table.

In 1935, the club was relegated to the 2. Klasse. The reason for this was that some players went to other clubs and some ended their career because antisemitism grew at that time. The club also lost its ground which was only leased. The contract was not prolonged. In the Second Class, they gained again strength but the occupation of Austria by Nazi Germany ended its history. The club was dissolved like all other Jewish sports clubs in Austria.


Sugar Ray Leonard

Ray Charles Leonard (born May 17, 1956), better known as Sugar Ray Leonard, is a former American boxer. He was born in Wilmington, North Carolina. Leonard is believed by many to be one of the best boxers of all times. He was named the "Boxer of the Decade" for the 1980s. Leonard retired with a record of 36 wins (25 by knockout) 3 losses and 1 draw. He also won the gold medal in the 1976 Olympics. 

His mother named him after singer Ray Charles.

Gastrolith

Gastroliths, or gizzard stones, are small rocks kept by an animal inside its stomach or at an early part of the alimentary canal. The function of these is to mash up the food so digestion takes place faster. Typically, animals which do this do not have suitable teeth for grinding, and the gastroliths are a good substitute for this. 

A second function, in aquatic animals, is that gastroliths can be used for ballast to make diving easier.

Several pieces of evidence are needed to show that a rock was used by a fossil animal to aid its digestion. First, the stone must be unlike the rock found in its geological vicinity. Secondly, it should be rounded and polished, because inside a gizzard any genuine gastrolith would grind against other stones and fibrous materials, like the action of a rock tumbler. Lastly, the stone must be found with the fossils of the animal which ingested it.

Among living vertebrates, gastroliths are common among crocodiles, alligators, herbivorous birds, seals and sea lions. Domestic fowl need access to "grit". Stones swallowed by ostriches can exceed a length of . Amphibians such as the Axolotl ingest rocks that are presumed to be gastroliths. Apparent microgastroliths have also been found in frog tadpoles. Ingestion of silt and gravel by tadpoles of various frog species improves buoyancy control.

Sauropod dinosaurs appear to have used stones to grind tough plant matter. An example of this is the early Cretaceous theropod "Caudipteryx zoui" from northeastern China. It was discovered with a series of small stones, in the area of its skeleton that would have corresponded with its abdominal region. Aquatic animals, such as plesiosaurs, may have used them as ballast, to help balance themselves or to decrease their buoyancy, as crocodiles do. Some fossil gastroliths are rounded and polished, many stones in living birds are not polished at all. Gastroliths associated with dinosaur fossils can weigh several kilograms.

Scute

A scute is a bony external plate or scale, as on the shell of a turtle, the skin of crocodiles or the feet of some birds.

Scutes are similar to scales and serve the same function. Unlike the scales of fish and snakes, which are formed from the epidermis, scutes are formed in the lower vascular layer of the skin and the epidermal element is only the top surface. Forming in the living dermis, the scutes produce a horny outer layer, that is superficially similar to that of scales. 

The dermal base may contain bone and produce dermal armour. Scutes with a bony base are properly called osteoderms. Dermal scutes are also found in the feet of birds and tails of some mammals, and are believed to be the primitive form of dermal armour in reptiles.

The term is also used to describe the heavy armour of the armadillo and the extinct glyptodon, and is occasionally used as an alternative to scales in describing snakes or certain fish, such as sturgeon.

BepiColombo

BepiColombo is a joint mission of the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) to the planet Mercury. It launched on October 20, 2018 and it is planned to arrive at Mercury On December 5, 2025.

Sputnik 2

Sputnik 2 was a Soviet Union spacecraft. It was the second spacecraft in the Sputnik programme. It was the first spacecraft to carry a living animal, a dog called Laika. It was launched on 3 October 1957 at Baikonur Cosmodrome. Scientists think that Laika died several hours after launch from overheating. The spacecraft went into orbit around Earth for roughly five months. It went down into Earth's atmosphere on 14 April 1958 and burned up.

Sputnik 2 was 4 metres (13 feet) high and its base diameter was 2 metres (6.6 feet). It was a cone-shaped and it had several different places for radio transmitters, a telemetry system, a programming unit, a regeneration and temperature control system for the spacecraft, and scientific instruments. Laika was put in a special area.


Michal Prokop

Michal Prokop (* August 13, 1946, Prague, Czechoslovakia, today Czech Republic) is a Czech singer, songwriter and politician. He is member of Framus Five. In 2007 he was inducted into the Beatová síň slávy (Beat Hall of Fame).

Megali Idea

The Megali Idea was an idea in Greek nationalism since the end of the Byzantine Empire. The goal of Megali Idea was the liberation of all Greek-inhabited lands occupied by Ottoman Empire.

Paula Fernandes

Paula Fernandes de Souza (born August 28, 1984) is a Brazilian sertanejo and country singer.


Nodosauridae

The Nodosauridae is a family of ankylosaur dinosaurs, from Upper Jurassic to Upper Cretaceous strata of what are now North America, Asia, Antarctica and Europe. They are the family of ankylosaurs which do not have club-shaped tails. They often have spikes protecting their head and shoulders.

All nodosaurs, like other ankylosaurs, are medium-sized to large, heavily built quadrupedal herbivorous dinosaurs, with small denticulate teeth and rows of osteoderms (a type of armour) on the dorsolateral (top and sides) surfaces of the body.

The following taxonomy follows Thompson "et al.", 2011 unless otherwise noted.


The clade Nodosauridae may be defined as "all ankylosaurs closer to "Panoplosaurus" than to "Ankylosaurus". Vickaryous "et al." considered the most primitive member of the Nodosauridae to be "Cedarpelta". A cladogram from a 2011 analysis is shown by Richard S. Thompson and colleagues.

French grammar

French grammar is the rules about how to speak and write the French language. It is similar to the grammar of other Romance languages. 

French is moderately inflected. This means that some words change their form in different situations.

In French, verbs are conjugated to show information. That means they change endings.

Verbs are conjugated to match with grammatical person.

Most French verbs are regular, which means that the someone can guess how to conjugate a verb based on what letters a verb ends with. However, some verbs are irregular. Irregular verbs do not follow the normal pattern of conjugation. Instead, the forms must be learned differently. An example of an irregular verb in French is "être" (to be).

Every French noun has a gender. A noun can be either masculine or feminine.

The plural of a noun usually ends with -"s". For example, dog ("chien") becomes dogs ("chiens"). However, if a noun ends in -"au", -"eu", or -"ou", it can have -"x" at the end as a plural. For example, game ("jeu") becomes games ("jeux"). If a noun already ends with -"s", -"x", or -"z", it does not change in the plural.

In French, adjectives change in order to agree with the gender and number of the noun it describes.

The word order in French is subject-verb-object. In the sentence "Je mange le gâteau" (I eat the cake), "je" (I) is the subject and "le gâteau" (the cake) is the object. However, if the object is a pronoun, it goes before the verb. If "le gâteau" is replaced by "le" (it), the sentence becomes "Je le mange" (I eat it).

Stem (linguistics)

The stem of a verb is the main part of the verb to which the endings are added.

Qinhuangdao

Qinhuangdao (秦皇岛) is a city in the north of China. It is in Hebei Province.

It is about east of Beijing, on the Bohai Sea. The city had 2,987,605 people as of 2010. Qinhuangdao is one of fourteen coastal open cities, which are important foreign trade ports in north China. It was approved as a national grade tourist city by the State Council. Famous scenic spots include Shanhaiguan and Beidaihe. Qinhuangdao City is a state-level economic and technological development zone of Qinhuangdao.

The name in Chinese means "island of the Qin Emperor" or "Emperor Qin's island", since it was where Emperor Qin Shi Huang sent men to search for immortals, or living beings who cannot die or grow old, across the sea.

Qinhuangdao City, Hebei Province, is in the northeast of China , north latitude 39 ° 24 '~ 40 ° 37', longitude 118 ° 33 '~ 119 ° 51'.  Qinhuangdao's climate is a humid, temperate, monsoon climate, influenced by the ocean.

Qinhuangdao's train station serves the Beijing-Harbin Railway, Daqin Railway and Tsuyama railway. China's first express passenger line between Qinhuangdao and Shenyang Passenger starts here. The line became the official carrier on October 12, 2013.

Qinhuangdao Shanhaiguan Airport has flights from Shijiazhuang, Wuhan and Shanghai.

Qinhuangdao's Port is one of China's bigger energy output ports. It is one of the major ports where China's Shanxi Coal can go to other countries. It is a natural, ice-free harbor.

The very important industries are glass, ship making, Metallurgy (making gold), and auto parts.

Yanshan University and the Hebei Institute of International Business and Economics (HIIBE) is in Qinhuangdao.


Penghu

The Penghu Islands, also known as Pescadores (from Portuguese: "fishermen") are an archipelago off the western coast of Taiwan. They are in the Taiwan Strait. The Archipelago is made up of 90 small islands and islets. It covers an area of .

The whole archipelago forms Penghu County under Taiwan Province in the Republic of China. The archipelago and the island of Taiwan together formed the former Japanese territory of Formosa.

Yanshan University

Yanshan University is a university in Qinhuangdao, Hebei, China.


Insertion device

In physics, an insertion device is a group of magnets that can be placed on a straight segment of a particle accelerator to be a synchrotron light source. They are called an "insertion devices" because they replace pipe that otherwise would hold the vacuum needed to maintain the particle beam path. Many times, insertion devices are used on the circular path of a synchrotron or a storage ring.

There are two types of insertion devices. Undulators make electromagnetic radiation that is tuned to a narrow frequency range. Wigglers make a wide range of electromagnetic radiation frequencies.

Beamline

In particle physics, a beamline is the path in a particle accelerator of the particles.

In materials science, physics, chemistry, and molecular biology, a beamline leads to the experimental endstation utilizing particle beams from a particle accelerator, synchrotron light obtained from a synchrotron, or neutrons from a spallation source or research reactor.

In particle accelerators, the beamline is usually housed in a tunnel and/or underground, cased inside a cement housing. The beamline is usually cylindrical metal. Typical names include, "beam pipe", and/or a blank section called a "drift tube". This entire section must be under a good vacuum in order to have the beam travel for a long distance.

A survey and alignment crew carefully align the beamline segments by using a laser tracker. All beamlines must be within micrometre tolerance. Good alignment helps to prevent beam loss, and beam from colliding with the pipe walls, which creates secondary emissions and/or radiation.

Regarding synchrotrons, a beamline is the instrumentation that carries beams of synchrotron radiation to an experimental end station, which uses the radiation produced by the bending magnets and insertion devices in the storage ring of a synchrotron light source. A typical application for this kind of beamline is crystallography. Scientists also use synchrotron light in many other ways.

A large synchrotron laboratory will have many beamlines, each optimized for a particular field of research. The differences will depend on the type of insertion device (which, in turn, determines the intensity and spectral distribution of the radiation); the beam conditioning equipment; and the experimental end station.
A typical beamline at a modern synchrotron will be 25 to 100 m (82 ft to 328 ft) long from the storage ring to the end station, and may cost up to millions of US dollars. For this reason, a synchrotron facility is often built in stages, with the first few beamlines at the start of operation, and other beamlines being added later as the funding permits.

The beamline elements are in radiation shielding enclosures, called hutches, which are the size of a small room (cabin). A typical beamline consists of two hutches, an optical hutch for the beam conditioning elements and an experimental hutch, which houses the experiment. Between hutches, the beam travels in a transport tube. People are not allowed to enter hutches when the beam shutter is open and radiation can enter the hutch. Hutches have complex safety systems with redundant interlocking functions to make sure that no one is inside the hutch when the radiation is turned on. The safety system will also shut down the radiation beam if the door to the hutch is accidentally opened when the beam is on. In this case, the beam is turned off by dumping the electron beam circulating in the synchrotron. So, opening one door will shut down all of the beamlines in the facility.

Experimenters use the following elements that are used in beamlines for conditioning the radiation beam between the storage ring and the end station:


The combination of beam conditioning devices controls the thermal load (heating caused by the beam) at the end station; the spectrum of radiation incident at the end station; and the focus or collimation of the beam. Devices along the beamline which absorb significant power from the beam may need to be actively cooled by water, or liquid nitrogen. The entire length of a beamline is normally kept under ultra high vacuum conditions.

An experimental end station in a neutron facility is called a neutron beamline. Superficially, neutron beamlines differ from synchrotron radiation beamlines mostly by the fact that they use neutrons from a research reactor or a spallation source instead of photons. The experiments usually measure neutron scattering from the sample under study.



Conférence des directeurs des écoles françaises d'ingénieurs

The Conférence des directeurs des écoles françaises d'ingénieurs (CDEFI) is a French association, established in 1976, of Grandes Écoles of engineering. The CDEFI represents the administration of all the engineering institutions.

Fred Burton

Fred Burton (born January 2, 1958) is STATFOR's vice president for intelligence. STRATFOR is a global intelligence company. Burton is thought to be "one of the world's foremost experts on security, terrorists and terrorist organizations." This basically means that he is thought to be one of the world's best intelligence workers.

He was a special agent with the U.S. Diplomatic Security Service.

Washington asked Burton to help the investigation of the assassination of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin. He used to be the deputy chief of the counter-terrorism part of the U.S. State Department's Diplomatic Security Service. He also investigated the killing of Rabbi Meir Kahane, the al Qaeda New York City bombing plots before the September 11 attacks and the Libyan-backed terrorist attacks against diplomats in Sana'a and Khartoum. He helped in the arrest of Ramzi Yousef, the mastermind of the first World Trade Center bombing in 1993.

Burton is the author of a memoir called "Ghost: Confessions of a Counterterrorism Agent". It was published by Random House in 2008. Another memoir is "Chasing Shadows: A Special Agent's Lifelong Hunt to Bring a Cold War Assassin to Justice", published by Palgrave Macmillan in 2011.

Burton was moved to the Texas Border Security Council on September 11, 2007 by Governor Rick Perry.

In August 2009 he was hired as the Texas Department of Public Safety's Assistant Director for Intelligence and Counter-Terrorism but left after 2 months. This was because he wanted to work on his writing and speaking career.


Collimated light

Collimated light is light whose rays are parallel. This light spreads slowly as it travels. The word "collimated" is related to "collinear", because all the rays in collimated light line up with each other. 

Perfectly collimated light would not spread out with distance at all. No real light is perfectly collimated. Real light will spread a little as it travels. Diffraction prevents anyone from creating a perfectly collimated beam. 

Light can be roughly collimated by using a "collimator" – a device which narrows a beam of particles or waves. 

The word "collimate" comes from the Latin verb "collimare", which originated in a misreading of "collineare", "to direct in a straight line".

Laser light from crystal and some gas lasers is highly collimated because it is formed in an optical cavity between two parallel mirrors, in addition to being coherent. The divergence of high-quality laser beams is commonly less than 1 milliradian, and can be much less for large-diameter beams. Laser diodes emit less collimated light due to their short cavity, and therefore higher collimation requires a collimating lens.

Synchrotron light is very collimated. It is produced by bending relativistic electrons around a circular track.

The light from stars (other than the Sun) can be considered collimated for almost any purpose, because they are so far away they have almost no angular size.

A perfect parabolic mirror will bring parallel rays to a focus at a single point. Conversely, a point source at the focus of a parabolic mirror will produce a beam of collimated light. Since the source needs to be small, such an optical system cannot produce much optical power. Spherical mirrors are easier to make than parabolic mirrors and they are often used to produce approximately collimated light. Many types of lenses can also produce collimated light from point-like sources.


Hispanic

Hispanic (Spanish: "Hispano", "hispánico") is a word that originally meant a relationship to Hispania. This is the Iberian Peninsula and includes Portugal, Andorra, Gibraltar and Spain. Now the word is used with a more limited meaning. 

In the United States, Hispanic and Latino are different ethnic categories. Hispanic simply means a person who comes from a country where Spanish is the official language, this includes Puerto Rico of the United States whereas Latino means a person who comes from a country in Latin America (which includes only Mexico of North America, the Caribbean, Central America, and South America). 



Spanish names, the Spanish language, and Spanish customs can also be found in other areas that were part of the Spanish and Portuguese Empires, such as in Equatorial Guinea in Africa, or in the Spanish East Indies (e.g. Philipines) and the Portuguese Brazil.

Muryeong of Baekje

Muryeong of Baekje (462–523, r. 501–23), also known as Sama, was a 6th-century Korean king. He was the 25th king of Baekje, which was one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea in ancient times. The name Muryong means "military peace". It is a name he got after death.

During Muryeong’s reign, the southwestern kingdom of Baekje was allied with its eastern rival Silla against the northern kingdom of Goguryeo.

The king is known for expanding contacts with China and Japan.

Muryeong's tomb is located in Gongju in South Chungcheong Province. It has been studied by archeologists and historians. This the only ancient tomb that has been positively identified among those of this period.

In 2001, Japan's Emperor Akihito acknowledged a distant relationship with Muryeong. He explained, "I, on my part, feel a certain kinship with Korea, given the fact that it is recorded in the "Chronicles of Japan" that the mother of Emperor Kammu was of the line of King Muryong of Baekje."



Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009

The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 (LLFPA) is an Act of Congress about pay discrimination that was signed into law by President Barack Obama on January 29, 2009.

The bill amends the Civil Rights Act of 1964 stating that the 180-day statute of limitations for filing an equal-pay lawsuit regarding pay discrimination resets with each new discriminatory paycheck. The law was a direct answer to the "Ledbetter v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.", , a U.S. Supreme Court decision holding that the statute of limitations for presenting an equal-pay lawsuit begins on the date that the employer makes the initial discriminatory wage decision, not at the date of the most recent paycheck, as a lower court had ruled.

A first bill to amend the statutory limitations period and supersede the "Ledbetter" decision was introduced in the 110th United States Congress but was never enacted, as after having been passed by the House it failed to survive a cloture vote in the Senate due to the opposition of most of the Republican Senators. 

During the campaign for the 2008 elections, the Democrats criticized Republicans for defeating the 2007 version of the bill, citing Republican presidential candidate John McCain's opposition. Then-candidate Barack Obama supported the bill.

After the 2008 election gave the Democratic Party control of both the House and Senate, a new version of the bill was introduced in the first session of the 111th United States Congress and quickly passed both bodies. It became the law signed by the new President Obama after he took office on January 20.

Lilly Ledbetter, a production supervisor at a Goodyear tire plant in Alabama, filed an equal-pay lawsuit seeking back pay for pay discrimination under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. She worked for that company for many years without learning that she was paid much less than the men holding the same job. She filed the lawsuit six months before her early retirement in 1998. The District court said her lawsuit was filed on time, but the Court of Appeals said her lawsuit was too late. Ledbetter appealed the decision to the United States Supreme Court. The Supreme Court ruled in 2007 by a 5-4 majority vote that Ledbetter's complaint was filed too late because the discriminatory decisions relating to pay had been made more than 180 days prior to the date she filed her charge, as explained by Justice Samuel Alito. The minority position explained by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg proposed an interpretation according to which the law runs from the date of any paycheck that contains an amount affected by a prior discriminatory pay decision.

The "Ledbetter" decision was cited by federal judges in 300 cases before the LLFPA was passed. These cases involved not only Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, but also the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Fair Housing Act, Patsy T. Mink Equal Opportunity in Education Act and Eighth Amendment to the Constitution.

The case had never received much attention before going to the Supreme Court, but the Court's ruling ignited legal groups on the left and Democrats that took action to transform the "Ledbetter" case into a rallying issue for the left. Some activists saw Lilly Ledbetter as an ideal standard-bearer in their attempt to persuade the public that the Supreme Court was moving too far to the right. 

Among the first to criticize the Court's decision was Marcia Greenberger, president of the National Women's Law Center, that saw in the ruling a "setback for women and a setback for civil rights" and called Ginsburg's opinion a "clarion call to the American people that this slim majority of the court is headed in the wrong direction." Debra Ness, president of the National Partnership for Women & Families, also condemned the decision, saying, “If employers can keep the discrimination hidden for a period of time, they can continue to discriminate without being held accountable.” On the other side, the majority's findings were applauded by the US Chamber of Commerce, that called it a "fair decision" that "eliminates a potential wind-fall against employers by employees trying to dredge up stale pay claims."

The House Democrats were fast to react. On June 12, the caucus spoke against the Supreme Court decision. Claiming lead from Justice Ruth Ginsburg's minority opinion, which invited the Congress to take action by amending the law, the Democrats announced their intention to intervene: House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer and Education and Labor Committee Chairman George Miller said that a bill was to be passed to avoid future court rulings in line with "Ledbetter", clearly putting that "a key provision of the legislation will make it clear that discrimination occurs not just when the decision to discriminate is made, but also when someone becomes subject to that discriminatory decision, and when they are affected by that discriminatory decision, including each time they are issued a discriminatory paycheck", as said by Rep. Miller.

Republicans immediately opposed the bill as drafted, with Education and Labor Committee ranking member Howard McKeon raising the issue that companies would be held liable for actions taken by managers who were not leading the company anymore: "At the end of the day, such a loophole conceivably could allow a retiring employee to seek damages against a company now led by executives who had nothing to do with the initial act of discrimination".

The issue divided lawyers. The American Bar Association passed a resolution supporting the new bill. Other lawyers, such as Neal Mollen, argued that extending the term limit would put a strain on the chances of an adequate defense for the employers, as to defend themselves one "has to rely on documents and the memory of individuals, and neither of those is permanent. If a disappointed employee can wait for many years before raising a claim of discrimination ... he or she can wait out the employer, that is ensure that the employer effectively unable to offer any meaningful defense to the claim".

Organizations that supported the bill included the: American Civil Liberties Union, AFL-CIO, American Federation of Teachers, National Education Association, American Rights at Work, American Library Association, People For the American Way, Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, National Employment Lawyers Association, Hadassah, National Women's Law Center, National Network to End Domestic Violence, Center for Inquiry - Washington DC
American Association of University Women, Alliance for Justice, Legal Momentum, Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, National Partnership for Women and Families, Coalition of Labor Union Women, Moms Rising, National Organization for Women, American Association of Retired Persons, Women's Voices, Women Vote Action Fund, 21st Century Democrats, 9to5, National Association of Working Women, the Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism, and Women Employed.

Organizations that opposed the bill include the: U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Eagle Forum, Society for Human Resource Management, National Association of Manufacturers, American Bakers Association, College and University Professional Association for Human Resources, Associated Builders and Contractors, and American Housing & Lodging Association.

The bill ( and ) was defeated in April 2008 by Republicans in the Senate who cited the possibility of frivolous lawsuits in their opposition of the bill and criticized Democrats for refusing to allow compromises.

The bill was re-introduced in the 111th Congress (as and ) in January 2009. It passed in the House of Representatives with 247 votes in support and 171 against. The vote was nearly perfectly split along party lines, with only three Republicans voting in favor (Ed Whitfield of Kentucky, Don Young of Alaska and Chris Smith of New Jersey) and three Democrats voting nay (Travis Childers of Mississippi, Allen Boyd of Florida, and Parker Griffith of Alabama).
The Senate voted 72 to 23 to invoke cloture on S. 181 on January 15, 2009. (The vote to invoke cloture ends debate on a bill, and usually leads to a final vote within a few days.) The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act passed the Senate, 61-36, on January 22, 2009. The votes in favor included every Democratic senator (except Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts, who was absent from the vote because of health issues) and five Republican senators. 

As president, Obama actively supported the bill. The official White House blog said:
President Obama has long championed this bill and Lilly Ledbetter's cause, and by signing it into law, he will ensure that women like Ms. Ledbetter and other victims of pay discrimination can effectively challenge unequal pay.

House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer announced that the House would vote on S.181 (the bill passed by the Senate) during the week of January 26, getting the bill to President Obama's desk sooner rather than later. On January 27, the House passed S.181 by a 250-177 margin. 

On January 29, Obama signed the bill into law. It was the first act he signed as president, and it fulfilled his campaign pledge to nullify "Ledbetter v. Goodyear". However, some newspapers criticised him for signing it only two days after it was passed by the House. The "St. Petersburg Times" which mentioned his campaign promise to give the public five days of notice to comment on legislation before he signed bills. The White House through a spokesman answered that they would be "implementing this policy in full soon", and that currently they were "working through implementation procedures and some initial issues with the congressional calendar".

International Food Policy Research Institute

The International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI) is an international agricultural research center to improve the understanding of national agricultural and food policies to promote the adoption of innovations in agricultural technology. Additionally, IFPRI researches the role of agricultural and rural development in the overall development of a country.
According to its website, IFPRI "seeks sustainable solutions for ending hunger and poverty."

IFPRI is an international research institutes funded in part by the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR). CGIAR is funded by governments, private businesses and foundations, and the World Bank.

IFPRI carries out food policy research. IFPRI communicates in publications, bulletins, conferences, and other initiatives. IFPRI was organized as a District of Columbia non-profit, non-stock corporation on March 5, 1975 and its first research bulletin was produced in February 1976. IFPRI has offices in several developing countries, including China, Ethiopia, and India. IFPRI has research staff working in many more countries around the world.

IFPRI's strategy has the areas: research, capacity strengthening, and policy communication.

Research topics have included low crop and animal productivity, and environmental degradation, water management, fragile lands, property rights, collective action, sustainable intensification of agricultural production, the impact of climate change on poor farmers, the problems and opportunities of biotechnology, food security, micronutrient malnutrition, microfinance programs, urban food security, gender and development, and resource allocation within households.

IFPRI also analyzes agricultural market reforms, trade policy, World Trade Organization negotiations in the context of agriculture, institutional effectiveness, crop and income diversification, postharvest activity, and agroindustry.

IFPRI measures the Millennium Development Goals project and supports governments in the formulation and implementation of development strategies.

Further work includes research on agricultural innovation systems and the role of capacity strengthening in agricultural development.

IFPRI publishes books, research reports, but also newsletters, briefs, and fact sheets. It is also involved in the collection of primary data and the compilation and processing of secondary data.

In 1993 IFPRI introduced its 2020 Vision Initiative. IFPRI wants to reach food security for the world by 2020.

As of 2006 IFPRI produces the Global Hunger Index (GHI) yearly measuring the progress and failure of individual countries and regions in the fight against hunger. The GHI is a collaboration of IFPRI, the Welthungerhilfe, and Concern Worldwide.

IFPRI has produced the related Hunger Index for the States of India (ISHI) (2008) and the Sub-National Hunger Index for Ethiopia (2009).

IFPRI is made up of the Office of the Director General, a Communications Division and the Finance and Administration Division, and 5 research divisions:

IFPRI hosts several research networks:

CGIAR and its agencies, including IFPRI, have been criticized for their connections to Western governments and multinational agribusiness, although its research publications have also been cited by critics of agribusiness and Genetically Modified Organisms in agriculture. IFPRI describes itself as "neither an advocate nor an opponent of genetically modified crops."


Arena rock

Event Centre rock (also known as arena rock, corporate rock, industry rock,or stadium rock) is a word to describe a form of rock music which is played, or intended to be played, in large venues, such as event centres, arenas, stadia, and open-air concert spaces. In such a way, genres which traditionally fall within the categories of event centre rock tend to be (yet not always) loud and anthemic; event centre rock is most traditionally associated with heavy metal, progressive rock, hard rock, glam metal or pop rock genres. Often, yet not always, event centre rock is categorised as being more mass-scale, commercially appealing, and radio-oriented music. Due to the often commercial nature of event centre rock, it is occasionally called corporate rock.

Event centre rock is generally associated with the grand shows that artists and groups within the style would hold. At these performances, large sound systems, and often elaborate lighting, additional effects and fireworks, would be included. The 1970s and 80s were a major period in event centre rock.

Whilst event centre rock has seen large popularity over the years, especially from the 1960s to the 1980s, it has also been criticised for its often commercial and extravagant nature, especially with regards to the shows and concert tours that event centre rock bands and artists would have. To some extent, genres such as pub rock, punk rock, indie rock and alternative rock grew as a reaction against the nature and aesthetic of event centre rock, opting for a less commercial and over-the-top style.

Famous bands associated with event centre rock include Kiss, Queen, Aerosmith, Journey, and Styx, amongst several others.


Assassination of Martin Luther King Jr.

Martin Luther King Jr., a prominent American leader of the civil rights movement and Nobel Peace Prize winner, was shot and killed at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tennessee, on April 4, 1968, at the age of 39. King was rushed to St. Joseph's Hospital, where he died at 7:05 that evening. He was a prominent leader of the Civil Rights Movement who was known for his use of nonviolence and civil disobedience.

James Earl Ray, a prisoner who ran away from the Missouri State Penitentiary, was arrested and charged with King's murder. He was sentenced to 99 years in the Tennessee State Penitentiary. He died in prison at the age of 70 due to liver failure.

The King family and others believe that a government conspiracy killed King, as Loyd Jowers said in 1993. They believe that Ray was a scapegoat. In 1999, the King family filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Jowers for $10,000,000. During the trial, both the King family and Jowers gave evidence accusing the government of a conspiracy. The government agencies that were accused could not defend themselves or respond, because they were not named as defendants. Based on the evidence, the jury concluded that Jowers and "others were part of a conspiracy to kill King."

King had clearly made enemies in his rise to fame. The Ku Klux Klan did what they could to hurt his reputation, especially in the South. Even the FBI kept a close eye on him. 

On the evening of April 4, 1968, King was standing on the balcony of his motel room in Memphis, Tennessee. He was planning to lead a protest march to support garbage workers that were on strike. At 6:01 p.m., King was shot. The bullet entered through his right cheek, and travelled down his neck. It cut the major vein and arteries in his neck before stopping in his shoulder. Unconscious, he fell violently backwards onto the balcony. 

King was rushed to St. Joseph's Hospital. His heart had stopped. Doctors cut open his chest and massaged his heart to try to keep blood and oxygen pumping through his body. However, King never became conscious again. He died at 7:05 p.m. According to Taylor Branch, King's autopsy showed that though he was only 39 years old, he had the heart of a 60-year-old man.

Civil disorder, including riots, happened after King's murder in at least 110 U.S. cities. Washington, Chicago, and Baltimore had the most damage.

On June 10, 1968, James Earl Ray was arrested in London at Heathrow Airport. Ray was extradited to the United States and charged with killing King. On March 10, 1969, Ray told the court he was guilty, and was sentenced to 99 years in the Tennessee state penitentiary. Ray later tried many times to take away his guilty plea and be tried by a jury, but he was unsuccessful.
The United States House of Representatives Select Committee on Assassinations was created in 1976 to look into the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King, Jr., and the shooting of Governor George Wallace. The Committee investigated until 1978, and put out a final report in 1979. About the King assassination, the Committee decided:
In 1999, Coretta Scott King, King's widow, and the rest of King's family won their wrongful death lawsuit against Loyd Jowers and "other unknown co-conspirators" (other people who were part of the conspiracy). Jowers claimed to have received $100,000 to arrange King's assassination. The jury of six whites and six blacks found Jowers liable for King's murder. They also found that governmental agencies were part of the assassination plot.

James Earl Ray died in prison on April 23, 1998, at the age of 70.

In 2000, the Department of Justice completed the investigation about Jowers' claims. They did not find evidence to support the accusations about conspiracy. The investigation report recommends no more investigation unless some reliable new facts are presented.

The Lorraine Motel is now a civil rights museum.


Christmas 2011 Nigeria attacks

On 25 December, 2011, there were a number of attacks on Christmas Day during church services in northern Nigeria. There were bombings and shootings at churches in Madalla (near the capital, Abuja), Jos, Gadaka and Damaturu. At least 39 people were killed. The attacks were claimed by the Islamist group Boko Haram.

Albert Leo Schlageter

Albert Leo Schlageter (12 August 1894 — 26 May 1923) was a member of the German Freikorps. His activities sabotaging French occupying troops after World War I led to his arrest and eventual execution by French forces. His death created an image of martyrdom around him, which was cultivated by German nationalist groups, in particular the Nazi Party. During the Third Reich, he was widely commemorated as a national hero.

Magnetic reluctance

Magnetic reluctance, or magnetic resistance, is a measurement used in the analysis of magnetic circuits. It is like resistance in an electrical circuit, but rather than dissipating magnetic energy it stores magnetic energy. As an electric field causes an electric current to follow the path of least resistance, a magnetic field causes magnetic flux to follow the path of least magnetic reluctance. It is a scalar, 
extensive quantity, like electrical resistance.

Reluctance is usually represented by ℜ.

The term was coined in May 1888 by Oliver Heaviside. The notion of “magnetic resistance” was first mentioned by James Joule and the term "magnetomotive force” (MMF) was first named by Bosanquet. The idea for a magnetic flux law, similar to Ohm's law for closed electric circuits, is attributed to H. Rowland.
The total reluctance is equal to the ratio of the "magnetomotive force” (MMF) in a passive magnetic circuit to the magnetic flux in this circuit. In an AC field, the reluctance is the ratio of the amplitude values for a sinusoidal MMF and magnetic flux. (see phasors)

The definition can be expressed as:

where

It is sometimes known as Hopkinson's law and is analogous to Ohm's Law with resistance replaced by reluctance, voltage by MMF and current by magnetic flux.

Magnetic flux always forms a closed loop, as described by Maxwell's equations, but the path of the loop depends on the reluctance of the surrounding materials. It is concentrated around the path of least reluctance. Air and vacuum have high reluctance. Easily magnetized materials such as soft iron have low reluctance. The concentration of flux in low-reluctance materials forms strong temporary poles and causes mechanical forces that tend to move the materials towards regions of higher flux so it is always an attractive force (pull).

The reluctance of a uniform magnetic circuit can be calculated as:

or

where

The inverse of reluctance is called "permeance".

Its SI derived unit is the henry (the same as the unit of inductance, although the two concepts are distinct).




Reluctance can also be applied to:


Triglav

Triglav is a mountain in the Alps. It is the highest mountain in Slovenia. It is also the highest peak of the Julian Alps, in the southeastern part of the Alps. 

Its name means "three-headed" in Slovene. While this can describe the mountain, it is more likely the mountain was named for the Old Slovene god, Triglav. The mountain is shown on the Flag of Slovenia. 

This mountain is in a national park.

Ampère's circuital law

Ampère's circuital law, discovered by André-Marie Ampère in 1826, relates the magnetic field around a closed loop to the electric current passing through the loop. It is now one of Maxwell's equations, which form the basis of classical electromagnetism.

The law relates magnetic fields to electric currents that produce them. A scientist can use Ampere's law to determine the magnetic field associated with a given current or current associated with a given magnetic field, if there is no time changing electric field present.
In its original form, Ampère's Circuital Law relates the magnetic field to its electric current source. 
The law can be written in two forms, the "integral form" and the "differential form". The forms are equivalent, and related by the Kelvin–Stokes theorem. It can also be written in terms of either the B or H magnetic fields. Again, the two forms are equivalent (see the "proof" section below).

Ampère's circuital law is now known to be a correct law of physics in a magnetostatic situation: The system is static except possibly for continuous steady currents within closed loops. In all other cases the law is incorrect unless Maxwell's correction is included (see below).

In SI units (the version in cgs units is in a later section), the "integral form" of the original Ampère's circuital law is:

or equivalently,
where

See below for further explanation of the curve "C" and surface "S". There are a number of ambiguities in the above definitions that require clarification and a choice of convention.

First, three of these terms are associated with sign ambiguities: the line integral formula_5 could go around the loop in either direction (clockwise or counterclockwise); the vector area dS could point in either of the two directions normal to the surface; and "I" is the net current passing through the surface "S", meaning the current passing through in one direction, minus the current in the other direction—but either direction could be chosen as positive. These ambiguities are resolved by the right-hand rule: With the palm of the right-hand toward the area of integration, and the index-finger pointing along the direction of line-integration, the outstretched thumb points in the direction that must be chosen for the vector area dS. Also the current passing in the same direction as dS must be counted as positive. The right hand grip rule can also be used to determine the signs.

Second, there are infinitely many possible surfaces "S" that have the curve "C" as their border. (Imagine a soap film on a wire loop, which can be deformed by moving the wire). Which of those surfaces is to be chosen? If the loop does not lie in a single plane, for example, there is no one obvious choice. The answer is that it does not matter; it can be proven that any surface with boundary "C" can be chosen.

By the Kelvin–Stokes theorem, this equation can also be written in a "differential form". Again, this equation only applies in the case where the electric field is constant in time; see below for the more general form. In SI units, the equation states:

where

The electric current that arises in the simplest textbook situations would be classified as "free current." For example, the law can apply to the current that passes through a wire or battery. In contrast, "bound current" arises in the context of bulk materials that can be magnetized and/or polarized. (All materials can to some extent.) 

When a material is magnetized (for example, by placing it in an external magnetic field), the electrons remain bound to their respective atoms, but behave as if they were orbiting the nucleus in a particular direction, creating a microscopic current. When the currents from all these atoms are put together, they create the same effect as a macroscopic current, circulating perpetually around the magnetized object. This magnetization current J is one contribution to "bound current". 

The other source of bound current is bound charge. When an electric field is applied, the positive and negative bound charges can separate over atomic distances in polarizable materials, and when the bound charges move, the polarization changes, creating another contribution to the "bound current", the polarization current J.

The total current density J due to free and bound charges is then:

with J the "free" or "conduction" current density.

All current is fundamentally the same, microscopically. There are often practical reasons for wanting to treat bound current differently from free current. For example, the bound current usually originates over atomic dimensions, and one may wish to take advantage of a simpler theory intended for larger dimensions. The result is that the more microscopic Ampère's law, expressed in terms of B and the microscopic current (which includes free, magnetization and polarization currents), is sometimes put into the equivalent form below in terms of H and the free current only. For a detailed definition of free current and bound current, and the proof that the two formulations are equivalent, see the "proof" section below.

Two issues regarding Ampère's law are important. First, there is an issue regarding the continuity equation for electrical charge. There is a theorem in vector calculus that states the divergence of a curl must always be zero. Hence 

and so the original Ampère's law implies that 

But in general 

which is non-zero for a time-varying charge density. An example occurs in a capacitor circuit where time-varying charge densities exist on the plates.

Second, there is an issue regarding the propagation of electromagnetic waves. For example, in free space, where 

Ampère's law implies that 

but instead 

To treat these situations, the contribution of displacement current must be added to the current term in Ampère's law. 

James Clerk Maxwell conceived of displacement current as a polarization current in the dielectric vortex sea, which he used to model the magnetic field with water (hydrodynamically) and with mechanical systems (mechanically). He added this displacement current to Ampère's circuital law at equation (112) in his 1861 paper "" .

In free space, the displacement current is related to the time rate of change of electric field.

In a dielectric the above contribution to displacement current is also present, but a major contribution to the displacement current is related to the polarization of the individual molecules of the dielectric material. Even though charges cannot flow freely in a dielectric, the charges in molecules can move a little under the influence of an electric field. The positive and negative charges in molecules separate under the applied field, causing an increase in the state of polarization, expressed as the polarization density P. A changing state of polarization is equivalent to a current.

Both contributions to the displacement current are combined by defining the displacement current as:

where the electric displacement field is defined as:

where ε is the electric constant, "ε" the relative static permittivity, and P is the polarization density. Substituting this form for D in the expression for displacement current, it has two components:

The first term on the right hand side is present everywhere, even in a vacuum. It doesn't involve any actual movement of charge, but it nevertheless has an associated magnetic field, as if it were an actual current. Some authors apply the name "displacement current" to only this contribution.

The second term on the right hand side is the displacement current as originally conceived by Maxwell, associated with the polarization of the individual molecules of the dielectric material. 

Maxwell's original explanation for displacement current focused upon the situation that occurs in dielectric media. In the modern post-aether era, the concept has been extended to apply to situations with no material media present, for example, to the vacuum between the plates of a charging vacuum capacitor. The displacement current is justified today because it serves several requirements of an electromagnetic theory: correct prediction of magnetic fields in regions where no free current flows; prediction of wave propagation of electromagnetic fields; and conservation of electric charge in cases where charge density is time-varying. For greater discussion see Displacement current.

Ampère's equation was extended by including the polarization current, thereby remedying the limited applicability of the original Ampère's circuital law.

Treating free charges separately from bound charges, Ampère's equation including Maxwell's correction in terms of the H-field is (the H-field is used because it includes the magnetization currents, so J does not appear explicitly, see H-field and also Note):

(integral form), where H is the magnetic H field (also called "auxiliary magnetic field", "magnetic field intensity", or just "magnetic field", D is the electric displacement field, and J is the enclosed conduction current or free current density. In differential form,

On the other hand, treating all charges on the same footing (disregarding whether they are bound or free charges), the generalized Ampère's equation (also called the Maxwell–Ampère equation) is (see the "proof" section below):

in integral form. In differential form,

In both forms J includes magnetization current density as well as conduction and polarization current densities. That is, the current density on the right side of the Ampère–Maxwell equation is:

where current density J is the "displacement current", and J is the current density contribution actually due to movement of charges, both free and bound. Because , the charge continuity issue with Ampère's original formulation is no longer a problem. Because of the term in "ε∂E / ∂t", wave propagation in free space now is possible.
With the addition of the displacement current, Maxwell was able to hypothesize (correctly) that light was a form of electromagnetic wave. See electromagnetic wave equation for a discussion of this important discovery.

In cgs units, the integral form of the equation, including Maxwell's correction, reads
where "c" is the speed of light.

The differential form of the equation (again, including Maxwell's correction) is




United States Air Force Academy

The United States Air Force Academy ("USAFA" or "Air Force") is an American military college. It was created in 1954. The Acadey is an accredited college for the undergraduate education of people who want to be officers for the United States Air Force. The college is north of Colorado Springs in El Paso County. The Academy's goal is "to educate, train, and inspire men and women to become officers of character, motivated to lead the United States Air Force in service to our nation." It is the youngest of the five United States service academies. The Academy had its first graduation in 1959. Graduates of the Academy's four-year program get a Bachelor of Science degree. Most become second lieutenants in the United States Air Force.

The Academy is one of the largest tourist attractions in Colorado. More than a million people visit it each year. Students are called "cadets".

The Air Force Academy is one of the most selective colleges in the United States. "U.S. News and World Report" recently ranked it tied for 5th place in the category Undergraduate Engineering Programs. "Forbes" magazine, in 2009, ranked the Academy the #2 public college in the United States and the #7 college overall in its "America's Best Colleges 2009" publication. People wanting to study at the Academy are judged on their academic achievement, leadership, athletics and character. They must pass a fitness test, pass a medical examination, and be nominated by the member of Congress where they live. Recent classes have had about 1,400 cadets. Normally, under 1,000 of the cadets will graduate. The cost of going to the Academy, Housing and food are paid for by the U.S. government. Cadets are paid monthly while at the Academy but they must be a part of the military for a number of years after they graduate.

The program at the Academy is based on the Air Force's core values. These are ""Integrity First, Service Before Self, and Excellence in All We Do"". They are also based on four "pillars of excellence": military training, academics, athletics and character development. Cadets study military training and large curriculum in engineering, humanities, social sciences, basic sciences, military studies and physical education. All cadets take part in athletics. The academy has a character development and leadership curriculum.
The National Security Act of 1947 started the Air Force within the United States military. Secretary of the Air Force W. Stuart Symington made an agreement where up to 25% of West Point and Annapolis graduates could ask to become officers in the new Air Force. This was only meant to happen for a short time. Disagreements between the parts of the military led to the creation of the Service Academy Board. It was created by Secretary of Defense James Forrestal. In January 1950, the Service Academy Board was controlled by Dwight D. Eisenhower. He was the president of Columbia University at the time. The board said that the two U.S. service academies were not able to train enough officers for the Air Force. They decided that an air force academy was needed. President Eisenhower signed a law on 1 April 1954 to begin building the Air Force Academy.

On 7 October 1975, President Gerald R. Ford signed a law that let women study at the United States service academies. On 26 June 1976, 157 women went to the Air Force Academy. . On 28 May 1980, 97 of them finished the program and graduated from the Academy. They made up about 10% of the graduating class. Women now make up about 20% of the classes.

The first Honor scandal happened in 1965. A cadet who was leaving the Academy said that more than 100 cadets had been part of a cheating ring. One hundred and nine cadets had to leave the Academy. Cheating scandals were at the Academy again in 1967, 1972, 1984, 2004. and 2007. After each scandal, the Academy tried to learn why the cheating took place. They also looked at complaints that the academic system put too much pressure on the cadets. Changes were made to try to reduce the events from happening again.

In 2005, there were complaints that some Evangelical Christian cadets and staff were trying to convert others to their religion at the Academy. Because of this and how the Air Force deals other religious issues, Academy graduate Michael L. Weinstein filed a lawsuit against the Air Force.



Climbing route

A climbing route is a trail that a mountain climber uses to go up a mountain.
It is often simply called a "climb".

Examples : on and on are climbing routes.

The difficulties and lengths of climbing routes (as well as descriptions and photographies) can be found in books called climbing guides. For instance, is a climbing guide that describes climbing routes of North America.

Chillán

Chillán is a city and commune of the central south of Chile. It has a population of 161.953 people (2002 census). the city was founded in 1580 as "San Bartolomé de Chillán". It is the capital of the Ñuble Region.


Summit

The summit is the top of a mountain or hill. In geography, the elevation of mountains is measured. The elevation is the difference in height between sea level and the top of a mountain or hill. A peak is a pointed mountain, though not always.

Femoral artery

The femoral artery is the large artery that takes oxygen rich blood to a human's legs. Coming from the heart the blood flows along the iliac artery which then divides into the two (bifurcates) femoral arteries, to supply blood to each leg. The artery is very close to the surface where it passes through the groin.

Enterotype

An enterotype is a classification of gut flora. It is based on the ecosystem in the human intestinal system. The classification is done by identifying the bacteria and protists which live there. This is called the "human gut biome". 

Research shows there are three distinct ecosystems in the guts of people. People can be classified into one of three groups based on the bacteria in their intestines. The enterotype of each person is set while the person is an infant. 

The enterotype affects how well a person can digest food or absorb drugs. Chimpanzees have enterotypes that look similar to human enterotypes.

Type 1 has high levels of "Bacteroides". "Prevotella" are common in Type 2. Type 3 has high levels of "Ruminococcus".

Amy Pond

Amelia Jessica 'Amy' Pond is a fictional character on the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". She is played by Karen Gillan. Amy is a companion of the main character, The Doctor, in his eleventh form. Much of Amy's part in the story is about her relationship with Rory Williams. They get married in the sixth series, and Amy gives birth to their daughter, Melody. It is later shown that Melody grows up to be the character River Song.

Amelia Pond is first seen in the first episode of the 2010 series, "The Eleventh Hour". She is a seven-year-old girl living with only her aunt, Sharon. She asks the Doctor to look at a strange crack in her wall. He is interrupted by the TARDIS. The Doctor tells Amelia that he will be back in five minutes. He does not get back for twelve years. During this time, Amelia's family and friends think The Doctor is her imaginary friend. She is treated by four psychiatrists because she keeps telling people that the "Raggedy Doctor" is real. She bites them when they tell her the Doctor is imaginary. When the Doctor returns, Amy is nineteen years old. She is working as a kissogram. Amy helps the Doctor save Earth from the Atraxi. Because of the unusual condition of the TARDIS, Amy does not see the Doctor again for two years. He asks her to travel with him. She says she will go with him, but only if he will bring her back by the next morning. She does not tell him that her wedding is the next day.

At the end of "Flesh and Stone", Amy tells the Doctor about her wedding to Rory. Because of "pre-wedding jitters", she tries to seduce him. The Doctor then finds Rory and takes him and Amy to 16th century Venice. At this point in time, Rory travelling with them. In "Amy's Choice", Amy has to deal with her feelings for the Doctor and Rory. She sees how much she loves Rory. At the end of "Cold Blood", Rory is killed and removed from history by the cracks in the universe. Amy no longer remembers him. The Doctor takes Amy to her favourite places because he feels guilty about Rory. In 19th century France, Amy forms a friendship with painter Vincent Van Gogh. Van Gogh shows a romantic interest in Amy. In "The Pandorica Opens", Rory is found in 102 AD as a Roman centurion. Amy starts to remember him.,As she remembers, it is shown that the centurion Rory is only an Auton—living plastic that looks and acts like Rory. It was made from Amy's memories to trap the Doctor. Rory tries to fight his programming but fails. He shoots and kills Amy. Amy's body is put in the Pandorica. It is a "perfect prison". It was built to keep any person trapped in it alive forever. Auton Rory guards the Pandorica while Amy is inside. She is kept inside while her body is healed. In 1996, the Pandorica is finally opened, and she is set free, by the younger Amy Pond.

The Doctor learns that Amy is connected to the cracks in the universe. He sees that they come from a temporal explosion on the date of her wedding. He talks to Amy about her house. He tells her that it is too big for only her and her aunt. Amy learns that her family had been erased by the crack in her wall. She had forgotten them. The Doctor helps her remember them. He uses the Pandorica to reset the universe and finds the sleeping Amelia on the night they met. He tells her the story of how he borrowed the TARDIS from his own people. He tells her that it is "old and new," and "big and small" and "the bluest blue that there is". He then steps into the crack in her wall to closes the cracks forever. Amy wakes up on her wedding day and is reunited with her parents. She marries Rory. At the reception, she sees that River Song's diary about time spent with the Doctor is now empty. This causes Amy to start remembering things. She says that her "Raggedy Doctor" was real and her memory of him brings him back to reality. After this, Amy and Rory choose to go with the Doctor again. They are dropped off at a "honeymoon planet" between the end of "The Big Bang" and the start of "Death of the Doctor". Part of their honeymoon is on an interstellar cruise ship that the Doctor stops from crashing into a populated planet.

In the 2011 series, after an unknown amount of time, Amy and Rory return to the present. They go back to living a normal life until Amy gets an anonymous "TARDIS blue" invitation to the Utah desert. In the desert, she and Rory find the Doctor. He has aged almost 200 years since they left the TARDIS. They learn that River Song was also invited to this place. They group sees the Doctor's killed by an astronaut. They learn that the older Doctor also invited a younger version of himself. They travel with him to 1969 Washington, D.C. to investigate strange things involving the Silence. The silence is an alien race who cannot be remembered. After a person met one of the silence, they would forget everything about them as soon as they could no longer see them. While there, Amy tells the Doctor she is pregnant. She later shoots a person in an astronaut suit trying to save the future Doctor's life. She sees that the person in the suit is just a little girl. When the Doctor asks Amy later about the pregnancy, she tells him that she was wrong. The Doctor tries to learn more but learns nothing. In "Day of the Moon", Amy finds strange pictures of the astronaut girl in an old orphanage. In one of the pictures, She is holding a baby. She sees the little girl again as well as two Silence. Amy is kidnapped by the Silence. She is set free by the Doctor, Rory, and River a few days later.

During the first six episodes, Amy keeps having strange visions of a woman in an eye-patch. The woman keeps saying that "she must be dreaming". In "The Almost People" it is shown that the Amy with the Doctor is actually an avatar version. It was created with "the Flesh" brought to life by Amy's consciousness. The Doctor destroys it and he and Rory go to find the real Amy. She is, at that time, beginning to have her baby. Amy gives birth to her daughter Melody Pond. In "A Good Man Goes to War", the baby is kidnapped by the eye-patched woman, Madame Kovarian. Korvarian replaced the baby with a "Flesh" version. It is shown at the end of the episode that the name Melody Pond, when translated into an alien language is River Song. River is Amy and Rory's daughter. "Let's Kill Hitler" shows how Melody had regenerated into Mels. Mels was the childhood friend of Amy and Rory. Amy named her daughter after Mels. The episode does not show her true identity until she regenerates into River Song after being shot by Hitler. The episode also shows how Amy and Rory fell in love. In "The God Complex" the Doctor has to break Amy's faith in him. He learns that she is the reason they are brought to a prison for a being that kills by feeding on faith. The Doctor says goodbye to Rory and Amy after giving them a house and car. In "Closing Time" Amy makes a cameo appearance. It is shown that she has become a model and the face of Petrichor perfume.

In "The Wedding of River Song," Amy leads a secret organisation. Rory works for her. The Doctor and River meet again in an alternate reality after River stopped the Doctor being killed by the astronaut. Amy remembers all of her past with the Doctor but cannot remember Rory. Amy finally remembers Rory when she saves him from the Silence. She kills Madame Kovarian for taking away Melody. Reality is restored when the Doctor and River marry. Amy and Rory are back at home. They have had no contact with the Doctor since "The God Complex," but they still remember the alternate events. Later River tells Amy that the Doctor did not die in Utah and is in fact alive.

In December 2011, the BBC's Steven Moffat confirmed that Amy and Rory would be leaving the series in 2012 in "heartbreaking" circumstances.

"Doctor Who" executive producer and main writer Steven Moffat came up with the name for the character. In an interview with Kat Angus of "Dose" magazine, "Doctor Who" writer Russell T Davies said, "So when the new series starts next year with the new Doctor, you don’t just get Matt Smith coming on, you also get Karen Gillan as his new companion. I think Amy Pond will be hugely welcomed, because ... I think he does need someone. A lot of these stories prove that. There’s been a huge, empty space on the TARDIS for a long time now and I think her arrival will be every bit as big as Matt’s. It’s really exciting, and everything I’ve heard about Karen is that she’s brilliant. It’s one of our plans that I’m most pleased with, actually. We’ve held off on companions for a long time, so you’ll get rewarded with a great, big, strong character in Amy Pond, when she arrives. I think that plan’s been good." Gillan said in an interview with the "Radio Times" that she was to play Amy Pond with her natural Scottish accent, She auditioned for the part in both her natural accent and with an English one. Gillan has said that she feels using her Scottish accent better fits the character.

Gillan, like some of the people who had been the Doctor's companion before her, had already been on "Doctor Who" in a smaller role. Gillan was a soothsayer in the episode "The Fires of Pompeii". It was broadcast in 2008.

Steven Moffat said of the casting for the character,

Gillan said she was happy to have been cast in the role. She says, "I am absolutely over the moon at being chosen to play the Doctor's new companion. The show is such a massive phenomenon that I can't quite believe I am going to be a part of it. Matt Smith is an incredible actor and it is going to be so much fun to act alongside him – I just can't wait to get started." The role of the young Amelia was played by Gillan's 10-year-old cousin, Caitlin Blackwood. Gillan asked producers to let her cousin play the part, but Blackwood still had to audition. On set was the first time Gillan and Blackwood had actually met each other.

When "The Eleventh Hour" was first shown, two viewers quoted in "The Telegraph" said that Amy's character was too "sexy" for a family programme like "Doctor Who". Executive producer Piers Wenger said that Amy was meant to be "feisty and outspoken and a bit of a number. Amy is probably the wildest companion that the Doctor has travelled with, but she isn’t promiscuous."

In an online poll, with 3,000 people, taken in late 2010, Amy Pond was listed as the fifth most popular companion.


Emperor Kōnin

Before he became the monarch, this prince's personal name ("imina") was 

Kōnin had five wives and seven Imperial sons and daughters.


Emperor Kōnin is traditionally venerated at his tomb; the Imperial Household Agency designates "Tahara no Higashi no Misasagi" in Nara as the location of Kōnin's mausoleum.

The years of Kōnin's reign are more specifically identified by more than one era name ("nengō").


Monroe, Louisiana

Monroe is the eighth most populous city in the U.S. state of Louisiana. It is the parish seat of Ouachita Parish. In 2020, 47,702 people lived there.


Terrazzo

Terrazzo is a building material that has the cross-section of polished rock chips decorating its appearance.
It is a composite material made up of chips surrounded by a binder. It is poured in place or precast. It is used for floors or walls. It consists of marble, quartz, granite, glass or other suitable chips, sprinkled or unsprinkled, and poured with a binder that is cement-like, chemical or a combination of both. Terrazzo is cured, ground and polished to a smooth surface. Sometimes, it is finished to produce a uniformly textured surface that is not flat.

Terrazzo artisans create walkways, floors, patios, and panels by exposing marble chips and other fine aggregates on the surface of finished concrete or epoxy-resin. Much of the preliminary work of terrazzo workers is similar to that of cement masons. Marble-chip, cementitious terrazzo requires three layers of materials. First, cement masons or terrazzo workers build a solid, level concrete foundation that is 3 to 4 inches (7.6 cm to 10 cm) deep. After the forms are removed from the foundation, workers add a 1-inch (2.54 cm) layer of sandy concrete. Before this layer sets, terrazzo workers partially embed metal divider strips in the concrete wherever there is to be a joint or change of color in the terrazzo. For the final layer, terrazzo workers blend and place into each of the panels a fine marble chip mixture that may be color-pigmented. While the mixture is still wet, workers toss additional marble chips of various colors into each panel and roll a lightweight roller over the entire surface.

In the 1970s, polymer-based terrazzo was introduced and is called thin-set terrazzo. Initially polyester and vinyl ester resins were used as the binder resin. Today, most of the terrazzo installed is epoxy terrazzo. The advantages of this material over cement-based terrazzo include: a wider selection of colors, 1/4 inch to 3/8 inch (.63 cm to .95 cm) installation thickness, lighter weight, faster installation, impermeable finish, higher strength, and cracking less. The disadvantage of epoxy resin based terrazzo is that it can only be used inside, not outside buildings. Epoxy-based terrazzo will lose its color and slightly peel when used outdoors. Cement-based terrazzo will not.

In addition to marble aggregate blends, other aggregates have been used such as mother of pearl and abalone shell. Recycled aggregates include: glass, porcelain, concrete and metal. Shapes and medallions can be fabricated on site by bending divider strips or off site by water-jet cutting.

When the terrazzo is thoroughly dry (or cured in the case of thin-set terrazzo), helpers grind it with a terrazzo grinder, which is somewhat like a floor polisher, only much heavier. Slight depressions left by the grinding are filled with a matching grout material and hand-troweled for a smooth, uniform surface. Terrazzo contractors then clean, polish, and seal the dry surface for a finish that shines.

Venetian construction workers invented terrazzo for use as a low cost flooring material using leftover marble chips from upscale jobs. The workers would usually set them in clay to surface the patios around their living quarters. Consisting originally of marble chips, clay, and goat milk (as the sealer), production of terrazzo became much easier after the 1920s and the introduction of electric industrial grinders and other power equipment.

Newly-set terrazzo will not look like marble unless it is wet. So, they used the goat's milk to act as a sealer and preserving the wet and marble-like look.

Archaeologists use the word "terrazzo" to describe the floors of early neolithic buildings (PPN A and B, ca. 9,000–8,000 BC) in Western Asia, that are constructed of burnt lime and clay, colored red with ochre and polished. The embedded crushed limestone gives it a slightly mottled appearance.
The use of fire to produce burnt lime, which was also used for the hafting of implements, predates the use of pottery by almost a thousand years.
In the early Neolithic settlement of Cayönü in eastern Turkey ca. 90 m² of terrazzo floors have been uncovered. The floors of the PPN B settlement of Nevali Cori measure about 80 m². They are 15 cm thick, and contain about 10-15 % lime.

Other sites with terrazzo floors include Nevali Cori, Göbekli Tepe, Jericho, and Kastros (Cyprus).

Terrazzo flooring is an original recycled product, created centuries ago by Venetian workers using the waste chips from slab marble processing. Today Terrazzo continues to provide environmentally friendly durability and low maintenance, typically lasting the life of the building. With no volatile organic compounds (VOC), it earns further point on indoor air quality ratings. Recycled content is still a standard feature of modern terrazzo. 

Terrazzo aggregates, binders and finished flooring systems can contribute to U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) credits, under the LEED-NC rating system, version 2.2. 

The evaluation of a construction product for its environmental impact considers the longevity of the material, the composition, recycled materials, maintenance requirements, embodied energy, and lifetime environmental impact. 

Durability is at the core of green construction. Terrazzo flooring can be refinished repeatedly, reusing instead of replacing materials. It can be restored to its original luster at a fraction of the cost of replacement. Even century-old floors have generally proven need little more than minor repairs and refinishing to return them to their original beauty.

Terrazzo flooring (both cement and thin-set epoxy) also requires only minimal, low-cost maintenance. Routine maintenance should be no more than dry and damp mopping, with an occasional spray buffing. Waxing or chemical cleaners only serve to cloud or damage the finish. Annual stripping and resealing can be done with water-based products. 

Terrazzo is composed of naturally occurring aggregates, recycled glass or plastic and processed cement or epoxy binders. The binders constitute 25-30 percent of the volume of a floor; the remainder is composed of aggregates, pigments and fillers. 

Post-consumer recycled glass or post-industrial stone from slab granite and marble processing increase the amount of recycled content in Terrazzo, along with recycled aluminum divider strips.

Both cement-based and thin-set epoxy Terrazzo systems are made of zero VOC materials. Terrazzo produces little or no off-gassing over the life of a cured floor. The non-porous Terrazzo finish resists microbial growth and moisture. 

The potential for local sourcing is another environmental strength of Terrazzo. Manufactured on site, Terrazzo installations generally produce minimal post-commercial waste and save on transportation costs. 

On typical projects, Terrazzo can realistically contribute to five LEED credits: MRcr4 (2), MRcr5 (2) EQcr4 (1). Terrazzo may also potentially contribute to MRcr1 (1), and in extreme cases, ldcr1 (1), for a total of eight points.


Henry (unit)

In physics, and electronics, the henry (symbol H) is the SI unit of inductance. It is named after Joseph Henry (1797–1878), the American scientist who discovered electromagnetic induction. (In England, Michael Faraday (1791–1867) discovered the same thing independently. They discovered it at about the same time.) The magnetic permeability of a complete vacuum is 4π×10 H/m (henry per meter).

The National Institute of Standards and Technology provides guidance for American users of SI to write the plural as henries. People do not capitalize unit names.

If the rate of change of current in a circuit is one ampere per second and the resulting electromotive force is one volt, then the inductance of the circuit is one henry. Other equivalent combinations of SI units are as follows:

where

A = ampere
<br>C = coulomb
<br>F = farad
<br>J = joule
<br>kg = kilogram
<br>m = meter
<br>s = second
<br>Wb = weber
<br>T = tesla
<br>V = volt
<br>Ω = ohm


Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.

Maccabi Tel Aviv Football Club (; "Moadon Kaduregel Maccabi Tel Aviv") is an Israeli football club. It is one of the oldest clubs in Israeli football. The club is also the most successful. They have won 18 championships, 22 national cups, 2 Asian Champions Cups and 3 Toto cups. The homeground of the team is the Bloomfield Stadium in Tel Aviv, where also the city rival Hapoel Tel Aviv is playing.
The club was founded in 1906. It was the first Jewish football club in Ottoman Palestine. The name was then Rishon Lezion-Yafo. The first match was a 3-0 win against a team of French sailors. After the foundation of Tel Aviv in 1909 the clubs name was changed into Maccabi Tel Aviv. Maccabi was founding member of the Palestine Football Association and the Palestine League.
In 1936 the club was invited to play in the United States. On the way Maccabi played in France versus Racing Paris and Olympique Lille. In the United States they played against an All-star team of New York City at Yankee Stadium. Maccabi also defeated the American Soccer League team in Brooklyn and Philadelphia on their home ground 1–0. Other matches were against St. Louis Stars and the Boston Celtics. They played also in Canada, where they drew 1–1 with Toronto All-Stars. In 1939 they played 18 matches in Australia.

After the independence in 1948 Tel Aviv was the most successful club in Israel's top league. 

The 1950s decade is considered to be their "golden age" because they won 5 league championships and 4 cups. The club was almost relegated in 1976 but beat Beitar Jerusalem in the relegation play-off.

In the 2011/12 season they reached the group stage of the UEFA Europa League. The team played versus PSV Eindhoven, Rapid Bucharest and Legia Warsaw. They failed to reach the next stage (2 wins, 1 draw, 3 lost).

"As of 13 October 2011"

In an Israel team only 5 foreigners are allowed. The foreigners are:


Ceiling balloon

A ceiling balloon is used by meteorologists to determine the height of the base of clouds above ground level during daylight hours. The principle behind the ceiling balloon is a balloon with a known ascent rate (how fast it climbs) and determining how long the balloon rises until it disappears into the cloud. Ascent rates yield the ceiling height.

Chiyono Hasegawa

Cooper and Hasegawa were, after the death of Italianwoman Venere Pizzinato who was just three days younger than Hasegawa and died 4 months before Hasegawa, the last two living people born in 1896.

Hasegawa was visited by Governor Furukawa of Saga Prefecture at her nursing home on Senior Citizen's Day in September 2008.

Hasegawa died of natural causes at 8.28am on 2 December 2011, just 12 days after celebrating her 115th birthday, and was succeeded as the oldest living Japanese person by Jiroemon Kimura, and as the oldest living Japanese woman by Koto Okubo. Hasegawa, Kimura and Okubo were the first three Japanese persons who became 115 years old after 116-year-old Tane Ikai's death in July 1995.


ASTech Paris Région

ASTech Paris Région is a French group of aerospace engineering companies and research centres. It is in the region of Île-de-France in the middle of France and is mainly concentrated in and around the city of Paris.

There are over 500 companies, including Dassault Aviation, Airbus and Air France Industries. About 100.000 people work there in the aviation and space flight industries.

The headquarters of ASTech is in Paris–Le Bourget Airport. The chairman of the group is Sébastien Courrech.


Shantungosaurus

Shantungosaurus was a huge hadrosaur found in the Upper Cretaceous Wangshi Formation of the Shandong Peninsula in China. It was the largest known hadrosaur.

The skeleton of a medium-sized individual mounted at the Geological Institute of China in Beijing is in length, and the type skull is long. The weight of this genus is estimated at up to . With a composite mounted skeleton 17 meters long (55.7 ft) it is the largest known ornithischian and the largest non-sauropod dinosaur. 

It had an unusually long tail, presumably to counterbalance the great weight of the body at the animal's hips.

Like all hadrosaurs its beak was toothless, but its jaws were packed with around 1,500 tiny chewing teeth. A large hole near its nostrils may have been covered by a loose flap, which could be inflated to make sounds.

First described in 1973, "Shantungosaurus" is known from five incomplete skeletons.

Tera Patrick

Tera Patrick (born July 25, 1976) is a former American pornographic actress and adult model. Her real name is Linda Ann Hopkins. She has also used the aliases Tara Patrick, Sadie Jordan, Brooke Thomas and Tera Hopkins. Tera Patrick was born in Great Falls, Montana. She acted in about 120 adult movies.

Patrick has been in "Playboy" and "Penthouse". In "Penthouse" she was the "Pet of the Month" for February 2000.


Rhabdodontidae

Rhabdodontids were herbivorous ornithopod dinosaurs from the Cretaceous. They were similar to large, robust hypsilophodonts, with deep skulls and jaws. The family were defined as "the most recent common ancestor of "Zalmoxes robustus" and "Rhabdodon priscus" and all the descendants of this common ancestor". In 2005, Paul Sereno defined the family as "the most inclusive clade containing "Rhabdodon priscus" but not "Parasaurolophus walkeri"". The Rhabdodontidae includes the type genus "Rhabdodon", "Zalmoxes", "Mochlodon", and possibly "Muttaburrasaurus". Rhabdodontid fossils have been found in Europe and Australia in formations from 100 to 65 million years ago.

Citizens' Councils

The White Citizens' Council was an American group of people who believed that white people were better than black people (white supremacy). It began on July 11, 1954. After 1956, it was called the Citizens' Councils of America. With about 60,000 members, mostly in the South, many people knew the group because it opposed racial integration during the 1950s and 1960s. It responded to integration efforts with economic boycotts and other intimidation against black activists, including depriving them of jobs. The WCC was a part of the "massive resistance" in the South against court decisions that required racial integration.

Federal civil rights legislation passed in the mid-1960s over the opposition of the WCC. By the 1970s, the federal government was working hard to enforce those laws. So, the influence of the WCC dropped very much. People in the WCC went on to found the Council of Conservative Citizens in the 1985.



United States Naval Academy

The United States Naval Academy (also known as USNA, Annapolis, or Navy) is a four-year coeducational federal service academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Secretary of the Navy George Bancroft began it in 1845. It is the second-oldest of the United States' five service academies. It educates officers mostly to join the United States Navy and Marine Corps. The campus is on the former grounds of Fort Severn where the Severn River flows into Chesapeake Bay. It is about east of Washington, D.C. and southeast of Baltimore, Maryland. The entire campus is a National Historic Landmark. The campus has many historic sites, buildings, and monuments. One monument is the Herndon Monument, once a year the upper three classes add grease and challenge the freshmen to reach the tip (usually unsuccessfully).

Candidates for admission generally must both apply directly to the academy and receive a nomination, usually from a congressman. The candidates lacking in academics can potentially receive a nomination to the Naval Academy Preparatory School located in Newport, Rhode Island. Students are officers-in-training and are called "Midshipmen". The Navy pays for the Midshipmen's college expenses in exchange for the students serving in the military upon graduation. About 1,300 "plebes" enter the Academy each summer for the orientation program, this class consists of not only high school students but also enlisted Sailors and Marines. Only about 1,000 Midshipmen graduate after the four years. Graduates are usually commissioned as Ensigns in the Navy or Second Lieutenants in the Marine Corps, and occasionally as officers in the US Air Force, US Army, and U.S. Coast Guard. The academic program grants a bachelor of science degree. Midshipmen get grades on a broad academic program, military leadership performance, and mandatory participation in competitive athletics. Midshipmen are required to adhere to the Academy's Honor Concept.

On 3 June 1949 Wesley A. Brown became the first African-American to graduate. On 8 August 1975, Congress authorized women to attend service academies. The class of 1980 was inducted with 81 women midshipmen.

Annapolis has a very broad sports program. All students must play at least one sport each semester, either at intramural (within the school) or intercollegiate (against other schools) level.

The intercollegiate sports teams are known as the Navy Midshipmen. Most of the Academy's teams play in the Patriot League. The football team plays at the top level, known as Division I FBS, in the American Athletic Conference.



Weber (unit)

In physics, the weber (symbol: Wb; , , or ) is the SI unit of magnetic flux. A "flux density" of one Wb/m (one weber per square meter) is one tesla.

The weber is named for the German physicist Wilhelm Eduard Weber (1804–1891).

The weber may be defined in terms of Faraday's law, which relates a changing magnetic flux through a loop to the electric field around the loop. A change in flux of one weber per second will induce an electromotive force of one volt (produce an electric potential difference of one volt across two open-circuited terminals). 

Officially,
Weber (unit of magnetic flux) — The weber is the magnetic flux which, linking a circuit of one turn, would produce in it an electromotive force of 1 volt if it were reduced to zero at a uniform rate in 1 second.

In SI base units, the dimensions of the weber are (kg·m)/(s·A). Many times, the weber is expressed in terms of other derived units as the Tesla-square meter (T·m), volt-seconds (V·s), or joules per ampere (J/A).

Criticism of Buddhism

The criticism of Buddhism is much like the criticism of any other religion. It is mainly done by people who do not agree with what the religion says and what it believes. The criticism often comes from agnostics, skeptics, materialist philosophy, people who follow other religions, or by Buddhists who want change.

Criticisms include some beliefs that are only found in some Buddhist cultures and institutions. These are not all true to original Buddhist principles. Sam Harris, a New Atheism supporter, and believers in Buddhist meditation say that many followers of Buddhism treat it as a religion in the wrong way. They say that their beliefs are often "naive, petitionary, and superstitious". ("Petitionary" means making a petition, or a request, as when asking for help.) They think this stops the followers from living the true Buddhist principles.

Some critics say Buddhist followers and leaders have been interested in property and money. They think that they are corrupt and are more interested in wealth and power rather than Buddhist principles. There have been many sex scandals involving teachers in Western Buddhist groups.

Michael Jerryson believes Buddhism has been connected to government since its start. He thinks that the inability to understand the idea of a country without Buddhism leads to a kind of religious nationalism. He feels this is found in many Buddhist conflicts. In medieval Southeast Asia, there were many Buddhist states. These included the Pagan Kingdom, the Sukhothai Kingdom, and the Kingdom of Polonnaruwa. In Sri Lanka, modern monks often took part in the politics of the country. They did this even though the Buddha only believed in helping others make their own choice in the government. Peace activists such as A. T. Ariyaratne have also used Buddhism for ways of doing things.

East Asian Mahayana Buddhists also often get money from the government. The Zen priest Brian Daizen Victoria wrote in his book "Zen at War" that Buddhist groups justified Japanese militarism. He said they helped the Japanese Army on the battlefield. Because of the book, several groups said sorry for their actions.

After the 2008 problems in the Tibetan area of the PRC, China claimed that the Dalai Lama helped to create the problems and violence. A Chinese spokesperson said that a large number of guns and explosives had been found in monasteries in the capital of Tibet.

Buddhism has been criticized because it treats women as less than men. This mainly deals with women monks. Most schools of Buddhism have more rules for Bhikshuni (nuns) than bikshu (monks). Buddhists say that in the time of the Buddha, nuns had more problems like their safety. Monks often traveled in the forest and between cities. Because of this, more rules were created for nuns, for instance: nuns are not allowed to travel alone.

At the 2007 Hamburg congress, The Dalai Lama said that men and women have equal rights, but at times, culture affects how things are done.



Iguanodont

The iguanodonts are members of the proposed group (superfamily) Iguanodontia. This is a group of ornithopod families which some palaeontologists think are closely related:

That is all the ornithopods except for the small, fast-running "Hypsilophodon". This is placed in the family Hypsilophodontidae. However, the important reference work "Vertebrate Paleontology" is not yet in support of this trend, and lists the families separately as Ornithopods. The proposal is therefore still under discussion.

Warka

Warka is a small city in Poland in Masovian Voivodeship. The Pilica river runs through the city. 11,435 people live there.

Dark adaptor goggles

Dark adaptor goggles are used in the field of meteorology. They are used for either adapting the eyes to the dark before an observation at night or to help with the identification of clouds during bright sunshine or glare from snow. The goggles are made with red-tinted plastic lenses. The goggles are designed to be worn inside but some people find walking, especially up and down stairs, to be hard.


Digital Visual Interface

The Digital Visual Interface (or DVI) is a video interface standard. It is used to send video between a source (such as a personal computer) and a display (such as a monitor). This interface cannot be used to transmit audio unless it is connected to a High-Definition Multimedia Interface (HDMI) converter. HDMI and DVI use the same protocol for signalling, named Transition-minimized differential signaling.

The DVI standard has is widely used in the personal computer industry. Many desktop personal computers and monitors can use it. Most desktop personal computers and liquid crystal display (LCD) monitors sold in stores today have more than one video interface, including DVI. Many other devices (such as projectors and televisions) can use DVI as part of HDMI. 

HDMI is a newer video interface standard. Many laptops still have an old-fashioned VGA connector. Many models in the 2010s have HDMI ports. Fewer laptops have DVI.

DVI was created by the Digital Display Working Group (DDWG). It was created to replace the "legacy analog technology" VGA connector standard. DVI is designed to carry uncompressed digital video data to a display. It works very well with the HDMI standard in digital mode (DVI-D), and VGA in analog mode (DVI-A). It is also found in some television sets even though it has been widely replaced by HDMI.

Kōnin (era)


This era is part of "Kōnin-jōgan", which is a historical period from 810 to 877. The importance of Buddhism and the arts was notable during this time.



Hessian (soldier)

The Hessians were German soldiers who were hired to fight for the British Empire during the American revolution.

Some princes in Germany agreed to give Great Britain men to fight in return for money and were made rich by their soldiers' services.

There is controversy on whether or not the Hessians were mercenaries, or auxiliaries. However because they fought alongside other soldiers and were commanded as such, they are typically referred to as auxiliaries

Tenchō


This era is part of "Kōnin-jōgan", which is a historical period from 810 to 877. The importance of Buddhism and the arts was notable during this time.



Riverside Stadium

The Riverside Stadium is a football stadium in Middlesbrough, England. The stadium is the homeground of Middlesbrough F.C. since its opening. Its present capacity is 34,742 all seated. There is provisional permission to expand the stadium to 42,000 if it is needed.

The stadium was built in 1994/95. It replaced Ayresome Park. After the Taylor Report from 1990 all top league clubs must have all seater stadiums. Because the space was limited to enlarge Ayresome Park the club decided to built a new stadium. This stadium was built in only 32 weeks on the Middlehaven site by the River Tees.

The building had 30 000 seats but was enlarged to its present capacity in 1998. 4 900 seats were built in the north and west corners. 

During the construction of the new Wembley stadium the English nationalteam toured the country. The Riverside was chosen to host the Euro 2004 qualifying match against Slovakia on 11 June 2003. But also some U21 matches were held.



Jōwa (Heian period)

There were disturbances when Emperor Junna abdicated; and this time was called "Jōwa no Hen."






Coins minted from 835 to 847 were known as "Jōwa-shōhō".



American Contract Bridge League

The American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) is a contract bridge federation in North America. It is the largest contract bridge organization in North America. It promotes the game of bridge in the United States, Mexico, Bermuda, and Canada. It is a member of the World Bridge Federation.

It was established in 1937 in New York City. Its headquarters are now in Horn Lake, Mississippi. It has a full-time staff of 75 employees in the headquarters, plus about 170 tournament directors throughout the country.


United States Chess Federation

The United States Chess Federation (USCF) is the national chess federation in the United States. It is the U.S. member of FIDE. It was established in 1939, and at present It based in Crossville, Tennessee. 

USCF organizes or sanctions over 20 national championships. It provides the main rating system for tournament chess in the United States. It does this together with about 2,000 affiliates, mostly chess clubs and local chess organizations. It publishes a magazine, "Chess Life", for its members and for general sale. Its membership is about 80,000.




Spoken word

Spoken word is a type of poetry that is used to express words without any form of music. Spoken words are used in studio albums with typically the artist speaking about their experience on writing the album or any memories they share with writing the album.

United States Backgammon Federation

The United States Backgammon Federation (USBGF) is an organisation who are in charge of backgammon in the United States. They were founded in 1939.
The president is Perry Partner.


Fad

A fad is a type of behavior that develops in a large population. A trend happens when a large group of people begin liking an object, thing, hobby or a person in a short period of time. This can also include fashion, when a large group of people like a type of clothing and having it "sold out" in a short period of time.

Latin pop

Latin pop is a type of popular music that originated in Spanish-speaking countries. Latin pop songs are songs recorded in an up-tempo form. These songs are usually recorded in Spanish. Latin pop songs that have a lot of airplay can peak in "Billboard" charts such as the Hot Latin Tracks, Latin Pop Songs, Latin Pop Airplay and the Tropical/Salsa Songs charts. 

Music of Mexico

Music of Mexico has a lot of different forms of music genres that are performed by Mexican musicians. 

The corrido is a type of narrative song that tells a story. Corridos are recorded as a ballad and sometimes as a duet with another artist. Traditional folk music is a type of folk music that is sung by ordinary people. In popular music, this can include the ranchera, mariachi and conjunto music. Mexican folk music are based on instruments such as the violin and guitar. Mexican sones are a type of ranchera music that developed when the Spanish evaded Mexico. Tejano music is a type of folk music mixed with R&B and country. Tejano (or Tex-Mex music) is popularized in South Texas and North Mexico. Tejano began when the Germans settled in South Texas during the 1600s and brought musical instruments to the native people. Ever since, Tejano has grown to become the most widely known type of music in Mexico and has its own music awards held annually in San Antonio, Texas. "The Queen of Tejano music" is Selena and "The King of Tejano music" is Emilio Navaria. Banda and Norteño are two music genres that formed from Tejano music. 

The cumbia music is also popular in Mexico and was brought by the Cubans. "Bolero", which originated from Puerto Rico, is popular in Mexico as a mixed style with cumbia music. In recent year, Mexican Pop music has seen the rise in popularity beginning in the 2000s.

Surveyor general

The Surveyor General is a government's official surveyor. They would be responsible for surveying a particular country or area. These would once have been military jobs, but now they are mainly civilian positions.

The following Surveyor General positions exist, or have existed historically:

Surveyor Generals are also known from former centralized markets enterprises and divisions created after finish of 2nd WW. They controled organized development of industrial areas based on coordination of existing plants layouts with future investment projects. Example as former VSZ n.p., etc.

Australian National Botanic Gardens

The Australian National Botanic Gardens (ANBG) are in Canberra. They are under the control of the Australian Government's Department of the Environment and Heritage.

The botanic gardens are the largest living collection of native Australian plants. The garen was set up to study and promote Australia's plants. The garden keeps a wide variety of resources for researchers and grows native plants threatened in the wild.

The Advisory Council of Federal Capital Territory recommended the setting up of a National Botanic Garden in 1933. A large site for the gardens was set aside on Black Mountain. In September 1949, the first trees were planted by Prime Minister Ben Chifley and Director of Kew Gardens, Sir Edward Salisbury. The Gardens were officially opened in October 1970 by Prime Minister John Gorton.

The Gardens has over on Black Mountain. About have been used for the Botanic Gardens. Plans for the development of the remaining land are on hold until money is available.

The gardens is organised in sections; plants are grouped by shared taxonomy or are presented in groupings that exist in nature. More than 5,500 species are cultivated. Displays include:

The Australian National Herbarium is at the National Botanic Gardens. The Herbarium houses the largest collection of pressed, dried plant specimens in Australia. The Herbarium is operated jointly with the CSIRO as part of a joint research facility, the Centre for Plant Biodiversity Research. It is not open to the public. The Australian National Herbarium is participating in the creation of Australia's Virtual Herbarium (AVH), a web based record of botanical information. This includes six million specimen records displaying geographic distribution, images, descriptive text and identification tools.

The Gardens manages several large plant databases, including What's its Name? This is a simple point of access to the more complex 'Australian Plant Name Index' APNI listing all the scientific names ever used for Australia's plants. A large collection of photographs is also available.

The Gardens' library has important collections of botanical books, journals, CD-ROMs and maps. The library is open to students and the public by appointment.



Tokyo Mew Mew

Tokyo Mew Mew (also known as Mew Mew Power in English) is a manga/anime series by Mia Ikumi and Reiko Yoshida. The series is about five girls who are able to change into superwomen based on endangered species. The girls fight a group of three aliens, Quiche, Pie, and Tart, who plan to take over Earth. The aliens attack the girls by creating "chimera animals" that the girls fight.

The manga was published from 2000 to 2003. The anime was broadcast from April 6, 2002 until March 29, 2003. It was broadcast on both TV Aichi and TV Tokyo.


Local ordinance

A local ordinance is a law usually found in a municipal code.

In the United States, these laws are enforced locally in addition to state law and federal law. In some states, the state legislature has limited the scope of local ordinances. This approach was made popular by John Forrest Dillon called the "Dillon Rule". The law in such states says that local governments could only adopt ordinances when the state gives them authority on particular subjects. States that do not follow the Dillon Rule believe that local government has inherent (unstated) powers of self-government. In those states, local government can make ordinances on any subject not prohibited by the state legislature.

In Japan, any prefecture or municipality may pass under authority granted by Article 94 of the Constitution.

There must generally be a statutory basis for an ordinance, the ordinance must be in compliance with any overlapping statutes (although it may impose a stricter standard or penalty), and the ordinance must be related to the affairs of the local government in question.

Ordinances must generally be approved by a local assembly and promulgated by the mayor or governor of the local government in question, who may demand a second vote but may not veto the ordinance.

Under the Local Autonomy Law, an ordinance may impose a penalty of up to two years imprisonment and/or 1 million yen in fines, although any penalty under an ordinance must be prescribed in accordance with the Code of Criminal Procedure. There are even some ordinances, such as bans on smoking on the street, for which the police in some districts state that there is no penalty for failure to obey the ordinance.

All laws enacted by the legislature of British colonies are referred to as "Ordinances", which sometimes delegate power to other parties (usually government departments) to make subsidiary legislations that supplement the Ordinances. In Hong Kong, all laws enacted by the territory's Legislative Council remain to be known as "Ordinances", despite the transfer of the territory to the People's Republic of China in 1997.

Beitar Jerusalem F.C.

Beitar Jerusalem Football Club (Hebrew: מועדון כדורגל בית"ר ירושלים, Moadon Kaduregel Beitar Yerushalayim) is an Israeli football club from Jerusalem. The club has been controversial because of its links with the right wing politics and to the Likud party since it was created. The fans chant racist things towards Arabs.
The club was founded in 1936 by David Horn. He was the head of the local Betar movement. The Betar movement was a Zionist youth organisation. Most of the early players came from this group. In 1938 the club stopped playing because the manager and some of the players were arrested and deported by the British authorities in Palestine. In 1943, they were able to play again, but in 1947 the British blocked the games on the day the 1948 Arab-Israeli War started. A player was also killed when he entered a British camp. During his existence the club was very successful. The team has never been relegated from the Israeli Premier League. It was one of the original 14 Israeli Premier League teams at the time of its foundation in 1999. In the all-time table of the league Beitar ranks 4th.

The farthest they have ever gone in a European competition was in the 2016-17 Europa League where they made it to the play off round. 

The club first home was the "Banana Field" close to Beitar youth group's "nest". In the 1950s the club moved to the YMCA Stadium. Later it was shared with Hapoel Jerusalem. The YMCA was nicknamed the sandbox because the field was in a very poor condition.

In 1991 both clubs moved to the Teddy Stadium, named after longtime Jerusalem mayor Teddy Kollek. Initially the stadium was two-sided and held 12,000 spectators. This was increased to 21,600 when a third side was completed in 1997. 


John Gardner (composer)

John Linton Gardner, (born Manchester, 2 March 1917; died Liss, Hampshire, 12 December 2011) was an English composer of classical music. He is particularly remembered for his church music, especially for his setting of the carol "Tomorrow shall be my dancing day".

Gardner was born in Manchester, England and brought up in Ilfracombe, North Devon. His father was a doctor and amateur composer who was killed while fighting at the end of the First World War. 

Gardner went to school at Eagle House and Wellington College and studied at Exeter College, Oxford. He enjoyed jazz, but concentrated on classical music and soon started to compose. An "Intermezzo for Organ" was published by Oxford University Press in 1936. In the same year he got an organ scholarship to Exeter College, Oxford. He got to know the composer Arthur Benjamin and dedicated his "Rhapsody for Oboe and String Quartet" (1935) to him. At Oxford he became friendly with Theodor Adorno with whom he played piano duets.

Gardner went to Repton School to teach music, but after two terms World War II started and he joined the RAF. He conducted the RAF band and played the piano for the dance band. He enjoyed playing jazz and started a swing band. Later in the war he was a navigator in the fighting.

After the war Gardner got a job as repetiteur at the Royal Opera House. He rejected all the music he had composed (although he did not throw it away) and started again by calling his next piece his opus 1. His First Symphony was numbered opus 2. It was a mature work and made him famous. He resigned from his job at the opera house and he had time to concentrate on composing. He wrote "Cantiones Sacrae" for the Three Choirs Festival in 1952 and an opera "The Moon and Sixpence" which was performed at Sadler’s Well in 1957. 

In 1956 he was invited by Thomas Armstrong to teach at the Royal Academy of Music. For 30 years he was professor of harmony and counterpoint there. A few years later he also had a part-time job as Director of Music at St Paul's Girls' School in London, where Gustav Holst and Herbert Howells had taught. 

Gardner wrote a lot of music for his pupils and also worked on holiday programs. He composed a total of about 300 works. The carol "Tomorrow shall be my Dancing Day" is particularly famous. It has a lively rhythm with time signatures that keep changing.

He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1976.

He married in 1955 and had one son and two daughters.


Sadler's Wells Theatre

Sadler's Wells Theatre is a performing arts theatre in London. It is in Rosebery Avenue, Clerkenwell in the London Borough of Islington. The theatre which now stands is the sixth building that has been there since 1683. There are two performance spaces: a 1,500 seat main auditorium and the Lilian Baylis Studio. There are many rehearsal rooms and technical facilities. Sadler's Wells is one of the most important theatres for dance in the United Kingdom. Several dance companies perform there.

During World War II the theatre was closed and the dance and opera companies toured to many parts of the United Kingdom. After World War II the dance company was renamed Sadler's Wells Ballet. The opera company became the English National Opera. When the theatre reopened they performed Benjamin Britten's opera "Peter Grimes".

In 1946 the Royal Opera House at Covent Garden reopened and the ballet company was invited to become the resident company there. A second ballet company was formed to perform at Sadler's Wells. This was called the Sadler's Wells Theatre Ballet. In 1956 the Sadler's Wells company later moved to Covent Garden where it became The Royal Ballet Touring Company. After a number of years as a touring group, it returned to Sadler's Wells in 1976, becoming the Sadler's Wells Royal Ballet.

In 1990 the Sadler's Wells Royal Ballet moved to Birmingham and changed its name to Birmingham Royal Ballet. Since then there has not been a resident ballet company at Sadler's Wells.

The opera company moved out of Sadler's Wells Theatre to the London Coliseum in 1968 and was later renamed English National Opera. Sadler's Wells Theatre was used by foreign companies and by dancers at the beginning of their careers. The Lilian Baylis Theatre opened in 1988.

The theatre that now stands was opened in 1998. The first performance was of "Iolanthe" and was given by Rambert Dance Company. 


John Forrest Dillon

John Forrest Dillon (December 25, 1831 – May 6, 1914) was an American judge. He served on both federal and Iowa state courts. He wrote an important book on the power of states about municipal governments.

Dillon was born in Northampton, Montgomery County, New York. He studied medicine at the University of Iowa at the age of 19. Shortly after beginning to work as a doctor, he switched to studying law, and was admitted to the Iowa bar in 1852. He was elected as the Scott County prosecutor after a brief private practice in 1853, and was then elected to a judgeship in Iowa's 7th Judicial Circuit in 1858. He joined to the Iowa Supreme Court in 1862 and served until 1869, when he was appointed by President Grant to the United States Circuit Court.

While Dillon was a federal judge, he wrote "Municipal Corporations" (1872), which was one of the earliest books to present the subject, and people still study it today. He was also the author of "Removal of Cases from State Courts to Federal Courts" and "Municipal Bonds", both in 1876. On February 17, 1876, Justice Dillon ruled Ulysses S. Grant's deposition for Orville E. Babcock was admissible in court during the Whiskey Ring graft prosecutions. After leaving the Circuit Court, Dillon was a professor at Columbia Law School from 1879 until 1882, where he taught real estate and equity. He then taught at Yale Law School from 1891 until 1892. While at Yale, he also was the president of the American Bar Association. Dillon then returned to private practice until his death in 1914 in New York City.

A memorial fountain to Dillon was built in downtown Davenport, Iowa in 1918. Sculptor Harry Liva carved it out of Indiana limestone in Romanesque style.

Dillon's oldest son, Hiram Price Dillon (1855 – 1918), also became a lawyer in Iowa, and a Master of Chancery in federal court. Dillon's sister was the grandmother of baseball manager Casey Stengel.

The theory of state preeminence over local governments was called the "Dillon Rule" in an 1868 case: "Municipal corporations owe their origin to, and derive their powers and rights wholly from, the legislature. It breathes into them the breath of life, without which they cannot exist. As it creates, so may it destroy. If it may destroy, it may abridge and control." "Clinton v Cedar Rapids and the Missouri River Railroad",(24 Iowa 455; 1868). As opposed to the Dillon Rule, the Cooley Doctrine expressed the theory of an inherent right to local self-determination. In a concurring opinion, Michigan Supreme Court Judge Thomas M. Cooley in 1871 stated: “[L]ocal government is a matter of absolute right; and the state cannot take it away.” "People v. Hurlbut", (24 Mich 44, 95; 1871).

In "Municipal Corporations" (1872), Dillon explained that in contrast to the powers of states, which are unlimited but for express restrictions under the state or federal constitution, municipalities only have the powers that the state legislature expressly gives to them. This formulation of the scope of municipal power came to be known as the "Dillon Rule". It says that municipal governments only have the powers that are expressly granted to them by the state legislature, those that are necessarily implied from that grant of power, and those that are essential and indispensable to the municipality's existence and functioning. If the legislative grant of power is unclear, it should be read narrowly. Courts should assume that the legislature did not mean to give a power unless that power was clearly spelled out in a law. However, when the state has not specifically directed the method by which the municipality may implement its granted power, the municipality has the discretion to choose the method so long as its choice is reasonable.

Hundreds of U.S. court decisions to the present day have employed the Dillon Rule to determine the scope of municipal powers and rights. Critics of the rule say that it imposes unreasonable constraints on the ability of communities to govern themselves and so undermines democracy, and even that local self-government is a matter of natural right that does not need to be conferred by higher political structures. It has also been suggested that Dillon's approach came from the view at that time that cities were inherently corrupt political organs. Corruption was widespread during his time, especially considering the extensive business ties and even investments of numerous cities and their leaders in the late 19th century. Today, most states in the United States follow the Dillon Rule. This is true even though most people no longer believe that cities have corruption problems.

The Supreme Court of the United States cited Dillon's book "Municipal Corporations" and fully adopted Dillon's emphasis on state power over municipalities in "Merrill v. Monticello," 138 U.S. 673 (1891), reaff'd. "Hunter v. Pittsburgh", 207 U.S. 161 (1907), which upheld the power of Pennsylvania to consolidate the city of Allegheny into the city of Pittsburgh, despite the wishes of the majority of Allegheny residents to be a separate city. The Court's ruling that states could alter or abolish at will the charters of municipal corporations without infringing upon contract rights relied upon Dillon's separation of public, municipal corporations from private ones.


Hunter R. Rawlings III

Hunter Ripley Rawlings III (born December 14, 1944) is an American classics scholar and academic administrator. He is best known for serving as the 17th president of the University of Iowa from 1982 until 1995 and as the tenth president of Cornell University from 1995 until 2003. He also served as Cornell's interim president in 2005-2006. He is president of the Association of American Universities (AAU).

Originally from Norfolk, Virginia, Rawlings received his B.A. with honors in classics from Haverford College in 1966. From there he moved to Princeton University, where he received a Ph.D. in classics in 1970. After graduating from Princeton, he joined the faculty at the University of Colorado at Boulder. He became a full professor there in 1980. Rawlings began his career in academic administration at Colorado, serving as chairman of the classics department and later as associate vice chancellor for instruction. In 1988, Rawlings was named President of the University of Iowa, a position he held until 1995. 

Rawlings then came to Cornell University. He was its tenth president, serving from 1995 until 2003. At Cornell, he was good at asking people for money. Rawlings started several new positions and programs to support undergraduate education. Cornell built of several new dormitories and centralized the location of freshmen dormitories on campus (initially protested by Al Sharpton and others due to alleged racial implications). Rawlings promoted stronger undergraduate admission standards. Rawlings began initiatives in certain areas of science and engineering that he considered important to the future (such as bioinformatics, computational biology, computer and information sciences, genomics, and materials science), and began plans for Weill Hall, a large new life sciences building. He encouraged cooperation between the humanities and social sciences. He also worked on an agreement to start a branch of Cornell's medical school in Qatar.

While President of Cornell, Rawlings also held the rank of professor of classics, and continued to hold this position after he left the presidency. He taught an undergraduate course in classics the last two years he was president. At the same time, many students and alumni leaders criticized his hands-off approach toward the student body and his focus on the business operations of Cornell.

After the sudden resignation of his successor as president, Jeffrey Lehman, effective June 30, 2005, Rawlings became Cornell president again until a permanent replacement could be found. David J. Skorton became the new president on July 1, 2006. (Like Rawlings, Skorton was previously President of the University of Iowa.)

Currently, he serves a professor of classical history in Cornell's Department of History and Department of Classics.

Rawlings is a member of many prominent organizations, including the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and served as a committee chair of the AAU. On June 1, 2011, he became President of the AAU.


1994 San Marino Grand Prix

The 1994 San Marino Grand Prix (known as the 14° Gran Premio di San Marino by the people putting on the race) was a Formula One motor race held on 1 May 1994 at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari in Imola, Italy. It was the third race of the 1994 Formula One season. Some things that happened at this race proved to be a major turning point in both the 1994 season, and in the development of Formula 1 itself, especially safety.

During the race weekend, Austrian driver Roland Ratzenberger and three-time world champion Ayrton Senna died in different accidents. Other incidents saw driver Rubens Barrichello hurt and a few mechanics and spectators injured. BBC Television commentator Murray Walker described it as "the blackest day for Grand Prix racing that I can remember".

Michael Schumacher won the race. In the press conference after the race, Schumacher said that he "couldn't feel satisfied, couldn't feel happy" with his win following the events that had happened during the race weekend. Nicola Larini scored the first points of his career when he finished in second position. Mika Häkkinen finished third.

The race led to a bigger focus on safety in Formula One as well as the reforming of the Grand Prix Drivers' Association after 12 years of not running, and the changing of many track layouts and car designs. Since the race, many regulation changes have been made to slow Formula One cars down, and newer tracks, such as Bahrain International Circuit, have large run-off areas to slow cars before they collide with a wall.
Senna was given a state funeral in his home country of Brazil, where around 500,000 people lined the streets to watch the coffin pass. Italian prosecutors charged six people with manslaughter in connection with Senna's death, all of whom were later found to be not guilty. The case took more than 11 years to conclude due to an appeal and a re-trial following the original not guilty verdict.

On Friday 29 April, during the first qualifying session to determine the starting order for the race, Rubens Barrichello, a driver for Jordan, hit a kerb at the "Variante Bassa" corner at 140 miles an hour (225 kilometres an hour), launching him into the air. He hit the top of the tyre barrier, and was knocked unconscious. His Jordan rolled several times after landing before stopping slowly upside down. Doctors teams treated him at the crash site, and he was taken to the medical centre. He returned to the race meeting the next day, although his broken nose and a plaster cast on his arm forced him to sit out the rest of the race weekend. Ten years after the incident, Damon Hill, who drove for the Williams-Renault team at the time, described the feeling after the crash: "We all brushed ourselves off and carried on qualifying, reassured that our cars were tough as tanks and we could be shaken but not hurt."

Twenty minutes into the final qualifying session, Roland Ratzenberger failed to negotiate the "Villeneuve curva" in his Simtek; he then hit the concrete barrier wall almost head-on and was injured a lot. Although the survival cell (a part of the car) stayed largely together, the force of the crash caused a basal skull fracture. Ratzenberger, in his first year as a Formula One driver, ran over a kerb at the "Acque Minerali" corner on his previous lap, causing a fault in his front wing. Rather than come back to the pitlane, he continued on another fast lap. Going at 190 miles an hour (306 kilometres an hour) his car's front wing failed, leaving him unable to control it.

The session was stopped whilst doctors attended to Ratzenberger. The session was started approximately 25 minutes later, but several teams—including Williams and Benetton—took no further part. Later in hospital it was announced that Ratzenberger had died as a result of his injuries. His death marked the first Formula One race weekend death since the 1982 Canadian Grand Prix when Riccardo Paletti was killed. It had been eight years since Elio de Angelis died testing a Brabham car at the Circuit Paul Ricard. Professor Sid Watkins, then head of the Formula One on-track medical team, recalled in his book about himself, Ayrton Senna's reaction to the news, stating that "Ayrton broke down and cried on my shoulder." Watkins tried to stop Senna from racing on the next day, asking "What else do you need to do? You have been world champion three times, you are obviously the quickest driver. Give it up and let's go fishing," but Ayrton said that, "Sid, there are certain things over which we have no control. I cannot quit, I have to go on."

Senna would start on pole position, ahead of championship leader Michael Schumacher. Gerhard Berger qualified in 3rd, and Senna's team-mate Damon Hill started from fourth position. A time posted by Ratzenberger before his fatal crash would have been sufficient for entry into the race starting from the 26th and final position on the grid.

At the start of the race, J.J. Lehto's Benetton did not move. Pedro Lamy, starting from further back on the grid, had his view of the car blocked by other cars and hit the back of Lehto's car, causing bodywork and tyres to fly into the air. Parts of the car went over the safety fencing designed to protect spectators at the start-line causing nine people to be hurt but not very much. The incident caused the safety car to come out on track, with all the drivers still in the race staying in the same place behind it while going at a slower speed. During this period, as a result of going at slower speeds, tyre temperatures dropped. At the drivers' briefing before the race, Senna, along with Gerhard Berger, had expressed concern that the safety car (which only came into F1 in 1993) did not go fast enough to keep tyre temperatures high. Once the track was reported clear of pieces of car, the safety car went back into the pit lane and the race started again, with a rolling start. On the second lap after the restart, with Ayrton Senna leading Michael Schumacher, Senna's car left the road at the "Tamburello corner", and after slowing from 190 miles an hour (306 kilometres an hour) to 131 miles an hour (211 kilometres an hour), hit the concrete wall.
At 2:17 p.m. local time, a red flag was shown to show that the race was stopped and Sid Watkins came to the scene to treat Senna. When a race is stopped under a red flag cars must slow down and make their way back to the starting grid until they are told what to do next. This protects race marshalls and medical staff at the crash scene, and allows for medical cars to get to the crash quicker. Approximately 10 minutes after Senna's crash, the Larrousse team made a mistake and allowed one of their drivers, Érik Comas, to leave the pits despite the circuit being closed under red flags. Marshalls slowed him down as he approached the scene of the accident travelling at "pretty much full speed". Eurosport commentator John Watson described the incident as "the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen at any time in my life". Comas avoided hitting any of the people or cars that were on the circuit but after going over towards Senna's accident scene, he was so upset at what he saw that he withdrew from the race. The pictures shown of Senna being treated on the world feed (supplied by host broadcaster RAI) were very graphic, and the BBC switched to their own camera focused on the pit lane. BBC commentator Murray Walker has frequently talked about how upsetting it was to have to talk to viewers while avoiding all mention of the distressing pictures he could see on the world feed. Senna was lifted from the wrecked Williams and flown to Maggiore Hospital in nearby Bologna. Medical teams continued to treat him during the flight. Thirty-seven minutes after the crash, at 2:55 p.m. local time, the race was restarted.

The results of the restarted race would be determined by the aggregate results of the stopped first race and the second race. From the restart, Gerhard Berger took the lead on track but Schumacher still led the race due to the amount of time he was ahead of Berger before the race was stopped. Schumacher took the lead on track on lap 12, and four laps later, Berger retired from the race with handling problems. Larini briefly took the lead as Schumacher pitted but the order was restored when Larini took his own pit stop.

Ten laps from the end the rear-right wheel came loose from Michele Alboreto's Minardi as it left the pit lane, striking two Ferrari and two Lotus mechanics, who were left needing hospital treatment.

Michael Schumacher won the race ahead of Nicola Larini and Mika Häkkinen, giving him a maximum 30 points after 3 rounds of the 1994 Formula One season. It was the only podium finish of Larini's career, and the first of just two occasions when he scored world championship points. At the podium ceremony, out of respect for Roland Ratzenberger and Ayrton Senna, no champagne was sprayed.



Han Myeong-hoe

Han Myeong-hoe (한명회, 1415 - 1487) was a Korean Joseon Dynasty politician, writer, and soldier. He was the fther-in-law of King Yejong of Joseon (the 8th King of Joseon Dynasty) and Seongjong of Joseon (9th King of Joseon Dynasty and nephew of Yejong of Joseon).

His daughter, Queen Jangsun, married King Yejong of Joseon. Another daughter, Queen Gonghye, married King Seongjong of joseon.


Kashō

Kashō may mean:


CAE Global Academy

CAE Global Academy is a flight school network. It is owned by Canadian group CAE.



Shoku Nihongi

This work is the second of the "Rikkokushi" ("Six National Histories"). It was written after the "Nihon Shoki" and before the "Nihon Kōki".

Sugeno Mamichi was the main editor.

"Shoku Nihongi" is a primary historical source of information about Japan's Nara period.

The work covers the 95-year period from the beginning of Emperor Mommu's reign in 697 until the 10th year of Emperor Kammu's reign in 791. The text is an account of nine imperial reigns.



France AEROTECH

France AEROTECH is the name of the French national network for aeronautical and space universities (named "grandes écoles" in French).

It was created in 2011 by "Arts et Métiers ParisTech", "École Centrale de Lyon", "École Centrale de Nantes", École nationale de l'aviation civile and "École nationale supérieure d'électronique, informatique, télécommunications, mathématiques et mécanique de Bordeaux".

The goals of France AEROTECH are to provide French courses abroad, to develop international research projects and courses in aeronautical and space engineering, and to help emerging markets.

To achieve all these projects, the universities created a summer program in embedded systems and a master in airworthiness.

Belize City

Belize City is the largest city in Belize. Belize City is not the capital of Belize. 61,461 people live in Belize City.

María Fernanda Morales

María Fernanda Morales (born in Mexico City, November 7, 1970) is a prolific Mexican voice actress. Morales is most known for the voice of Saori Kido in "Saint Seiya", Kimi Finster in "Rugrats" and "All Grown Up!", and Sailor Venus in "Sailor Moon" among other works she has worked on.





Katie Leigh

Katherine "Katie" Leigh (born on December 16, 1958 in Carmel, California) is an American voice actress best known for her role as Connie Kendall on the Focus on the Family radio program "Adventures in Odyssey" since 1987. She has voice acted in both television and movie roles.






Diana Santos

Diana Santos (born June 9, 1950 in Mexico City), is a Mexican voice actress. She voiced the part of Takeshi in the Spanish dubbed version of the 1967–1968 Japanese television program "Comet-San".


On November 28, 2020, during the 2nd Lavat Awards ceremony held in Mexico City, Diana Santos received an honorary award in recognition for her lifetime work as a dubbing actress spanning 64 years. The ceremony was broadcast live on the Lavat Awards official website due to the COVID-19 pandemic, as opposed to the previous year.

List of awards and nominations received by Selena

This is a list of awards and nominations American singer Selena received. Awards and nominations for Tejano Music Awards were taken from their website.

Roger Bannister

Sir Roger Gilbert Bannister (23 March 1929 – 3 March 2018) was an English athlete, physician and educator. He is best known for being the first person to run the mile in less than four minutes. Many people thought this was impossible, a natural limit of the human body, until he did it in 1954. 

Bannister was born in Harrow, Middlesex. He was the first recipient of the "Sports Illustrated" "Sportsman of the Year" award in January 1955. He was a neurologist and Master of Pembroke College, Oxford. He retired in 2001. 

Bannister was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2011. He died of the disease on 3 March 2018 in Oxford, England at the age of 88.




Kumbia Kings

Kumbia Kings (or Los Kumbia Kings) are a reggaeton band formed by A.B. Quintanilla III in 1999. They won several Latin Grammy Awards for their albums. In 2007, Quintanilla III formed a new band called Kumbia All Starz because of conflicts from other band members. Frankie J became a successful R&B singer after he left to become a solo artist. Selena's widower Chris Perez joined both of the bands but left in 2010 to start his own band with Joe Ojeda, originally a keyboardist from Selena y Los Dinos.


Adult Contemporary

The Adult Contemporary is a weekly music chart that is published on the "Billboard" magazine. It lists the top 30 popular songs. It measures the top 30 songs depending on its airplay, digital download sales, and single sales. It is only based on 85 radio stations that play adult contemporary music. The chart first appeared on the July 17, 1961 issue of "Billboard" magazine.

The Hot Adult Contemporary Recurrents lists the top 10 adult contemporary songs that are one year old but are still being played on radios. 

The Adult Top 40 chart was released in 1996. This lists only lists the top 40 adult contemporary songs. The Top 40 Mainstream ranks both adult contemporary songs and dance-pop songs on 141 radio stations.


Billboard Latin Music Awards

The Billboard Latin Music Awards is an awards ceremony honoring artists who perform Latin music. The awards ceremony are held annually by "Billboard" magazine.

Bridge (music)

A bridge in popular music is a form of musical notes contrasting with one another.

Wind chimes

Wind chimes are chimes that are made up of tubes, rods, bells or other objects that are made of wood or metal. Wind chimes are usually hung outside a house near a garden. They make sounds when the wind blows the parts to collide. In popular music, wind chimes can be used for harmonic music. 

Wind chimes, usually of bronze, were used in ancient Rome, India, and China.

Scat singing

Scat singing is used in jazz music. It is performed by using the voice to make sounds, but not using any recognisable words. A singer would improvise (make up) a solo using nonsense syllables which is like a musical instrument solo in a song. Scat singing probably started when singers like Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald began to use their voices copy the sounds of instruments.

Triglav (mythology)

Triglav was an old Slavic god. The highest mountain in Slovenia is also called Triglav. Its name means " three-headed " in Slovene. An insurance company also uses the name Triglav.

Other myths are related to Triglav. These include "Zlatorog". Zlatorog is an immortal mountain goat. It has gold horns. It is currently being used as a logo for a brand of beer. On a mountain near Triglav, there is a formation in the rocks of the mountain that looks like the face of a Giant girl. This is said to be proof of the Giants. 

Federal Judicial Center

The Federal Judicial Center is the education and research agency of the United States federal courts. An Act of Congress () started it in 1967. The idea for a center came from the Judicial Conference of the United States. 

The Center main activities are:


The law sets who serves on the Center's Board of Directors. The Chief Justice of the United States is "ex officio" chair of the Center's board. The board also has the director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and seven judges elected by the Judicial Conference. The Board appoints the Center's director and deputy director; the director appoints the Center's staff. Since its founding in 1967, the Center has had ten directors. Judge Jeremy Fogel became director in 2011. He was appointed U.S. district judge for the Northern District of California in 1998 but has been resident in Washington, D.C., since becoming director. The deputy director is John S. Cooke.

Chief Justice Earl Warren and other members of the judiciary wanted a separate agency that would conduct research and educational programs for the federal courts. They hoped that a separate agency would build the judiciary’s institutional independence. They recommended starting the Federal Judicial center to Congress. They hoped that regular programs of research and education would improve the efficiency of the federal courts and relieve the backlog of cases in the lower courts.

The Center is governed by its own board. The Federal Judicial Center offered the courts the benefits of independent social science research and educational programs designed to improve judicial administration. 

In the 1950s and early 1960s, the Judicial Conference and the Administrative Office commissioned research projects to examine problems of judicial administration at the same time that they organized educational programs to help judges manage growing and complicated caseloads. These research and educational programs, however, received no permanent staff or funding. Support for an institutionalized program of judicial research and education increased after adding 60 new district judge positions in 1961 showed that the number of judges alone would not solve all of the problems of overworked courts. Many judges and lawyers asked for a way to bring improved research and education to the courts. 

The Center includes several offices and divisions.

The Director's Office is responsible for the Center's overall management and its relations with other organizations. Its Office of Systems Innovation and Development provides technical support for Center education and research. Communications Policy and Design edits, produces, and distributes all Center print and electronic publications, operates the Federal Judicial Television Network, and through the Information Services Office maintains a library of materials on judicial administration.

The Research Division undertakes empirical and exploratory research on federal judicial processes, court management, and sentencing and its consequences, often at the request of the Judicial Conference and its committees, the courts themselves, or other groups in the federal system. James B. Eaglin is the current director of the research division. 

The Federal Judicial History Office develops programs relating to the history of the judicial branch and helps courts with their own judicial history programs.

The Education Division holds educational sessions for federal judges and court staff. Bruce Clarke is the current director of the Education Division.

The Interjudicial Affairs Office caries out the Center's statutory mission to provide information about federal courts to officials of foreign judicial systems and to acquire information about foreign judicial systems that will help the Center perform its other missions.

The Center's board consists of: 


A nonprofit organization, the Federal Judicial Center Foundation, solicits support for the Center.


Master Lock

Master Lock is one of the leading lock manufacturers. Master Lock's products include padlocks, door locks, and lock hasps. Master Lock was founded in 1921 by Harry Soref. Master Lock is famous for their television ad showing a Master Lock #15 surviving a shot from a .30 caliber rifle.

Partnership of a European Group of Aeronautics and Space Universities

Partnership of a European Group of Aeronautics and Space UniversitieS (PEGASUS) is the biggest network for aeronautical and space universities in Europe. It has been created in 1998 by the French National aeronautical universities (ENAC, ENSMA and ISAE).

The European manufacturers like Airbus have close contact with PEGASUS network.

The network consists of 24 universities in 9 countries:



Kandahar

Kandahar is the second largest city in Afghanistan. Alexander the Great visited the town and named it after himself. Alexander the Great founded Kandahar in the 4th century BC. He called it "Alexandria Arachosia". About 500,000 people live there in 2015. It is in the central-south of Afghanistan. Kandahar is the capital of Kandahar Province. It is an important trading centre for sheep, wool, cotton, silk, felt, food grains, fresh and dried fruit, and tobacco. Kandahar has an international airport.

River Song (Doctor Who)

River Song is a fictional character in the British science-fiction series "Doctor Who". She is played mainly by Alex Kingston. River Song was first seen in the series as a future companion of the Doctor. The Doctor is an alien Time Lord who travels through time and space in his TARDIS. River Song is a time traveler herself. Because of this, her time spent with the Doctor does not happen in the same order his time with her does. The first time they met (in the series) is his first but her last time. In later episodes, River is a companion of the Doctor in his eleventh form (Matt Smith). River Song was created by "Doctor Who" writer Steven Moffat for the programme's fourth series in 2008. When moffat took over the job of executive producer from Russell T Davies, he started developing the character's background. He created adventures earlier in River's timeline. Alex Kingston went from being from a guest star to a recurring actor in the series. Other actresses have also played younger versions of the character. She has been an infant, a child and a young adult.

When the character was first seen, much about her was mystery. After the character's first time on the series, Davies said she was as "one of the most important characters" in the story. He said that she was "vital" to the Doctor's life. In series six (2011), Moffat's episodes showed more about the character. Born Melody Pond, River is the daughter of the Eleventh Doctor's companions Amy Pond (Karen Gillan) and Rory Williams (Arthur Darvill). Kingston had appeared with these characters several times in series five (2010). Because she was conceived in the TARDIS as it travelled through the space-time vortex, Melody is born with genetic traits and abilities much like to the Doctor's own race, the Time Lords.

River Song first appears in the "Doctor Who" 2008 series two-episode story "Silence in the Library"/"Forest of the Dead". This story was written by Steven Moffat. Here, she meets up with the Tenth Doctor (David Tennant) in the 51st century. She tells him that she is someone he will come to trust completely. River, who wears a space suit, carries a diary that looks like the TARDIS. It is filled with her adventures. She is a professor of archaeology. The Doctor learns that he will trust her in the future when she whispers his real name into his ear. The adventure in the Library is River's last real-life meeting with the Doctor in her chronology. It is their first meeting in his. In the second of the two episodes she dies to save the people who were trapped in the Library's database, before the Doctor could do the same. The Doctor is then able to upload her consciousness into a computer. This allows her to live on in a virtual world created by the Library computer. He does this by using a sonic screwdriver that she was given by himself in his future (her past). 

After Moffat took over from Davies as executive producer, River Song was in the 2010 series. At an earlier point in her timeline, in the two-episode story "The Time of Angels"/"Flesh and Stone", River meets the Eleventh Doctor (Matt Smith). She is more familiar to him and he is more familiar to her. At this point in her life, River is a doctor. She is not yet a professor. She leaves coordinates for the Doctor to find so that he may save her in the 51st century. With him she goes to learn about the crash of the spaceship "Byzantium". She shows herself to be better at flying the TARDIS than he is. She tells the Doctor that she is imprisoned in the Stormcage Containment Facility for killing, in her words, "the best man I've ever known." An even earlier version of River helps the Doctor in series finale "The Pandorica Opens"/"The Big Bang". After Winston Churchill (Ian McNeice) talks to her while she is in prison, she takes the Doctor to 102 A.D. While River is travelling in the TARDIS on her own, it explodes with her inside. The Doctor, using an device that belonged River, is able to save her and teleport her out. She then helps him in closing the cracks in the universe. After the Doctor removes himself from all of history to close the cracks in the universe, River helps Amy Pond to remember the Doctor. This brings him back. She gives Amy her now-blank diary. At the end of the series finale, The Doctor asks her whether she is married. She says she is married, and answers yes to a question she pretends think is him asking her to marry him. She then tells to the Doctor that he will soon learn the truth about her, after which 'everything changes'.

In the first episodes of 2011 series, "The Impossible Astronaut"/"Day of the Moon", River, Rory and Amy (Karen Gillan are contacted by a future version of the Doctor. They are told to meet in the United States. This future version of the Doctor is killed by an person in a space suit. The Doctor's current version is there with them. In 1969, the present Doctor and company meet a little girl (Sydney Wade) who wears the space suit. River tells the Doctor it is a life support unit. The suit has been designed by the hypnotic alien race, Silence. The girl is later seen regenerating in New York City, 1970. In "A Good Man Goes to War," it is learned that River is Amy and Rory's daughter Melody. She was conceived in the TARDIS and has Time Lord DNA. Baby Melody is kidnaped by Madame Kovarian (Frances Barber) to become a weapon against the Doctor. "Let's Kill Hitler" shows that Melody was trained by the Silence to kill the Doctor. After regenerating in New York, Melody became Rory and Amy's childhood friend Mels (Maya Glace-Green) and grew up alongside them. When adult Mels (Nina Toussaint-White) is shot, she regenerates into her next form (Kingston) and kills the Doctor. When she learns she will one day become River Song, someone the Doctor trust, Melody chooses to resurrect the Doctor with her energy. This causes her to lose the ability. The Doctor learns that she is the person who kills him in his future. The Doctor gives her a blank TARDIS-shaped diary, and Melody - now River - begins to study archaeology. At the end of "Closing Time", on the day she receives her doctorate, the Silence and Kovarian recapture River. They, then, put her in the space suit to kill the Doctor as history showed. In the series finale "The Wedding of River Song", River stops herself from killing the Doctor. This created an alternate reality. The Doctor marries River. He gets her to return to the normal history by letting her know how he plans to fake his death. River goes to prison for his murder so no one knows he is not dead.

The series 6 DVD bonus episodes "Night and the Doctor" shows River in the episodes "First Night" and "Last Night". The Doctor tries to take River on a date shortly after she is put in prison. Their time in the TARDIS is interrupted by two future versions of River. All are wondering about the signs of "another woman" being aboard the TARDIS.. The Doctor is able get rid of the two future Rivers, but not before learning from his future self that one of them is shortly to die in the Library where he first met her.

At the same time as the 2010 series, Alex Kingston played River Song narrating the "Monster Files" on the BBC website. It is a documentary about "Doctor Who" monsters. This series had also (in 2008-9) been narrated by John Barrowman in character as Captain Jack Harkness.

For the role of River Song, they wanted to cast Kate Winslet. One of Winslet's first acting jobs was in the BBC1 teen drama "Dark Season", written by Davies. The role of River Song went to Alex Kingston instead. She is known for starring in the popular US drama "ER". On Kingston's casting, Davies said "I bloody love her!" Kingston had liked "Doctor Who" as a child. Kingston, when first cast, did not expect her role to be more than just the two episodes. She later learned that Moffat had always wanted for Song to come back for more episodes. Kingston likes getting to play an unusual action hero female role.

Talking about acting with Tennant and Catherine Tate (Donna Noble) in her 2008 episode, Kingston said, "We just clicked. I've done guest roles on other shows, but rarely have I felt such a warm bond." About working with Kingston, Catherine Tate said, "I'm a huge "ER" fan. When you hold people in awe, it's almost a disappointment when they come in and they're utterly normal. But Alex isn't disappointing at all. She's such a lovely person." David Tennant said, "Alex is terrific. When she's telling you stories about hanging out with George Clooney, you know she's pretty cool."

When asked about the "Doctor Who" dialogue, she said, "I'd work with a medical consultant on "ER", who'd explain what we were saying, so I'd say it with a purpose and a truth. On "Doctor Who", I've no idea what some of my lines mean!"

The character was first created to help the plot of "Silence in the Library" to make more sense. Moffat knew that the team of archaeologists would have to trust the Doctor, but the Doctor could not get them to understand how he had gotten into the closed library. Because of this, Moffat wanted for the Doctor to know one of the archaeologists but he thought that the idea was "dull". He chose to have one of them know him. When Kingston returned to the show, Moffat told her some details about her character's back-story. This was information that Smith, Gillan and Darvill did not learn until later. Kingston knows her character cannot be killed off because her death was seen in her first episode. Each episode she is in after that is earlier in her personal history. 
An article published in "Metro", titled "Doctor Who fans love River Song...", said how good comments from fans on Twitter after the airing of "Day of the Moon" were mainly about Song.

Keith Phipps for The A.V. Club compared the Doctor and River's romantic storyline to "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button".

Neela Debnath of "The Independent" liked Nina Toussaint-White as Mels. She said she was "every bit as sassy and vivacious as her later incarnation...it was shame that she regenerated so early on because she brought a different energy to the character". However, Neil McCormick in "The Daily Telegraph" felt that her being quickly added as Rory and Amy's childhood friend showed that Moffat was making it up as he went along.


Oliver Heaviside

Oliver Heaviside (Camden, London 18 May 1850 – Torquay, Devon 3 February 1925) was a self-taught English electrical engineer, mathematician, and physicist.

Although he was well known in the scientific world during his life, it was not until after his death that people realized how much he had changed the study of mathematics and physics. He used complex numbers to study electrical circuits and did a lot of work on electromagnetic wave theory which made it necessary to find new ways of working with differential equations. He did work on Maxwell's field equations and vector analysis. In fact, he was the inventor of Vector Calculus. Part of the ionosphere is co-named after him: the Kennelly-Heaviside layer. His personality was very eccentric and he is a good example of what many people think of as a mad scientist.

Heaviside was born in Camden Town, London. His father was a skilled wood engraver. His uncle, Sir Charles Wheatstone (1802-1875), co-invented the telegraph and made famous experiments in 1837 from Euston Station.

Heaviside was short and he had red-hair. When he was young he suffered from scarlet fever which made him rather deaf, especially in his later years. Heaviside studied at Camden House School until he was 16 and continued to study at home until he was 18. He got a job as telegraph operator and spent some time working in Denmark. He noticed that operating speeds were 40% faster from England to Denmark than the other way round, and in 1871 he found a fault in the telegraph cable from England to Denmark. In 1873 he got a copy of the first edition of Maxwell’s book "A Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism". He was very influenced by this book and it helped him to produce many mathematical ideas. At this time he was working in Newcastle. In 1875 he went back to London to live with his parents. There he spent a lot of time writing up his discoveries, but no one wanted to publish his papers because they were too difficult to understand. He analysed alternating currents 15 years before they started to be used commercially.

When his parents moved to Paignton he moved with them. After their deaths he lived at Newton Abbott and then, from 1908 until death, in Torquay. He was unmarried.

In his old age Heaviside became more and more eccentric. He was poor, and lived alone in a large house in Torquay that he could not afford to heat properly. He liked it when friends visited, but many people were put off because he could often be rude. He could not cook, and a friendly policeman regularly came to the house to bring him food. Because Heaviside was deaf and could not hear the knock on the door the policeman used to open the letterbox and blow his whistle loudly. The house and garden was in a terrible mess. He had lumps of granite in his house for furniture. He often put the letters W.O.R.M. after his name, just for a joke. He took to painting his finger nails pink. On at least one occasion he dyed his hair black and, while it was wet, he wore a teacosy on his head.

When, in 1925, he fell off a ladder and was taken by ambulance to a nursing home, it was the first time he had ever been in a motor vehicle. He told the ambulance driver that he had enjoyed the ride. He died at the nursing home in Torquay a month later and was buried in Paignton.

Heaviside was like Sir Isaac Newton in that he worked alone and did not always publish the whole of his experiments. He wrote a lot of ideas in his notebooks, but he did not think these ideas were ready for publication, yet they turned out to be very important. For example, he suggested that there was an atmospheric conducting layer many kilometers above the earth’s surface which could be used for sending long-distance radio-waves around the curvature of the earth. In 1923 it was indeed discovered that there were complex, ionized layers (called the ‘‘ionosphere”). The Kennelly-Heaviside layer was later named after him. By 1950, 25 years after his death, there were more than 50 stations worldwide experimenting with radio communication in the upper atmosphere.

Heaviside made studies on how to transmit speech clearly in telephone communication. He studied reflection in telephone circuits (these produced disturbing echoes). From 1886 he spent most of his time on the propagation of electromagnetic waves through space which had been developed by Hertz and on the motion of atoms which had been discovered by J.J. Thomson.

Heaviside was not interested in receiving honours. Indeed, he never made any money from his discoveries and often found it difficult to pay the bills. He was probably very pleased to be made a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1891. He was awarded a £120 a year Civil List pension by the government. In 1908 he was elected an Honorary Member of the Institution of Electrical Engineers, and in 1918 Honorary Membership of the Americal Institute of Electrical Engineers. In 1921 he was the first person to be honoured with the Faraday Medal.

A famous quotation of Heaviside is:
"Shall I refuse my dinner because I do not fully understand the process of digestion"?



Casper Platt

Casper Platt (June 6, 1892 – September 16, 1965) was a United States federal judge.

Born in Danville, Illinois, Platt received a B.A. from the University of Illinois in 1914 and a J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School in 1916. He was in private practice in Danville, Illinois from 1916 to 1917. He was in the United States Army during World War I, from 1917 to 1918. After the war, he returned to private practice in Danville until 1933, also working as a city attorney for Danville from 1927 to 1928. He was a judge on the Fifth Circuit Court of Illinois from 1933 to 1949. 

On September 15, 1949, President Harry S Truman nominated Platt to be a judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Illinois. Platt was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 12, 1949, and received his commission on October 13, 1949. He served as chief judge from 1956 until his death in 1965.

The University of Chicago Law School named the Casper Platt Award for the best student paper in his honor. Danville Area Community College also named a scholarship after him.

Rock en español

Rock en español is a Spanish language version of rock music. In English-speaking countries, people call Spanish rock "Rock en español", while in Spanish-speaking countries they call rock music "rock". Rock en español has music from the Caribbean such as ska, reggae and soca. Rock music began in 1956 when Gloria Ríos recorded "El relojito". Chicano rock are rock music sung by Mexican Americans, their version has R&B influences.

Argentine rock

Argentine rock is a type of rock music sung in Argentina. Locally, the Argentine's call their form of rock music "Rock Nacional". Argentine rock music has the tango and Argentine folk music. Argentine rock music began in the mid-1960s, after Richie Valens recorded "La Bamba", which became a popular folk song. 

Armenian rock

Armenian rock is a type of rock music sung by Armenian people. In the Soviet era,rock music was forbidden because the CPSU believed it was a "Western anti-socialist" influence. However, in the 1980s popular rock bands in Armenia began to emerge. The Armenians blended folk music with their rock music. After Bolshevism, progressive rock music began to be popular among Armenian people. Since 2004, the Armenian Music Awards honors musicians who record rock music.

Beat (music)

A beat is the basic unit of music . Beats can help measure tempos and are performed in grooves and rhythmic music. They measure the pulse and rhythm of a musical piece. They are usually divided into two kinds: stressed and unstressed beats. Stressed beats are the 'strong' beats and unstressed are the 'weak' beats. Time signatures and tempos are created by moving the beats into particular orders.

In music that is played in 4|4 time, (counted as "1 2 3 4, 1 2 3 4..."), the first beat of the bar (downbeat) is usually the strongest stressed in the melody and the likeliest place for a chord change. The third is the next strongest: these are the on beats. The second and fourth are weaker: these are the off-beats.

So "off-beat" is a musical term in syncopation that emphasizes the weak even beats of a bar, as opposed to the usual on-beat. This is a basic beat in African polyrhythm that was transferred over into popular western music. According to Grove Music, the "Offbeat is [often] where the downbeat is replaced by a rest or is carried over from the preceding bar". The downbeat (the first beat of a measure in music) can never be the off-beat because it is the strongest beat in 4/4 time. Certain genres tend to emphasize the off-beat; especially rock and roll and Ska music.

Nihon kōki

This work is the third of the "Rikkokushi" ("Six National Histories"). It was written after the "Nihon Shoki" and the "Shoku Nihongi".

Fujiwara no Otsugu, Fujiwara no Yoshino, Fujiwara no Yoshifusa, Minamoto no Tokiwa, Asa no Katori and Yamada no Furutsugu were the main editors. 

"Nihon Kōki" is a primary historical source of information about Japan's Nara period and Heian period. 

The work covers the 135-year period from the beginning of Emperor Mommu's reign in 697 until the 9th year of Emperor Juna's reign in 832. The text is an account of twelve imperial reigns.




Orientation

Orientation may refer to:



Apollo 1

Apollo 1, initially designated AS-204, was the first crewed mission of the United States Apollo program, which had as its ultimate goal a crewed lunar landing. The low Earth orbital test of the Apollo Command/Service Module never made its target launch date of February 21, 1967. A cabin fire during a launch rehearsal test on January 27 at Cape Kennedy Air Force Station Launch Complex 34 killed all three crew members—Command Pilot Virgil I. "Gus" Grissom, Senior Pilot Ed White, and Pilot Roger B. Chaffee—and destroyed the Command Module (CM). The name "Apollo 1", chosen by the crew, was officially retired by NASA in commemoration of them on April 24, 1967.

In 1959, NASA (the National Aeronautics and Space Administration) began working on projects where people could fly into space on specially-designed rockets and come back to the Earth. They were doing this because another country, the Soviet Union, was working on doing the same thing, and at the time, the United States and Soviet Union were competitors – they did not get along. When the Soviet Union put a satellite into orbit around the Earth, and later a person named Yuri Gagarin, the United States felt that the Soviet Union was getting too far ahead of them when it came to space. This is usually called the space race.

In 1961, the earliest space program, Project Mercury, put an American named John Glenn into orbit around the Earth. Later, during another program, Project Gemini, an American astronaut was able to get out of his spaceship in outer space, an activity called a spacewalk, then get back in and come home. (The Soviet Union had already done that earlier in the same year.) While doing these things was amazing, since the Soviet Union had done them first, people still felt like the United States was losing the space race. Both the United States and Soviet Union had the same next goal in mind: to go to the Moon.

The NASA program to send people to the Moon was the Apollo program. Apollo 1 was going to be the first flight of an Apollo spaceship. It wasn't going to go to the Moon – it was going to orbit the Earth while the astronauts tested and checked the equipment and machines that would be used to go to the Moon on another flight.

Three men were assigned to be the crew of the Apollo 1 mission: Virgil Grissom (usually called Gus Grissom), Ed White, and Roger Chaffee.

Gus Grissom had been in space before, on a mission called Mercury-Redstone 4. In a tiny spaceship called "Liberty Bell 7," he'd become the second American to go into space.

Ed White had also been to space before, on the Gemini 4 mission. He was the first American to take a "spacewalk," leaving the safety of his spaceship while in space and moving around outside in a spacesuit.

Roger Chaffee had not been in space yet, but he was a great pilot. He had worked with the space program on the ground, helping astronauts who were flying in space. He had been the person who talked to Gemini 4 during its mission, and NASA trusted him to fly special research jets to learn about how rockets worked.

Before using any equipment in space, it has to be tested. During the test, the astronauts would do everything they would do during the actual mission except fire the rockets that would launch the spaceship. That meant making everything the same as it would be during the actual mission, so problems could be found and fixed before the mission started.

On January 27, 1967, the Apollo 1 spacecraft was being tested on its launch pad in Florida. All three men – Grissom, White, and Chaffee – were inside. The hatch was closed and the spacecraft was "pressurized" – meaning that there was more air inside than normal, which puts more pressure on everything inside. They needed to do this to make sure that the spacecraft was safe to fly in space. But rather than using normal air, the spacecraft was pressurized with pure oxygen.

Normal air on Earth is only about 21% oxygen, meaning that in a box of air, less than a quarter of it is oxygen. Most of the rest is a gas called nitrogen. In the Apollo 1 spacecraft, they were using pure oxygen: in the same box, all of it would be oxygen.

During the test, some wiring made a spark, and that spark started a fire. A fire needs three things to burn: heat, fuel (something that can burn), and oxygen. In the Apollo 1 spacecraft, the air was all oxygen, and this made the fire grow very quickly and burn very, very hot. In only a few seconds, the fire was out of control.

While the astronauts and the crew assigned to help the astronauts from the launch pad both tried their best to get Grissom, White, and Chaffee out of the fire, they could not. The pressure inside the spacecraft was pressing the hatch shut, and nobody could get it open to get the three men out. Gus Grissom, Ed White, and Roger Chaffee died in the fire.

Even today, we still are not sure just what started the fire. Engineers checked every inch of Apollo 1, and found several places that may have started the fire. However, they could not tell which of them had. What they could tell, though, was that there were a lot of "flammable materials" – or things that would burn easily – in the spacecraft that were near each of the possible places where the fire started. The amount of flammable material, when mixed with the pure oxygen in the spacecraft, only needed a spark to start a serious fire.

The whole world heard about the accident, and all Americans were very sad about the deaths of their astronauts. Even the Soviet Union, America's competitor in the space race, told the American government how sorry they were to hear about the fire. The Apollo program itself was stopped for almost two years while engineers made changes to the Apollo spacecraft to make it safer.

Today, there are a lot of schools, civic buildings, and other places named for Grissom, White, and Chaffee. Several memorials were built to honor their loss in the fire. But maybe the biggest legacy, or way they have been remembered, of their deaths is the change that happened in the space program: since the Apollo 1 fire, there has never been another fire in an American spacecraft – engineers learned that very painful lesson during the fire in Apollo 1 and have done everything they can to make sure another fire can never happen.


Kashō (early Heian period)




Halenda

Halenda is a village in Gujarat, India.

Halenda's altitude is 197 meters (649 feet).

The postal code is 360032.

Kashō (late Heian period)

, also romanized as Kajō, was a after "Chōji" and before "Tennin." This period started in April 1106 and ended in August 1108. The reigning emperors were and .




Pocahontas (movie)

Pocahontas is a 1995 American animated musical romantic comedy-drama movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 33rd movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It was produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance. The movie made $141,579,773 in the United States and $346,079,773 worldwide. In 1998, a direct-to-video sequel was released called "".

In 1607, Pocahontas, a Native American, likes to be adventurous with her friend, Nacoma, and her animal friends. When she arrives back to her tribe, Pocahontas' father Chief Powhatan tells her that she will marry Kocoum, a brave warrior. Pocahontas does not like Kocoum because he is very "serious". She later leaves off to see her Grandmother Willow, a spiritual willow tree who gives advise and wisdom. Grandmother Willow warns Pocahontas that the British are coming. Governor Ratcliffe lands in the United States (New World) and names it James Town. He then tells the crew to dig for gold. Explorer John Smith goes out to explore the surroundings. He and Pocahontas meet and become interested in one another. Smith shares his knowledge of how his "people" live their lives. Pocahontas is offended when Smith calls her people "savages" because they do not have any modern buildings or a society ruled by a king. Pocahontas then shares her knowledge and shows Smith that family values, life and nature are the most important things then having a king and buildings ("Colors of The Wind").

After this, Pocahontas and Smith fall in love. Chief Powhatan warns Pocahontas to stay away from the British because of their weapons. After finding Pocahontas and Smith kissing, Kocoum fights Smith and tries to kill him. Thomas witnesses the fight and kills Kocoum with a gun. This results in a battle between the Native Americans and the British. Smith is kept captive by the Native Americans who want to kill Smith. Pocahontas successfully saves Smith from being killed. While witnessing the whole situation, Ratcliffe tries to shoot Chief Powhatan, though Smith takes the bullet to save him. In the end, Smith is forced to go back to London to get treatment without Pocahontas.

Sakanoue no Tamuramaro

Emperor Kammu gave Tamuramaro the title of shogun. He was given the task of conquering the Ezo tribes, also known as the . This were the population who lived in the northern part of Honshū

After Emperor Kammu's death, the general continued to serve Emperor Heizei and Emperor Saga as and . 

Tamuramaro was only the second warrior to receive the title of shogun. The first to receive this title was Ōtomo no Otomaro.
Tamuramaro's military successes are commemorated today in local festivals in the Tohoku region. 

Tamuramaro's name is linked with payments for construction projects at Kiyomizu Temple ("Kiyomizu-dera") in the late 8th century.


The warrior is buried at Shogun-zuka which is east of Kyoto. His bow, arrows, quiver and sword were buried with him by order of the Emperor.

Kennelly-Heaviside layer

The Kennelly–Heaviside layer, also known as the E-region, is part of the ionosphere. It is a region which is between 90 km and 150 km from the earth’s surface. It is named after the American engineer Arthur Edwin Kennelly and the British scientist Oliver Heaviside. These two scientists both predicted that this area existed, although it was not until some years later that it was proved.

In the Kennelly-Heaviside layer neutral molecules are split into electrons and positively charged molecules. Radio waves can be bounced off this region so that long-distance radio messages can be sent over long distances around the curved surface of the earth. This was why Marconi had been able to send radio messages across the Atlantic in 1902, although it was not understood at the time.


Vicente Fox

Vicente Fox Quesada (born July 2, 1942) is a Mexican politician. He was 55th President of Mexico from December 1, 2000 to November 30, 2006. Fox is currently co-president of the Centrist Democrat International. It is an international organization of Christian democratic political parties.

Fox was elected President of Mexico in the 2000 presidential election, a historically important election that made him the first president elected from an opposition party since Francisco I. Madero in 1910. He was the first opposition party member in 71 years to defeat the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He won with 42 percent of the vote.

After being President of Mexico for six years, President Fox returned to his home state of Guanajuato. He lives there with his wife and family. Since leaving the presidency, Vicente Fox has been involved in public speaking and the construction of the Vicente Fox Center of Studies, Library and Museum.

Since the 2016 U.S. presidential election, Fox emerged as an outspoken critic of Republican President of the United States Donald Trump.

In September 2017, Fox said that he will run for President of the United States in the 2020 United States presidential election as an Independent. Fox however cannot be president because he was not born in the United States and said that his candidacy is only satirical.

Union Association

The Union Association was a league in Major League Baseball. Its only season of operation was 1884. The St. Louis Maroons had the best record in the league, with 94 wins and 19 losses.

Atlantic League (1896–1900)

The Atlantic League was a minor league baseball organization that operated between 1896 and 1900. Its teams were from the Northeastern United States.

Ithaca Tompkins Regional Airport

Ithaca Tompkins Regional Airport is a county-owned public-use airport three miles (5 km) northeast of the central business district of Ithaca, the county seat and largest city in Tompkins County, New York, United States. The airport is near New York State Route 13. It serves the southern Finger Lakes Region. It is used for private as well as commercial passenger and freight aviation.

For over 50 years, the East Hill Flying Club has been at the airport. The club offers lessons and the use of seven small planes to its members. Taughannock Aviation which provides business jet charter and management is the fixed base operator for the airport.

The original Ithaca Municipal Airport was located west of downtown Ithaca, near the inlet of Cayuga Lake. Its single short runway, proximity to the Lehigh Valley freight yards on the south side, the Cayuga Lake marshes on the north side, and fog in the lake valley limited its growth. Cornell University opened the existing airport on East Hill in 1948 and transferred its ownership to the County in 1956. The former airport site is now Cass Park, including an airplane hangar which was renovated in 1975 to house the Hangar Theatre.

In 1994, the runway was extended from in length to its present and an entirely new, 33,000 square foot (3,000 m²) terminal building opened, replacing the cramped, aging original building. The airport name changed from Tompkins County Airport to its current name on March 20, 2001. The northwest-facing runway 32 has an instrument landing system approach and an associated medium intensity approach light system with runway alignment lights. Runway 14, facing southeast, has an instrument approach based on the VOR/DME located at the airport. A short turf runway was built parallel to the paved runway, but during the 1980s another turf runway oriented north-south was available to the west of the terminal building and was
approximately long and wide.

Commercial traffic peaked in 1990 at 226,813 passengers. By 2000, the airport lost three of its major carriers. The airport was hurt by the small size of the market, relative proximity to Syracuse Hancock International Airport and other regional airports, and crowded conditions in Northeastern airspace. Trans World Airlines, United Airlines, and finally Continental Airlines left to serve more profitable routes, leaving US Airways the sole carrier.

In late 2004, after negotiations with the County, Northwest Airlines agreed to add Northwest Airlink service to Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, which began on May 2, 2005. US Airways nonstop service to Pittsburgh resumed on November 9, 2005 but stopped again on April 1, 2006 due to low use. (Pittsburgh is a US Airways focus city.) Passenger traffic improved with the additional service; the airport served about 140,000 passengers in 2004, increasing to around 170,000 in 2007.

On October 6, 2008, Continental Connection resumed service between Ithaca and Newark Liberty International Airport with four daily flights.

Ithaca Tompkins Regional Airport covers an area of which contains two runways: 14/32 with 6,601 x 150 ft (2,012 x 46 m) asphalt pavement and 15/33 with a 2,018 x 50 ft (615 x 15 m) turf surface.

For the 12-month period ending October 31, 2006, the airport had 53,038 aircraft operations, an average of 145 per day: 77% general aviation, 20% scheduled commercial, 2% air taxi and <1% military. At that time there were 62 aircraft based at this airport: 68% single-engine, 15% multi-engine, 16% jet and 2% ultralight.

Cornell kept much of the land surrounding the airport to build a research park.

TCAT Route 32 travels to the Commons and Cornell University Monday through Friday, As of 2010, Route 72 serves the airport on weekends.

Ithaca Dispatch (Cayuga, University, Yellow Cab) operates a taxi stand at the airport, although it may be necessary to call in advance, especially during peak hours. Fares to and from the airport are standardized.


Light curve

In astronomy, a light curve is a graph that shows the brightness of light from a celestial object or region, over a certain amount of time. 

The light is usually in a particular frequency interval or band. Light curves can be periodic, that is they repeat in a regular pattern. Examples are eclipsing binaries and cepheid variables. Light curves can also be aperiodic, that is they are irregular with no pattern. Examples include the light curve of a nova, a cataclysmic variable star, a supernova or other event. The study of the light curve, together with other observations, gives information about the physical process that produces it or constrains the physical theories about it.

In the study of planets (planetology), a light curve can be used to work out the rotation period of a minor planet, moon, or comet nucleus. From the Earth many objects are so small that even the most powerful telescopes are unable to see objects clearly. Because of this astronomers measure the amount of light produced by the object over a period of time, its light curve. 

The time between the peaks on the graph gives the rotational period of the object. The difference between the maximum and minimum brightness, the amplitude of the light curve, can be caused by either the shape of the object, or bright and dark areas on the surface. For example, an odd shaped asteroid's light curve generally has more pronounced peaks, while a more spherical object's light curve will be flatter. When the light curve covers a long period of time, it is called a secular light curve.

In botany, a light curve shows the photosynthetic response of a leaf or algae to the brightness of a light. 

In low light, the rate of photosynthesis is limited by the amount of chlorophyll and the efficiency of the light-dependent reactions. In higher light levels it is limited by the efficiency of RuBisCO (an enzyme) and the amount of carbon dioxide. 

The point on the graph where these two differing lines meet is called the light saturation point. This is where the light-dependent reactions are making more ATP and NADPH than can be used by the light-independent reactions. Since photosynthesis is also limited by ambient carbon dioxide levels, light curves are often repeated at several different constant carbon dioxide concentrations.


Long Beach Airport

Long Beach Airport is a city-owned public-use airport three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of the City of Long Beach, in Los Angeles County, California, United States. It serves Los Angeles and Orange Counties. It is also called Daugherty Field. It used to be called Long Beach Municipal Airport.


Bone fracture

Bone fractures happen when a bone is damaged by stress. The bone can be fractured in many different ways. 

Most human bones are strong and do not break when hit by strong impacts or forces. However, if that force is too powerful, or there is something wrong with the bone, it can fracture. 

There are many different types of bone fractures. Fractures are often separated into categories.

In an "open" fracture (also called a "compound" fracture), the broken bone breaks through the skin. This can cause infection, since the skin usually protects the body from germs. If the skin is broken, germs can get into the body. Open fractures can also damage muscles, tendons and ligaments if the sharp ends of the broken bone go through them.

In a "closed" fracture, the broken bone does not break through the skin.

In a "simple" fracture, the broken bone is the only thing that is damaged.

In a "complex" fracture, the sharp ends of the broken bone damage the soft tissue around the bone.

This is the type of injury in which the broken bone has passed through the skin, forming some wounds. That is why it is also called an open fracture or composite fracture. Compared to the simple fracture, the open wound has made it even more dangerous since the person suffering from it is exposed to infection. Therefore, an operation may be necessary to prevent the wound from becoming infected.

In a "complete" fracture, the bone is broken all the way through. The broken bone is in two separate pieces.

In an "incomplete" fracture, the bone is not broken all the way through. The bone is partly broken, but it is still in one piece. There are a few kinds of incomplete fractures, including:

In a "comminuted" fracture, at least three pieces of a bone have broken off. This means the bone is in four separate pieces or more (the main bone, plus the three or more pieces that have broken off).

Sometimes people have "multiple" fractures. This can mean two different things:

On average, it usually takes 6-8 weeks for a fracture to heal. However, healing times depend on many different things, like which bones were broken, how bad the breaks were, age (younger people usually heal faster), and nutrition.

Most fractures are diagnosed by using an X-ray. If the X-ray cannot see the fracture, other scans, like MRIs and CT scans, can show that a fracture exists.

The best way to "fix" a bone fracture is to make sure the ends of the broken bone are lined up and tight together. As the American Academy on Orthopedic Surgeons says:
""All forms of treatment of broken bones follow one basic rule: the broken pieces must be put back into position and prevented from moving out of place until they are healed... Broken bone ends heal by "knitting" back together with new bone being formed around the edge of the broken parts.""

To help decrease pain from the fracture, doctors can prescribe medications or suggest over-the-counter painkillers.

Scientists have come up with a few ways to "regenerate bone" (make the bone grow again). Their many ideas for future strategies include doing gene therapy and using 3-D printers.



Phase

A phase is one part of a cycle or change that goes in a circle. For example, the moon has phases. 
The seasons of the year, spring, summer, fall, and winter, are also phases. The planet Venus has phases, like the moon: Galileo showed that the phases of Venus meant it must go around the Sun, not the earth.

Jeong In-ji

Jeong In-ji (, 1396 - 1478) was a Korean Joseon Dynasty politician, scholar, writer, historian. His nickname was Hakyeokjae ().

His son Jeong hyun-jo married Princess Uisuk, daughter of Joseon Dynasty 7th king Sejo of Joseon. Great granddaughter Grandlady Jeong, mother of 14th king Seonjo of Joseon.



Los Alamitos Army Airfield

Los Alamitos Army Airfield is a military airport. It is one mile (2 km) southeast of central Los Alamitos, California, and within its city limits.

Los Alamitos Army Airfield has two runways:

In the 1930s the Long Beach Airport was owned by that city and was also used as a Naval Reserve air station. In the late 1930s and early 1940s, the United States Navy perceived as a hostile attitude on the part of the City of Long Beach regarding improvements and maintenance of Long Beach Airport. Without telling the Long Beach officials, the Navy began looking for a new place for its flight operations. Admiral Ernest J. King, then the Chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, and Admirals William D. Leahy, Joseph K. Taussig, and Allen E. Smith pointedly requested that the city of Long Beach repair the runways and reminded the city that the Pacific Fleet, then laying offshore in both Long Beach and San Pedro harbors, had a payroll of more than $1 million a month. Eventually the city complied with the Navy's requests.

Still, the city continued to show a hostile attitude toward approving a lease on any additional land that the Naval Reserve required.

The Navy was fed up with the city of Long Beach. It decided upon the purchase of some property owned by Susanna Bixby Bryant, a fact made known by the commander of the base, Commander Thomas A. Gray, to the Chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, Admiral John H. Towers. The circumstances behind the purchase were revealed to James V. Forrestal, Under Secretary of the Navy, and by him to the House Naval Affairs committee who approved the purchase. Although Comdr. Gray had offered Mrs. Bryant $350 an acre, in the best patriotic spirit she sold the property at $300 an acre. The land is 4 miles east of the Long Beach Airport.
With the site acquired, in 1941, construction funds soon followed and Naval Reserve Air Base (NRAB) Los Alamitos began to take shape. The new base provided many jobs and spurred modest growth. On 1 June 1941, operations moved from Long Beach to Los Alamitos.

By May 1942, Los Alamitos was operating with a complete physical plant including administrative office, sick bay, a synthetic training facility, central files, classroom, and an assembly & repair department. With a station complement of about 2,500 officers and men, the initial aviation cadets began their training. The first graduating class numbered 729 cadets, 180 having washed out. By the end of the year, the base's 36 planes had increased to 140, and in 1943, five outlying fields were acquired, Training was carried out mostly in plywood planes. When changed from the command of the Naval Primary Training Command to that of Naval Air Center, Eleventh Naval District, on 15 August 1943, it was used to station carrier air groups. Renamed a naval air station, its flight operations were conducted by a Fleet Air Detachment, with station complement dropping from about 250 officers and 2000 men to 40 officers and 500 men and the Assembly and Repair Department discontinued but still used by the CASU on board. Many CASUs and ARGUSs (groups to establish forward air bases) were formed at and dispatched from Los Alamitos during the war. With additional construction undertaken after mid-1943, the total investment at the station to 1 January 1945 was $4,827,014.64. Growing from one officer, one man, and one plane in 1928, Los Alamitos in 1945 had become one of the Navy's most important air stations.

On 15 August 1943 it became an operational training base for training of fleet units and was reclassified as a Naval Air Station. In addition to providing training, the base serviced aircraft from the battle fleet, including carrier air groups from USS Lexington, Saratoga, and Langley.

NRAB Los Alamitos was initially under the command of the naval operating base at San Pedro, California. Like other Naval Reserve Air Bases established during the 1930s, it fell under the command of the Naval Air Primary Training Command on 1 October 1942; Naval Air Center, Eleventh Naval District, San Diego, on 15 August 1943; and finally Naval Air Bases, Eleventh Naval District, on 10 August 1944. As an NRAB, the mission of Los Alamitos was to instruct, train and drill Naval Reserve aviation personnel living in the Eleventh Naval District.

Many former military personnel chose to stay on in the City of Los Alamitos after the war, living in such neighbourhoods as Carrier Row, where streets are named for World War II aircraft carriers.

As was the case with other naval air stations retained in operating status following the war, Los Alamitos suffered a period of transitions and changes. Under the command of the Chief of Naval Air Training at NAS Pensacola, its missions were to train reservists and service the fleet. On 1 March 1946, while it provided training, CASU 33 supported Air Group 98, but the devotion of activity could be measured by the fact that, as of 28 February 1946, it had only ninety-seven V-6 personnel on active duty as station keepers, yet until the end of September this group provided proficiency flying for more than 1,500 inactive reserve pilots. Meanwhile, CASU 706 supported Patrol Squadron 908 (VP-908), Escort Carrier Air Groups 779 and 778, and Carrier Air Group 716. On 16 August 1946, the first group of aviation cadets in the Selective Training Program came on board, and after 1 September, the station would be used by the Naval Air Transport Service (NATS). On 13 October, the record-making Truculent Turtle, which had flown nonstop for almost 4,500 miles, paid the station a visit. By the end of 1946, with 243 reserve pilots, 1,375 volunteer reserve pilots, 255 inactive reserve enlisted men, and 368 active duty station keepers, Los Alamitos was one of the busiest Naval Air Reserve Stations. Between January and March 1947, the station became the largest in the entire Naval Reserve air training program.

On 17 May 1947, the administration of NAF Litchfield Park, southwest of downtown Phoenix, Arizona, was placed under Los Alamitos to serve volunteer reserve aviation personnel in the Phoenix-Tucson area. With 1,300 organized reservists, 1,682 inactive reservists, 12 over-aged reservists, 7 women reservists, and 583 station keepers, Los Alamitos remained the largest Naval Air Reserve Station in the United States.

On board during the first quarter of 1948 were a light carrier aircraft group (CLG); two carrier air groups; two escort carrier air groups; two patrol plane squadrons; three transport squadrons; four fleet aircraft service squadrons; two Marine fighting squadrons and a Marine ground control interceptor unit; two volunteer units, one at Litchfield, one on the station proper; a NATS Unit; GCA; and an all-weather station. Until it was decided that there were not enough personnel to continue associated volunteer units at Bakersfield Municipal Airport and Santa Barbara, Los Alamitos assumed administrative responsibilities for them. At the station full operations were carried on for five days a week from 0730 to 1630. Saturday night was reserved for night flying. Operations were limited on Mondays and Thursdays; weekends were madhouses as the "weekend warriors" came on board.

On 7 November 1949, Los Alamitos received its first jet aircraft, an FJ-1 Fury. With all FGs replaced with F6F Hellcats, a reorganisation occurred on 1 December 1950 in which there was provided a wing staff with twenty-five squadrons. During the summer of 1950, 105 midshipmen from the United States Naval Academy reported for four days of an air cruise and 112 seamen reported for eight weeks of training duty. Meanwhile, there was a waiting list for pilots and ground officers. When the naval aviation cadet programme, which had opened on 1 July, closed on 25 October 1950, Los Alamitos had obtained a tenth of the cadets recruited in the entire nation. Meanwhile, in answer to President Truman's request for reservists to volunteer for duty during the Korean War, VG-781 requested mobilization as a complete unit, and was accepted – the first squadron in the nation to do so. Three Marine Corps Organized Reserve units were ordered to active duty, and so was VP-772. To speed up training, on 6 March and again on 16 May 1951 ninety-day trainees reported on board. The third group of trainees came on board for training 16 June and many of them and station personnel helped saved lives and property during heavy rains and floods that damaged the nearby town of Los Alamitos. On 15 January 1952, the first helicopter unit came to the base. Also in 1952, a reserve air intelligence unit came to the base.

On 16 July 1957, then-Major John H. Glenn, Jr., USMC, set the Transcontinental air speed record, flying a F8U-1 Crusader from NAS Los Alamitos to Floyd Bennett Field, New York, in 3 hours, 23 minutes, and 8.4 seconds. Project Bullet, as the mission was called, provided both the first transcontinental flight to average supersonic speed, and the first continuous transcontinental panoramic photograph of the United States. Glenn was awarded his fifth Distinguished Flying Cross for the mission.

For the next decade, operations at Los Alamitos were routine. In 1970, however, the Navy closed the station as a Naval Air Reserve training facility and let it serve merely as a Naval Air Station. In 1972, helicopter elements of both the California Army National Guard and United States Army Reserve moved from leased facilities at commercial airports to NAS Los Alamitos. Following approval of an environmental impact statement filed in August 1973, the base was designated an Armed Forces Reserve Center for which the Navy was designated host, and the California Army National Guard was charged with operating the airfield.

The senior command on post is the 40th Infantry Division (Mechanized), headquartered in the large, prominent building facing the flagpole and main entrance artery.

On 23 August 1977, 'ownership' of the base was transferred from the U.S. Navy to the U.S. Army. The U.S. Army 'licensed' the operation of the base to the California Army National Guard. The base was commanded by BG James Benson. Los Alamitos Army Airfield was commanded by LTC James C. Ghormley, III.

In July 2000, Los Alamitos Armed Force Reserve Center was renamed Los Alamitos Joint Forces Training Center.

This place served as the starting line for the 14th season of the hit CBS Reality TV Show "The Amazing Race". The base's status as an alternate landing area for Air Force One was mentioned in a West Wing episode.


Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility

Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility (TJNAF), commonly called Jefferson Lab or JLab, is a U.S. national laboratory in Newport News, Virginia. It is near exit 256 of Interstate 64. Since June 1, 2006, it has been operated by Jefferson Science Associates, LLC, a joint venture between Southeastern Universities Research Association, Inc., and CSC Applied Technologies, LLC. Until 1996 it was known as the Continuous Electron Beam Accelerator Facility (CEBAF). This name is still used a lot for the main accelerator.

Founded in 1984, JLab employs over 675 people. Over 2,000 scientists from around the world have conducted research using the facility. Its mission is "to provide forefront scientific facilities, opportunities and leadership essential for discovering the fundamental structure of nuclear matter; to partner in industry to apply its advanced technology; and to serve the nation and its communities through education and public outreach."

The facility is being rebuilt to increase its energy from 6 GeV to 12 GeV. To do this, more powerful magnets and power supplies are added to the accelerator. Also, a new experimental hall will be added. The CEBAF is shut down from May to December 2011 for installation and construction will be completed by 2013. Full operations will begin in 2015.

The laboratory's main research facility is the CEBAF accelerator, which consists of a polarized electron source and injector and a pair of 7/8 mile (1400 m) long superconducting RF linear accelerators. The ends of the two linear accelerators are connected to each other by two arc sections with magnets that bend the electron beam in an arc. So, the beam path is a race-track shaped oval. (Most accelerators, such as CERN or Fermilab, have a circular path with many short chambers to speed up the electrons spread along the circle.) As the electron beam makes up to five successive orbits, its energy is increased up to a maximum of 6 GeV. Effectively, CEBAF is a linear accelerator (LINAC), like SLAC at Stanford, that has been folded up to a tenth of its normal length. It acts as if it were a 7.8 mile long linear accelerator.

The design of CEBAF allows the electron beam to be continuous rather than the pulsed beam typical of ring shaped accelerators. (There is some beam structure but the pulses are very much shorter and closer together.) The electron beam is directed onto three potential targets (see below). One of the distinguishing features of JLab is the continuous nature of the electron beam, with a bunch length of less than 1 picosecond. Another is JLab's use of superconducting RF (SRF) technology, which uses liquid helium to cool niobium to approximately 4 K (−452.5°F), removing electrical resistance and allowing the most efficient transfer of energy to an electron. To achieve this, JLab uses the world's largest liquid helium refrigerator, and was one of the first large-scale implementators of SRF technology. The accelerator is built 8 meters, or approximately 25 feet, below the Earth's surface, and the walls of the accelerator tunnels are 2 feet thick. 

The beam ends in three experimental halls, called Hall A, Hall B, and Hall C. Each hall contains a unique spectrometer to record the results of collisions between the electron beam and a stationary target. This allows physicists to study the structure of the atomic nucleus, specifically the interaction of the quarks that make up protons and neutrons of the nucleus.

Each time around the loop, the beam passes through each of the two LINAC accelerators, but through a different set of bending magnets. (Each set is designed to handle a different beam speed.) The electrons make up to five passes through the LINAC accelerators.

When a nucleus in the target is hit by an electron from the beam, an "interaction", or "event", occurs, scattering particles into the hall. Each hall contains an array of particle detectors that track the physical properties of the particles produced by the event. The detectors generate electrical pulses that are converted into digital values by analog to digital converters (ADCs), time to digital converters (TDCs) and pulse counters (scalers). 

This digital data must be gathered and stored so that the physicist can later analyze the data and reconstruct the physics that occurred. The system of electronics and computers that perform this task is called a data acquisition system.

As of June 2010, construction has begun an additional end station, Hall D, on the opposite end of the accelerator from the other three halls, as well as an upgrade which doubles the beam energy to 12 GeV. Concurrently, an addition to the Test Lab, (where the SRF cavities used in CEBAF and other accelerators used worldwide are manufactured) is being constructed.

JLab houses the world's most powerful tunable free-electron laser, with an output of over 14 kilowatts. The United States Navy funds this research to develop an laser that could shoot down missiles. Because the lab does classified military research, it is closed to the public except for an open house held once every two years.

The JLab free-electron laser uses an energy recovery LINAC. Electrons are injected into a linear accelerator. The fast-moving electrons then pass through a wiggler which produces a bright laser light beam. The electrons are then captured and steered back to the injection end of the LINAC where they transfer most of their energy to a new batch of electrons to repeat the process. By reusing the electrons and most of their energy, the free-electron laser requires less electricity to operate. The JLab is the first energy recovery LINAC to produce ultravoliet light. Cornell University is now trying to build one to produce X-rays.

Since CEBAF has three complementary experiments running simultaneously, it was decided that the three data acquisition systems should be as similar as possible, so that physicists moving from one experiment to another would find a familiar environment. To that end, a group of specialist physicists was hired to form a data acquisition development group to develop a common system for all three halls. CODA, the CEBAF Online Data Acquisition system, was the result 

CODA is a set of software tools and recommended hardware that helps build a data acquisition system for nuclear physics experiments. In nuclear and particle physics experiments, the particle tracks are digitized by the data acquisition system, but the detectors are capable of generating a large number of possible measurements, or "data channels".

The ADC, TDC and other digital electronics are typically large circuit boards with connectors at the front edge that provide input and output for digital signals, and a connector at the back that plugs into a backplane. A group of boards are plugged into a chassis, or "crate", that provides physical support, power and cooling for the boards and backplane. This arrangement allows electronics capable of digitizing many hundreds of channels to fit into a single chassis.

In the CODA system, each chassis contains a board that is an intelligent controller for the rest of the chassis. This board, called a ReadOut Controller (ROC), configures each of the digitizing boards upon first receiving data, reads the data from the digitizers, and formats the data for later analysis.


Veszprém

Veszprém (ˈvɛspreːm; ) is one of the oldest urban areas in Hungary, and a city with county rights. The city is not far from Lake Balaton. about 15 km (9 mi). It is the administrative center of the county (comitatus or 'megye') of the same name.

Veszprém lies on both sides of the Séd creek, approximately from Budapest (via the M7 highway and Road 8). It can also be reached from Győr via Road 82 and from Székesfehérvár via Road 8.

1870: 14279<br>
1880: 14726<br>
1890: 14807<br>
1900: 16223<br>
1910: 16864<br>
1920: 17513<br>
1930: 19991<br>
1941: 24025<br>
1949: 20682<br>
1960: 28222<br>
1970: 40415<br>
1980: 57249<br>
1990: 63867<br>
2001: 62851<br>
2011: 64339<br>

Ethnic groups (2001 census)

Religions (2001 census)


Veszprém is twinned with:



Colo-Colo

Club Social y Deportivo Colo-Colo is a Chilean football club. They play in the Primera División. They are the top-flight football league in Chile. Their home ground is the Estadio Monumental David Arellano in the commune of Macul, Santiago. They are the most successful football club in their country.










Club Deportivo Universidad Católica

Club Deportivo Universidad Católica is a football club in Santiago de Chile now playing in the Primera División.

It is one of the most successful and popular football clubs in Chile as one of the three "big teams". The most traditional rival is the Universidad de Chile, frequently called the "Clásico Universitario".


Club Universidad de Chile

Club Universidad de Chile is a football club in Santiago de Chile playing in the Chilean Primera División.


Mia Kihl

Maria Kihl or Mia Kihl (born April 23, 1979 in Stockholm), is a Swedish voice actress.



William Golding

Sir William Golding (19 September 1911 – 19 June 1993) was an English writer. He was a novelist, poet, playwright, and teacher. He is famous for his novel "Lord of the Flies". He received the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1983. In 2008, "The Times" ranked Golding third on its list of "The 50 Greatest British writers since 1945".

Golding was born in Newquay, Cornwall, England on 19 September 1911. He grew up in Marlborough, Wiltshire. His father, Alec Golding, was a schoolmaster at Marlborough Grammar School. Golding and his older brother, Joseph, went to their father's school. In 1930, Golding went to Brasenose College at the University of Oxford. He studied Natural science and then English literature there. Golding graduated with an MA in 1935.

Golding then worked as an actor, producer and a writer. Then he became a teacher at Bishop Wordsworth's School, Salisbury. Golding joined the Royal Navy in 1940. When World War II ended, Golding continued teaching and writing. He left Bishop Wordsworth's School in 1961 and began writing full-time.

Golding's first published novel was "Lord of the Flies". Golding used his experience of the Second World War and his teaching knowledge of children to write the book. "Lord of the Flies" is a story about a group of school boys who are trapped on a desert island. The children quickly become savages and begin to murder each other. The novel gained widespread interest because of its political message.

Golding went on to write many more books, including "The Inheritors", "Rites of Passage" and many others. He had a rather pessimistic view of humanity. His novels are often set in closed communities, such as islands, villages, monasteries, groups of hunter-gatherers, ships at sea or a pharaoh's court.

Golding was knighted for his work in 1988. He died five years later, on 19 June 1993, of heart failure in Cornwall.


Verse-chorus form

Verse-chorus form is a musical form that is common in popular music. Verse-chorus forms have been the basis for rock music since the 1960s.


Homesickness

Homesickness is a feeling of unhappiness a person may have when away from home or from familiar surroundings or people. It has a similar meaning to the word "nostalgia".

Homesickness is not about how much you miss your home. It is about how much dependent you are on other people or your parents, how much pampered you are or how much difficult it is for you to be in a different place. People sometimes become homesick when they travel. They miss their own home and desperately want to go back. Children may often feel homesick, especially when they are away from their parents for the first time. Usually these feelings will go away as one gets used to the new environment, but sometimes homesickness can make a person depressed.

People may easily feel homesick if they travel to an environment in which the culture is very difficult to what they are used to, and especially if a foreign language is being spoken. Children who are sent away to boarding school will very often feel homesick.

A good way to help children overcome (or avoid) homesickness is to start with being away from home just for short periods, staying with people they know well, e.g. grandparents or good friends.

George Crabbe

George Crabbe (born Aldeburgh, Suffolk, 24 December 1754; died Trowbridge, Wiltshire, 3 February 1832) was an English poet and naturalist. His poem "The Borough" which describes life in a small town in Suffolk, inspired Benjamin Britten to compose his opera "Peter Grimes".

George Crabbe was born in Aldeburgh, Suffolk. His father was a tax collector. As a child he loved poetry. In 1768, he was apprenticed to a local doctor, but he did not learn much from him. In 1771 he changed masters and moved to Woodbridge. There he met Sarah Elmy, who was to become his wife. She had the patience to wait until he had finished his medical studies before marrying him. She encouraged him in his verse writing. In 1775 he published his first work: "Inebriety". In 1780 he decided to give up being a doctor. He borrowed some money and went to London where he tried to become known as a poet. It took several years, during which time he became a clergyman. He became chaplain to the Duke of Rutland at Belvoir Castle in Leicestershire.

Crabbe became well-known when he wrote a poem called "The Village" (1783). It was a long poem which described life in the country as he had known it. In 1783, he married Sarah. In 1814, he became Rector of Trowbridge in Wiltshire, where he stayed. Now that he had a family he did not feel any more need to write poetry and so he wrote nothing for 22 years. He then wrote more poems about the village community, including "The Borough" (1810). By the time of his death, he was well known and a friend of William Wordsworth, Sir Walter Scott and other important literary figures of the time.

Crabbe also knew a lot about insects and made a detailed study of beetles.

Like George Crabbe, the composer Benjamin Britten (1913-1976) also came from Aldeburgh. When he was in America during World War II he read Crabbe's poem "The Borough". It made him homesick and he decided to return to England. He wrote an opera "Peter Grimes" which was based on Crabbe's poem. It is one of the greatest operas of the 20th century.

Near-Earth object

A near-Earth object (NEO) is a Solar System object whose orbit brings it close to the Earth. 

Their least distance from the Sun, their perihelion, is less than 1.3 AU. NEOs include near-Earth asteroids (NEAs) and near-Earth comets.

They include more than ten thousand near-Earth asteroids (NEAs), near-Earth comets, some solar-orbiting spacecraft, and meteoroids large enough to be tracked in space before striking the Earth. Collisions in the past have had a significant role in shaping the geological and biological history of the planet. 

In some cases NEOs hit the Earth. Most of these meteors explode harmlessly in the upper atmosphere. But some NEOs are dangerous. We try to find out when one is going to hit Earth using impact prediction. On 30 June 1908, a meteorite of around 45 metres in diameter exploded over the basin of the Podkamennaya Tunguska River. It released an energy of 10–15 megatons of TNT and destroyed roughly 2,000 square kilometres of forest. 

Because the location was remote, no deaths were recorded. The Association of Space Explorers estimates that a Tunguksa-like event happens two or three times every thousand years on average. An asteroid roughly 10 km in diameter is thought to have hit Earth 66 million years ago and caused the K/T extinction event, including the extinction of all non-avian dinosaurs.

Such an explosion, similar to one of the biggest nuclear weapons, could have razed London about as far out as the M25 ring road.

Cyclopia

Cyclopia (also called cyclocephaly or synophthalmia) is a birth defect. Cyclopia is characterized by a failure of the prosencephalon to separate the two orbits (eyes). This leads to the formation of a central deformed eye and an absence of a nasal cavity. It causes can be either genetic, or as a result of an exposure to poisons. The term "cyclopia" comes from Cyclops, a giant one-eyed creature the Greek Greek mythology.

Babies with Cyclopia rarely live longer than one day.

Hōki Province

The province had borders with Inaba, Mimasaka, Bitchū, Bingo, and Izumo Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Kurayoshi. A major castle town was at Yonago.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izu Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Shitori jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Hōki. 


Free-electron laser

A free-electron laser, or FEL, is a laser that produces a very bright beam of light. It is basically a super flashlight. It shares the same optical properties as conventional lasers such as emitting a beam consisting of coherent electromagnetic radiation which can reach high power. The FEL used operating principles to form the beam that are very different operating principles of a conventional laser. Unlike gas, liquid, or solid-state lasers such as diode lasers, in which electrons are excited while bound to atoms, FELs use a relativistic electron beam as the lasing medium which moves freely through a magnetic structure, hence the term "free electron." The free-electron laser has the widest frequency range of any laser type, and can be widely tunable, currently ranging in wavelength from microwaves, through terahertz radiation and infrared, to the visible spectrum, to ultraviolet, to X-rays.

Free—electron lasers were invented by John Madey in 1976 at Stanford University. The work builds on research done by Hans Motz and his coworkers who made the first undulator at Stanford in 1953 using the wiggler magnetic configuration which is at the heart of a free-electron laser. Madey used a 24 MeV electron beam and 5 m long wiggler to amplify a signal. Soon afterward, other laboratories with accelerators started developing such lasers.

Free-electron lasers use a lot of electricity when they operate. To reduce the energy needed to keep them operating, scientist use an energy recovery linear accelerator to recycle the high-energy electron beam that activates the laser.


Janet Baker

Dame Janet Baker, CH, DBE, FRSA (born 21 August 1933) is an English mezzo-soprano. From the 1950s to the 1980s she was one of the best known classical music singers in opera, concert, and lieder. She sang a lot of Baroque music including early Italian opera as well as works by modern composers, especially those of Benjamin Britten.

Janet Baker was born in Hatfield, South Yorkshire in the north of England. Her father was an engineer who sang in a male voice choir. She went to York College for Girls and then Wintringham Girls' Grammar School in Grimsby. In her early years she worked in a bank. She went to London in 1953 where she had singing lessons from Meriel St Clair and Helene Isepp, whose son Martin became her regular accompanist. She was knocked down by a bus in 1956 and had concussion and a back injury which often gave her pain. That same year, she came second in the Kathleen Ferrier Memorial Competition at the Wigmore Hall, which started to make her famous.

In 1956, Baker sang in opera for the first time with the Oxford University Opera Club as Miss Róza in Smetana's "The Secret". That year, she also sing at Glyndebourne. In 1959, she sang Eduige in the Handel Opera Society's "Rodelinda"; other Handel roles included "Ariodante" (1964), of which she later made an excellent recording with Raymond Leppard, and "Orlando" (1966), which she sang at the Barber Institute, Birmingham.

With the English Opera Group at Aldeburgh, Baker sang Purcell's "Dido and Aeneas" in 1962, Polly (Benjamin Britten's version of "The Beggar's Opera") and Lucretia (in Britten's "The Rape of Lucretia"). At Glyndebourne she appeared again as Dido (1966) and as Diana/Jupiter in Francesco Cavalli's "La Calisto", and Penelope in Monteverdi's "Il ritorno d'Ulisse in Patria". For Scottish Opera she sang Dorabella in Mozart's "Così fan tutte", Dido, Octavian in Richard Strauss's "Der Rosenkavalier", the Composer in "Ariadne auf Naxos" and the role of Orfeo in Gluck's "Orfeo ed Euridice". She sang that role everywhere and she is often associated with it.

In 1966, Baker made her first appearance as Hermia at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, and went on to sing Berlioz's Dido, Kate in Britten's "Owen Wingrave", Mozart's Vitellia and Idamantes, Cressida in William Walton's "Troilus and Cressida" and the title role in Gluck's "Alceste" (1981) there. For the English National Opera, she sang the title role in Monteverdi's L'incoronazione di Poppea (1971), Charlotte in Massenet's "Werther", and the title roles in Donizetti's "Maria Stuarda" and Handel's "Giulio Cesare".

As well as opera, Janet Baker often sang oratorio roles and gave solo recitals. Among her best recordings are her singing of the Angel in Elgar's "The Dream of Gerontius", made with Sir John Barbirolli in December 1964 and Sir Simon Rattle over twenty years later; her 1965 performances of Elgar's "Sea Pictures" and Mahler's Rückert-Lieder, also recorded with Barbirolli; and, also from 1965, the first commercial recording of Ralph Vaughan Williams's Christmas oratorio "Hodie" under Sir David Willcocks. In 1976, she gave the first performance of Britten’s the solo cantata "Phaedra" which had been written for her.

Dame Janet Baker's last operatic appearance was as Orfeo in Gluck's "Orfeo ed Euridice", on 17 July 1982, at Glyndebourne. She published a memoir, "Full Circle", in 1982. In 1991, Baker was elected Chancellor of the University of York, a position she kept until 2004.

Baker received many awards, including a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1976 and a member of the Order of the Companions of Honour (CH) in 1993.

She married in 1957.


Jingo-keiun


The "Jingō-kaihō"' was a copper coin issued from 765 to 796. It had a diameter of about 23 mm and a weight of between 3.4 and 4.5 grams.



Inaba Province

The province had borders with Harima, Hōki, Mimasaka, and Tajima Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was at Tottori city. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Inaba Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Ube jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Inaba. 


Iwami Province

In the Edo period, silver was discovered and mined. The was added to the World Heritage List in 2007.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Iwami Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Mononobe jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Iwami. 


Oki Province

The province was the Oki Islands in the Sea of Japan. The islands are near the provinces of Izumo and Hōki. 

The capital city of the province was near Saigō.

In 1221, Emperor Go-Toba was exiled to Oki.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Oki Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Mizuwakasu jinja" and "Yurahime jinja" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Oki. 


Les nuits d'été

Les nuits d'été ("Summer Nights"), Op. 7, is a song cycle by the French composer Hector Berlioz. It is a setting of six poems by Théophile Gautier. Berlioz finished composing the songs in 1841. At first they were just for a singer with piano accompaniment. The singer could be either baritone, contralto, or mezzo-soprano. Later Berlioz changed the work, making the voice a soprano and arranging the accompaniment for orchestra. The first song to be orchestrated was "L'Absence". He wrote this version for a singer called Marie Recio who went with him on a concert tour of Germany. All six songs were published in their orchestral version in 1856. That is how the work is nearly always performed nowadays. The titles of the songs are:



Iggy Azalea

Amethyst Amelia Kelly (born 7 June 1990), known professionally as Iggy Azalea, is a Australian-American rapper. She was born in Sydney and raised in Mullumbimby, New South Wales. She moved to the United States at age 16. In September 2011, she released her first mixtape "Ignorant Art". It made two promotional singles, "My World" and "Pu$$y".

Azalea's first album, "The New Classic", was going to be released in September 2013. It was later released in 2014. The single "Fancy" from the album, featuring British singer-songwriter Charli XCX, reached number one in the United States and Canada, while becoming the fourth-best performing song of 2014 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The next single, "Black Widow", features British singer Rita Ora and reached the top three of the "Billboard" Hot 100. The album was rereleased with the title "Reclassified" in late 2014 and featured the singles "Beg for It" featuring Danish singer MØ and "Trouble" featuring American R&B singer Jennifer Hudson.



Nexus S

The Nexus S is the second Google smartphone in the Google Nexus series. It is the first phone with Android 2.3.



Tajima Province

The province had borders with Harima, Inaba, Tamba, and Tango provinces.

The ancient provincial capital city was near Hidaka. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Tajima Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Izushi jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Tajima.



Tamba Province

, also known as Tanba, was an old province of Japan in the area of Hyōgo Prefecture on the island of Honshū. Along with Tango Province, it was sometimes called . 

The province had borders with Harima, Ōmi, Settsu, Tajima, Tango, Wakasa, and Yamashiro Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was in the area of modern Kameoka.

In 713 ("Wadō 6, 3rd month"), Tamba was separated from Tango.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Tamba Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Izumo daijinjū" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Tamba.



Tango Province

The province had borders with Tajima, Tamba, and Wakasa provinces.

Maizuru or Miyazu was the capital city of the province.

In 713 ("Wadō 6, 3rd month"), Tango was separated from Tamba province. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Tango Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Tango faced the Sea of Japan.

"Kono jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Tango.



Echigo Province

The province had borders with Uzen, Iwashiro, Kōzuke, Shinano, and Etchū Provinces. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Echigo Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Echigo faced the Sea of Japan.

"Iyahiko jinju" and "Koko jinja" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Echigo.



Echizen Province

The ancient capital city of the province was at Echizen. 

The boundaries of Echizen were formally established during the reigns of Empress Genshō and Empress Kōken.

Before the boundaries were established, this area including Etchū and Echigo were called Koshi.

In the Edo period, the daimyo of Fukui Domain lived at Fukui.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Echizen Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Echizen Provincial office" was established in Nyū (丹生郡, Nyū-gun).

"Kehi jingū" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Echizen.

"Ōmushi jinja" was estublished in Suishin emperor 7. It is written in “Engishiki Jinmyoutyou” and the old status of a Shinto shrine is prefectural shrine. 



Kirkpatrick Sale

Kirkpatrick Sale (born in Ithaca, New York, June 27, 1937) is an independent scholar and author who has written about political decentralism, environmentalism, luddism and technology. People say he has a "philosophy unified by decentralism" and as being "a leader of the Neo-Luddites,", an "anti-globalization leftist," and "the theoretician for a new secessionist movement."

Sale grew up in Cayuga Heights, Ithaca, New York, and would later say of the village that he "spent most of my first twenty years there, and that has made an imprint on me–on my philosophy, social attitudes, certainly on my politics–that has lasted powerfully for the rest of my life." He graduated from Cornell University, majoring in history, in 1958. 

He served as editor of the student-owned and managed newspaper, the "Cornell Daily Sun". Sale was one of the leaders of the May 23, 1958 protest against university policies forbidding male and female students fraternizing and its "in loco parentis" policy. Sale and his friend and roommate Richard Farina, and three others, were charged by Cornell. The protest was described in Farina's 1966 novel, "Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up to Me."

In 1958 he collaborated with Thomas Pynchon on an unproduced futuristic musical called "Minstrel Island."

Upon graduating in 1958, Sale married Faith Apfelbaum. She later worked as an editor with Thomas Pynchon, Kurt Vonnegut, Joseph Heller and Amy Tan. Faith died in 1999.

Sale worked initially in journalism for the leftist journal "New Leader", "a magazine founded in 1924 in part by socialists Norman Thomas and Eugene Debs," and the "New York Times Magazine". He then became a freelance journalist. He spent time in Ghana and wrote his first book about it. His second book, "SDS", was about the radical 1960s group Students for a Democratic Society, of which he was a founder. The book "is still considered one of the best sources on the youth activist organization that helped define 1960s radicalism." In 1968, he signed the “Writers and Editors War Tax Protest” pledge, vowing to refuse tax payments in protest against the Vietnam War. 

Subsequent books explored radical decentralism, bioregionalism, environmentalism, the Luddites and similar themes. He "has been a regular contributor to progressive magazines like "Mother Jones" and "The Nation" for the better part of his writing career," and has continued to write for those publications, as well as for "The American Conservative", "CounterPunch", "The New York Review of Books", and the "Utne Reader". Sale presented public affairs programming for WBAI in the early 1980s and has made appearances on alternative radio over the years.

In his 1990 book, "The Conquest of Paradise: Christopher Columbus and the Columbian Legacy", Sale argued that Christopher Columbus was an imperialist bent on conquest from his first voyage. In a "New York Times" book review, historian and member of the Christopher Columbus Quincentenary Jubilee Committee William H. McNeill wrote about Sale: "he has set out to destroy the heroic image that earlier writers have transmitted to us. Mr. Sale makes Columbus out to be cruel, greedy and incompetent (even as a sailor), and a man who was perversely intent on abusing the natural paradise on which he intruded." The book "Taking Sides: Clashing Views on Controversial Issues in American History" presents a debate between Sale and Robert Royal, vice president for research at the Ethics and Public Policy Center, who insisted that Columbus was a courageous risk-taker who advanced knowledge about other parts of the world.

Sale "has written extensively and skeptically about technology," and has said he is "a great admirer" of anarchoprimitivist John Zerzan. He has described personal computers as "the devil's work" and in the past started public speeches by smashing one. During promotion of his 1995 book "Rebels Against the Future: The Luddites and Their War on the Industrial Revolution", Sale debated with "Newsweek Magazine" senior editor and technology columnist Steven Levy "about the relative merits of the communications age".

Sale has said that he does not "care much for popular music outside some of the Tin Pan Alley era tunes of the early 20th century." For example, "he once heard a 'racket' in a nightclub during ... the 1960s from some 'young man' everyone told him was a 'big deal.' That 'young man' turned out to be Bob Dylan." Kirk recalls that "he’d never heard anything so awful in his life."

In 1995, Sale agreed to a public bet with Kevin Kelly that by the year 2020, there would be three disasters: global currency collapse, significant warfare between rich and poor, and environmental disasters of some significant size. The bet was turned into a claim on the FX prediction market, where the probability has hovered around 25%.

Sale believes that people should be able to break apart large nation-states into small pieces (secession). Sale has been called "one of the intellectual godfathers of the secessionist movement." He argues that the major theme of contemporary history, from the dissolution of the Soviet Union to the expansion of United Nations membership from 51 in 1945 to nations today, is the breakup of great empires. People on both left and right call for smaller, less powerful government.

In 2004, Sale and members of the Second Vermont Republic formed the Middlebury Institute which is dedicated to the study of separatism, secession, and self-determination. Sale is director of the institute. In 2006, Middlebury sponsored the First North American Secessionist Convention, which attracted 40 participants from 16 secessionist organizations and was described as the first gathering of secessionists since the American Civil War. Delegates issued a statement of principles of secession which they presented as the "Burlington Declaration".

In October 2007, the "New York Times" interviewed Sale about the Second North American Secessionist Convention, co-hosted by the Middlebury Institute. Sale told the interviewer, "The virtue of small government is that the mistakes are small as well." He went on to say, "If you want to leave a nation you think is corrupt, inefficient, militaristic, oppressive, repressive, but you don't want to move to Canada or France, what do you do? Well, the way is through secession, where you could stay home and be where you want to be.” The convention received worldwide media attention.

News stories about the Second North American Secessionist Convention in 2007 mentioned the controversial Southern Poverty Law Center's allegations that the other co-sponsor, The League of the South, was a "racist hate group." Sale responded, "They call everybody racists. There are, no doubt, racists in the League of the South, and there are, no doubt, racists everywhere." The Southern Poverty Law Center later criticized the New York Times' October 2007 Peter Applebombe interview of Sale for not covering its allegations.

Sale wrote the foreword to Thomas Naylor's 2008 book "Secession: How Vermont and all the Other States Can Save Themselves from the Empire." Sale continues to speak on secession and other issues around the nation.




Etchū Province

The province had borders with Echigo, Shinano, Hida, Kaga, and Noto provinces. 

The capital city of the province was Takaoka. 

The Noto Peninsula and Noto Province was separated from Etchū during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Etchū Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Takase jinja", "Keta jinja" and "Oyama jinja" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Etchū.



Kaga Province

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Kaga Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Shirayamahime jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Kaga. 


Royal New Zealand Navy

The Royal New Zealand Navy is the navy of New Zealand. It is the maritime arm of the New Zealand Defence Force. As of 2023, the Navy have nine ships and fly eight naval helicopters from the Royal New Zealand Air Force. The Navy was formed during World War II on 1st October 1941. Prior to that the Royal Navy had protected New Zealand.

"WIP"

The Navy's fleet is grouped into four groups (also called forces).
Air support uses the SH-2G Seasprite helicopter. They are operated by both the Navy and Air Force. They are part of No. 6 Squadron RNZAF. The helicopters mainly serve on HMNZS Canterbury, the frigates and the Offshore Patrol Vessels (OPVs).
The Navy has one base in Auckland Harbour called the Devonport Naval Base. It is named after the naval base in Plymouth, Britain. The base includes harbour facilities for the whole fleet. It also includes a dry-dock, once the biggest in the Southern Hemisphere, and the Navy's school.

On 1 July 2007 the RNZN had a total of 2,034 Regular Force personnel, 237 Naval Reserve personnel and 378 civilian employees, totalling 2,699. Around 1800 of that total are based at the Devonport Naval base in Auckland.

On 1 January 2011 the RNZN consisted of 2,135 Regular Force personnel, 332 Naval Reserve personnel and 375 civilian staff. 

"This is not a complete list of all Royal Navy vessels. It is a simplified version of only the major units for simplicity."
HMNZS Te Kaha (F77) is one of the navy's two frigates. She entered service in 1997. Her name means "strength" in Maori. She has served in the Persian Gulf and Solomon Islands.

HMNZS Te Mana (F111) is one of the navy's two frigates. She entered service in 1999. Her name means "authority" in Maori. She is regularly sent to the Persian Gulf and Gulf of Oman on patrol.

HMNZS Canterbury (L421) is the navy's flagship. She entered service in 2007. She is named after one of the big cities in New Zealand, Canterbury. The last HMNZS Canterbury was a famous ship in the Navy. She can do a variety of roles to support the Navy and Army. She has responded to all of the major disasters in Australia and New Zealand since her commissioning.

Androidland

Androidland is the first Android retail store, opened by the company Telstra on Bourke Street, Melbourne, Australia, in December 2011. Two more Androidland stores opened in India in 2013. 



Android store

Android store might mean:


Leka, Crown Prince of Albania

Leka, Crown Prince of Albania was Albanian (also known as "King Leka I"; 5 April 193930 November 2011), was the only son of King Zog I of Albania. Leka was also called King Leka of Albania, but he was never the ruler of the country.

He was born in Tirana in 1939. Two days later, the family was forced to leave Albania after Italy invaded the country. When his father died in exile in 1961, Leka was crowned king in a hotel in Paris. He returned to Albania in 1993, but was not allowed to stay in the country. He made a second visit in 1997. The country held a vote to decide whether they wanted to go back to a monarchy or stay as a republic. The country voted for a republic, but Leka said the vote had been changed. His supporters created demonstrations against the government. Several people were killed in the demonstrations. Leka again had to leave Albania. 

In 2002, he made an agreement with the government and came back to Tirana.

He died on 30 November 2011 in Mother Teresa Hospital, Tirana from heart and lung illnesss. He was buried next to his wife’s and mother’s grave at the public Sharra cemetery in a Tirana suburb. Later he was buried in the royal mausoleum.


Prime Minister of Thailand

The Prime Minister of Thailand (; ) is the head of government of Thailand. The Prime Minister is also the chair of the Cabinet of Thailand. The office was created after the Revolution of 1932. This was when the country became a constitutional monarchy. The current prime minister is Srettha Thavisin since 2023.


Graphene

Graphene is one of the forms of carbon. Like diamonds and graphite, the forms (or 'allotropes') of carbon have different crystal structures, and this gives them different properties. Graphene is the basic 2D (two dimensional) form of a number of 3D allotropes, such as graphite, charcoal, fullerene and carbon nanotubes.

The term "graphene" was coined as a combination of graphite and the suffix '-ene' by Hanns-Peter Boehm, who described single-layer carbon foils in 1962. Graphene is like a honeycomb or 'chicken wire' structure, made of carbon atoms and their bonds. Graphite is many graphene sheets stacked together.

Three million graphene sheets stacked to form graphite would be only one millimetre thick.

The Nobel Prize in Physics for 2010 was awarded to Sir Andre Geim and Sir Konstantin Novoselov "for groundbreaking experiments regarding the two-dimensional material graphene".

Graphene supercapacitors are among the possible applications.

An international team from the University of Manchester made a membrane of graphene oxide. They showed it blocked many gases and liquids but let water through. Sir Andre Geim said: "Helium gas is hard to stop. It slowly leaks even through a millimetre-thick window glass but our ultra-thin films completely block it. At the same time, water evaporates through them unimpeded. Materials cannot behave any stranger".

Membranes of graphene will make pretty good bullet-stoppers. Research shows that an atom-thick layer absorbs a hit better than steel. The research team suggests that combining graphene with one or more additional materials to form a composite might be the way forward.

1. Internal Structure

The internal structure of a graphene battery is quite similar to that of a standard lithium-ion battery pack. There are 2 electrodes and an electrolyte solution to enable flow of charge. The difference is that one of the electrodes in graphene-based batteries, mostly the cathode, is replaced with a hybrid composite material (solid-state metal + graphene) used in place of a standard solid-state metal

2. Advantages

Smaller, slimmer battery: Graphene being a two-dimensional material is only a single layer of atoms. To help understand this better, when you stack 3 million layers of graphene is that you get 1 mm thickness. This means that graphene would allow smartphones to be slimmer than ever and provide more space from additional electronics and allow to place higher capacity batteries.

Higher capacity: Graphene has a higher energy capacity for the same size as compared to lithium-ion batteries. While Lithium-ion batteries are known to store up to 180 Wh per kilogram, graphene based batteries capable of storing up to 1,000 Wh per kilogram. So, the same size of graphene battery pack has a higher charge capacity than lithium-ion or other commonly used batteries.

Faster charging times: Graphene is an excellent conductor of electricity. Its two-dimensional honeycomb structure doesn’t offer any resistance to the flow of electrons. So, it can charge quickly and also provide greater endurance compared to lithium ion batteries.

The invention of graphene has led to many patents for its practical application. In 2013 the score was: 

South Korean electronics giant Samsung stands out as the company with most graphene patents to its name.

Toulouse Tech

Toulouse Tech, also known as the Toulouse Institute of Technology is one of the collegiate universities in France. It was created in 2007. It gathers 16 of the best French schools, covering engineering science, management, architecture and veterinary, aiming to be of comparable status to the most famous universities of technology around the world.


From the official website:



Rory Williams

Rory Williams is a fictional character in the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".He was played by Arthur Darvill. Rory was first seen at the start of the 5th series. He joined the Eleventh Doctor (Matt Smith) as a companion in the middle of Series 5. Rory began as Amy Pond's fiancé. He was uncomfortable around the Doctor at first. This was because he believed that Amy cared more for the Doctor than she did for him. Later, he shows that he is truly a hero. Amy learns that she has always loved him and they get married. They conceive Melody Pond inside the TARDIS while it is travelling through time. Their baby is kidnapped at birth. Rory and Amy learn that their daughter is River Song, and become related to the Doctor when he marries River in The Wedding of River Song.

Rory Williams has been a close friend of Amelia "Amy" Pond since they were children. They grew up in Leadworth, a fictional village near Gloucester, in South West England, along with their friend Mels. Mels secretly knows that she is their future daughter, Melody and is, oddly enough, who Melody is named after. (Yes, she is named after herself. Time is all "wibbily-wobbly" like that where the Doctor is involved) The kids often played dress up. Amy makes Rory dress as her "imaginary friend" the "Raggedy Doctor".

Amelia first kisses Rory while dancing the macarena. Amelia grew up thinking of herself as "counting as a boy" and Rory was afraid to ever tell her his feelings toward her. She never thought that Rory was in love with her. Because he had never shown any romantic interest in other girls, she thought he was gay. Because of this, she never acted on her own feelings towards him. A year or two before the Doctor returns to Leadworth, Mels tells Rory and Amy that they have feelings for each other. This starts their relationship and in the end causes herself to actually be born.

Rory is first seen in "The Eleventh Hour" (2010). At this point he is in a romantic relationship with Amy (Karen Gillan). In 2008, he works as a nurse at the local hospital. He is curious about coma patients that he sees in the village. He is shocked to meet Amy's 'imaginary' "Raggedy Doctor" (the Eleventh Doctor - Matt Smith). Although meeting him is confusing, he know it is the Doctor without being told.

During the next two years, the Rory and Amy decide to get married. The Doctor returns the night before Rory and Amy's wedding. She travels in time with him but only after the Doctor promises to return her before the next morning. After Amy tried to seduce the Doctor, the Doctor takes her and Rory to 1580s Venice to fix the couple's relationship. Rory has always a problem with the Doctor because of his connection with Amy and her interest in him. He grows more annoyed and even paranoid with the relationship. It gets worse when the Doctor tells Rory that she kissed him. When Rory says that they should go back to Leadworth, Amy asks him to travel with them. The Doctor agrees and Rory accepts. In the episode "Amy's Choice", They have a shared dream in which they are married and Amy is pregnant. As Rory is about to die, he tells Amy to look after their baby. This causes Amy to see how much she loves him. Rory travels with the Doctor and Amy until "Cold Blood". In that episode, he is shot dead after saving the Doctor. He is then absorbed by a crack in time and space. The crack removes him all of time. As he is a part of Amy's history, she does not remembers him any more because he never existed He was removed from existence completely.

He is seen again in "The Pandorica Opens". He is a Roman soldier in AD 102. It is shown that it is not really him but a plastic duplicate with Rory's memories. He tried to fight his programming, but still shoots Amy. In the last episode of series 5, "The Big Bang", the false Rory frees the Doctor from the Pandorica. He puts Amy inside the Pandorica to keep her safe. The Pandorica is said to be the greatest prison. It was built to keep the person inside it healthy forever. The fake Rory guarded the Pandorica (and Amy) for 1,894 years. He became known as the "Last Centurion". He guarded the Pandorica wherever it was taken. He moved it to safety when the warehouse in London it was being kept in was destroyed during The Blitz. Finally, he helped a young Amy open the Pandorica and set free the adult Amy who had been fully healed over time. The Auton Rory helped the Doctor, Amy, and River Song (Alex Kingston) save the universe from the explosion that caused the cracks in time.

After the cracks were fixed, Rory was returned to his timeline. Everyone's memories were returned and he and Amy got married. When the Doctor went to the reception, he called Rory "Mr Pond". Rory did not like the name at first but accepted that is basically the truth. The Doctor left Rory and Amy for their honeymoon.

In series 6, Rory is a full-time companion. After the Doctor saves the cruise ship they were on during their honymoon from crashing, Rory and Amy join him again in the TARDIS. After some time travelling with the Doctor, Rory and Amy return to Leadworth for two months.

Rory and the Doctor are friends but their relationship is troubled by Rory's feelings that Amy may love the Doctor more than him. In "Day of the Moon", he thinks that some of the things he hears Amy say are about the Doctor and not about him. He later learns that the comments were about him. He also gets concerned when he hears Amy tell to the Doctor that she never told Rory that she thought she was pregnant. He forgives this when he learns that she was worried that would be a problem with the baby because of traveling in the TARDIS so much.

Sometime before "The Rebel Flesh", the Doctor learns that the Amy with them is not the real Amy. She is a "Flesh" avatar. The real Amy had been kidnapped. At the end of "The Almost People", Rory did not know it was not the real Amy. When the Doctor tells him to move away from Amy, Rory does not want to but finally trusts the Doctor. Rory lets the Doctor destroy the false Amy just as the real Amy begins to give birth to her baby. Amy gives birth to their daughter Melody Pond, between "The Almost People" and "A Good Man Goes To War". The baby is kidnapped and replaced by a Flesh version as Rory and the Doctor fight to get to them. Rory shows courage against a group of Cybermen. He destroys their fleet with help from the Doctor. Rory's memories of being a centurion in the alternate timeline help him to fight the Headless Monks. After the battle, Rory helps a dying Sontaran nurse. In his final words, the Sonaran speaks of Rory and himself both being a warrior and a nurse. At the end of the episode River Song appears and it is learned that she is the daughter of Amy and Rory. In the alien language of the people who raised her there are no words for Melody or Pond. The closest translation of "Melody" and "Pond" is "River" and "Song". In "Let's Kill Hitler", it is learned that Rory and Amy named their daughter Melody after their childhood friend Mels. Rory and Amy later learn that Mels is also Melody. They also see her regenerate into River Song.

As they travel, Rory sees that it can be dangerous to be on the TARDIS. He gets to the point in his travels that he tells the Doctor he does not want to travel any more if they are going to always be as risk.

In "The God Complex" Rory is the only person on the TARDIS is not hunted by the creature that feeds on faith. The Doctor thinks this is because Rory has no faith of his own. Rory also says that after traveling in the TARDIS there was very few things he was afraid of any more. The Doctor sees the danger he is putting his friends in. He takes Amy and Rory back to Earth and gives them a house and a car as a gift.

When River creates an alternate reality by not killing the Doctor at Lake Silencio, Rory is now "Captain Williams". He is a soldier working for Amy Pond. They are not a couple in this version of history but Rory is still in love with Amy. He almost dies fighting the Silence, but is saved by Amy. The two are at River's marriage to the Doctor. In the now-fixed (main) timeline, Rory and Amy are still married and Amy has become a model/spokeswoman for a line of perfume. They are visited by their daughter River, who tells them that the Doctor is still alive.

The fact that Rory dies often has been criticized. Digital Spy reviewer Morgan Jeffery wrote, "One of the key elements in Doctor Who is obviously the sense of danger and the lingering presence of death, but Rory's repeated demises and resurrections are now becoming so frequent that comparisons to "South Park's" Kenny seem almost inevitable." "SFX" gave Rory the third spot in the top 10 resurrections of science fiction TV. It said "it's becoming a cliché. But it's not one we mind too much, mainly because it's always done with such gusto. Except, perhaps, in the pirates episode which was a fairly gusto free zone all round".

However, critics have liked that Rory has had many times to be heroic in series 6. After "A Good Man Goes to War" as broadcast, io9's Charlie Jane Anders compared the character to Wesley Wyndam-Pryce (Alexis Denisof). That character's story in American television programmes "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Angel" showed him changing from comic relief to a warrior. Anders said: "Yes, we're thrilled that Rory is getting his Wesley Wyndam-Pryce on. Badass Rory is, as we already observed, totally badass. But this episode exemplified the recent trend towards Amy being reduced to a bystander, victim, or worse." 
Rory's change into a heroic character has also led to a series of "Rory Williams Facts" in the style of the popular Chuck Norris Facts internet meme.


Queen's Gambit Declined

The Queen's Gambit Declined is a chess opening which starts with 1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6. It is an old opening, and one of the most important. It is often used in top-class play. In this opening, called QGD for short, the struggle for the centre is the strategy of both players. Unlike the Queen's Gambit Accepted, Black keeps his pawn on d5 protected. A simple example:

Here White has more space, and Black has to decide how to develop his pieces. It is easier to play the white pieces in this kind of position. However, overall, black players do as well with this defence as with most others. Best for Black in this position is 10...Ne4 or 10...Re8.

Connie Talbot

Connie Victoria Elizabeth Talbot (born 20 November 2000) is an English singer-songwriter. She became famous after competing in "Britain's Got Talent". She lost at the finals.

In "Britain's Got Talent", she sang "Somewhere Over the Rainbow". This led her to the semi-finals. She then competed in but was defeated at the finals.

After her success, Talbot began posting Youtube videos since 2008. Most of them were videos of her singing. Some gained over 10 million views.

She is also a professional mermaid.

Talbot released three albums, with the first one released in 2007, and the second and third ones in 2008 and 2009.


Slovene language

Slovene (or "Slovenian") is a language. It is the official language of Slovenia.

Experts estimate that 2.5 million people can understand and speak Slovene. It is a Slavic language, written for more than 1000 years. The earliest written records are the Freising manuscripts.

In 2004, it became an official language of the European Union (there are 24 official languages in total). The standard Slovene alphabet has 25 letters. The letters come from the Latin alphabet. Slovene words are usually pronounced how they are spelled.

Examples : 

Evgeny Tomashevsky

Evgeny Tomashevsky, born 1 July 1987 in Saratov, is a Russian chess grandmaster. In 2001 he won the U18 Russian championship in Rybinsk with 9/10 and in 2004 he became second in the U18 World Youth Chess Championship. In 2007 he became second in the Aeroflot Open.

In 2009 Tomashevsky won the 10th European Individual Chess Championship after tie-breaks. The decisive match against Vladimir Malakhov went into armageddon, where Malakhov blundered a rook in a winning position. 

He was a member of the gold-medal-winning Russian team at the World Team Chess Championship 2009 in Bursa. In 2011, he tied for 1st-3rd with Nikita Vitiugov and Le Quang Liem in the Aeroflot Open.

Tomashevsky's style of play is described as being mostly positional.


International Association of Aviation Personnel Schools

The International Association of Aviation Personnel Schools (IAAPS) is an association of pilot training organizations created in 1995. IAAPS is recognized by national and international aviation authorities. IAAPS is part of the rulemaking group of the European Aviation Safety Agency. (EASA)

In 1990, the so-called "Cyprus Agreement" caused the European Joint Aviation Authority (JAA) to be established.

In 1995, the European Association of Airline Pilot Schools (EAAPS) was established.

The EAAPS was active in the pan-European project to define and standardize the depth and scope of flight training within the JAA. One of the results was the "Joint Aviation Requirement Flight Crew Licensing code" (JAR-FCL).

In 2009, the EAAPS became a worldwide association. The name or the organization was changed changed to IAAPS.

As a global pilot shortage grows, IAAPS members work together to maintain and improve the quality standards of pilot training. Aviation training improves air safety standards.

IAAPS is recognized by the EASA as the representative of the training industry. IAAPS activities include 

IAAPS helped to develop "learning objectives" for aircraft and helicopters. These were published by the JAA and then by EASA.

The membership is comprised of aviation training organizations. Each member organization is certified nationally. The international membership is expanding.















Institute of Space, its Applications and Technologies

The Institut au service du spatial, de ses applications et technologies (ISSAT) is the French name for the Institute of Space, its applications and technologies. Supported by French Ministry of Education, the organisation was created in 1995 to develop aerospace activities in Toulouse. It also helps promote the distribution of aerospace expertise in France and Europe.

The ISSAT has 13 members:


Super Bowl XXXVIII

Super Bowl XXXVIII was the thirty-eighth Super Bowl. The teams in the game were the Carolina Panthers from the NFC and the New England Patriots from the AFC. New England won the game 32-29. The performers at the halftime show were Spirit of Houston, Janet Jackson, Justin Timberlake, OutKast, P. Diddy, Kid Rock, and Nelly. The halftime show created controversy when Janet Jackson's breast was shown by Justin Timberlake to everyone who was watching the show.

Super Bowl XXXIX

Super Bowl XXXIX was the thirty-ninth Super Bowl. The teams in the game were the Philadelphia Eagles from the NFC and the New England Patriots from the AFC. New England won the game 24-21. Paul McCartney performed in the halftime show.

Charles George Gordon

Charles George Gordon (28 January 1833 – 26 January 1885) was a British Army officer and mercenary. He served the Khedive of Egypt as Governor of the Sudan. He was killed by supporters of Muhammed Ahmed, the Mahdi, a rebel against Egyptian rule in the country.

Gordon was born in London in 1833, where his father was a major in the Royal Artillery. While still a very small child the family moved to Dublin so his father could work on modernising the guns at the Pigeon House Fort. In 1837 they moved to Edinburgh when his father was posted to Leith Fort. The family were then sent to the island of Corfu where his father had to arrange for the guns to be placed in new positions. Gordon 's parents wanted him to have an English education so he was sent to Fullands School at Taunton. When he turned 14 he attended the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich. He was often bullied, and he would become quiet and withdrawn. He go for several days without speaking to anyone. He would stand still and stare at the bullies until they felt uncomfortable and stopped. Gordon was accused of having bullied other students, and was punished by having to stay at the college for another term. He passed his exams and joined the Royal Engineers on the 23 June 1852.

Gordon worked as an engineer repairing various army buildings in Chatham, and repairing the fort at Pembroke. In 1855 he was sent to the Crimean War and took part in the siege of Sebastopol. After the war, Gordon was sent to survey and map the border between Russia and the Romanian principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia. In May 1857 he was sent to map the border between Russia and Turkey. He was awarded a Turkish war medal and the French Legion of Honour. Gordon returned to England at the end of 1858, where he was promoted to major, and took up a post at Chatham.

At the end of the Second Opium War in 1860, Gordon was sent to China with a force of soldiers to protect British interests. In 1863 he was put in charge of the "Ever Victorious Army", a mercenary army under the command of European officers. This army was to fight the Niang rebellion against the Manchu, and later the Taiping Rebellion. Gordon was able to create a highly disciplined and successful fighting force. By careful planning he was able to lead the Ever Victorious Army to victory of the rebels. The Chinese Emperor made him a Field Marshall in the Imperial Army and presented him with China's highest award, the peacock feather. The British Army promoted him to Lieutenant Colonel and he was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath. He returned to England at the end of 1864.

Gordon was made Commandant of Engineers at Gravesend. He had the job of repairing the forts guarding the Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury. Gordon was horrified by the number of poor people, especially old people and children. A man of strong religious belief, Gordon felt is was his duty to God to help provide food, clothing and education for these people. He spent about 90% of his army pay on the poor. The poor boys he called "Wangs", after the Chinese Princes of the Heavenly Kingdom of Great Peace.

Rhythmite

A rhythmite is layers of sediment or sedimentary rock laid down in a repeated pattern. This pattern may be varves, which are an annual pattern, or shorter or longer-term rhymites. Tides in some places have left rhythmites.

Rhythmites can show long-term prehistoric events, such as periodic floods, sea level changes, glaciation changes, earth's orbital variations, and other periodic climate changes.

Many rock formations show repeating patterns of strata. For example, clay layers may alternate with sandstone layers; or carbonate layers alternate with shales. This is usually caused by repeating cycles of climate. In warmer times the sea rises, and carbonate rocks are deposited in shallow subtropical seas. Later, ice builds up at the poles and the sea level drops. Then the same area is close to shore, and gets sand and mud washed down by rivers.

Deposits on land show patterns for similar reasons. A low-lying area will be a lake or a swamp during hot, wet periods, and maybe a desert or a mudflat during dry periods. Erosion takes place during the dry periods, and deposition takes place during the wet periods.

However, temperature and sea-level changes are not the only causes of rhythmites. In volcanic areas a pattern of deposition in lakes may be regularly interrupted by eruptions of volcanic ash, so that in the record of the rocks shales and mudstone alternates with tuff.

Varve

A varve is a pattern in sediment which is made by annual processes (deposits which vary during the year). Varves are amongst the smallest-scale events in stratigraphy. They form only in fresh or brackish water. Varves are important in palynology, and can be fossilized as rhythmites.

The classic varve archetype is a light/dark-coloured couplet deposited in a glacial lake. The light layer is usually silt and fine sand deposited when spring meltwater brings sediment into the lake. 

During winter, when meltwater and its sediment is reduced and the lake surface freezes, fine clay-size sediment is deposited forming a dark-coloured layer.

Varve formation needs the absence of bioturbation (lake bottom disturbed by animals). Therefore, varves usually form under anoxic conditions.

Sundown town

A sundown town is a town that is or was purposely all-white. The term is widely used in the United States in areas from Ohio to Oregon and well into the South. The term came from signs that were allegedly posted stating that people of color had to leave the town by sundown. The minority people could not visit after sunset or spend the night in the town (even as a paying hotel customer). Such towns are also sometimes called “sunset towns” or “gray towns”.
Some towns placed signs at the town's boundary with statements similar to the one posted in Hawthorne, California, which read "Nigger, Don't Let The Sun Set On YOU In Hawthorne" in the 1930s.

In some cases, keeping minorities out was official town policy, through restrictive covenants written in land deeds, or by agreement between the real estate agents of the community. In others, the policy was enforced through intimidation. For example, law enforcement officers could stop all minorities found after sunset.

Though no one knows the number of sundown towns in the United States, the largest estimate was that the nation had several thousand. The highest proportion of confirmed sundown towns are in the state of Illinois. It is difficult to confirm sunset towns because the towns did not keep, or do not want to show, official documents stating their status as sundown towns. For example, "One Hundred Years of Progress: The Centennial History of Anna, Illinois," although more than 400 pages long, never mentions Anna's 1909 expulsion of African Americans, the sundown signs at the northern and southern city limits in 1954, or anything else about race. 

Since the civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s, and especially since the Civil Rights Act of 1968 prohibited racial discrimination concerning the sale, rental, and financing of housing, the number of sundown towns has decreased. However, as sociologist James Loewen writes in his book on the subject, it is impossible to precisely count the number of sundown towns at any given time, because most towns have not kept records of the ordinances or signs that marked the town's sundown status. His book, "Sundown Towns: A Hidden Dimension of American Racism", notes that hundreds of cities across America have been sundown towns at some point in their history.

Loewen's book mentions that sundown status meant more than just African-Americans not being able to live in these towns. Essentially any African-Americans (or sometimes other groups) who came into sundown towns after sundown were subject to harassment, threats, and violent acts—up to and including lynching.

In addition to the expulsion of African Americans from some small towns, Chinese Americans and other minorities were also driven out of some of the towns where they lived. Loewen says one example is that in 1870, Chinese made up one-third of the population of Idaho. Following a wave of violence and an 1886 anti-Chinese convention in Boise, almost none remained by 1910. The town of Gardnerville, Nevada, is said to have blown a whistle at 6 p.m. daily alerting Native Americans to leave by sundown.
In addition, Jews were excluded from living in some sundown towns, such as Darien, Connecticut.

James Loewen's book, "Sundown Towns" describes sundown towns. Several other books also show the existence of sundown towns. Sundown towns are mentioned in "Following the Color Line", by Ray Stannard Baker; "Free But Not Equal", by V. Jacque Voegeli; "Black Ohio and the Color Line", by David Gerber; "The Negro in Indiana", by Emma Thornbrough; "Mobile Americans: Residential and Social Mobility in Omaha", by Howard Chudacoff; "Race and Kinship in a Midwestern Town", by James DeVries; "The Sociogenesis of a Race Riot" by Roberta Senechal. Visual treatments include Robby Heason, "Trouble Behind" (Cicada Films, 1990), and Marco Williams, "Banished" (banishedthefilm.com/).


Punta Gorda, Belize

Punta Gorda (called P. G. by the locals) is a city in the southern part of Belize. It is the capital of the district (state) of Toledo. About 6,400 people live there. Punta Gorda has a tiny airport. Every Saturday, people come to Punta Gorda from all over Toledo District to buy and sell items in an open-air market.

Punta Gorda is a seaport and fishing town on the Caribbean Sea. It was a small fishing village before being settled by a number of Garifuna who came from Honduras in 1823. The town is about fifteen feet above sea level.

Well-known people from Punta Gorda include paranda musician Paul Nabor and Belize's 'Queen of Brukdown', Leela Vernon.

Deaths in 2012

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2012.










Noto Province

The province had borders with Etchū and Kaga provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was Nanao.

Noto Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Noto Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Keta jinja" was the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Noto. 


Sado Province

Sado Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

In 1221, Emperor Juntoku was sent into exile on Sado Island. The former emperor is sometimes identified as because his last years were spent at Sado. Juntoku remained at Sado until his death in 1242. 

In the Edo period, Gold was discovered and mined. The Sado mines were added to the tentative World Heritage List in 2010.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Sado Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Sado is an island in the Sea of Japan. It was off the coast of Echigo Province.

"Watatsu-jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Sado. 


Louise I. Shelley

Louise I. Shelley is a professor at George Mason University in Virginia. She is also founder and director of the Terrorism, Transnational Crime and Corruption Center (TraCCC).

She graduated from Cornell University "cum laude" in Penology and Russian literature in 1972. While there, she co-founded the Risley Residential College. She served on the Cornell Board of Trustees. She got a M.A. from the University of Pennsylvania in Criminology in 1973. In 1973/74, she held a Columbia University, International Research and Exchanges Board (IREX) Fellowship used to study in the Sociology Department, Law School and the Russian Institute. In 1977, Shelley earned a Ph.D. in Sociology at the University of Pennsylvania.

She joined the American University as an Assistant Professor in 1977. She became a full professor in 1986. In 2007, she moved to George Mason University. Shelley has studied at Moscow State University as a Fulbright-Hayes Fellow.

She studied the prison system of Russia and other nations. She studies how criminals make their money hard to trace (money laundering).



Wakasa Province

The province had borders with Echizen, Ōmi, Tamba, Tango, and Yamashiro Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was Obama.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Wakasa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Wakasahiko jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Wakasa. 


Bob Anderson

Robert James Gilbert Anderson (September 15, 1922–January 1, 2012) was an English athlete who represented Great Britain in the fencing at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He choreographed the sword fights for many movies including Star Wars and The Lord of the Rings movie trilogy.

He was born in Hampshire on September 15, 1922, and during World War II he was a member of the British Royal Marines. He used his sword fighting skills in many movies starting with "The Master of Ballantrae", based on the book by Robert Louis Stevenson. During the filming he accidentally stabbed Errol Flynn in the leg. Anderson was the person dressed as Darth Vader in the sword fights in "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi". He also arranged the sword fights in all three of the Lord of the Rings movies. Other movie credits included the James Bond movies, "From Russia With Love" and "Die Another Day", "The Princess Bride", "The Three Musketeers (1993 movie)", "The Mask of Zorro", and "The Legend of Zorro".

Geli Raubal

Geli Raubal (June 4, 1908–September 18, 1931), sometimes known as Angela Raubal was Adolf Hitler's half-niece. She was born in Linz, Austria-Hungary. She shot herself dead in Hitler's apartment in Munich, Weimar Republic. She is buried in Zentralfriedhof, Vienna, Austria.



Tamara Toumanova

Tamara Toumanova ( March 2, 1919 – May 29, 1996) was an American ballerina and actress of Georgian descent. Toumanova is notable for ballet, and she also acted in several movies.

Tournova became an American citizen in 1943. She married her second husband, Casey Robinson, a Hollywood script writer and producer, in 1944.

Shortly after the Russian Revolution of 1917, Toumanova's mother, Eugenia Toumanova, left Georgia, Russia looking for her first husband, Konstantin Zakharov. She was pregnant at the time. She gave birth to Toumanova in Siberia. It has been verified that Toumanova is of Georgian ancestry.

Toumanova's parents became separated during the revolution. Toumanova was 18 months old before her parents were found each other. The family went from Russia to Shanghai, China. They lived there for a year. They then moved to Cairo. After living in refugee camps, the family moved to Paris. There was a large Russian émigré community there.

After moving to Paris, Toumanova was given piano lessons and studied ballet with Olga Preobrajenska. Toumanova said she was her "first and only permanent teacher" and an "immortal friend". She made her debut at the Paris Opera at the age of ten in the children's ballet "L'Éventail de Jeanne". George Balanchine saw her in ballet class and hired her for de Basil's Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo as one of the three "baby ballerinas".


Faizal Yusof

Faizal Yusof (1979 - 1 January 2011) was a Malaysian actor. He acted in the popular television series "Tiramisu and Manjalara". He died from heart failure, and was buried in the Batu Mudu Muslim Cemetery in Kuala Lumpur.

Valery Rozhdestvensky

Valery Ilyich Rozhdestvensky (February 13, 1939–August 31, 2011) was a USSR cosmonaut.

Rozhdestvensky was born in Leningrad and studied engineering at the Higher Military Engineering School of the Soviet Navy in Pushkin. From 1961 to 1965 he was commander of a deep sea diving unit in the Baltic Sea War Fleet. 

He was chosen to be a cosmonaut on October 23, 1965 and flew as Flight Engineer on Soyuz 23 in 1976. After his space flight he continued to work with the space program at the Yuri Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center. He retired on June 24, 1986 and worked with Metropolis Industries.

Awa Province (Tokushima)

Awa had borders with Tosa, Sanuki, and Iyo Provinces. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Awa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Ōasahiko jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Awa. 


Teapot Rock

Teapot Rock is a rock formation in Natrona County, Wyoming. A nearby oil field is named after the rock. The oil field was the focus of a bribery scandal during the administration of Warren G. Harding, the Teapot Dome scandal. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

The eroded sandstone formation is tall and is about in circumference. It is a few hundred yards east of Wyoming Highway 259, about north of Casper, Wyoming in the Powder River Basin near Teapot Creek. 

The outline of the rock once resembled a teapot and gave its name to several man-made and natural features, including a geologic structural uplift known as the Teapot Dome, and an oil field about east.

In 1915, U.S. Navy was converting its ships to oil-fired boilers. The Navy bought the Teapot Dome Oil Field. It was called "Naval Petroleum Reserve Number Three" as part of a program to ensure that the Navy would have sufficient fuel reserves in an emergency. It was one of several related fields in the area, the largest of which was the Salt Creek Oil Field. By comparison with the Salt Creek Field's peak production of of 1923, the Teapot Dome field had about 64 wells, with few producing more than 150 barrels per day (24 m/d).


Ghost Adventures

Ghost Adventures is a weekly American paranormal television series that started on October 17, 2008 on the Travel Channel. Produced by MY-Tupelo Entertainment, the program follows and stars ghost hunters Zak Bagans, Nick Groff, and Aaron Goodwin, as they investigate locations that are reported to be haunted. Hosted and narrated by Bagans, the show airs new episodes on Fridays at 9 p.m. Eastern Time on the Travel Channel. Nick Groff of the Ghost Adventures crew confirmed there will be a sixth season that will premier in 2012.


Paranormal television

Paranormal television is a genre of popular reality television programming. It is about real investigations of paranormal phenomena, instead of fictional representations found in such shows as "The Ghosts of Motley Hall" and "Ghostbusters", or cartoon/children's series such as "Scooby Doo" and "Rentaghost".

Awaji Province

Awaji Island is between Honshū and the island of Shikoku. Awaji means literally "Road to Awa". It was the route for traveling to Awa Province from the central part of Japan. 

In 764, Emperor Junnin was sent into exile on Awaji. He died on the island in 765. The former emperor was known as "Awaji no Haitei."

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Awaji Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Izanagi jingu" was the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Awaji. 


Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars

Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars (released as "Circle of Blood" in the US) is a point-and-click adventure game released to the PC on November 5, 1996. It was released on the PlayStation in December that same year and on the Game Boy Advance March 19, 2002. It has also been released to the Mobile phone, and re-released to the Wii, PC, Mac OS X, Nintendo DS and iOS as a "director's cut". According to Charles Cecil, it sold around a 1,000,000 copies in the mid-1990s. The game follows George Stobbart - a young American patent lawyer, who is a eye witness and victim of a bomb attack on a small Parisian cafe.

In 1994,Charles Cecil, Noirin Carmody and Sean Brennan invented the game while having dinner together and talking about the mythology of the Templars. The game is serious in tone, but also has plenty of humor and graphics animated in a style of classic animated movies. The game takes place in both real and fictional locations. "The Shadow of the Templars" was the third game built with the Virtual Theatre engine.

Critics praised "The Shadow of the Templars" for its story, puzzles, voice acting, dialog and gameplay. The Game was spawned by a number of sequels. They are known as the Broken Sword series. Cecil also led the development of the sequel, "Broken Sword II: The Smoking Mirror". Revolution released a remake in 2009, which also got very good reviews from the gaming press.

"Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" is a 2D adventure game played from a third-person perspective. Through a point-and-click interface, the player takes the role of George Stobbart through the game's world. A player interacts with the environment by selecting from multiple commands.

Players must properly construct action combinations between commands and the world's objects in order to successfully solve puzzles and progress in the game.

While talking with other characters, the player can choose between topics for discussion, such as objects from your inventory (on top of the screen), or other (on the bottom of the screen). 
The in-game action is often interrupted by cutscenes, non-interactive animated sequences that are used to provide information about character personalities and advance the plot. Like other Revolution Software's Games, in "The Shadow of the Templars", the player character's death is possible.

The audio of the game includes recorded sound effects, orchestral music and recorded voices of voice actors. The game graphics are animated in a style of classic animated films. The game was directed by Charles Cecil and the original score was composed by Barrington Pheloung.

Judging by the likes of the surroundings (and the opening quote: "Paris in the Fall. The last months of the year, and the end of millennium..."), "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" is supposedly set at the time of the release of the game. The game follows George Stobbart (voiced by Rolf Saxon), an American patent lawyer on vacation, travelling Europe, in Paris who is knocked out by the explosion caused by man dressed as a clown. Throughout the game you meet many other characters, including Nicole Collard (voiced by Hazel Ellerby), Khan, Flobbage, André Lobineau, Sergeant Moue, Inspector Rosso, Flap and Guido, Lady Piermont, Sean Fitzgerald, Countess de Vasconcellos, The Hendersons, Plantard, Nigel Peagram (a.k.a. Molly Peagram), Jacques Marquet, Pierre Carchon, Bruno Ostvald, Eklund, Klausner, The Grand Master etc.

The game starts of in Paris, France. Later in the game you also visit many other countries, including Ireland, Syria, Spain and Scotland.

The game opens in Paris with journalist Nicole Collard receiving a request to go to Palais Royale to interview a famous media tycoon and potential candidate for President of France, Pierre Carchon, also famous for his lecherous behaviour. A mime hangs around outside Carchon's home, whom Nico ignores and carries on inside the house. She meets Carchon's wife, Imelda, and Carchon reveals he knew Nico's father very well, Thierry Collard. Soon, there is a noise in the drawing room, Carchon investigates only to be shot. Nico rushes to the scene to see the mime over Pierre's corpse. She is knocked to the ground before she can do anything and wakes up to find Imelda going to call the police.

After persuading her that she wants to find the truth and help, Imelda allows Nico to access Carchon's room, which contains an elephant carving exactly the same as that of Nico's father and a stone cylinder, which contains a hidden code of letters. On Carchon's corpse, Nico discovers a ticket stamped "Bateaux de la Conciergerie" and goes to investigate the dock. By using the letters on the cylinder, she discovers a secret office area where Carchon and many others met for business. After writing her story up and publishing it, her editor tells her to drop the story at which Nico becomes angry. However, she receives a mysterious phone call from a man called Plantard who tells her he needs to speak to her about her story.

The next day, an American tourist George Stobbart enjoys a coffee at a Parisian cafe and sees an old man entering the cafe with a briefcase. Almost immediately, a clown arrives with an accordion, who steals the man's briefcase and drops his accordion. The accordion detonates and blows the cafe up. George manages to survive and investigates the cafe. He is soon interrogated by Augustin Rosso, a renowned police inspector who utilizes psychic techniques to question witnesses. George then meets Nico outside the cafe taking pictures, who explains that she was meant to meet the old man, Plantard. After agreeing to help with her story, George traces the clown's steps to the nearby sewers. Acquiring the clown's nose and a scrap of material, he exits the sewers and meets a war veteran, who explains a man exited the sewers before with a briefcase. Showing the scrap of material prompts the veteran to reveal the killer dropped his jacket and gives George the tailor's name and phone number. George attempts to find out more from the tailor, Todryk, but without the killer's name, Todryk is uncooperative.

George goes to Nico's apartment and she discovers an address inside the clown's nose for the costume shop where it was purchased. George goes there and learns the killer's name, Khan and that he hired both a clown and a pixie costume. Todryk then tells George of the Hotel Ubu, the killer's accommodation. Outside the hotel are two shady characters, Flap and Guido, who search George's pockets searching for something important. With the help of an English aristocrat, Lady Piermont, George obtains an ancient manuscript from the hotel safe, which Khan deposited. While infiltrating Khan/Mourlin's hotel room, he also finds a matchbook from the Club Alamut, which seems Middle Eastern. After evading Flap and Guido who are searching for the manuscript and returning to Nico, she deduces the manuscript is related to the Knights Templar, a wealthy and powerful order of knights wrongly accused of heresy and burned at the stake by the Inquisition. The plan was hatched by Philip IV of France and Pope Clement V in a bid to gain the Templars' amassed wealth but the treasure remained hidden. On the manuscript, there are several pictures: A knight with a sword and a bull, between them a gem is balanced on a tripod; A knight with a crystal ball; A man weaving on a loom with a ship in the background; a woman looking at a looking glass to see three bearded faces. Seeking help at the Crune Museum, George discovers the tripod on the manuscript is in the museum itself, being discovered in Lochmarne, Ireland. Nico explains a professor named Peagram had an excavation in the village.

George travels to Lochmarne, Ireland and questions a man named Sean Fitzgerald about working at Peagram's dig. Fitzgerald reveals they found a hidden Templar chapel beneath the local castle ruins and Peagram entrusted a package to him, to be delivered to a 'Jacques Marquet'. Fitzgerald panics and attempts to flee, only to be run over by a Ferrari driven by a man in a pixie costume (Khan). George offers to fix the landlord's beer pumps and goes into the cellar, discovering Sean's package, a gleaming gem that Peagram discovered, identical to the one on the manuscript. Making his way inside the castle, George uses some plaster of Paris to open a secret door where he discovers a mural of a hanged man with 'Montfaucon' underneath. Meanwhile, Nico attempts to find out more about her father's involvement with Carchon. She deduces quickly that Imelda is in danger and rushes to Palais Royale to save her. Nico is too late but the dying Imelda gives Nico a key, which fits the box her father gave her. Nico opens the box and finds out the truth. Her father and Imelda were lovers and her father worked for the government as a sort of spy against Carchon's secret organization.

Back in Paris, George tracks down Jacques Marquet to the Hagenmeyer clinic. Posing as a doctor George gains access to Marquet's ward and finds him suffering from serious wounds. Marquet reveals he has hired Flap and Guido to steal the tripod from the Crune Museum. Another doctor soon intercedes and George exits. Soon, Marquet's ECG machine goes haywire, prompting security to bust open the door. They discover Marquet has been suffocated and the bogus doctor has escaped. George then asks Nico's old colleague, Andre Lobineau at the Crune Museum for his help with the manuscript. He also reveals Montfaucon is a place in Paris. George hides in an Egyptian sarcophagus until nightfall when Flap and Guido attempt to steal the tripod. George is successful in distracting them until he loses consciousness, when another unidentified thief breaks through the skylight and steals the tripod. Back at Nico's, Nico reveals she herself was the thief and gives George the tripod. George goes to Montfaucon and enters the sewers, where he discovers a secret meeting of important people including a Nobel Prize winner George met at the hotel, claiming to be the Templars. They discuss that they are looking for the Sword of Baphomet and that one of them, Klausner has gone to Syria to get a lens. George deduces that Plantard and Peagram were members of this organisation as well. The player also assumes Carchon was involved too. As they leave, George uses the tripod and gem, which splits a beam of light and lights up letters spelling 'Marib'. Nico explains Marib is a village in Syria.

George travels to Syria and discovers that Khan has already been here and asked about George and Klausner. A taxi driver named Ultar offers to drive to Bull's Head where Khan requested to go. Exploring Syria, George meets Duane and Pearl Henderson, an American couple looking for ancient souvenirs. He also deduces that the crystal ball on the manuscript is in fact the lens that Klausner was meant to obtain. George finds a statue on a stand belonging to a boy, Nejo. George sells this to Duane for $50, allowing George to pay to go to Bull's Head Hill. At the Bull's Head, George finds Klausner's corpse and takes the lens. He also discovers an idol with three bearded faces (Baphomet) and a Latin inscription describing Britain. Khan then arrives and holds George at gunpoint but George manages to escape jumping off the cliff onto Ultar's truck.

Back in Paris, Andre has deciphered part of the manuscript and it leads to the De Vasconcellos family in Spain, who were once connected with the Templars. George travels to the Villa of the family, discovering only the Countess and her gardener Lopez remain. Sneaking past Lopez, George manages to convince the Countess of his intentions and she leads him to the De Vasconcellos mausoleum, where George discovers a chessboard puzzle. Solving it opens up a panel with the De Vasconcellos chalice inside. The Countess entrusts it to George and wants him to find her missing ancestor Don Carlos.

Back in Paris, George travels to Montfaucon where the local priest polishes the chalice. Meanwhile, George uses the lens on the statue in the church and looks through it to discover a hidden image of a burning man. The image on the chalice matches a tomb in the church, and George deduces that it is in fact Don Carlos' tomb. Andre reveals that an idol of Baphomet has been discovered in Paris. George visits the site, and manages to create a copy of the guard's key using the remaining plaster of Paris, soap and paint. He gains access to the excavation and puts the chalice near the idol where the reflection shows the image of a church with a square tower. George visits the Countess again with Biblical references on Carlos' tomb. They show the way to a secret area inside a well where George discovers a chessboard mural with a river running through it.

With the clues they have (the river, the church and the Latin phrase), George, Nico and Andre work out that the Templars are heading for Bannockburn in Scotland. George and Nico catch a train there, but Flap and Guido are aboard having followed them. George discovers Nico along with an old woman are missing. He reaches the guard's carriage where the old woman (Khan) throws Flap out of the carriage while Eklund (the bogus doctor who killed Marquet) is knocked out after shooting Khan. George and Nico reach the church in Bannockburn and witness the Grand Master of the Templars acquiring a strange power from two huge Baphomet idols (the Sword of Baphomet). Inspector Rosso is revealed to be in league with them as well. After trying to tempt George into their ranks, the Grand Master orders Eklund to kill them, but Eklund is killed by Rosso, who is then killed by the Grand Master. The couple try to escape but are blocked by Guido. Nico saves the day when she throws a handbag of C4 (from Khan) onto some burning gunpowder. They manage to escape as the church explodes which kills Guido and the Templars and presumably the Grand Master.

Afterwards, George and Nico return to Paris and go on their first date on the Eiffel Tower.

The idea of making the Broken Sword game came about in 1994, like many other ideas, over a dinner with plenty of wine, with Charles Cecil, Noirin Carmody, and Sean Brennan, who was then head of publishing at Virgin Interactive. They started talking about the mythology of the Templars, and what rich historical background it would create a game. And so, "Broken Sword was born".

Charles Cecil was the director and designer of the game, Tony Warriner and David Sykes were the designer-programmers, and Noirin Carmody was the commercial director. The game uses the Virtual Theatre engine, which is also used for the second Broken Sword game, and all of Revolution's previous games.

The team at Revolution had very high ambitions for the game, but there was a lot of competition. Revolution had a team which created some very successful adventures, but to move to the next level, they needed to bring the best from other creative industries. Charles Cecil convinced a layout artist, Eoghan Cahill to join the project. He and his friend Neil Breen, who had both worked at the Don Bluth studios in Dublin, drew all the backgrounds in pencil, and the team then digitally colored them in Photoshop.
The main characters and the introduction were created by an animator, Mike Burgess, who worked for Red Rover animation studio. Tragically, Burgess, who was about 20 years old, died a few months later.

The development process was very exhilarating, but often fraught. On its release, "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" was received very good both critically and commercially.

A few years earlier, Charles Cecil played for a cricket team with the composer Barrington Pheloung. They had since lost contact, but when Charles contacted him to suggest that he might like to write the music, he took the offer.

Revolution already cast Hazel Ellerby as Nicole Collard, but had trouble finding an actor for George Stobbart. Hazel, who went to Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London, suggested her former schoolmate from Guildhall, Rolf Saxon as George. Charles offered him the job and he accepted it. However, according to the credits, they were 2 actresses voicing Nico - Hazel Ellerby, and Rachel Atkins. The rest of the credited voice actors in the original are David Bannerman, Rosy Clayton, Jack Elliott, Steve Hodson, David Holt, Peter Kenny, Richard Mapletoft, Matthew Marsh, Colin McFarlane, Don McCorkindale, Gavin Muir, Paul Panting, and Andrew Wincott. In the German version of the game, George Stobbart is voiced by Alexander Schottky.

On March 21, 2009, Ubisoft released a special edition of "Shadow of the Templars" for the Wii and Nintendo DS. According to Charles Cecil, "The Director's Cut" came about, thanks to a group of "Broken Sword" fans, who started an online petition, beging him to bring the series back to the Wii and the Nintendo DS. The special editions are extended versions of the original. The game was programmed by Tony Warriner and Joost Peters. In "The Director's Cut", Hazel Ellerby returns to voice Nicole Collard in the new sections, for the first time since the original. Rolf Saxon, like in every sequel, also returns to voice George Stobbart.

After releasing the original game to the GBA, Cecil thought it was time to reward fans with something new and different by making "The Director's Cut". So, he decided the game would start a day before the famous Parisian cafe explosion in the original game, and it fills in some of the back-story of Nicole Collard, a pivotal character in the game. To this end Charles Cecil also drafted in the acclaimed comic book artist, Dave Gibbons, with whom Revolution worked previously on their 1994 cult classic adventure, "Beneath a Steel Sky". In edition to working on the visual references for the game, Gibbons has also produced a comic book, to accompany the game's DS release (see ). Gibbons said that he decided to return to work on this video game, because he knew producing character shots with a range of expressions would be a challenging thing to do, but he knew he would enjoy it because of his involvement in the past.

Unlike in the original, players control Nico in some parts of the game. New puzzles were designed for each platform. Besides the new character artwork by Dave Gibbons, "The Director's Cut" also had a new first person view for certain puzzles.

Unlike the original game, the updated version also allows for multiple solutions to puzzles and a new co-operative mode for two players. In the DS version, there is no voice acting, only subtitles. A version for iPhone and iPod touch was released on January 20, 2010. In May 2010, a version with higher resolution and a digital comic was released on the iPad. A PC version was released on August 27, 2010 on various digital distribution services.

Revolution made a comic book for the DS release of "The Director's Cut" in 2009 (see ), and also a launch trailer. On the release of "The Director's Cut" on iPhone and iPod touch on January 24, 2010, Revolution released the launch trailer on their YouTube channel, revolutionbevigilant. On the 8th day of Apple's "12 Days of Christmas", Revolution made "The Director's Cut" free for download for 24 hours.

The original is currently available from Sold Out Sotware and Good Old Games (if you buy "The Director's Cut"). 
The iPhone version of "The Director's Cut" can be purchased from the iPhone/iPod Touch AppStore. The iPad version is also available on the iPad AppStore. The Mac version is available from Steam and the Mac AppStore. The PC version can be purchased from Intel Appup, Steam and Good Old Games, and also as part of the "Broken Sword Complete" package from Mastertronic. The Wii and DS versions are currently available in stores.

The "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars - Director's Cut Original Soundtrack" was released on the iTunes Store on December 28 December, 2009. If you buy "The Director's Cut" on Good Old Games, you also get the original game, original manual, HD wallpapers, the soundtrack, 11 avatars, and the comic book.

The comic book of the same name was created by Charles Cecil and very well known artist Dave Gibbons for the DS release of "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars - Director’s Cut" in March 2009. The short comic provides a further glimpse back into Nico’s past, leading readers right up to the events of her playable segments in the game.

The game was a commercial success. Charles Cecil said that it sold around a 1.000.000 copies in the mid 90's. He also said that the sales of Revolution's games are going slightly back up again.

"Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" got very good reviews from critics. "Adventure Gamers" praised the game's story, puzzles, art, voice acting and interface, and called it a true masterpiece and adventure gaming at its absolute finest. However, the magazine stated that long conversations may put some players of. Joe Antol of "Adventure Classic Gaming" stated that it's one of the best adventures he has played in a number of years, and that it's a "must play and experience" adventure title for any adventure game lover. "Game Over Online" praised the GBA version, saying that Revolution did a great job redrawing the game's visuals, and that its patience, maturity and depth are some things that are rarely seen on the GBA. "RPGFan" stated that even if the GBA version can be buggy at times, it's still a worthy addition to any GBA library, and is one of the finest examples of how a well-crafted graphic adventure should be done. James Gordon of "HonestGamers" praised the games graphics, sound and story, and even called it one of the best GBA games to date, he stated that you may not want to play it more than once, even though he did. "PC Gamer" praised the game's story, puzzles and art. However, unlike most critics, the reviewer has criticized the voice acting, saying that it is not quite professional, and at times annoying. He also criticized the puzzles, stating that they were good, but some required to much pixel-hunting. "Mr. Bill and Lela" of "Mr. Bill's Adventureland" stated that it's a "winner" and a totally addictive game, which combines the very best aspects of traditional adventure games and mystery thrillers, with even a little romance thrown in for good measure, and a suspenseful and slowly evolving story that will keep you glued to your seat.

Like the original release, "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars - Director's Cut" also got very good reviews from critics. "App Spy" praised the game's great looking visual presentation, excellent touch screen controles and challenging puzzle gameplay, and called it a must own games, even for newcomers to the genre, but stated that the hint system can make things too simple, and that the auto-save function is not the greatest. "Touch Arcade" said: "Whether you're an old fan of the original game, a newcomer to the series, or even someone who's never played a point-and-click adventure before, Broken Sword is a game with mass appeal that will draw you in" and called it "A Point-and-Click Classic Made Even Better". "Slide to Play" gave both, the iPhone and iPad a 4 out of 4 stars, and called it a real winner, even among other classic adventures. Nigel Wood of "Touchgen" praised the game's great visuals, sound, and well implemented interface, but called story the winner in the game, as it can "like a good book, keep you glued to your little screen". "LEVEL" stated that even 13 years after its first appearance, Broken Sword lost nothing of its powers, and called it a fantastic adventure game with lovely characters, strong story and DS-enhanced puzzle solving. "Just Adventure" stated that the game consists of a rich plot, fun characters and puzzles, and great art and soun. Francis Rizo III of "Video Game Talk" stated that Broken Sword with its engagingly deep storyline, gorgeous art, fun writing, entertaining puzzles and terrific vocal cast, just raised the bar to a level that will be incredibly hard to meet for any game, and that people should buy it, as it is fun and its success may spur developers to take another look at this somewhat dormant genre, supplementing the wave of Wii ports with something new and original.

"Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars - Director's Cut" was nominated for a "British Academy Video Games Award" 2010 for "Story", but lost to "Uncharted 2: Among Thieves". In 2010, "The Director's Cut" won the award for "Best European Adventure" at the "European Games Awards".

In 2004, "Adventure Gamers" ranked "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" at #4 on their list of "Top 20 Adventure Games of All-Time". "Adventure Classic Gaming" ranked it at #3 on their list of "Top 10 retro graphic adventure games of all time from PC to consoles", in 2006. "Metacritic" ranked it at #9 on their list of "25 Best iPhone and iPad Games of 2010". In 2011, "Adventure Gamers" ranked it at #4 again on their list of "Top 100 All-Time Adventures". In 2011, the first two Broken Sword games have been downloaded by over 4 million people.

"Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" spawned three sequels. The first, "Broken Sword II: The Smoking Mirror" was released in 1997 and is the only game in the series that does not follow the Knights Templar story line. It uses the same engine as the first "Broken Sword" game. Six years later, Revolution released "Broken Sword: The Sleeping Dragon", which moved to 3D graphics, and is the only game in the series that uses a direct control mechanism. It uses the RenderWare engine. In 2006, the company "Broken Sword: The Angel of Death" (released as "Secrets of the Ark: A Broken Sword Game"' in North America), which returns to the point 'n' click system used in the first two games, and is the only game in the series not released on any console. The game uses Sumo Digital's engine. In 2009, Revolution released a director's cut of the first game, named "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars - Director's Cut". The company released a remastered edition of the second, named "Broken Sword: The Smoking Mirror - Remastered", in 2010. Revolution has confirmed that there will be a new "Broken Sword" game in the future, and in 2D, but did not confirm they are currently making one.


Iyo Province

Iyo had borders with Awa, Sanuki, and Tosa Provinces. 

The ancient capital city of the province was near modern Imabari. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Iyo Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Ōyamazumi jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Iyo. 


Much Ado About Nothing

Much Ado about Nothing is a comedy by William Shakespeare. It is set in Messina, Sicily (which is in Italy) and is a comedy/love story about two pairs of lovers, Hero and Claudio and Benedick and Beatrice. This story is one of William Shakespeare's more popular plays. 

The villain in this story is called Don John and he convinces Claudio that Hero is cheating on him and then he refuses to marry her whilst Benedick and Beatrice are tricked into confessing their true love for each other. In the end the Constable accidentally sorts everything out and everyone celebrates both marriages.

Don John (the villain) can't bear anyone else to be happy. He is an illegitimate child meaning his upbringing has been rocky and he is insecure, leading to his selfish behaviour getting the better of him throughout the play. 

Kii Province

, or , was an old province of Japan in the area of Wakayama Prefecture and Mie Prefecture on the island of Honshū. 

Kii had borders with Ise, Izumi, Kawachi, Shima, and Yamato Provinces. 

During the Edo period, the Kii branch of the Tokugawa clan held the castle at Wakayama.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Kii Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Hinokuma-Kunikakasu jinjū" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Kii. 


AWA

AWA may be an acronym for:

Awa may mean:

Justus Liebig

Justus Liebig (12 May 1803 – 18 April 1873) was a German chemist who made major contributions to agricultural and biological chemistry, and worked on the organization of organic chemistry. 

Liebig was one of the greatest chemistry teachers of all time. 
At 21 he was appointed professor of chemistry at Giessen, recommended by Alexander von Humboldt. There he established the world's first major school of chemistry. He invented the chemical laboratory, and used it for teaching. He founded and edited the "Annalen der Chemie", the leading German-language journal of chemistry.

Liebig invented new methods for the analysis of organic materials. He showed that, to grow, plants need (as well as water and sunlight) carbon dioxide, minerals and nitrogen compounds. He discovered that nitrogen was an essential plant nutrient, and invented the first nitrogen-based fertiliser. His Law of the Minimum stated that a plant's development is limited by the one essential mineral that is in the shortest supply. He described the effect of individual nutrients on crops. 

Where others thought that organic chemicals were entirely separate fron inorganic ones, Liebig thought diffferently:

In 1835 he invented a process of silvering that greatly improved the quality of mirrors.

Liebig also developed a manufacturing process for beef extracts, and founded a company, Liebig Extract of Meat Company, that later trademarked the Oxo brand beef cube.

Liebig's work was closely followed in Britain, and he was awarded the Royal Society's Copley Medal in 1840. His own country made him a Baron in 1845.


Awa Province (Chiba)

The province was on the tip of the Boso Peninsula (房総半島). 

Awa Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Awa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Awa jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Awa. 


Spaceflight

Spaceflight is when an object (or spacecraft) made by man flies into outer space. A spaceflight can occur with or without humans on board. 

The Russian Soyuz program, the American Space Shuttle and the International Space Station are examples of manned missions. (Manned means the spacecraft has humans on board.) On the other hand, examples of unmanned flights are space probes which fly into deeper space, and satellites which travel around and orbit the Earth or other planets. (Unmanned means the spacecraft does not have any people on board.) Space probes and satellites are both machines that work either by radio control from Earth or are fully automatic.

Spaceflight is used for space exploration such as manned missions to the Earth's moon or unmanned missions to other planets in the solar system. Spaceflight can also be used for tourism and satellite telecommunications. A spaceflight begins with a rocket launch, which provides enough energy to get out of Earth's atmosphere and to orbit the Earth. Once the rocket is in space, the activity of the rocket is watched and studied by scientists back on Earth. Some rockets may remain in space forever, some break apart when they re-enter Earth's atmosphere. Some spacecraft are made to land on other planets, and most manned spacecraft are made to land back on Earth, most of the time using a parachute to land safely. 
On October 3, 1942, a German V-2 missile crossed the Kármán line ( above the Earth) on October 3, 1942. This was the first spaceflight. The first man-made satellite to travel around Earth was the Russian Sputnik 1 on October 4, 1957. 

Some examples of manned spacecraft are Soyuz, Starship, Starliner, Gemini, Apollo, Crew Dragon, Mercury (It is both the name of a spacecraft and a planet), the Space Shuttle, and Orion. 

Unmanned spacecraft include communications satellites, space telescopes, space probes and planet rovers. 

Sanuki Province

The province had borders with Awa and Iyo Provinces. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Sanuki Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Sanuki faced the Seto Inland Sea.

"Tamura jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Sanuki. 


Tosa Province

The province had borders with Iyo and Awa Provinces.
The ancient capital city of the province was near modern Nankoku. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Tosa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Tosa faced the Pacific Ocean.

"Tosa jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Tosa. 


555 timer IC

The NE555 is a common IC (or integrated circuit) introduced in 1972. It is used in timers. It is popular among hobbyists and can be found in many electronics stores that sell bare components, such as RadioShack.

VGA connector

A VGA connector is a type of computer plug. It is used to send analog video signal to an output device like a television screen or a computer monitor. Most VGA connectors have 15 pins; 3 rows of 5 pins. Some of them are a bit different, and have 18 pins; 3 rows of 6 pins.

21st century equipment more often uses digital plugs, mainly by High-Definition Multimedia Interface.

Microbial cyst

A microbial cyst is a resting or dormant stage of a microorganism, usually a bacterium or a protist or rarely an invertebrate animal, that helps the organism to survive in unfavorable environmental conditions. It can be thought of as a state of suspended animation in which the metabolic processes of the cell are slowed down and the cell ceases all activities like feeding and locomotion. "Encystment" also helps the microbe to spread easily, from one host to another or to a better environment. When the encysted microbe reaches an environment good for its growth and survival, the cyst wall breaks down by a process known as "excystation".

Unfavorable environmental conditions trigger the making of a cyst. These include the lack of nutrients or oxygen, extreme temperatures, lack of moisture and presence of toxic chemicals, which are not good for the growth of the microbe.

Different organisms have cyst walls made of different things. The cyst walls of bacteria are formed by the thickening of the normal cell wall with added peptidoglycan layers. The walls of protozoan cysts are made of chitin, a type of glycoprotein. Nematode cyst walls are made of chitin reinforced by collagen.

Content delivery

Content delivery describes the delivery of media content such as audio, video, computer software and video games over a delivery medium such as broadcasting or the Internet.

Content delivery has two parts:

Specialist networks known as content delivery networks have distribute digital content on the Internet. Alternative technologies for content delivery include peer-to-peer file sharing technologies. Content can only be delivered if it exists. If it does not exist, several techniques and methods can be used for content creation or content regeneration. Alternatively, content delivery platforms create and syndicate content remotely, acting like hosted content management systems.

Kitano Tenman-gū

, also called Kitano Tenjin-jinja and Kitano Temmangū, is a Shinto shrine in Kamigyō-ku, Kyoto, Japan. 

The shrine was built in 947, to appease the angry spirit of Sugawara no Michizane. He had been wrongly sent into exile.

The shrine became the object of Imperial patronage during the early Heian period. 

The current buildings date from the early 17th century. 


From 1871 through 1946, the Kitano Tenman-gū was officially designated one of the , meaning that it stood in the second rank of government supported shrines.


Tommy Jackson

Tommy "Hurricane" Jackson (1931-1982) was an American boxer. He fought from 1951 until 1961. He had a total of 44 fights. His statistics were 34 wins (16 by knockout), 9 losses and 1 draw. He fought Floyd Patterson in June 1956 to see who would be the heavyweight champion after Rocky Marciano retired and gave up the title. Jackson lost in a 12-round split decision. He fought Patterson again in July 1957, when Patterson was the champion. Patterson beat him in 10 rounds when the referee ended the match. 


Pentium F00F bug

The Pentium F00F bug is a hardware bug (design flaw) found in most original Pentium computer processors (but not in Pentium II, III, or 4). The bug allows a malicious program running as an unprivileged (non-root) user to crash the computer by running the instructions (in hexadecimal) F00FC7C8. In assembly language, this represents "lock cmpxchg8b eax". If the system has crashed because of this bug, the only way to fix it is to reboot the computer, usually by unplugging it and plugging it back in. It does no permanent damage to the computer, but it may cause data loss. The bug was discovered in November 1997. Many operating systems made since 1997 have protection against this bug.

Locker

A locker is a small compartment that is used to store things such as books, coats, etc. They are commonly found in schools. They are usually locked with a padlock or a built-in lock. Usually there is an array of lockers. Each user has his/her own key (or combination) and can not open other people's lockers. There is sometimes a master key used only by the manager which can open all of the lockers. The typical maximum padlock shackle thickness is 5/16 inch (8 mm), and the typical door thickness is 0.8 mm. High-security lockers typically have a 10 mm or more maximum shackle thickness and a 1.2 mm door thickness.

Skeleton key

A skeleton key (also master key or pass key) is a key that can open all of the locks in a set. 

For example, in an office building, each employee would have a key that only opens his/her office, and the manager or owner would have a key that opens all of the offices in that building. 

More complicated setups are also possible. For example, if there are cleaners in the office building, and each cleaner only cleans one floor, the cleaner for a each floor could have a "sub-master" key that opens only the offices on that floor, while each employee still has a key that opens only his/her office and the manager still has a key that opens all of the doors. The exterior doors might also be configured so that they can be opened by any employee key, cleaner key, or the manager's master key. The more complicated the setup, the more important it is to use locks that have a large number of key possibilities. Disc-detainer locks are especially suitable for master keying due to their large number of key possibilities.

Patent attorney

A patent attorney is an attorney who has the specialized skills and training necessary for representing clients in obtaining patents and acting in all matters and procedures relating to patent law and practice. For example, the patent attorney can not only file an application for a new patent but he can also try to stop the patent office from giving the patent to somebody else. The term is used differently in different countries, and thus may or may not require the same legal qualifications as a general legal practitioner (i.e., a lawyer).

The titles patent agent and patent lawyer are also used in some jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions the terms are interchangeable. In other countries, a patent lawyer must also be qualified as a lawyer.

Each patent office regulates the people who make filings. Patent attorneys can do this, but the patent office will not accept filings from other attorneys. Each patent office has its own rules about what a person has to do to become a patent attorney.

In Europe, requirements for practicing as patent attorney before national patent offices differ from those needed for practicing before the European Patent Office (EPO). On the national level, the requirements are not harmonized across the European Union, except that the EU makes sure that respective professional qualifications are mutually recognized to some degree. In the United States, the patent attorney must pass a special examination to test his knowledge of patent office procedures. Some countries allow lawyers who are not citizens to practice. Some countries will allow lawyers from a second country to make filings if the second country will do the same for lawyers from that first country. Many times, a patent attorney from a foreign country will work with a local attorney to make sure that the patent application for that country is filed correctly and quickly.







Bungo Province

Bungo had borders with Buzen, Hyūga, Higo, Chikugo, and Chikuzen Provinces. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Bungo Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Sasamuta-jinja" and "Yusuhara Hachiman-gū" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Bungo.



Aberystwyth

Aberystwyth (Mouth of the River Ystwyth) is a historic market town, administrative centre and holiday resort. It is in the area of Ceredigion in West of Wales. Locals call the area 'Aber'.

The people who live there mostly speak English, though many are also fluent in the Welsh language. It is a university town. The small town of over 13,000 grows by another 10,000 in term time when the students are there. The nearby suburb of Llanbadarn Fawr has another 3,400 people.

Aberystwyth has a train station at the western end of the Cambrian Line from Shrewsbury. 

Aberystwyth is twinned with :

Transition-minimized differential signaling

Transition Minimized Differential Signaling (or TMDS) is a standard that is used to transport uncompressed data to a digital device. The data transmitted is digital. By using a digital signal instead of an analogue signal, the impact of Electromagnetic interference on the signal is reduced. This mode of transmission is mainly used for audio and visual data.

TMDS uses 8b/10b encoding. The code set is different from the original, developed by IBM. Encoding is a two-stage process that uses XOR and XNOR gates. Whether to use XOR or XNOR operation is selected, so that the number ofsignal transitions is minimal; this is where the name is from.

S/PDIF is a similar standard, used in consumer audio equipment.

Hazel

Hazel is a genus of trees and shrubs, in the birch family. There are 50 to 80 species, in four genera. They are native to the temperate regions of the northern hemisphere.

Maxi single

A maxi single is a CD single that contains more than two tracks. The first maxi-single was released during the 1970s. There are also cassette maxi singles that began in the 1990s.

Electric piano

A electric piano is a piano that makes sounds mechanically. The sounds are turned into electrical signals by pick ups. Electric pianos are usually seen in live performances in popular music.

Refrain

A refrain is a verse or group of verses that is repeated at intervals in a piece of music or poetry. In song, it is often called the chorus. The refrain is often very different from the verse in melody, rhythm, and harmonics. It usually has a higher level of dynamics and activity, often with added instrumentation.

In music, a refrain has two parts: the lyrics of the song, and the melody. Sometimes refrains use slightly different words as they are repeated. Such lines are still able to be recognised as part of the refrain by the fact that it is always has the same tune or melody. The rhymes, if present, are also kept even if the words are sometimes different. In popular music, the chorus contrasts with the verse, which leads into it, while the bridge contrasts with and leads into both. Many popular songs from the middle of the 20th century consist only of a chorus.

The word comes from the Vulgar Latin word "refringere", and later from the Old French "refraindre", both of which mean "to repeat".


Willimantic, Connecticut

Willimantic, Connecticut is a census-designated place and former city. It is in the town of Windham, Windham County. About 18,149 people lived there at the 2020 census. Eastern Connecticut State University and the Windham Textile and History Museum are in Willimantic.

Windham, Connecticut

Windham is a town in Windham County, Connecticut, United States. It contains the city of Willimantic and the villages of Windham Center, North Windham, and South Windham. The city of Willimantic was made part of the town in 1983. The population was 24,428 at the 2020 census.

Eastern Connecticut State University

Eastern Connecticut State University (ECSU) is a public liberal arts university. It is located in Willimantic, Connecticut. Eastern Connecticut State University is ranked in the top 100 regional universities in the North (of the United States) in the 2011 edition of the "U.S. News and World Report" list of Best Colleges. There are 5,671 students attending Eastern. The campus is suburban. The school's athletic department are called the "Warriors".

Windham County, Connecticut

Windham County is a county in the northwest of the US state Connecticut. 



Ashford, Connecticut

Ashford is a town in Windham County, Connecticut. The town had a population of 4,191 at the 2020 census. Ashford was founded in 1714. Eastford was a part of Ashford until 1848 or 1847. Eastford split into its own town. Ashford has the largest Boy scout camps in the US state of Connecticut.

Jadeite Cabbage

The Jadeite Cabbage (), or Jadeite Cabbage with Insects, is a Chinese sculpture. It is a piece of jadeite carved into the shape of a Chinese cabbage head. It also has a locust and a katydid hiding in the leaves.

The work is part of the collection of the National Palace Museum in Taipei, Taiwan.

The Jadeite Cabbage is a small sculpture. It measures only . It is think. It is "hardly larger than a human hand".

Jade is translucent: it lets light pass through the sculpture. The combination of several colors in the jade gives the leaves the various colors of a real cabbage. The sculpture was made from one piece of half-white, half-green jadeite. The piece of jade has many imperfections. These include cracks and patches of different colors. These were used as the veins in the cabbage's stalks and leaves.

The sculpture is seen as a symbol of female virtue. The white stalk is a symbol of purity, the leaves show fertility and the locust and katydid symbolize children.

The sculptor of the Jadeite Cabbage is not known. It was first shown in the Forbidden City's Yonghe Palace. This is the home of the Qing Empire's Guangxu Emperor's Consort Jin. She likely got the sculpture as part of her dowry for her wedding to Guangxu in 1889. After the end of the Qing Empire in the Chinese Revolution of 1911, the sculpture became part of the collection of the Palace Museum in the Forbidden City. The piece survived the Second Sino-Japanese War (World War II) and the Chinese Civil War. It was finally made a part of Taiwan's National Palace Museum.

The Jadeite Cabbage has been called the "most famous masterpiece" of the entire National Palace Museum. It is said the be one of the "Three Treasures of the National Palace Museum". The other two are the Meat-Shaped Stone and the Mao Gong Ding. It was picked by the public as the most important item in the museum's entire collection. People thought it was a bad thing in 2009 when it was learned that souvenir copies of the sculpture were being made in China and not in Taiwan. These copies were being sold at the museum.


Brooklyn, Connecticut

Brooklyn is a town in Windham County, Connecticut. The population was 8,450 at the 2020 census. East Brooklyn is listed as a census-designated place and is located on the east side of Brooklyn. The town was founded in 1786.

East Brooklyn, Connecticut

East Brooklyn is a census-designated place in Windham County, Connecticut. The population was 2,205 at the 2020 census. East Brooklyn is next to Danielson. East Brooklyn is the urban side of Brooklyn. The racial makeup of the city was 85.49% White, 1.36% African American, 0.18% Native American, 2.31% Asian, 2.40% from other races, and 8.25% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.71% of the population.

Canterbury, Connecticut

Canterbury is a town in Windham County, Connecticut. The population was 5,045 at the 2020 census. The racial makeup of the town was 89.45% White, 1.27% African American, 0.36% Native American, 0.54% Asian, 1.47% from other races, and 6.92% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.16% of the population.

The town was founded in the 1680s as Peagscomsuck until 1703. In 1832, Prudence Crandall, a school teacher, opened the first school for African American girls. The "Black Law" did not allow the education of black people. However, Crandall taught until she was sent to prison in 1832 for a short time. Angry mobs forced the school to close in 1834. Crandall later married and moved out of the state. Connecticut ended the "Black Law" in 1838. They also gave Crandall a small pension in 1886, four years before her death. The school is now the Prudence Crandall Museum.

Chaplin, Connecticut

Chaplin is a town in Windham County, Connecticut. Chaplin was named after Deacon Benjamin Chaplin, an early settler. The Chaplin Museum, Chaplin Historic District and the Witter House are located in Chaplin.

Surface tension

Surface tension is an effect where the surface of a liquid is strong. The surface can hold up a weight, and the surface of a water droplet holds the droplet together, in a ball shape. Some small things can float on a surface because of surface tension, even though they normally could not float. Some insects (e.g. water striders) can run on the surface of water because of this. This property is caused by the molecules in the liquid being attracted to each other (cohesion), and is responsible for many of the behaviors of liquids.

Surface tension has the dimension of force per unit length, or of energy per unit area. The two are equivalent—but when referring to energy per unit of area, people use the term surface energy—which is a more general term in the sense that it applies also to solids and not just liquids.

In materials science, surface tension is used for either surface stress or surface free energy.

The cohesive forces among the liquid molecules cause surface tension. In the bulk of the liquid, each molecule is pulled equally in every direction by neighboring liquid molecules, resulting in a net force of zero. The molecules at the surface do not have other molecules on all sides of them and therefore are pulled inwards. This creates some internal pressure and forces liquid surfaces to contract to the minimal area.

Surface tension is responsible for the shape of liquid droplets. Although easily deformed, droplets of water tend to be pulled into a spherical shape by the cohesive forces of the surface layer. In the absence of other forces, including gravity, drops of virtually all liquids would be perfectly spherical. The spherical shape minimizes the necessary "wall tension" of the surface layer according to Laplace's law.

Another way to view it is in terms of energy. A molecule in contact with a neighbor is in a lower state of energy than if it were alone (not in contact with a neighbor). The interior molecules have as many neighbors as they can possibly have, but the boundary molecules are missing neighbors (compared to interior molecules). So, the boundary molecules have a higher energy. For the liquid to minimize its energy state, the number of higher energy boundary molecules must be minimized. The minimized quantity of boundary molecules results in a minimized surface area.

As a result of surface area minimization, a surface will assume the smoothest shape it can. Any curvature in the surface shape results in greater area and a higher energy. So, the surface will push back against any curvature in much the same way as a ball pushed uphill will push back to minimize its gravitational potential energy.

Studying water shows several effects of surface tension:

A. Rain water forms beads on the surface of a waxy surface, such as a leaf. Water adheres weakly to wax and strongly to itself, so water clusters into drops. Surface tension gives them their near-spherical shape, because a sphere has the smallest possible surface area to volume ratio.

B. Formation of drops occurs when a mass of liquid is stretched. The animation shows water adhering to the faucet gaining mass until it is stretched to a point where the surface tension can no longer bind it to the faucet. It then separates and surface tension forms the drop into a sphere. If a stream of water were running from the faucet, the stream would break up into drops during its fall. Gravity stretches the stream, then surface tension pinches it into spheres.

C. Objects denser than water still float when the object is nonwettable and its weight is small enough to be borne by the forces arising from surface tension. For example, water striders use surface tension to walk on the surface of a pond. The surface of the water behaves like an elastic film: the insect's feet cause indentations in the water's surface, increasing its surface area.
D. Separation of oil and water (in this case, water and liquid wax) is caused by a tension in the surface between dissimilar liquids. This type of surface tension is called "interface tension", but its physics are the same.

E. Tears of wine is the formation of drops and rivulets on the side of a glass containing an alcoholic beverage. Its cause is a complex interaction between the differing surface tensions of water and ethanol. It is induced by a combination of surface tension modification of water by ethanol together with ethanol evaporating faster than water.

Surface tension is visible in other common phenomena, especially when surfactants are used to decrease it:


Surface tension, represented by the symbol "γ" is defined as the force along a line of unit length, where the force is parallel to the surface but perpendicular to the line. One way to picture this is to imagine a flat soap film bounded on one side by a taut thread of length, "L". The thread will be pulled toward the interior of the film by a force equal to 2"formula_1L" (the factor of 2 is because the soap film has two sides, hence two surfaces). Surface tension is therefore measured in forces per unit length. Its SI unit is newton per meter but the cgs unit of dyne per cm is also used. One dyn/cm corresponds to 0.001 N/m.

An equivalent definition, one that is useful in thermodynamics, is work done per unit area. As such, in order to increase the surface area of a mass of liquid by an amount, "δA", a quantity of work, "formula_1δA", is needed. This work is stored as potential energy. Consequently surface tension can be also measured in SI system as joules per square meter and in the cgs system as ergs per cm. Since mechanical systems try to find a state of minimum potential energy, a free droplet of liquid naturally assumes a spherical shape, which has the minimum surface area for a given volume.

The equivalence of measurement of energy per unit area to force per unit length can be proven by dimensional analysis.

If no force acts normal to a tensioned surface, the surface must remain flat. But if the pressure on one side of the surface differs from pressure on the other side, the pressure difference times surface area results in a normal force. In order for the surface tension forces to cancel the force due to pressure, the surface must be curved. The diagram shows how surface curvature of a tiny patch of surface leads to a net component of surface tension forces acting normal to the center of the patch. When all the forces are balanced, the resulting equation is known as the Young–Laplace equation:

where:

The quantity in parentheses on the right hand side is in fact (twice) the mean curvature of the surface (depending on normalization).

Solutions to this equation determine the shape of water drops, puddles, menisci, soap bubbles, and all other shapes determined by surface tension. (Another example is the shape of the impressions that a water strider's feet make on the surface of a pond).

The table below shows how the internal pressure of a water droplet increases with decreasing radius. For not very small drops the effect is subtle, but the pressure difference becomes enormous when the drop sizes approach the molecular size. (In the limit of a single molecule the concept becomes meaningless.)

It is hard to find the shape of the minimal surface bounded by some arbitrary shaped frame using just mathematics. Yet by fashioning the frame out of wire and dipping it in soap-solution, a locally minimal surface will appear in the resulting soap-film within seconds.

The reason for this is that the pressure difference across a fluid interface is proportional to the mean curvature, as seen in the Young-Laplace equation. For an open soap film, the pressure difference is zero, hence the mean curvature is zero, and minimal surfaces have the property of zero mean curvature.

The surface of any liquid is an interface between that liquid and some other medium. The top surface of a pond, for example, is an interface between the pond water and the air. Surface tension, then, is not a property of the liquid alone, but a property of the liquid's interface with another medium. If a liquid is in a container, then besides the liquid/air interface at its top surface, there is also an interface between the liquid and the walls of the container. The surface tension between the liquid and air is usually different (greater than) its surface tension with the walls of a container. Where the two surfaces meet, the geometry will balance all forces.

Where the two surfaces meet, they form a contact angle, formula_5, which is the angle the tangent to the surface makes with the solid surface. The diagram to the right shows two examples. Tension forces are shown for the liquid-air interface, the liquid-solid interface, and the solid-air interface. The example on the left is where the difference between the liquid-solid and solid-air surface tension, formula_6, is less than the liquid-air surface tension, formula_7, but is still positive, that is

In the diagram, both the vertical and horizontal forces must cancel exactly at the contact point, known as equilibrium. The horizontal component of formula_9 is canceled by the adhesive force, formula_10.

The more important balance of forces, though, is in the vertical direction. The vertical component of formula_9 must exactly cancel the force, formula_13.

Since the forces are in direct proportion to their respective surface tensions, we also have:

where

This means that although the difference between the liquid-solid and solid-air surface tension, formula_20, is difficult to measure directly, it can be inferred from the liquid-air surface tension, formula_17, and the equilibrium contact angle, formula_5, which is a function of the easily measurable advancing and receding contact angles (see main article contact angle).

This same relationship exists in the diagram on the right. But in this case we see that because the contact angle is less than 90°, the liquid-solid/solid-air surface tension difference must be negative:

Observe that in the special case of a water-silver interface where the contact angle is equal to 90°, the liquid-solid/solid-air surface tension difference is exactly zero.

Another special case is where the contact angle is exactly 180°. Water with specially prepared Teflon approaches this. Contact angle of 180° occurs when the liquid-solid surface tension is exactly equal to the liquid-air surface tension.

Because surface tension manifests itself in various effects, it offers a number of paths to its measurement. Which method is optimal depends upon the nature of the liquid being measured, the conditions under which its tension is to be measured, and the stability of its surface when it is deformed.


An old style mercury barometer consists of a vertical glass tube about 1 cm in diameter partially filled with mercury, and with a vacuum (called Torricelli's vacuum) in the unfilled volume (see diagram to the right). Notice that the mercury level at the center of the tube is higher than at the edges, making the upper surface of the mercury dome-shaped. The center of mass of the entire column of mercury would be slightly lower if the top surface of the mercury were flat over the entire crossection of the tube. But the dome-shaped top gives slightly less surface area to the entire mass of mercury. Again the two effects combine to minimize the total potential energy. Such a surface shape is known as a convex meniscus.

We consider the surface area of the entire mass of mercury, including the part of the surface that is in contact with the glass, because mercury does not adhere at all to glass. So the surface tension of the mercury acts over its entire surface area, including where it is in contact with the glass. If instead of glass, the tube were made out of copper, the situation would be very different. Mercury aggressively adheres to copper. So in a copper tube, the level of mercury at the center of the tube will be lower than at the edges (that is, it would be a concave meniscus). In a situation where the liquid adheres to the walls of its container, we consider the part of the fluid's surface area that is in contact with the container to have "negative" surface tension. The fluid then works to maximize the contact surface area. So in this case increasing the area in contact with the container decreases rather than increases the potential energy. That decrease is enough to compensate for the increased potential energy associated with lifting the fluid near the walls of the container.

If a tube is sufficiently narrow and the liquid adhesion to its walls is sufficiently strong, surface tension can draw liquid up the tube in a phenomenon known as capillary action. The height the column is lifted to is given by:

where

Pouring mercury onto a horizontal flat sheet of glass results in a puddle that has a perceptible thickness. The puddle will spread out only to the point where it is a little under half a centimeter thick, and no thinner. Again this is due to the action of mercury's strong surface tension. The liquid mass flattens out because that brings as much of the mercury to as low a level as possible, but the surface tension, at the same time, is acting to reduce the total surface area. The result is the compromise of a puddle of a nearly fixed thickness.

The same surface tension demonstration can be done with water, lime water or even saline, but only if the liquid does not adhere to the flat surface material. Wax is such a substance. Water poured onto a smooth, flat, horizontal wax surface, say a waxed sheet of glass, will behave similarly to the mercury poured onto glass.

The thickness of a puddle of liquid on a surface whose contact angle is 180° is given by:

where

In reality, the thicknesses of the puddles will be slightly less than what is predicted by the above formula because very few surfaces have a contact angle of 180° with any liquid. When the contact angle is less than 180°, the thickness is given by:

For mercury on glass, γ = 487 dyn/cm, ρ = 13.5 g/cm and θ = 140°, which gives h = 0.36 cm. For water on paraffin at 25 °C, γ = 72 dyn/cm, ρ = 1.0 g/cm, and θ = 107° which gives h = 0.44 cm.

The formula also predicts that when the contact angle is 0°, the liquid will spread out into a micro-thin layer over the surface. Such a surface is said to be fully wettable by the liquid.

In day-to-day life we all observe that a stream of water emerging from a faucet will break up into droplets, no matter how smoothly the stream is emitted from the faucet. This is due to a phenomenon called the Plateau–Rayleigh instability, which is entirely a consequence of the effects of surface tension.

The explanation of this instability begins with the existence of tiny perturbations in the stream. These are always present, no matter how smooth the stream is. If the perturbations are resolved into sinusoidal components, we find that some components grow with time while others decay with time. Among those that grow with time, some grow at faster rates than others. Whether a component decays or grows, and how fast it grows is entirely a function of its wave number (a measure of how many peaks and troughs per centimeter) and the radii of the original cylindrical stream.


The Suite Life on Deck

The Suite Life on Deck was an American television series on Disney Channel. It premiered on September 26, 2008. It is a sequel to "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody". The series is about twin brothers Zack and Cody Martin and hotel heiress London Tipton in a new setting, the SS "Tipton". The group goes to classes at a school on the boat that is called "Seven Seas High". On the boat, they meet Bailey Pickett. Mr. Moseby manages the ship. The ship travels around the world to Italy, Greece, India, Sweden and the United Kingdom. In the places where the ship travels, the characters experience different cultures, adventures, and situations.




The show's first episode premiered on the Disney Channel in the US on September 26, 2008. Around 5.7 million people watched it on the night of its premiere.. The series premiere in Canada was also the most watched series premiere on Family channel. In December 2008, Business Wire reported that the show was 2008's #1 scripted television series for children between the ages 6 to 11 and older children between the ages 9 to 14, beating the older series "Hannah Montana" and "Wizards of Waverly Place" in the ratings.<ref name="Disney Channel/DisneyChannel.com Highlights For 2008"></ref> The show was in the #1 spot for the best rated children's television series for many months. The show has been one of the best 4 live-action television series for many months. Since then, “The Suite Life on Deck” had a large lead in the time slot (Friday 8:00 p.m.), ranking as TV's #1 program among the important children's age groups. The series is also #1 in total viewers on all cable, doing better than #2 rank (Fox News and Nickelodeon) by 800,000 more viewers.

As of August 2009, the highest rated episode of "The Suite Life on Deck" was "Double-Crossed," the second part of "Wizards On Deck with Hannah Montana", three episodes where guest stars from "Wizards of Waverly Place" and "Hannah Montana" came onto the show. It premiered on July 17, 2009 on Disney Channel. The special episode was viewed by more than 10.6 million people. It is one of the highest-rated episodes for a Disney Channel original series.

In early October 2009, the one hour special episode "Lost at Sea" became the most watched episode of the series. It had 7.6 million total viewers. In 2009, the series was the most watched scripted series in the children and older children group of viewers (6-14). The series second season's ratings were 25% higher than the show's season one ratings. The second season has averaged around 5.1 million viewers.

Before the series officially started airing, the first episode named "The Suite Life Sets Sail" was made available as a free download on iTunes. All series have since been made available.

Atmospheric chemistry

Atmospheric chemistry is a branch of science in which the chemistry of the Earth's atmosphere and that of other planets is studied. It is a multidisciplinary field of research and draws on environmental chemistry, physics, meteorology, computer modeling, oceanography, geology and volcanology and other disciplines. Research is connected with other areas of study such as climatology.

Studying the atmosphere includes studying the interactions between the atmosphere and living organisms. The composition of the Earth's atmosphere changes as result of natural processes such as volcano emissions, lightning and bombardment by solar particles from the Sun's corona. It has also been changed by human activity. Some of these changes are harmful to human health, crops and ecosystems. Examples of problems include acid rain, ozone depletion, photochemical smog, greenhouse gases and global warming. Atmospheric chemists study the causes of these problems. Atmospheric chemists offer theories about these problems, then test the theories and possible solutions. Atmospheric chemists also note the effects of changes in government policy.

Notes: the concentration of CO and CH vary by season and location. The mean molecular mass of air is 28.97 g/mol.

The ancient Greeks regarded air as one of the four elements. The first scientific studies of atmospheric composition began in the 18th century. Chemists such as Joseph Priestley, Antoine Lavoisier and Henry Cavendish made the first measurements of the composition of the atmosphere.

In the late 19th and early 20th centuries interest shifted towards trace constituents with very small concentrations. One important discovery for atmospheric chemistry was the discovery of ozone by Christian Friedrich Schönbein in 1840.

The concentrations of trace gases in the atmosphere have changed over time and so have the chemical processes which make and destroy compounds in the air. Two important examples of this were the explanation by Sydney Chapman and Gordon Dobson of how the ozone layer is created and maintained, and the explanation of photochemical smog by Arie Jan Haagen-Smit. Further studies on ozone issues led to the 1995 Nobel Prize in Chemistry award shared between Paul Crutzen, Mario Molina and Frank Sherwood Rowland.

In the 21st century the focus is now shifting again. Atmospheric chemistry is increasingly studied as one part of the Earth system. Before, scientists focused on atmospheric chemistry in isolation. Now, scientists study atmospheric chemistry as one part of a single system with the rest of the atmosphere, biosphere and geosphere. A reason for this is the links between chemistry and climate. For example, changing climate and the recovery of the ozone hole affect each other. Also, the composition of the atmosphere interact with the oceans and terrestrial ecosystems.

Observations, lab measurements and modeling are the three central elements in atmospheric chemistry. All three methods are used together. For example, observations may tell that more of a chemical compound exists than previously thought possible. This will stimulate new modelling and laboratory studies which will increase scientific understanding to a point where the observations can be explained.

Observations of atmospheric chemistry are important. Scientist record data about the chemical composition of air over time to watch for any changes. One example of this is the Keeling Curve - a series of measurements from 1958 to today which show a steady rise in of the concentration of carbon dioxide. Observations of atmospheric chemistry are made in observatories such as that on Mauna Loa and on mobile platforms such as aircraft, ships and balloons. Observations of atmospheric composition are increasingly made by satellites giving a global picture of air pollution and chemistry. Surface observations have the advantage that they provide long term records at high time resolution but provide data from a limited vertical and horizontal space. Some surface based instruments such as LIDAR can provide concentration profiles of chemical compounds and aerosol but are still restricted in the horizontal region they cover. Many observations are shared on-line.

Measurements made in the laboratory are essential to our understanding of the sources and sinks of pollutants and compounds found in nature. Lab studies tell which gases react with each other and how fast they react. Scientists measure reactions in the gas phase, on surfaces and in water. Scientists also study photochemistry which quantifies how quickly molecules are split apart by sunlight and what the products are. Scientists also study thermodynamic data such as Henry's law coefficients.



Buzen Province

Buzen had borders with Bungo and Chikuzen Provinces.
The ancient capital city of the province was near Toyotsu, Fukuoka. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Buzen Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Usa-jinjū" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Buzen. 


Chikugo Province

Chikugo had borders with Hizen, Chikuzen, Bungo, and Higo Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Kurume, Fukuoka.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Chikugo Province were reformed in the 1870s.


"Kōra taisha" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Chikugo. 


Chikuzen Province

Chikuzen had borders with Buzen, Bungo, Chikugo, and Hizen Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Dazaifu.

At the end of the 13th century, Chikuzen was the landing point for a Mongol invasion force. But the main force was destroyed by a typhoon which was later called "kamikaze".

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Chikuzen Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Sumiyoshi-jinja" and "Hakosagi-gū" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Chikuzen.



Windows Live Mail

Windows Live Mail is an email client made by Microsoft. It is part of the Windows Live set of products. The application takes over Outlook Express on Windows XP and Windows Mail on Windows Vista. You can download Windows Live Mail for free as part of the Windows Live Essentials suite.

Higo Province

Higo Province (肥後国; Higo no kuni) was an old province of Japan in the area that is today Kumamoto Prefecture on the island of Kyūshū. Along with Hizen Province, it was sometimes called . 

Higo had borders with Chikugo, Bungo, Hyūga, Ōsumi, and Satsuma Provinces.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Higo Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Aso-jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Higo.



Hizen Province

Hizen had borders with the provinces of Chikuzen and Chikugo.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Saga.

The name "Hizen" dates from the Nara Period, when the province was divided from Higo Province. The name appears in the "Shoku Nihongi".

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Hizen Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Kawakami jinja" and "Chiriku Hachiman-gū" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Hizen.



Hyūga Province

Hyūga had borders with Bungo, Higo, Ōsumi, and Satsuma Province.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Saito.

In Kojiki and Nihon Shoki, Hyūga is called in Tsukushi-no-shima, with Tsukushi, Toyo and Hi Province.

In 713 ("Wadō 6, 3rd month"), the province of Hyūga was separated from Ōsumi.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Hyūga Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Tsuno jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Hyūga.



Apollo 4

Apollo 4 was the first unmanned test flight mission of the Saturn V launch vehicle. This was the rocket used in the Apollo program to send the first men to the Moon. The rocket was launched on November 9, 1967 from the Kennedy Space Center. NASA said that the mission was a complete success, and it helped the Apollo program very much.

Alfred Maurer

Alfred Henry Maurer (April 21, 1868 – August 4, 1932) was an American modernist painter. He exhibited his work in avant-garde circles during the early 20th century.

Maurer was born in New York City, the son of a German lithographer. At the age of sixteen, Maurer quit school to work at his father's lithographic firm. In 1897 Maurer left for Paris, where he stayed the next four years, joining a circle of American and French artists. At the time, Maurer's style was realist. 

Briefly returning to New York, he was determined to show his skeptical father that he could paint. Maurer painted what arguably is his most famous painting "An Arrangement", using a woman next door as a model and completing the work (on a borrowed piece of cardboard) in a matter of hours. The painting received first prize at the 1901 Carnegie International Exhibition. Other awards received by Maurer included the Inness Jr. prize of the Salmagundi Club in 1900 and a bronze medal at the Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo, New York in 1901. In 1905 he won the third medal at the Liège International Exposition and a gold medal at the International Exposition in Munich. 

At the age of thirty-six, in Paris, Maurer changed his methods sharply. From that point on he painted only in the cubist and fauvist manner. By 1909 he was an important American avant-garde painter. He had a two-man exhibition with John Marin in New York City at the 291 Gallery. Four of his paintings were included in the Armory Show of 1913.

Leaving Paris shortly before World War I, he returned to his father's house, but was denied support. For the next 17 years, Maurer painted in a garret in his father's house, and gained no critical acclaim. However, he took part in exhibitions at the Anderson Galleries and others. He exhibited regularly at the New York Society of Independent Artists and was elected their director in 1919. In 1924 the New York dealer Erhard Weyhe bought the contents of Maurer's studio and represented the artist for the remainder of his career.

Virgin Interactive

Virgin Interactive was a British video game publisher. It was formed as Virgin Games Ltd. in 1981. The company became much larger after purchasing the budget label, Mastertronic in 1987. It was part of the Virgin Group. In 1994 it was renamed Virgin Interactive.

It published games for PC and systems, including the Amiga, ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, C64, Sega Master System, Sega Mega Drive, Sega Game Gear, Super Nintendo Entertainment System, Sega Saturn, Sony PlayStation, Nintendo 64 and Dreamcast. 

It helped the career of many developers, including Westwood Studios (who developed Command & Conquer Series and the PC port of Resident Evil) and Synergistic. Also, many workers for Shiny Entertainment, including David Perry, worked for Virgin before splitting off to create "Earthworm Jim".
Also among Virgin Interactive alumni are famed video game composer Tommy Tallarico, artist Doug TenNapel, designer David Bishop, animator Bill Kroyer, animator/artists Andy Luckey and Mike Dietz and programmer Andy Astor.

In 1993 Virgin Interactive created the "Digicel" process, originally for an unpublished game called "Dynoblaze". Key to developing the process were Dr. Stephen Clarke-Willson, David Perry, designer David Bishop, animator Bill Kroyer, animator artists Andy Luckey, animator Mike Dietz and programmer Andy Astor. The technology was first released to the public in "Disney's Aladdin" for the Sega Mega Drive/Sega Genesis, and subsequently on such projects as "The Lion King" video game.

The worldwide operations were acquired in a management buyout backed by Mark Dyne who became its Chief Executive Officer in 1998. Tim Chaney, the former Managing Director, was named as President. The U.S. operations were spun out to Electronic Arts as part of its acquisition of Westwood Studios that same year.

The Company's assets were acquired by the French publisher Titus Software — its name was changed to Avalon Interactive on July 1, 2003.

In May 2002, the Spanish division of Virgin Interactive, known as Virgin Interactive España, was purchased by Tim Chaney along with former Spanish president and founder Paco Encinas. The branch was then separated from the main Virgin Interactive company, already part of Titus Software, and kept its own identity as a Virgin brand. Renamed Virgin Play in October 2002, this Spanish publisher remains as the sole representation of the Virgin Group in the video game industry. 



Charles Cecil

Charles Cecil MBE (born 11 August 1962) is an English video game designer. He has worked in the interactive entertainment industry for 25 years. He is currently the Managing Director for UK based company Revolution Software which has released such critical and commercial hits as "Beneath a Steel Sky" and the "Broken Sword" series. Cecil is on the advisory panel of the Edinburgh Interactive Entertainment Festival, and Develop Conference and regularly talks at events and to mainstream press about creative and commercial aspects of the video games industry. He is also a co-founder and director of Game Republic, an alliance of game developers, and is a Board member of Screen Yorkshire, a regional agency that supports movie, television and interactive entertainment in Yorkshire. In 2006, Cecil was awarded the status of ‘industry legend’ by Develop, Europe’s leading development magazine.

Barrington Pheloung

Barrington Somers Pheloung (10 May 1954 – 1 August 2019) was an Australian composer. He lived in England. He is one of the most prolific television and movie composers in the UK, known for his wide range of compositional genres.

Best known for the theme and incidental music to the "Inspector Morse", for which he was nominated for 'Best Original Television Music' at the British Academy Television Awards in 1991, the sequel " Lewis", and the prequel "Endeavour". He has also composed for dance companies, such as the London Contemporary Dance Theatre, and for events, including the opening night of the Millennium Dome.. Pheloung also wrote the theme music for the BBC television series Dalziel & Pascoe.

His film work, includes "Hillary and Jackie", based on the life of the cellist Jacqueline du Pré, for which he was nominated for the 'Anthony Asquith Award for Film Music' at the 52nd British Academy Film Awards. Other works include "A Previous Engagement", "The Little Fugitive", "Shopgirl", "Touching Wild Horses", "Twin Dragons", "Shopping" and "The Mangler". He also made the music to Revolution Software's adventure games In Cold Blood and the first two Broken Swords.

Pheloung's other work includes music for the Sydney Opera House's Twentieth Birthday Celebrations and he contributed to the music for the movie, "Truly, Madly, Deeply" in which he also appeared. He composed the incidental music for the first series of "Boon".

In 2009 he composed the music for "1983", the concluding episode of the acclaimed Channel 4 drama series "Red Riding".

He died in August 2019 at the age of 65 of respiratory failure.




Don Bluth

Donald Virgil "Don" Bluth (born September 13, 1937) is an American animator and independent studio owner. He is best known for leaving The Walt Disney Company in 1979 and later directing of animated movies such as "The Secret of NIMH" (1982), "An American Tail" (1986), "The Land Before Time" (1988), "All Dogs Go to Heaven" (1989), "Anastasia" (1997), and "Titan A.E." (2000), as well as his work on the laserdisc game "Dragon's Lair". 

He is also often credited for providing competition to Disney, and making them improve from their streak of less-successful movie efforts to the movies that would make up the Disney Renaissance.



Manierre Dawson

Manierre Dawson (December 22, 1887, Chicago, Illinois – August 15, 1969, Sarasota, Florida) was an avant-garde painter and sculptor. He was born and raised in Chicago, but lived most of his life in Michigan. 

Manieerre's work been called "surprising and prophetic". During a tour of Europe in 1910, he started painting true abstract works. Back in America, he became convinced that he could not earn a living at art, and became a farmer. He was forgotten until a rediscovery in 1963. He may have been the first person to paint a completely abstract work. He was probably the earliest American abstract artist, slightly ahead of Arthur Dove. 

After working for a year with a firm of architects, he was granted a six-month leave-of-absence for an educational tour of Europe. He departed in mid-June 1910 for his only trip abroad. He made his way across England to France, south through Germany, across Switzerland to Italy, back north for a second stay in Paris, and around northern Germany before embarking from Bremerhaven in late-November. In Sienna, he met and exchanged ideas on painting with John Singer Sargent. During his return visit to Paris he attended a Saturday evening soirée at the apartment of Gertrude Stein and he saw paintings by Paul Cézanne in the gallery of Ambroise Vollard.

1911 through 1914 were the most productive years of his career. In 1914, Dawson participated in two group exhibitions. Summers spent at the family’s retreat in Mason Country, Michigan were his most productive periods during his early career and provided rudimentary knowledge of growing and marketing fruit. He met Lilian Boucher, the daughter of a local farmer, and fell in love. They married in July 1915 and three children were born over the next five years.

Living in rural Michigan and struggling financially he made art from what was available (Portland cement, scraps of lumber, pieces of plywood). Sheets of composite wood (brand names Novoply and Timblend) were laminated together for thickness and carved into freestanding sculptures. 
The first real recognition of his work began in 1966 with a retrospective exhibition mounted by the Grand Rapids Art Museum. An exhibition organized by the John and Mable Ringing Museum in Sarasota and shared with the Norton Gallery in West Palm Springs followed a year later. This exhibition brought Dawson to the attention of Robert Schoelkopf, who showed his work in New York in April 1969 and March 1981. 
When Dawson was diagnosed with cancer in 1968, he sold the Michigan farm and moved to Sarasota permanently. He died on August 15, 1969. 





Pierre Guéry

Pierre Guéry (born 1965) is a French writer, poet and performer.

Born in Marseille (France), he studied music, drama and modern dance and gained a doctorate in literature and phonetics.

These various strands merge together in his poetic work. He is a performance poet, for whom very different places can be stages for his reading. Illness, madness and mourning are the main subjects of his sound poetry. He uses his voice in many different ways in his performances, from whispering to screaming, from sounds that are not words to formal reciting.

Since 2006 he has been taking part in various poetic and artistic events in France, Belgium, Canada, Germany and Lebanon.

In 2009 he translated the "Poems of Guantanamo" into French, and he has translated some work of important beat poets and spoken word artists such as Anne Waldman and Lawrence Ferlinghetti, from the American.




Arthur Dove

Arthur Garfield Dove (August 2, 1880 – November 23, 1946) was an American artist. An early American modernist, he was the first American abstract painter to be shown publicly. In recent years it has become clear that Manierre Dawson was probably slightly ahead of Dove and Kandinsky in producing pure abstracts.

Dynamical systems theory

Dynamical systems theory is a field of applied mathematics that studies objects that change over time. Mathematicians in this field study equations that define these objects. A classic example includes equations of motion, which have been used to learn about basic behavior of mechanical systems. Equations can either describe changes across finite periods of time (or difference equations) or changes with time being continuous time (differential equations). When differential equations are used, the theory is called "continuous" dynamical systems theory. When difference equations are used, it is called "discrete" dynamical systems theory.

The theory looks at the long-term behaviour of dynamical systems. The study also includes the motion of planets, or electronic circuits. 

Sol Linowitz

Sol Myron Linowitz (December 7, 1913 – March 18, 2005) was an American diplomat, lawyer, and businessman born in Trenton, NJ.

He was a graduate of Trenton Central High School, Hamilton College and Cornell Law School. Early in his law career, he helped Xerox get patents on office copier inventions.

Linowitz helped negotiate the return of the Panama Canal to Panama under the direction of President Jimmy Carter. Besides being a career diplomat, lawyer, and one time chairman of Xerox, he wrote two books, "The Making of a Public Man: A Memoir", and "The Betrayed Profession".
He received the Presidential Medal of Freedom. He served on the Cornell University Board of Trustees.

William P. Carey

William Polk Carey (May 11, 1930 – January 2, 2012) was an American businessman. He was the first person to apply leaseback financing to things other than automobiles. Carey started W. P. Carey & Co. LLC. It is a corporate real estate financing company. The headquarters of the company are in New York City in 1973. The company is the largest publicly traded limited liability company in the world. , the company owns more than 1,300 properties in 24 countries. It owns more than of space.

Carey was born May 11, 1930 in Baltimore, Maryland. He is a direct descendant of the 11th US President, James K. Polk. Carey's family has long ties in Baltimore. His great-great-great-grandfather James Carey was an 18th- and 19th-century Baltimore shipper, the chairman of the Bank of Maryland, a member of Baltimore's first City council, and a relative of Johns Hopkins. His grandmother, Anne Galbraith Carey, started the Gilman School for boys in the Baltimore suburb of Roland Park in 1897. As a young man, Carey left the Gilman School to go to the Pomfret School in Connecticut. After this, he studied at Princeton University and the University of Pennsylvania. He served in the Air Force for two years. He then worked at his stepfather's car dealership to repay his college expenses. He learned about leaseback financing while he worked there. He then moved to New York City. Carey lived in New York City and Rensselaerville, New York. In 1988, Carey started the W.P. Carey Foundation. In 1999, he served as the Executive in Residence at the Harvard Business School.

Carey was a benefactor to the Arizona State University College of Business. In 2002, Carey gave million to the College of Business. Because of this, the University renamed its business school the W. P. Carey School of Business.

Carey talks with Johns Hopkins University about a proposal to start a business school in the 1950s. John Hopkins was not interested. In December 2006, it was announced that Carey gave $50 million to Johns Hopkins University. He was a trustee emeritus at the school and donated the money through his W.P. Carey Foundation. It was the largest gift given to Hopkins in support of business education. John Hopkins school of business is now called the Carey Business School. The Hopkins business school was renamed after William Carey's great-great-great-grandfather, James Carey. The school offers a Master of Science in Real Estate program. It is one of the first in the Baltimore/Washington, D.C. area.

On April 25, 2011, Carey gave $30 million to the University of Maryland School of Law. The gift was given to increase the school's endowment. The school was renamed after Carey's grandfather, Francis King Carey, He was a graduate of the Law School in 1880.

In the mid-1990s, the Gilman School started discussing the renovations of Carey Hall. It was the school's main building and housed the Upper School students. Carey Hall was named after Carey's grandmother. It was built in 1910. The building had remained the same until late 2006. Carey gave $10million to the school's capital campaign fund. This amount was twenty percent of the total amount of money raised for the renovation of Carey Hall. On December 10, 2007, Carey Hall was re-opened.
Carey is a direct descendent of Bishop Leonidas Polk, the founder of Sewanee, the "University of the South." Sewanee named an undergraduate business program in Carey's honor. Carey also funded the Carey Fellowships for honor business students. In 2006, Carey received an honorary degree from Sewanee.


Teddy Stadium

Teddy Stadium (, "Itztadion Teddy") is a football stadium in Jerusalem, Israel. It is the home ground of Beitar Jerusalem F.C. and Hapoel Jerusalem F.C. It is named after the long time Jerusalem mayor Teddy Kollek. For Beitar the stadium was important. They played at the YMCA Stadium. That stadium was nicknamed "The Sandbox" because of its bad ground conditions.

Originally only the west and east sides of the stadium were built giving it a capacity of 13,000. In 1999 work was finished on a north side. Now the capacity is 31,733.

The stadium itself is one of the newest in Israel and meets all European standards. The stadium has 5,000 parking spots and is connected to the Malha Mall and its parking facilities by a pedestrian bridge. The stadium is located at the Begin Expressway and the Malha Train Station. So people can go to the stadium either by car or rail.

Teddy Stadium has hosted international football matches. It was also the place for the Maccabiah Games opening ceremony and other public events.

Infinitesimal

Infinitesimals are quantities that are too small to measure. 

Newton and Leibniz developed the calculus based on an intuitive notion of an infinitesimal. In 1870, Karl Weierstraß provided the first rigorous treatment of the calculus, using the limit method. But in 1960, Abraham Robinson found that infinitesimals also provide a rigorous basis for the calculus. Many calculus courses still begin with the difficult limit concept, but others now adopt the easier to understand infinitesimal concept.

In differential calculus, in both the limit and infinitesimal versions, the velocity of a particle is represented by formula_1, where "s" is the position of the particle and "t" the time at which the velocity is measured. In infinitesimal calculus, d"s" and d"t" are simply very small quantities. In general, the term formula_2 is called the differential of the variable formula_3.

Assume that "s" = "t", we have that at time "t" + d"t", "s" + d"s" = (t + d"t"). From these equations, we can determine d"s" in terms of d"t" by using simple algebra as follows:

which means that:

Because d"t" is infinitesimal, one can just ignore it, so the instantanous velocity is "v" = 2"t". One gets the same result using the limit version, with greater rigour. The infinitesimal derivation can also be made more rigorous.



Linzer Stadion

The Stadion der Stadt Linz (City of Linz Stadium) is the largest stadium in Upper Austria. It is also known as Gugl stadium after the hill it is situated on. It was built in 1952. It was renovated and adapted often since this year. At the moment there are adaption works. After this the stadium is for 20 000 people.

The stadium is owned by LIVA. The LIVA is the event agency of the City of Linz. The stadium is the homeground of LASK Linz and Blau Weiß Linz. Beetween 1988 and 2008 there was an annual track and field athletics meeting. 

The stadium was demolished in 2021. The Raiffeisen Arena was built in its place.

Second Battle of Ypres

The Second Battle of Ypres was a battle of the First World War. It was fought for control of the town of Ypres in western Belgium. It happened in the spring of 1915. It was the first time that Germany successfully used chemical weapons on a large scale on the Western Front. It was also the first time a former Colonial power defeated a major European power in European soil. The battle was the beginning of a new danger; gas, which will cost both sides thousands of casualties the rest of the war.

During the months of April and May 1915, the two sides fought over Hill 60. The allies captured the hill five days before the Second battle of Ypres began. Hill 60 was on the southeast edge of the Ypres Salient. It was an excellent Observation post to see the salient. Hill 60 would also be involved in the battle that followed. 

The Hague Conventions of 1899 and 1907 had not allowed "projectiles" that carried poison gas. Before the second battle at Ypres, the Germans had placed 5,700 chlorine gas cylinders in front of their trenches. For weeks before the battle, the allied high command picked up intelligence the Germans intended to use poison gas. However, they didn't believe the Germans would do it.

The first casualties of the chlorine gas attack in World War One were the French (mostly Algerian soldiers). They were not trained for this kind of attack. When the first Chlorine gas was released into the air, the French began to retreat in massive numbers. This left the Canadians without any French support. It also left their center open to any German attack. But the Germans were unprepared for the results of the gas attack. Their reserves of manpower were low and they failed to take advantage of the French withdrawal. Canadian and British troops quickly filled the gap in the lines to stop the Germans from attacking.

Some Germans were exposed to the gas as well. By the end of the battle the Allies and Germans had suffered massive casualties. The Canadians alone suffered over 6000 casualties. Gas masks were rare at the time, and the Allied troops did not have them. A Canadian ceramic maker was able to recognize the color of the gas. He immediately told the soldiers to urinate on a towel and put it over their face. This isolated (separated) the gas components and stopped the gas from killing the Canadian soldiers.

This was actually the second time the Germans had used gas against enemy troops. The first attempt was at the Battle of Bolimov, Russia in February 1915. The freezing temperatures caused the gas to fall to the ground harmlessly.

European Aviation Safety Agency

The European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) is a working group of the European Union (EU). The agency offices are in Cologne, Germany. EASA which has been given regulatory and executive tasks in the field of civilian aviation safety. The current Head of the EASA is Luc Tytgat.

EASA was created on 15 July 2002. The agency took over functions of the JAA (Joint Aviation Authorities) in 2008.

The Agency’s responsibility and jurisdiction include
The EASA is the European point of reference in aviation safety. The agency has taken over functions of the National Aviation Authorities (NAAs). This is part of the process of standardisation across the EU. EASA assists the European Commission in international harmonisation agreements.

EASA is tasked by Article 15(4) of Regulation (EC) No 216/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 February 2008 to provide a review of aviation safety each year. The "Annual Safety Review" presents statistics on European and worldwide civil aviation safety.



École pour l'informatique et les techniques avancées

École pour l'informatique et les techniques avancées, commonly named EPITA, is a French private, non-profit university. It is in Le Kremlin-Bicêtre (close to Paris), Rennes, Lyon, Strasbourg, Toulouse and La Défense, France. The school was created in 1984.
EPITA is specialized in the different fields of IT. The school is part of IONIS Education Group and "Conférence des Grandes Écoles". Since 1997, the head is Joël Courtois.



Institut Sup'Biotech de Paris

Institut Sup'Biotech de Paris, commonly named Sup'Biotech, is a French private, non-profit university establishment. It is in Villejuif (close to Paris), and in Lyon, France. The school was created in 2003. Sup'Biotech specialises in Biotechnology. The school is part of IONIS Education Group.


North Downs

The North Downs are a group of hills in southeast England. The contain a large amount of chalk. The North Downs stretch from The White Cliffs of Dover in Kent to Farnham in Surrey. There are many beautiful places in the area which are called Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONBs).

National Historic Landmark

A National Historic Landmark (NHL) is a building, site, structure, object, or district with historical importance. The United States government marks them as NHLs only if they have high historical significance. Out of more than 80,000 places on the National Register of Historic Places only about 2,430 are NHLs.

A National Historic Landmark District (NHLD) is a historic district that is recognized as an NHL. It may include contributing properties that have buildings, structures, sites or objects, and it may include non-contributing properties.

On October 9, 1960, Secretary of the Interior Fred Andrew Seaton announced 92 properties as NHLs. The first of these was a political nomination, Sergeant Floyd Grave and Monument in Sioux City, Iowa as officially designated on June 30 of that year, but for various reasons the public announcement of the first several NHLs was delayed.

NHLs are designated by the United States Secretary of the Interior because they are:

Of the 2,442 or so current NHLs, 3 states, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, and New York account for nearly 25 percent of the nation's NHLs. In addition to these states, cities within these states, Boston, Philadelphia, and New York City (each separately) alone have more NHLs than 40 out of the 50 states. There are NHLs in all 50 states. There are 74 in the District of Columbia, 15 in Puerto Rico and other U.S. commonwealths and territories, five in U.S.-associated states such as Micronesia, and one in Morocco.

There are 128 ships or shipwrecks that are NHLs.

About half of the National Historic Landmarks are privately owned. The National Historic Landmarks Program relies on suggestions for new designations from the National Park Service, which also assists in maintaining the landmarks. The National Historic Landmark Stewards Association is a friends' group of owners and managers who works to preserve, protect and promote National Historic Landmarks.

If not already listed on the National Register of Historic Places, an NHL is automatically added to the Register upon designation. About three percent of Register listings are NHLs.


Iki Province

The province was Iki Island. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Iki Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Amanotanagao jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Iki. 


McAfee

McAfee, Inc. is a computer security company. Its headquarters are in Santa Clara, California, United States. It sells software and services to home users, businesses and the public sector. It was founded in 1987. Intel bought McAfee in 2010.

Ōsumi Province

Ōsumi had borders with Hyūga and Satsuma Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Kokubu.

In 713 ("Wadō 6, 3rd month"), the land of Ōsumi Province was separated from Hyūga.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Ōsumi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Japan's first satellite was named "Ōsumi". It was launched February 11, 1970.

"Kagoshima jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Ōsumi. 


Satsuma Province

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Satsuma Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Hirasaki jinja" and "Nitta Hachiman-gū" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Satsuma.



Tsushima Province

The province was the Tsushima Islands, which is today part of Nagasaki Prefecture.

The capital city of the province was located at Izuhara.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Tsushima Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Kaijin jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Tsushima. 


Duo Dickinson

George "Duo" Dickinson (born August, 21, 1955) is an American architect. He has built over 500 projects in over 10 states, with budgets ranging from $5,000 to $5,000,000. He maintains an office of 10 staff members in Madison, Connecticut.

Dickinson graduated from Cornell in 1977 with a Bachelor's degree in Architecture and opened his own architectural practice in 1987. He is licensed in Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Texas, Florida, Arizona, Oklahoma, Minnesota and Tennessee.

His work has received more than 30 awards, including the "Architectural Record" Record House, the "Metropolitan Home" Met Home Award, and the Connecticut and New York American Institute of Architects design awards. He is the first non-member award-winner of the Society of America Registered Architects' 2009 Special Service Award. He is the co-Founder of The Congress of Residential Architecture (CORA), the first national organization of residential designers. CORA has grown to over 20 chapters and 1,000 members in seven years.

Dickinson's design work has been published in over 70 publications including the "New York Times", "Architectural Record" and "House Beautiful". He has written seven books, including "The Small House" and "Expressive Details" for McGraw-Hill and "The House You Build", published by Taunton Press and as a paperback entitled "House On A Budget". His last book, "Staying Put", was released by Taunton Press in November 2011.

Dickinson is a commissioned blogger for the "New Haven Register", and his blog, "Saved By Design" has been up since the summer of 2010. He is a contributing writer on home design for "Money Magazine". Additionally he is the architecture critic for the "New Haven Register" and contributing writer in home design for "New Haven" magazine. Dickinson has written articles for more than a dozen national publications including "Residential Architect", "Home" and "Fine Homebuilding" and was a contributing writer for the “By Design” column for "This Old House" magazine.


Dickinson has taught at Yale College, Roger Williams University and at the Harvard Graduate School of Design Summer Program. Additionally he has lectured at dozens of universities, AIA associations, and at national conventions and gatherings.

Dickinson was the co-host of the CNN/Money Magazine web series "Home Work". He was under contract with Lightworks Producing Group to create production ideas for cable television programming focusing on residential design and is in production with Bruce Barber on a regional radio program "The Real Life Survival Guide" scheduled to begin airing in 2011. He has appeared on a variety of national media platforms, including Heritage Radio Network's "Burning Down the House", CNN’s "Open House", NPR’s "Studio 360" and "Weekend Marketplace".

Dickinson sits on the board of seven not-for-profit organizations, including the New Haven Chapter of Habitat for Humanity, the Katherine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center, and Madison Cultural Arts. Additionally, 20-30% of the ongoing work in his office is dedicated to "pro bono" or at-cost work for not-for-profits, totaling over 50 projects for over 30 organizations over the last 25 years.


Aki Province

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Aki Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Itsukushima jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Aki. 


Bingo Province

The province had borders with Bitchū, Hōki, Izumo, Iwami, and Aki Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was in the area of Fuchu. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Bingo Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Kibitsu jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Bingo. 


Thelton Henderson

Thelton Eugene Henderson (born November 28, 1933, Shreveport, Louisiana) is a federal judge in the Northern District of California. He has played an important role in civil rights as a lawyer, educator, and jurist.

Henderson received his undergraduate and law degrees from University of California, Berkeley. In 1962, he became the Justice Department's first African-American lawyer in the Civil Rights Division. He was sent to the South to monitor local law enforcement for any civil rights abuses, a role that included investigating the 1963 16th Street Baptist Church bombing which killed four girls. In this capacity, he met Martin Luther King and other leaders of the Civil Rights Movement, after winning over their initial skepticism of being a government attorney.

After time in private practice, he served as director of a Legal Aid Society of San Mateo County office in East Palo Alto, California. In 1969, he became assistant dean at Stanford Law School, where he started the minority recruiting program and helped diversify the student body. He also assisted in creating Stanford's clinical program. During this time, he also was a consultant to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, Office of Economic Opportunity, Carnegie Corporation, and Ford Foundation. In 1977, he left Stanford to start a law firm which specialized in civil rights, civil liberties and other issues of constitutional law. He also was a law professor at Golden Gate University.

In June 1980, President Jimmy Carter appointed Henderson as U.S. District Court Judge. From 1990 to 1997, Henderson served as Chief Judge for the Northern District of California. Since 1998, he has served as Senior Judge.

In the late 1980s, Henderson presided over a long-running case over the fishing industry's practice of snaring dolphins in its tuna nets. Environmental groups charged that millions of dolphins had drowned because of the industry's refusal to follow existing safety regulations. He
also rejected attempts by the Clinton and Bush administrations to relax legal standards on fishing practices and loosen dolphin safe labeling on tuna.

In a landmark 1995 civil rights case, "Madrid v. Gomez", Henderson found the use of force and level of medical care at the Pelican Bay State Prison unconstitutional. During its subsequent federal oversight process, Henderson visited the prison.

In a 1997 decision, he struck down Proposition 209, the anti-affirmative action California initiative, as unconstitutional. Many supporters of Proposition 209 criticized his decision, and the next year a three-judge Court of Appeals panel overturned his decision.

In 2005, Henderson found that substandard medical care in the California prison system had violated prisoners' rights under the Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution to be protected from cruel and unusual punishment. Bad medical care had led to unnecessary deaths in California prisons. In 2006, he appointed Robert Sillen as receiver to take over the health care system of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation; he replaced Sillen with J. Clark Kelso in 2008.

In addition to his official work, he went to South Africa in 1985 with fellow judge Leon Higginbotham as a judicial observer and guest of the nation's black lawyers association. While there he was briefly detained and interrogated by white policemen.

Among his awards are the State Bar of California's Bernard Witkin Medal, the Pearlstein Civil Rights Award from the Anti-Defamation League, the Distinguished Service Award by the National Bar Association, the Lewis F. Powell, Jr. Award for Professionalism and Ethics from the American Inns of Court, the Judge Learned Hand Award from the American Jewish Committee and the 2008 Alumnus of the Year Award from the California Alumni Association at the University of California, Berkeley.

Additionally, the Thelton E. Henderson Center for Social Justice at Boalt Hall is named for him.

A documentary on his life, "Soul of Justice" by Abby Ginzberg, was released in late 2005.


Caitlyn Jenner

Caitlyn Jenner (born William Bruce Jenner, October 28, 1949) is an American former track and field athlete, television personality and politician.

After her Olympic career, her professional career changed into being a television celebrity. By 1981, she had starred in several television movies. 

Jenner married the socialite Kris Jenner. The couple has two daughters, Kendall and Kylie Jenner. Since 2007, she is best known for the reality television program "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". She is the stepmother of the Kardashian sisters.

In 2015, Jenner came out as transgender. In June 2015, Jenner had completed her transition and changed her name to Caitlyn Jenner.

She was a candidate for Governor of California in the 2021 recall election as a Republican. She received one percent of the votes, and she finished in 13th place. She was later hired by Fox News as an on-air contributor.

Jenner is from Mount Kisco, New York. She studied at Newtown High School in Newtown, Connecticut. Jenner got a football scholarship to Graceland College (now Graceland University) in Iowa. A knee injury caused her to stop playing football. She changed to the decathlon. Jenner first decathlon was at the Drake Relays in 1970. She finished in fifth place.

Jenner placed third in the decathlon at the 1972 U.S. Olympic trials. She finished in tenth place at the 1972 Munich games. Because she did so well in getting to the Olympics, she chose focus her time almost entirely on training. She sold insurance when not training. In the years before professionalism was allowed in athletics, this kind of full-time training was unusual. During that time, she spent eight hours a day at the San Jose City College track. San Jose at the time was a main place for training Olympic athletes. Millard Hampton, Andre Phillips, John Powell, Mac Wilkins, Al Feuerbach and others also trained there. In 1974 and 1976, Jenner was the American champion in the decathlon.

At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, she won the gold medal in the Decathlon. She set the world record of 8,618 points. Her record was broken by just 4 points by Daley Thompson in 1980. In 1985, the IAAF Decathlon scoring table was changed. Using the new table, Jenner's score was 8634 when comparing her to modern athletes. As of 2011, Jenner is #25 on the world all-time list and #9 on the American all-time list.

Jenner was a national hero due to winning the Olympic decathlon. She won the 1976 James E. Sullivan Award as the top amateur athlete in the United States. Jenner was also the Associated Press Male Athlete of the Year in 1976. She was made a part of the Olympic Hall of Fame in 1986 and the Bay Area Sports Hall of Fame, the Connecticut Sports Hall of Fame in 1994 and the United States National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1980.

In the 1970s, Olympic athletes were required to be amateur. They were not allowed to be paid as a sports celebrity. In 1972, three major Olympic sports (basketball, 100 meters and decathlon), were won by Soviet athletes. Winning the decathlon title made Jenner an American hero. After this, Jenner wanted to earn money because of her celebrity. If she did this, she could not take part in the Olympics again. She left her equipment in the stadium. She did not expect to ever use them again. Shortly after the Games, Jenner's picture was used on the front of Wheaties brand breakfast cereal as a "Wheaties champion." Since then, photographs of several hundred athletes have been used on the boxes. Jenner is one of only seven Wheaties "spokesmen." She was asked to go to the White House to meet with President Gerald R. Ford.

On November 22, 1977, Jenner went to San Francisco to testify in court against complaints that General Mills, the makers of Wheaties, had been using false advertising about her eating Wheaties. Jenner said that she liked the cereal and ate it two to three times per week. Two days later the court case was stopped.

In 1977, the Kansas City Kings picked Jenner with the 139th pick of the NBA Draft. Jenner had not played basketball since high school. She did not play for them.

Jenner decided to try for a television career. She had some success. Jenner starred in the television movies ""The Golden Moment: An Olympic Love Story"" (1980) and ""Grambling's White Tiger"" (1981). In 1981–82, she began acting on the police series "CHiPs". She played the role of Officer Steve McLeish. She was a short time replacement for Erik Estrada. Estrada was in a contract dispute with NBC and MGM at the time. Jenner was in a half-dozen episodes before Estrada returned.

Jenner also appears in the video games "Olympic Decathlon" (1981) and "Bruce Jenner's World Class Decathlon" (1996).

Jenner has appeared as herself on many game shows and reality TV programs. In the early 1990s, she was the host of an infomercial for a stair-climbing exercise machine called the "Stair Climber Plus".

In January 2002, Jenner was in an episode of the American series of "The Weakest Link". In February and March 2003, she was part of the cast of the American series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!". She made a cameo appearance on a season three episode of "The Apprentice" in May 2005. She skated with Tai Babilonia for "Skating with Celebrities" in January–March 2006. Jenner has as also been a guest judge on "Pet Star" on Animal Planet, and appeared on NBC's game show "Identity". She was also on "Celebrity Family Feud" with her family.

Since 2007, Jenner has been in the E! reality television series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". She is on the series with her wife Kris Jenner, stepdaughters Kourtney, Kim, Khloé, and stepson Rob Kardashian and daughters Kylie and Kendall Jenner. The Kardashian members of the family are from Kris' marriage to attorney Robert Kardashian. Season two had an average of 1.6 million viewers.

At the start of its fourth season in late 2009, "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" set ratings records. Its second episode had a total of 4.2 million people watch it.

"Kardashians" ended its fifth season on October 24, 2010. It had 4.1 million viewers at that time. This was less than record 4.8 million viewers for its fourth-season finale on February 28, 2010.

Jenner's company, Bruce Jenner Aviation, sells aircraft supplies.

When Jenner was a young child, she learned she had dyslexia. In an episode of the sitcom "Silver Spoons", she told the Stratton family about her condition. This was after she retired from sports, built a successful career as a motivational speaker and television sports commentator.

On February 7, 2015, Jenner was involved in a multiple-vehicle collision on the Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu, California. The accident caused one death, and eight others were injured. Jenner was able to walk away from the accident.

Politically, Jenner is conservative and is a Republican. She is also a Christian.

On September 23, 2013, Jenner said that she underwent surgery of her nose skin because of cancer.

In April 2015, Jenner publicly came out as transgender in a two-hour television interview. She said that she wants to be referred to with male pronouns while transitioning. Jenner will star in an eight-part documentary about her transition. It will be broadcast starting in July 2015. On June 1, 2015, Jenner revealed her new name, Caitlyn, and her use of female pronouns officially. Many news sources have described Jenner as the most famous openly transgender American.

Jenner has a younger sister named Lisa. Her younger brother, Burt was killed in a car accident shortly after Jenner's success in the Olympics. Jenner's first son is named after her brother.

Jenner's first marriage was to Chrystie Crownover (December 15, 1972 – January 2, 1980). They had two children, Burton William "Burt" Jenner (born September 6, 1978) and daughter Cassandra Lynn "Casey" Jenner (born June 10, 1980). In 2009, Jenner became a grandmother to Francesca, her daughter Casey's first child.

Jenner's second marriage was from 1981–1985 to actress Linda Thompson. Their two sons Brandon Thompson (born June 4, 1981) and Brody (born August 21, 1983) appeared in their own reality show "The Princes of Malibu". Brody was also on the reality show "The Hills".

Jenner's third marriage was to Kris (née Houghton). After dating for five months, they married on April 21, 1991. Kris was previously married to lawyer Robert Kardashian. Jenner has two daughters with Kris, Kendall Nicole (born November 3, 1995) and Kylie Kristen (born August 10, 1997). During Jenner's third marriage, she was the stepfather of Kim, Khloé, Kourtney and Rob Kardashian.

Bruce and Kris Jenner announced their separation in October 2013, though they had actually separated a year earlier. Their divorce was finalized in March 2015.

In July 2017, Jenner announced that she was contemplating running in the 2018 race for the US Senate to represent California. She decided not to run in the elction.

In early April 2021, it was reported that Jenner was considering running for Governor of California in the 2021 recall gubernatorial election as a Republican. On April 23, she announced she would run.


Bitchū Province

The province had borders with Hōki, Mimasaka, Bizen, and Bingo Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Soja. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Bitchū Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Kibitsu jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Bitchū. 


Clay Mathematics Institute

The Clay Mathematics Institute (CMI) is a private, non-profit foundation, based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The institute is dedicated to increasing and disseminating mathematical knowledge. It gives out various awards and sponsorships to promising mathematicians. Boston businessman Landon T. Clay and his wife, Lavinia D. Clay started it in 1998. Harvard University mathematician Arthur Jaffe was the first president of CMI.

The institute is best known for its Millennium Prize Problems, a list of the seven most important unsolved mathematical questions. Of these, only the Poincaré conjecture has since been solved. The Clay Institute also does other things, including a postdoctoral program (ten Clay Research Fellows are supported each year) and an annual summer school, the proceedings of which are published jointly with the American Mathematical Society.

Bizen Province

The province had borders with Mimasaka, Harima, and Bitchū Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Okayama.

In 713 ("Wadō era 6, 3rd month"), the land of Bizen"-no kuni" was separated from Mimasaka Province (美作国).

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Bizen Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Kitbitsuhiko jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Bizen. 


Lauderhill, Florida

Lauderhill is a town in south Florida. It is in Broward County, ten miles from the Atlantic Ocean.

In 2020, 74,482 people lived there. More than 75% of the population is black. Many are Jamaicans and other Caribbean people who immigrated in the last 40 years. About 9% are white, mostly old people retired from New England.


Monica Iozzi

Monica Iozzi de Castro (November 2, 1981 in Ribeirão Preto, Brazil) is a Brazilian actress and reporter. Currently she integrates the TV Show "Custe o Que Custar" of the Rede Bandeirantes.

Socialite

A socialite is a wealthy and famous person who takes part in social activities and spends a large amount of time entertaining and being entertained at upper-class events. 

The term includes many people who are "famous because they are famous". These people are not famous because of something they have done. They are famous most often because of which family they are a member of and/or how they are talked about by the media.

In history, many socialites were aristocrats who attended gatherings of other wealthy people. Many of them also had close ties to the British royal family and the House of Lords. Some modern socialites include Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian.

American socialites used to be listed in the Social Register. It was a list of names and addresses of the people who were thought to be more socially acceptable in the socially important families in the 19th century. In 1886, Louis Keller had the idea of combining these lists and selling them. Mr. Keller had great success. By 1918 there were 18 yearly volumes that covered 26 cities.


Magnetic moment

The magnetic moment of a magnet is a quantity that determines the force that the magnet can exert on electric currents and the torque that a magnetic field will exert on it. A loop of electric current, a bar magnet, an electron, a molecule, and a planet all have magnetic moments.

Both the magnetic moment and magnetic field may be considered to be vectors having a magnitude and direction. The direction of the magnetic moment points from the south to north pole of a magnet. The magnetic field produced by a magnet is proportional to its magnetic moment as well. More precisely, the term "magnetic moment" normally refers to a system's magnetic dipole moment, which produces the first term in the multipole expansion of a general magnetic field. The dipole component of an object's magnetic field is symmetric about the direction of its magnetic dipole moment, and decreases as the inverse cube of the distance from the object.

In text books, two complementary approaches are used to define magnetic moments. In pre-1930's textbooks, they were defined using magnetic poles. Most recent textbooks define it in terms of Ampèrian currents.

Physicists represent sources of magnetic moments in materials as poles. The North and South poles are an analogy to the positive and negative charges in electrostatics. Consider a bar magnet which has magnetic poles of equal magnitude but opposite polarity. Each pole is the source of magnetic force which weakens with distance. Since s always come in pairs, their forces partially cancel each other because while one pole pulls, the other repels. This cancellation is greatest when the poles are close to each other i.e. when the bar magnet is short. The magnetic force produced by a bar magnet, at a given point in space, therefore depends on two factors: on both the strength formula_1 of its poles, and on the vector formula_2 separating them. The moment is defined as

It points in the direction from South to North pole. The analogy with electric dipoles should not be taken too far because magnetic dipoles are associated with angular momentum (see Magnetic moment and angular momentum). Nevertheless, magnetic poles are very useful for magnetostatic calculations, particularly in applications to ferromagnets. Practitioners using the magnetic pole approach generally represent the magnetic field by the irrotational field formula_4, in analogy to the electric field formula_5.

Suppose a planar closed loop carries an electric current formula_6 and has vector area formula_7 (formula_8, formula_9, and formula_10 coordinates of this vector are the areas of projections of the loop onto the formula_11, formula_12, and formula_13 planes). Its magnetic moment formula_14, vector, is defined as:

By convention, the direction of the vector area is given by the right hand grip rule (curling the fingers of one's right hand in the direction of the current around the loop, when the palm of the hand is "touching" the loop's outer edge, and the straight thumb indicates the direction of the vector area and thus of the magnetic moment).
If the loop is not planar, the moment is given as

In the most general case of an arbitrary current distribution in space, the magnetic moment of such a distribution can be found from the following equation:

where formula_18 is the position vector pointing from the origin to the location of the volume element, and formula_19 is the current density vector at that location.

The above equation can be used for calculating a magnetic moment of any assembly of moving charges, such as a spinning charged solid, by substituting

where formula_21 is the electric charge density at a given point and formula_22 is the instantaneous linear velocity of that point.

For example, the magnetic moment produced by an electric charge moving along a circular path is

where formula_18 is the position of the charge formula_25 relative to the center of the circle and formula_22 is the instantaneous velocity of the charge.

Practitioners using the current loop model generally represent the magnetic field by the solenoidal field formula_27, analogous to the electrostatic field formula_28.

A generalization of the above current loop is a multi-turn coil, or solenoid. Its moment is the vector sum of the moments of individual turns. If the solenoid has formula_29 identical turns (single-layer winding),

The unit for magnetic moment is not a base unit in the International System of Units (SI) and it can be represented in more than one way. For example, in the current loop definition, the area is measured in square meters and formula_6 is measured in amperes, so the magnetic moment is measured in ampere–square meters (formula_32). In the equation for torque on a moment, the torque is measured in Newton.meters and the magnetic field in tesla, so the moment is measured in N.m per Tesla (formula_33). These two representations are equivalent:

In the CGS system, there are several different sets of electromagnetism units, of which the main ones are ESU, Gaussian, and EMU. Among these, there are two alternative (non-equivalent) units of magnetic dipole moment in CGS:

and (more frequently used)

The ratio of these two non-equivalent CGS units (EMU/ESU) is equal exactly to the speed of light in free space, expressed in cm/s.

All formulas in this article are correct in SI units, but in other unit systems, the formulas may need to be changed. For example, in SI units, a loop of current with current I and area A has magnetic moment I×A (see below), but in Gaussian units the magnetic moment is I×A/c.

For relation between the notions of magnetic moment and magnetization see magnetization.

Bedworth

Bedworth is a small market town in Warwickshire, England. It is northwest of London, east of Birmingham, and north of the county town of Warwick. The town is home to many sights including The Bedworth Water Tower and The Nicholas Chamberlaine Almshouses. It was also known for mining, which is not done anymore. They also are known for the vast amount of Charity Shops which are located in most parts of the town.

The town is pronounced "Beduf" by the people that live there.

Thomas Schaaf

Thomas Schaaf (born 30 April 1961 in Mannheim) is a former German football player. Schaaf was a defender. He is now coach of SV Werder Bremen in the German Bundesliga.
After the death of his father the Schaaf family went to Bremen. They lived near the Weser Stadion. And so Thomas Schaaf came to SV Werder. He spent all his active and manager time with SV Werder. In 1972 he came to Werder Bremen's youth academy. 1978 he turned professional. Till 1994 he played 281 matches for Werder Bremen. He was with Bremen two times German Champion (1988, 1993) and two times Cup winner (1991, 1994). He also won the UEFA Cup in 1992. As player he played two times for the German U21 national team.

Schaaf began his coaching career during his active career. He was then coach of Werder's youth teams U17 (1987/88) and U19 (1988 - 1995). 1993 till 1995 he was assistance coach in the first team. After four years as coach with the second team he became coach of the first team in 1999. He is still coach. He is the longest serving coach in today's German Bundesliga. As coach of the first team he won the German Bundesliga in 2004 and was three times Cup winner (1999, 2004, 2009). From 2004 his team qualified 5 times for the UEFA Champions League.

Thomas Schaaf is married and has a daughter. He is also engaged in social issues. He is ambassador for the "Zentrum für trauernde Kinder und Jugendliche " (center for mourning children and youths).

Rockefeller family

The Rockefeller family () is the Cleveland family of John D. Rockefeller (1839–1937) and his brother William Rockefeller (1841–1922). They are an American industrial, banking, and political family that originally came from Germany. They made one of the world's largest private fortunes in the oil business during the late 19th and early 20th century. This was mainly through the Standard Oil Company.

The family has a long association with and financial interest in the Chase Manhattan Bank, now JPMorgan Chase. They as one of the most powerful groups inside the United States and are well connected to the banking industry. Their ancestor, Johann Peter Rockefeller, moved to North America in 1723 from what is today Westerwald, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.


Mimasaka Province

The province had borders with Bitchū, Bizen, Harima, Hōki, and Inaba Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was Tsuyama. 

In 713 ("Wadō 6, 3rd month"), the land of Mimasaka was separated from Bizen Province. 

Mimasaka was the home of the samurai Miyamoto Musashi who is known for writing "The Book of Five Rings".

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Mimasaka Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Nakayama jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Mimasaka. 


Nagato Province

, often called , was an old province of Japan in the area of Yamaguchi Prefecture on the island of Honshū. 

The province had borders with Iwami and Suō Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was Shimonoseki.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Nagato Province were reformed in the 1870s.

The Japanese battleship "Nagato" was named after this province.

"Sumiyoshi jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Nagato. 


Suō Province

The province had borders with Aki, Iwami, and Nagato Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was Hōfu. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Suō Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Tamanoya jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Suō. 


Alexander Zickler

Alexander "Alex" Zickler (born 28 February 1974 in Bad Salzungen, then German Democratic Republic) is a German football manager and former football player. He played as a striker. During his career he played for FC Bayern Munich.

He started playing at the age of six with Dynamo Dresden. He played in all youth ranks. His debut in the first team was on 23 October 1992 against 1. FC Nuremberg. In July 1993 Zickler went to FC Bayern Munich where he stayed as a player for 11 seasons. During this time he was often injured. He scored 18 goals as substitute which is record in the German Bundesliga.

In June 2005 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg together with his team mate Thomas Linke. With Red Bull Salzburg he won three Austrian titles. 2006 he was elected Austrian footballer of the year by the coaches of the Austrian Bundesliga. 2010 he went to LASK Linz. After the end of the 2010/11 season he retired from football. He went back to Red Bull Salzburg where he works as contact partner for fans and partner firms.

Alexander Zickler played 17 times for Germanys U21 national team and scored 7 goals. In 12 matches for the German national football team he scored two goals.




Apollo 5

Apollo 5 was the first unmanned test flight of the Apollo Lunar Module. The Apollo Lunar Module was the lander part of Apollo spacecraft. The module was launched on January 22, 1968 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.

Hallucigenia

Hallucigenia is an extinct genus of animal found as fossils in the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale formation of British Columbia, Canada. Another species is found in the Lower Cambrian Maotianshan shale of China. 

"Hallucigenia" was thought by Stephen Jay Gould to be unrelated to any living species, but most palaeontologists now believe that the species was a velvet worm, a relative of modern arthropods.

Unlike its contemporary "Aysheaia", "Hallucigenia" has very little resemblance to modern Onychophora. The elongated, and clawed legs bear little resemblance to the paired annulated legs of the Onychophora. It is unknown what the spines were made of and how much 'protection' they offered. It is not easy to explain why 30 or more specimens — each thought to have seven pairs of rather long, flexible legs — do not show even one example of paired legs. But at least this reconstruction of the animal can plausibly walk, and the spines serve a reasonable purpose. A picture of this reconstruction as well as a photograph of an actual fossil can be seen on the Geological Survey of Canada's website.

Jōgan







A collection of laws issued after 811 was published during this era. It was called the "Jōgan kyaku-siki".



Software testing

Software testing takes place during software engineering. It is done before the release to the final audience.

Software testing is meant to see how the software works under different conditions. These conditions might be different depending on what the audience is. Testing is done to understand if it will work correctly, partially fail to work properly, or totally fail to work properly. Each test may be used to see how one, or many, parts of the software work at a point in its development.

Proper performance may be based on specific (written) requirements or standards (which might, for example, be usability). Bad performance, or poor quality, might cause an unhappy audience. This could cause more work needing to be done on the software and higher costs.

A review of the results of tests may show that some parts of the software system may need to be done again, or may work well. Some bad performances or software bugs may need to be fixed. After more work on the software, testing may be done again.

For larger software systems, tracking may take place checking completeness of the set of tests, test results, and how quickly any problems are fixed. All this information can be used for decision making about how ready the software is, and when it could be released to the final audience.

Software testing may be done with separate parts of the software, with a group of these parts, or with the entire software. Software testing may be done by allowing the software to be used by a small number of people who the software is meant for, under controlled settings. It is then tested with a larger group of people under less controlled settings (beta testing).

Some related terms are unit testing, white box testing, black box testing, regression testing, manual testing, automated testing, testing tools, test plan, test case, test data and test coverage.

Josef Skvorecky

Josef Škvorecký (September 27, 1924 – January 3, 2012) was a Czech writer and publisher based in Canada. He left Czechoslovakia after the Soviet invasion in 1968. Skvorecky helped banned Czech writers have their books printed and then smuggled back in to the country.

He was born at Nachod. During World War II he worked in a factory making Messerschmitt airplanes. After the war he studied philosophy at Charles University in Prague. He worked for a government publisher. His job there was to translate books by authors such as Ernest Hemingway, William Faulkner, and Raymond Chandler. He began to write his own detective stories based on a character called Lieutenant Boruvka.

His first novel, "The Cowards" (1958), was banned because it did not agree with the government about the communist resistance to the Nazis in the war. The book did not talk about heroism and sacrifice. The characters are interested in girls and jazz. He was about to publish his second novel, "The Tank Battalion" (1968), when the Soviet Union invaded Czechoslovakia in 1968. Skvorecky and his wife left the country and moved to Canada where he had been offered a job at the University of Toronto. With his wife they set up their own publishing company. They reprinted "The Tank Battalion". Copies were sold to Czech people living in exile. Some copies were smuggled back into Czechoslovakia. His publishing company specialized in printing books by banned Czech writers.

He was awarded the Order of the White Lion, by Vaclav Havel in 1990, and in 1992 was appointed to the Order of Canada.



Heiji



The "Tale of Heiji" is about this era. The work tells the story of the samurai who were part of the Heiji Rebellion. Along with the "Tale of Hōgen" and the "Tale of Heike", these three war stories tell about the rise and fall of the Minamoto clan and the Taira clan.



Left-wing anarchism

Left-wing anarchism is an extreme kind of left-wing libertarianism. It is a kind of politics that believes capitalism and the government both need to be removed. These anarchists want to end private property because they believe people who own it have unfair power over others. They want a future based on people working to help each other, instead of for money. But they want to make these things happen without using a government. It wants a society where there is no one in charge. Each person does what they need to without others to lead them. Left-wing anarchism often means the same as socialist anarchism and libertarian socialism. Left-wing anarchists have been a part of anti-globalization protests. For example, the protest in 1999 against the World Trade Organization in Seattle.

Ulrike Heider, a syndicalist, grouped anarchism into left-wing anarchism, right-wing anarchism (anarcho-capitalism), and green anarchism. People who study anarchists, including Bryan Caplan and Murray Bookchin, do not agree with her. They say her research was not good enough. Left-wing anarchism is distinguished from free-market anarchism and right-wing anarchism (such as that of Murray Rothbard).



Cristiano da Silva

Cristiano da Silva (; born 12 January 1987), sometimes known as just Cristiano, is a Brazilian football player for J2 League club, Ventforet Kofu, on loan from V-Varen Nagasaki.

He started playing football with Adap Galo. His first professional team was Coritiba FC in 2005. After playing for different teams he came to CA Metropolitano. He was then out on loan for Associação Chapecoense und EC Juventude. In 2011 he had a test with Red Bull Salzburg. He statisfied coach Moniz and signed a contract till 2015.


Aggrotech

Aggrotech is a type of electronic dance music. It is a form of electro-industrial music It combines the music with an aggressive style. The German band Funker Vogt is known for this genre of music.

Wiener FC 1898

Wiener FC 1898 (Vienna Football Club 1898) was one of the first football clubs in Austrias capital Vienna. The club existed from 1897 till 1903.
The club was the football section of the "Deutsch-Österreichischen Turnverein Wien" (German-Austrian gymnastic club). The Turnverein was founded by Jewish members of the "Ersten Wiener Turnverein 1861" (First Vienna gymnastic club). In the 1880s the club allowed only members of German origin to be members. So did other sports clubs. The Jewish members formed the Deutsch-Österreichischen Turnverein.

In 1898 the football section became a club of its own. In the first year they reached the final of the Challenge-Cup, a football competition for clubs from the Austrian- Hungary Empire. They lost 7-0 to Vienna Cricket and Football-Club. In the next editions the club reached the semi finals. In 1900/01 the Österreichischen Fußball-Union organized a league and Wiener FC was put in the 1. Klasse. They played for the Tagblatt-Pokal (Tagblatt-Cup, "Tagblatt" was a newspaper from Vienna)

The reason for quitting the league was that the club suffered often from a lack of players. 

Hōgen (era)







The "Tale of Hōgen" is about this era. The work tells the story of the samurai who were part of the Hōgen Rebellion. Along with the "Tale of Heiji" and the "Tale of Heike", these three war stories tell about the rise and fall of the Minamoto clan and the Taira clan.



Teleology

Teleology is a philosophical idea that things have goals or causes. It is the "view that developments are due to the purpose or design which is served by them".

An example would be Aristotle's view of nature, later adopted by the Catholic Church. The word ""teleological"" comes from the Ancient Greek "telos", which means "end" or "purpose". A simpler example would be a tool such as the clock, which is designed by people to tell the time.

Whether or not an entity (person or god) is needed to cause teleology to happen is one of the most important questions. All cultures we know of have creation stories in their religions. However, much of science operates on the principle that the natural world is self-organising. This applies particularly to astronomy and biology, which were once explained as the action of a deity, and are now seen as natural and automatically self-organising. Cybernetics is the basic science of self-organising systems.

The general issue of whether the original sense of teleology applies to the natural world is still a matter of controversy between religion and science.


Non sequitur

Non sequitur means "does not follow." It is a type of logical fallacy: a bad argument that makes no sense. 

It is defined as a deductive argument that is invalid. The argument could have true premises, but still have a false conclusion.

The term ""non sequitur"" usually refers to those types of invalid arguments which are not named formal fallacies (e.g. post hoc ergo propter hoc). In other words, in practice, ""non sequitur"" refers to an unnamed formal fallacy. 

A non sequitur argument takes something that people accept is true, and says that because this is true, the conclusion is right. The problem is that the conclusion has nothing to do with the premise (original statement that people agree on).

People often have difficulty applying the rules of logic. For example, a person might say this syllogism is valid:

It would only be true if all winged animals were birds (which is not so).

Oracle of Delphi

The Oracle of Delphi was an institution in Ancient Greece, dedicated to the god Apollo. Only one priestess operated at Delphi at any one time, and the name given to her was 'the Pythia'. The woman gave up her own name when she became priestess.

The Temple of Apollo was at Delphi, on the slopes of Mount Parnassus in Greece. According to legend, the god answered questions through the medium of the priestess, who was famous for her ambiguous predictions. Scholars from time to time have suggested that burning Oleander or volcanic gases played their part in her strange utterings.

In 560 BC Croesus, King of Lydia in 580 BC, went to the Delphic Oracle and the Oracle at Thebes for advice. He asked if he should make war on the Persians. Both oracles gave the same response, that if Croesus crossed the river (made war on the Persians), "a mighty empire would be destroyed". They also advised him to seek out the most powerful Greek peoples and make alliance with them.

An example of her ambiguity is "You will go you will return never in war will you perish". This can be read with a comma either before or after the word "never". Thus it covers both outcomes.

Cuban Revolution

The Cuban Revolution (1953-1959) was an armed revolt in the mid-1950's. It was led by Fidel Castro against the government of Fulgencio Batista. The revolt took place between 1953 and 1959. Batista was finally removed from office on January 1, 1959. He was replaced by a revolutionary government led by Castro. This government changed to communism, d became the Communist Party of Cuba in October 1965.

The revolt began with the assault on the Moncada Barracks on July 26, 1953. It ended on December 31st, 1958, when Batista was forced to leave the country and Santa Clara and Santiago de Cuba were taken by rebels. Che Guevara and Fidel Castro, Raúl Castro and Huber Matos led the rebels. Guevara led the group at Santa Clara. Raúl Castro and Matos led the rebels at Santiago de Cuba. Castro used guerilla warfare methods. 

The United States of America tried to sabotage the new government (Led by Fidel Castro) Cuba. The U.S tried to send them and more soldiers to the Bay of Pigs to try and create a surprise attack. Somehow, Fidel Castro got wind of their attack and sent his army to the bay to fight. The U.S force was outnumbered, and faced defeat. Many soldiers were captured and killed in public. 

George Stephanopoulos

George Robert Stephanopoulos (; born February 10, 1961) is an American television journalist and a former political advisor.

Stephanopoulos is the chief political correspondent for the news division at ABC-TV– and a co-anchor of ABC-TVs morning news program, "Good Morning America" ("GMA"). He returned as host of ABC-TV's "This Week" in January 2012, a Sunday morning news program produced by ABC-TV's news division. He is the main replacement anchor for ABC-TV's newscast program, "World News with Diane Sawyer".

In recent years, he has co-hosted ABC Newss special live coverage of political events with Charles Gibson and Diane Sawyer. He and has often been on "GMA" and "World News". He launched "George's Bottom Line", an ABCNews.com blog.

Before he started working for ABC News, he was a senior political adviser to the 1992 U.S. presidential campaign of Bill Clinton. He later became the White House Communications Director for two years. He was replaced by David Gergen. This change came after the Republican party getting control of the U.S. House and Senate in the mid-term elections of 1994.

In April 2020, Stephanopoulos was diagnosed with COVID-19.



Platt (surname)

Platt is a surname, and may refer to:




Scared Shrekless

Scared Shrekless is a television Halloween special. It was first shown on the American television network NBC on Thursday, October 28, 2010. The special is once again based on the characters from the "Shrek" franchise. While some of the actors reprised their roles, others don't return (such as Patrick Stewart, who is the new voice of Donkey).

It is Halloween night, and Shrek's family is celebrating by scaring trick-or-treaters. Inside their house, Donkey, Pinocchio, The Three Little Pigs, Wolf and Gingy fail to scare the ogres, and Shrek claims that nothing can scare an ogre because ogres are "the kings of Halloween". To prove him wrong, Donkey proposes a challenge to see who can tell the scariest story, but Shrek amps it up by choosing to hold their contest in Lord Farquaad's abandoned castle, Duloc. Gingy starts first with a story about his girlfriend dumping him and asking the muffin man for a new girlfriend, made with loads of sugar, thus giving her the name Sugar as revealed in the credits. Gingy becomes happy with her but ends up becoming freaked out of all her love for him. After running away and pushing her in a big container of batter, he finally becomes free of her and decides to go home, but the batter that Sugar was dropped in ended up creating thousands of zombie-like versions of herself, surrounding Gingy and eating him. The Three Little Pigs get scared and run away with Wolf who claims they are his ride. Shrek comments on the falsehood of Gingy's ""true"" story, saying that he cannot be here if he was eaten, and he runs off as well.

Next, Donkey and Puss tell a story about them taking shelter from a thunderstorm at Boot's Motel. It starts off well but they end up fighting over whose story is better and generally making each other look bad. Donkey gets Pinocchio to spray Puss with water, making him run away. At last, Shrek tells the final story about him as a baby-sitter trying to sort out a crazed, seemingly possessed, Pinocchio, but after continuously getting beaten up by the living puppet, Shrek tries to catch him but Pincocchio jumps out of the window. After landing on the streets, a talking cricket pops out of Pinocchio's head, claiming to be his conscience and the voice in his head making him go crazy, only to be squashed under Pinocchio's foot.

Pinocchio denies that the story is true, but when Shrek shows him a Real Cricket, he screams and runs out. Now alone, Donkey and Shrek hear the wind moving about, and a walking suit of armour calling Donkey's name. Scared out of his wits, the Donkey admits defeat and runs away. Fiona reveals it was her and the babies who planned the ghost act and then they, along with Shrek, celebrate by egging the seven dwarves.



"Scared Shrekless" got its DVD release on September 13, 2011 and a double DVD release on September 27, 2011, along with "".

Norbit

Norbit is a 2007 movie directed by Brian Robbins, and starring Eddie Murphy. It was released on February 9, 2007 and was a box-office success and was acclaimed from audience, although it received poor reviews from film critics.

Norbit Albert Rice (Eddie Murphy) and Kate Thomas (Thandie Newton) are best friends at the Golden Wonton Orphanage and Chinese restaurant run by Mr. Wong (Murphy), until Kate is adopted and they are separated. While being bullied by twins at a playground one day, Norbit is saved by Rasputia Latimore (Murphy), an overweight tough girl who, in return for scaring him to be her boyfriend, protects him from other bullies and frightens the other children into playing with him. When they reach adulthood, Rasputia becomes an overbearing, moody, vindictive woman.

Eventually, the two marry due to pressure from Rasputia and her three coarse, thuggish older brothers and henchmen Big Black Jack (Terry Crews), Blue (Lester "Rasta" Speight), and Earl (Clifton Powell) who the whole town (except Mr. Wong) live in fear of and also make Norbit their bookkeeper at their building company. The town's fear of the Latimore brothers comes from their fear of Rasputia. During their marriage, Rasputia bullies, tyrannises, and insults Norbit to keep him to herself until she eventually resents him and has an affair with her dance instructor Buster (Marlon Wayans). Norbit calls her out on this and she becomes angered and chases him throughout the neighborhood. He escapes her and throws away his wedding ring due to her deception.

During a puppet show at the orphanage, Norbit vents out his anger at Rasputia's cheating when he unexpectedly sees Kate for the first time in years. Stunned by her return, he falls in love with her again when she reveals that she is buying the Golden Wonton; the following Tuesday, while out to lunch with Kate, he is dejected to find out she has become engaged to a man named Deion (Cuba Gooding, Jr.).

With help from his ex-pimp friends Pope Sweet Jesus (Eddie Griffin) and Lord Have Mercy (Katt Williams), Norbit eventually manages to go on a date with Kate without Rasputia's knowledge. Deion is revealed to be a gold digger and a crooked businessman, who is helping the Latimore brothers in their plans to convert the orphanage into a strip club called Nipplopolis and they dupe Norbit into getting Kate to sign the papers which will renew the liquor licence and put it in their name. When Norbit meets Kate that evening, it leads to him help her reciting her wedding vows, and the two kiss, leading Kate to reconsider her wedding. When Norbit returns home, he learns that Rasputia witnessed the whole thing and she threatens to kill Kate if Norbit ever sees her again.

The next morning, Norbit is locked in the basement by Rasputia, who is the mastermind of the orphanage plot and had her brothers carry it out. When Kate confronts Norbit about the deal, he reluctantly insults her to stop Rasputia following through with her threat of violence. Rasputia then adds that ever since Kate came back to town, Norbit has played her, making her run away in sadness while Rasputia laughs and mocks her. Norbit decides to leave town for good, but not before tries in vain to warn Kate about Deion.

After that, Norbit is caught by Rasputia and her brothers (who were alerted by Rasputia) and they reveal their plans for the orphanage before imprisoning him in the basement again. Blue is chosen by Rasputia to stay and keep watch due to being the smartest of the brothers, but Norbit escapes and races to the church by bicycle. Although the Latimores try to stop him, Norbit arrives at the church and tells Kate about Deion's gold-digging, but his proof of Deion's divorce settlements were destroyed after he fell into a pond. However, Deion's ex-wives arrive with their children by him, each with conflicting tales about him as arranged by Norbit to help him find more proof of Deion's wrongdoings.

Deion runs away with his ex-wives in pursuit, effectively ending his marriage to Kate. Furious, Rasputia and her brothers try to kill Norbit for ruining their plans, but the townspeople unite and protect him. In a blind fury, Rasputia fights her way through the crowd armed with a spade. She orders her brothers to get out of the way as she tries to kill Norbit, but is harpooned in the backside by Mr. Wong. She and her brothers are chased out of town, and Kate reconciles with Norbit, and the two share a kiss. Norbit then ends his marriage to Rasputia, on the grounds of her affair with Buster, her attempted murder of him, and her plan to take over the orphanage.

Norbit and Kate buy the orphanage and marry under the same tree where they played in childhood. Meanwhile, Rasputia and her brothers flee to Mexico where they open their strip bar El Nipplopolis, where Big Black Jack becomes their bartender and Rasputia becomes their most lucrative stripper.

Ciara Bravo

Ciara Quinn Bravo (born March 18, 1997 in Alexandria, Kentucky) is an American actress, singer, and voice actress. She is best known for her role in "Big Time Rush" as Katie Knight. Bravo is also known for voicing Giselita in "Open Season 3" and Peaches in "".





Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run

Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run is a 2006 American computer-animated short movie from Sony Pictures Animation. The movie is a spin-off of the movie "Open Season" and stars Boog and Elliot, the main characters of the "Open Season" franchise.

One summer night, Bob and Bobbie (Georgia Engel) leave the trailer to go skinny-dipping, leaving Mr. Weenie (Cody Cameron) to guard the cinnamon buns they left on the counter. Boog (Martin Lawrence) and Elliot (Ashton Kutcher) sneak into the camp and discover there's buns in trailer. Unfortunately, Weenie is guarding the door.

To avoid the waking Weenie, Boog and Elliot climb onto the roof and Boog ties Elliot to the end of a rope and lowers him through the open skylight. Unfortunately, Elliot is distracted by the buns and salivates, waking Mr. Weenie, who bites his backside, accidentally pulling Boog into the trailer. Bob and Bobbie is hear noises from outside and think that Weenie is being nightmarely attacked. Bobbie puts on a towel to go investigate. Shocked by what she sees, she accidentally drops her towel, revealing her bare tattooed buttocks (as well as everything else her breasts, abdomen, and crotch, which are off-screen) to the passing police car, whose driver pulls over, startled away by the screaming and naked woman. Elliot runs out of the window looking for a place to hide, leaving Boog incriminatingly holding Weenie by the tail when the police officer, Gordy (Gordon Tootoosis), breaks into the RV camper. Then Mr. Weenie laughs to Boog, "You are so busted?!" and Boog responds, "Tell me about it?.."


"Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run" was exclusively released on December 15, 2006, as a special feature on the "Open Season" DVD and Blu-ray.

The DVD copy of the short film was released on May 9, 2007 in China and the DVD copy of the short film was released on March 18, 2008 in Japan. The DVD copy of the short film was debuted on TV in Sweden on December 27, 2009.


Karley Scott Collins

Karley Scott Collins (born December 14, 1999) is an American actress and voice artist. She is the voice of Gisela in the "Open Season" franchise.


Robert M. Berdahl

Robert Max Berdahl (born March 15, 1937) is an American historian, author and the interim President of the University of Oregon (OU). He was chancellor of the University of California, Berkeley from 1997 to 2004. He was president of the Association of American Universities (AAU) from May 2006 to June 2011. In addition to his duties as interim President, he serves on the Board of Directors of Lam Research Corporation. 

Berdahl was born in Sioux Falls, South Dakota in 1937. He received his B.A. degree from Augustana College (South Dakota). Berdahl got an M.A. degree from the University of Illinois. He earned a Ph.D. in history from the University of Minnesota in 1965.

Berdahl taught history at OU from 1967 to 1986. During that time he was dean of the College of Arts and Sciences from 1981 to 1986 while Paul Olum was OU president. Olum also was forced to retire in a fight over resources for the university. Berdahl then was vice chancellor for academic affairs at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign for seven years. He then was president of the University of Texas for four years.

On December 9, 2011, Berdahl announced that he had been asked by the Oregon State Board of Higher Education to serve as the interim president of the University of Oregon. On November 28, 2011, the board gave Richard W. Lariviere 30 days to leave his office. Berdahl had written an editorial supporting Lariviere. Berdahl took office on December 29, 2011 and will serve until fall 2012 when his successor is named.


Richard W. Lariviere

Richard W. Lariviere was President of the University of Oregon (OU) from 2009 to 2011. He is a Life Member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
He became president of OU in 2009. Lariviere's contract was not renewed in 2011 amid a racketeering scandal in the OU Dean of Students office. 
Lariviere has stated that he will remain at OU as a tenured faculty member.
Lariviere was Visiting Lecturer in the South Asia Regional Studies Department of the University of Pennsylvania from 1978-79. He was a Visiting Professor at the University of Iowa from 1980-1982. Lariviere was dean of the College of Liberal Arts at the University of Texas at Austin from 1999 to 2006. He was executive vice chancellor and provost at the University of Kansas from 2006 to 2009.

As OU president, Lariviere answered to a number of different groups. He ran into two problems: OU salaries and OU governance. Before Lariviere arrived at OU, salaries were frozen for several years. OU could not compete with other colleges. In February 2011, Oregon Governor John Kitzhaber asked all the public universities in Oregon to limit payroll increases to six percent. But Lariviere found OU money that did not come from Oregon to give bigger pay increases to faculty and staff. This caused the unions to demand a pay increase from OU for their members.

All seven public colleges in Oregon are run by a single Oregon state board of higher education. Lariviere agreed to work with other public colleges to seek more independence in a plan that resulted in Senate Bill 242. Governor Kitzhaber signed that law on July 20, 2011 to give public college more control over how they spend money. At the same time, OU developed a separate legislative proposal (the "New Partnership") to start a separate 15-person board of trustees for OU and a $800 million state bond issue to match private donations to a new OU endowment fund. The governor and state board asked Lariviere to delay pushing for the OU legislation while Senate Bill 242 went through the legislature first. Because Lariviere and OU seemed to be working separately from the Governor and state board, the board voted to fire him on November 28, 2011. He was given 30 days to leave his office. The board hired Robert M. Berdahl as interim president.



Oxford Movement

The Oxford Movement was a religious movement within the Church of England, based at the University of Oxford, which began in 1833. Members of this movement were known as 'Tractarians' (from "Tracts for the Times", a collection of books, pamphlets and essays that described their beliefs). Opponents of the movement called them Newmanites (before 1845) and Puseyites (from 1845), after John Henry Newman and Edward Bouverie Pusey, two leading Tractarians. The members of the movement tried to bring back Catholic doctrine and forms of service into the Church of England. The Oxford Movement wanted to make services more like a Catholic Mass. They also believed the Anglican church was an 'apostolic' church, connected directly to the Church of Saint Peter and the other Apostles. John Keble was another leader of the movement.

After publishing ninety Tracts, Newman decided, in Tract 90, that the Branch Theory (that the Anglican, Eastern Orthodox and Roman Churches were all part of the one Church) was not enough, and he converted to Catholicism, and later became a Cardinal. Enemies of the Movement thought this proved that they were trying to reunify with Rome. Others followed Newman to Rome (Henry Edward Manning, another important Tractarian, converted in 1851) while others, such as Pusey and John Keble, remained in the Anglican Church to continue the work of reforming it.

Today, it is represented in the 'Anglo-Catholic' or High Church (more Catholic, as opposed to Low Church, more Protestant) part of the Anglican Church, the smaller, conservative part. Recently, with the Anglican Church debating if female clergymen should be allowed, some Anglo-Catholics, such as Bishop Burnham, Bishop Newton and sixty priests left the Church and converted to Rome in protest, as they do not believe female bishops or female priests should be allowed.



Ninpei

, also romanized as Nimpyō, was a after "Kyūan" and before "Kyūju." This period started in January 1151 and ended in October 1154. During this time, the emperor was .






Graphics Interchange Format

Graphics Interchange Format (often shortened to GIF) is a file format for images.

It is a raster graphics format; that is the image has a fixed size. CompuServe developed and introduced the format in 1987. Today, it is widely used on the World Wide Web.The format supports up to 8 bits per pixel, or 256 colors. It also supports animations. Each frame of an animation can have its own set of 256 colors. GIF is not used to show photographs very much, because having only 256 colors is limiting for such a task.

To reduce their size, images are compressed using Lempel–Ziv–Welch compression. Lempel-Ziv-Welch, or LZW, is a lossless compression. No information is lost when compressing or uncompressing. There were some problems with the patent of the LZW compression. That patent was not held by CompuServe, but by Unisys. These issues led to the development of another format, called PNG. This is no longer a problem, because the patents have expired.

A GIF may often represent a small clip of a favorite scene from a show or video.

The creators of the format pronounced the word as "jif" with a soft "G" /dʒɪf/ as in "gin". says that the intended pronunciation deliberately echoes the American peanut butter brand Jif, and CompuServe employees would often say "Choosy developers choose GIF", spoofing this brand's television commercials.

The disagreement over the pronunciation led to heated Internet debate. On the occasion of receiving a lifetime achievement award at the 2013 Webby Award ceremony, Wilhite rejected the hard-"G" pronunciation, and his speech led to 17,000 posts on Twitter and 50 news articles.

Kyūan

, also romanized as Kyū-an, was a after "Ten'yō" and before "Ninpei." This period spanned the years from July 1145 through January 1151. The reigning emperor was .










Tabuaeran

Tabuaeran is one of the Line Islands of the central Pacific Ocean. It is an atoll. Tabueran is part of Kiribati. The highest point on the island is about 3 m (10 ft) above high tide.

Tabuaeran is the name in Gilbertese language. The island is also called Fanning Island or Fanning Atoll in English.


Augustana University

Augustana University is a private liberal arts college in South Dakota. It is affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. The school is in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, United States. The 100-acre (40 ha) campus makes the school the largest private university in South Dakota. Some people call the college “Augie.”

It was first called "The Lutheran Normal School". It was started for the purpose of educating teachers. In 1918, the college got its current name after joining with Augustana College in Canton. This happened because synod officials worried about having enough money to run two institutions so close together. The schools were only 20 miles (32 km) apart. The college claims its founding as 1860, the same as its sister-school (which shares the same name) in Rock Island, Illinois. Augustana gets its name from the "Confessio Augustana", the Latin name for the Augsburg Confession of 1530.

Augustana regularly gets high rankings among other Midwestern schools. Publications such as "The Princeton Review" named Augustana a "Best Midwestern College" and "U.S. News & World Report" listed Augustana as a "Best Buy" in 2009. "U.S. News & World Report" has listed the school a top tier baccalaureate college in the Midwest for 13 years in a row, with Augustana placing third as of 2009. It got this ranking again in 2010.


Chiodos

Chiodos (pronounced ) is an American post hardcore band. They formed in Davison, Michigan in 2001. The band was first known as "The Chiodos Bros." This was a tribute to the filmmakers Stephen, Charles, and Edward Chiodo. Chiodos released their first full-length album on July 26, 2005. It was titled "All's Well That Ends Well". Their second album was titled "Bone Palace Ballet". 

It was released in North America on September 4, 2007. Later on, Warner Bros. Records released "Bone Palace Ballet" in the United Kingdom on January 26, 2009. It debuted at number 5 on the "Billboard" 200. 

It also reached number 1 on the Independent Albums chart. In 2010, they released their third studio titled "Illuminaudio". This is the first album without lead vocalist Craig Owens. Chiodos has not said why they let Owens leave the band. On February 2, 2010, Chiodos announced Brandon Bolmer from Yesterday's Rising would be their new lead vocalist. Illuminaudio has received very positive reviews. It reached #37 on the Billboard 200 and #5 on Top Alternative Albums.




Davison, Michigan

Davison is a city in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and a suburb of Flint. The population was 5,143 at the 2020 census. Davison is located within Davison Township. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , which is all land. Davison was first settled in 1842 by Eleazer Thurston. Davison was named after Judge Norman Davison, who founded a nearby town formerly known as Davisonville, now known as Atlas.

The Chiodo Brothers

The Chiodo Brothers (Stephen, Charles & Edward Chiodo, all born in Bronx, New York) are a group of sibling special effects artists. They are best known for their movie "Killer Klowns from Outer Space" and for making puppets and effects for movies such as "Critters", "Ernest Scared Stupid", and "". They made the detailed dioramas seen in the 2010 movie "Dinner for Schmucks". The post-hardcore band Chiodos (originally called The Chiodos Bros) is named after them as a tribute.

Their studio has also made several clay animation segments on "The Simpsons"


The Saturdays

The Saturdays are a five person Anglo-Irish girl group. They were formed in 2007 in London. They released their first single, "If This Is Love" in 2008. The group consists of Una Healy, Mollie King, Frankie Sandford, Vanessa White and Rochelle Humes. They have sold over four million singles in the UK and Ireland.


Viber

Viber is an application for iOS, Windows Phone and Android OS. It lets users make free phone calls and send free text messages to anyone who has the application installed. Viber works on both 3G and Wi-Fi networks. A version for BlackBerry devices is in the works, according to Viber. 

As of March 2017, this application is said to have 800 million registered users worldwide. In 2017, the app introduced a new feature "secret chats" wherein, the users are given an option to start conversations that self-destruct after a certain time limit.



Computer museum

A computer museum is a museum for the study of historic computer hardware and software. The International Council of Museums defines a "museum" as a "permanent institution in the service of society and of its development, open to the public, which acquires, conserves, researches, communicates, and exhibits the tangible and intangible heritage of humanity and its environment, for the purposes of education, study, and enjoyment".

Some computer museums are a part of larger institutions. For example, the Science Museum in London and the Deutsches Museum in Munich. Others, such as the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California, the MuseumsForum in Paderborn, and The National Museum of Computing at Bletchley Park, deal only with computing. Some deal mainly in the early history of computing. Others focus in the era that started with the first personal computers such as the Apple I, Altair 8800, Apple IIs, older Apple Macintoshes, Commodore Internationals, Amigas, IBM PCs and more rare computers such as the Osborne 1. Some deal more on research and conservation. Some museums are for computer education and entertainment. There are also private collections.

The term 'museum' has grown in common usage to include online collections, in much the same way other activities have made the change ('Online shopping', 'Online Gallery' etc.). Online Museums range in type and quality from those that collate and preserve material to those that simply show photographs of hardware from other sources. They are different from traditional museums mainly in that the exhibits can not be touched or interacted with in the traditional sense.






Portfolio management

Portfolio management refers to earning money by putting assets into different types of investments. The idea of portfolio management comes from the portfolio theory. This theory says that a person can reduce the risk of investment by having a diversified portfolio that has different types of securities of which some of them may cause a great return on the investment.

Keio

Keio may refer to:


Koan

Kōan is a story, dialog, question, or statement in the context of Zen Buddhism.

Kōan may mean:

Code Geass

Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion (コードギアス 反逆のルルーシュ, Kōdo Giasu: Hangyaku no Rurūshu?), often called simply Code Geass, is a 2006 Japanese animeseries. It was created by Sunrise. The series was directed by Gorō Taniguchi and written by Ichirō Ōkouchi. The character designs were made by manga artist group Clamp. The series was broadcast from October 5, 2006 until July 28, 2007.

The main character, Lelouch vi Britannia, used to be a prince of the Holy Empire of Britannia. He is a genius strategist. He meets a female named CC (referred to as C2). She gives him the power of "geass", which works differently for each person. His power is to force a person to do whatever he tells them to do. The power only works once per person and he must look them in the eyes for it to work. He wants to destroy Britannia. His only childhood friend, Suzaku Kururugi, is the main person stopping him from doing this because he thinks that Britannia can be changed from the inside. Lelouch and Suzaku are at Japan. Britannia conquered Japan after Lelouch was disowned for disrespecting his father, the king. Britannia stripped Japan of its prestige and renamed it Area 11. Lelouch's goal is to destroy Britannia. Suzaku does not agree with how Lelouch plans to do this. Suzaku joins the Britannian army to change the country from the inside. They fight each other—Lelouch's brains versus Suzaku's fighting talent.

His real name is Lelouch vi Britannia. He is the eleventh prince of the empire of Britannia. His mother, Marianne vi Britannia was murdered when he was child. Then his younger sister Nunnally became blind and could not walk by herself. She needed a wheelchair. Therefore, he hated Britannia and decided to create the kind world where Nunnally can live safely. He obtained Geass from C.C. and leaded a group of terrorists he united as the Black Knights with his well-known identity as Zero towards his revenge against Britannia and to create a better world for Nunnally. He latter wields the Knightmare Gawain with C.C. and Shinkirō in R2.
He is the son of the former Japanese prime minister and friend of Lelouch in childhood before he joined the Britannian military hoping to change Britannia from the inside. He wields the Knightmare Lancelot. 
She gives Lelouch the power of Geass. She is immortal because she bears the code.
She is half Japanese and half Britannian. She is the pilot of the Knightmare Guren Mk-II. She is an important member of the Black Knights.

"Code Geass" premiered on the Mainichi Broadcasting System (MBS) television station at 25:25 on October 5, 2006. Its satellite television premiere across Japan on Animax was on November 7, 2006. Its sequel, "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2" was first announced on the March 2007. "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2" premiered on all Japan News Network (JNN) member stations on April 6, 2008.

Another OVA anime titled was made known through the anime's official website. Takahiro Kimura did the character designs of the series. Makoto Baba was assigned as the director of the OVA. In the story, Lelouch makes the ultimate use of his Geass for his little sister Nunnally. The Blu-ray was released by Bandai Visual on July 27, 2012 with English subtitles.

A 3-part theatrical movie remake of the first 2 seasons of the anime was released with the first movie released on October 21, 2017. The second movie titled was released on February 10, 2018. The third compilation movie, titled was released on May 26, 2018.

"Code Geass: Lelouch of the Re;surrection" was announced on November 27, 2016. It will be released in Japan in February 9, 2019. Funimation announced that they licensed the movie for its North American release in 2019.

Official "Code Geass" website

Yun Seon-do

Yun Seon-do (; June 22, 1587 June 11, 1671) was a Korean politician, philosopher, and poet during the Joseon Dynasty. He was also called Gosan (고산, 孤山), Haeong (해옹, 海翁), or Yaki (약이, 約而).




Kōan

The kōan (; ) are groupings of related questions and answers which are a paradox. The "kōan" may be a story which cannot be understood or explained easily.

The "kōan" can be a special kind of metaphor with a hidden meaning, such as "the sound of one hand clapping".

"Kōans" originate in the sayings and events in the lives of wise men and legendary figures. 
A "kōan" can refer to a story selected from Buddhist historical records and sutras.

The "kōan" is a fundamental part of the history and practice of Zen Buddhism.




Facepalm

A facepalm (sometimes also face-palm or face palm) is when someone places their hand flat across their face or puts their face into their hand or hands. This gesture is found in many cultures. It can be done as a display of frustration, embarrassment, shock, or surprise.

Cinematic Sunrise

Cinematic Sunrise was an American rock band signed to Equal Vision Records. The members of the band were Craig Owens (vocals), Bradley Bell (piano), Bryan Beeler (guitar), Marcus VanKirk (bass), Nick Martin (guitar), and Dave Shapiro (drums). Their only released work, "A Coloring Storybook and Long Playing Record" included a coloring book and four colored pencils with the purchase of the EP. "Basically, the whole idea - everything about Cinematic Sunrise - is just happy and fun. And there's nothing more fun than coloring," explains vocalist Craig Owens about the decision to include the coloring book with the EP.

Owens and Bell were both in Chiodos at the time Cinematic Sunrise formed. The group differs majorly from Chiodos's post-hardcore sound, as Cinematic Sunrise plays more of pop rock and pop punk. The group's debut EP, titled "A Coloring Storybook and Long Playing Record", was released on May 13, 2008. Beeler recorded, and produced the EP. The EP barely reached the Billboard charts, at #196. The EP also hit #8 on the Top Heatseekers chart. It also got to #26 on the Top Independent Albums chart. The EP was re-released in late October 2008, with two new songs. This was because they ran out of the original copies, selling past 10,000 copies.

"A Coloring Storybook and Long-Playing Record" is the first and only EP by the band Cinematic Sunrise, who is a side project of Chiodos' Bradley Bell and Craig Owens. The pair's pop rock project is all about having a good time and making music that is and fun to play. The record was first released with four color pencils. These would be used in a book that includes drawings of animals with pictures of the band members hidden somewhere in the coloring page. Craig Owens said in an interview that he wanted crayons, not colored pencils. He was supposedly not happy with Equal Vision's mistake.

On October 14, 2008, Equal Vision Records re-released "A Coloring Storybook and Long-Playing Record". The re-release includes two bonus tracks. They were titled "If Lilly Isn't Back by Sunset" and "Crossing Our Fingers for Summer".

Source: Amazon


Adaptive unconscious

The adaptive unconscious is a set of unconscious mental processes influencing judgment and decision making. It is different from conscious processing: it is faster, effortless, more focused on the present, but less flexible. It can be described as a quick sizing up of the world which interprets information and decides how to act very quickly and outside the conscious view. 

In some theories of the mind, the unconscious is limited to "low-level" activity, such as carrying out goals which have been decided consciously. In contrast, the adaptive unconscious is thought to be involved in "high-level" cognition such as goal-setting as well.

The term 'adaptive unconscious' suggests it has survival value and hence is an adaptation which was strongly selected in the past. Indeed, for much of vertebrate evolution, all mental activity was unconscious. No-one supposes that fish have consciousness. Thus our consciousness is added to an already-existing set of mechanisms which operate but whose operation is normally not felt by us.

Implicit (or 'tacit') learning is when a person learns without knowing it happens. 

An important point made by Reber is that "implicit learning is a fundamental 'root' process, one that lies at the very heart of the adaptive behavioral repertoire of every complex organism". What that means is that implicit learning is very much more ancient than the conscious type of learning that we, as humans, normally notice.

This is an expanding field of research. 
The classic examples are the acquisition of language and the process of socialization. Children learn to speak their native language and become socialized to their society without being conscious of the principles which guide their behaviour.

There has been much debate on the bare existence of implicit learning because of the fact that knowledge gained is not verbalizable. Little research has been conducted on the requirements for the process of implicit learning to take place.

The evidence for there being such a thing as the adaptive unconscious is a series of case studies which are hard to explain any other way.

After many scientific tests were done on an early Greek statue, the Getty Museum was about to buy it. However, a small group of experts looked at it and said immediately "It's a fake". Eventually, it was found to be a fake. The question was, how could anyone beat the battery of scientific tests just by looking at it? The sceptics were asked how they did it. One said "It doesn't look old, as if it had been centuries under the ground. Another said "Its fingernails don't look right". Apparently they had all seen something which triggered a doubt. Psychologists thought this might be an ancient mental mechanism which has survival value.

A firefighter in Cleveland answered a routine call with his men. It was in a kitchen in the back of a one-story house. The firefighters broke down the door, laid down their hose, and began dousing the fire with water. This had little effect. As the fire lieutenant recalls, he suddenly thought to himself, "There's something wrong here", and he immediately ordered his men out. Moments after they fled, the floor they had been standing on collapsed. The fire had been in the basement, not the kitchen as it appeared. When asked how he knew to get out, the fireman thought it was ESP. What is interesting is that the fireman could not immediately explain how he knew to get out. From the 'locked door' in our brains, the fireman just 'blinked' and made the right decision. In fact, had he thought consciously about the situation, he would probably have lost his life and the lives of his men.

In a similar way, there are people who can repeatedly do something which seems amazing. It really is possible to spot who is lying, for instance, and it is a skill which can be trained and improved. It is possible to predict which couple will divorce and which will not. The time taken for each decision is short, and (to an observer) the amount of information available to the person making the decision seems very little.

'Thin slice' decisions based on limited information are one end of a scale. At the other end is the confusion caused by too much unorganised information: 'analysis paralysis'. There are many examples of the latter state being bad for decision taking.

A number of experiments have been done which strongly support the idea of an adaptive unconscious. The basic idea is to bias the unconscious, and see if it affects behaviour.

Subjects sort out four-word sentences from sets of five word. They concentrate on getting the sentences right. Unknown to them the unused word gives their minds a subtle bias. From one set, with extra words Florida, old, lonely, forgetful, wrinkle (and some neutral words) the experimental group "walked more slowly away from the experimental room". The priming words had biased them to "think elderly". The idea is that of John Bargh.

Priming significantly affects test results. A group being tested about the Trivial Pursuit game were split in two. One group was first asked to think about what it would mean to be a professor. They got 55.6% of the questions right. The other half were first asked to sit and think about soccer hooligans. They scored 42.6%. Other tests indicated that the two groups had similar mental ability. The difference between the results is highly significant.

Another test was even more startling. Black college students were given 20 questions from the Graduate Record Examination, a standard test used for entry to graduate schools in the U.S.A. Students were given a pretest questionnaire. One group were asked to identify their race; the other was not. The first group scores were "half" that of the second group. The experimenters later asked whether the question about their race affected them. They all said 'no' and added something like "You know, I just don't think I'm smart enough to be here". Of course, this is of the greatest significance socially. Notice that, once again, the individuals did not notice consciously what had happened unconsciously.

The ventromedial area of the cerebral cortex is a small bit at front behind the nose. Neurologist Antonio Damasio studied patients who had damage to this area of the brain. 
People with damage to this area are still rational and as intelligent as before. But they lack judgement, and find it very difficult to make decisions. In fast-moving situations, the ability to make fairly good decisions rapidly is more important than making perfect decisions after lengthy thought. It can be a matter of survival.

Unconscious processes have a number of typical features which are quite different from the conscious processes.

Obviously, by definition, unconscious processes are less available than conscious processes. Yet there is traffic between the two. For example, there is a well-known tendency for all training to move from halting, difficult conscious steps to smooth, semi-automatic performance. That, as Anderson recognised, is a shift from conscious to unconscious control as mastery is achieved. Anderson's key distinction is between 'declarative knowledge' (knowledge we are aware of and can talk about) and 'procedural knowledge', which guides action and decision-making, but which happens outside of conscious 'view'.

Learning also takes place in ways which are entirely unconscious to us at the time. A classic example is the way children learn their native language between the ages of about 18 months and four years. They do not study language the way an older person does. It happens automatically. Another example: people under anaesthetic can hear and be influenced by what they hear.

Access to memory also happens unconsciously: even when we try to remember, the actual process is unconscious. It can happen entirely unconsciously. An early experiment by Korsakoff on patients with loss of conscious memory showed this. He gave one patient mild electric shocks. Later, when Korsakoff returned, the patient had forgotten all about it. Yet when he saw the apparatus, the patient showed anxiety, and accused him of wanting to give him an electric shock. The experiment has been repeated since in various ways.

It is easy to show that our snap judgements can also be quite wrong, especially when we are overwhelmed with information, or when we come to the decisions with unconscious bias and prejudice.

In experiments, subjects give verbal explanations of their own mental processes—for example why they chose one thing rather than another—as if they could directly introspect (look inside) the causes of their ideas and choices. This 'introspection illusion' may cause differences between the self and other people, because people trust these unreliable introspections when forming attitudes about themselves but not about others.



Kōji (Heian period)




Eiji

Eiji can be written using different kanji characters which can mean:






Civic Star

The Civic Star () is a French award.

It was established by the Académie française in 1930.

The star distinguishes those who contribute to the enrichment of the community, improvement of social life,and the progress of Humanity. It is particularly for those whose lives are of hard work, sacrifice and would remain unknown without this award. It is divided into four degrees: Bronze, Silver, Gold and Silver-gilt.

The star's motto is "" ('To honor the civic virtues - Serving national prestige').

Augustana College (Illinois)

Augustana College is a private liberal arts college in Rock Island, Illinois, United States. The college has about 2,500 students. Its campus is on of hilly, wooded land, adjacent to the Mississippi River. Ninety-one percent of the full-time faculty hold Ph.D.s or the terminal degrees in their field.

Graduates of the universities of Uppsala and Lund in Sweden started the college in 1860 in Chicago. In 1863, Augustana moved to Paxton, Illinois. In 1875, it moved to Rock Island, Illinois to be near a large Swedish Lutheran community. After 1890 an increasingly large Swedish American community in America promoted new cultural institutions, including a lively Swedish-language press, many new churches, several colleges, and a network of ethnic organizations. The result was to build a sense of Swedishness in the United States. This made a self-confident Americanized generation. Augustana College put itself in the lead of the movement to affirm Swedish American identity. In the early years, all the students had been born in Sweden but by 1890 the second generation of American-born students predominated. They typically had white-collar or professional backgrounds; few were the sons and daughters of farmers and laborers. These middle class youth developed an idealized view of Sweden, characterized by romanticism, patriotism, and idealism. The new generation was especially proud of the Swedish contributions to American democracy and the creation of a republic that promised liberty and ended slavery.

Augustana ranks among the top forty U.S. liberal arts colleges in the sciences, based on the number of graduates earning Ph.D.s. Students accepted to Augustana typically rank in the top 10% of their high school classes. The middle 50 percent of enrolled students for the class of 2012 scored 24-29 on the ACT, well above the national averages. Augustana College is considered highly selective.

Augustana has about sixty academic programs including nine pre-professional and eight interdisciplinary programs:

Accounting, Africana Studies, Anthropology, Art, Art History, Astronomy, Biochemistry, Biology, Business Administration, Chinese, Chemistry, Classics, Communication Sciences & Disorders (including Speech Pathology and Audiology), Communication Studies, Computer Science, Creative Writing, Economics, Education, Engineering, Engineering Physics, English, French, Geography, Geology, German, Graphic Design, History, International Business, Japanese, Landscape Architecture, Mathematics, Multimedia Journalism, Music, Neuroscience, Philosophy, Physics, Political Science, Psychology, Religion, Scandinavian, Sociology, Spanish, Theatre, World Literature

Dentistry, Law, Medicine, Nursing, Occupational Therapy, Optometry, Pharmacy, Physical Therapy, Veterinary Medicine

Africana Studies, Asian Studies, Environmental Management and Forestry, Environmental Studies, Latin American Studies, Medieval and Renaissance Studies, Neuroscience, Women's and Gender Studies

Old Main was constructed between 1884 and 1893. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Hanson Hall of Science was dedicated in 1998 is the largest academic building serving about 700 students in 17 majors, minors and concentrations. The Hanson Hall of Science's facilities and resources include seven classrooms, thirty-five laboratories (including a cadaver lab), a 400 MHz liquid-and solid-state NMR (nuclear magnetic resonance) spectrometer, scanning electron microscope, instrumentation for X-ray powder crystallography and a 40-foot greenhouse.

Augustana has five traditional residence halls: Andreen Hall, Erickson Residence Center, Seminary Hall, Swanson Commons, and Westerlin Residence Center. All five of these residence halls are coeducational. The majority of first year and sophomore year students live in one of these five residence halls. For upperclassmen, Augustana also offers Transitional Living Areas (TLAs) in which Augustana students live in either apartment-like buildings or traditional off-campus houses administered by the college's Office of Residential Life. The school takes care of basic maintenance in these areas, some of which are House on the Hill, Naeseth, and Arbaugh Apartments. These areas usually have 2-6 students who share a bathroom, a kitchen, and other living spaces.

Augustana provides several services to attending students. Services include: campus ministries, career center, student counseling, academic advising, student employment, business office, food services, safety office, campus security, computer services, and campus recreation.

The Augustana Vikings compete in the NCAA Division III College Conference of Illinois and Wisconsin (CCIW). The Vikings compete in a combined total of 22 male and female team sports, and five out of seven students compete in some form of varsity, club, or intramural sport. The Augustana College football team won four NCAA Division III national championships in a row from 1983 - 1986 under Coach Bob Reade. Coach Reade's overall winning percentage of 87% is second only to Larry Kehres and Knute Rockne on the all-time list. Augustana College was a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference from 1912 to 1937.

Current varsity sports include: baseball, basketball (m/w), cross country (m/w), football, golf (m/w), lacrosse (m/w), soccer (m/w), softball, swimming (m/w), tennis (m/w), track and field (m/w), volleyball, wrestling.


Augustana

Augustana may refer to:

In religion:

In education:

In music:

Concord, California

Concord is the largest city in Contra Costa County, California, US. In the 2020 census, 125,410 people lived there. Concord was founded in 1869. It was named Todos Santos at first, but the name was soon changed to Concord. The city is east of San Francisco.

Concord is at . It is northeast of San Francisco, northeast of Oakland, southwest of Sacramento, and north of San Jose.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The center of downtown Concord is Todos Santos Plaza. The plaza takes up an entire city block. It is known for its farmers market, free summer concerts, and many restaurants. There are new apartments and condominiums near the plaza.

Concord was first named Todos Santos. In the 19th century, most people in Pacheco moved to Concord to get away from fires and floods. Concord became a city on February 5, 1905.

The area around Concord in the Ygnacio and Clayton Valleys was a big farming area. To the east, where the Concord Naval Weapons Station was later built, there were big wheat ranches over . They covered the land all the way to the marshes by Suisun Bay. During Prohibition, many vineyards were removed and replaced with walnut trees.

The first Concord post office opened in 1872.

On July 17, 1944, the weapons on a United States Navy ship exploded. This caused the highest number of deaths at a time among African Americans during World War II. The explosion killed 320 people. The explosion was felt 30 miles away. Later, 258 African American sailors refused to load any more weapons. That was the start of the Navy's biggest-ever mutiny trial. In that trial, 50 men were found guilty. Future Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall was at the trial. He said that he saw a prejudiced court.

On December 23, 1985, a small airplane crashed into the roof of Sunvalley Mall. The pilot and two people on the plane were killed. 84 people in the mall were hurt, mostly from burning fuel. Four of the people in the mall later died from their injuries. The accident made more people be against the local airport. Pacific Southwest Airlines delayed starting passenger service there that had been planned for the new year.

North of the city of Concord is the Concord Naval Weapons Station. It was opened in 1942. During World War II, weapons were kept there. The weapons were for warships at Port Chicago. The Concord NWS helped war efforts during the Vietnam War and through the end of the Gulf War, taking care of equipment and supplies.

The station has two main areas. One is the Inland Area, , which is inside the Concord city limits. The other is the Tidal Area, . Because of changes in military operations, parts of the Inland Area stopped being used. By 1999, the station had only a few military people working there. In 2007 the United States government decided to close the inland part of the station. The Tidal area of the base stayed open. The city of Concord is working on a plan for how to use the land. Their plans will have to be approved by the Navy.

Until 1995 the city was the eastern end of the Concord line of Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) commuter train system. Since then, more track was built. BART now goes farther than Concord. Bus service runs in the city and other points in the county.

Interstate 680 goes through Concord. So do state highways 4 and 242.

Buchanan Field Airport is a public county-owned airport in the City of Concord. It currently does not have any scheduled passenger service. It was once served by WestAir, Pacific Southwest Airlines, and later U.S. Airways for a short time. In 1977, Buchanan Field reached its peak of activity with 357,000 total operations making it the 16th busiest airport in the nation that year.

Concord has several public high schools:

There are also two private Catholic high schools:

California State University, East Bay has a campus in Concord.

The Concord Jazz Festival is held every year..

Concord is also home to the 14-time World Champion Blue Devils Drum and Bugle Corps. The corps is made up of talented musicians from around the world. The Concord Blue Devils are the most decorated drum and bugle corps in the history of Drum Corps International.


In 1974 Concord became a sister city with Kitakami, Iwate, in Japan. The city built a small park in the city, and put half of a sculpture, "The Communion Bridge", in it. The other half of the bridge is in Kitakami.


Concord

Concord may refer to:












Mathematical model

A mathematical model is a description of a system using mathematical concepts and language. The process of building a mathematical model is termed mathematical modeling. Mathematical models are used in the natural sciences (such as physics, biology, earth science, meteorology) and engineering disciplines (e.g. computer science, artificial intelligence). They are also used in the social sciences (such as economics, psychology, sociology and political science). Physicists, engineers, statisticians, operations research analysts and economists use mathematical models a lot.

Mathematical models can take many forms. The types of models include: 
These and other types of models can overlap, with a given model involving a variety of abstract structures. Mathematical models can include logical models. In many cases, the quality of a scientific field depends on how well the mathematical models built on theory agree with results of repeatable experiments. When theoretical mathematical models do not match experimental measurements, scientists try to correct the model. Such corrections lead the way to better theories to explain the facts.





Natalie Cassidy

Natalie Ann Cassidy (born 13 May 1983) is an English actress and television personality from London. She is best known for her role as Sonia Jackson in "EastEnders".

Cassidy was a contestant in the 2009 series of the reality programme "Strictly Come Dancing". She was a housemate in Celebrity "Big Brother" 2012 (UK).

Galactose

Galactose (from the Greek stem γάλακτ– "galakt–", "milk") is a sugar. It has almost the same chemical structure as glucose. 

Large amounts of pure galactose do not exist in nature. Instead, galactose is usually found with glucose in lactose, a sugar found in milk and other milk products. After lactose is digested and absorbed, galactose arrives in the liver. There it is changed into either glucose or glycogen.

We Came to Kill

We Came to Kill is the second album of German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Thanks for Nothing

Thanks for Nothing is the first studio album by the German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Killing Time Again

Killing Time Again is the third studio album of German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Execution Tracks

Execution Tracks is the fourth studio album by the German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Maschine Zeit

Maschine Zeit is the fifth studio album by the German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Survivor (album)

Survivor is the seventh studio album by the German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Apuleius

Apuleius was a philosopher and rhetorician tried for using magic to win an older and richer bride. He's better known for his novel about the cult of Isis, the tale of Cupid and Psyche, and the adventures of its hero, Lucius.

Apuleius was born in about 125, in Madauros, Numidia. It is not known what his first name was, although writers in the Middle Ages often called him "Lucius Apuleius" because the hero of his novel was called Lucius. Apuleius was educated in Carthage and Athens, and then traveled around the Mediterranean learning about religious cults. In 158 he delivered a speech recorded as "Apologia Apuleii" 'The Apology of Apuleius' in the town of Sabratha, Tripolitania (modern Libya), as a defense against the charge of using magic to win a richer and older bride called Pudentilla. Apuleius, in his Apology, provides a glimpse into second century Roman law, the economic and social conditions of Roman North Africa, and the attitude towards magic.

Apuleius died in about 175 A.D., having written his novel, known as either "The Golden Ass" or "The Metamorphoses" (also Transformations of Lucius), and the Apology, as well as books on Plato, Socrates, and Aristotle.


2011 England riots

Rioting took place in several English cities, and towns, between 6 and 10 August 2011. Looting and arson also took place at this time. The riots started when a demonstration took place, on 6 August, about the police's shooting of Mark Duggan in Tottenham, North London. It turned into a riot. Over the next few days, the riots spread to other places in London and then to other areas of England. The riots caused five deaths. 186 police officers were hurt. The University of Nottingham found that British people became more racist after the riots. 

On 4 August, a police officer shot and killed 29-year-old Mark Duggan during a traffic stop on the Ferry Lane bridge next to Tottenham Hale station. Friends and relatives of Duggan said that he was unarmed, but he was carrying a gun which a man was convicted of supplying to him.

On 12 August, historian David Starkey blamed black gangster culture. He said that "whites have become black". Max Hastings of the "Daily Mail" blamed a culture of welfare dependence.

Chutney

Chutneys are a condiment used in South Asian cuisine. They can be made as a tomato relish, a ground peanut relish, yoghurt, curd, or mint dipping sauce. They contain spice and vegetable or fruit mix.

Hitachi Province

The province had borders with Iwashiro, Iwaki, Shimōsa, and Shimotsuke Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Ishioka.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Hitachi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Kashima jinjū" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Hitachi. 


Izu Province

Izu had borders with Sagami and Suruga Provinces. 

During the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road passed through northern Izu. Travelers from Edo to Kyoto stopped at the post town ("shuku-eki") at Mishima. 

In the 1850s, Shimoda was opened to American trade. The first American Consulate in Japan was opened at the temple of Gyokusen-ji in Shimoda. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izu Province were reformed in the 1870s. 

The Izu Peninsula is today the eastern portion of Shizuoka Prefecture. The Izu Islands are considered part of Tokyo.

"Mishima taisha" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Izu. 


Yamato Province

The ancient capital city of the province was Wakigami in Katsujō District. When the capital of Japan was moved to Heijō-kyō, the capital of the province was established in Takaichi District. The exact locations are not known.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Yamato Province were reformed in the 1870s.

The battleship "Yamato" was named after this ancient province. The "Yamato" was the flagship of the Imperial Japanese Navy fleet during World War II, 

"Ōmiwa jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Yamato.



Billy Connolly

Sir William "Billy" Connolly CBE (born 24 November 1942) is a Scottish actor, comedian and musician. Sometimes, he is known as "The Big Yin" ("The Big One" in Scottish).

Connolly was born at home in Anderston, Glasgow. He grew up in a tenement in the same inner-city area. Connolly has five children. He is married to Pamela Stephenson, the mother of his three youngest children. 

In 2013, he was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease and had surgery for prostate cancer. In January 2019, Connolly said he was "nearing the end of his life" as his Parkinson's advanced.

Connolly has acted in many movies including: "Indecent Proposal" (1993), "Mrs. Brown" (1997), "The Boondock Saints" (1999), "The Debt Collector" (1999), "The Man Who Sued God" (2001), "The Last Samurai" (2003) and "Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events" (2004). He provided his voice for the movies "Open Season" (2006) and "Brave" (2012). 

Connolly has been repeatedly voted Britain's best comedian by television viewers. He is also a folk musician and television presenter. 

Connolly was nominated for a BAFTA award for his role in the movie Mrs. Brown. He was given a CBE in 2003.


Kai Province

, also known as , is an old province in Japan in the area of Yamanashi Prefecture on the island of Honshū.

During the Sengoku period, the warlord Takeda Shingen ruled Kai from his stronghold at Kōfu. After the Takeda, the area was controlled by the Tokugawa clan.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Kai Province were reformed in the 1870s.

The area was briefly renamed Kōfu Prefecture; and it was renamed Yamanashi Prefecture in 1871.

Kai is west of Tokyo. The province is landlocked. It is in a mountainous region that includes Mount Fuji along its border with Shizuoka Prefecture.

"Asama jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Kai.


Dewa Province

In 708, Dewa"-no kuni" was separated from Echigo. 

In 712, Dewa and Mutsu Province were reorganized 

Shiba Kaneyori received the Dewa Province as a fief from Ashikaga Takauji in 1335.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Dewa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Ōmonoimi jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Dewa. 


Jack Abramoff

Jack Abramoff (; born February 28, 1958) is an American former lobbyist and businessman. In 2006, courts found him guilty of mail fraud and conspiracy. He was the center of very large corruption investigation. The investigation led to the conviction of White House officials J. Steven Griles and David Safavian, U.S. Representative Bob Ney, and nine other lobbyists and Congressional aides. He served three years, six months of a six-year sentence in federal prison before being released early to a Baltimore halfway house on June 8, 2010.

Abramoff was College Republican National Committee National Chairman from 1981 to 1985. He was a founding member of the International Freedom Foundation. He later became a lobbyist for the firm of Preston Gates & Ellis and later the firm of Greenberg Traurig. He served as a director of the National Center for Public Policy Research, a conservative think tank, and Toward Tradition. His wife Pam and their five children live in Maryland.

Abramoff's lobbying and the scandals and investigation are the subject of two 2010 movies. These first movie was the documentary "Casino Jack and the United States of Money". It was released in May 2010. The second movie was "Casino Jack". It was released on December 17, 2010 and starred Kevin Spacey as Abramoff.

In late 2004, the Senate Indian Affairs Committee began to investigate Abramoff's lobbying for American Indian tribes and casinos. In September he was called before the committee to answer questions about that work. He did not answer their questions and pleaded the fifth. In August 2005, Abramoff and Kidan were indicted by a federal jury in Miami for wire fraud in their dealings with SunCruz Casinos.

On January 3, 2006, Abramoff said he was guilty of three criminal felonies related to the defrauding of American Indian tribes and corruption of public officials in a Washington, D.C., federal court. The four tribes Abramoff and his associates had been involved with included Michigan's Saginaw Chippewas, California's Agua Caliente, the Mississippi Choctaws, and the Louisiana Coushattas. It was said that Abramoff defrauded the tribes of tens of millions of dollars.
The next day, he said he was guilty of two criminal felonies in a separate federal court, in Miami. These felonies involved the SunCruz deal.

On September 4, 2008, a Washington court found Abramoff guilty of trading expensive gifts, meals and sports trips for political favors. He was given a four-year term in prison. This time was to be served concurrent ("at the same time") with his earlier sentences.

Abramoff served three and a half years of a six-year sentence for conspiracy, honest services fraud, and tax evasion. He could have spent up to 11 years in prison for the mail fraud, conspiracy, and tax evasion charges because of the influence-peddling scandal in Washington. U.S. District Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle sentenced Abramoff to four years in federal prison on September 4, 2008. Abramoff helped in a bribery investigation involving lawmakers, their aides, and members of the George W. Bush administration.

Jack Abramoff was born in Atlantic City, New Jersey into a wealthy and well known Jewish family. His father, Franklin Abramoff, was president of the Franchises unit of Diners Club.

In 1968, when Abramoff was 10, his family moved to Beverly Hills, California. Abramoff studied at Beverly Hills High School. In high school he played football and was a member of the wrestling team.

As an undergraduate at Brandeis University, Abramoff was Chairman of the Massachusetts Alliance of College Republicans. That group organized student volunteers for Ronald Reagan's 1980 presidential campaign. He graduated with a B.A. in English in 1981. He took six years to finish his degree. Abramoff got his Juris Doctor from the Georgetown University Law Center in 1986.

After graduating from Brandeis, Abramoff ran for election as chairman of the College Republican National Committee (CRNC). His campaign cost over $10,000 and was managed by Grover Norquist. Abramoff won the election after his main competitor was persuaded to drop out. Norquist was executive director of the committee under Abramoff. He later recruited Ralph Reed, a former president of the University of Georgia College Republicans chapter, as an unpaid intern. Reed was invited to sleep on Abramoff’s couch. At the CRNC, Abramoff created political alliances with College Republican chapter presidents across the nation. Many of these people later had key roles in state and national politics and business. Some of them would later work with Abramoff as a lobbyist. Some of those relationships were a main part of the federal investigation.

In 1984, Abramoff and other College Republicans formed the "USA Foundation". It was a non-partisan tax-exempt organization that held two days of rallies on college campuses around the United States. These rallies celebrated the first anniversary of the invasion of Grenada. In a letter to campus Republican leaders, Abramoff said:
In 1985, Abramoff joined Citizens for America. It was a pro-Reagan group that helped Oliver North build support for the Nicaraguan Contras. Citizens for America had a meeting of anti-Communist rebel leaders known as the Democratic International in Jamba, Angola. This conference included leaders of the Mujahedeen from Afghanistan, UNITA from Angola, the Contras, and opposition groups from Laos. Out of this conference came the International Freedom Foundation. Abramoff helped to organize, and also went to the conference. Abramoff's membership ended badly when Citizens for America's sponsor Lewis Lehrman, a former New York gubernatorial candidate, said that Abramoff had spent his money carelessly.

In 1986, Reagan made Abramoff a member of the United States Holocaust Memorial Council.

Abramoff became a full-time lobbyist and used his CRNC friends to gain access to members of the Bush Administration. He represented indian tribes and on-line gambling interests. To get the gaming interest to hire him to fight against new laws to control gambling, Abramoff had his friends start efforts against gambling. Abramoff bought a restaurant in Washington, D.C. He used it to impress clients and government officials. Abramoff got press coverage and was known for wearing a fedora hat. Abramoff started a charity called the "Capital Athletic Foundation". In 2002, Abramoff started an Orthodox Jewish school in Maryland called "Eshkol Academy".

The lawmakers, lobbyists, Bush administration officials, congressional staffers, and businessmen in the Jack Abramoff public corruption probe were:

Abramoff and his partner Michael Scanlon (a former Tom DeLay aide) conspired to bilk Indian casinos of about $85 million. The lobbyists also created lobbying against their own clients to force them to pay for lobbying services. These actions were the subject both of criminal prosecution and hearings by the Senate Indian Affairs Committee. On November 21, 2005, Scanlon pleaded guilty to conspiring to bribe a member of Congress and other public officials.

On January 3, 2006, Abramoff pleaded guilty to three felony counts (conspiracy, fraud, and tax evasion) involving his lobbying activities in Washington on behalf of Native American tribes. Abramoff and other defendants had to pay back at least $25 million that they took from clients. Abramoff also owes the Internal Revenue Service $1.7 million because of the tax evasion. In the agreement, Abramoff said he bribed public officials, including Ney. Also included: the hiring of congressional staffers and conspiring with them to lobby their former employers. This included members of Congress.

Later in 2006 Abramoff lobbyists Neil Volz and Tony Rudy pleaded guilty to conspiracy charges. In September 2006, Ney pleaded guilty to conspiracy and making false statements.

On August 11, 2005, Abramoff and Kidan were indicted by a federal grand jury in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, on fraud charges from a 2000 deal to buy SunCruz Casinos from Konstantinos "Gus" Boulis. Abramoff and Kidan were said to have used a fake wire transfer to make people believe that they had made a $23 million down payment needed to qualify for a $60 million loan. Kidan received the same sentence as Abramoff—5 years, 10 months—which he began serving at Fort Dix Federal Penetentiary, in Fort Dix, New Jersey, on October 23, 2006. Ney also was implicated in helping to make the deal.

After the partners bought SunCruz in September 2000, the business relationship with Boulis got bad. It ending in a fight between Kidan and Boulis in December 2000. In February 2001 Boulis was murdered in his car. The murder is currently not solved. SunCruz is now owned by Oceans Casinos Cruises.

On March 29, 2006, Abramoff and Kidan were both sentenced in the SunCruz case to the minimum amount of 70 months. They also had to pay US$21.7 million in restitution. The judge, U.S. District Judge Paul C. Huck, got over 260 pleas for leniency from people. These included "rabbis, military officers and even a professional hockey referee." The defendants are still helping with federal investigators and will be sentenced later in the Indian lobbying case.

In 2002, Guam Superior Court hired Abramoff to lobby against a bill wanting to put the Superior Court under the authority of the Guam Supreme Court. On November 18, 2002, a grand jury issued a subpoena demanding that the administrator of the Guam Superior Court release all records dealing with to the contract. On November 19, 2002, U.S. Attorney Frederick A. Black, the chief prosecutor for Guam and the person who caused the indictment, was removed from the office he had held since 1991. The federal grand jury investigation was quickly ended and took no more action. In 2005 Public Auditor Doris Flores Brooks started a new investigation of the Abramoff contract.

In 2006 California attorney and Marshall Islands lobbyist Howard Hills, and Tony Sanchez, a former administrator of the Guam Superior Court, were indicted for unlawful influence, conspiracy for unlawful influence, theft of property held in trust, and official misconduct. It is believed that they allowed 36 payments of $9,000 in connection with a contract between Hills and the Guam Superior Court. These payments were written out to Hills, but went to Abramoff. Hills trusted Sanchez as a court official. Hills believed that this was temporary and agreed to help with the transition for what he thought was a standard government contract between Abramoff and the court. For this Hills got nothing. Before indictments or investigations were started, Hills ended his temporary contract with Abramoff and reported what he thought was unusual behavior to public officials when he thought that something may be wrong. In 2007, indictments were issued against Hills and Sanchez. In 2008 more indictments were handed down against Abramoff and Abramoff's firm at the time, Greenberg Traurig. The charges against both attorney Howard Hills and Greenberg Traurig have since been dismissed.

On November 15, 2006, Abramoff began serving his term in the minimum security prison of Federal Correctional Institution, Cumberland, Maryland, as inmate number 27593-112. The Justice Department asked that he serve his sentence there so that he would be closer to agents in Washington to help with the investigations of his associates.

On June 8, 2010, Abramoff was transferred to a halfway house in Baltimore, Maryland. While there, he worked for kosher pizza firm Tov Pizza. He earned between $7.50 and $10.00 per hour.

He was released from the halfway house on December 3, 2010. On December 13, 2010, it was said that Abramoff ended working at Tov Pizza.

On 8 December 2011 Abramoff was on The Colbert Report. He promoted his book "Capitol Punishment: The Hard Truth About Corruption From America's Most Notorious Lobbyist".

Revivor

Revivor is the eighth studio album by the German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Navigator (album)

Navigator is the ninth studio album by the German aggrotech band Funker Vogt.

Shinano Province

The ancient capital city of the province was near Matsumoto. 

The boundaries of Mutsu were formally established during the reigns of Empress Genshō and Empress Kōken.

In 713, the road between Mino Province and Shinano Province was widened. There were increasing numbers of travelers on this road.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Shinano Province weres reformed in the 1870s.

The World War II–era Japanese aircraft carrier "Shinano" was named after this old province.

"Suwa taisha" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Shinano. 


Rafinha Bastos

Rafael Bastos Hocsman, better known by his stage name Rafinha Bastos (born December 5, 1976 in Porto Alegre, Brazil) is a Brazilian comedian, journalist and television personality.


Matt Lucas

Matthew 'matt' Richard Lucas (born 5 March 1974) is a British actor, comedian, and writer. He is best known for "Little Britain", a comedy sketch programme he and David Walliams wrote and performed.

Lucas was born and raised in London. He is from a Jewish family and is openly gay. He has alopecia.

On 16 June 2022, he appeared on the BBC television programme "Who Do You Think You Are?" and discovered that many of his grandmother's cousins had been killed in the Holocaust. In Amsterdam in 1942, his grandmother's cousin Werner Goldschmidt rented a room from Anne Frank's father, Otto Frank. He was living with them just before the family went into hiding.

Wendy Richard

Wendy Richard born Wendy Emerton, (20 July 1943 – 26 February 2009) was a British actress. She is best known for her roles as Miss Brahms in "Are You Being Served?" and as Pauline Fowler in "EastEnders".

She was born in Middlesbrough, North Riding of Yorkshire. She lived in London for most of her life. She died of metastatic breast cancer there.

Alasdair MacIntyre

Alasdair Chalmers MacIntyre (born 1929) is a Scottish philosopher. He is best known for work on moral and political philosophy. He is also known for his work in history of philosophy and theology. He is Senior Research Fellow at the Centre for Contemporary Aristotelian Studies in Ethics and Politics (CASEP) at London Metropolitan University, and an Emeritus Professor of Philosophy at the University of Notre Dame.


Palace of Culture and Science

The Palace of Culture and Science is the second-tallest building in Poland. It is in Warsaw. It is 237 metres high.

An agreement about the building was signed between the governments of the Polish People's Republic and the Soviet Union on 5 April 1952. The tower was an imposed and unwanted "gift" to the people of Poland. It was erected with great propagandist fanfare and named after Joseph Stalin upon its completion in 1955. Stalin's name was later removed from the colonnade, interior lobby and one of the building's sculptures.

To decide on the height of the building, Soviet and Polish architects gathered in the area of the Śląsko-Dąbrowski Bridge on the east bank of the Vistula river. Over the site of the future skyscraper flew a small plane pulling a balloon behind it. The group standing near the bridge had radio contact with the pilot of the plane. First, the balloon flew at an altitude of , then higher at and . The Soviets, led by Lev Rudnev, decided that was enough for the highest point of the city. The Poles, led by the plenipotentiary for the construction of the building and chief architect of Warsaw, Józef Sigalin, began to shout "Higher!" after every of balloon height increase. Finally, the tower was set at a height of , with a main structure, a turret and a spire.

In 2024 it is used as an exhibition centre and office complex. There is a multiplex cinema with eight screens, four theatres , the Museum of Evolution and the Museum of Technology, offices, bookshops, a large swimming pool, an auditorium hall for 3,000 people called Congress Hall, and a university, Collegium Civitas, on the 11th and 12th floors of the building. The terrace on the 30th floor, at , is a well-known tourist attraction with a panoramic view of the city. The Warsaw City Council and city offices are located in the building. 


Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows

Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows (also known as D.R.U.G.S.) is an American post-hardcore band. They formed in 2010. D.R.U.G.S released their debut self-titled album on February 22, 2011. It was met with generally positive reviews. AbsolutePunk gave the album a 78%.

On November 11, 2010, Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows released their first song, "If You Think This Song Is About You, It Probably Is." On December 6, 2010, they released their second song, "Mr. Owl Ate My Metal Worm." This was followed by "Sex Life", released on January 18, 2011, which is the first single from the album. The album sold 14,000+ copies and peaked at #29 on the Billboard 200. Since then, it has hit #1 on Billboards Hard Rock charts.

List of islands of Japan

The List of islands of Japan may be grouped by type or location. Japan is a country of islands.

Japan has four main islands running from north to south. The general shape of the island grouping looks like the body of a dragon with its head erect.

Japan has 6,000+ smaller islands and people live on 430+ of these islands.







Most of these are in the East China Sea.

The northern half is administratively part of Kagoshima Prefecture and Kyūshū.
The North-Eastern Group:
The North-Western Group:

The Shichi-tō:


The Southern Half, Okinawa Prefecture
The Central Group or Ryukyu proper:

Also known as the Further Isles:




These are the four disputed Kuril Islands, also known as the Chishima Islands.



Denise Welch

Jacqueline Denise Welch (born 22 May 1958) is an English actress, television personality, writer and broadcaster. She is most famous for portraying the roles of Natalie Barnes in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (1997–2000), and Steph Haydock in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2006–2010). Welch is also known for her appearances as a regular panellist on the ITV chat show "Loose Women" (2000–2002, 2005–2013, 2018–present). From 2021 to 2022, she appeared as Trish Minniver in the Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks".

Welch's other acting roles include the television dramas "Spender" (1991–1993), "Soldier Soldier" (1993–1995), and "Down to Earth" (2004–2005). In 2011, she was a contestant on the sixth series of "Dancing on Ice", where she was partnered with professional skater Matt Evers and in 2012, she won the ninth series of "Celebrity Big Brother". 

Welch was born in Tynemouth, Northumberland and currently lives in Cheshire.

Welch confessed that her marriage was nearly ruined because of her mental illness, as well as an affair she had during her depression. In April 2010, her 320-page autobiography "Pulling Myself Together" was published, in which she describes how she overcame her problems with alcohol, drugs and depression. It became a best-seller in the UK.

Joel McHale

Joel Edward McHale (born November 20, 1971) is an Italian-American stand-up comedian, actor, producer, writer, voice artist, and comedian. He is best known as the host of "Talk Soup" and as Jeff Winger in "Community". He has acted in movies including "" as Wilbur Wilson, "Open Season 2" as the voice of Elliot (taking Ashton Kutcher's place), and "Ted" as Rex.

McHale, the middle of the three brothers, was born Joel Edward McHale in Rome, Italy on November 20, 1971. His mother, Laurie, is from Vancouver, British Columbia, and his father, Jack, is from Chicago. McHale and his brothers were born in Rome, where their father worked for an American university. He grew up in the Seattle area, graduating from Mercer Island High School in 1991. Also he participated at Youth Theatre Northwest.

He received a bachelor's degree in History from the University of Washington in 1995. While at the University of Washington, McHale briefly belonged to the Theta Chi Fraternity. He was recruited to be on the rowing team, but later walked onto the football team, playing tight end for two years. McHale received a Master of Fine Arts degree from the Professional Actors Training Program at the University of Washington.

McHale was part of the "Almost Live!" cast, a local sketch-comedy TV show produced by Seattle's KING-TV (Channel 5). From 1993 until 1997, McHale was a member of the improv comedy group at Unexpected Productions, participating in Theatersports! at the Market Theater located in Pike Place Fish Market in downtown Seattle.

After earning his master's degree in acting, McHale moved to Los Angeles and landed small roles in "Oliver Beene", "", and "Will & Grace". He played a TV reporter in the biopic "Lords of Dogtown". He guest-starred as a cast member on the NBC improv comedy show "Thank God You're Here" during the pilot episode and had a guest role on an episode of "Pushing Daisies". McHale also appeared in "Spider-Man 2" in a small role as Mr. Jacks, a bank manager.

In 2004, McHale began hosting "The Soup", a satirical weekly television show on the "E!" television network. Throughout the show, he takes the audience through the oddities and ridiculous happenings of the week in television. He frequently appears as a co-host on "Loveline". He has also had a long association with Circle X Theatre, where he has done several plays. McHale was a weekly guest on "The Adam Carolla Show" and "Mickey and Amelia", and occasional guest on the "Opie and Anthony Show". He has been a judge on "Iron Chef America". He was involved in the American version of the British TV show "The IT Crowd". McHale made a guest appearance on the finale of "Last Comic Standing" sixth season, when he recapped the show's events in his typical format of jokes made popular on "The Soup". He usually appeared in "Countdown with Keith Olbermann" in a humor sequence closing the show.

McHale played FBI Agent Robert Herndon in "The Informant!" (2009), alongside Matt Damon. 
He currently stars in "Community", which premiered in fall 2009. He also continues to host "The Soup".

McHale voiced the mule Elliot in "Open Season 2" (the direct-to-video sequel to "Open Season") since Ashton Kutcher didn't come back; but in "Open Season 3", McHale didn't return himself and got replaced by Matthew W. Taylor, who was replaced by Will Townsend in "".

McHale married Sarah Williams in 1996. They have two sons: Edward Roy, "Eddie" (born 2005) and Isaac Hayden (born 2008). McHale and Williams live in the Hollywood Hills.


Georgia Engel

Georgia Bright Engel (July 28, 1948 – April 12, 2019) was an American actress. She was the voice of Bobbie in the "Open Season" franchise. She was also on "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and on "Everybody Loves Raymond". She had two Emmy nominations for both shows. She was born in Washington, D.C..

She played a good witch in the 2007 recurring role of Esmeralda on the NBC soap opera "Passions".

Engel died of unknown causes in Princeton, New Jersey on April 12, 2019 at the age of 70.

Kazusa Province

The ancient capital city of the province was in or near Ichihara, Chiba.

Kazusa was originally part of a larger territory known as , which was divided into Kazusa Province and Shimōsa Province during the reign of Emperor Kōtoku (645-654). Part of Kazusa was made into Awa Province during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Kazusa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Tamasaki jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Kazusa. 


Equal Vision Records

Equal Vision Records is a record label based in Albany, New York. The record label focuses in metal or punk-based rock genres. Equal Vision Records was founded in the early 1990s by Ray Cappo. In July 2009, Equal Vision Records made a sub-label named "Mantralogy." This sub-label will feature bands that "deliver edgy, Krishna-conscious music."

Gary Sinise

Gary Alan Sinise (born March 17, 1955) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, director, voice artist, and comedian. He as in the movies "Of Mice and Men", "Forrest Gump", "George Wallace", and "Open Season". Since 2004, Sinise has starred in CBS's "" as Detective Mac Taylor.

Sinise has won many awards including an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award. He was awarded the Presidential Citizen Medal by George W. Bush for work he did supporting the U.S. Military and supporting Iraqi children.

Sinise has been married to actress Moira Harris since 1981 and they have three children: Sophie Anne (b. 1988), McCanna Anthony (b. 1990), and Ella Jane (b. 1992).

Jon Favreau

Jonathan Kolia "Jon" Favreau (; born October 19, 1966) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, director, screenwriter, voice artist, and comedian. He appeared in such movies as "Elf" (in which he was also the director) and "Open Season" (but got replaced by Matt Taylor for the rest of the series). He is also known for directing "Iron Man" and "The Jungle Book".

Steve Schirripa

Steven Ralph "Steve" Schirripa (born September 3, 1957) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, producer, voice artist, and comedian in such movies and TV series as "The Sopranos" as Bobby Baccalieri, "Nothing Personal" (in which he is the host), and the "Open Season" series as Roberto.


Crispin Glover

Crispin Hellion Glover (born April 20, 1964) is an American actor. He has acted in such movies as "Back to the Future", "Epic Movie" (where he did a parody of the Willy Wonka played by Johnny Depp) and the "Open Season" series as Fifi. 

In the late 1980s, Glover started his company, Volcanic Eruptions. The company publishes his books and also is the production company for his movies, "What Is It?" and "It is Fine. Everything is Fine!".

Glover has written between 15 and 20 books. He makes the books by reusing old novels and other publications which are in the public domain due to their age. He rearranges text, blacks out certain standing passages, and adds his own prose and sometimes images.

His father is actor Bruce Glover. His mother was Betty Glover who died in 2016.

Associação Sportiva Sociedade Unida

Associação Sportiva Sociedade Unida is a football club which plays in Brazil.

Dave Garroway

David Cunningham "Dave" Garroway (July 13, 1913 – July 21, 1982) was the founding host of NBC's "Today" from 1952 to 1961. He had an easygoing and relaxing style. Yet, Garroway suffered from depression. He has been honored for his contributions to radio and television with a star for each on the Hollywood Walk of Fame as well as the St. Louis Walk of Fame, the city where he spent part of his teenage years and early adulthood.

He was born in Schenectady, New York. By the time Garroway was 14, he had moved with his family 13 times before settling in St. Louis, Missouri. In St. Louis, he attended University City High School. He earned a degree from Washington University in St. Louis in abnormal psychology. Before going into broadcasting, Garroway worked as a Harvard University lab assistant, as a book salesman, and as a piston ring salesman. After not being able to successfully sell either, Garroway decided to try his hand in radio.

Garroway began his broadcasting career modestly. Starting at NBC as an page in 1938, he went on to graduate 23rd in a class of 24 from NBC's school for announcers. Following graduation, he landed a job at Pittsburgh radio station KDKA in 1939. As a station reporter, he went about the region filing reports from a hot-air balloon, a U.S. Navy submarine in the Ohio River, and from deep inside a coal mine. His early reporting efforts earned Garroway a reputation for finding a good story, even if it took him to unusual places. The "Roving Announcer", as he was known, worked his way up to become the station's special events director, while still attending to his on-air work. After two years with KDKA, Garroway left for Chicago.

When the United States entered World War II in 1941, Garroway enlisted in the U.S. Navy. While stationed in Honolulu, he hosted a radio show when off duty, playing jazz records and reminiscing about the old days back in Chicago. After the war, Garroway went to work as a disc jockey at WMAQ (AM) in Chicago. Over time, Garroway hosted a series of radio programs such as "The 11:60 Club", "The Dave Garroway Show", and "Reserved for Garroway". One oddity Garroway introduced on his radio shows was having the studio audience respond to a song number not by applauding but by snapping their fingers. Garroway also worked to organize jazz concerts, creating a "Jazz Circuit" of local clubs in 1947, bringing back interest in this form of music. His fellow disk jockeys voted him the nation's best in the 1948 and 1949 "Billboard" polls. He won the award again in 1951.

Leaving the Midwest again for New York, Garroway was the first "communicator" on NBC Radio's "Monitor" when the program first aired on June 12, 1955. He continued as the Sunday evening host of the news/music program from 1955 to 1961. Garroway worked on the air at WCBS radio in 1964 and briefly hosted the afternoon drive shift at KFI in Los Angeles in late 1970 and early 1971.

Garroway was introduced to the national television audience when he hosted the experimental musical variety show "Garroway at Large", telecast live from Chicago. It was carried by NBC from June 18, 1949, to June 24, 1951.

Garroway's relaxed, informal style when on the air became part of his trademark. In 1960, "New York Times" reviewer Richard F. Shepard wrote, "He does not crash into the home with the false jollity and thunderous witticisms of a backslapper. He is pleasant, serious, scholarly looking and not obtrusively convivial." On television, Garroway was known for his signoff, saying "Peace" with an upraised palm.
Along with Arthur Godfrey, Arlene Francis, and Jack Paar, Garroway was one of the pioneers of the television talk show. Television commentator Steven D. Stark traces the origins of the style to Chicago. Garroway, Studs Terkel, and Hugh Downs all hosted relaxed, talkative, impromptu shows in that city in the early 1950s. Earlier radio and television voices spoke with an authoritative "announcer's" intonation, resembling public oration, often dropping about a musical fifth on the last word of a sentence. Garroway was one of the broadcasters who introduced conversational style and tone to television, beginning some broadcasts as though the viewer were sitting in the studio with him, as in this November 20, 1957, introduction for the "Today" show: "And how are you about the world today? Let's see what kind of shape it's in; there is a glimmer of hope." 

NBC president Sylvester "Pat" Weaver picked Garroway to host his new morning news-and-entertainment experiment, the "Today" show, in 1951. Garroway soon was joined by news editor Jim Fleming and announcer Jack Lescoulie as television's first loose "family" of the airwaves when the show debuted on Monday, January 14, 1952. Though initially panned by critics, Garroway's style attracted a large audience that enjoyed his easygoing presence early in the morning. His familiar "cohost," a chimpanzee with the puckish name of J. Fred Muggs, didn't hurt his genial manner, but his concurrent seriousness in dealing with news stories and ability to clearly explain abstract concepts earned him the nickname "The Communicator" and eventually won praise from critics and viewers alike.

At the same time he did "Today", Garroway also hosted a Friday night variety series, "The Dave Garroway Show", from October 2, 1953, to June 25, 1954, and on October 16, 1955, he began hosting NBC's Sunday afternoon live documentary "Wide Wide World", continuing with that series until June 8, 1958. Another Friday evening variety show, "Dave's Place", was on the air in 1960. He also hosted a radio show, "Dial Dave Garroway", that went on the air as soon as "Today" wrapped up each morning. "Dial Dave Garroway" began in 1946 when Garroway was still working for WMAQ in Chicago.

Garroway took "Today" to various locations as its host: Paris in 1959 and Rome in 1960; car shows and technology expos; plays and movies; and aboard an Air Force B-52 for a practice bombing run. Through television, Garroway gave viewers access to a variety of people that included politicians, writers, artists, scientists, economists, and musicians.

In late 1960, Garroway hosted a special filmed program for the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association that traced Billy Graham's crusades from 1949 to 1960.

Garroway suffered from depression. Toward the end of his professional career, he began to have disagreements with staff members; some days Garroway would disappear in the middle of the "Today" broadcast, leaving colleagues to finish the live program. Then, on April 28, 1961, Garroway's second wife, Pamela, died of causes related to drug-use. Causing emotional turmoil, Garroway went further into depression and emotional and mental instability. In late May 1961, Garroway resigned, announcing his intention to leave "Today" either at the end of October when his contract was finished or sooner, if possible. He wanted to spend more time with his children. His last "Today" show was on June 16, 1961.

Garroway returned to television on National Educational Television (the forerunner of PBS) with a science series called "Exploring the Universe" in late 1962. Later he went back to working in radio, doing "split shift" shows called "Garroway AM" (mid mornings) and "Garroway PM" (mid afternoons) for WCBS (AM), New York. Garroway also started a magazine, "National FM-Radio". The venture was a costly failure. Garroway realized he was not cut out to be a businessman. While he was in the publishing business, Garroway began reading various law books in an effort to try to understand what his lawyer was saying. His attorney told him that he had done enough legal reading to pass the New York State bar exam. On a bet, Garroway sat for and passed the written exam.

Garroway did other local radio and television shows. Garroway appeared sporadically on other television programs without achieving anywhere near the success and recognition levels he enjoyed on "Today". The most viewers saw of him for the rest of the 1960s and 1970s was whenever he reemerged for "Today" anniversaries. His final such appearance was on the 30th anniversary show, on January 14, 1982.

He was very interested in astronomy, and during a tour of Russian telescopes he met his third wife, astronomer Sarah Lee Lippincott. In his final years, he attended astronomy symposia at Swarthmore College and spent time at Sproul Observatory.

In his role as "Today" host, Garroway acted as pitchman for several of the show's sponsors. Among them were Admiral television sets, Alcoa and Sergeant's dog food. Most of the appearances were in the form of print ads in newspapers and magazines. By 1960, there was also a board game called "Dave Garroway's "Today" Game".

Garroway, an amateur drummer and inveterate music lover, lent his name to a series of recordings of jazz, classical, and pop music released in the late 1950s and early 1960s. Among them were "Wide, Wide World of Jazz", 1957's "Some of My Favorites" and 1958's "Dave Garroway's Orchestra: An Adventure in Hi-Fi Music". In a lighter vein, Garroway narrated a compilation of romantic songs performed by the Boston Pops Orchestra, "Getting Friendly with Music," in 1956.

Garroway also served as narrator for special albums, including 1964's "The Great Campaigners, 1928–1960" and 1960's "Names From the Wars."

In 1960, Garroway penned "Fun on Wheels," an activity book for children on road trips. The book was revised and reissued in 1962 and 1964.

Toward the end of his life, Garroway planned to write an autobiography. The book never made it past the research stage; the surviving notes, manuscripts, audio tapes, and news clippings were sent to former "Today" researcher Lee Lawrence. Upon Lawrence's death in 2003, the boxes were turned over to the Library of American Broadcasting, Special Collections, University of Maryland Libraries, where they resided as of 2009.

After having undergone heart surgery, Garroway was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound at his Swarthmore, Pennsylvania, home on July 21, 1982. He had one son, David Jr., and a daughter, Paris. When he married Pamela in 1956, he adopted her son, Michael, whom he raised as his own after her death.

The July 22 edition of "Today" was mainly a remembrance of Garroway. Sidekick Jack Lescoulie, news editor Frank Blair, and former consumer reporter Betty Furness offered tributes on the show. Garroway's passing was noted on "NBC Nightly News" with John Chancellor, the man who replaced Garroway on "Today" 21 years earlier. On "NBC News Overnight," host Linda Ellerbee closed the program with "Peace" instead of her usual "And so it goes."

Because of Garroway's dedication to the cause of mental health, his third wife, Sarah, helped establish the Dave Garroway Laboratory for the Study of Depression at the University of Pennsylvania. Garroway is buried in West Laurel Hill Cemetery, Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania.

Robert McKimson's 1960 cartoon "Wild Wild World" depicts "Cave Darroway" presenting footage from the Stone Age.

"Mad" spoofed him in one issue as "Dave Garrowunway."

In Robert Redford's 1994 film "Quiz Show", Garroway was portrayed by Barry Levinson.



Gemma Arterton

Gemma Christina Arterton (born 12 January 1986) is a British actress. She was born and raised in Gravesend, Kent and lives in London.
Gemma was born on 1986 and studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. She starred in St Trinian's, was a Bond girl in Quantum of Solace and played the title character in Tamara Drewe. She co-starred with Justin Timberlake in the 2013 film Runner Runner.

She was nominated for the Orange Rising Star Award in 2011.

Kia Corporation

Kia Corporation formerly known as Kia Motors (, ) is a car company. The headquarters are in Seoul, South Korea. It is the second-largest automobile manufacturer in that country, after Hyundai Motor Company. Kia sold of over 1.4 million vehicles in 2010. The company is partly owned by the Hyundai Motor Group. Hyoung-Keun (Hank) Lee has been president since August 2009.

The word "Kia" comes from Korean words meaning "to arise from Asia to the world". 1944




Hyundai Motor Company

Hyundai Motor Company (Hangul : 현대 자동차 주식회사; Hanj : 現代自動車株式會社; , "Hyŏndae", ) is a Korean car company. It is based in Seoul, South Korea. Along with Kia, it makes up the Hyundai Kia Automotive Group. The group is the world's fourth-largest maker of cars as of 2009. As of 2011, it is the world's fastest growing automaker for two years in a row. In 2008, Hyundai (without Kia) ranked as the eighth-largest automaker. In 2010, Hyundai sold over 3.6 million vehicles worldwide. In 2015 Hyundai announced it would spin off its Genesis car as a separate luxury brand, that will compete with other luxury brands like Buick, Lexus, Acura etc. 1968





Paedophryne

Paedophryne is a genus of microhylid frogs from Papua New Guinea. All six species known so far are amongst the smallest frog and vertebrate species.

Paedophryne amauensis is a recently discovered species of frog from Papua New Guinea. Only long, it is the world's smallest known vertebrate.

The frog species was discovered in August of 2009 by Christopher Austin when exploring Papua New Guinea. The National Science Foundation sponsored the exploration.

The frog is a millimeter smaller than the previous record holder for being the world's smallest vertebrate – a species of carp ("Paedocypris progenetica") from Indonesia. The frog mainly lives on land. According to its discoverers, the life cycle of the frog does not include a tadpole stage.

Travis Lane Stork

Travis Lane Stork, MD (born March 9, 1972, in Fort Collins, Colorado) is an American emergency physician and television personality. He is best known for being "The Bachelor", and as the host of the syndicated daytime talk show, "The Doctors".

Stork graduated "magna cum laude" from Duke University, and earned his M.D. from the University of Virginia. He completed his emergency medicine residency at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville, Tennessee. Before returning to Vanderbilt as a faculty physician, he worked as an attending physician in a private hospital system in Colorado. Dr. Stork currently splits his time between Nashville and Los Angeles, where he hosts the syndicated television show "The Doctors".

While Stork was finishing his residency program, he met the producers of "The Bachelor" by chance. They invited him to interview for the show. In 2006, Stork was the bachelor during season 8 of "The Bachelor." During the season finale of the show, Stork chose school teacher, Sarah Stone, who coincidentally lived only a few blocks away from his residence. He proposed a relationship instead of marriage. After the series ended, they broke up. In May 2011 Travis got engaged to his girlfriend of two years, Dr. Charlotte Brown, a Nashville native.

In 2007 Stork was selected to serve as the lead host on "The Doctors", a Los Angeles-based daytime medical/talk show, produced by Jay McGraw, son of Dr. Phil McGraw, which debuted in September 2008. On the show, Stork heads a panel of three other physicians from different fields (pediatrics, plastic surgery and obstetrics) as they discuss health issues and answer audience questions. The idea came about from a series of "Dr. Phil" show segments. Stork has been a frequent contributor on "Dr. Phil".

Brad Womack

Stephen Bradley Womack (born November 10, 1972 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American entrepreneur. He is the co-owner of Austin, Texas bars Dizzy Rooster and Chugging Monkey. Brad has an identical twin brother named Chad. He is best known to the American television audience as the bachelor of the eleventh season of the reality dating show "The Bachelor" in which he became the first Bachelor not to choose either of the two finalists. In 2011, Womack returned for a second turn as "The Bachelor".


Nika Futterman

Nika Futterman (born October 25, 1969) is an American voice actress. She is the voice of Adam Lyon in My Gym’s Partner’s a Monkey, Rosie in the "Open Season" series, Stamps in "Back at the Barnyard", one of the dung beetles in "The Wild", Lady Jaye in "", Chum Chum in "Fanboy and Chum Chum", Lola Caricola in "CatDog" and Luna Loud in "The Loud House". She was born in New York City. 

She did the vocals "Give it to me, baby" in The Offspring hit single "Pretty Fly (for a White Guy)."






Hida Province

In the late 1580s, Kanamori Nagachika occupied Hida Province. Kanamori's heirs held the province through the Edo Period when it came under direct rule by the Tokugawa shogunate.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Hida Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Hidaichinomiya-Minashi jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Hida. 


Kōzuke Province

The ancient capital city of the province was near Maebashi. 

In the Nara period, Kōzuke was part of Keno Province. This was changed in the reforms of the Taihō Code in 701.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Kōzuke Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Ichinomiyanukisaki jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Kōzuke. 


Mino Province

, one of the List of Provinces of Japan, encompassed part of modern-day Gifu Prefecture on the island of Honshū. It was sometimes called . 

Mino had borders with Echizen, Hida, Ise, Mikawa, Ōmi, Owari, and Shinano Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Tarui. The main castle town was at Gifu.

In 713, the road crossing through Mino and Shinano provinces was widened to accommodate increasing numbers of travelers.

In 1600, the Battle of Sekigahara took place at the western edge of Mino, near the mountains between the Chūbu region and the Kinki region.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Mino Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Shitori jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Mino. 


Cody Cameron

Cody Cameron (born October 12, 1970) is an American voice actor, writer, animator, director, artist, and screenwriter. He is the voice of many characters; this includes Pinocchio and the Three Little Pigs in the "Shrek" series and Mr. Weenie in the "Open Season" series.

Cameron first started his career at DreamWorks Animation and wrote dialogue and storyboarding for the "Shrek" movies, "Shark Tale", and the 2005 "Madagascar" movie.

In 2004, he decided to leave DreamWorks to join a brand new job at Sony Pictures Animation, where he worked as an actor in the "Open Season" series as Mr. Weenie, directed "Open Season 3" and "The ChubbChubbs Save Xmas" (in which he also co-wrote), and worked as a story artist on "Surf's Up" and the "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs" movies.

Patrick Warburton

Patrick John Warburton (born November 14, 1964) is an American actor and voice artist. He has been in many movies such as the "Emperor's New Groove" series, the "Space Chimps" movies, the "Open Season" franchise and the "Buzz on Maggie" series. He was on "Family Guy". He played Jeff Bingham in "Rules of Engagement".

Fred Stoller

Frederick "Fred" Stoller (born March 19, 1958) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist and writer. He is best known for recurring role on "Everyone Loves Raymond". He has been in many movies such as the "Open Season" franchise and "Austin Powers in Goldmember". Stoller has been very active as a guest star on many Television series. He has been on "Wizards of Waverly Place", "Hannah Montana", "Dharma & Greg", "Seinfeld", and "Scrubs" as well as many others. He wrote two episodes of "Seinfeld".


Ryūkyū Domain

In 1609, Japanese forces invaded the Ryūkyū Kingdom. After this, the Ryukyuan kings were forced to pay annual tribute to the Shimazu clan of Satsuma Province.

After the Meiji Restoration, the kingdom was replaced by the Ryūkyū Domain which existed from 1872 through 1879.

In 1879, Okinawa Prefecture was established.

"Naminoue Shrine" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the Ryukyu Islands. In 1890, the shrine was recognized in the system of State Shinto. It is among the ranked, nationally significant shrines or which includes five sanctuaries.



Tane Province

Kofun burial mounds are found on Tanegashima. Two very old Shinto shrines on Yakushima suggest that these islands were the southern border of the Yamato state.

Annals of the Nara period regard Tane-no-kuni as the name for all the Ryukyu Islands, including Tanegashima and Yakushima. 





Michelle Murdocca

Michelle Murdocca (born September 20, 1963) is an American actress, producer, voice artist, and comedienne. She is the voice of Maria in the "Open Season" series. She produced the 2012 movie series "Hotel Transylvania".

Combination lock

A combination lock is a lock that is opened with a set of secret numbers instead of a key. Mechanical combination locks usually have a dial that is rotated to three different numbers (four numbers on some safe locks) to open the lock. Electronic combination locks usually have a keypad where the combination can be entered like a telephone number.

The mechanical combination lock usually has three discs inside. The last disc is connected directly to the dial, and a notch on this disc rotates the second disc. A notch on the second disc in turn rotates the first disc. The lock is usually opened by rotating the dial clockwise to the first number, counterclockwise past the first number and to the second number, and clockwise to the third number (some locks use the reverse directions, and most safe locks require a return to 0 after entering the combination). This type of lock is popular on safes and padlocks. It is available for entry doors, but is not popular due to the amount of time required to enter the combination. The combination is usually set at the factory and can not be changed easily (if at all).
The electronic combination lock uses a keypad that looks similar to a telephone keypad. The combination is entered one number at a time, like a telephone number. When the number is entered, a motor opens the lock. This type of lock is popular on safes and doors, but is almost never seen on padlocks. These locks require batteries or another source of electricity. There is sometimes a key backup in case the batteries die or the electronics fail. Most safe locks do not have a key backup, as a key backup can be picked. Most electronic locks allow the user to set the combination.

Combination locks can not be picked (as long as there is no key backup), and the user does not have to carry a key. There is little chance of getting locked out as long as the user is good at remembering the combination.

Mechanical combination locks can be difficult to use for people who have never used one before. The most common mistakes are forgetting to pass the first number when dialing the second number, and rotating the dial backwards. In an electronic combination lock, the batteries can die, preventing the lock from opening until the batteries are replaced. With most combination locks, it is possible for a thief to obtain the combination by watching a legitimate user entering it. On an electronic combination lock, a thief can sometimes guess the combination based on the amount of wear on the buttons. An example of worn buttons can be seen in the photo on the right. More-modern keypad locks require the user to press one or two other buttons indicated by LEDs after the combination is entered. This causes the other buttons that are not part of the combination to wear down as well, preventing a thief from determining which numbers are part of the combination based on wear marks.


Jeff Cardoni

Jeffrey E. "Jeff" Cardoni (born January 1972) is an American composer. He can play many different instruments. He studied classical piano before playing drums and guitar in many bands. He was in the rock band Alien Crime Syndicate for a short time. After graduating James M. Coughlin High School, Cardoni studied engineering at Pennsylvania State University between 1988 and 1991.

He is best known for his work on television projects such as "", "The Defenders", "The League", and movie scores, such as "Just Friends", "Firehouse Dog", "Miss March", "Open Season 3" and "Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay". Cardoni performed the music for "Open Season 3".

Cardoni was born in January 1970.


He has won many awards from the American Society of Composers, Artists and Publishers (ASCAP) for his musical scores on television.

Diedrich Bader

Karl Diedrich Bader (born December 24, 1966), better known as Diedrich Bader, is an American actor and voice actor.

Many know him for his roles as the self-defense instructor Rex from "Napoleon Dynamite", Oswald Harvey from "The Drew Carey Show", Charlie Davies from "Outsourced " and his voice portrayal of Batman on "". Bader is also well remembered in his voice roles as the android Zeta in the "Batman Beyond" spinoff, "The Zeta Project", Warp Darkmatter in "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command", the Fiskerton Phantom in "The Secret Saturdays", and his recurring role as Hoss Delgado in "The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy".

Jennifer Saunders

Jennifer Jane Saunders (born 6 July 1958) is an English comedienne, actress and writer. She was born in Sleaford, Lincolnshire. She co-starred with Dawn French in comedy sketch show "French and Saunders". She stars in "Absolutely Fabulous" with Joanna Lumley, Julia Sawalha, Jane Horrocks and June Whitfield.

She has guest starred in the American sitcoms "Roseanne" and "Friends". She won the American People's Choice Award for voicing the wicked Fairy Godmother in DreamWorks' animated "Shrek 2".

Saunders married Adrian Edmondson on 11 May 1985 in Cheshire. They have three daughters: Eleanor "Ella" Rose (born 22 January 1986, Hammersmith, London), Beatrice "Beattie" Louise (born 19 June 1987, Kensington and Chelsea, London), and Freya Domenica (born 16 October 1990, Wandsworth, London).

Saunders currently owns a £1 million property with of land in Chagford, Devon and a home in London. Edmondson and Saunders were estimated to be worth £11 million in 2002. 

In July 2010, she said that she had breast cancer. She knew about it since October 2009. She is in remission following a lumpectomy, chemotherapy and radiotherapy.

Along with Dawn French, Saunders declined an OBE in 2001. In 2003, she was listed in "The Observer" as one of the 50 funniest acts in British comedy. Saunders was 93rd out of E!'s 100 Sexiest British Stars. She also was 18th for "Best British Role Models for teenage girls in Britain" by "Good Housekeeping" magazine. 






Iwaki Province (718)

Iwaki Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō.



Iwaki Province (1868)

During the Edo period and early Meiji period, the Date clan were daimyo in the area. 


United Kingdom parliamentary expenses scandal

The United Kingdom parliamentary expenses scandal was a major political scandal in the United Kingdom. It was caused by leaked expense claims made by members of the United Kingdom Parliament over several years. "The Daily Telegraph" leaked the claims in 2009. The claims showed that MPs had misused the expenses system to gain money. This made the British public very angry. The scandal made lots of MPs leave or be sacked, and it made them apologise and pay money back. Some people were prosecuted and put in prison.

Jane Krakowski

Jane Krakowski (; born October 11, 1968) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her performance as Elaine Vassal on "Ally McBeal", for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award, and for her role as "Jenna Maroney" on the NBC sitcom "30 Rock", for which she was been nominated for three Emmy Awards. She also regularly performs on the stage and won a Tony Award for her performance in the Broadway revival of "Nine" and an Olivier Award for "Guys and Dolls" in London's West End.

Krakowski was born Jane Krajkowski in Parsippany, New Jersey. Her mother, Barbara (née Benoit), is a college theater instructor and producing artistic director for the Women's Theater Company, and her father, Ed Krajkowski, is a chemical engineer. She has an older brother. Krakowski's father's family is entirely Polish and comes from Kraków, and although she only knows a few words in Polish, her father and grandparents are fluent. Krakowski was a childhood classmate of astronaut Garrett Reisman.

Krakowski grew up immersed in the local theater scene as a result of her parents' activities, saying in one interview, "Instead of hiring baby sitters, they brought me along with them." She took ballet lessons from age four, but later stopped because she was the wrong body shape, instead moving more towards Broadway dancing. She attended the Professional Children's School in New York City.

She dropped the "j" from the family last name when she began working as an actress.

In her first major television role, Krakowski joined the soap opera "Search for Tomorrow" in 1984, playing the role of Theresa Rebecca (T.R.) Kendall, a role she played until the show ended in 1986. She was nominated for two consecutive Daytime Emmy Awards for the role in 1986 and 1987.

In 1996, she made an appearance on the television series "Early Edition" as Dr. Handleman (season 1, episode 3 "Baby").

In 1997, she played office assistant Elaine Vassal on the television series "Ally McBeal" for five seasons until 2002; her role earned her a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress in 1999. In 2003, Krakowski guest-starred in the TV drama "Everwood" as psychologist Dr Gretchen Trott, a love interest for Treat Williams' Dr Andrew Brown. In 2003, she guest starred on "" as Emma Spevak, a serial killer of elderly women. In 2006, Krakowski was cast in the NBC sitcom "30 Rock", where she plays Jenna Maroney, a cast member of the fictional late night sketch show "TGS with Tracy Jordan". In 2009, 2010 and 2011, she received Emmy nominations for her role in "30 Rock".

Krakowski made her movie debut in "National Lampoon's Vacation"; she has also appeared in "Fatal Attraction", "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas" (where she played Betty Rubble), "Marci X", "Alfie", "Go", "", "Dance with Me", "Stepping Out", "Pretty Persuasion", "", and "Mom at Sixteen". Krakowski was originally cast in the horror movie "Sleepaway Camp", but dropped out just before filming began because she felt her character's death scene with a curling iron was so violent. She appeared in "When Zachary Beaver Came to Town" as a mother who wants to become a singer. In 2004, she starred in Alan Menken's TV movie version of "A Christmas Carol", featured as "The Ghost of Christmas Past".

A trained singer, Krakowski has made numerous appearances on stage. At age 18 she originated the role of Dinah the Dining Car in the 1987 Broadway production of "Starlight Express". She appeared in the 1989 Broadway musical "Grand Hotel" as the typist and would-be-movie-star Flaemmchen, for which she was nominated for a Tony Award. Her solo number "I Want to go to Hollywood" is included on the original cast recording. At the 2000 American Comedy Awards, Krakowski won rave reviews when she performed a sexually-charged musical tribute and love letter to Microsoft chairman, Bill Gates.

In 1995, she played the ditzy flight attendant April in The Roundabout Theatre Company's revival of "Company". In 1996, she starred alongside Sarah Jessica Parker in the Broadway revival of "Once Upon a Mattress".

In January 2002, Windham Hill Records released a Jim Brickman album titled "Love Songs & Lullabies" featuring Krakowski as a vocalist for the song "You", which became a hit on adult contemporary radio stations. Brickman and Krakowski also recorded an alternate Christmas version of the song. She also appeared on the album "Broadway Cares: Home For The Holidays", singing the song "Santa Baby".

In 2003, she starred in the Broadway revival of "Nine" playing Carla, for which she won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress. Krakowski is known for her famous anti-gravity stunt during the number "A Call From The Vatican". Krakowski and the director struggled finding a company that would let her do air stunts without a harness; Krakowski came up with the idea of using the method previously portrayed in "Broadway Bares". Krakowski recalled that the material took a long time to arrive, and the second time she ever did it was on the first performance.

In 2005, she starred as Miss Adelaide alongside Ewan McGregor in the new production of "Guys and Dolls" in London (Piccadilly Theatre) a role for which she won the 2006 Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical.

In 2005, she performed a cabaret show called "Better When It's Banned", which featured various songs deemed racy from the 1920s and '30s.

Krakowski performed in a January 2007 workshop production and backers' audition for a Broadway musical adaption of the 1980 movie, "Xanadu", with music from the movie's soundtrack and a book by Douglas Carter Beane. "Xanadu" premiered on Broadway summer 2007, although Krakowski's role is played by Kerry Butler.

In 2008, Krakowski starred as Lola in New York City Center's production of "Damn Yankees" opposite Sean Hayes and Cheyenne Jackson.

On July 30 and 31 of 2009, Krakowski played the title character in a reading of "Mrs. Sharp", with music and lyrics by Ryan Scott Oliver and book by Kirsten A. Guenther, at Playwrights Horizons.


In 2007, it was reported that Krakowski was in a relationship with English documentarian Marc Singer, whom she met at a screening for "Children of Men" in 2006. Before that, she dated Julian Ovenden.

She married Robert Godley in 2010. On April 13, 2011, their son, Bennett Robert Godley, was born.

Krakowski released her debut solo album on July 15, 2010 an album of cover versions called "Laziest Gal in Town" on DRG Records.

Selected recordings include:



Kevin Michael Richardson

Kevin Michael Richardson (born 1 1, 1945) is an American actor, producer, writer and voice artist.

! Year
! Title
! Role
! class = "unsortable" | Notes


Gordon Tootoosis

Gordon Tootoosis (born October 25, 1941 – July 5, 2011) was a Canadian actor, voice artist, and comedian. He was of Cree and Stoney descent. Tootoosis was a descendant of Yellow Mud Blanket, brother of the famous Cree leader Pitikwahanapiwiyin. In "Open Season" (2006), he voiced Sheriff Gordy. He played the same role in "Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run" (2006). In July 2011, he died in the hospital from pneumonia, aged 69.

Craig Owens

Craigery Michael "Craig" Owens (b. August 26, 1984) is an American musician from Davison, Michigan. He is best known as the former lead vocalist of Chiodos. He has had many side projects such as Cinematic Sunrise, and the supergroup Isles & Glaciers. He is currently lead vocalist for the supergroup Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows.

On July 20, 2008, Owens tried to kill himself by overdosing a drug called Xanax. Owens said he had been suffering from depression, bipolar disorder, and anxiety. Owens also said he did not suffer any permanent damage from the incident.

On December 15, 2008, a new side project was announced and was to be called Isles & Glaciers. It would include Owens, Jonny Craig (from Dance Gavin Dance and Emarosa), Vic Fuentes, Nick Martin, Matt Goddard (from Chiodos), Brian Southall, and Mike Fuentes. Owens is also often featured as a guest vocalist. Florida post-hardcore band, Broadway, had Craig Owens and Jonny Craig as guest vocalists on their debut album "Kingdoms", which was released July 7, 2009. Owens was also featured in the song "The Road to Hell Is Paved With Good Intentions" for the band In Fear and Faith.


Canada lynx

The Canada lynx is a species of lynx which lives on the taiga. It is about twice the size of a domestic cat. 

It eats mice, ground squirrels, lemming and young deer. The lynx's favorite food is the snowshoe hare, which makes up 60% to 97% of its diet. 

This wild animal is not endangered (except in the southern 48 states of the US). It is of "least concern" (IUCN). Humans hunt them for their beautiful, thick fur. 

It has tufts on its ears whose function is probably social signalling.

Douglas J. Mink

D. Jessica Mink is an American software developer and a data archivist at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. She was part of the team that discovered the rings around the planet Uranus.

Mink was born in Elgin, Illinois in 1951. She graduated from Dundee Community High School in 1969. Mink earned an S.B. degree (1973) and an S.M. degree (1974) in Planetary Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Felicity Kendal

Felicity Ann Kendal CBE (born 25 September 1946) is a British actress. She was born in Olton, Warwickshire. She is best known for her role in sitcom "The Good Life". She was a contestant in the 2010 series of "Strictly Come Dancing".



Determinism

In philosophy, determinism is the thesis that there are conditions that make future events happen the way they happen. Today, the term is mostly used in natural philosophy: there are natural laws and causality that govern certain aspects of nature. Some of those laws are not probabilistic, they apply all the time. The opposite position to this idea is called indeterminism. If there are really conditions that cause future events to be uniquely determined in advance, this will cause problems supporting the idea that there is free will. Other ideas that need the thesis of determinism are called fatalism and predestination.



 

U.S. National Geodetic Survey

National Geodetic Survey, formerly called the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey (U.S.C.G.S.), is a United States federal agency that defines and manages a national coordinate system. It measures the land and then draws maps. It also measures magnetic fields and tides. Congress started it in 1807 to draw maps of the coasts. It helps transportation and communication; mapping and charting; and many science and engineering uses. Since 1970, it has been part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), of the United States Department of Commerce.


Battle of Arras (1917)

The Battle of Arras was a battle of the First World War. The battle was a British attack on the German defences near the French city of Arras on the Western Front. The battle started on 9 April 1917. The British Empire troops went quite far forward but they did not achieve a breakthrough. For the amount of ground gained, the British also lost many soldiers. The battle ended on 16 May 1917 and there was a stalemate.

Amish friendship bread

Amish friendship bread is a type of bread or cake made from a sourdough starter that is often shared in a manner similar to a chain letter. The starter is a replacement for baking yeast. It can be used to make many kinds of yeast-based breads, shared with friends, or frozen for future use. The sweet, cake-like Amish cinnamon bread is a common bread that is made from this starter. It is a simple, stirred quickbread. It includes a large amount of sugar and vegetable oil, with a mild cinnamon flavor. It has characteristics of both pound cake and coffee cake. The flavor of the finished product can be changed by not using cinnamon.

A common recipe using this starter uses one cup (240 ml) of it to make bread. A second cup is saved to start a new cycle. The remaining two cups are given to friends. The process of sharing the starter makes it somewhat like a chain letter. One cup of starter makes one standard loaf of bread.

It can also be called German friendship cake, or "Herman" the German friendship cake.

The starter mix can be made from a recipe of flour, water and yeast. One cup of the mixture is then passed to other people who get instructions on how to keep it alive, usually just saying to give it more ingredients as time passes.

Shimotsuke Province

The ancient capital city of the province was near Tochigi.

Tokugawa Ieyasu's tomb and shrine is at Nikkō, in Shimotsuke.

In the Nara period, Shimotsuke was part of Keno Province. This was changed in the reforms of the Taihō Code in 701.

Parts of Shimotsuke were held by a several daimyo during the Sengoku period.




In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Shimotsuke Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Futarasan jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Shimotsuke. 


Keno Province

, also known as Kenu, was a very old province of Japan before the Nara period. Keno was in the area of Tochigi Prefecture and Gunma Prefecture.

Kōzuke Province and Shimotsuke Province were known as Keno before the reforms of the Taihō Code in the early 8th century.



Suwa Province

Suwa Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

According to "Shoku Nihongi", Suwa only lasted for ten years after it was established in 721.



Ugo Province

During the Edo period and early Meiji period, the Satake clan were daimyo in the area. 
In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Ugo Province were reformed in the 1870s.



Uzen Province

During the Edo period and early Meiji period, the Uesugi clan were daimyo in the area. 

Copper coins were minted in the province in 1861-1863 ("Bunkyu 1-3").

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Unzen Province were reformed in the 1870s.



Rikuchū Province

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Rikuchū Province were reformed in the 1870s.



Sanriku

Sanriku has an irregular coastline with 36 small bays. Each bay focuses impact power of ocean waves. This was shown by the damage caused by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.

In 1869, the provinces of Mutsu and Dewa were divided. 

Mutsu was split into new five provinces: Rikuōku, Rikuchū, Rikuzen, Iwashiro and Iwaki. The first three of these collectively known as the "Three Riku", or "Sanriku". 

The new provinces were abolished in July 1871; however, the regional name is still in use as the Sanriku Coast from Aomori to the Oshika Peninsula in Miyagi.

Zork I

Zork: The Great Underground Empire - Part I, also known as Zork I, is an interactive fiction video game written by Marc Blank, Dave Lebling, Bruce Daniels and Tim Anderson and published by Infocom in 1980. It was the first game in the popular Zork trilogy and was released for a wide range of computer systems, followed by "Zork II" and "Zork III". It was Infocom's first game, and sold more than 400,000 copies.

The player steps into the role of an "adventurer". The game begins near a white house in a small, self-contained area. Although the player is not given any instructions, the house is point of interest.

When the player enters the house through a window, it yields a number of interesting objects: an ancient brass lantern, an empty trophy case, an intricately engraved sword, etc. Beneath a rug a trap door leads down into a dark cellar. But what appears the cellar is actually one of several entrances to an underground area—the Great Underground Empire. The player soon encounters dangerous creatures, including deadly grues, an axe-wielding troll, a giant cyclops and a nimble-fingered thief. 

The goal of "Zork I" is to collect the Twenty Treasures of Zork and place them in the trophy case. Finding the treasures requires solving a variety of puzzles such as the navigation of two difficult mazes and some precise controls at Flood Control Dam #3. 

Placing all of the treasures into the trophy case scores the player 350 points and grants the rank of "Master Adventurer." An ancient map with further instructions then appears in the trophy case. These instructions provide access to a stone barrow. The entrance to the barrow is the end of "Zork I" and the beginning of "Zork II".

It is possible to score all 350 points in 223 moves (and win the game completely in 228 moves) by exploiting a bug.


Zork II

Zork II: The Wizard of Frobozz is an interactive fiction video game published by Infocom in 1981. It was written by Marc Blank, Dave Lebling, Bruce Daniels and Tim Anderson. It was the second game in the popular Zork trilogy. It begins where "Zork I" left off and leads into "Zork III". It is Infocom's second game.

The player starts in the Barrow from Zork I armed only with the brass lantern and the elvish sword. The purpose of the game is not initially clear.

The Wizard of Frobozz is soon introduced. The wizard was once a good sorcerer, but when his powers began to go away he was exiled by Lord Dimwit Flathead. Now bordering on insanity, the wizard is a force to be reckoned with. Your goal, as you venture into the wizard's area, is to avoid his tricks and learn to control his magic.

Like its predecessor, "Zork II" is essentially a treasure hunt. Unlike the previous game, the ten treasures are tied together by a crude plot. Finding the treasures does not end the game, and finding all the treasures is not needed to finish the game. Instead, the adventurer must figure out a way to use the treasures in order to reach the game's finale.


Nature versus nurture

The nature versus nurture debate is about the causes of differences between people. The phrase 'nature versus nurture' was suggested by the Victorian polymath Francis Galton. He was influenced by Darwin's "On the Origin of Species". He investigated the influence of heredity and environment on social advancement.

Galton did not oppose nature to nurture as two alternatives. The phrase 'nature vs nurture' has been criticized for its over-simplification. Almost all writers have realised that both play a part in our make-up. Both nature and nurture play interacting roles in development, and many modern psychologists and anthropologists think the contrast is too simple.

Ramin Djawadi

Ramin Djawadi (born July 19, 1974) is a German-Iranian composer of orchestral music for movies and television. He was born in Duisburg, Germany to an Iranian father and German mother. Djawadi may be best known for his Grammy-nominated, guitar-driven score for "Iron Man" and for the TV series "Prison Break", "Game of Thrones" and "Person of Interest".

After graduating summa cum laude from Berklee College of Music in 1998, Djawadi got the attention of Hans Zimmer. Zimmer recruited him to Remote Control Productions. Djawadi moved to Los Angeles and worked as an assistant to Klaus Badelt. He wrote additional music on "The Time Machine", "Basic", "The Recruit" and the blockbuster "". He then worked with Zimmer on the score for "Thunderbirds", "Something's Gotta Give (movieething's Gotta Give" and "Batman Begins".

Djawadi then went out on his own with "", collaborating with The RZA for director David Goyer. This was the beginning of his relationship with Goyer for both movies and television. Djawadi wrote the score for Goyer's horror thriller "The Unborn", which was produced by Michael Bay. he also worked with Goyer on the television series "FlashForward". This earned him his second Emmy nomination. Djawadi also composed the Emmy-nominated theme music for "Prison Break" and the theme for the related show "Breakout Kings". Djawadi's score for the movie "Mr. Brooks" earned him a World Soundtrack Awards “Discovery of the Year” nomination. His other scores include "Deception", starring Hugh Jackman and Ewan McGregor, and Robert Towne's "Ask the Dust".

Djawadi scored the first Sony Animation project, "Open Season" as well as the sequel "Open Season 2". Other animation scores include "The Chubbchubbs Save Xmas". Djawadi's work in these movies got him noticed by the filmmakers of the Belgium-based NWave. They created one of the first animated movies in 3D, "Fly Me to the Moon". Djawadi finished Warner Brothers' "Clash of the Titans" in 2010. Djawadi also scored the soundtrack for the 2010 video game "Medal of Honor" and HBO's fantasy drama "Game of Thrones".

He is currently composing the music for the new J.J. Abrams TV series, "Person of Interest".

His usual orchestrators are Stephen Coleman and Tony Blondal

Djawadi stated composers like Danny Elfman and Hans Zimmer as influences.

Feminazi

Feminazi is a word used to criticize the feminist movement or its members. The name was created by American talk-show hosts Bob Black and Rush Limbaugh. Black wrote an essay in 1983 called "Feminism as Fascism". 



Jessica-Jane Clement

Jessica-Jane Clement (born 24 February 1985) is a British glamour model, actress and television presenter. She was born and raised in Sheffield, South Yorkshire. She is best known for her role in "The Real Hustle" on BBC Three. She was a contestant in the 2011 series of "I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here!".


Charlotte Church

Charlotte Church (born Charlotte Maria Reed, 21 February 1986) is a Welsh singer-songwriter, actress and television presenter. She changed her surname when she was adopted by her stepfather. She sings classical music and pop music. She hosted a Channel 4 chat show titled "The Charlotte Church Show". She has two children by rugby player Gavin Henson.

By 2007, she had sold more than ten million records worldwide including over five million in the United States. In 2010 she was reported to be worth as much as £11m (though one 2003 report quoted her worth at £25m). Church released her first album in five years, titled "Back to Scratch", on 17 October 2010. Church has a mezzo-soprano vocal range.

She has became increasingly outspoken on a number of political issues. In May 2015 she joined a demonstration organised by the People's Assembly Against Austerity in Cardiff. At the 2015 Glastonbury Festival she chaired a conversation with two members of Russian feminist punk band Pussy Riot. 

In September 2015, she supported Jeremy Corbyn's campaign in the Labour Party leadership election, In 2016, Church along with many other celebrities, toured the UK to support Corbyn's bid to become Prime Minister, and in March 2016, performed at a socialist fundraising event in Edinburgh for Corbyn. But by December 2016, she was calling for him to be replaced by a “fresh face” who was more electable. In May 2016, she declared her support for the Welsh nationalist party, Plaid Cymru in the National Assembly for Wales election.

In January 2017, she took part in a protest in Cardiff about Donald Trump's inauguration as US president.

In February 2024, she was recorded singing for Palestine in response to the attacks of Israel on Gaza after the 7 October attacks of Hamas on Israel.

Church is a supporter of Welsh independence.



Bako Sahakyan

Bako Sahakyan (, sometimes transcribed as "Bako Sahakian" or "Saakian", born August 30, 1960) is the fourth president of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. He replaced Arkadi Ghukasyan, who held the presidential post for two five-year terms.

Sahakyan was born in Stepanakert, NKAO, Azerbaijan SSR in 1960. After serving in the Soviet army, he worked for nine years in a Stepanakert factory. In 1990, he joined the Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army, of which he became a deputy commander. In 1999, he was named interior minister of Nagorno-Karabakh. He also led the Nagorno-Karabakh security service from 2001 to June 2007.

Bako Sahakyan is married and has two children.


Arkadi Ghukasyan

Arkadi Ghukasyan () was the third President of the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. He was elected as the President on September 8, 1997 and re-elected in 2002, until his term ended on July 19, 2007 and was succeeded by Bako Sahakyan.

Born in Stepanakert, in the Nagorno Karabakh Autonomous Republic of the Azerbaijan SSR on June 22, 1957, he graduated in 1979 from Yerevan State University with a degree in linguistics. He started his working career as a correspondent for "Soviet Karabagh" newspaper, becoming its Deputy Editor-in-Chief in 1981.

In 1991 Ghukasyan was elected to the first Parliament of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. 

Ghukasyan has been a member of Nagorno-Karabagk's Security Council since 1993. On July 23, 1993 he became the first Foreign Minister of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.

He survived an assassination attempt in 2000. 



Nina Dobrev

Nina Dobrev (born on January 9, 1989 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian-Canadian actress. She is best known for playing the role of Elena Gilbert and Katherine Pierce on the dramatic television series, "The Vampire Diaries".

Nina Dobrev was born on January 9, 1989 in Sofia, Bulgaria to Bulgarian parents. her father is a computer scientist, and her mother is an artist. Her family moved to Canada when she was two years old. She was raised in Toronto, Ontario. Was 20 years old when she started her first show 

Pharmaceutical chemistry

Pharmaceutical chemistry or medicinal chemistry is a discipline of chemistry and pharmacology. Medicinal chemistry is interested in finding out about the chemical properties drugs have, and about the synthesis and production of drugs. In general, medicinal chemistry is seen as a specialization of organic chemistry.

Constantin Zwenger (1814-1885) was the person who founded the field of pharmaceutical chemistry. 

Relativism

Relativism is the idea that points of view have no absolute truth or validity. They only have relative, subjective value according to viewpoint and circumstances.

Common statements that might be considered relativistic include:

There are many forms of relativism.
The term often refers to "truth relativism", which is the doctrine that there are no absolute truths, i.e., that truth is always relative to some particular frame of reference, such as a language or a culture (cultural relativism).

As "moral relativism", moral principles apply only in a limited context. In context, principles and ethics do hold; out of context they do not.

There are similar ideas in nihilism, scepticism and amoralism. 

People who agreed with the idea of relativism include Paul Feyerabend, Isaiah Berlin and Richard Rorty. 

The Roman Catholic Church, especially under John Paul II and Pope Benedict XVI, has identified relativism as one of the most significant problems for faith and morals today.

The Church and some philosophers define relativism as the denial of absolute truth. They say that without absolute truth, there can be no moral values. If there are no moral values, there might not be sin, and God may not exist. In their view, relativism constitutes a denial of the capacity of the human mind and reason to arrive at truth. Truth, according to Catholic theologians and philosophers (following Aristotle and Plato) consists of "adequatio rei et intellectus", the correspondence of the mind and reality. Another way of putting it states that the mind has the same form as reality. This means when the form of the computer in front of someone (the type, color, shape, capacity, etc.) is also the form that is in their mind, then what they know is true because their mind corresponds to objective reality.

The denial of an absolute reference, of an "axis mundi," denies God, who equates to Absolute Truth, according to these Christian philosophers. They link relativism to secularism, an obstruction of religion in human life.

Pope Leo XIII (1810–1903) was the first known Pope to use the word relativism in the encyclical Humanum Genus (1884). Leo XIII condemned Freemasonry and claimed that its philosophical and political system was largely based on relativism.

Federica De Bortoli

Federica De Bortoli (born November 9, 1976 in Rome) is an Italian voice actress. She voices characters in anime, cartoons and movies.

De Bortoli provides the voice of the character Bella Swan in the Italian language version of the Twilight movie series.

She works at LaBibi.it, Dubbing Brothers, Sefit - CDC, and other dubbing studios in Italy.



Cheese analogue

Cheese analogues are substitutes of cheese that are made to imitate the taste and the look of real cheese. Such substitutes replace the dairy milk by other plant-based ingredients. The fat in the milk is replaced by other kinds of fat of animal or plant origin. Sometimes the proteins found in milk are also replaced by proteins from other sources. Cheese analogues are usually used because of health reasons, for example lactose intolerance. They are also used as a personal choice (e.g. veganism, or for religious reasons). In most cases, Cheese analogue is kosher. 

Cheese analogue cost less to make than real cheese. By carefully choosing the ingredients in the analogue, other characteristics such as the melting temperature and the taste can be changed. Flavour enhancers can be added to make the product taste similar to Parmesan, feta or Camembert cheese, for example. Food coloring is used to match the color of a cheese product. Real cheese undergoes a ripening process, cheese analogues do not have this: Usually, vegetable oil is heated, and mixed with a premade powder and water. Flavour enhancers are added. After cooling, the product is ready for packaging. 

In Europe, cheese analogue is used for gastronomy and in bakeries; In the United States, it is marketed as a replacement for real cheese. The arguments used cater to people who do not want to use real cheese for personal reasons, or that cannot use it for health reasons. 

Perla Liberatori

Perla Liberatori (born November 10, 1981 in Rome) is an Italian voice actress. She voices characters in anime, cartoons and movies.

Liberatori is well known for providing the voice of both Stella and Chatta in the fantasy animated series "Winx Club".She also voices Celia Hills in the Italian language version Inazuma Eleven anime series. 

She is married to voice actor Gianluca Crisafi. Liberatori is also well known for dubbing over many actresses.



Rikuzen Province

in 1868, Rikuaen was separated from Mutsu.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Rikuzen Province were reformed in the 1870s.



Danger

Danger (also risk or peril) is the possibility of something bad happening. A situation in which there is a risk of something bad happening, is called "dangerous", "risky" or "perilous".

People often take risks, or do things that might hurt them. An example of this is crossing the road without looking carefully. There is a risk that you might get hit by a car. 

Anything that involves a risk of injury or to health can be described as dangerous. Smoking is dangerous to health. Being around some animals is dangerous because they might attack humans.

There are a few different ways that danger can be "quantified" - put into numbers.

probability measures how dangerous something is. It uses a math equation to find the risk that a certain event might happen. In epidemiology, risk is defined as the number of events that "did" happen, divided by the number of events that "could have" happened. For example, if the risk of babies dying after birth in a population is reported as 1/1000, it means that out of every 1000 babies born, 1 is likely to die.

Prevalence is the number of people in a population that have a certain disease.

Risk is the number of "new" cases of disease, divided by the number of people who "could" get the disease. For example, during an outbreak of the flu, risk would be the number of people who get the flu, divided by the number of people who were exposed to the flu virus.

A risk assessment is a list of things that could go wrong. In many Western countries, when teachers take children on an outing, they may have to fill in a risk assessment form which lists the possible dangers and says what they should do to stop bad things from happening (e.g. accidents or children getting lost).


Dangerous

Dangerous describes something that has danger. It can also mean:


Cadet

A cadet is someone who is training to become an officer in the military, often a person who is a junior trainee. The term comes from the term "cadet" for younger sons of a noble family.

Cognitive dissonance

Cognitive dissonance is a concept in social psychology. It is the discomfort felt by a person who holds conflicting ideas, beliefs or values at the same time. In this state, people may feel surprise, dread, guilt, anger, or embarrassment. Reacting to this unpleasant state, people have a motivational drive to reduce dissonance. Leon Festinger's theory of cognitive dissonance was developed to predict and explain how people reacted to this situation.

Cognitive dissonance theory says that people have a bias to seek consonance between their expectations and reality. According to Festinger, people engage in a process he termed "dissonance reduction". This can be got in one of three ways: 

People in dissonance may change their feelings, thoughts or memories so they are less in conflict. However, often they do not, and instead set out to manipulate the social scene around them so that their embarrassment is less. For example, they may try to explain away the dissonance with a wider theory or they may intensify their efforts at persuasion and publicity so that others join them in their beliefs.

Festinger's book "When Prophecy Fails" is the story of how a cult leader reacted when her prophecy of doom failed.

Festinger and his associates read an interesting item in their local newspaper: "Prophecy from planet Clarion call to city: flee that flood". The prophecy came from Dorothy Martin (1900–1992), a Chicago housewife who experimented with automatic writing. She had previously been involved with L. Ron Hubbard's Dianetics movement, and her cult incorporated ideas from what was to become Scientology.

The group of believers had taken steps which showed their commitment to the belief. They had left jobs, college, and spouses, and had given away money and possessions. They prepared for their departure on a flying saucer, which was to rescue the group of true believers. She claimed to have received a message from a fictional planet named Clarion. These messages revealed that the world would end in a great flood before dawn on December 21, 1954.

After the failure of the prediction, Dorothy Martin left Chicago after being threatened with arrest and involuntary commitment. She later founded the Association of Sananda and Sanat Kumara. Under the name 'Sister Thedra', she continued to practice channeling and to participate in contactee groups until her death in 1992. The Association is active to this day.

Festinger and his colleagues infiltrated Martin's group and reported the following sequence of events:

The experiences supported the idea that the group did have a bias to seek consonance between their expectations and reality. In fact, events had proved conclusively the falsehood of their ideas, but the group rearranged their explanations to give themselves the least psychological pain.

Lime (material)

Lime is a general term for various naturally occurring minerals and materials derived from them in which carbonates, oxides and hydroxides of calcium predominate.

These materials are used in large quantities as building and engineering materials (including limestone products, concrete, and mortar), and as chemical feedstocks, among other uses. The rocks and minerals from which these materials are derived, primarily limestone and chalk, are composed primarily of calcium carbonate. "Burning" (calcination) converts them into the highly caustic material "quicklime" (calcium oxide), and, through the addition of water, into the less caustic, but still strongly alkaline "slaked lime" (calcium hydroxide).

In general writing when the term is used in an agricultural context it probably refers to Agricultural lime. Otherwise it most commonly means slaked lime, as the more dangerous form is usually described more specifically as quicklime or "burnt lime".

Permineralization

Permineralization is a process of fossilization in which mineral deposits form internal casts of organisms. 

Minerals in water fill the spaces inside organic tissue. The process gives a record of soft tissue as well as hard tissues. Fossils with permineralization are useful in studying internal structures, especially of plants.

Water from the ground, lakes, or oceans seeps into the pores of organic tissue and forms a crystal cast with deposited minerals. Crystals begin to form in the porous cell walls. This process continues on the inner surface of the walls until the central cavity of the cell, the lumen, is completely filled. The cell walls themselves remain intact surrounding the crystals. Permineralization is different from petrification in that the organic material is only filled with minerals and not completely replaced. Permineralization can occur in several ways:

Silicification is the most common type of permineralization.

Carbonate mineralization occurs as coal balls. Coal balls are fossilizations of plants and their tissues, usually made when there is seawater or acidic peat. This type of fossilization gives information about plant life in the Upper Carboniferous (325 to 280 million years ago).

Organisms are pyritized when they are in marine sediments saturated with iron sulfides.

MTR Corporation

MTR Corporation Limited is a public transport operator in Hong Kong.




Battle of Plassey

The Battle of Plassey was a major battle that took place on 23 June 1757 at Palashi, Bengal. It was an important British East India Company victory over the Nawab of Bengal and his French allies. It was part of the Third Carnatic War, and of the worldwide Seven Years' War in which France and its allies fought Britain and its allies. British victory let the British East India Company take control of the eastern part of the Indian subcontinent. In the next hundred years their area of control grew over the rest of India.

The battle took place at Plassey, Bengal on the river banks of the Bhagirathi-Hooghly River, a distributary of the Ganges. The fighting took place about north of Calcutta. This was near Murshidabad which was the capital of Bengal at the time. Plassey is the anglicised version of Palashi. The battle was between Siraj ud-Daulah, the last independent Nawab of Bengal, and the British East India Company.

The Nawab of Bengal at the period was Siraj-ud-daulah. He:


The following reasons also led to immense anger to the Company causing it declare was over the Bengal Nawabs.

The battle took place after the attack and plunder of Calcutta by Siraj-ud-daulah and the Black Hole of Calcutta tragedy. 

The troubles between Siraj-ud-daulah and the British led to the Battle of Plassey. First, the British had strengthened the fortification around the Fort William without telling the Nawab. Secondly, they abused the trade privileges granted to them by the Mughal rulers, which caused heavy loss of customs duties for the government. Third, they gave shelter to some of his officers, for example Krishnadas, son of Rajballav, who fled Dhaka after misappropriating government funds. Hence, when the East India Company started further enhancement of military preparedness at Fort William in Calcutta, Siraj asked them to stop. The Company did not stop, so Siraj-ud Daulah retaliated and captured Kolkata (Shortly renamed as Alinagar) from the British in June 1756. The Nawab gathered his forces together and took Fort William.

The British sent more soldiers under Colonel Robert Clive and Admiral Charles Watson from Madras to Bengal. The British retook control of Calcutta. Clive then took control of the French fort of Chandernagar. The battle was fought during the Seven Years' War (1756–63). The French East India Company sent a small group to fight against the British. Siraj-ud-Daulah had more soldiers and chose to fight at Plassey. The British were worried about having fewer soldiers. They formed a conspiracy with Siraj-ud-Daulah's demoted army leader Mir Jafar as well as others such as Yar Lutuf Khan and Rai Durlabh. Mir Jafar, Rai Durlabh and Yar Lutuf Khan brought their soldiers near Plassey but did not actually join the battle. Siraj-ud-Daulah's army was beaten by about 3,000 soldiers of Col. Robert Clive, and Siraj-ud-daulah fled from the battlefield.

This is thought to be one of the most important battles for the control of the Indian subcontinent by the colonial powers. The British now had influence over the Nawab. They also got a lot of revenue from trade. The British used this revenue to increase their military power. They pushed the other European colonial powers such as the Dutch and the French out of South Asia. This was a sign of the expansion the British Empire in Asia.

As a reward for his treachery, Mir Jafar was made the Nawab of Bengal. Former Nawab Mutsheed Kiki Khan directed all landowners of Bangla, Bihar and odisa
a not to sell any plot of lands to British East India Company.

Txillardegi

José Luis Álvarez Enparantza (27 September 1929 – 14 January 2012) was a Basque linguist, politician and writer. When writing he used the pseudonym Txillardegi. He was born in Donostia, which is called "San Sebastian" in Spanish. Even though he did not learn the Basque language until he was 17, he came to be seen as one of the most influential figures in Basque nationalism and culture in the second half of the 20th century.

Together with some friends he started ETA in 1959, and became responsible for their social and cultural activities. He also was a founding member of Herri Batasuna, the Basque nationalist party. As a linguist, he helped shape the structure and orthography of Standard Basque.

Ken Russell

Henry Kenneth Alfred Russell (3 July 1927 – 27 November 2011) was a British director, screenwriter, producer and actor. He was born in Southampton, Hampshire. He directed "Women in Love" and "The Devils". He was a Roman Catholic.

Russell was a housemate in "Celebrity Big Brother 2007".

Arkady Ter-Tadevosyan

Arkady Ivani Ter-Tadevosyan (; ; May 22, 1939 – March 31, 2021) was an Armenian military leader of the Armenian forces during the Nagorno-Karabakh War. He is best known as the commander of the operation to capture the town of Shushi in May 1992.

He has the rank of major general in the Armenian Army. He attended a military academy in Saint Petersburg and served in the Soviet Army.

Yer-Tadevosyan died on March 31, 2021 in Yerevan at the age of 80.


Nigel Hawthorne

Sir Nigel Barnard Hawthorne CBE (5 April 1929 - 26 December 2001) was a British actor. He was best known for his role as Sir Humphrey Appleby in sitcom "Yes Minister" and its sequel "Yes, Prime Minister". He played the title role as George III in "The Madness of King George".

Hawthorne was born in Coventry, Warwickshire and raised in South Africa.

He was gay; his long-term partner, until his death, was screenwriter Trevor Bentham. 

Hawthorne had pancreatic cancer and died of a heart attack in Radwell, Hertfordshire. He was 72 years old.

Sillod

Sillod is a city in the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is in the district of Aurangabad. As of the 2001 Indian census, Sillod had a population of 43,859.

Eero Saarinen

Eero Saarinen (August 20, 1910 – September 1, 1961) was a Finnish American architect and industrial designer of the 20th century. He was known for varying his style according to the demands of the project: simple, sweeping, arching structural curves or machine-like rationalism.

Eero Saarinen shared the same birthday as his father, Eliel Saarinen. Saarinen emigrated to the United States of America in 1923 at the age of thirteen. He grew up in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, where his father was a teacher at the Cranbrook Academy of Art. He took courses in sculpture and furniture design there. He had a close relationship with fellow students Charles and Ray Eames. He became good friends with Florence Knoll (née Schust).

Beginning in September 1929, he studied sculpture at the Académie de la Grande Chaumière in Paris, France. He then studied at the Yale School of Architecture until 1934. Later, he toured Europe and North Africa for a year and returned for a year to his native Finland. He returned to Cranbrook to work for his father and teach at the academy. He became a naturalized citizen of the U.S. in 1940. Saarinen was recruited by his friend, who was also an architect, to join the military service in the Office of Strategic Services (OSS). Saarinen was assigned to draw illustrations for bomb disassembly manuals and to provide designs for the Situation Room in the White House. Saarinen worked full time for the OSS until 1944. After his father's death in 1950, Saarinen founded his own architect's office, "Eero Saarinen and Associates". Eero Saarinen died of a brain tumor in 1961 at the age of 51.

He married the sculptor Lilian Swann Saarinen. They divorced in 1954. He had two children from his first marriage, Eric and Susan. Saarinen then married Aline Bernstein Louchheim (March 25, 1914 – July 13, 1972), an art critic at "The New York Times". They had a son, Eames, named after his collaborator Charles Eames.

Saarinen first received critical recognition, while still working for his father, for a chair designed together with Charles Eames for the "Organic Design in Home Furnishings" competition in 1940, for which they received first prize. The "Tulip Chair", like all other Saarinen chairs, was taken into production by the Knoll furniture company, founded by Hans Knoll, who married Saarinen family friend Florence (Schust) Knoll.

During his long association with Knoll he designed many important pieces of furniture including the "Grasshopper" lounge chair and ottoman (1946), the "Womb" chair and ottoman (1948), the "Womb" settee (1950), side and arm chairs (1948–1950), and his most famous "Tulip" or "Pedestal" group (1956), which featured side and arm chairs, dining, coffee and side tables, as well as a stool. All of these designs were highly successful except for the "Grasshopper" lounge chair, which, although in production through 1965, was not a big success.

One of Saarinen's earliest works to receive international acclaim is the Crow Island School in Winnetka, Illinois (1940).

While Saarinen was still working for his father, he took first prize in the 1948 competition for the design of the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial, St. Louis. His arch not completed until the 1960s. The competition award was mistakenly sent to his father.
The first major work by Saarinen, in collaboration with his father, was the General Motors Technical Center in Warren, Michigan. It follows the rationalist design Miesian style: incorporating steel and glass, but with the added accent of panels in two shades of blue. The GM technical center was constructed in 1956, with Saarinen using models. These models allowed him to share his ideas with others, and gather input from other professionals. With the success of the scheme, Saarinen was then invited by other major American corporations to design their new headquarters: these included John Deere, IBM, and CBS. Despite their rationality, however, the interiors usually contained more dramatic sweeping staircases, as well as furniture designed by Saarinen, such as the Pedestal Series. In the 1950s he began to receive more commissions from American universities for campus designs and individual buildings; these include the Noyes dormitory at Vassar. Saarinen designed an ice rink, Ingalls Rink, and Ezra Stiles College at Yale University.

He served on the jury for the Sydney Opera House commission and was crucial in the selection of the design by Jørn Utzon.

Saarinen's architectural firm was called "Eero Saarinen and Associates". He was the principal partner from 1950 until his death in 1961. The firm was initially known as "Saarinen, Swansen and Associates", headed by Eliel Saarinen and Robert Swansen from the late 1930s until Eliel's death in 1950. The firm was located in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan until 1961 when the practice was moved to Hamden, Connecticut. Under Eero Saarinen, the firm carried out many of its most important works, including the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial (Gateway Arch) in St. Louis, Missouri, the Miller House in Columbus, Indiana, the TWA Flight Center at John F. Kennedy International Airport that he worked on with Charles J. Parise, and the main terminal of Dulles International Airport near Washington, D.C.. Many of these projects use catenary curves in their structural designs. Saarinen designed one of the best-known thin-shell concrete structures in America, the Kresge Auditorium (MIT). Another thin-shell structure that he created is the Ingalls Rink (Yale University), which has suspension cables connected to a single concrete backbone and is nicknamed "the whale." He is known for the TWA Flight Center, which represents the culmination of his previous designs and demonstrates his expressionism and the technical marvel in concrete shells.
Eero worked with his father, mother and sister designing elements of the Cranbrook campus in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, including the Cranbrook School, Kingswood School, the Cranbrook Art Academy and the Cranbrook Science Institute. Eero's leaded glass designs are a prominent feature of these buildings throughout the campus. 
http://www.arkitekturanyc.com/cat3.htm 

Saarinen died while undergoing an operation for a brain tumor at the age of 51. His widow, Aline, died of the same disease. His partners, Kevin Roche and John Dinkeloo, completed his ten remaining projects, including the St. Louis Arch. Afterwards, the name of the firm was changed to "Kevin Roche, John Dinkeloo, and Associates", or Roche-Dinkeloo.

Eero Saarinen was elected a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 1952. He is also a winner of the AIA Gold Medal.

Saarinen is now considered one of the masters of American 20th Century architecture. There has been more interest in Saarinen's work in recent years, including a major exhibition and several books. This is partly due to the Roche and Dinkeloo office having donated their Saarinen archives to Yale University, but also because Saarinen's work seems to fit in with present-day concerns about pluralism of styles. He was criticized in his own time—most vociferously by critic Vincent Scully—for having no identifiable style; one explanation for this is that Saarinen adapted his modernist vision to each individual client and project, which were never exactly the same.

 Remodelling of the Swedish Theatre, Helsinki (with Jarl Eklund)
Gateway Arch, St. Louis, Missouri

Thin-shell structureTensile architecture
List of notable brain tumor patients

A&E with Richard Guy Wilson, Ph.D.,(2000). America's Castles: Newspaper Moguls, Pittock Mansion, Cranbrook House & Gardens, The American Swedish Institute. "A&E Television Network".
An exhibition of Saarinen's work, "Eero Saarinen: Realizing American Utopia", has been organized by the Finnish Cultural Institute in New York in collaboration with Yale School of Architecture and the Museum of Finnish Architecture. The exhibition will tour in Europe and the USA from 2006 to 2010. The exhibition is accompanied by the book "Eero Saarinen. Shaping the Future".

In 1973, the Aline and Eero Saarinen papers were donated to the Archives of American Art, Smithsonian Institution, by Charles Alan, Aline Saarinen's brother and executor of her estate. In 2006, these primary source documents on the couple were digitized in their entirely and posted online on the Archives' website.

National Building Museum

Mutsu Province (1868)

, also called was an old province of Japan in the area of Iwate Prefecture and Aomori Prefecture on the island of Honshū. It was also known as or . The history of this province started in 1868 and ended in 1872.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Mutsu Province were reformed in the 1870s.



Mutsu Province

, also known as Michinoku,was an old province of Japan in the area of Fukushima, Miyagi, Iwate and Aomori Prefectures on the island of Honshū. It was also known as or .

The boundaries of Mutsu were formally established during the reigns of Empress Genshō and Empress Kōken.






In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. Maps of Japan and Mutsu Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Tsutsukowake jinja" and "Shiogama jinja" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Mutsu. 


Julius Erving

Julius Winfield Erving II (born February 22, 1950) is a retired American basketball player. He went to Roosevelt High school. He is best known by the nickname Dr. J. Other nicknames include The Doctor and J. W. Erving. Erving helped create the modern style of basketball. Jumping and playing above the rim of the basket became a more important part of the game.

Erving was the best known player in the American Basketball Association (ABA) when it joined with the NBA in 1976. He won three championships and four Most Valuable Player Awards. He scored the most points in the league three times. He did it while playing with the ABA's Virginia Squires and New York Nets and the NBA's Philadelphia 76ers.

He is the fifth-highest scorer in professional basketball history. He scored 30,026 points (NBA and ABA combined). He was the only player to have been voted Most Valuable Player in both the ABA and the NBA. Erving was named to the NBA's 50th Anniversary All-Time team. In 1993, he was added into the Basketball Hall of Fame.

Many think that Erving is one of the best basketball players ever. He was well known for slam dunking from the free throw line. He was one of the best dunkers of all time. His best known dunk was the "slam" dunk. Since then, this move has become a regular term in basketball and is felt by most the be a basic part of the game. He is also credited with making the "cross-over" dribble and the "no look" pass a part of the game.

Secrets of the Furious Five

Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Furious Five is an Annie Award-winning American animated short. It was made by DreamWorks Animation. The movie is a semi-sequel (or spin-off) to the animated movie "Kung Fu Panda". It is a part of the original movie's deluxe DVD release. It was later broadcast on NBC on February 26, 2009. The short is now available as a separate DVD as of March 24, 2009. Also, ever since it was released, the short received positive reviews and won the Annie Award for best animated short.


Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Masters

Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Masters (also shortened to Secrets of the Masters) is a 2011 computer-animated short movie from DreamWorks Animation. It was released on December 13, 2011 with the "Kung Fu Panda 2" DVD and Blu-ray.

"Secrets of the Masters" won in 2012 an Annie Award for Best Animated Special Production.

Steve Coogan

Stephen John Coogan (born 14 October 1965) is a British actor, comedian, writer and television producer. He has played roles in sitcoms and movies. His best known character is Alan Partridge.

Coogan was born in Middleton, Lancashire and raised in Alkrington. He lives in East Sussex.


Crow Island School

Crow Island School is an elementary school in Winnetka, Illinois. Several architects worked together to design the building. Eero Saarinen worked with the architectural firm of Perkins, Wheeler and Will. The building was finished in 1940. It is different from many other schools because of its design and its ideas about education. Now, kindergarten through fourth grade students go to this school.

The first jungle gym is here. It used to be at the Horace Mann School, but that school building was taken down in 1940. People who ran the school moved this special playground equipment to the Crow Island School then.

The building won the Twenty-five Year Award in 1971. The school was named a National Historic Landmark in 1990.


Rio Grande

The Río Grande, or Río Bravo (del Norte), is a river in the United States and Mexico. The name "Río Grande" means "great river" in Spanish. The source of the Río Grande is in the San Juan Mountains in Colorado. It flows through the U.S. states of Colorado and New Mexico, and Texas, and forms the border between Texas and the Mexican states of Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, and Tamaulipas. The Río Grande empties into the Gulf of Mexico.

Biasing

Biasing in electronics is using specific voltages and/or currents at points of an electronic circuit to set an appropriate operating point. The operating point of a device, also known as bias point, is the point that shows the direct current, collector-emitter voltage, and the collector current with no input signal. The term is normally used with transistors.

Billy Bunter

William George Bunter (a.k.a. Billy Bunter, the "Fat Owl of the Remove"), is a fictional character created by Charles Hamilton using the pen name "Frank Richards". He featured originally in stories set at Greyfriars School in the boys weekly story paper "The Magnet" first published in 1908, and has since appeared in novels, on television, in stage plays, and in comic strips.



Doda (singer)

Dorota Aqualiteja Rabczewska, nicknamed Doda or Doda Elektroda, (born February 15, 1984, in Ciechanów, Poland) is a famous Polish singer with one of the largest number of awards in Poland. She was first known as a member of the Polish rock band Virgin. After the group disbanded she continued with a solo career releasing an album in 2007 called "Diamond Bitch" and another album "The Seven Temptations" which was released in 2011. She was featured on CNN, as the tenth most famous Pole in history. In 2011 Polish magazine Viva! put her among ten most influential women in Poland.


Snowstar Records

Snowstar Records is an independent Dutch record label based in Utrecht. The label was founded in 2003 by Cedric Muyres. Snowstar is specialised in Indie, singer/songwriter and folk.

Since 2003 Snowstar Records is active in the alternative pop music scene. Initially as a punk rock label operating from Limburg, but the focus shifted to indie, singer/songwriter, folk and americana. Since 2008 the label is based in Utrecht. With the release of I Am Oak, On Claws in 2010 the label obtained a high brand awareness.

Stefan Breuer (band member I Am Oak and Lost Bear) is involved in the production process (recording and mixing) by most of the releases from Snowstar Records, while Tammo kersbergen (also band member I Am Oak and Lost Bear) has provided much of the mastering.

In 2008 Snowstar Record celebrated their fiftieth anniversary with five new releases and a party in DB’s, Utrecht (the Netherlands).

Snowstar is also building on their releases abroad, by working together with foreign labels.
The album from The Secret Love Parade is released in Japan and the albums from I Am Oak in Belgium and Germany.



Akutan Zero

The Akutan Zero, also known as Koga's Zero and the Aleutian Zero, was a type 0 model 21 Mitsubishi A6M Zero Japanese fighter plane. This type of airplane was the Imperial Japanese Navy's most common fighter plane during World War 2. It crashed on Akutan Island, Alaska Territory, during June 1942. It was the first flyable Zero that the United States got during the war. The Americans fixed the plane and test pilots flew it to find out how it worked. American tacticians were able to find ways to defeat the Zero.

Tadayoshi Koga was the pilot. He was a 19-year-old flight petty officer first class. He launched from the Japanese aircraft carrier Ryūjō as part of a June 4 1942 raid on Dutch Harbor, Alaska. Small gun fire cut the oil line in the plane. Without oil, the plane crashed and killed the pilot. The plane did not break apart in the crash. The pilots of other Zero planes flying with Koga thought that he might be alive. Because of this, they did not try to destroy his plane. The Americans got the plane in July.

The Akutan Zero was very important to the American war effort. Some said it may have been "one of the greatest prizes of the Pacific war". Japanese historian Masatake Okumiya thought that losing the Akutan Zero to the Americans was similar to Japan losing the Battle of Midway. He said it made Japan lose the war sooner. On the other hand, John Lundstrom is among those who do not agree with "the contention that it took dissection of Koga's Zero to create tactics that beat the fabled airplane".

The Akutan Zero was destroyed in a training accident in 1945. Parts of the plane are kept in several museums in the United States.



Morrill Anti-Bigamy Act

The Morrill Anti-Bigamy Act (37th United States Congress, Sess. 2., ch. 126, ) was a federal law. A very disputed subject in the 1860s the act banned men having more than one wife at the same time (bigamy). It also limited the amount of property that a church and non-profit could own in any territory of the United States to $50,000. Justin Smith Morrill of Vermont sponsored it. President Abraham Lincoln signed it on July 8, 1862.

The act wanted to stop the Mormon practice of plural marriage and the property dominance of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the Utah Territory. The measure had no funds allocated for enforcement. Lincoln chose not to enforce this law. Instead, Lincoln gave Brigham Young tacit permission to ignore the Morrill Act in exchange for not becoming involved with the Civil War. General Patrick Edward Connor, commanding officer of the federal forces garrisoned at Fort Douglas, Utah beginning in 1862 was explicitly instructed not to confront the Mormons over this or any other issue.

In 1878 the Supreme Court ruled in "Reynolds v. United States" that religious duty was not a suitable defense for breaking this law. Many Mormons went into hiding. The Morrill Anti-Bigamy Act was amended in 1882 by the Edmunds Act, and then again in 1887 by the Edmunds–Tucker Act. By 1904, the LDS church stopped bigamy.

Ōmi Province

The ancient capital city of the province was near Ōtsu.

Lake Biwa in Ōmi is Japan's largest lake.

In the Kamakura period, Hōjō Tokimasa was made daimyo of Ōmi in 1200 ("Shōji 2").

In the Sengoku Period, the northern part of the province was the fief of Ishida Mitsunari. After the Battle of Sekigahara, Ōmi was controlled by the Ii clan who built the castle and town of Hikone.

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between the Imperial capital at Kyoto and the main city of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The road passed through Ōmi. 

Eight of the 69 Stations of the Nakasendō were in Ōmi. 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Ōmi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Takebe taisha" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Ōmi. 
"Enryaku-ji" is one of the most important Buddhist centers. The monastery is on Mount Hiei ("Hieizan").



Iwashiro Province

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Iashiro Province were reformed in the 1870s.



Iwase Province

Iwase Province was created during the reign of Empress Genshō. 

The province was established in 718. The area of the province reverted to Mutsu some time between 722 and 724.



Grover

Grover is a blue Muppet character on the popular television show "Sesame Street". He calls himself lovable, cute and furry. He is a monster who rarely uses contractions when speaking or singing.

Grover was first performed by Frank Oz. He provided the character's voice regularly from his earliest appearances until 2001. Eric Jacobson began performing Grover in 1998. He has performed the character regularly since 2002, although Oz still performs him some times.

Grover's birthday is October 14.

Mr. Johnson (Sesame Street)

Mr. Johnson is a character in "Sesame Street". He is Grover's regular customer at Charlie's Restaurant and other restaurants as well. He is a fat Anything Muppet who has become increasingly frustrated over the years with the service Grover provides (however, in the earlier skits, the situation was reversed, Mr. Johnson was calm, but Grover was the one who would get exasperated). Mr. Johnson was mainly performed by Jerry Nelson, and is mostly seen as a customer at Charlie's Restaurant. Mr. Johnson is always called "Sir" politely by Grover.

Vernon Rudolph

Vernon Carver Rudolph (June 30, 1915, Marshall County, Kentucky - August 16, 1973) was the founder of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc.

Rudolph was the oldest of two boys who were born to Plumie and Rethie Rudolph. As he got older, he began to help in the general store that his father owned. When he graduated from high school, he went to Paducah, Kentucky with his uncle. In 1933, Rudolph's uncle bought a doughnut shop and recipe for yeast-raised donuts. He bought them from a French federal employee named Joe La-beau. This all happened during the middle of the great depression, so they moved to Nashville, Tennessee to see if they could get better business there and secure their financial future.

Haemocyanin

Haemocyanin (or hemocyanin) is a protein which transports oxygen in the bodies of some invertebrates. Their active centre has two copper atoms which reversibly bind a single oxygen molecule (O). Unlike the hemoglobin in red blood cells found in vertebrates, hemocyanins are not bound to blood cells. The molecules are carried in the haemolymph. 

Hemocyanins are found only in the Mollusca and Arthropoda. However, the molecule is used only in a few insects. This is because insects evolved another system: the direct transfer of oxygen to tissues by a system of tubes called trachea. This delivers oxygen direct to the wing muscles and other organs.

Cirrina

Cirrina is one of the two suborders of octopus. Cirrina is also known as the finned, deep sea octopus. They have two fins on the head and a small internal shell. The paddle shaped fins help the Cirrina swim through the ocean.

Spermatophore

A spermatophore is a sperm packet used by invertebrates.

Hectocotylus

A hectocotylus is a modified arm used to by male cephalopods to put sperm on females.

Linear programming

Linear programming or Linear optimisation is a field of mathematics that deals with finding optimal values or solutions that can be described with linear equations and inequalities. Very often this involves finding the minimal or maximal values, given some conditions, or constraints. Linear programming is often used for problems where no exact solution is known, for example for planning traffic flows. Linear programming is one of the main methods used in Operations research. Linear optimization is a special case of Convex optimization. It forms the basis for several methods of solving problems of Integer programming. In many cases, the solutions of linear programs can be mapped to Polyhedra, which allows solving and modelling certain problems geometrically. 

In the case of linear programming, the word "programming" should be seen as "planning"; George Dantzig coined the term in the 1940s, long before computers were used to solve such problems. Looking at the information theory complexity, linear programming problems are simple, and can be solved efficiently using algorithms such as the interior point method. In many cases, the Simplex algorithm developed by Dantzig has proven to be very fast, even though its complexity is exponential, in the worst case. 

Leonid Kantorovich developed the first methods of linear programming in 1939.

Xtranormal

Xtranormal is a website that hosts text-to-speech based computer animated videoclips, featuring animated three-dimensional characters speaking in monotone computer voices. Users who log into the site may create videos by scripting the dialog and choosing from a menu of camera angles and predesigned characters and scenes. Xtranormal videos may also be created through an interface on the Youtube web site, and Xtranormal's animation software, called State, may be downloaded free and run offline.

Xtranormal launched in June 2010, after four years of earlier software development. Although it was originally intended as a way for filmmakers to quickly produce storyboards, its emphasis shifted towards satires of workplace misbehavior after one of its videos, about a cellphone salesman, went viral.

In 2010, the short movie "Sleeping with Charlie Kaufman" by director J. Roland Kelly, animated entirely with Xtranormal, premiered at the Little Rock Film Festival and was shown at The Rome International Film Festival in Rome, Georgia. Xtranormal videos form a recurring feature on the late night Fox talk show Red Eye w/ Greg Gutfeld, and have been featured as part of a GEICO advertising campaign.On July 31, 2013, Xtranormal was shut down officially. 

Holly G. Frankel

Holly G. Frankel (born July 13, 1979), also known as Holly Gauthier-Frankel, is an American voice actress, singer, and Burlesque dancer.

She is the daughter of Ron Frankel and Mary Lou Gauthier. Frankel is best known being the voice of Fern in "Arthur", "Sagwa, the Chinese Siamese Cat", Teri in later episodes of "What's with Andy?", Loulou in "Wimzie's House", and Flora in the Cinélume's English dub of Winx Club. She is also known for her alter-ego as burlesque performer Miss Sugarpuss.


Shimōsa Province

The province had borders with Kazusa Province to the south, Musashi and Kōzuke Provinces to the west, and Hitachi and Shimotsuke Provinces to the north. 

Shimōsa was part of a larger territory known as . Fusa which was divided into Kazusa and Shimōsa during the reign of Emperor Kōtoku (645-654). 

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Shimōsa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Katori jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Shimōsa. 


Ricky Gervais

Ricky Dene Gervais (born 25 June 1961) is an English actor, comedian, director and writer.

Gervais was born and raised in Reading, Berkshire, England. He was half of 1970s New Wave duo Seona Dancing. He is known for television series including "The 11 O'Clock Show", "The Office", "Meet Ricky Gervais", "Extras", "An Idiot Abroad", "Life's Too Short" and "Derek". He wrote a children's book, "Flanimals". He has performed stand-up shows "Animals", "Politics", "Fame" and "Science". He has starred in movies: "Ghost Town", "The Invention of Lying" and "Cemetery Junction". He has won seven BAFTA awards and two Emmy awards.

Gervais hosted the Golden Globe Awards in 2010, 2011 and 2012.

He is an atheist. He lives between Hampstead, England, and New York City with his partner, producer and author Jane Fallon. Gervais has said that they aren't going to get married because "there's no point in us having an actual ceremony before the eyes of God because there is no God". They have also chosen not to have children.


Pino Presti

Pino Presti (pseudonym of Giuseppe Prestipino Giarritta, is an Italian bass player, arranger, composer, conductor, record producer, born 23 August 1943, in Milan. He is a 5th-dan black belt in Shotokan Karate.

Presti, son of an accomplished violinist, Arturo Prestipino Giarritta, has been studying music since the age of 6. He was seventeen years old when he first entered the music business. Presti started as a bass guitar player, than gradually began as an arranger, a composer, an orchestra conductor and a producer. Among his collaborations in different genres of music like jazz, pop, funk, soul, we can find great names such as Mina (the most famous Italian pop singer), Gerry Mulligan, Ástor Piazzolla (the bassline in the famous composition "Libertango" belongs to him), Quincy Jones, Wilson Pickett, Shirley Bassey, Maynard Ferguson, Franco Cerri, Stéphane Grappelli, Aldemaro Romero and many others. He is considered one of the most important Italian arrangers/conductors.








Presti has trained in Shotokan karate and Goshindo under master Hiroshi Shirai from 1967 to 1985. He has also trainded on several occasions under other famous Japanese masters such as Taiji Kase, Hidetaka Nishiyama, Keinosuke Enoeda, Takeshi Naito, Hideo Ochi. Presti holds a fifth degree black belt obtained n Rome, in 1987.


Gerry Mulligan

Gerald Joseph "Gerry" Mulligan (April 6, 1927 – January 20, 1996) was an American jazz saxophonist, clarinetist, composer and arranger. He was born in New York City.

Though Mulligan is primarily known as one of the leading baritone saxophonists in jazz history – playing the instrument with a light and airy tone in the era of cool jazz – he was also a notable arranger, working with Claude Thornhill, Miles Davis, Stan Kenton, and others. Mulligan's pianoless quartet of the early 1950s with trumpeter Chet Baker is still regarded as one of the more important cool jazz groups. Mulligan was also a skilled pianist and played several other reed instruments. Mulligan reportedly had a relationship with actress Judy Holliday until she died in 1965, and with actress Sandy Dennis from 1965 until they broke up in 1976.

Mulligan died of problems caused by knee surgery while suffering from liver cancer on January 20, 1996 at a hospital in Darien, Connecticut at the age of 68.


Cedar

Cedar (scientific name "Cedrus") is a genus of cone-bearing trees in the plant family "Pinaceae". They are native to the mountains of the western Himalaya and the Mediterranean region. They are found at heights of in the Himalaya and in the Mediterranean.

Cedars are trees up to (occasionally ) tall. They have spicy-scented wood, thick ridged or square-cracked bark, and broad, level branches. The shoots are of two kinds, long shoots, which form the framework of the branches, and short shoots, which carry most of the leaves. The leaves are evergreen and needle-like, 8–60 mm long, arranged in an open spiral on long shoots, and in dense spiral clusters of 15–45 together on short shoots; they vary from bright grass-green to dark green to strongly glaucous pale blue-green, depending on the thickness of the white wax layer which protects the leaves from drying out. The female seed cones are barrel-shaped, 6–12 cm long and 3–8 cm broad, green at first, then maturing grey-brown, and, as in Abies, disintegrate when mature to release the winged seeds. The seeds are 10–15 mm long, with a 20–30 mm wing; as in Abies, the seeds have 2–3 blisters, containing an unpleasant-tasting resin, thought to be a defence against squirrels eating them. Cones take one year to mature, with pollination in autumn and the seeds maturing the same time a year later. The male pollen cones are slender, egg-shaped, 3–8 cm long, produced in late summer and shedding pollen in autumn.

Cedar cones have a similar structure to fir cones. For many years in the past, experts thought they were closely related. Modern scientific investigation has shown that they belong to the same family but are not closely related.

There are several types of cedars and experts cannot agree how they are related. Some scientists put them all in one group while others separate them into different groups.

These are the names of the different kinds of cedars:

Mina (singer)

Anna Maria Quaini, (née Mazzini; born 25 March 1940), known as Mina, is an Italian pop singer. She was a staple of Italian television variety shows. She was also a popular person in Italian pop music from the mid-1960s to mid-1970s. She was known for her three-octave vocal range, her soprano voice, and her image as an emancipated woman.


Maynard Ferguson

Maynard Ferguson (May 4, 1928 – August 23, 2006) was a Canadian jazz musician and bandleader. He was born in Verdun, Quebec. He came to prominence playing in Stan Kenton's orchestra, before forming his own band in 1957. He was noted for being able to play accurately in a remarkably high register, and for his bands, which served as stepping stones for up-and-coming talent. He died in Ventura, California.


Ibirapuera Park

Ibirapuera Park is a major urban park in São Paulo, Brazil. It has a large area for leisure, jogging and walking, as well as a convention center.


Marion Strecker

Marion Strecker (b. São Paulo, October 17, 1960) is a Brazilian journalist, photographer and businessperson. She is known as one of the pioneers of the Internet industry in South America. Since 2011 she has been living in San Francisco, California, and working as an Editor-at-Large for UOL. UOL is the major content portal in Brazil. Since 2010, she has also been a columnist for Folha de S.Paulo, the largest newspaper in Brazil. She writes in the Market section about technology, innovation and behavior.

Strecker is one of the founders of UOL. She was the Content VP of the company from 1996 until 2011. UOL soon became a very large website. It reached about 70% of the online audience in Brazil with news, entertainment and services.

Before joining the team that founded UOL, Marion Strecker worked at Folha de S.Paulo from 1984 to 1996. She was a writer, an art critic, editor of the cultural section, planning coordinator, reporter, director of the archives and director of the Folha News Agency. Strecker was one of the authors of the “Folha Newsroom Manual”.

After coordinating the Digitization of the Newspaper Archives Project in the early 90s, Strecker led a team that created many high tech products. These included like audiotext services (1993), the newspaper’s full text yearly CD-ROMs (1994-96) and a system similar to a BBS. This system gave all the Folha de S.Paulo journalists and foreign correspondents access to the archives online, using telephone lines and microcomputers. Because of this work, Strecker was given the Folha Award on Journalism, Special Category, in 1995.

She also led the team which created the first website for Folha’s Media Group in Brazil. It was first used on 9 July 1995. Later that year, Strecker created the first content team for the launch of UOL in April 1996. UOL soon became the leader in the Brazilian internet market.

Since the 80s, she has written for several magazines and also spoken at many seminars and conferences in Brazil, United States and Europe. In the 90s she had a short career as a Professor of New Technologies for Communication at Casper Libero College of Journalism in São Paulo.

Early in her career as a journalist, Strecker was a writer and a co-editor with Lisette Lagnado of “Arte em São Paulo”. This is a magazine founded by the Brazilian painter Luiz Paulo Baravelli, about the visual arts.

Strecker holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Social Communication from PUC (Pontific Catholic University of São Paulo). Before working in journalism and online media, Strecker was a music teacher and a performer.

Strecker is married to the Brazilian journalist Mario Cesar Carvalho. They have two children, Theo and Helena.


Oscar Pettiford

Oscar Pettiford (September 30, 1922 – September 8, 1960) was an American jazz bassist, cellist and composer. He was known for his pioneering work in bebop.


Rick Jones (voice actor)

Richard "Rick" Jones (born June 23, 1957) is an Canadian director, writer, content developer, voice actor, actor, and comedian. He was the voice of Fu-Fu in "Sagwa, the Chinese Siamese Cat".

Since 1982, he's worked with Fox, Disney, Universal, Hanna-Barbera, Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon, Kids' WB, Alphanim, Cinar and Nelvana. Jones has been nominated for a Gemini Award twice in 1985 and 2003.

He also was known for being the voice of Slax in "X-DuckX", and Razmo in "Ratz". He also played Keisha's dad in 1990 Ivan Reitman film "Kindergarten Cop".

He was born Richard Jones.

No Motherland Without You

No Motherland Without You is a North Korean song. It is the signature song of Kim Jong-il. The song tells of the talent and virtues of Jong-il, and the attachment of the Korean people for him. The song's chorus is "We cannot exist without you, Comrade Kim Jong-il! The motherland cannot exist without you!" It is also thought to be the anthem of Songun politics because Jong-il started the Songun (military-first) policy of North Korean politics in 1995. It is often broadcast on the radio and from loudspeakers on the streets of Pyongyang.

The civil lyrics use the phrase "김정일동지" ("Comrade Kim Jong-il") to refer to the son of Kim Il-sung. The military version of the song refers to the North Korean leader as "김정일장군" (transl. "Gim Jeong-il jang-gun"; eng. "General Kim Jong-il") because he was the Supreme Commander of the Korean People's Army since 1991. The lyrics used by the Korean Workers' Party are as follows:




Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness

Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness 
(also known as 
Kung Fu Panda: The Series
sometimes shortened to Legends of Awesomeness)
is an American computer-animated television series based on the "Kung Fu Panda" movies. The series was originally set to air on Nickelodeon in 2010, but it was pushed back to 2011 instead. A total of 52 episodes have been produced or ordered. Two special previews were aired on September 19 and October 21, and it premiered on November 7, 2011.

While Lucy Liu and James Hong come back for the show, others didn't and were replaced by new members (for example, Mick Wingert is the new voice of Master Po, taking over from Po's original voice actor Jack Black).



List of World Heritage Sites in the United Kingdom

The List of World Heritage Sites in the United Kingdom is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

There are 30 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in the United Kingdom and overseas territories. The UNESCO list has eighteen properties in England (the Frontiers of the Roman Empire is shared with Germany), five in Scotland, three in Wales, one in Northern Ireland, and one in each of the overseas territories of Bermuda, the Pitcairn Islands, and Saint Helena.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries, including the United Kingdom.

The UK contributes £130,000 annually to the World Heritage Fund which finances the preservation of sites in developing countries. Some locations have many sites that have a common geographical location or cultural history.

The World Heritage list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

The United Kingdom National Commission for UNESCO advises the British government on policies dealing with UNESCO. The British government is responsible for maintaining its World Heritage Sites.

The first sites in the UK to be added to the World Heritage List, in 1986, were:

The latest site to be added was Pontcysyllte Aqueduct and Canal in 2009.

There are 10 criteria for a site to be able to be added to the list. World Heritage Site selection criteria i–iv are culturally based. selection criteria vii–x are natural criteria. Twenty-three properties are listed as "cultural". Four are listed as "natural". One is listed as "mixed", which means that the site is notable for both natural and cultural criteria. This is similar to the proportions of all World Heritage Sites. Of the 890 sites on the World Heritage List, 77.4% are cultural, 19.8% are natural, and 2.8% are mixed. St Kilda is the only mixed World Heritage Site in the UK. At first, it was added to the list because of its natural habitats. 

In 2005, the crofting community that once was part of the archipelago was added to the site. The natural sites are the Dorset and East Devon Coast, Giant's Causeway and Causeway Coast, Gough and Inaccessible Islands and Henderson Island. The rest are cultural.

As of 2020, there are 30 places in the United Kingdom which are on the World Heritage List.

There are 13 sites which are on a tentative list.

The Tentative List is an inventory of important heritage and natural sites that a country is considering for inscription on the World Heritage List, thereby becoming World Heritage Sites. The Tentative List can be updated at any time, but inclusion on the list is a prerequisite to being considered for inscription within a five- to ten-year period.

The UK's Tentative List was last updated on 25 July 2014, and consisted of 11 sites. The properties on the Tentative List are as follows:

Many other favorite sites were left out this time, including




Amy Tan

Amy Tan (born February 19, 1952) is an American writer. Her works deal with mother-daughter relationships. Her most well-known work is "The Joy Luck Club". It has been translated into 35 languages. In 1993, a movie was made based on the book.

Tan has written several other novels. These include "The Kitchen God's Wife", "The Hundred Secret Senses", "The Bonesetter's Daughter" and "Saving Fish from Drowning". She also wrote a collection of non-fiction essays entitled "The Opposite of Fate: A Book of Musings." Her novel "Saving Fish from Drowning" explores the problems dealt with by a group of people who disappear while on an art expedition in the jungles of Burma. Tan has also written two children's books: "The Moon Lady" (1992) and "Sagwa, the Chinese Siamese Cat" (1994). "Sagwa" was turned into an animated series which aired on PBS. She also appeared on PBS in a short spot encouraging children to write.

She is a child of Chinese immigrants: John and Daisy Tan.



Barriga de Aluguel

Barriga de Aluguel is a Brazilian historical telenovela. It was first shown in 1990. The series starred Cláudia Abreu, Cássia Kiss and Victor Fasano.

Stop Online Piracy Act

The Stop Online Piracy Act or SOPA was a proposed American law to stop copyright infringement on the Internet.

The Internet community had major discussion over it in 2011 and 2012, but the bill was not passed. Some experts said the proposed changes to the internet would have worldwide effects.

Many critics said it would have bad unintended consequences.

Some people and businesses supported the new law. Others were alarmed. Supporters worried that current copyright laws are not effective in shutting down piracy websites. The opponents worried that it is a kind of censorship. It is hard to tell which side is correct because the language in the law is still being written.

The English Wikipedia masked most of its pages with a banner on January 18, 2012. They used JavaScript to do this, which means that people could avoid the banner by just disabling JavaScript in their browser. The Wikipedia blackout is intended to spotlight the value of open access to information on the Internet.

Other websites joined protests against SOPA. For example, Google put up a black censor board in front of its logo.

Many critics questioned the value and likely effects of the protests. Some people questioned the timing of the protests.



Fallout: New Vegas

Fallout: New Vegas is a role-playing video game. It was made by Obsidian Entertainment and published by Bethesda Softworks. It was made after "Fallout 3" and is very similar to it, but it is a sequel to "Fallout 2" (because "Fallout 3" started a new story). This is because some of the employees at Obsidian Entertainment used to work at Interplay Productions and Black Isle Studios, the companies that made "Fallout 1" and "Fallout 2". It takes place in Nevada 204 years after nuclear bombs destroyed all the governments in the world.
The game was released on October 19, 2010, in North America, on October 22, 2010 in Europe, on November 4, 2010, in Asia, and on October 21, 2010 Australia. It can be played on a computer, Xbox 360, or PlayStation 3.

Buffalo gourd

Buffalo gourd ("Cucurbita foetidissima"), also known as the buffalo gourd, calabazilla, chilicote, coyote gourd, fetid gourd, fetid wild pumpkin, Missouri gourd, prairie gourd, stinking gourd, wild gourd, and wild pumpkin is a small plant in the "Cucurbitaceae" family, related to squash.

Loyalist (American Revolution)

Loyalists were people in the Thirteen Colonies who opposed the American Revolutionary War. They were also called Tories. They fought with the British against the Continental Army and Continental Congress that they felt was oppressing them. In many areas, Loyalists were treated very roughly by revolutionaries (who often called themselves "Patriots"). Tory lands and other properties were taken away, and sometimes they were put into jail or even killed. Some formed militias, fighting along with the British Army against the rebels.

After the war, many Loyalists sought asylum in Canada to escape the new United States and to stay loyal to King George and the British Empire.

Loyalists came from all walks of life. The majority were small farmers, artisans and shopkeepers. Not surprisingly, most British officials remained loyal to the Crown. Wealthy merchants tended to remain loyal, as did Anglican ministers, especially in Puritan New England. Loyalists also included some blacks (to whom the British promised freedom), Indians, indentured servants and some German immigrants, who supported the Crown mainly because George III was of German origin.

The number of Loyalists in each colony varied. Recent estimates suggest that half the population of New York was Loyalist; it had an aristocratic culture and was occupied throughout the Revolution by the British. In the Carolinas, back-country farmers were Loyalist, whereas the Tidewater planters tended to support the Revolution.

During the Revolution, most Loyalists suffered little from their views. However, a minority, about 19,000 Loyalists, armed and supplied by the British, fought in the conflict.

The Paris Peace Treaty required Congress to restore property confiscated from Loyalists. The heirs of William Penn in Pennsylvania, for example, and those of George Calvert in Maryland received generous settlements. In the Carolinas, where enmity between rebels and Loyalists was especially strong, few of the latter regained their property. In New York and the Carolinas, the confiscations from Loyalists resulted in something of a social revolution as large estates were parceled out to yeoman farmers.

About 100,000 Loyalists left the country, including William Franklin, the son of Benjamin, and John Singleton Copley, the greatest American painter of the period. Most settled in Canada. Brantford, Ontario for example was started by Iroquois refugees. Some eventually returned, although several state governments excluded the Loyalists from holding public office. Most of the Black Loyalists left, as they faced re-enslavement if they remained in the USA. In the decades after the Revolution, Americans preferred to forget about the Loyalists. Apart from Copley, the Loyalists became nonpersons in American history.


LaMarcus Aldridge

LaMarcus Aldridge (born July 19, 1985) is an American basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the NBA. He plays both the forward and center positions. He played college basketball at the University of Texas at Austin. He is known or his smooth turn-around jump shot, which is hard to block since he is so tall and long. He has been chosen as an all-star for the past three years. In 2014, he helped the Portland Trail Blazers win a playoff series for the first time in many years.

Collatz conjecture

The Collatz conjecture is a conjecture (an idea which many people think is likely) in mathematics. It is named after Lothar Collatz. He first proposed it in 1937. It is about what happens when something is done repeatedly (over and over) starting at some positive integer "n":
The conjecture states that if "n" is positive, "n" will always reach one.
The problem is verified for all numbers below formula_2 by computer. 
Here is an example sequence:

Many mathematicians argue over if it is really true. Numbers in the quadrillions have been tested but it has still remained true. However, this is still very less compared to another conjecture that had been proved false in 1978. There are two outcomes where it is false: a number keeps growing towards infinity, or an extremely large number forms its own loop.

Folketing

The Folketing () is the national parliament of Denmark. The name means "People's thing" (a "thing" in this case is a governing assembly). It is the highest legislative body in the Kingdom of Denmark and decides most of the laws for Denmark, Greenland and the Faroe Islands. The Folketing meets in Christiansborg Palace, in the Danish capital, Copenhagen. 179 members sit in the Folketing (175 from Denmark, 2 from Greenland and 2 from the Faroe Islands) and are democratically elected.

Greenland and the Faroe Islands also have their own, less powerful, parliaments and are allowed to make some laws on their own.

The Folketing is where many political parties in Denmark meet to discuss important issues affecting Danish people, and to pass laws they agree on. The Folketing is also where the Government of Denmark is formed, when several parties who are in agreement decide to join together and form a coalition government (the parties forming a government must have over half of the total members of the Folketing; a majority). The voting system used in Denmark is proportional, meaning the distribution of seats reflects the distribution of votes. This means that many parties and different political views are represented, including some extreme views.

The leader of the Folketing is the "Speaker" who sits at the front. The members sit in front of the speaker in the shape of a semicircle.

From 1849 to 1953, the Folketing was one of the two houses in a parliament. It was known as the "Rigsdag". The other house was known as the "Landsting". The members of the Folketing included farmers, traders and merchants. The Landsting was made up of the rich members of society. It included the nobility. These members were chosen by the King to become members. In 1953 the Landsting was gotten rid of. This left the Folketing as the only house of parliament. The Rigsdag became the Folketing.

The most recent general election took place on 15 September 2011.
The centre-right coalition that was in power before the election, led by the "Liberal Party", lost to a centre-left coalition led by the "Social Democrats". The Social Liberal Party and the Socialist People's Party became part of the three-party government, which holds 89 seats in the Folketing. 

Neutrophil

Neutrophils are the most common type of white blood cell, often called neutrophil granulocytes. They destroy bacteria (and other parasites like fungi) during an infection. They get to the site of an injury within minutes. They have tiny granules full of enzymes and peptides which chop up the bacteria after they have taken them in.

The process of taking in bacteria is called phagocytosis. The bacteria end up in a vacuole inside the neutrophil. The enzymes then get to work on destroying the bacteria. Neutrophils are an important part of the body's immune system. They are a kind of granulocyte, and have a short life-span of a couple of days.

Adrenoleukodystrophy

Adrenoleukodystrophy is a disease that is linked on the X chromosome. It is a result of fatty acid digestive enzymes not breaking up the fats. These fats build up in the brain. They damage the myelin that surrounds nerves. This can cause seizures and hyperactivity. It can also cause problems with speaking, listening and understanding verbal instructions.

About 1 in 17,000 people are born with a genetic disease called adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD). This severe brain disorder mainly affects boys and men. There’s no cure yet for it, but a diagnosis early in life may keep it from getting worse.

Symptoms of ALD often begin between the ages of 4 and 10 but can also present much later in life. ALD symptoms include:

Marussia Motors

Marussia Motors ( [ma´rusja]) is a Russian sports car manufacturer which started making cars in 2007. They were the first sports cars to be made in Russia. It has designed, developed and built the B1 and the B2 sport cars. The Marussia B1 was launched on the 16 December, 2008 in the new Manege hall in Moscow. The company's first showroom opened in Moscow on 10 September, 2010.

Marussia is led by former racing driver Nikolay Fomenko. In 2010, it bought the Virgin Racing Formula One team. This will be renamed the Marussia F1 Team for the 2012 Formula One racing season.

European windstorm

A European windstorm is an extratropical cyclone that affects Europe. They are normally caused by areas of low atmospheric pressure that move across the North Atlantic towards northwestern Europe. They are most common in the winter months. Low pressure areas are common over the North Atlantic. They sometimes start as nor'easters off the New England coast. They usually move past the north coasts of the British Isles to the Norwegian Sea. When they move south, they can affect almost any country in Europe. These most often affect Britain, Ireland, Norway, the Faroe Islands and Iceland. They can affect any country in central, northern and western Europe.

These storms cause economic damage of €1.9 billion each year. They cause insurance costs of €1.4 billion yearly (1990–1998). Only US hurricanes cause more insurance costs of all natural disasters.

Euston Arch

The Euston Arch was an archway built at the front of Euston railway station in London. It was built in 1837 by the London and Birmingham Railway. The people in charge of the new and modern railway wanted passengers to have a good feeling about the station. They built the large arch as a gate in front of the station to attract attention. 

Four columns supported the arch. The outside two columns were plain and square. The inside two were circular and decorated in the Doric style. This Doric style gave the arch its common name of "The Doric Arch".

Originally, the words "London and Birmingham Railway" marked the top of the gate. In 1870, the letters EUSTON in gold were carved into the beam across the tops of the four columns. This railway company had joined other companies to form the London and North Western Railway. This new company did not want passengers to use the old name. It changed the name of the arch from the company name to the station name.

In 1960s, Britain was modernising the railways. Diesel locomotives were replacing of steam locomotives. Overhead electric wires were added to the important line from Euston Station in London to the North West of England. The old Euston station was also to replaced. The railway added more platforms and more space at the front of the station for cars. By 1961 the Arch had been removed.

The Northern station of the railway was at Curzon Street in Birmingham. That station was decorated with large pillars too and it still stands today. The columns at Curzon Street are Ionic instead of Doric. This means that the columns are plain, not fluted.

Social Security Income

SSI or social security income is a type of government check that is given to those in the United States with some type of disability. Those who are above age 65 are automatically qualified to receive SSI benefits. However, children who have a disability can also qualify for SSI benefits. In all cases with children, they can receive SSI until the age of 18 (when they finish school). Some children continue to receive SSI if their disability worsens, or if they continue to develop more disabilities. When a child reaches the age of 18, they are evaluated by a professional physiatrist. The physiatrist asks several questions ranging from their moods to how they are doing in their life. The evaluation also consists of several mental work problems that are based on decision-making. At the end of the evaluation, the physiatrist will determine if the child is still disabled or has more disabilities. 

There has been mixed to negative commentaries by the general public who believe that SSI is a mere waste and should not exist. While others argue that if SSI is taken away, the elderly and children with disabilities would struggle with medical expenses and other lifetime economic issues. SSI is founded by the government. The money given to those with SSI are taken from taxes from those who work in the United States. SSI benefits include: insurance, automatic qualification for low income housing, free transportation to and from appointments and a monthly check that arrives on the first of every month.


PROTECT IP Act

The Protect Intellectual Property Act (Preventing Real Online Threats to Economic Creativity and Theft of Intellectual Property Act), also called PIPA, was a proposed American law to stop copyright infringement on the Internet. The law would give copyright holders new ways to deal with websites infringing copyright.

Critics said the proposed law would have hidden risks and unintended consequences.

Some people and businesses support the law while others are alarmed by the law. Supporters worry that the current copyright law is not effective in shutting down piracy websites. Opponents worry that the law is a kind of censorship. It is hard to tell which side is correct because the language in the law is still being written.



Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome

Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome, often simply called The Metrodome, was a domed sports stadium in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA. The field was renamed Mall of America Field at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in October 2009. Opened in 1982, it replaced Metropolitan Stadium, which was on the current site of the Mall of America in Bloomington (which, beginning a three year deal on October 5, 2009, now holds naming rights for the Metrodome's field), and Memorial Stadium on the University of Minnesota campus. The Metrodome was home to the National Football League's Minnesota Vikings, and in its last years was also sometimes used by the Big Ten's Minnesota Golden Gophers baseball team. The stadium was also the home of the Minnesota Twins from 1982 to 2009 and the Golden Gophers football team from 1982 to 2008. The Twins now play at the nearby Target Field, while Golden Gophers football returned to campus at TCF Bank Stadium.

The Vikings played their last game at the stadium on December 29, 2013. Demolition of the stadium began on January 18, 2014. A new stadium for the Vikings, U.S. Bank Stadium, was built on the site, and opened in 2016. During construction of the new stadium, the Vikings played at TCF Bank Stadium, located on the University of Minnesota campus.


Marcus Trescothick

Marcus Edward Trescothick (born 25 December 1975) is an English cricketer. He was born in Keynsham, Somerset. He is a batsman. He played 76 test matches and 123 one day internationals for the England cricket team. He has stopped playing cricket for the England cricket team now. He still plays cricket for Somerset County Cricket Club.

Chicago Whales

The Chicago Whales were a professional baseball team that played in Chicago, Illinois, during 1914 and 1915. They were members of the Federal League, a short-lived attempt at a third major league. The Whales were owned by a group led by Chicago restaurant owner Charles Weeghman. They played their home games at Weeghman Park, which is now Wrigley Field.

Federal League

The Federal League was a third major league baseball league. It was in competition with the National League and American League. The league played for two seasons, 1914 and 1915, and then went out of business.

Metropolitan Stadium

Metropolitan Stadium was a sports stadium in Bloomington, Minnesota. It opened in 1956 as the home of the local minor league baseball team, the Minneapolis Millers. It was made larger in 1961 so that it could be used for major league teams. In 1961, the Minnesota Twins moved from Washington, DC and the Minnesota Vikings began play at the stadium. It was replaced by the Metrodome in 1982, and was torn down in the mid-1980s.

The site of the stadium is now used by the Mall of America. When people talk about the ballpark nowadays, they often call it the "Old Met". The first floor of the Mall has a brass marker in the shape of a home plate, on the spot where the Old Met's home base once was.

List of the busiest airports in the United States

These are lists of the busiest airports in the United States.

Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport is the busiest single airport in the United States. However, all of the New York City metropolitan area's airports combine to create the largest airport system in the United States. They are also second in the world in terms of passenger traffic, and first in the world in terms of total flight operations.

Listed according to data compiled by Airports Council International North America, and ranked according to total passengers during 2010.

Listed according to data compiled by the Office of Aviation Analysis, part of the United States Department of Transportation, and ranked according to total international passengers during 2010.

Listed according to data compiled by Airports Council International North America, and ranked according to total cargo throughput in metric tonnes during 2010.

Edward William Binney

Edward William Binney FRS (1812–1882) was an English geologist. 

Edward William Binney was born in Morton, Nottinghamshire in 1812. He was apprenticed to a solicitor in Chesterfield. In 1836, he went to Manchester. He soon retired from legal practice to study geology.

In 1838, he helped found the Manchester Geological Society. He was elected president in 1857 and again in 1865. He also was the secretary and later the president of the Manchester Literary and Philosophical Society. He studied the Carboniferous and Permian rocks in northern England and the Drift deposits of Lancashire. He and Joseph Dalton Hooker found the first coal balls. They also studied the geology of the country around Manchester. He became an expert on the Coal Measures, and his "Observations on the Structure of Fossil Plants found in the Carboniferous Strata" (1868–1875) was one of the studies of the Palaeontographical Society. His large collection of fossils was placed in Owens College.

Binney was close friends with James Prescott Joule, William Sturgeon, John Davies and John Leigh.

He was elected a fellow of the Royal Society in 1856 and died in Manchester.


Paleobotany

Paleobotany (Palaeobotany) is part of paleontology (palaeontology). Paleophytology (Palaeophytology) is a synonym.

Paleobotanists study plant fossils from the past. Paleobotany is also about trying to understand past environments and the history of agriculture. Fossil pollen and spores are important for studying the history of plants. Micropaleontology and palynology both include studying fossil plant pollen and spores.

Note: terms starting with Paleo- are spelt Palaeo- in the English version of the English language.


Moree, New South Wales

Moree is a large town in northern New South Wales, Australia. It is on the Mehi River and on the junction of the Newell Highway and Gwydir Highway. The next closest town to Moree is Narrabri which is 100 kilometers south of Moree.

Moree is a major agricultural centre. It is an important part of the Australian cotton growing industry. Like many towns and cities in Australia, Moree shares its name with a much smaller community in Northern Ireland, Moree, County Tyrone. At the 2001 census, 9,247 people lived in Moree. Later in 2006, only 8,083 people lived there.

Ernie Banks

Ernest "Ernie" Banks (January 31, 1931 – January 23, 2015) was a former Major League Baseball player. He was a shortstop and a first baseman. He spent his entire 19-year career with the Chicago Cubs of the National League (1953–1971). 

He hit 512 home runs in his career. Very few players have hit more than 500 home runs in their careers. He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1977. He was known as "Mr. Cub". 

In 2013, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama.

Banks was born in Dallas, Texas and went to Booker T. Washington High School in that city. He was a very good athlete. He won "letters" in football, basketball and track. He graduated in 1950.

Banks signed with the Kansas City Monarchs of the Negro American League in 1950. He broke into the Major Leagues in 1953 with the Chicago Cubs. He was their first black player. He played for the Cubs his entire career. He started at shortstop, then moved to first base in 1962.

In 1955, he set the record for grand slam home runs in a single season with five. That record stood for over thirty years.

Banks won the National League Most Valuable Player Award twice, in 1958 and 1959. He became the first shortstop in the history of the National League to win the MVP award in back to back seasons.

On May 12, 1970, at Chicago's Wrigley Field, Banks hit his 500th career home run. Banks finished his career with 512 home runs, and his 277 homers as a shortstop were the most ever at the time of his retirement. (Cal Ripken, Jr. now holds the record for most homers as a shortstop with 345.) Banks holds Cubs records for games played (2,528), at-bats (9,421), extra-base hits (1,009), and total bases (4,706).

During Banks' career, the Cubs as a team often played poorly. They started to play better late in his career, but they never got into the playoffs. Banks holds the Major League record for most games played without a playoff appearance (2,528).

In 1977 Banks was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame. The beginning of Banks' speech that August 8 can be heard on a CD called "Baseball's Greatest Hits Vol. II". Commissioner of Baseball Bowie Kuhn presents Banks, who then says, "Thank you very much, Commissioner, for the fine introduction. We've got the setting - sunshine, fresh air; we've got the team behind us so . . . "'Let's play two!""

Banks had worn number 14 on his Cubs uniform. In 1982 he became the first Cubs players whose number was retired by the team.

On March 31, 2008, a statue of Banks was put outside Wrigley Field. The base of the statue repeats his famous saying, "Lets play two!" 

Banks died of a heart attack at a Chicago hospital on January 23, 2015, eight days before his 84th birthday. His death was announced by his lawyer in that same day. He was buried in Graceland Cemetery, just a few blocks north of Wrigley Field.


West Side Park

West Side Park is the name of a former baseball park in Chicago, Illinois. It was the home field of the Chicago Cubs baseball team from 1893 through 1915.

It was the Cubs' home ballpark when they won their only World Series championships, in 1907 and 1908, until their win in 2016. The team moved to Wrigley Field in 1916.

The park got its name from being located on the west side of Chicago. Where the ballpark once stood there is now a building in the University of Illinois Medical School.

Yoshino Province

, also known as Washū, was an old province of Japan in the area of Nara Prefecture on the island of Honshū. The history of the province started in 716 and ended in 738.

The province was established when Yoshino District was separated from Yamato Province. 

Yoshino Province was abolished sometime after 738. It was reformed as part of Yamato Province.

The Buddhist temple of "Hisosan-ji" was established in the province.
Yoshino was known for locally produced varnishes called lacquer. Cups and bowls and other lacquer ware ("Yoshino nuri") were typically black and red. Yoshino lacquer ("Yoshino urushi") was evaluated as superior.



Heathrow Airport Holdings

Heathrow Airport Holdings (formely BAA Ltd.) is a Spanish company who operates six British airports (including Heathrow Airport) and Naples Airport in Italy, making the company one of the largest transport companies in the world. BAA comes from British Airports Authority and is owned by a group led by Grupo Ferrovial, a Spanish firm specialising in infrastructure. The company's head office is in The Compass Centre on the grounds of London Heathrow Airport in the London Borough of Hillingdon.

Heathrow Airport Holdings makes money from charging landing fees to airlines and from areas such as retail and property. BAA does not operate all UK airports - most are in the ownership of local authorities or other corporations.

Heathrow Airport Holdings was once a listed on the FTSE 100 Index but is now owned by FGP TopCo Limited, an international group, which includes Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec and GIC Special Investments, that is led by the Spanish Ferrovial Group.

Aberdeen Airport

Aberdeen Airport is an international airport in Aberdeen, Scotland.

It is about 5 nautical miles (5.8 miles or 9.3 km) northwest of Aberdeen city centre. 2.76 million passengers used Aberdeen Airport in 2010, a reduction of 7.4% from 2009. It is the 15th busiest airport in the UK. The airport was the second busiest airport in Scotland, and sixth busiest in the United Kingdom by number of flights in 2010.

The airport is owned and operated by BAA, which is a Spanish company. It operates six British airports, including Heathrow Airport.

Aberdeen Airport is a base for BMI Regional (part of BMI) and Eastern Airways. The Airport is also the main heliport for the Scottish offshore oil industry. 

The airport has one main passenger terminal, serving scheduled and charter holiday flights. There are three terminals for North Sea helicopter operations, used by Bristow Helicopters, CHC-Scotia, and Bond Offshore Helicopters. There is also a small terminal next to the main passenger terminal, Broomfield House, used for oil company charter flights to Scatsta in Shetland, operated by Eastern Airways.

Aberdeen Airport has the world's largest commercial heliport which has more than 400,000 passengers each year.

With the newer aircraft, helicopters can reach the northern most platforms on both the East and west of Shetland areas. However, helicopters often use Wick, Kirkwall, Scatsa and Sumburgh for refuelling stops.

Heliport

A heliport is a small airport only for use by helicopters. Heliports normally contain one or more helipads and may have limited facilities such as fuel, lighting, a windsock, or even hangars. In larger towns and cities, customs facilities may be available at a heliport. 

The early supporters of helicopters hoped that heliports would become popular, but they have not been popular in urban areas due to the unpleasant noise caused by helicopter traffic.

In a large metropolis, a heliport can serve passengers needing to quickly move within the city or to outlying regions. Generally heliports can be situated closer to a town or city centre than an airport for fixed-wing aircraft. The advantage in flying by helicopter to a destination or even to the city's main airport is that travel can be much faster than driving. As an example, the Downtown Manhattan Heliport in New York City provides scheduled service to John F. Kennedy International Airport and is used to move wealthy persons and important goods quickly to destinations as far away as Maryland.

Some skyscrapers feature rooftop helipads or heliports to serve the transport needs of executives or clients. The U.S. Bank Tower in Los Angeles is an example. Police departments use heliports as a base for police helicopters, and larger department may have a dedicated one such as the LAPD Hooper Heliport.

Helipads are common features at hospitals where they serve to facilitate MEDEVACs or air ambulance transfers of patients to trauma units or to accept patients from remote areas without local hospitals or facilities capable of providing the level of emergency care required. In urban environments, these heliports are typically located on the roof of the hospital.

Heliports have no orientation and are not numbered in a standard fashion like runways. In some US cities it is standard to paint the maximum allowable weight of a helicopter in thousands of pounds. Thus, a "12" in a circle designates that the maximum landing weight is 12,000 lbs.

Some Canadian hospital heliports have a cross and some have the letter "H" in the middle.

Heliport lighting normally consists of a circle or square of inset lights around the surface called the TLOF (touchdown and lift-off area) and another around the overall landing area called the FATO (final approach and takeoff area). The later encompasses the TLOF as well and the lights may be elevated or inset. Both sets of lights are now recommended to be green by the International Civil Aviation Organization and Federal Aviation Administration. Yellow (amber) was the former standard and is still preferred in many locations. There is a great deal of variance in color depending on the owner and jurisdiction. These lights were traditionally incandescent but are now increasingly light-emitting diodes with brightness control. The TLOF and FATO lights may be supplemented with surface flood lights. A lighted wind cone is necessary. At ground-based locations, a row of lead-in lights in the preferred direction of approach is sometimes used. Visual slope guidance systems (such as HAPI, PAPI, etc.) are recommended in both ICAO and FAA documents but are rarely deployed due to the high cost relative to the rest of the lighting system. While airports commonly use 6.6A direct current power, heliport lighting is normally AC powered. Radio control of the lighting by the pilot via an automated ground-based controller is also common.



Grammatical person

In grammar, a person is the way of referring to someone taking part in an event, such as the person talking, the person being talked to, the person being talked about. Grammatical persons are accomplished by pronouns, words used to take the place of a noun, in order to make speech easier.

The first person is the speaker referring to himself or herself. The second person is the person whom someone is speaking to or writing to.

Very few nouns are second-person nouns because people do not usually talk directly to things like tables. In fact, in English, just about the only kind of nouns that are second-person is a small group of pronouns that can be seen in the table below.

Sometimes, a person's name is used in the second person, but that's usually just with a baby. For example, instead of saying "you sit here", one could say "Charlie sits here".

In English grammar, people do not usually have to do anything special to the verb if they use a second-person noun as a subject. In fact, the verb "be" is the only verb that has a special form for the second person: "are". In other languages such as French though, verbs change in different ways to match the subject. In this table, "tu" and "vous" are the second-person pronouns. We can see how the verb "parler" (talk) changes when people use them.

Ballarat Airport

Ballarat Airport or Ballarat Aerodrome, is at Mitchell Park an outer suburb of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia.

Pilots were first trained on the Ballarat Common in 1914-15. In 1934 a tin hangar was built.

In 1940, in World War II, the site was taken over by the Australian government and a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) airfield known as Empire Air Training Scheme No 1 Wireless Air Gunners School was begun (EATS 1 WAGS) at the Ballarat Showgrounds on 22 April 1940.

The hangar was moved to the Commonwealth Flax Mill, and four Bellman Hangars and numerous "P"-type hut buildings were erected. In mid-1940 the Wireless Air Gunners School moved to the aerodrome. At first the wireless operators were mainly trained in panel vans, but from mid 1941, they used CAC Wackett trainer aircraft.

No 1 WAGS was disbanded on 31 December 1945.

The RAAF continued to use the airfield as its Radio School until 1961. The Shire of Ballarat took over the airport as a civil airport and kept many of the hangars and other structures. Most of the P Huts were sold by the Australian government.

The site was listed on the Victorian Heritage Register in 2007 because of its history with the Empire Air Training Scheme in Victoria.

The airport still has an important role in emergency services operation, civil operation, and flight training. Many community groups and organisations use the old buildings.

The airfield was also used for motor sport, starting on Australia Day in 1947 when it held its first motor race meeting. In February there was an International Formula Libre race, which was attended by some European Formula 1 teams. BRM factory drivers Dan Gurney and Graham Hill finished first and second in the major race, the Victoria Trophy with Ron Flockhart third in a Cooper. On the night before the race Gurney's car was stolen from its hangar and driven into or hidden with, hay bales out on the track.



Buchanan Field Airport

Buchanan Field Airport is an airport in Contra Costa County, California, United States. It is 27 nautical miles (50 km) northeast of San Francisco International Airport. The airport has a control tower and a lot of general aviation traffic. More than 500 aircraft are based on the field (mostly single-engine).

In 1942, Contra Costa County paid $88,000 for land to build an airport in the county. The airport was being developed when World War II started. The United States Army Air Forces took over the land. The Army added more land and built the airport. They also built a training base for pilots. The base was called Concord Army Airfeld.

In 1946, the War Assets Administration (WAA) gave the airport back to the County. In August 1946, the airport name was changed to honor County Supervisor William J. Buchanan, who was a board member for more than forty years. The airport was still sometimes used by the U.S. Army to move soldiers, especially during the Korean War.

In 1977, Buchanan Field was its busiest, with 357,000 total operations. That made it the 16th busiest airport in the United States, ahead of San Francisco International Airport, John F. Kennedy International Airport, and LaGuardia Airport. During this time people were worried about noise from the airplanes, so in 1988 the county made a law against some kinds of airplanes flying into Buchanan Field.

Starting in the 1990s, the county started planning to build more businesses near the airport. Some of the businesses built were Sams Club, Taco Bell, Sports Authority, and Jiffy Lube. People might try to close this airport in the future. That is because people would like to use the land it is on for other things, because it is in the middle of the city of Concord with no room to grow, and because the airplane noise bothers people. The county has built a new airport in Byron in the eastern part of the county.

On December 23, 1985, a small plane crashed into the roof of the Macy's Department Store at nearby Sunvalley Mall. The pilot and two passengers were killed. 84 shoppers in the mall were hurt, mostly from burning fuel. Four of the shoppers died later from their injuries. The accident made more people be against the airport. Pacific Southwest Airlines delayed scheduled passenger service that had been planned to start in January 1986.

Another plane crashed on April 13, 2004, just after leaving Buchanan Field. The plane landed on a minivan on Interstate 680 in Pleasant Hill. The crash almost severed the left leg of a 12-year-old girl. The crash was the fault of a mechanic who had worked on the plane.

On December 21, 2006, another plane crashed. It was flying too low and ran into the ground. The plane hit Highway 4. It crashed between the highway and Marsh Drive. Three passengers were killed instantly, and another passenger died after surgery.

Flights to San Francisco started in 1969, but were stopped by 1980. On May 1, 1986, Pacific Southwest Airlines (PSA) started flights from Buchanan Field to Los Angeles International Airport. PSA offered several round trips each day using airplanes that had 100 seats. In 1987, USAir took over those flights after buying PSA. That year, USAir said that it was stopping most of the West Coast flights that it got from PSA. This included Concord, where flights ended in 1992.


Naval Air Station Oceana

Naval Air Station Oceana or NAS Oceana is a military airport. It is in Virginia Beach, Virginia. NAS Oceana is a United States Navy "Master Jet Base". It is also known as Apollo Soucek Field. It was named after Lieutenant (later Admiral) Apollo Soucek. He was a Navy test pilot who set the world altitude record in 1930. Soucek flew a Curtiss "Hawk" biplane to an altitude of 43,166 feet. NAS Oceana is the only Master Jet Base on the East Coast.

In 1940, the U.S. Navy got the land that would become Naval Air Station Oceana. The nearby area was mostly farmland that flooded easily. It was useful as a second airfield to support the growing Naval Air Force at NAS Norfolk. It also let units get ready for deployments away from the crowded base there. NAS Norfolk could not be the home station for tactical air units because of problems with airspace. Much of its airspace is shared with the Norfolk International Airport. In the 1950s, NAS Oceana was made larger and given Master Jet Base status to be the home for the tactical air units. NAS Oceana has grown to become one of the largest air stations in the world. It covers an area of . Area around the base was cleared to remove obstructions and make flight easier at the base. This adds an additional to the area of the base. The bass has four runways. They are laid out in two pair forming a cross. Three of the runways are in length. The other is . They are designed for high-performance aircraft. NAS Oceana's main mission is to train and house the Navy's Atlantic Fleet strike fighter squadrons of F/A-18 Hornets and Super Hornets. Naval Aviators and Naval Flight Officers at NAS Oceana fly about 219,000 training operations each year.

On a Navy Master Jet Base, all aircraft at one base are usually of the same Type/Model/Series (T/M/S). That airfield also has the maintenance and training facilities for that type of aircraft. NAS Oceana had two types normally. It had a fighter and Attack aircraft section. In the 1960s, NAS Oceana became the home to all East Coast based F-4 Phantom II squadrons. Fighter Squadron 101 (VF-101) created a detachment at NAS Oceana. It served as the "Fleet Readiness Squadron" (FRS). It trained pilots and other crew members to operate the Phantom. It also trained the people who repaired the aircraft. After the F-14 Tomcat began being used in 1976, VF-101 changed to using and training people to use Tomcats. Phantom training operations moved to Fighter Squadron 171 (VF-171). VF-171 dealt with Atlantic Fleet training for the F-4 Phantom until it was no longer used in 1984. The last F-14 was retired on 22 September 2006. At one time, all of the Atlantic Fleet's A-6 Intruder attack squadrons were also home-based at NAS Oceana. VA-42 was the Fleet Readiness Squadron that trained all east coast A-6 pilots, bombardier/navigators and A-6 maintenance personnel. The A-6E was no longer used in the Fleet in 1997.

NAS Oceana became home to the F/A-18 Hornet in 1999 after NAS Cecil Field, Florida was closed.

NAS Oceana is home to seventeen strike fighter squadrons of F/A-18 Hornets and F/A-18 Super Hornets. The base is the only East Coast Master Jet Base. It is home to all the east coast strike-fighter (VFA) units except VFA-86 and Marine Corps VMFA squadrons. VFA-106 Gladiators are in charge of training. They use F/A-18C/D Hornets and F/A-18E/F Super Hornets.

Tomcat training was done by the VF-101 "Grim Reapers". NAS Oceana was host to the "Tomcat Sunset" reunion from 21–23 September 2006. Over 3000 former and current aircrew and maintainers came together to celebrate the retirement of the F-14 from active use. NAS Oceana was where the F-14 took off for the last time for final flight. The F-14D, Bureau Number (BuNo) 164603, Modex 101, of Fighter Squadron31 (VF-31) was flew from NAS Oceana to Calverton on Long Island, NY. It was put on display at the Northrop Grumman facilities where the Tomcat was first built.

During the 2005 BRAC base closures, it was decided that NAS Oceana could stay open only if some conditions were met. The largest problem was that the city of Virginia Beach had to buy and destroy about 3,400 houses and an unknown number of businesses near the base. These buildings were in the "Crash zone", the area most likely to be the site of an accident on landing. The fighters would likely have been moved to NAS Cecil Field near Jacksonville, Florida if NAS Oceana was not able to meet the conditions. The plan was well liked by Jacksonville Mayor John Peyton. The Navy decided it did not like the idea of moving the Master Jet Base to the Jacksonville area. On 20 December 2005 the Virginia Beach passed many ordinances to do what BRAC wanted, but did not destroy any of the homes.

NAS Oceana has been an possible landing site for NASA's Space Shuttle if needed.

In addition to the squadrons listed, there are many other commands at Oceana:


Strike Fighter Wing Atlantic


Mikawa Province

Mikawa had borders with Owari, Mino, Shinano, and Tōtōmi Provinces.

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between the Imperial capital at Kyoto and the main city of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The road passed through Mikawa.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Mikawa Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Toga jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Mikawa. 


]
Costa Concordia

MS Costa Concordia is a cruise ship. Costa Cruises, a subsidiary of British-American Carnival Corporation & Plc, owns and operates the ship. The name "Concordia" was meant to express the wish for "continuing harmony, unity, and peace between European nations."

She is the first vessel of the "Concordia" ship class. There are sister ships built for Carnival Cruise Lines. "Costa Concordia" entered service in July 2006. It was one of the largest ships to be built in Italy, at GT 114,500. The later was "Carnival Dream" class weighed 130,000 GRT, and was built in Fincantieri.

On 22 November 2008, "Costa Concordia" suffered damage to her bow when high winds over the Sicilian city of Palermo pushed the ship against its dock. There were no injuries and repairs started soon after.

On 13 January 2012, the "Costa Concordia" ran aground and partially sank on the western coast of Italy just off the shore of Isola del Giglio. Of the 4,200 passengers and crew, at least eleven people were killed, including ten passengers and one crew member and 23 still missing. The situation is still ongoing. People were angry with the ship's captain because he left the ship. He was supposed to stay on the ship and help the other passengers get off safely. The captain's "error" took the ship off of its programmed route.

Owari Province

The ancient capital of Owari was near Inazawa

The province was created in 646.

In the Sengoku Period, Oda Nobunaga held Kiyosu Castle.

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between the Imperial capital at Kyoto and the main city of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The road passed through Owari.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Owari Province were reformed in the 1870s.

Owari and Mino provinces were separated by the Sakai River.

"Masumida jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Owari. 


Barwon Heads Airport

Barwon Heads Airport is a small airfield used only for light aircraft on the Bellarine Peninsula near the township of Barwon Heads, Victoria, Australia. It is mainly used for scenic tourist flights, private aircraft and flight training.

The airport is small and undeveloped. In 2008 five new hangars and new carparking was built.

The airport has a flight training school with two classrooms, fuel facilities and a seafood shop. There are showers and toilets in the terminal building. other facilities include a kitchen, snack and drink machines, and a lounge area.

The airport has two runways, the main one is a gravel north/south runway. There is a smaller east/west grass runway, mainly used by ultralight aircraft, and light aircraft in stronger wind conditions.

The owners of Barwon Heads Airport have tried to stop skydiving near the airport. They think the airport runway is too close to the proposed drop zones. In 2005, a ban was placed on skydiving near the airport. In 2008, airport owners said the company Skydive City was using an illegal runway 200 metres from the airport. Skydive City had been forced out of an airport hangar for not paying rent. Airport owners said the illegal runway was dangerous for airport users.


Inna

Elena Alexandra Apostoleanu (born October 16, 1986) known as Inna is a singer from Romania. She became famous after the first single "Hot" in 2008. The song was a hit in 2009 and in 2010 in the United Kingdom, France and other countries from Europe. The first single to be #1 in Romania was "Amazing" (2009) and another hit is "Sun Is Up" (2010). In 2011 Inna and Flo Rida had a song "Club Rocker", it was not a success. She is famous in Mexico too. She has over 4,000,000 fans on Facebook and over 500,000,000 views on YouTube.

Inna was born as Elena Alexandra Apostoleanu on 16 October, 1986 in Neptun a town in Romania. The town is next to the Black Sea and Inna knows to swim very well. She was not the best student in highschool. She loved music and Christina Aguilera or Rihanna. In 2007/2008 she met Play & Win, three boys who write music. They recorded some songs that are not successful. She was in Eurovision Song Contest in 2008, but nobody knew her. The name Inna comes from her grandfather. He called her Inna but he died before she got famous. She lives with her bichon Bobo. She says she doesn't have a boyfriend.
Inna has two albums. In 2009 the first album ""Hot"" was out. The album had four singles: "Hot", "Love", "Amazing" and "10 Minutes". The second album is "I Am the Club Rocker" and it is from 2011 and it has 14 songs and singles: "Sun Is Up", "Club Rocker", "Un Momento" and "Endless".

Inna had tours. She went to: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, France, Greece, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Russia, Spain, Switzerland, Slovakia, Netherlands and the UK and to Mexico before her birthday in 2011. She had the biggest concert in Romania for a Romanian person since 2005, in May 2011. She planned to go to US in 2012.

She has over 10 music videos filmed in: Romania, Portugal, UK, France, Spain or Bulgaria.

She won a lot of prizes including: 12 Romanian Music Awards, 2 MTV Europe Music Awards and 1 nomination at the NRJ Music Awards in France, 2011.

In Romania: 5 TOP 10, 10 TOP 100 (1 #1)

In France: 5 TOP 10, 7 TOP 100

In Switzerland: 2 TOP 10, 5 TOP 75 (1 #1)

In UK: 1 TOP 10, 5 TOP 75 (1 #1, IN UK DANCE CHART)

In US: #1 – Dance Chart – "Hot", 2010

In Bulgaria: 4 TOP 10, 10 TOP 40 (1 #1)

In Spain: 1 TOP 10, 5 TOP 50 (1 #1)

In Belgium: 3 TOP 10, 7 TOP 50

In Holland: 3 TOP 19, 8 TOP 100

In Europe: 2 TOP 10, 4 TOP 100

The albums: "Hot" - #1 in: UK DANCE, Romania. "I Am the club rocker" only top 10 in Mexico.


All's Well That Ends Well (album)

All's Well That Ends Well is the first album by American post-hardcore band Chiodos. It was released through Equal Vision Records in July 2005. Four music videos for the songs "One Day All Women Will Become Monsters", "The Words 'Best Friend' Become Redefined", "Baby, You Wouldn't Last a Minute on the Creek", and "All Nereids Beware" have been produced for the of the album. The album has sold more than 200,000 copies as of 2008.





Album

Liz Bonnin

Liz Bonnin is a French television presenter. She was born on 16 September 1976 in France. She works for the BBC.

Rafael Cortez

Rafael de Faria Cortez (born October 25, 1976 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian journalist, actor and comedian. He graduated in journalism from PUC-SP and since 2008 is a reporter the TV Show "Custe o Que Custar".


Custe o Que Custar

Custe o Que Custar (in English, Whatever it Takes, represented by the acronym CQC) is a Brazilian television comedy weekly frequency, produced by Eyeworks and aired by Rede Bandeirantes from March 17, 2008. It is presented by Marcelo Tas, you have in your bankroll Marco Luque and Rafinha Bastos. The reports are in charge of Rafael Cortez, Felipe Andreoli, Oscar Filho, Monica Iozzi and Mauricio Meirelles.

The format is a native of Argentina under the name "Caiga Quien Caiga" and appears that way since 1995 in the country by Telefe.


Vibe (magazine)

Vibe is a music magazine that is published in the United States. "Vibe" was founded by Quincy Jones and focuses on rhythm and blues and hip-hop music singers. "Vibe" is published bi-monthly from New York City. As of 2007, "Vibe" has a circulation of 800,000. The "Vibe" Awards is aired annually, which began in 2003, on the UPN channel.


Oscar Robertson

Oscar Palmer Robertson (born November 24, 1938) is a retired NBA basketball player. His nickname is the Big "O". He played at the guard position for the Cincinnati Royals from 1960 to 1970 and for the Milwaukee Bucks from 1970 to 1974. He is in the NBA basketball's Hall of Fame.

Robertson won an NBA championship with the Bucks in 1971, and won the NBA's Most Valuable Player award in 1964. He was also named to the All-NBA First Team nine times, and was an NBA All-Star twelve times.

NBA 2K12

NBA 2K12 is an NBA basketball video game developed by Visual Concepts and made by 2KSports. It was released in October 2011 for Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, Wii, Microsoft Windows, and for the first time, iOS. The thirteenth installment in the "NBA 2K" series, it is the successor to "NBA 2K11" and the predecessor to "NBA 2K13". For the first time in the series, three different covers are available. The three retired athletes are: Michael Jordan of the Chicago Bulls, Magic Johnson of the Los Angeles Lakers, and Larry Bird of the Boston Celtics. Jordan was also the cover athlete of the previous game. This was the last installment in the series to be released for the PlayStation 2.

Sacramento River

The Sacramento River is the longest river in California in the United States. It flows through the Sacramento Valley in northern California, and is about long. The Sacramento has many tributaries, including the Pit, Feather and American Rivers. Cities along the river include Redding and Sacramento.

Native people have lived in the region for about 12,000 years. The Sacramento River's tributaries were the focus of the California Gold Rush, which brought many settlers to the area in the 1800s. Today, the river is used as a source of irrigation water and to produce hydroelectricity. 



Mackenzie River

The Mackenzie River is a major river in northern Canada. It is named after famous explorer, Alexander Mackenzie. The river's watershed drains parts of Alberta, British Columbia, the Northwest Territories, Saskatchewan, and the Yukon. It flows north, for , from Great Slave Lake to the Arctic Ocean. There are only a few small towns on the river, including Fort Providence and Norman Wells. The river is used as a boat transport route during the ice-free summer.

Tributaries of the river include the Liard, Keele, Great Bear, Arctic Red and Peel Rivers. The Slave River, Peace River and Athabasca River provide most of the water in Great Slave Lake.

Katey Sagal

Catherine Louise "Katey" Sagal (born January 19, 1954) is an American actress and singer-songwriter. She is best known for playing the role of Peggy Bundy on the Fox comedy series "Married... with Children" and the voice of Leela on the animated series "Futurama". She was nominated for four Golden Globe Awards for "Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy" and two American Comedy Awards for her work on "Married... with Children".

Sagal has been the voice of "Futurama" and its direct-to-DVD movies since 1999. She is also known for starring on the series "8 Simple Rules" in the role of Cate Hennessy. She worked on that series with John Ritter until his death. Sagal took over as the series' lead character after the death of Ritter.

Since 2008, she has played the role of matriarch Gemma Teller Morrow in the FX drama series "Sons of Anarchy". She won a Golden Globe Award for "Best Actress – Television Series Drama" in 2011 for this part. She has been married to the creator of the series, Kurt Sutter, since 2004.

Sagal was born in California to a show business family of five children. Her younger sisters Jean and Liz Sagal. They are a pair of twins who also act. Her brother is actor Joe Sagal. Her mother, Sara Zwilling was a writer and producer. Sagal's father, Boris Sagal was a director. Sagal grew up in Brentwood, Los Angeles.

Sagal began her career in Hollywood. She was in many made for TV movies between 1971 and 1975. These included a small role as a receptionist in the "Columbo" episode "Candidate for Crime" which was directed by her father. In 1973, she also worked as a backing vocalist for different singers, including Bob Dylan and Tanya Tucker.

In 1978, Kiss bassist Gene Simmons asked her to sing background vocals on his solo album. During this time she was also a member of the rock group The Group With No Name. She also sang backup for Bette Midler. Midler hired her for her 1979 tour as one of The Harlettes. In 1981, Sagal was a backup singer on the Molly Hatchet album "Take No Prisoners".

Sagal returned to television in 1985. She was in the series "Mary" starring Mary Tyler Moore. This led to her being cast as Peggy Bundy on the sitcom "Married... with Children" (1987–1997). She played the part of a lower-class, sex-starved wife of shoe salesman Al Bundy. During her audition, Sagal brought her own red bouffant wig. That look for the character was used in the series. As Peg, she wore the wig, capri-length leggings with a large belt, and high heels. These were all fashions from the 1960s. The series was broadcast for eleven years.

After the end of "Married... with Children", Sagal did many more television movies. She also did some acting on children's cartoon "Recess". She played the voice of Spinelli's mother. In 1999, Matt Groening cast her as the cyclopian spaceship captain, Leela, in his science fiction cartoon comedy "Futurama". The show had a cult following but was ended after five years. However, airings in syndication on Adult Swim. The series was later broadcast on Comedy Central. This caused the popularity of the show to grow. Comedy Central decided to have a series of "Futurama" direct-to-DVD movies made. These were broadcast by the network as 16 episodes. Sagal played the part of Leela in these movies. She also voiced the new season that began June 24, 2010.

Sagal guest starred as Edna Hyde, Steven Hyde's mother, in three episodes of "That '70s Show". She was also in the NBC sitcom "Tucker".

Sagal was cast as the wife of John Ritter in the sitcom "8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter" in 2002. Ritter was in only three episodes of the second season before his death. The show ended in 2005 after its third season.

In 2005, she made was on "Lost" as Helen Norwood. In 2007, she had a role in the season finale of "The Winner". She played the part of Glen Abbot's former, and Josh's current, teacher, with whom Glen has his first sexual experience. The next year, she was in four episodes of the series "Eli Stone". She currently stars as Gemma Teller Morrow on the TV series "Sons of Anarchy". It was created by her husband, Kurt Sutter.

In January 2009, Sagal worked with David Faustino for an episode of Faustino's show "Star-ving". Faustino played her son, Bud Bundy, from "Married with Children". In 2010, she was on "Lost" for two more episodes. In 2009 she was in the movie "House Broken" with Danny DeVito.

In 2010, she returned to the stage in Randy Newman's musical "Harps & Angels".

Sagal was married to Freddie Beckmeier (1978–1981) and Jack White (November 26, 1993–July 24, 2000). In 1991, Sagal learned she was pregnant. The directors of "Married... with Children" wrote her pregnancy into the storyline of the series. In October 1991, she had to have an emergency Caesarean section in her seventh month of pregnancy. The baby, a girl, did not live. The pregnancy on the series was then shown to be a dream. She also had an early miscarriage near this time. She and White did have two children. The writers of "Married... with Children" did not write Sagal's two later pregnancies into the series because of her earlier problems. They chose to only show her where her midsection was not seen.

Sagal married writer-producer Kurt Sutter on October 2, 2004 in Los Feliz, California. They have a daughter, who was born through a surrogate mother.


Slave River

The Slave River is a river of Canada. It begins near Lake Athabasca, where the Peace River and Athabasca River join. Then it flows north into Great Slave Lake. The river's water drains into the Arctic Ocean via the Mackenzie River.

Peace River

The Peace River is a river of Canada. It starts in the mountains of British Columbia, flowing southeast and east into Alberta. There it turns northeast through the Canadian prairies. After a journey of it joins with the Athabasca River, forming the Slave River.

Mehi River

The Mehi River is in northern New South Wales, Australia. It begins at the manmade Tareelaroi Weir and runs into the Barwon River. The Mehi is long. The Mehi River also runs runs through the major town of Moree.

The cotton growing industry gets a lot of its water from the Mehi River. The river is also used for leisure purposes. Water-sking and fishing are popular along the Mehi River.

Broccoflower

Broccoflower is a vegetable. It is either of two plants of the species "Brassica oleracea" with light green heads. The part that can be eaten is the young flower head (inflorescence) of the plant.

There are two forms of "Brassica oleracea" that can be called broccoflower. One is shaped like regular cauliflower. The other has a spiky appearance. They have a color like that of broccoli.

Michael Foot

Michael Foot (23 July 1913 – 3 March 2010) was a British Labour Party politician, journalist and author. 

Foot was born in Plymouth, Devon. He studied Philosophy, Politics and Economics at University of Oxford. He was a journalist from the late 1930s until the early 1960s.

He was a Member of Parliament from 1945–1955 and from 1960–1992. He was deputy leader of the Labour Party from 1976–1980 and Leader of the Opposition from 1980–1983. 

Foot was married to writer Jill Craigie (1911–1999) from 1949 until her death. He was an atheist. 

Foot died at home in Hampstead, north London, on 3 March 2010, aged 96.


Pícara Sonhadora

Pícara Sonhadora is a Brazilian historical telenovela. It was first shown in 2001. The series starred Bianca Rinaldi, Petrônio Gontijo, Karina Bacchi, Vanessa Vholker, Serafim Gonzalez, Mariana du Bois and Luis Carlos de Moraes.

Final Doom

Final Doom is a 1996 first-person shooter video game. It has two 32-level episodes: "TNT: Evilution" by Team TNT, and "The Plutonia Experiment" by Dario and Milo Casali. The game is also available on the PlayStation, including the Doom 2 expansion pack "Master Levels of Doom II".

Newell Highway

The Newell Highway is a major road in New South Wales, Australia. It runs from the Queensland border to the Victoria border. It is new South Wales's longest highway. It is almost long. It is the main road between Brisbane and Melbourne. The Newell Highway runs through some large towns such as Moree, Dubbo, Parkes and Narranderra.

Bob Ross

Robert Norman "Bob" Ross (October 29, 1942 – July 4, 1995) was an American painter, art instructor and television host. Ross is probably best known for hosting and creating the television show, The Joy of Painting. 
He was also in a kids' show called The Adventures of Elmer and Friends, although he died before he could create any more than one episode.

Ross was born in Daytona Beach, Florida, and was raised in Orlando, Florida. At the age of 18, Ross enlisted in the U.S. Air Force. Snow and mountains became a recurring theme in his artwork when the Air Force transferred him to Eielson AFB (in Alaska) and he first saw them. He developed his quick-painting technique in order to be able to create art for sale in short daily work breaks. He discovered that he was able to earn more from selling his work than from his Air Force position and later left the Air Force. After that, he began studying with Bill Alexander before Ross became famous worldwide with his television program, The Joy of Painting.

Norfolk International Airport

Norfolk International Airport is a public airport in Norfolk, Virginia. It is owned by the city of Norfolk. The Norfolk Airport Authority runs the airport. It is a part of the municipal government. The airport is used by the Hampton Roads metropolitan area of southeast Virginia. It is also used by the people of northeast North Carolina.

Norfolk International has almost 80 flights leave each day. These flights to go large cities in the United States. The airport is the third-busiest airport in Virginia. It is the country's 66th largest airport in terms of people using it each year. Over 3.5 million people used the airport in 2009. In June 2011, Norfolk International had 311,000 passengers.

Southwest Airlines, US Airways, Delta Air Lines and American Airlines are the main airlines that use the airport.

Commercial aviation began in the Norfolk area about 1926. Norfolk citizens flew commercially for the first time on the Mitten Line. It was run by Philadelphia Rapid Transit Air Service, Inc. Norfolk International Airport was built in 1938. It had a runway. The first terminal was built by 1940.

During World War II, Norfolk Municipal Airport became important to the war effort. The United States Army Air Corps took control of the airport between 1942–1947. They made the runway longer and built two other runways. This was done to deal with a much larger number of flights and larger aircraft. The Norfolk Fighter Wing was created in August 1942. It providing air defense for the Norfolk area. The 52d Fighter Group was put at the airport after the Pearl Harbor attack in December 1941. Many squadrons were at Norfolk Airport during the early years of the war. This ended at the end of July 1944.

The Army Air Corps gave control of the airport back to the city at the end of 1945. The amount of commercial travel grew quickly with two new airlines having regular flights. In 1948, Piedmont Airlines began flights. That same year, construction began for a larger, more modern terminal building.

In 1950, control of the airport was turned over to the newly created Norfolk Port and Industrial Authority (NPIA). At that time, Norfolk Municipal Airport was one of the busiest in the nation. In 1951, the new terminal was opened.

In the 1960s, the change from propeller aircraft to jets took place. Norfolk Municipal Airport made changes with longer and stronger runways and taxiway facilities. Because of this, in 1968, the airport was the air transportation center for the entire Hampton Roads area. It name was changed to Norfolk Regional Airport. To be ready for large growth over the next three decades, NPIA created a plan that would grow the airport as it entered into the 21st century.

In 1974, the airport opened its new terminal. More land was bought so that the airport could be made larger. In 1976, the airport's name was changed to Norfolk International Airport. Federal customs facilities were added. New buildings were built to hold the fire station, maintenance depot and ATC tower. One of the problems the airport faced as it grew was dealt with by the nearby Botanical Garden. It created an buffer area between the airport and the city around it. Norfolk International Airport was surrounded by year-round beauty. It was a national role model for dealing with growing air facilities and an ecological sanctuary.

In the 1980s, many changes took place. A new general aviation facility opened. A new air cargo terminal was built as well. More areas for parking were also added. Even the name of the controlling body changed in 1988 - from Norfolk Port and Industrial Authority to Norfolk Airport Authority.

In the 1990s the air cargo terminal and parking facilities were made bigger. In 1991, Norfolk International made the concourses larger. This added 10 additional gates. It now had a total of 24 gates. A new fire station and new FAA air traffic control tower facility were also built.

Norfolk International Airport covers area of . The airfield has a main runway (5-23) which is . Is also has a crosswind runway (14-32) which is . These let almost all commercial aircraft types use the airfield.

The airport plans to destroy the crosswind runway and build a second runway parallel to the main runway 5-23.

In 2006, the airport had 128,715 aircraft operations. It had an average of 352 per day. The breakdown of the types of flights was 44% scheduled commercial, 33% general aviation, 16% air taxi and 8% military. At that time there were 106 aircraft based at this airport. About half of these (51%) were single-engine planes. Of the rest, 30% were multi-engine, 17% jet aircraft and 2% were helicopter.

The FAA Norfolk Air Traffic Control Tower was built in 1995. It is high. The Federal Aviation Administration is in control of the Norfolk Tower. It deals with about 1,100 aircraft each day.

Norfolk International Airport (NIA) has one of the most modern and efficient air cargo facilities in the state of Virginia. About 70 million pounds of air cargo are moved in and out of the Airport each year. The airport is used by many companies with airlines that only move cargo. These include Airborne Express, FedEx, United Parcel Service and the U.S. Postal Service. NIA's two air cargo terminals have of space. An adjacent aircraft ramp gives access from planes to the warehouses.

There are no bus services to and from Norfolk International Airport. The closest bus stop is away.

All ground transportation services are in the arrivals terminal. There are several rental car companies in the terminal and Taxis are usually found at the main entrance.

A nine-floor long-term parking garage is next to the arrivals terminal. It was opened in July 2002. The garage has 2,800 parking spaces.



Absolute monarchy

An absolute monarchy is a form of monarchy where one person, usually called a monarch (or king or queen) holds absolute power. It is in contrast to constitutional monarchy, which is restrained or controlled by other groups of people. Controllers may be an entity such as clergy, lawmakers, social elites or a written constitution. 

One nation though, The Kingdom of Denmark-Norway, had the absolute rule of the monarch written in a constitution named "The King's Law" (Kongeloven). 

A significant number of monarchs were previously absolute rulers within their kingdom, but after the French Revolution (end-18th century) it became ever more common for monarchs to be limited by a constitution.

Nowadays, there are a few absolute monarchies that have been preserved. Some of these remaining absolute monarchies can be found among Arab countries. 

Major histocompatibility complex

A major histocompatibility complex, or MHC, is a molecule on the outside of immune cells such as white blood cells. It is coded for by a large gene family in all vertebrates.

The function of is MHC molecules to sense foreign antigens, and hence the presence of 'foreign' proteins. They bind peptide fragments from pathogens onto their cell surface. Once there, the fragments are recognized by T-cells. Adaptive immunity depends on this reaction.

Two properties of MHC molecules make it difficult for pathogens to dodge the immune response.

1. MHC is polygenic. There are several different genes, so that each person or animal has a set of MHC molecules which bind somewhat different ranges of peptides.

2. The MHC genes are highly polymorphic. This means there are multiple variants alleles of each gene in the population. The polymorphism is so high that in a mixed population there are no two individuals with exactly the same set of MHC genes and molecules, with the exception of identical twins.

Inside a population, the presence of many different alleles means there will almost always be an individual with a specific MHC molecule able to load the correct peptide to recognize a specific microbe. The evolution of the MHC polymorphism means that a population will not succumb to a new pathogen or a mutated one, because at least some individuals will be able to develop an adequate immune response to defeat the pathogen. The variations in the MHC molecules are the result of the inheritance of different MHC molecules.

Transplants are limited to those which get the least reaction from the MHC system in tests of tissue matches.

An autoimmune disease occurs when the immune cells do not recognize the MHC molecules of other cells and starts attacking its own body.

Apollo 8

Apollo 8 was a mission in the Apollo program in December 1968. It was the first crewed spaceflight to leave Earth orbit and first to orbit the Moon. Commander Frank Borman, Pilot Jim Lovell and Bill Anders transmitted a television show while they were in orbit. The Apollo Lunar Module that could land on the Moon had not yet been built, so they went in the Apollo Command/Service Module and photographed and studied the Moon from above. Ten orbits around the Moon took twenty hours. After that, they fired their rockets and returned to Earth.


Kyoko Okazaki

Her work includes

Mashpee, Massachusetts

Mashpee is a town in Massachusetts. The Otis Air National Guard Base is here. Camp Edwards is also in Mashpee.

Bradley Bell

Clinton Bradley David Bell (born March 18, 1983 in Davison, Michigan), is an American keyboardist, pianist, synthesist, and backing vocalist. He is best known for being the keyboardist of post-hardcore band Chiodos. Bell was also the keyboardist of pop punk band Cinematic Sunrise as well as the keyboardist of experimental rock band The Sound of Animals Fighting.

Birmingham Airport

Birmingham Airport is an airport near the City of Birmingham, England.

It is 5.5 nautical miles (6.1 miles or 10.2 kilometers) east southeast of Birmingham city centre. Its local authority is the Metropolitan Borough of Solihull in the West Midlands. 

The airport offers both domestic flights within the UK, and international flights to destinations in Europe, the Middle East, Pakistan, North America and the Caribbean. After handling 9.6 million passengers in 2008, the number of passengers dropped to 8,572,398 in 2010, making Birmingham the seventh busiest UK airport. The airport is a base for Ryanair, and also charter airlines Bmibaby and Thomson Airways. 

Birmingham has a CAA (Civil Aviation Authority) Public Use Aerodrome Licence (Number P451) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction.

The airport has a train station, Birmingham International, that is on the West Coast Main Line. The station is managed by Avanti West Coast. Passengers can catch direct trains to Birmingham city centre, London, Manchester, Liverpool, Glasgow and Edinburgh, run by Avanti West Coast. Trains run by CrossCountry also let passengers catch direct trains to Bournemouth, Plymouth, Bristol, Cardiff, Penzance, Sheffield and Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Trains stopping at local suburban stations also stop at the station, run by West Midlands Trains.

Shima Province

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izu Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Izawanomiya jinja" and "Izawa jinja" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Hōki.



Etta James

Etta James (born Jamesetta Hawkins, January 25, 1938 - January 20, 2012) was an American singer. She was born in Los Angeles, California. Her styles included jazz, blues, soul and R&B. She received many awards during her career. She was active for almost sixty years. James died of leukemia in Riverside, California at 73, just before her 74th birthday. Beyoncé Knowles played James in the 2008 musical "Cadillac Records". James released her last album "The Dreamer" in 2011. The album is a collection of covers.

James won six Grammy Awards. One of them was the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. She was given the award in 2003. James was put in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.

Bend Over and Pray the Lord

Bend Over and Pray the Lord is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi. It was recorded in 1997, but not published. The songs were published in 2012 in collection album "Scarchives Vol. 1". 



Babez for Breakfast

Babez for Breakfast is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.

Tingwall Airport

Tingwall Airport also known as Lerwick/Tingwall Airport, is in Shetland, near its capital Lerwick.

Flights go to and from other islands in Shetland. There is another airport, Sumbugh Airport, which has flights to and from the Scottish mainland.

Tingwall Aerodrome has a CAA Ordinary Licence (Number P614) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction as authorised by the licensee (Shetland Islands Council).

Sumburgh Airport

Sumburgh Airport is the main airport connecting the Shetland Islands with mainland Scotland. It is on the southernmost tip of Shetland, 17 nautical miles (20 miles or 31 km) south of Lerwick. 

The airport is unusual in that it has a 550 metre helicopter runway instead of the usual helipad. The western end of runway 09 crosses the A970 road between Sumburgh and the northern mainland; access is controlled by a level crossing with barriers lowered whenever a flight is taking off or landing.

HIAL receives subsidies from the Scottish Ministers in accordance with Section 34 of the Civil Aviation Act 1982. Annual Reports and Accounts are submitted to the Scottish Ministers.

Sumburgh was a former RAF airfield, with two runways. It saw regular action in World War II. 404 Squadron operated Beaufighter Mark VI and X aircraft from this station on coastal raids against Axis shipping off the coast of Norway and in the North Sea.

List of airports in Japan

List of airports in Japan may be grouped by type and or by location.

In Japan, airports serving civil aviation routes are governed by Japanese law.

The Airport Development Law establishes four classifications for airports.





Some airports in Japan are not within the scope of the Japanese airport statutes. These include U.S. military bases: Kadena Air Base, Iwakuni Air Base and Yokota Air Base.


Håkan Juholt

Håkan Juholt (born 16 September 1962 in Oskarshamn, Sweden) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician and the former head of the Swedish Social Democratic Workers' Party. He has been a member of the Swedish Riksdag since 1994 representing Kalmar län, and has also worked as a photographer and journalist. He resigned from the post as leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Workers' Party nine months after being chosen for the post in March 2011.

Kansai International Airport

The airport is on an artificial island in Osaka Bay, southwest of Ōsaka Station.

It opened 4 September 1994, and the gross area is 1,068ha. This airport has two runways. One is 3500m×60m, and the other is 4000×60m.
In 2011, the total number of passengers was 13,651,184 (9,902,449 were international and 3,748,735 were domestic), and of landing was 53,899 (38,252 were international and 15,647 were domestic).



List of aviation terms

The following is a list of terms commonly used in Aviation.




Stornoway Airport

Stornoway Airport is an airfield on the Outer Hebrides Isle of Lewis. It is about 2 nautical miles (2.2 miles; 3.7 km) east of Stornoway, the biggest town on the island.

The Royal Air Force maintained an RAF airbase at the site of the airport until 1998.

Stornoway Airport is owned by HIAL, a company controlled by the Scottish Government. The airfield was first opened in 1937, and used mainly for military purposes. NATO aircraft used the airport for missions over the North Atlantic and for stop overs to Greenland and the United States. 

Nowadays the airfield is mainly used for domestic passenger services. The Royal Mail also operates a daily mail flight. CHC Helicopters operate two Sikorsky S-92 helicopters, equipped for search and rescue on behalf of the Coastguard. The helicopter crews have flown on over 3,100 callouts since the establishment of the service in May 1987. There are also several privately owned light aircraft based at the airport.

Stornoway Airport was also the location of an emergency landing made by an American Airlines Boeing twin-engined 767 jet, on its way from Sweden to Chicago in April 2001, due to a medical emergency on board. It stayed at the airport for 2 days.

Flights to Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Inverness and Benbecula are regular.

Canberra International Airport

Canberra International Airport , known as Canberra Airport, is the airport for Australia's capital city, Canberra, and the city of Queanbeyan, NSW. It is in North Canberra. Canberra Airport is the 8th busiest airport in Australia. The airport is also the base for Brindabella Airlines. Canberra is an international airport. 

Canberra Airport is managed and operated by the Canberra Airport Group Pty Ltd. The Airport has two runways, the 17/35 and the 12/30. Flights in and out of the airport are mainly to and from eastern Australia. Canberra Airport handled more than three million passengers in 2009. Since 2009, the Canberra Airport Main Terminal is being rebuilt and should be completed in 2012. The Southern Extension of the new terminal was completed in November 2010. The Western Extension has not been started.

The Airport is about 8–10 minutes drive from the city centre, 15 minutes from the suburb of Gungahlin and 10 minutes from Queanbeyan. Travel times can be much longer at peak times due to traffic congestion.

The land is currently divided into five areas:

The airport was built in the 1920s, not long after the National Capital site was decided. In 1939, the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) took over the airport, but kept an area for civil aviation.

On 13 August 1940, in Canberra air disaster, a RAAF Lockheed Hudson flying from Melbourne crashed into a small hill east of the airport. Four crew and six passengers were killed. The Chief of the General Staff and three Federal Government ministers were among the dead. James Fairbairn, Minister for Air and Civil Aviation, also died. The Fairbairn Airbase was named after him. In 1962 the military side of the Airport was renamed RAAF Base Fairbairn. The north-east part of the Airport is called the Fairbairn Business Park.

Canberra International Airport Pty Ltd took over the airport in 1998. They leased the RAAF area to the Department of Defence. It was closed as a RAAF base in 2003, (although No. 34 Squadron RAAF remains based there). The RAAF area was renamed Defence Establishment Fairbairn.

Redevelopment of the Airport, including new terminal buildings, started in 1998. In early December 2007, plans were announced to construct a new terminal, but these plans were placed on hold in late 2008. A 600m extension to the airport's runway and upgrades to runway systems were completed in 2006.



Chūbu International Airport

The airport is south of Nagoya in central Japan.



Amir Talai

Amir Talai (born June 24, 1977) is an Iranian-American actor, singer, voice artist, writer, and activist. He is well known for playing a variety of characters in movies and television shows.On Saturday, October 14, it was announced that he will be part of the main cast of the adults series Hazbin Hotel, participating as Alastor. "He just makes funny voices".

Talai was born and raised in San Francisco, CA and is the first child of Iranian immigrants, Mohammad and Sima Talai. He speaks English, Persian, and French. Talai attended a French immersion school through 8th grade, after which he attended Lowell High School. He received a degree from UC Berkeley with a major in Mass Communications and a minor in Dramatic Arts.

Talai lives in Los Angeles, CA with his wife Nina Manni, who he married in 2011.

Talai began working as an actor in San Francisco after graduating from UC Berkeley. He later moved to Los Angeles, where he enrolled in The Groundlings, eventually joining the Groundlings Sunday Company. His two big breaks were The Comeback and Campus Ladies, both cult shows with poor ratings but a substantial number of fans in Hollywood. Talai has more than 125 film, TV, and voice-over credits, making him arguably the most prolific Iranian-American actor of his generation. Notable credits include What To Expect When You’re Expecting, Harold and Kumar Escape From Guantanamo Bay, LA to Vegas, How I Met Your Mother, Bones, American Horror Story, and The Shrink Next Door.

Talai has performed in musicals since high school, and has performed on stage regionally including at the Hollywood Bowl in Guys and Dolls and Annie and at the Paris Las Vegas Resort in the Queen jukebox musical We Will Rock You.

Talai has been outspoken on social media in regard to racism, misogyny, gun control, worker’s rights, and other issues. He has volunteered with numerous Democratic campaigns since 2004. At the 2017 Women’s March, Talai carried a sign that read A photo of the sign went viral and was subsequently featured in numerous books, textbooks, and articles.

Talai has written about depictions of Middle Eastern people for Vulture and Buzzfeed News, calling attention to the whitewashing of Middle Eastern actors and the dearth of opportunities for Middle Eastern actors to play roles that don’t involve terrorism or Islam.


Haneda Airport

The airport is in Ōta, Tokyo, south of Tokyo Station. Access to the airport by train starts at Hamamatsucho Station or at Shinagawa Station.




Washington Dulles International Airport

Washington Dulles International Airport is a public airport in Dulles, Virginia. It is west of Washington, D.C. The airport serves the Baltimore-Washington DC-Northern Virginia metropolitan area and the District of Columbia. It is named after John Foster Dulles. He was the Secretary of State under Dwight D. Eisenhower. The Dulles main terminal is a well-known landmark it was designed by Eero Saarinen. The airport is run by the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority. Dulles Airport covers an area of . It is on the border of Fairfax County and Loudoun County, Virginia.

Dulles lies in two unincorporated communities, Chantilly and Dulles. It is west of Herndon and southwest of Sterling. Washington Dulles Airport is the largest airport in the Washington metropolitan area. It is one of the nation's busiest airports. The airport has over 23 million passengers a year. Daily, more than 60,000 passengers leave Washington Dulles to more than 125 destinations around the world. Dulles is the busiest airport in Virginia. It is also the busiest in the Baltimore Washington Metropolitan Area. It is accessible via the Washington Metro's Silver line.

At the end of World War II, growth in aviation and in the Washington metropolitan area caused Congress to pass the Washington Airport Act of 1950. This provided the money for a second airport. The location was selected by President Dwight Eisenhower in 1958.



Dulles has been used for many Washington based movies. This started soon after it opened with the 1964 movie "Seven Days in May". The 1983 comedy "D.C. Cab", starring Mr. T, Adam Baldwin and Gary Busey showed scenes outside of the main terminal at Dulles Airport. The action movie "" takes place mainly at Dulles airport. The plot of the movie deals with the takeover of the airport's tower and communication systems by terrorists. The movie was not filmed at Dulles. Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) and the now-closed Stapleton International Airport in Denver were used. Part of the thriller "The Package" (starring Gene Hackman and Tommy Lee Jones) took place at Dulles. Again it was not filmed in Dulles. Chicago's O'Hare International Airport was used in its place.
Portions of all three sequels to the disaster film "Airport" were filmed at Dulles: "Airport 1975", with Charlton Heston, Karen Black and George Kennedy; "Airport '77", with Jack Lemmon, Christopher Lee and George Kennedy; and "The Concorde ... Airport '79". Dulles was the site filmed as a New York City airport, in the 1999 comedy, "Forces of Nature". The airport is also shown in the movie "Body of Lies." In the scene, Leonardo DiCaprio says he is in "Dubai International" on the phone. The curved roof and windows on the upper deck of the Dulles departures area can be seen behind him. The terminal can also be seen in the movie "In The Line of Fire" starring Clint Eastwood.

Dulles is used in many episodes of the television series "The X-Files".


Ketone

A ketone is an organic compound that has a carbon atom with a double bond to an oxygen atom (this is called carbonyl functional group). This carbon atom must also have single bonds to two other carbon atoms.

A ketone can be produced by oxidating a secondary alcohol. 

A ketone will show a strong peak between 1690 and 1715cm using infrared spectroscopy.

Norman Lamont

Norman Stewart Hughson Lamont, Baron Lamont of Lerwick (born 8 May 1942) is a British politician. He was born in the Shetland Islands. He read Economics at the University of Cambridge. He was the Member of Parliament for Kingston-upon-Thames from 1972-1997. He was Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1990-1993. He was made a life peer in July 1998. He is the director of an investment company.

Moorabbin Airport

Moorabbin (Harry Hawker) Airport is an airport for light aircraft located in Mentone, Victoria, Australia. The airport is a suburb, with its own postcode "3194". The airport opened in December 1949. It was going to be called "Mentone" but this was too similar to the then French airport Menton. The name Cheltenham was too similar to the UK airport Gloucester/Cheltenham. The name comes from the nearby suburb of Moorabbin, Victoria. Moorabbin Airport is the third busiest airport in Australia by aircraft movements.

Moorabbin Airport has five intersecting runways, an air museum, helicopter terminals, a control tower and several flight training facilities. Moorabbin Airport serves the general aviation needs for the south-eastern of Melbourne and King Island.

The nearest train station is Cheltenham, about from the airport.

Bus services run along Centre Dandenong Rd at the northern boundary connecting to a number of rail stations including Hampton, Highett and Dandenong. Nearest freeway is Eastlink about to the east.


In 2006 Moorabbin Airport was named "Australian Regional Airport of the Year"


Airport terminal

An airport terminal is a building at an airport. It is where passengers are able to get on and off aircraft. Inside the terminal, passengers can buy tickets, leave or pick up their luggage, and be checked by security staff. The buildings that provide access to the airplanes through gates are usually called concourses. However, the words "terminal" and "concourse" are sometimes used to mean the same thing.
Small airports have only one terminal, while large airports can have several terminals and/or concourses. At small airports, the single terminal building usually has all of the functions of a terminal and a concourse.

Some larger airports have one terminal that is joined to multiple concourses via walkways, sky-bridges, or underground tunnels (such as Denver International Airport). Some larger airports have more than one terminal, each with one or more concourses (such as New York's LaGuardia Airport). Still other larger airports have multiple terminals each of which includes the functions of a concourse (such as Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport).

Most airport terminals are built in a plain style. However, some, such as Baghdad International Airport, are grand monuments, while others are considered architectural masterpieces, such as Terminal 1 at Charles de Gaulle airport near Paris or Terminal 5 at New York's JFK Airport. A few are designed to reflect the culture of an area. The terminal at Albuquerque International Sunport in New Mexico, is designed in the Pueblo Revival style made popular by architect John Gaw Meem. The terminal at Bahías de Huatulco International Airport in Huatulco, Oaxaca, Mexico, which features some palapas that are interconnected to form the airport terminal.

Many early terminals were built in the 1930s–1940s when air travel become popular. They are often in the art deco style architecture of the time. One such example from 1940 is the Houston Municipal Airport Terminal. Early airport terminals opened directly onto the tarmac: passengers would walk or take a bus to their aircraft. This design is still common among smaller airports. Many larger airports have "bus gates" to access aircraft which are parked beyond the main terminal.

A pier design uses a long, narrow building with aircraft parked on both sides. One end joins to a ticketing and baggage claim area. Piers can hold a lot of aircraft and are simple to design. They can often result in a long distance from the check-in counter to the gate. At Kansai International Airport this distance is half a mile. Most large international airports have piers, including Chicago's O'Hare International Airport, Larnaca International Airport, Frankfurt International Airport, London Heathrow Airport, Rome Fiumicino Airport, Amsterdam Schiphol Airport, Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Kuala Lumpur International Airport, Bangkok International Airport, Beirut International Airport, Hong Kong International Airport, Allama Iqbal International Airport and Miami International Airport.

A satellite terminal is a building that is not joined to other airport buildings. The aircraft can park around the entire building. The first airport to use a satellite terminal was London Gatwick Airport. Passengers use an underground tunnel to walk to the satellite from the main terminal. This was also the first setup at Los Angeles International Airport, but it has since been changed to a pier layout. The first airport to use an automatic people mover to join the main terminal with a satellite was Tampa International Airport. Other examples include the following:

Some airports use a semicircular terminal, with aircraft parked on one side and cars on the other. This design results in long walks for passengers changing aircraft, but greatly reduces travel times between check-in and the aircraft. Airports designed around this model include Charles de Gaulle International Airport (terminal 2), Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport, Mumbai (terminal 2), Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, Seoul's Incheon International Airport, Toronto Pearson Airport, Kansas City Airport and Sapporo's New Chitose Airport.

Another unusual terminal design is the mobile lounge. Passengers are taken from the gate to their aircraft in a large vehicle which docks directly to the terminal and the aircraft. Washington Dulles International Airport, Mexico City International Airport, and Mirabel International Airport have used this design.
A mix of layouts also exist. San Francisco International Airport and Melbourne Airport use both a pier-semicircular layout and a pier layout.

Common-use terminal designs means airlines share check-in counters, gates and IT systems. Check-in counters and gates can be used by airlines as needed.

Dubai International Airport, Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Terminal 3, is the largest single Terminal building in the world. It had an area of over (1,500,000 m²) when it opened on October 14, 2008. It can handle an excess of 43 million passengers.

Beijing, Hong Kong, Bangkok and Mexico City have the world's second, third, fourth and fifth largest single terminals (986,000 m, 570,000 m, 563,000 m and 542,000 m) in Beijing Capital International Airport, Hong Kong International Airport, Suvarnabhumi Airport and Mexico City International Airport.

Many small and mid-size airports have a single two or three-lane one-way loop road which is used by local private vehicles and buses to drop off and pick-up passengers.

An international airport may have two one-way loop roads, one for departures and one for arrivals. It may have a direct rail connection by regional rail, light rail, or subway to the downtown or central business district of the closest major city. The largest airports may have direct connections to the closest freeway. There will be car rental agencies and taxi companies at the terminals. The Hong Kong International Airport has ferry piers on the airside to connect with ferry piers across the border.

"Pre-Security"

"Post Security"

Baltimore/Washington International Airport

Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport is an airport serving the Washington Metropolitan Area in the United States. It is commonly called BWI. The airport is in northern Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is about south of Baltimore and northeast of Washington, DC. BWI is named after Thurgood Marshall. He is a Baltimore native and the first African American to be on the Supreme Court of the United States.

BWI is a focus city for Southwest Airlines and Cape Air. It is a hub for AirTran Airways. 21.9 million passengers traveled through BWI in 2010. July was the busiest month ever in the airport's history. BWI was the 24th busiest airport in North America in 2010. The airport was also 47th in the world in total aircraft movements in 2008.

In 2010, BWI was listed as the best airport of its size (15–25 mil. passengers) in the world by the Airports Council International. This was based on its 2009 Airport Service Quality survey. The airport also won second place for North American airports in the "Best Food and Beverage Program" of the 2010 Richard A. Griesbach Excellence in Airport Concessions Contest.

The planning to build a new airport on to serve the Baltimore/Washington area began just after World War II. Construction began in 1947. The airport was first named Friendship International Airport after the Friendship Methodist Church which was next to the land used to build the airport until 1948. The airport was opened on June 24, 1950, by President Harry Truman. In April 1957, the airport had 52 weekday departures. Eastern, Capital, American, National, TWA, United, 2 Delta and Allegheny flew through BWI at that time. The early Boeing 707s and Douglas DC-8s could not use Washington National, and Dulles was not built until 1962, so Baltimore became Washington's jet airport. It dealt with flights across the continent.

The State of Maryland bought Friendship International Airport from Baltimore for $36 million in 1972. The Maryland State Aviation Administration took control of the airfield. To get more passengers from the Washington area, the airport was renamed Baltimore/Washington International Airport in 1973.

The BWI Rail Station opened in 1980. It gave a rail connection to passengers on the Northeast Corridor though Amtrak. BWI became the first airport in the United States to be served by a major rail station. The station had easy access to Washington, D.C. This is something that Washington Dulles International Airport still does not have. In 1997, a new international terminal (Concourse E) was added. Dulles still deals with most of the region's international flights. Air Jamaica and British Airways have used BWI for many years. AerLingus, Air Aruba, Air Greenland, El Al, Ghana Airways, Icelandair, KLM, Ladeco, and Mexicana have used BWI in the past. Military flights by the U.S. Air Force's Air Mobility Command still use BWI.

Beginning in the 1980s and for much of the 1990s, BWI was a major hub for Piedmont Airlines and US Airways. Financial problems because of the dot-com bust, the September 11 attacks, and competition which lowered ticket prices caused them to be less active at the airport. Southwest Airlines' began using the airport in September 1993. Southwest is now the airport's largest carrier. It had 56.76% of the passengers carried in 2008. Southwest recently bought AirTran. Because of this, Southwest Holdings now has an average of 214 departures each day. BWI is now Southwest's 3rd largest destination. BWI has International flights to London, Mexico, Canada, and the Caribbean and domestic flights throughout the United States.




Fukuoka Airport

The airport is in Hakata, which is south-east of the city center. No other airport in Japan is so close to the central part of the city as Fukuoka Airport.

Fukuoka is officially a second class airport. It is operating at full capacity, and cannot be further expanded. 

Fukuoka Airport is the fourth busiest passenger airport in Japan.



Vancouver International Airport

Vancouver International Airport is a public-use airport on Sea Island in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada. It is about 12 km (7.5 mi) from Downtown Vancouver. It serves Vancouver and the rest of British Columbia. In 2010, it was the second busiest airport in Canada by aircraft movements (296,511) and passengers (16.8 million), right behind Toronto Pearson International Airport.

Heo Chohui

Heo Chohui (Korean: 허초희, Hanja: 許楚姬, 1563–1589) was Korean Joseon Dynastys poet, writer and painter. A Chinese style name was Gyungbeon(경번, 景樊), nickname was Nanseolheon(난설헌, 蘭雪軒). 

one of a famous woman poet, artise of 16th Century Koreas, elder sister of Heo Gyun





Sarah Burke

Sarah Burke (September 3, 1982 – January 19, 2012) was a Canadian athlete who competed in freestyle skiing and was a pioneer of the superpipe event. During her career, she won four Winter X Games gold medals and world championship in the halfpipe in 2005. She lobbied to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to add the event added to the Olympic program for the 2014 Winter Olympics and was successful after trying to add it to the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. Burke was considered a medal favourite in the event. In 2006, she was voted #91 on the FHM-U.S.'s 100 Sexiest Women list. She married freeskier Rory Bushfield in Pemberton, British Columbia on September 25, 2010.

On January 10, 2012, She was seriously injured while she was training on the Park City Mountain Resort Eagle superpipe in Park City, Utah. Witnesses reported that she completed a trick very well but fell on her head, and that the accident did not appear to be very severe. However, she later went into cardiac arrest while she was still on the ski slope which made her chance of survival extremely low. She was resuscitated and was airlifted to the University of Utah Hospital in Salt Lake City, where she was reported to have been placed in an induced coma. The next day, she underwent neurosurgery to repair a tear in a vertebral artery. She would later succumb to her injuries on January 19, 2012.


Adderall

Amphetamine mixed salts (also known as amphetamine and dextroamphetamine mixed salts, amphetamine salt combo, or simply amphetamine salts) is a medication used in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and narcolepsy. It is sold under the brand name Adderall. The drug contains a mixture of the salts of amphetamine and dextroamphetamine. Both of these salts act as stimulants. The drug therefore helps people stay alert and concentrate on what they are doing. The downside of this medication is decreased fatigue, and decreased appetite.

The sustained-release (or extended-release) formulation is sold under the brand name Adderall XR. This formulation is designed to provide therapeutic effect and plasma concentrations. This is the same as taking two doses 4 hours apart. The normal dosage of Adderall XR is 20 milligrams.



Aechmea chantinii

Aechmea chantinii is a bromeliad plant. It is found in the Amazon Rainforest. Commonly known as Amazonian zebra plant, it is often used as an ornamental plant.

Kobe Airport

The airport is on an artificial island close to the coast of Kobe. It is south of Sannomiya Station, a main train station in the city.

The city government of Kobe proposed an airport in the harbor next to Port Island. Early planning was published in 1982.

The airport opened on February 16, 2006. The first international aircraft flight was September 2006. It is a 3rd class airport.



Social liberalism

Social liberalism also known as left liberalism in Germany, modern liberalism in the United States and new liberalism in the United Kingdom, is a political philosophy and variety of liberalism that endorses a regulated market economy and the expansion of civil and political rights. Under social liberalism, the common good is viewed as harmonious with the freedom of the individual. 

Social liberalism is different from classical liberalism: it thinks the state should address economic and social issues. Examples of problems the state might work on include unemployment, health care, and education. For example, there was no state support for general education in Britain before about 1870. Support for poor people came from private charities, and the church.

A commitment to a fair distribution of wealth and power led gradually (over about a century) to support public services as ways of fairly distributing wealth. Democracy improved by increasing the franchise (the right to vote) to all adults. Some countries which did not have democracy now do have it.

According to social liberalism, the government should also expand civil rights. Under social liberalism, the good of the community is viewed as harmonious with the freedom of the individual. Many parts of the capitalist world have used social liberal policies, especially after World War II.

John Rawls's published a book called ""A Theory of Justice"" in 1971, he suggested that ‘new liberalism’ is focused upon developing a theory of social justice. This idea of liberalism leads to issues of sharing, equality, and fairness in social and political circumstances. It is controversial because it attacks neoliberalism.

Social liberal ideas and parties tend to be considered centrist or centre-left.

VIT University

Vellore Institute of Technology, (also known as VIT University and abbreviated as VIT) is a university in Vellore, Tamil Nadu, India. VIT has nine schools.

Inverness Airport

Inverness Airport is an international airport at Dalcross, 7 nautical miles (~8 miles or 13 km) north east of the city of Inverness in the Scottish Highlands. 

The airport is the main gateway for travellers to the Highlands and Islands. There are a wide range of scheduled services throughout the United Kingdom and Ireland; also there are limited charter and freight flights to continental Europe. 591,397 passengers passed through the airport in 2009. It is owned by Highlands and Islands Airports Limited (HIAL) who own most of the regional airports in mainland Scotland and the outlying islands.

Like many of the airports in the Highlands and Islands, this airport was originally a RAF air base, and played a role in World War II. It was converted to civilian use in 1947.

Kirkwall Airport

Kirkwall Airport is the main airport serving the Orkney Islands in Scotland. It is 2.5 nautical miles (2.9 miles or 4.6 km) southeast of Kirkwall, the largest town in Orkney. 

The airport, a former RAF base, is owned by Highlands and Islands Airports Limited. The airport is used by Flybe franchise service, operated by Loganair.

RAF Down Ampney

RAF Down Ampney was a Royal Air Force station. It was near Cricklade, Gloucestershire, England. Down Ampney was built in February 1944 and it was closed down in February 1947. It was used during World War II.

The airfield was part of a group of three airfields. The other two were RAF Broadwell and RAF Blakehill Farm. The job of these three airfields was to transport (move) things by air.



Sendai Airport

The airport handles domestic flights, and it is an international airport. It is officially classified as a 2nd class airport.

In 1940, the Imperial Japanese Army built Sendai Airport. In 1943, it was reformed into Sendai Army Flight School.

At the end of World War II, the United States Army took control of the airport and its operations.

In 1956, Sendai Airport was returned to Japan.
The airport is marked by the design of its terminal. The curving and waving roof imitates the mountainous landscape and undulating sea edge that surrounds it. The building was finished in 1997. It was designed by Gyo Obata of Hellmuth, Obata + Kassabaum (HOK). According to HOK, the iconic form represents the aspirations of the region.
During the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake, the airport was damaged by the tremors and it was flooded.

A week later, military engineers opened the airport for disaster relief.

The airport served as a transit location for airlifted supplies, including 2 million tons of such items as blankets, water, and food.



Aquele Beijo

Aquele Beijo ("That Kiss") is a Brazilian historical telenovela. It was first shown in 2011. The series starred Giovanna Antonelli, Ricardo Pereira and Grazi Massafera.

Sydney Airport

Sydney (Kingsford Smith) Airport (also known as Kingsford-Smith Airport and Sydney Airport) is in the suburb of Mascot in Sydney, Australia. It is Sydney's main airport, and is the main hub for Qantas, and a secondary hub for Virgin Australia and Jetstar Airways. It is next to Botany Bay. The airport has three runways, the "east–west", "north–south" and "third" runways.

Sydney Airport is one of the oldest airports in the world still in use. It is the busiest airport in Australia, handling 36 million passengers in 2010 and 289,741 aircraft movements in 2009. It was the 28th busiest airport in the world in 2009. The airport is managed by Sydney Airport Corporation Limited (SACL). Flights from Sydney link with all parts of Australia. There are direct flights to 47 Australian cities and towns

Before the airport was built, it was a field for bullocks. Nigel Love, a former World War I pilot, wanted to start building aircraft. He needed to set up a factory and an aerodrome close to the city. He found some land owned by the Kensington Race Club. It had been used by a local abattoir, which was closing down, to graze sheep and cattle. The surface was perfectly flat and was covered with a pasture of buffalo grass. This grass which had been grazed so evenly by the sheep and cattle running on it that it was easy to make it suitable to land aircraft. In addition, it was clear for aircraft on all four sides. On the sides of the field were a racecourse, gardens, a river and Botany Bay.

Love set up Mascot as a private business, leasing from the Kensington Race club for three years. At first he had a small canvas structure but was later put up an imported Richards hangar. The first flight from Mascot was on 19 November 1919 when Love took movie cameraman Billy Marshall up in an Avro. The official opening flight took place on 9 January 1920, also performed by Love.

In 1921 the Australian government purchased in Mascot to set up a public airfield. In 1923, at the end of Love's three-year lease, the government took the land from the racing club. The first regular flights began in 1924.

In 1933, the first gravel runways were built. The course of Cooks River was moved away from the area in 1947–52 to provide more land for the airport and other small streams were filled. When Mascot was declared an aerodrome in 1920 it was known as Sydney Airport. In 1953 it was renamed Sydney (Kingsford Smith) Airport after Charles Kingsford Smith, a pioneering Australian aviator. The first paved runway was 07–25 and the next one built was 16R, sticking out into Botany Bay, starting in 1959, to land large jets. 07-25 is used mainly by lighter aircraft, although large four engine jet aircraft still land on the runway from the east, when south-westerly winds are blowing in Sydney. 16R is presently the longest operational runway in Australia, with paved length and between the zebra thresholds.

By the 1960s a new international terminal was needed, and work started in late 1966. The new building was officially opened on 3 May 1970, by Queen Elizabeth II.

The first Boeing 747 "Jumbo Jet" to land at the airport, Pan American's "Clipper Flying Cloud" (N734PA), arrived on 4 October 1970. In the 1970s the north-south runway was made longer to become one of the longest runways in the southern hemisphere. The international terminal was made bigger in 1992 and has been modernized several times since then.

Having only two runways that crossed each other became a problem and various governments tried to increase with Sydney airport's capacity for many years. A decision was finally made to build a third runway. This was not popular with people who lived near the airport. The third runway was built parallel to the existing main "north–south" runway entirely on reclaimed land from Botany Bay). A proposed new airport on the outskirts of Sydney was not developed.

The "third runway" remained a problem because of increased aircraft movements, especially over many inner suburbs. The 1990s saw the setting up of the No Aircraft Noise Party, although it did not win any seats in Parliament. Changes for Sydney Airport's operation were introduced by the Howard government in 1996. These included:

In 2002, the Australian Government sold Sydney Airport to Southern Cross Airports Corporation Holdings Ltd. 82.93% of SACL is owned by MAp Airports International Limited, part of Macquarie Bank. Sydney Airport Intervest GmbH own 12.11% and Ontario Teachers' Australia Trust own 4.96%. SACL holds a 99-year lease on the airport which remains Crown land.

The international terminal has been made bigger several times. The next rebuilding will take place in stages over twenty years (2005–25). This will include a high-rise office block, a multi-level car park, and bigger international and domestic terminals. This rebuilding and other plans of Macquarie Bank for the airport are seen as controversial. They do not need the legal oversight of local councils, which usually act as the local planning authority for such developments.

As of April 2006, some of the proposed development has been scaled back.

Sydney Airport's International terminal underwent a $500 million rebuild that was completed in mid 2010. It included a new baggage system, an extra of space for shops and passenger waiting areas and other improvements.
In March 2010, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission said that prices at Sydney airport were too high. The report said Sydney Airport recorded the highest average prices at $13.63 per passenger, compared to the lowest of $7.96 at Melbourne Airport. The price of short-term parking had almost doubled in the 2008–09 financial year, from $28 to $50 for four hours. The report also said the airport abused its monopoly power.

In December 2011, Sydney Airport said it would divide the airport into two airline based areas which would have international, domestic and regional services under the one roof by 2019. Terminal 2 and Terminal 3 would be used by Qantas, Jetstar and members of the oneworld airline alliance. Terminal 1 would be used by Virgin Australia and its international partners. Other international airlines would continue to operate from T1.

Sydney Airport has three passenger terminals. The International Terminal is separated from the other two by a runway. Passengers needing to catch another flight need to allow for longer transfer times. Sydney Airport requires minimum connection times:

The airport provides a bus service between the terminals at a cost of A$5.50.

Terminal 1 was opened on 3 May 1970, replacing the old Overseas Passenger Terminal. Terminal 1 has been greatly expanded since then. Today it is known as the International Terminal, in the airport's north western area. It has 30 gates (Concourse B with 8–37 and Concourse C with 50–63) served by aerobridges, as well as a number of remote bays. It has room for the Airbus A380, which fly routes to Singapore (Singapore Airlines), London via Singapore and Los Angeles (Qantas), Dubai and Auckland (Emirates). The terminal building has three levels, one each for arrivals, departures and airline offices. The departure level has 20 rows of check-in desks, each with 10 single desks making a total of 200 check-in desks. The terminal also has an observation deck on the roof. The terminal has six airline lounges: Two for Qantas, and one each for Air New Zealand, Singapore Airlines, Malaysia Airlines and Emirates. The terminal underwent a major $500 million redevelopment that was completed in 2010. The shopping area was made bigger, outbound customs operations were put into one place, and the floor space of the terminal increased to 254,000 square metres.

Terminal 2, in the airport's north-eastern section, was the former home of Ansett Australia's domestic operations. It has 15 parking bays with aerobridges and a number of non-contact bays. Today it serves Virgin Australia, Jetstar, Tiger Airways, Regional Express Airlines, Aeropelican Air Services and Qantaslink services operated by Eastern Australia Airlines. There are lounges for Qantas, Virgin Australia and Regional Express Airlines.

Terminal 3 is a domestic terminal, for Qantas and Qantaslink flights to Canberra. It was home for Trans Australia Airlines (later renamed Australian Airlines). Like Terminal 2 it is in the north-eastern section. The current terminal building is largely the result of extensions made during the late 1990s. There are 14 parking bays with aerobridges, including two with dual aerobridges. Terminal 3 has a large Qantas Club lounge, and a Business Class and Chairmans lounge. Terminal 3 also has a 'Heritage Collection', includes items from Qantas's 90 years of service, It also has a view of the airport and is used by plane-spotters. It is next to Gate 13.

Sydney Airport once had a fourth passenger terminal, east of Terminal 2. This was formerly known as "Domestic Express" and was used by Regional Express Airlines, Virgin Blue (now known as Virgin Australia), and Impulse Airlines. However, it's now used by DHL Express and Tasman Cargo Airlines as an office building.

The Freight Terminal is north of Terminal 1. It is used for international freight operations, except for Tasman Cargo Airlines' trans-Tasman services.

In 1995 the Australian Government passed a law through parliament called "The Sydney Airport Curfew Act". This limits the operating hours of the airport. This was done in an effort to stop complaints about aircraft noise. The curfew disallows aircraft from taking off or landing between the hours of 23:00 and 06:00. However, some special flights are allowed between 23:00 to midnight and 05:00 to 06:00, by Section 12 of the Act.

During bad weather, flights are often late and people on late flights are unable to travel on a given day. As of 2009, four airlines had been fined for landing during the closed times. The maximum fine is A$550 000.

The airport can be reached from the city by the Airport Link underground rail line. The International railway station is under the International terminal, while the Domestic railway station is under the car park between the domestic terminals (Terminal 2 and Terminal 3). While the stations are part of the Cityrail network, they are privately owned and operated by Airport Link. Passengers have to pay a station fee or 'gate fee' of $11.80. This fee is added to the price of the train ticket.
The trains that go to the airport are regular suburban trains. Unlike special airport trains at other airports, they do not have special provisions for customers with luggage. They do not operate express to the airport and may have all seats occupied by commuters before the trains arrive at the airport.

Sydney Buses operates Route 400 from Burwood to Bondi Junction railway stations and stops at the International and Domestic terminals. It connects the eastern suburbs, Inner West and St George areas to the airport. Private shuttle buses also service the airport from the Sutherland Shire, Blue Mountains and Central Coast.

Sydney Airport has road connections in all directions. Southern Cross Drive (M1), a motorway, is the fastest link with the city centre. The only other motorway, the M5 South Western Motorway (including the M5 East Freeway) links the airport with the south-western suburbs of Sydney.

There is a ring road around the airport. General Holmes Drive has a tunnel under the main north-south runway and three taxiways as well as an aircraft viewing area. Inside the airport a part-ring road joins the Domestic Terminal with the control tower, the general aviation area, car-rental company storage yards, long-term car park, heliport, various retail operations and a hotel. A perimeter road runs inside the secured area for airport vehicles only.

The Airport runs several official car parks:
There are also many private parking companies around the airport who are cheaper than the official car parks. They have free shuttle buses to the airport.

The International Terminal is next to a wide pedestrian and bicycle path. It links Mascot and Sydney City in the north-east with Tempe (via a foot bridge over Alexandra Canal) and Botany Bay to the south-west. All terminals have bicycle racks and are also easily reached by foot from nearby areas.



Quincy Jones

Quincy Delightt Jones Jr., (born March 14, 1933) is an American arranger, composer, conductor, record producer, and film music composer born in Chicago, Illinois. He is particularly recognized as the producer of the album "Thriller", by pop icon Michael Jackson, which has sold more than 110 million copies worldwide, more than any other album ever, and as the producer and conductor of the No.1 charity song “We Are the World”. He has been nominated for 79 Grammy Awards. He has won 27 Grammy Awards. This is more than any other artist who is alive. He has been nominated for 7 Academy Awards. 

In 1990 Jones made his own company, Quincy Jones Entertainment, which produced The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. He joined the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2013. He has seven children from five different mothers. His daughter Rashida Jones is an actress. His other daughter, Jolie Jones Levine, is the president of the Take it Back Foundation.

Jones played trumpet on Dizzy Gillespie's 1954 album "Afro". Quincy Jones' first album, "This Is How I Feel About Jazz", was released in 1957 on ABC Records. Jones met Michael Jackson when they worked on the 1978 movie "The Wiz". He produced Michael Jackson's 1979 album "Off the Wall". He produced Jackson's 1982 album "Thriller". The album won eight Grammy Awards in 1984. He produced the 1985 movie "The Color Purple". The last Jackson album he produced was "Bad". "Bad" was released in 1987. It sold 30 million copies. Jones sued Jackson's estate in 2013 for 10 million dollars. In 1994 Jones won the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award. In 2010 "Q Soul Bossa Nostra" was released. Many famous musicians sang on it, including Amy Winehouse.



Southern University of Chile

The Southern University of Chile () is a Chilean university. It is in Valdivia in Puerto Montt, Osorno and Coyhaique. It was started in 1954. 


Jinder Mahal

Yuvraj "Raj" Dhesi (born July 19, 1986 in Calgary, Alberta) is an Indian-Canadian professional wrestler. He is currently working with the WWE for the Raw brand under the ring name Jinder Mahal. He is a former WWE Champion, United States Champion and two-time 24/7 Champion. He has also worked on the independent circuit under the ring name Tiger Raj Singh. During his first WWE run from 2010 to 2014, Mahal was known for being part of the stable 3MB (three-man-band) along with Heath Slater and Drew McIntyre.
On June 12, 2014, Mahal was released from his WWE contract. However, he returned in August of 2016 looking much stronger than when he left. At WrestleMania 33, he was the last person eliminated from the André the Giant Memorial Battle Royal which was won by Mojo Rawley. On the April 18, 2017 episode of SmackDown, he won a #1 contender's six-pack challenge for the WWE Championship and at Backlash, he won the title from Randy Orton. This made him the first wrestler with family from India to win the title.

Dhesi is of Sikh descent.



Medeco

Medeco is a manufacturer of high-security locks. The name Medeco is short for Mechanical Development Company. It is a subsidiary of the Swedish Assa Abloy Group.

The Medeco cylinder uses a rotating pin and sidebar design with angled cuts on the keys that rotate the pins, making it more difficult to pick than most other locks. However, it is possible to pick a Medeco lock. In 2006, it was discovered that a set of only four bump keys could open almost any Medeco lock at that time. Newer Medeco locks require a much larger set of bump keys. These keys are referred to as the "Four Keys to the Kingdom" among locksmiths. Medeco is owned by the ASSA ABLOY Group, which also owns Abloy and many other lock manufacturers.

Dhillon

Dhillon is a jatt clan. They originally came from the Jodhpur region of Rajasthan, and settled in the Punjab, but today mostly live in the southern region of Haryana (around Bhiwani, Jind, Jajjar, and Kaithl). 

List of busiest airports in the United Kingdom

This list of the 20 busiest airports is ranked in order of passenger traffic.

LaGuardia Airport

LaGuardia Airport () is an airport in the northern part of the New York City borough of Queens. The airport is on the edge of Flushing Bay and Bowery Bay. It borders the neighborhoods of Astoria, Jackson Heights and East Elmhurst.

La Guardia is popular because of its location near to Manhattan. Although the airport is small in size, wide-body airliners once flew there often. The McDonnell Douglas DC-10 and Lockheed L-1011 were designed for use at LaGuardia. The Boeing 767-400ER is the largest airliner that once flew to LGA; from 2000 to 2005, Delta used the 764 with 285 seats. Today, there are usually no widebody flights. Delta Air Lines does use a Boeing 767-300 at times for one of its Atlanta flights, and Air Canada sometimes sends their 767-300s there. On July 11, 2012, the airport became a domestic hub for Delta Air Lines. It is also a focus city for American Airlines and American Eagle.

LaGuardia is the smallest of the New York metropolitan area's three main airports. The other two are John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) in southern Queens and Newark Liberty International in Newark, New Jersey. LaGuardia is the closest of the three to Manhattan. These three airports are the largest airport system in the United States. They are the second most busy system of airports in the world by number of passengers. They are the first in the world in terms of total flight operations. In 2010, the airport had just under 24.0 million passenger. JFK had 46.5 million and Newark had 33.1 million. A total of about 104 million travelers used New York airports.

Most flights from LaGuardia go to locations inside the United States and Canada. Some flights also go to Aruba, the Bahamas, and Bermuda, which have United States Department of Homeland Security preclearance services. The airport has ICE/CPB facilities to deal with customs and immigration for international flights but they cannot deal with a large number of passengers at one time. LaGuardia is the busiest airport in the United States without any non-stop flights to and from Europe. Nonstop flights to or from LaGuardia are limited to only . This does not include flights on Saturdays and flights to Denver. Because of this most flights across the continent and international flights use JFK or Newark.

The airport was first named Glenn H. Curtiss Airport. It was named for Glenn Hammond Curtiss. It was later renamed North Beach Airport. New York City took control of the airport and named it New York Municipal Airport-LaGuardia Field. In 1953, it was named "LaGuardia Airport" for Fiorello La Guardia, the mayor of New York when the airport was built. The airport is run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.



Bipasha Basu

Bipasha Basu (born 7 January 1979) is an Indian movie actress who appears in Hindi language movies. She has also worked in Telugu, Tamil and Bengali language movies. She was a successful model before appearing in movies.

Basu's first movie as an actress was "Ajnabee" (2001). Her first successful movie was "Raaz" (2002). She was chosen for Filmfare Best Actress Award for Raaz. She then appeared in commercial successes like "No Entry" (2005), "Phir Hera Pheri" (2006) and "Race" (2008). "Dhoom 2" (2007) is her biggest commercial success so far. Her work in "Apaharan" (2005), "Corporate" (2006) and "Bachna Ae Haseeno" (2008) was praised by movie critics. This led to her becaming a leading actress in the Hindi movie Industry.

Basu is also known for her dances like "Phoonk De" in "No Smoking" (2007) and "Beedi" in "Omkara" (2006). She has completed filming her first international movie, "Singularity". Basu married boyfriend of two years TV Actor Karan Singh Grover in a private Bengali ceremony on 30 April 2016.

Basu was born to a Bengali Hindu family in New Delhi. She lived in Pampoosh Enclave, Nehru Place and studied at Apeejay High School. She was 8 when her family moved to Kolkata. She continued studying in Kolkata at Bhavan's Gangabux Kanoria Vidyamandir.

Basu studied commerce at Bhawanipur Education Society College after 12th standard. She had planned to become a doctor before taking commerce. She did modelling shows in her college as a hobby. In 1996, she won the Godrej Cinthol Supermodel Contest and went to New York to became a successful model.

Vinod Khanna was one of the judges at the supermodel contest in which Basu participated. He wanted to introduce her with his son Akshaye Khanna in "Himalay Putra". Basu felt she was too young and refused the offer. Later, Anjala Zaveri agreed to the role. Another judge Jaya Bacchan wanted to introduce Basu with her son Abhishek Bacchan in "Akhari Mughal". However, "Akhari Mughal" was never made.

In 2001, Basu finally appeared in her first movie "Ajnabee" (2001). The movie was directed by Abbas-Mustan. It failed commercially and received negative reviews from critics.


Joe Paterno

Joseph Vincent "Joe" Paterno (; December 21, 1926 — January 22, 2012) was an American college football coach. He was the head coach of the Penn State Nittany Lions for 46 years from 1966 through 2011. Paterno's nickname was "JoePa".

Paterno was an Italian-American who was born and raised in Brooklyn. His team won 409 games with him as coach, so he had the record for the most wins by an NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) coach. He is the only FBS coach to reach 400 victories. He coached five undefeated teams that won major bowl games. In 2007, was entered the College Football Hall of Fame.

Penn State trustees fired Paterno in the middle of the football season in November 2011. The university was concerned about Paterno's possible responsibility after long-time assistant coach Jerry Sandusky was arrested on child sexual abuse charges.

Paterno died of lung cancer on January 22, 2012.


Heo Gyun

Heo Gyun (Korean: 허균, Hanja: 許筠, 1569-1618) was a Korean writer, politician and poet during the Joseon Dynasty. His Chinese name was Danbo (단보, 端甫). Other names were Gyosan (교산, 蛟山), Seongso (성소, 惺所), Baikwolgeosa (백월거사, 白月居士).


Oki Airport

The airport is in the town of Okinoshima. This is part of the Shimane Prefecture. 

It is officially classified as a 3rd class airport.



Holly Valance

Holly Valance (born Holly Rachel Vukadinovic on 11 May 1983) is an Australian actress, singer and model. She is a dual citizen of Australia and the United Kingdom. She was born in Melbourne to an English immigrant mother and Serbian immigrant father. She began her career in 1999 as Felicity Scully on Australian soap opera "Neighbours". She began her singing career in 2002. 

Valance was a contestant in the 2011 series of "Strictly Come Dancing".


Bob Monkhouse

Robert Alan Monkhouse OBE (1 June 1928 – 29 December 2003) was a British writer, actor, comedian and presenter. He was born in Beckenham, Kent. He wrote and presented on radio. He acted in films and wrote and acted on television. He was a game show host and stand-up comedian. Some of his most famous game shows he presented include The Golden Shot, Celebrity Squares, Family Fortunes, Bob’s Full House and Wipeout. 

Monkhouse died of prostate cancer in Bedford. 

Mount Baker

Mount Baker, also known as Koma Kulshan or Kulshan, is an active volcano in the Pacific Northwest. It is located in Washington in the United States.

The volcano's height is .

Winter sport

Winter sports are sports played during winter. They often must be played on ice or snow. The International Olympic Comittee has the Winter Olympics, which are every four years. In the Winter Olympics, people try to win at winter sports for their country. Cold countries, for example Russia, Canada and Norway, are good at winter sports.

Winter sports include:

Bandy

Bandy is a sport like ice hockey but with a ball instead of a puck and on a larger field. It is played on ice. The rules are much like the rules for association football.

There are 11 players on each team. The game is 90 minutes long with 45 minutes in each half, like association football (soccer). The size of the bandy field is the same as in association football.

The rules are set by the Federation of International Bandy.

There are 32 countries in the Federation of International Bandy.

Bandy World Championship for men has been played recurringly since 1957.


Pentathlon

A pentathlon is a sports contest with five different events. The name comes from two Greek words. "Pente" means five and "athlon" means competition. The first pentathlon was in Ancient Greece and was part of the Ancient Olympic Games. The five events were long jump, javelin throw, and discus throw, followed by the "stadion" (a short foot race) and wrestling. 

The modern pentathlon is a sports contest that includes five events. They are pistol shooting, fencing, 200 m freestyle swimming, show jumping, and a 3 km cross-country run. It was invented by Pierre de Coubertin. 

The event was first held at the 1912 Olympic Games. It was won by Swedish athlete Gösta Lilliehöök. Since 1949 there is a yearly World Championship unless there is an Olympic Game.


Trace Adkins

Tracy Darrell "Trace" Adkins (born January 13, 1962) is an American country music musician and singer. Trace was born Springhill, Louisiana. He has had 3 number one hits on the "Billboard" country charts.

In January 2010, Adkins left his long-time record label, Capitol Nashville. He then signed with Show Dog-Universal Music.


Airline hub

An airline hub is an airport that an airline uses as a transfer point to get passengers to their intended destination.

The airport is part of a "hub and spoke model". 

Some airlines may use only a single hub, while other airlines use multiple hubs. 


Zeibekiko

Zeibekiko () is a Greek dance mainly for men.

Boris Godunov (opera)

Boris Godunov () is an opera by Modest Mussorgsky (1839–1881). It was the only opera that Mussorgsky finished. It is his most famous work and one of the most famous of all Russian operas. It was composed between 1868 and 1873.

The story of the opera is based on something that really happened in Russian history. The Russian people were ruled by a tsar (an emperor). The previous tsar Tsar Ivan IV was known as “Ivan the Terrible”. He was terribly cruel and the Russian people suffered badly under his rule. They were hungry, they were tortured and killed. When he died his son became Tsar, but he was mentally retarded, so a group of powerful people including Boris Godunov had to rule for him. Ivan also had another son, but he disappeared. He was almost certainly murdered, and Boris Godunov, who wanted to become tsar himself, had probably ordered him to be murdered (for the sake of the opera, Mussorgsky assumes that he was indeed guilty of his murder). Then he persuaded the Russian people that they should choose him to be their tsar.

Some years later a young monk escapes from his monastery and pretends to be the murdered son of Ivan the Terrible. He gets a Polish army to help him to fight Boris Godunov. Boris Godunov feels terribly guilty about the murder. He suffers so much that he dies. The young monk arrives in Moscow and makes himself tsar (Tsar Dimitri II). The ordinary Russian people remain desperately poor. It is their fate to suffer, ruled by cruel tyrants.

The composer wrote the words (the libretto) himself. It was based on a play by Aleksandr Pushkin. Mussorgsky also read a famous book on the history of Russia: Nikolay Karamzin's "History of the Russian State" and used some of the historical material from this book.

Originally Mussorgsky composed the opera in 1869, but in those days it had to be approved by the censors before it was allowed to be performed. The opera was rejected by the censors. The main reason they gave was that there were no female characters in the opera. Mussorgsky made lots of changes, including adding a whole new act with Dimitry in love with a Polish princess. Another reason why the opera had been rejected was that composers and dramatists were not allowed to have the character of a tsar on stage. However, Tsar who then ruled said he did not mind, so the opera was first performed in 1874 in Saint Petersburg.

The opera "Boris Godunov" can either be performed in the first version of 1869, or in the second version of 1874. In fact performances of the opera have often been something of a mixture, as opera directors have often made cuts, or changes to the music or the order of scenes. The composers Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov and Dmitri Shostakovich have both made new editions of the opera in which they thought they could improve some of Mussorgsky’s harmony or orchestration. For many years it was these editions that were usually performed. Nowadays people realize more and more that Mussorgsky’s harmonies and orchestrations, which were very original for their time, were quite deliberate and very effective. Modern performances therefore often go back to what Mussorgsky originally wrote.

By the close of 1868, Mussorgsky had already started two operas, but never finished them These were "Salammbô" and "Marriage", which was influenced by Alexander Dargomyzhsky's opera "The Stone Guest". Mussorgsky was breaking away from the Romantic style that many composers used at the time. He had learned a lot by trying to write these operas and he used some of the musical ideas in "Boris Godunov".
Vladimir Nikolsky, a professor of Russian history, suggested to Mussorgsky the idea of writing an opera about Boris Godunov, based on Pushkin’s play. Mussorgsky worked very fast on the opera, finishing the vocal score (i.e. without the orchestration) in 9 months. During this time he was also working as a civil servant. When he state censor rejected the opera he worked another two years on it, adding a female role as required, and making other changes he felt necessary: adding three scenes, cutting one and changing another, adding songs for the Hostess, Fyodor and the Nurse. In 1873 three scenes were performed, and on 27 January 1874 the first performance of the whole opera took place. The conductor, Nápravník, was a good conductor, but he often made cuts in the operas he performed. He cut the whole of the Cell Scene because he thought the opera was too long. Nevertheless, it was a great success among many people, although some critics hated it. It was performed 21 times in Mussorgsky’s lifetime.

During the early 20th century the Russian bass singer Fyodor Shalyapin was a very famous singer who often sang the role of Boris.

The opera is divided into a prologue and 4 acts.


In the first scene of the prologue a large crowd has come to the courtyard of a monastery. Chelkalov comes and talks to the crowd. He tells them that Boris has not yet accepted the throne, but that they should pray that he will.
The second scene is the famous coronation scene. The crowd are kneeling in front of two cathedrals in the centre of Moscow. The church bells are ringing. The boyars cross the stage. Boris has agreed to be Tsar. Boris appears on stage, but he is rather gloomy. He tells the crowd to pray for guidance.

Act I
Scene i. This takes place five years later in a monastery. An old monk, Pimen is writing the history of Russia. He has nearly finished, and he has got to the year when the Tsar’s son seems to have been murdered. He is reading what he has written to a young monk, Grigory. Grigory then has a dream. In the dream he is standing on top of a high tower and looks down on the people who are laughing at him. He feels guilty and falls from the tower. Pimen tries to comfort him. He says that Boris murdered the Tsar’s son. Grigory learns that the Tsar’s son, if he had still been alive, would have been the same age as he is now. He decides to pretend to be the Tsar’s son and to claim the throne as his.

Scene ii takes place in an inn on the border of Russia with Lithuania. The hostess sings a silly song. Two monks, Varlaam and Missail, come in. Grigory is with them. He has run away from the monastery. The two wandering monks were showing him the way to the Lithuanian border. The two monks start to get drunk and sing. Grigory does not join in, his just sits there. Two guards (like policeman) appear. They are looking for Grigory because they know that the runaway monk is a going to be a threat to the Tsar. They have a description of the wanted man. They ask whether anyone can read (hardly anyone could read in those days, except monks). Dimitri says he can read, so he takes the piece of paper and starts to read the description of the wanted man. He is describing Varlaam. Varlaam realizes this and snatches the paper from him. He decides he can read after all. He starts to read a description of Dimitri. Dimitri escapes through the window.

Act II
The scene is the Tsar’s apartments in the Kremlin in Moscow. The Tsarevich Fyodor is reading, his sister sings sadly a song about a man she loved who died before they could get married. The Nurse tries to comfort her. Fyodor tries to cheer her up by singing a jolly clapping song. The Nurse joins in. Then Boris comes in. He tells him to concentrate on his lesson. One day he will rule the country and he will need to be wise. Boris sings of his terrible feelings of doubt and agony (because he is guilty of murder). A boyar enters and tells Boris that Shuisky wants to speak to him. He warns Boris that Shuisky is on the side of the Poles who are against him. When Shuisky enters he tells Boris that a pretender has come who claims to be the Tsar’s son who is thought to have been murdered. Boris asks Shuisky whether it really was the Tsar’s son who was killed and buried. Shuisky says that it definitely was, and that he had watched over the body for five days. Boris cannot bear to hear any more and tells Shuisky to leave. He then sinks back in a chair. A clock chimes and the figures on the clock move. Boris thinks they are aghost of the murdered child. He goes mad.

Act III
The scene takes place in the royal palace in Poland. Dimitri has gone to Poland to persuade the Polish army to support him in his fight against Boris. The Poles are glad to do this because they often fought Russia when they thought they could take a bit of their land. They want the Polish Princess Marina to marry Dimitri (they think, of course, that he really is the Tsar’s son Dimitri, they don't know that he is really a young monk called Grigory). Princess Marina sings of her love for Dimitri. She has not met him yet, but she would like to be Tsarina (the wife of the Tsar) because that would bring her power. Rangoni tells Dimitri that the Princess is in love with him. A meeting is arranged in the garden. Princess Marina is horrible to him. She persuades him to act quickly to get an army together to march to Moscow and get the throne. They embrace. Rangoni is pleased, because it will be a triumph for his church.

Act IV
Scene i takes place in the palace in the Kremlin. Shuisky tells the assembled noblemen that he saw Boris who seemed to be having a mad fit. He was shouting “Away! Away!” and waving his arms. Just at that moment Boris enters doing just that. He does not seem to notice any of the boyars who are standing there. Shuisky manages to persuade him to sit down on his throne. Shuisky then says that there is a holy man outside who has something to say to everyone. The man is let in. It is Pimen. He tells a strange story. It is about a shepherd who was blind. He had a dream in which he was told to go to the tomb where the murdered Tsar’s son Dimitri lies buried. He went there and prayed. Immediately he was able to see. Boris becomes terribly distressed at this story. He calls for light, he collapses in the arms of the boyars, and he sends for his son Fyodor. Boris asks to be left alone with him. He then says goodbye to his son and tells him to take good care of the Russian people. Monks behind the scene pray for the soul of Boris. Boris dies.

Scene ii takes place in the forest of Kromy. Dimitri has marched into Russia leading his troops. The Russian people are starving and law and order has broken down. A very simple man (the Simpleton) sings a simple song. A group of children tease him and steal his money (just one kopek). Varlaam and Missail sing in praise of Dimitri. They point out two men who are Jesuits, and the people get ready to hang them. Dimitri enters and frees the Jesuits. The people rejoice because Dimitri is to be their new tsar. He tells the people to follow him to Moscow. All exit and the Simpleton is left alone on stage. He sings a simple song which expresses the sadness of the poor, hungry Russian people.

There has been a lot of discussion about the order of the two scenes in Act IV: scene i which shows the death of Boris and scene ii which shows the Russian people in the forest. The order given above is what Mussorgsky wanted. For him, the most important thing about the opera was to express the tragedy of the Russian people who are always doomed to be ruled by cruel tyrants.

When Rimsky-Korsakov edited the opera after Mussorgsky’s death he put Boris’s death scene last. Finishing the opera with Boris’s death meant that the personal tragedy of Boris was the most important thing. Certainly, famous singers who sang the role of Boris, such as Chaliapin, liked the opera to finish with Boris’s death. Nowadays the opera is nearly always performed with the forest scene finishing the opera. This was Mussorgsky’s intention. It is about the tragedy of the people, and this is put into words by the Simpleton, who expresses the truth through his simple words.






Winnie the Pooh (2011 movie)

Winnie the Pooh is a 2011 American animated musical movie produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 52nd movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It is based on the A. A. Milne stories of the same name. In the movie, Winnie the Pooh, Tigger, Rabbit, Piglet, Owl, Eeyore, Kanga, and Roo go on a journey to save Christopher Robin.


Additional voices were provided by Jeff Bennett, Jack Black, Rodger Bumpass, Bill Fagerbakke, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Lisa Linder, Robert Lopez, Sherry Lynn, Mona Marshall, Mickie McGowan, Daran Norris, Nolan North, Patrick Pinney, Jan Rabson, Jim Ward and Frank Welker.

Lauryn Hill

Lauryn Noelle Hill (born May 26, 1975) is an American singer-songwriter, rapper, record producer, and actress. She began her career while still in high school as a member of the Fugees. She rose to greater fame when she released her first solo album, "The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill". The album received critical acclaim, won many awards, including five Grammy Awards, and was commercially successful. After the release of her debut album, she took a four-year break. In 2002, Hill released "MTV Unplugged No. 2.0", an album with more personal content that was recorded live, mostly solo with an acoustic guitar. In recent years, she has recorded songs for soundtracks and has performed at secular music festivals. Hill has six children.



Nail gun

A nail gun is a power tool used for driving nails into wood or other construction materials. Driving a nail with a nail gun is usually much faster than driving it with a hammer.

Kawauchi, Fukushima

Kawauchi was evacuated because of the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. The village is 30 kilometers (19 miles) from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant. People had to leave their homes because of radiation.

In 2012, the village government urged (asked) people to come back to their homes. In 2013, only 400 of the 2,000+ citizens of the village have decided to return.


Rik Mayall

Richard Michael "Rik" Mayall (3 March 1948 – 19 June 2014) was a British actor, comedian and writer. He starred in many sitcoms, including "Man Down","The Young Ones", "Blackadder", "Filthy Rich and Catflap", "The New Statesman" and "Bottom". He also starred in the movies "Eye of the Needle" (1981), "Drop Dead Fred" (1991) and "Guest House Paradiso" (1999). He also won an Emmy Award in 1997 for "The Willows in Winter" (1995).

Mayall was born in Harlow, Essex. When he was three, he moved to Droitwich Spa, Worcestershire. He studied drama at the University of Manchester. He had a relationship with writer Lise Mayer in the early 1980s. He was married to Scottish make-up artist, Barbara Robbin from 7 February 1985 until his death. The couple had two daughters and a son together. His autobiography was published in 13 April 2005.

On 17 April 1998, Mayall was injured in a quad bike accident near his home in Devon. After waking up from a coma and having operations, he made a full recovery but was left with epilepsy.

Mayall died from a heart attack after a morning run on 19 June 2014 at his home in Barnes, London. He was 66.

Namie, Fukushima

Namie was damaged in the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.

In April 2011, the Japanese government made people leave here because of radiation from the Fukushima I nuclear accidents.

Before people left, stone from a quarry in Namie was sent to make concrete for about 60 buildings. The stone and the concrete is radioactive.

The people who used to live in Namie are called "nuclear refugees".


Nigel Lawson

Nigel Lawson, Baron Lawson of Blaby PC (11 March 1932 – 3
April 2023) was a British Conservative politician. He was born in Hampstead, London, and was of Jewish descent.

He was educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford, where he got a degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics. He was a journalist during the 1960s. Lawson was a Member of Parliament from 1974-1992. He was Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1983-1989. Lawson was made a life peer in 1992.

Lawson had six children. They are: Dominic (a journalist), Thomasina (who died of breast cancer), Nigella (a food writer), Horatia, Tom and Emily.

Lawson died on 3 April 2023, three weeks after his 91st birthday.

Andy Carroll

Andrew Thomas "Andy" Carroll (born 6 January 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays for Newcastle United and for the England national team as a striker.

Carroll started his professional career with Newcastle United in 2006. He spent a small time on loan with Preston North End. He scored his first league goal there. He became as a regular in the Newcastle first team by 2008. When Newcastle got relegated from the Premier League to the Championship in 2009, he scored 17 goals in 39 appearances. Newcastle finished first in the Championship in that season. They earned automatic promotion back to the Premier League as a result. Caroll played for Newcastle in the Premier League again. He played 19 times and scored 11 goals.

Carroll signed for Liverpool on the last day of the transfer window on 31 January 2011. The transfer fee was £35 million. It was the highest amount ever paid by one club to another for a British footballer at that time. Carroll was bought to replace Fernando Torres. Torres had moved from Liverpool to Chelsea on the same day for a fee of £50 million. He suffered an injury in December. Therefore, he could not debut for Liverpool until March 2011. He scored his first two goals for his new club in April 2011 in a 3–0 victory over Manchester City. In August 2012, Liverpool agreed a £2 million loan deal with West Ham. It was a season-long loan. West Ham permanently signed him in June 2013. They paid a fee of £15 million.

Carroll started his youth career in Newcastle United. He scored some goals for the reserve team. He made his first-team debut on 2 November 2006. He was 17 years and 300 days old then. This was in a 1–0 UEFA Cup win over Palermo. He came on as a late substitute for Nolberto Solano. In doing so, he became the youngest ever player to represent Newcastle in Europe.

He made his FA Cup debut on 17 January 2007. Here too, he appeared as substitute for the last ten minutes. Birmingham City beat Newcastle 5-1 in that match. On 25 February 2007, Carroll made his Premier League debut for Newcastle. He came on as a substitute in the 87th minute in the 1–0 defeat by Wigan Athletic. He had a shot on target in this match. A good save from Wigan goalkeeper John Filan prevented him from scoring his first Newcastle goal.

In 2007, he was the recipient of the "Wor Jackie Milburn Trophy". This is awarded every year to the rising star of North East England football.

On 29 July 2007, Carroll scored his first senior goal in a 2–0 win over Juventus. This was a friendly match. He scored the goal with his left foot. After the game, Italian goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon praised Carroll. Buffon said Carroll had a great future.

On 14 August 2007, Carroll began a six-month loan with Preston North End. He made his debut for them in the League Cup against Morecambe on the same day. Carroll was sent off playing for Preston against Scunthorpe United on 18 September. He scored his first Championship goal, and his first English league goal, against Leicester City on 6 November.

Carroll made his first appearance for Newcastle in the 2008–09 season on 20 October. He came on as a substitute for Shola Ameobi at home to Manchester City. Carroll was in the starting team against West Ham United at home on 10 January 2009. He scored his first goal at home in this match. It was a header. The match ended as a 2-2 draw. He signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract on 12 March 2009. His contract at Newcastle now ended in 2012.

Newcastle got relegated that season. First team strikers, Michael Owen, Mark Viduka and Obafemi Martins left the club. Carroll joined Shola Ameobi in attack for Newcastle at the start of the new season. His first league goal in the Championship came on 16 September 2009 against Blackpool with a header. By 2010 Carroll was playing almost every game. He had a new strike partner, Peter Løvenkrands. These two players scored more than half of the club's goals in 2010. Carroll finished the season as Newcastle's top scorer. He had 19 goals in all competitions. 17 were in the league, 2 in cup games.

Carroll was given squad number 9 for the 2010–11 season. This number is important for Newcastle United supporters. Great strikers like Jackie Milburn, Malcolm Macdonald and Alan Shearer have worn this squad number for Newcastle. Carroll scored his first career hat-trick against Aston Villa in the their 6–0 win in the Premier League on 22 August 2010. Carroll came on as a substitute for Kevin Nolan against Manchester City. He captained the team for the first time in this match. In October 2010, Carroll signed a new five-year contract. His contract lasted till 2015. Carroll scored Newcastle's third goal in a 3–1 victory over Liverpool at St. James' Park on 11 December 2010. It was a shot from 25-yards out. The shot was a low drive.

On 31 January 2011, Liverpool bid £30 million for Carroll. This was rejected. Newcastle then accepted a bid of £35 million. Carroll passed a medical and signed a contract soon. The transfer was completed shortly before the 11.00pm deadline. Carroll said he had been forced to leave Newcastle. But the club said he had requested a transfer after they turned down Liverpool's £30 million bid. Liverpool confirmed that Carroll would wear the number 9 jersey. This was previously worn by Fernando Torres, who left Anfield for Chelsea on the same evening for £50 million. The transfer made Carroll the eighth overall most expensive footballer at the time. He was the most expensive British footballer of all time. He also became the second most expensive footballer playing for a British club, after Torres. Carroll had suffered an injury while with Newcastle United. Therefore, Liverpool announded Carroll would have to wait some time before his debut.

He finally made his Liverpool debut as a substitute in the 3–1 win against Manchester United on 6 March 2011. On 10 March, he appeared in his first European game for Liverpool. Liverpool lost the match 1-0 to Braga in the Europa League. Carroll came as a substitute after half-time. In the return leg a week later, he made his first Liverpool start. The game finished 0–0. Liverpool left the competition because they had lost 1-0 on aggregate. On 20 March, he made his first Premier League start for Liverpool against Sunderland. He did not score. Liverpool won the game 2-0. On 11 April, Carroll scored his first goals for Liverpool. This was in a 3–0 victory against Manchester City at Anfield. His first goal was from long-range. His second was a header. He played several more times that season. But, he did not score any more goals.

On 24 August 2011, he scored his first goal of the new season. He scored it 20-yards from the goal. The match was against Exeter City. He made the score 3–0 in the second round of the League Cup. On 1 October 2011, he scored his first goal of the 2011–12 Premier League during a 2–0 victory over Everton at Goodison Park. His third goal of the season was in a 2–0 win away at West Brom. He scored his first goal of 2012 in a 5–1 third-round FA Cup victory against Oldham Athletic. He assisted the Dirk Kuyt goal in the 88th minute against Manchester United in the fourth round of the FA Cup on 28 January. As a result, Liverpool won the game. He scored his fifth goal of the season in a 3–0 victory away at Wolves on 31 January. This was on his first anniversary of joining the club. Liverpool won 6–1 against Brighton & Hove Albion in the fifth-round of the FA Cup. Carroll scored one goal and assisted one goal by Luis Suárez On 26 February, he won his first trophy with Liverpool as they won the League Cup. They beat Cardiff in the Final. On 10 April, he scored a goal from a header against Blackburn during injury-time Liverpool won the match. This ended Liverpool's run of four games without a win. Four days later, he headed in another late goal which won Liverpool the match. This time it was in a 2–1 victory against Everton in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Because of his goal, Liverpool qualified to the Final. This was his 50th match played for Liverpool. Carroll described his match-winning goal as "the best feeling ever". Team-mate Jamie Carragher said the goal was "worth £35 million in itself". He also that Carroll would "be remembered forever". Carroll also scored in the final, which Liverpool lost 2–1 to Chelsea.

On 30 August 2012, Carroll signed with West Ham. He was on a season-long loan. Liverpool wanted a clause in the deal which would make West Ham pay £17 million to bring him to the club permanently. But they had to remove it since West Ham did not agree. West Ham ultimately paid a £2 million loan arrangement fee. They also started paying all of Carroll's £80,000-a-week Liverpool wages.

Carroll made his debut on 1 September. He set-up (assisted) two goals in a 3–0 home win against Fulham. He scored his first goal on 25 November 2012. This was in a 3–1 away defeat against Tottenham Hotspur. Carroll was injured in November. He returned on 2 February 2013 againstSwansea City. He scored the only goal in that match. Carroll ended the loan spell with seven goals in 24 appearances.

On 21 May 2013, West Ham and Liverpool agreed a fee of around £15 million to make the loan move permanent Carroll agreed to the move and signed a six-year contract with West Ham on 19 June 2013. The fee was a club record.

Carroll started the 2013–14 season injured. He had a heel problem picked up in the final game of the last season. He made his first appearance of the season on 12 January 2014. He came on as a substitute in the 72nd minute of a 2–0 victory over Cardiff City. He assisted Mark Noble for West Ham's second goal.

On 1 February 2014, Carroll was sent off for being violent against Swansea City defender Chico Flores in West Ham's 2–0 win over the Welsh club. On 15 March, he scored his first Premier League goal of the season in a 3–1 defeat at Stoke City. On 31 March, he was named man of the match by Sky Sports for the way he played in a 2–1 win against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light. He scored one and assisted the other of West Ham's goals.

Carroll ended the 2013–14 Premier League season with only two goals from 18 appearances.

During a pre-season tour of New Zealand, Carroll sustained an ankle ligament injury. This meant he could not play in West Ham's first eleven Premier League matches. Carroll returned to the team on 8 November 2014. He came on as a substitute for Mark Noble in a 0–0 draw with Aston Villa.

Carroll was selected to start in the Hammers' next match. He played the full ninety minutes. West Ham lost the match 1-2 to Everton. On 7 December 2014, he scored his first two goals of the season. It was in a match against Swansea City. The Hammers won the match 3-1 at home. They were the first goals he scored at home since March 2013. On 20 December, Carroll scored the 50th league goal of his career. West Ham beat Leicester City 2-0.

On 11 September 2007, Carroll made his England under-19 debut against Belarus. He scored in the 4–0 victory. On 12 March 2009, Carroll was called up to the England U-20s for a match against Italy U-20s. He was withdrawn from the squad and replaced by Hal Robson-Kanu of Swindon Town.

Carroll received his first call up to the England U-21s on 5 August 2009. He made his debut on 11 August 2009 against Holland. He came on as a second-half substitute. His second match with the under-21 team was on 9 October 2009 against Macedonia U-21s. He scored two goals and assisted another. England won the match 6-3.

Because of Carroll's performances for Newcastle United, he was called up to the England squad for the friendly against France. This was on 17 November 2010. Carroll passed a late fitness test to start the match.
Carroll scored his first senior goal for England on 29 March 2011. He scored with a low drive from his left foot. The match was a friendly against Ghana which ended 1–1. On 15 May 2012, Carroll was selected in the squad for the 2012 European Championship. He scored the first goal for England against Sweden. The goal was from a header. England went on to win the match 3–2.

Carroll was often compared to Newcastle's record goalscorer Alan Shearer, Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba and former Italy forward Christian Vieri because of similar style of play. He has been called a classic centre forward. This is because of his strength, powerful shot and header. Former Newcastle manager and Liverpool player Kevin Keegan stated "he is probably in the top three headers of a ball I have ever seen in football". After Newcastle's 2–0 victory at home to Blackpool in September 2010, in which Carroll scored the second goal and helped in creating the first, Blackpool manager Ian Holloway described Carroll as "the best striker in the Premier League".

Carroll was born in Gateshead. He attended Brighton Avenue Primary School and Joseph Swan School.

Carroll is also a model for retail clothing company H&M. He has fronted a campaign led by fashion designer Alexander Wang. In November 2014, Carroll became engaged to reality TV star, Billi Mucklow. The couple live in Essex. In December 2014, it was announced that they are expecting their first child.

Carroll has been involved in many off-the-pitch incidents in his career. On 14 September 2008, he was arrested by police in Newcastle. He later accepted a police caution. On 7 December 2009, he was arrested in the aftermath of a nightclub fight, again in Newcastle, accused of smashing glass in a man's face. He was charged with assault and in October 2010. He pleaded guilty to common assault and was fined £1,000. He was also ordered to pay £2,500 compensation.

Whilst on international duty with England U-19s, Carroll and teammates Scott Sinclair and Ryan Bertrand were sent home from the squad. They broke a curfew on 14 October 2007 during preparation for a match against Romania U-19s.

In March 2010, Carroll was allegedly involved in an dispute with teammate Steven Taylor during training. Taylor was left with a broken jaw. Carroll was said to have suffered a broken hand in the incident. Soon after this, he was photographed at a pop concert with bandages to both hands. Newcastle manager Chris Hughton, club representatives and both players declined to comment any further on the incident. No charges were pressed.

On 18 October 2010, Carroll was charged with assault. This was in an incident with his ex-girlfriend. Carroll said he did it in self-defense. Carroll was granted bail on the condition that he resided with then Newcastle captain Kevin Nolan until the case resumed in January. The charges were later dropped due to lack of evidence. Two days following his bail, Carroll's car was set on fire whilst parked on Nolan's driveway. Obscene words were also written garage door of Nolan's house.

Following England's 1–1 draw with Ghana on 29 March 2011, England manager Fabio Capello told Carroll to reduce his drinking habits. Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish responded by saying "Well he's never bought me a drink. I've been with him at Boyzone concerts and he's still never bought me a drink!"

In an interview in April 2012, Carroll admitted that he had gained a reputation for drinking when Newcastle. He also said that since joining Liverpool in January 2011 he had "settled down" and changed his lifestyle.

Newcastle United

Liverpool

Individual


Aeronautical teaching certificate

The Aeronautical teaching certificate (CAEA) (in French "Certificat d'aptitude à l'enseignement aéronautique") is the French national degree needed to teach aviation to high school and university students.

It was created in 1999. The exam to earn the degree is in five subjects. These subject cover all of aeronautics.

Commission des titres d'ingénieur

The Commission des titres d'ingénieur (CTI) (in English "engineering accreditation institution") is the French administration that deals with accreditation of Master's degree in engineering schools (engineering "Grandes écoles"). It was created in 1934.


Frank Borman

Frank Frederick Borman II (March 14, 1928 – November 7, 2023) was an American astronaut and the commander of Apollo 8. He received a Bachelor of Science at West Point and a Master of Science in Aeronautical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology. Apollo 8 was the first mission to fly around the Moon. The other members of Apollo 8 were Jim Lovell and Bill Anders.

After leaving NASA, he was the chief executive officer (CEO) of Eastern Air Lines from 1975 to 1986. Borman was a recipient of the Congressional Space Medal of Honor.

Borman died on November 7, 2023 of a stroke in Billings, Montana at the age of 95.

William Anders

William Alison Anders (born October 17, 1933) is a former United States Air Force officer, NASA astronaut, businessman, and engineer. He is was a member of the Apollo 8 space mission. Anders, Frank Borman and Jim Lovell were the first astronauts to leave the orbit of the Earth and go to the Moon.

The crew took the first pictures taken of the earth from the Moon.

The Anders crater on the Moon is named in his honor.

He has a wife named Valerie E. Hoard. He has six children, Alan, Glen, Gregory, Eric, Gayle and Daina.

He was a fighter pilot and an air defence commander. He received a Bachelor of Science degree and a Master of Science degree in Nuclear Engineering. He graduated from Naval Academy. In 1964, NASA selected him as an astronaut with important responsibilities.

Anders was the U.S. Ambassador of Norway from 1976 until 1977.

Palazzo Pitti

Palazzo Pitti (in English sometimes called the Pitti Palace) is a palace in Florence, Italy. It is from the Renaissance period. The palace was bought by the Medici family in 1549. It became the main home of the ruling families of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany. It was the centre of government for the 300 years that Tuscany was a monarchy. Later the palace was used as a base by Napoleon. During the Risorgimento, for a short time it was the royal palace of the newly united Italy.

The palace and its contents were given to the Italian people by King Victor Emmanuel III in 1919. Its doors were opened to the public as one of Florence's largest art galleries. It is the largest museum complex in Florence. It is divided into several main galleries or museums: the Palatine Gallery, the Royal Apartments, the Gallery of Modern Art, the Silver Museum, the Porcelain Museum, the Costume Gallery and the Carriages Museum.

Behind the Pitti palace there is the Boboli's Garden. It is a historical park visited every year by about 800,000 tourists. The park is famous for the beauty of the flowers and for the very old sculptures.

B.B. King

B.B. King (born Riley B. King; September 16, 1925 – May 14, 2015) was an American blues guitarist and singer-songwriter. "Rolling Stone" magazine said that King was the third "Greatest Guitarist of All Time" in 2003.

He was born in Indianola, Mississippi. His father left the family and his mother was too poor to raise him, and so he came to his grandmother, Elnora Farr, in Kilmichael, Mississippi. There he sang in the gospel choir at Elkhorn Baptist Church. At the age of 15 he bought his first guitar. His idols were T-Bone Walker, but also jazz musicians like Charlie Christian and Django Reinhrad. 1943 he left the town and worked as a tractor driver. He performed on Sonny Boy Williamson's radio program on KWEM in West Memphis, Arkansas and reached a local audience with his sound. For this reason he got appearances in the Sixteenth Avenue Grill in West Memphis and later, a ten-minute spot on the Memphis radio station WDIA. This became so popular that it was expanded and became the "Sepia Swing Club." During his work for the radio station he got his nickname "Beale Street Blues Boy" which was later shortened to B.B.

In 1949, King began recording songs for RPM Records from Los Angeles. King formed his own band; the B.B. King Review, under the leadership of Millard Lee and went on tours.

In winter 1949 he played at a dance hall in Twist, Arkansas. The hall was heated by burning barrels filled with kerosine. During his performance two men started a fight knocking over one of them and the hall was burning. Outside he learned that he had left his guitar and he ran inside to get it. Next day he found out that the fight was started over a woman named Lucille. Since that time he named the guitar "Lucille."

In the 1950´s B.B. King became one of the most important blues musicians. He toured regularly. In 1956 he gave 352 concerts. Among his hits were "3 O'Clock Blues", "You Know I Love You," "Woke Up This Morning," "Please Love Me," "When My Heart Beats like a Hammer," "Whole Lotta Love," "You Upset Me Baby," "Every Day I Have the Blues", "Sneakin' Around," "Ten Long Years," "Bad Luck," "Sweet Little Angel", "On My Word of Honor," and "Please Accept My Love."

In the 1960 King lost importance for black listeners but could reach the white music fans. A lot of white guitarist like Eric Clapton named him as influence. King played at rock concerts and venues of the hippie culture like the Fillmore West. He also reached #15 in the US-popcharts with his title "The Thrill Is Gone". From the 1980s onward he had continued his career, appearing on numerous television shows and performing 300 nights a year. The title "When Love Comes To Town", which he performed together with the rock band U2 introduced him to a younger audience.

B.B. King was married two times. The marriages ended because of the burden of more than 200 concerts a year. It is reported that he is father of 15 children. He has lived with Type II diabetes for over twenty years and is a high-profile spokesman in the fight against the disease.

King died at the age of 89 in Las Vegas, Nevada on May 14, 2015 from complications of vascular dementia along with congestive heart failure and diabetic complications. On May 30, 2015, King's funeral was held at the Bell Grove Missionary Baptist Church in Indianola, Mississippi. He was buried at the museum.

B.B. King has made guest appearances in numerous popular television shows, including The Cosby Show, The Young and the Restless, General Hospital, The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, Sesame Street, Married... with Children, Sanford and Son, and Touched by an Angel. He has also made a cameo in the movie Spies Like Us. In the movie Blues Brothers 2000 he was the leader of The Louisiana Gator Boys, a bluessupergroup, which battles against the Blues Brothers.

He is the owner of a chain of restaurants with concert venues in the United States. The first was opened on Beale Street in Memphis 1991.


King was given a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1987. As of 2009, he has won 15 Grammy Awards, of which ten have been the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album :in 2009 (for One Kind Favor), 2005 (B. B. King & Friends: 80), 2003 (for A Christmas Celebration of Hope), 2001 (for Riding with the King), 2000 (for Blues on the Bayou), 1994 (for Blues Summit), 1992 (for Live at the Apollo), 1991 (for Live at San Quentin), 1986 (for My Guitar Sings the Blues) and 1984 (for Blues 'N' Jazz).

Some important albums are:
On DVD:
For a complete discographie visit MusicBrainz.



Atlas cedar

The Atlas cedar ("Cedrus atlantica") is a large coniferous tree of the cedrus genus and is native to the Atlas Mountains of North Africa. It is conical in shape when younger and is a more open shape when mature. It grows to 40m in height. The bark is silvery grey with deep cracks. The leaves of the Atlas cedar are 2.5 cm long, pointed, usually 4 sided and dark green to glaucous blue in colour. The female cones are 6–10 cm long, barrel-shaped, green when young, becoming brown as they mature.

Cedrus libani

Cedrus libani, the cedar of Lebanon or the Lebanese cedar is a large coniferous tree of the "cedrus" genus, it is native to the eastern Mediterranean Sea from Lebanon to Turkey. The tree grows to a maximum height of 40m and 10m wide, with a trunk of 2.5m covered in thick, scaly, black, grey-brown bark. When young it is conical in shape but as it matures it becomes flatter on top and more open in structure. The pointed, needle-shaped leaves are glaucous-blue to dark green in colour, 4 sided and about 2.5 cm long. The female cones are a dullish green when young, maturing to brown, 6–10 cm long and barrel-shaped.

The Cedar of Lebanon has great landscaping value and is widely planted in park and large gardens.

Erykah Badu

Erica Abi Wright (born February 26, 1971), better known by her stage name Erykah Badu (), is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, and actress. She rose to fame in 1997 when she released her critically well liked first album, "Baduizm". For this album she received two Grammy Awards. Badu has won a total of four Grammy Awards out of nineteen nominations. Her songs include parts from R&B, hip hop and jazz. Badu is best known for her role in the rise of the neo soul sub-genre, and for her eccentric, creative musical stylings and sense of fashion. She is known as the "Queen of Neo-Soul".

Badu has three children.




Kara Tointon

Kara Louise Tointon (born 5 August 1983) is a British actress. She was born and raised in Essex. She is best known for her role from 2005-2009 as Dawn Swann in "EastEnders". She and Artem Chigvintsev won the 2010 series of "Strictly Come Dancing". Her younger sister Hannah is also an actress.


Army Cadet Force

The Army Cadet Force (ACF) is a youth organisation in the United Kingdom where members train in military skills.

It was founded in 1859, and had its official 150th birthday in 2010, marked by the Cadet 150 celebrations.

The ACF gives a lot of youth in the UK an ability to change their lives with the opportunities it offers for little money. The ACF offers many activities such as the Summer Mountain Foundation Course (SMF). A lot of these skills can be used in both civilian and military life.

In the Army Cadets, cadets will progress through a rank structure which will improve the cadets’ team work and leadership skills while they are under pressure.

In the summer the ACF offers the opportunity for cadets to attend Annual Camp. On Annual Camp cadets will take part in hiking, fieldcraft and combat training exercises among many more activities.

Cantor set

The Cantor set is a subset of real numbers with certain properties that are interesting to mathematicians. These properties relate to topology, measurement, geometry, as well as set theory. Some of them are:
The set is named after Georg Cantor. Henry John Stephen Smith discovered it in 1875, and Cantor first described it in 1883.

The set is made by starting with a line segment and repeatedly removing the middle third. The Cantor set is the (infinite) set of points left over. The Cantor set is "more infinite" than the set of natural numbers (1, 2, 3, 4, etc.). This property is called uncountability. It is related to the Smith–Volterra–Cantor set and the Menger Sponge. The Cantor set is self-similar.

Kisarazu Air Field

The air field is north northwest of Kisarazu, Chiba Prefecture. Private charter jets also use the airport 

JGSDF Kisarazu is home to the JGSDF 1st Helicopter Brigade. These forces are part of the Central Readiness Force. 

The immediate JGSDF response to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami included helicopters from the 1st Helicopter Unit.

After the Fukushima nuclear disaster, helicopters from Kisarazu sprayed seawater from above the plant onto the damaged reactor.

Kisarazu Air Field was originally established in 1936 as a base for the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service in the Yokosuka Naval District.

After the end of World War II, the base was used by the United States Air Force (USAF) as "Kisarazu Air Base".

In 1955, the runway was expanded to multiple jet bomber operational length. 

In 1956, control of the base was officially transferred to the Japan Air Self-Defense Force (JASDF). Some USAF units remained.

By the 1960s, the US only used Kisarazu to repair United States Navy jets stationed on aircraft carriers in the Pacific. The US military units at this air field were withdrawn. 

In 1968, the JASDF relocated to Iruma Air Base, and Kisarazu was transferred to JGSDF.


Lucretius

Titus Lucretius Carus (ca. 98 BC – ca. 55 BC) was a Roman poet and philosopher. He is known for "De rerum natura" (in English:"On the Nature of the Universe"). It is an epic philosophical work about the beliefs of Epicureanism.

There are not any details about his life. Saint Jerome tells of how he became insane because of a love potion and wrote his poetry in between fits of insanity. Modern scholarship thinks this was just used to explain how he behaved. The "De rerum natura" had a large affect on the Augustan poets, including Virgil and Horace. The work were lost for a time. It was later found in a monastery in Germany. This work played an important part both in the development of atomism and in the efforts of many people of the Enlightenment era to build a new Christian humanism.

Robert Wilson

Robert Woodrow Wilson (born 10 January 1936) is an American Nobel Prize-winning astronomer. He found part of the cosmic microwave background radiation in 1964. He was working at the Bell Telephone Laboratories in New Jersey on an antenna with Arno Penzias. This antenna picked up any background 'noise' they could not get rid of. Their findings were justified by others predictions. Fourteen years later, they won the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery.

Philip Jaisohn

Philip Jaisohn (7 January 1864 – 5 January 1951) was a Korean doctor, surgeon, journalist, politician and educator. His Korean name was Seo Jae-pil ().

Seo Jae-Pil was born as the second son of a local magistrate, and was raised by one of his relatives in Seoul. When Seo Jae-Pil was a teenager, he already imbued modern political ideas in association with reformist leader Kim Okgyun.

He passed the civil service exam at the age of 18, one of the youngest persons to ever pass this exam, and became a junior officer in 1882. In the following year, he was sent to Japan where he studied both at the Keio Gijuku (the forerunner of the Keio University) and the Toyama Army Academy.

In 1884, Seo Jae-Pil, following Kim Okgyun, was involved in the Kapsin Coup, a radical attempt to overturn the old regime and establish equality among people. He was appointed the Vice-Minister of Defense. The coup was aborted in three days, as China intervened by sending military troops. Convicted of treason, Seo Jae-Pil lost his whole family and had to flee Korea to save his life.

In the United States, Seo Jae-Pil attended the Harry Hillman Academy (Wilkes-Barre, PA) thanks to the help of John Welles Hollenback. He began to use the name "Philip Jaisohn" at that time. In 1890, he became the first Korean-American to acquire United States citizenship. He studied medicine at George Washington University, and was the first Korean to receive an American medical degree in 1892.

In 1894, he married Muriel Armstrong, a niece of the former president of the United States, James Buchanan, and daughter to the U.S. Postmaster General, and had two daughters later—Stephanie and Muriel.

In 1894, Japan defeated China in the war which occurred in the Korean Peninsula, and Korean cabinet was filled with reformists. Along with these political changes, the treason of the Kapsin Coup were pardoned enabling Jaisohn's return (1895). In Korea, he endeavored to politically educate people. Most of all, Jaisohn published a newspaper, "The Independent" (독립신문), to transform Korean people into an informed citizenry. He for the first time started to print his newspaper entirely in Korean language!Asian to extend readership to lower classes and women. He promoted national independence as the principal political ideal and emphasized neutral diplomatic approaches to protect Korea from China, Russia and Japan. He also underscored the importance of public education, modernized industry and public hygienes. The Independence was particularly critical of misconducts of government officials, which brought wide reactions from the conservatives. Under the aegis of the Independence Club, Jaisohn organized the All People's Congress, an open public forum to debate over political issues. The Congress was hailed by young reformers and began to establish nationwide chapters. In 1898, conservatives accused Jaisohn and the Club of seeking to replace the monarchy with a republic, and the Korean government requested Jaisohn to return to the US. After his return, Korean government ordered the club to disband and arrested 17 leaders including Rhee Syngman.

In the United States, Jaisohn conducted medical research at the University of Pennsylvania and later became a successful printer and stationer in Philadelphia. As he heard the news of the March First Movement (1919), a nationwide protest against ruthless Japanese rule in Korea, Jaisohn convened the First Korean Congress which was held in Philadelphia for three days. After the Congress, Jaisohn devoted his energies and private properties for the freedom of Korea. He organized the League of Friends of Korea in 26 cities with the help of Rev. Floyd Tomkins, and established the Korean Information Bureau and published a political journal Korea Review to inform the American public of Korean situations and to persuade the US government to support the freedom for Koreans.

Five years later (1924), Jaisohn went legally bankrupt due to his political engagement and had to resume medical profession to make a living. At age 62, he became a student again at the University of Pennsylvania to renew his medical knowledge. Since then, he published five research articles in the medical journals specialized in pathology. During World War II, he volunteered as a physical examination officer with the belief that the victory of the U.S. would bring freedom to Korea.

Jaisohn returned to Korea once again after Japan's defeat in the World War II. The U.S. Military Government which was in control of the southern part of Korea invited him to serve as the chief advisor. As the date of the first presidential election was confirmed by the United Nations, Jaisohn was petitioned to run for presidency by 3,000 people including young Kim Dae Jung, but he refused in the end. Jaisohn felt that political unity was needed for a new nation despite his uneasy relationship with the president elect Syngman Rhee. He decided to return to the United States in 1948 and died in 1951 during the Korean War.




Bruce Forsyth

Sir Bruce Joseph Forsyth-Johnson (22 February 1928 – 18 August 2017) was an English television personality, actor and dancer. He has presented "Sunday Night at the London Palladium", "Play Your Cards Right", "The Generation Game", "You Bet?" and "The Price Is Right". He presented "Strictly Come Dancing" from 2004 to 2013.

Forsyth was born in Edmonton, Middlesex. He was educated at The Latymer School.

In 2008 he was awarded the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award. He received a Royal Television Society Lifetime Achievement Award on 17 March 2009. On 26 January 2011 he received the National Television Awards special recognition award.

From 1953 to 1973, Forsyth was married to Penny Calvert. They had three daughters: Debbie, Julie and Laura. According to his autobiography, he dated Miss World 1964 Ann Sidney during her reign. In a 2009 interview, Kathy Kirby said she was Forsyth's lover and that he proposed marriage. From 1973 to 1979, he was married to Anthea Redfern, who was the hostess on "The Generation Game". They had two daughters: Charlotte and Louisa. He fell in love with his fellow judge, Wilnelia Merced, at the 1980 Miss World competition. They married in 1983, and had one son together, Jonathan Joseph Forsyth Johnson (born 1987). By his six children, he had eight grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.

On 18 August 2017, Forsyth died at his home in Surrey, England of complications of bronchopneumonia, aged 89.

London Heliport

London Heliport at Battersea, London is the capital's main and busiest heliport. 

It is on the south bank of the River Thames, 3 nautical miles (3.5 miles or 5.6 km) southwest of Westminster Bridge and the Palace of Westminster. It is on a jetty between Wandsworth Bridge and Battersea Railway Bridge. The nearest railway station is Clapham Junction, and the nearest tube station is Fulham Broadway.

The heliport, once owned by Westland and then Harrods, is a very small site. It uses a concrete surface on a jetty as a helipad for take-off and landing. There is onshore parking for between three and four aircraft, usually just the smaller helicopters. The heliport has landing, parking and refuelling services between 08:00 and 21:00. Flights are permitted between 07:00 and 23:00. 

In 2012 it was bought by the Reuben Brothers, for £35 million. In 2016, the heliport's official name became the NetJets London Heliport, after the private jet company signed a branding deal with the owners.

The nearest main line railway station is and the nearest London Underground station is .

Bioleaching

Bioleaching is getting metals from their ores by using living organisms. This is much cleaner than the traditional method using cyanide. Bioleaching is one of several methods used to recover copper, zinc, lead, arsenic, antimony, nickel, molybdenum, gold, silver, and cobalt. 

Bioleaching uses certain types of bacteria to produce a solution called a "leachate". By leaving these bacteria with a low-grade metal ore, they can produce leachates which have a compound of that metal. Because this is in a solution it can be used in electrolysis to make the pure metal. This only produces small amounts each time, and is repeated to make it economically viable.

Francesco Guicciardini

Francesco Guicciardini (March 6, 1483 – May 22, 1540) was an Italian historian and statesman. He is considered one of the major political writers of the Italian Renaissance and the Father of Modern History. He was a friend and critic of Niccolò Machiavelli.

His family was illustrious and noble; after the usual education of a boy in grammar and elementary classical studies, his father, Piero, sent him to the universities of Ferrara and Padua, where he stayed until the year 1505. In 1512, he went to the court of the King of Aragon, Ferdinand the Catholic as ambassador.

In 1515 he became working for the Pope Leo X, who made him governor of Reggio Emilia in 1516 and of Modena in 1517.


Cyprus cedar

The Cyprus cedar ("Cedrus brevifolia") is a large coniferous member of the "cedrus" genus and is native to Cyprus where it grows in the Troödos Mountains. It is thought by some experts to be either a variety or a subspecies of the Cedar of Lebanon.

It grows to 25m in height and up to 12m in width. When young it has a conical shape but as it matures it becomes broader with a flattened top. It has bark that is silvery-grey, becoming thickened, with deep cracks as the tree ages. The needle-shaped leaves are grey-green to mid-green, but sometimes bluish-green and they are attached singly to long shoots and in dense cluster of 20-30 on short shoots. The cones are cylindrical, 7–10 cm long and green when young but maturing to a pale brown when they shed their scales and winged seeds.

Glaucous

Glaucous is a color that is bluish-green or bluish-grey. In botany it refers to a pale bluish waxy or powdery layer on a surface such as a leaf or a fruit. In birds it refers to a pale bluish grey color of the feathers, legs or some other part of the bird.

"Glaucous" appears in the name of some plants and birds. For example, - Glaucous Gull, "(Larus glaucescens)" or Glaucous Macaw, "(Anodorhynchus glaucus)". In botany there is the Glaucous Sedge, "(Carex flacca)" and the Glaucous Michelmas Daisy, "(Symphyotrichum laeve)".

Often grapes, plums and other fruit have a glaucous waxy or powdery layer on the surface of their skin. That layer protects the fruit from water. It can be easily rubbed off.

Cliff Richard

Sir Cliff Richard (born Harry Rodger Webb; 14 October 1940) is a British singer, musician and actor. He is the only male solo artist to have had number one singles in the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s. His most recent album, "Music... The Air That I Breathe" was released in 2020.

Richard was born in Lucknow, India. In 1940, he and his British parents moved from India to England, first moving to Carshalton, Surrey, then to Waltham Cross, followed by Cheshunt, both in Hertfordshire.

Richard began his music career in 1958 and is still performing. His name Richard comes from Little Richard. His backing group are The Shadows. He performed the United Kingdom entry at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1968 and in 1973.

In 1980 Richard was given an OBE. In 1995, he became a Knight. This means that he has a 'Sir' in front of his name. A person is given a Knighthood by The Queen.

Between 1960 and 1963 Richard presented "The Cliff Richard Show".

In 2008 a book that he wrote about his life so far, "My Life My Way" was published. It was also released as an audiobook.

Richard is a devout Christian.

In August 2013, Richard's Berkshire home was searched by police over a claim of sexual assault on a boy aged under 16 in 1985. He was not arrested or charged.


Guido Cavalcanti

Guido Cavalcanti (1259 – August 1300) was an Italian poet from Florence. He was the best friend of Dante Alighieri as well as an influence on his thinking. Cavalcanti is one of the most important poets of Dolce stil novo, and he is widely regarded as the first major poet of Italian literature.
Cavalcanti was born into a noble Guelph family; his father was Cavalcante de Cavalcanti. In 1267 he got married to Bice, daughter of Farinata degli Uberti, leader of the Florentine Ghibellines. In 1284 he became a member of the general council, together with Brunetto Latini and Dino Compagni. On June 24 1300 he was exiled, so he went to Sarzana. On August 19 of the same year he could return in Florence, but he died after a few days, on August 29.

Guido Cavalcanti wrote sonnets and ballads. Only fifty two poems by the poet are known today. Hist best works are the canzone "Donna mi prega" ("A lady asks me"), the ballad "I' prego voi che di dolor parlate" ("I ask you that speak about suffering") and the sonnet "L’anima mia vilment’ è sbigotita" ("My soul is in distress").

Cavalcanti's poems were translated into English by Dante Gabriel Rossetti, Ezra Pound and A.S. Kline.



Kadena Air Base

The military base is in the towns of Kadena and Chatan and the city of Okinawa in Okinawa Prefecture.

During the invasion of Okinawa in 1945, the airport was bombed by the US. The damage was repaired and it became a US air base. 

The American air base on this Japanese island is controversial.



Suruga Province

Suruga had borders with Izu, Kai, Sagami, Shinano, and Tōtōmi provinces. The province had access to the Pacific Ocean at Suruga Bay.

Suruga was one of the original provinces of Japan. It was established in the Nara period as part of the Taihō Code reforms. 

During the Kamakura period, Suruga was controlled by the Hōjō clan.

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between the Imperial capital at Kyoto and the main city of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The road passed through Suruga.
Tokugawa Ieyasu lived in Sumpu Castle in Suruga when he retired from the role of Shōgun. He died at Sunpu. 

During the Edo period, the chief shogunate official in Sumpu was the "Sunpu jōdai".

After the Meiji Restoration of 1868, the last Tokugawa Shōgun, Tokugawa Yoshinobu retired to Suruga.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izu Province were reformed in the 1870s. Being located near Mt. Fuji made Suruga a popular place to make maps during the Meiji period.

"Sengen jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Suruga. 


The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey

The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a 2012 epic fantasy and adventure movie. It is the first part of the Hobbit trilogy.

The movie took in over $1 billion overall. The film was followed in 2013 by "" and in 2014 by "".

The film stars Ian McKellen, Martin Freeman, Lee Pace, Adam Brown, and other casts. Luke Evans, Stephen Fry and Orlando Bloom does not appear in the first film.

Bilbo Baggins gets a request from Gandalf to go on a journey. Later that night, a group of dwarves visited Bilbo's house.


The Hobbit (movie series)

The Hobbit is a three-part fantasy movie. These parts are "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey" (2012), "The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug" (2013) and "The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies" (2014). The movies are based on J. R. R. Tolkien's book "The Hobbit". The film series stars Martin Freeman, Ian McKellen, Luke Evans, Lee Pace, Stephen Fry, Orlando Bloom and other.



Variety (botany)

In botany, variety is a rank (like species or subspecies) or a taxon in that rank. Like a subspecies, a variety gets a three-part name (a trinomial); such a variety name will include the name of the species and the variety epithet. The term "variety" is often shortened to "var." Some examples of this use are:

A variety is a plant that is different in some way, and continues to be different, from the rest of the species but is not different enough for it to be classified as a new species or as a sub-species. This difference will usually be bigger than those of a form; a form will have one or more small differences, for example, different coloured flowers, lack of thorns, variegation or different coloured leaves. These variations come about by natural evolutionary process to which most plants are subject. However, a taxonomist can use their own judgement as to at what rank they want to recognize a different plant. What one taxonomist will call a variety, another will call just a form, or will decide not to recognize as being distinct.

Different varieties of a species will be able to breed together if given the opportunity (just like subspecies, and forms, or for that matter many species).

A variety is not to be confused with a cultivar, which is something else entirely. The name of a cultivar can be recognized because it includes an epithet that is written with initial capital letters, in a different font and is set in single quote marks as shown in these examples:


Boris Godunov

Boris Fyodorovich Godunov (, c. 1551 – ) was a famous tsar (emperor) of Russia. He ruled as a regent from about 1585 to 1598 and then as tsar from 1598 to 1605. In many ways he was a good tsar, but he had not inherited the throne. He became more and more anxious that a pretender would come who would claim to be Dmitri, the son of the previous tsar, Ivan IV (Ivan the Terrible) and try to get the throne. Dmitri had actually been murdered. The story of Boris Godunov is told in Pushkin’s play "Boris Godunov" and in Mussorgsky’s opera "Boris Godunov", but the story told by Pushkin and Mussorgsky is probably not exactly how it really happened. Both Pushkin and Mussorgsky had read a book on Russian history written by the court historian Karamzin, written in 1803. Karamzin describes Godunov as a powerful tsar who was also a weak human being, but he changed some historical facts to fit in with this theory.

Boris came from a boyar family (i.e. they belonged to the nobility). His parents were dead and he was brought up at the court of the Tsar in Moscow. The Tsar who ruled was Ivan IV, known as Ivan the Terrible who really was a very cruel ruler. He ruled for more than 50 years. Boris was very close to the royal family. One of the Tsar’s sons, Fyodor, who was not very intelligent. He married Irina, the sister of Boris. The Tsar killed his eldest son. When the Tsar died he had a son Dmitry who was only two years old. Dmitri was not allowed to become tsar, because he was the son of Ivan’s 7th marriage, and the rules of the Russian Orthodox Church were that no one should be allowed to marry more than three times (of course, no one had dared to try to stop Ivan from all those marriages). So Fyodor became Tsar Fyodor I. He was not bright enough to rule himself. We would probably say that he was mentally disabled, or that he had “learning difficulties”. Boris therefore became regent: he ruled for him. Some boyars were against Boris, but Boris somehow managed to silence them. In some ways Boris did a good job. He made Russia a safer place, fighting back the Tatars in the south and making strong contacts with Europe. He built towns and fortresses, made sure that Western Siberia was firmly under Moscow’s control, and made the head of the Muscovite Church a patriarch. In 1598 Fyodor died and Irina should have become Tsarina, but she refused and went to live in a convent. The boyars voted for Boris to become Tsar.

At first everything went well, but in 1601-1603 the harvest was bad and many poor people starved. The people became angry with the Tsar, because he had made very strict rules which took away the rights of the serfs (most of the poor people were serfs). There were still several royal families in Russia. They started to plot against Boris because they saw him as a threat to themselves. Boris got lots of spies to watch these families. He accused the families of treason and sent some of them to Siberia or to monasteries in the north or Russia. One of these families were the Romanovs who were later to produce a long line of tsars.

While this crisis was happening a young man called Grigory Otrepev arrived. He was a pretender. He said that he was Dmitry, Ivan’s youngest son who had been murdered in 1591. At the time people had said that it was an accident, caused by the boy’s epilepsy. But some people thought that Boris had murdered him (or ordered him to be murdered) so that he himself could become Tsar. The pretender said that he had actually escaped from the people who were trying to murder him. The pretender got lots of people on his side, including Poles and Cossacks. He marched towards Moscow. Boris’s armies tried to stop them, but then Boris died suddenly. Dmitri (as he called himself) was able to march into Moscow and (falsely) claim the throne.

A period of chaos followed in Russia with many deaths and changes of rulers. This lasted until Micael Romanov was chosen as Tsar in 1613.

It is now thought that the Romanov family made up evidence to make things looks as if Boris Godunov had been guilty of the murder of Ivan’s son. Karamzin, who later wrote a history of Russia, made it look as if it were true that Boris had murdered him. When Pushkin wrote his play "Boris Godunov" he followed Karamzin’s version of the story and this is also the story as told in Mussorgsky’s opera "Boris Godunov".


Iced tea

Iced tea (also known as ice tea) is cold tea (drink) usually served in a glass with ice. 

Sometimes, sugar is added to iced tea. This is sometimes called "sweet tea". Sometimes, fruit flavors like lemon, peach, or raspberry are added to the tea.

Many kinds of iced tea can be bought in bottles or cans. 

Walt Whitman

Walter "Walt" Whitman (May 31, 1819 – March 26, 1892) was an American poet, essayist and journalist. He was an important American poet of the 19th century.

His most famous collection of poems is "Leaves of Grass", which was first published in 1855 with his own money. The work was an attempt at reaching out to the common person. Whitman kept adding to this book right up until he died of pneumonia, in 1892. It was controversial because readers thought it was obscene. It included some sexuality.

Whitman was either bisexual or homosexual. However, there is disagreement about whether Whitman had actual sexual experiences with men.

Whitman was deeply influenced by deism. He denied any one faith was more important than another, and embraced all religions equally.

Whitman first tried writing in many different popular genres. In 1850, he began writing "Leaves of Grass", a collection of poetry which he would continue working on until his death. Whitman wanted to write an epic that was clearly American, using free verse. At the end of June 1855, Whitman surprised his brothers with the first copies of "Leaves of Grass". His brother George "didn't think it worth reading".
Whitman paid for the publication of the first version of "Leaves of Grass" himself and had it printed at a local print shop. A total of 795 copies were printed. The first page was an image of Whitman, but he doesn't write his name until 500 lines into the body of the text. Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote a kind five-page letter to Whitman and praised the book to friends. The first edition of "Leaves of Grass" was very popular, but was some people didn't like the "obscene" or offensive parts of the poetry.

In the months after the first edition of "Leaves of Grass", people became more upset about the sexual themes. Because of this, the publisher almost did not release the second edition. In 1856, 20 new poems were added. Different versions of "Leaves of Grass" continued to be published throughout the rest of Whitman's life. Many famous writers like Amos Bronson Alcott and Henry David Thoreau liked the work enough to visit Whitman.

Boyar

A boyar was a member of the ruling nobility in medieval Russia and some other Slavic countries such as Bulgaria. The boyars held the most important jobs in the army. They met in a group called the duma and gave advice to the ruling prince or, in later times, the tsar. In the 13th and 14th centuries they were rich landowners who could advise the prince, but they were free to go and work for another prince if they wanted to.

In Moscow from the 15th to the 17th centuries they were a closely bonded aristocracy. There were about 200 boyar families. Their ancestors were former princes, or Moscow boyar families or foreign aristocrats. They were not nobility in the European sense. Many of them had bad manners and not many of them could read. They did not travel, and they were suspicious of anything foreign

In the 17th century they started to lose power. In the early 18th century Tsar Peter the Great abolished the title of boyar.

Pretender

A pretender is someone who says that he or she has the right to be ruler. The word is often used to describe someone who claims that they have the right to be king, queen, emperor etc. They claim that the ruler who is on the throne should not be there. 

Sometimes people call such a person a "claimant". The person may be an imposter (someone who is pretending to be someone else). Often they are pretending to be a prince or other royal person who is missing or whom people think is dead. However, they may have a genuine right to the throne. The word "pretend" comes from the French word "prétendre" (from the Latin "praetendo" lit. "to stretch out before"). It means: to profess, to make a loud statement. In modern English the word "pretend" means "to claim falsely".


Native American mythology

Native American mythology is the body of traditional stories associated with Native American religion.

Low Earth orbit

A low Earth orbit (LEO) is usually described as an orbit inside the area which comes from the Earth’s surface up to an altitude of . Other definitions use other numbers such as orbital eccentricity and orbital period. Satellites in LEO go around the Earth many times per day. 

Satellites are put in low Earth orbit if the things they do must be done in outer space but need not be far away. Some satellites are in LEO to photograph the Earth, for example some weather satellites and Earth resource satellites. Most space telescopes are in LEO since they only have to be above the Earth's atmosphere. The International Space Station is in LEO. 

Bornu Empire

The Bornu Empire (1380-1893) was an African state of Nigeria from 1380 to 1893.

Tōtōmi Province

The province had borders with Mikawa, Suruga and Shinano Provinces. 

Tōtōmi was one of the original provinces of Japan established in the Nara period under the Taihō Code. 

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between Kyoto and Edo. The road passed through Tōtōmi.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izu Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Oguni jinja" and "Kotonomamahachimangū" were the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of Tōtōmi.



Altitude

"Altitude" means height above the ground or above the sea level. Common uses include aviation (flying, parachuting, gliding), and geography/surveying. In geometry it is also used as the height of the object itself. Generally, altitude is the distance one thing is above another thing. This is in the vertical or "up" direction. For the height of the ground (such as for hills and mountains), the word elevation is also used and might be a better choice. (Mountain climbers usually use the word altitude, especially when talking about how it affects the body). Buildings and other things on the ground usually just use the word height.

Vertical distance measurements in the "down" direction are commonly referred to as depth.

In aviation, the altitude can be measured and shown in several different ways. The height is either from the average sea level (also called "Mean Sea Level" or MSL), or from the ground (also called "Above Ground Level", or AGL).

Airplanes can find their altitude by using air pressure. The air gets thinner the higher it is (and it has less pressure, because there's less air pushing down on it from above). This pressure can be measured and this can be converted into a height above sea level. The instrument for measuring altitude is the altimeter (from "altitude" and "meter"). The common pressure altimeter is a type of barometer with a dial showing distance (feet or metres) instead of atmospheric pressure.

There are several types of aviation altitude.

In simple terms, these types of altitude can be explained as ways of measuring the altitude:

The density of the air also affects how well an aircraft works. Density altitude is affected by barometric pressure, humidity and temperature. On a very hot day, density altitude at an airport (especially one at a high elevation) may be so high that aircraft can not take-off. This most often affects helicopters or an aircraft that is carrying a large amount of cargo.

The Earth's atmosphere is divided into several regions, based on altitude. The regions have different temperatures and winds and what things are in it. The regions are:

Regions on the surface of the Earth or in its atmosphere that are high above mean sea level are said to be high altitude. High altitude is often said to begin at above sea level.

At high altitude, atmospheric pressure is lower than that at sea level. This is because of two effects. These effects are gravity and the heat in the air. Gravity makes the air to be as close as possible to the ground. The amount of heat in the air makes the molecules move quickly and push against each other. This makes the air expand. So most of the air will be in the lower atmosphere, closer to sea level, and all the air pushing against each other is called air pressure. So air pressure is less the higher you go. 

As the air expands from heat, it rises to where the air pressure is less. As it rises, it can expand and it begins to cool. Because of this, high altitude air is cold. This causes an alpine climate. This climate affects the ecology at high altitude.

Altitudes above start to affect humans. Humans cannot live in very high altitudes above . Atmospheric pressure decreases at high altitudes. This affects humans because there is less oxygen to breathe. This can cause illnesses such as altitude sickness, high altitude pulmonary edema (fluid in the lungs), and high altitude cerebral edema (fluid in the brain, causing headaches and confusion). 

The human body can deal with high altitude by breathing faster, having a higher heart rate, and changing the blood itself to have more red blood cells that can carry oxygen. This can take days or weeks to happen. This works for people who live in the high mountains, and mountain climbers. For climbers, this is called "acclimatization". Pilots and other people who go quickly to high altitudes need to be in a space suit, pressure suit, or inside a pressurized airplane, so the air is still the same as at the ground. Above , the human body cannot make the needed changes and will eventually die. Several of the world's tallest mountains are this high, the climbers usually take oxygen tanks with them, and only stay for a few hours at the highest levels.

People living at higher elevations have a higher rate of suicide. The reason is not yet known. 


Focus city

In the airline industry, a focus city is an airport that is important to one airline but is not a hub. An airline has daily flights from the Focus city to many destinations that are also not its hubs. Even though the word ""city"" is part of this term, it means a city's airport, not the city. 

An example of an airline's focus city is US Airways (now part of American Airlines) at Washington National Airport in Arlington, Virginia. Focus city airports can have some of the same facilities that hubs have. For example, the airline may repair or clean their aircraft at a focus city because it is cheaper. They might also have places and equipment to handle cargo.

Many low-cost carriers that mostly fly point-to-point use focus cities more than hubs. Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Allegiant Air and WestJet in the Americas, and Ryanair, EasyJet, Norwegian Air Shuttle and Wizz Air in Europe are examples.


Standing wave

In physics, a standing wave – also called a stationary wave – is a wave that oscillates in one constant position.

The word oscillate simply describes the vibrating movement of particles in a medium when acted upon by a wave, or the regular "up and down" motion shown in the animation. Oppositely to a progressive (moving) wave, stationary waves do not transfer energy in a given direction when they oscillate.

When a guitar string is plucked, for example, a stationary wave is formed. This happens because on releasing the string, two progressive waves move down the string in opposite directions. When they reach the point where the string is tied down, they cannot move beyond this boundary. At the boundary, the wave is reflected and travels back in the opposite direction. The two reflected waves meet and interfere with one another. Superposition occurs, the opposing directions of the reflected waves cancel out resulting in one "stationary" wave.

Mexico–United States border

The United States–Mexico border is the international border between the United States and Mexico. 

It runs from Imperial Beach, California, and Tijuana, Baja California, in the west to Matamoros, Tamaulipas, and Brownsville, Texas, in the east. It covers a variety of terrains, ranging from major urban areas to inhospitable deserts. 

From the Gulf of Mexico it follows the course of the Rio Grande (Río Bravo del Norte) to the border crossing at El Paso, Texas, and Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua. Westward from there it crosses vast tracts of the Sonoran and Chihuahuan Desert. Then it crosses the Colorado River Delta, west to San Diego and Tijuana before reaching the Pacific Ocean. The US-Mexican border is considered an open border.

The border's total length is , according to figures given by the International Boundary and Water Commission. It is the most frequently crossed international border in the world, with approximately three hundred fifty million (350,000,000) crossings per year.

Valeri Bure

Valeri Bure (born 1974) is a retired NHL hockey player for the Montreal Canadiens. He is Russian.

Dallas Fort Worth International Airport

Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport , often called Dallas Airport and DFW Airport, is between the cities of Dallas and Fort Worth, Texas. It is the busiest airport in Texas. It serves the larger metropolitan area. Regional, national and international flights use this airport. Flights go to 144 domestic and 47 international destinations.

In 2010, it was the fourth busiest airport in the world in terms of aircraft movements with 652,261. it was the eighth busiest airport in the world when measured by passenger traffic, with 56,906,610 passengers in 2010. It is the main hub and largest hub for American Airlines.

The airport is in the cities of Coppell, Euless, Grapevine, and Irving. The land for DFW was purchased by both Dallas and Fort Worth in 1966, and construction began in 1969.

These airlines go to DFW Airport: 

German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association

The German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association () — an association of German insurers of the nuclear industry in Cologne. The German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association also is involved in the reinsurance industry.

The first associations of insurers of the nuclear industry in Europe were founded in Sweden and England in 1955. The German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association was founded shortly thereafter in 1957. Throughout the association's history, it has only once had to pay a claim; the claim amounted to about €10,000 to €15,000.

Despite the slight probability of losses resulting from an insured event in the nuclear industry, in the event of an insured event does occur the possibilities for damages are considerable. As such a single insurance company is unable to bear such risk alone. Under German law, the transfer of a nuclear risk of an insurer to a reinsurer is prohibited. In 1998 the Atomic Energy Act established the maximum insurance liability of nuclear insurer at about €2.5 billion; for damages above that cap the Federal Government is liable according to § 34 of the Atomic Energy Act. If the total damage exceeds the stipulated maximum sum of €2.55 billion, the German Federal Government pays the German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association for the excess losses. The insurance payments include the cost of evacuating people.

Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant was insured for some tens of millions of euros with German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association. Under the terms of the insurance policy, the policyholder was not insured for damage caused by earthquakes, tsunamis, and volcanic eruptions. Therefore the German Nuclear Reactor Insurance Association had no resulting liability to Tokyo Electric Power Company, the owner of the Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant, because of Fukushima I nuclear accidents.

Impact of Christianity on western civilization

Christianity has been historically intertwined with Western civilization. However, it is difficult to decide what its effects were.

Through its long history, the Church has been a major source of social services. Several universities were founded by the Church. Some historians of science, have argued that the Church had a significant, positive influence on the development of science. Some of the Church's priests have contributed to science. In various ways the Church has sought to affect Western attitudes to vice and virtue in diverse fields. It has, over many centuries, preached the teachings of Jesus within the Western World and remains a source of continuity linking modern Western culture to classical Western culture.

The Bible and Christian theology have influenced Western philosophers and political activists. Christian teachings on sexuality and marriage have been influential.

The cultural influence of the Church has been vast. Festivals like Easter and Christmas are marked globally as public holidays; Pope Gregory XIII's Gregorian Calendar has been adopted internationally. Year numbering in the West is taken from the assumed date of the birth of the Church's founder, Jesus of Nazareth. In the list of the 100 most influential people in human history there are 65 Christian figures from various fields.
Christian scholars and scientists have made noted contributions to science and technology fields, as well as Medicine, both historically and in modern times. Some scholars and historians attribute Christianity to having contributed to the rise of the Scientific Revolution. Most scientists of that time considered themselves Christian such as Nicolaus Copernicus, Galileo Galilei, Johannes Kepler, Isaac Newton and Robert Boyle.

Protestantism has had an important influence on science. According to the Merton thesis, there was a positive correlation between the rise of English Puritanism and German Pietism on the one hand and early experimental science on the other. Robert K. Merton focused on English Puritanism and German Pietism as having been responsible for the development of the scientific revolution of the 17th and 18th centuries. He explained that the connection between religious affiliation and interest in science was the result of a significant link between the ascetic Protestant values and those of modern science.

Copernicus, a Catholic priest, delayed publication of his work on heliocentrism until the year of his death. The theory attracted attention among scientists. Decades later, Galileo Galilei took an interest in astronomy, and raised the question more prominently. This brought the attention of the Committee for Propaganda of the Catholic Church, otherwise known as the Inquisition. He was tried, convicted, and forced to retract his published belief in heliocentrism. 

Centuries later, the Catholic church had lost interest in subjecting natural philosophy to dogma. The relation of the now separate Church of England to evolution was complicated by the lack of the centralised authority of a Pope. Many conservative clerics opposed evolution fiercely, whilst few liberal clerics saw conflict with their beliefs. Before he published the "On the Origin of Species", Charles Darwin feared the reaction of the church, and spent years collecting evidence as defence to the expected criticism. Long after it was all but universally accepted, some Protestant leaders continued to resist evolution.

Jean-Pierre Houël

Jean-Pierre-Louis-Laurent Houël (28 June 1735 – 14 November 1813) was French artist. He was painting at the time of the French Revolution. One of his well known paintings is the "Prise de la Bastille" (The Storming of the Bastille), 1789. The capture of the Bastille prison was an important event in the Revolution, and remembered with a celebration and holiday on the anniversary, known as Bastille Day.

Sagami Province

The province had borders with Izu, Musashi, Suruga provinces. Its Pacific Ocean border included Sagami Bay. 

The ancient capital city of the province was near Hiratsuka.

Sagami was one of the original provinces of Japan established in the Nara period under the Taihō Code. 

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between Kyoto and Edo. The road passed through Sagami.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izu Province were reformed in the 1870s.

All of Sagami became part of the new Kanagawa Prefecture in 1876.

In 1906, the Imperial Japanese Navy battleship "Sagami" was named after the province.

"Samukawa jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Hōki. 


Relay

A relay is an electromagnetically operated switch. It was invented in the 19th century to make electric telegraph signals go farther. Nowadays relays control circuits with low-voltages. Many machines use them, including vehicles and electronics.

Young Frankenstein

Young Frankenstein is a 1974 comedy movie directed by Mel Brooks starring Gene Wilder, Teri Garr, Cloris Leachman, Marty Feldman, Peter Boyle, Madeline Kahn, Kenneth Mars, Danny Goldman, David L. Lander, Michael McKean, Richard Haydn and Gene Hackman. The movie is a parody of the classical horror movie genre. In 2003, it was deemed "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant" by the United States National Film Preservation Board, and selected for preservation in the Library of Congress National Film Registry.

It tells the story of Frederick Frankenstein, grandson of Victor, the mad scientist whose experiments in re-animation led to the creation of a monster; to disassociate himself from his legacy, Frederick insists that his surname be pronounced "Fronk-en-steen". He has to travel to Transylvania because he has inherited his family's estate, where he meets Igor, a hunchbacked, bulging-eyed servant, and Inga.

E. M. Forster

Edward Morgan Forster OM, CH (1 January 1879 – 7 June 1970) was a British writer.

Forster was born in Marylebone, London. He attended Tonbridge School, an independent school in Tonbridge, Kent. He studied at Kings College, Cambridge.

Forster was a homosexual and wrote about homosexuality, class division and gender. His novels include "Where Angels Fear to Tread", "The Longest Journey", "A Room with a View", "Howards End", "A Passage to India" and "Maurice". He also wrote short stories, plays, essays, libretti and travel guides.

Forster died of a stroke in Coventry, Warwickshire.

United States Navy SEALs

The United States Navy Sea, Air, and Land Teams, commonly known as Navy SEALs, are the U.S. Navy's special forces. Their acronym is derived from their ability to operate at sea, in the air, and on land. In the War on Terrorism, SEALs have been utilized almost exclusively for land-based missions. All SEALs are male members of the United States Navy. The CIA, more specifically its Special Activities Division, often recruits operators from the SEAL Teams. Joint Navy SEALs and CIA operations go back to the famed MACV-SOG during the Vietnam War. Joint operations have continued, as seen in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and in the finding and killing of Osama bin Laden in Pakistan on may 1st through 2nd 2011.

The Navy SEALs were formed in the second world war. The United States Navy found the need for covert, elite operations. As a result, the Amphibious Scout and Raider School was established in 1942 at Fort Pierce, Florida. The Scouts and Raiders were formed in September of that year, nine months after the attack on Pearl Harbor.

The first group included Phil H. Bucklew, the "Father of Naval Special Warfare," in whose honor the Naval Special Warfare Center building is named. Started in October 1942, this group saw action in November 1942 during Operation Torch, the first allied landings in Europe, on the North African coast. Scouts and Raiders also helped during landings in Sicily, Salerno, Anzio, Normandy, and southern France.

A second group of Scouts and Raiders was started on 7 July 1943. Their first mission, in September 1943, was at Finschafen on New Guinea. Later operations were at Gasmata, Arawe, Cape Gloucester, and the East and South coast of New Britain. 

The third Scout and Raiders organization operated in China. Scouts and Raiders were to fight with the Sino-American Cooperative Organization, or SACO. They conducted a patrol of the upper Yangtze River in the spring of 1945 and, disguised as coolies, conducted a detailed three-month patrol of the Chinese coast from Shanghai to Kitchioh Wan, near Hong Kong.

President John F. Kennedy, aware of the situations in Southeast Asia, recognized the need for special operations in the fight against guerrilla warfare. In a speech to Congress on 25 May 1961, Kennedy spoke of his respect for the United States Army Special Forces. In the speech he announced his intention to spend over $100 million to strengthen U.S. special operations forces and expand American capabilities in unconventional warfare. Some people have assumed this was the start of the SEALS, but they had already long been active.

John Gould Veitch

John Gould Veitch (April 1839 – 13 August 1870) was an expert on plants and growing plants, he was also a traveller and one of the first Victorian British plant experts to visit Japan to look for and collect new plants. He was a great-grandson of John Veitch, the founder of the Veitch family plant growing business. He also visited the Philippines, Australia, Fiji, and other Polynesian islands looking for new plants to bring back to Great Britain.

He brought back a number of the glasshouse plants that were in fashion at the time, such as "Acalyphas", "Cordylines", "Codiaeums" (Crotons) and "Dracaenas", and from Fiji, a palm of a new genus later named after him, "Veitchia joannis", in addition to this genus the Veitch family name is honoured by hundreds of other plant names.

In Japan, he met another famous plant collector called Robert Fortune, and their competing collections returned to England on the same ship. For example, each man claimed that they had discovered a species of "Chamaecyparis pisifera" (a kind of cypress).

He married Jane Hodge soon after his return to England in 1866 and they had two sons, James Herbert Veitch, (1868 – 1907) and John Gould Veitch, Jr. (1869 – 1914)

John Gould Veitch died of tuberculosis at the age of 31.

Julia set

A Julia set is a fractal. It is a set defined given a rational function (written "J(f)"). The Fatou set of a rational function ("F(f)") is the complementary set of the Julia set of "f". The Fatou set of a function are the values such that all nearby values behave similarly when the function is repeatedly iterated.


Dudley Moore

Dudley Stuart John Moore CBE (19 April 1935 – 27 March 2002) was a British actor, comedian and musician.

Moore was born in Charing Cross Hospital, London and raised in Dagenham, Essex. He studied at Magdalen College, Oxford. 

Moore became a pianist and composer. He began a comedy double act with Peter Cook. Moore acted in movies in the United Kingdom and in the United States. He starred in movies including "Bedazzled", "10", "Arthur" and "".

Moore died of progressive supranuclear palsy and pneumonia in Plainfield, New Jersey.

Scent of a Woman

Scent of a Woman is a 1992 American drama movie starring Al Pacino and directed by Martin Brest. It is based on 1969 novel by Giovanni Arpino "" ("The Darkness and the Honey") and is a remake of 1974 Italian movie "Profumo di donna".

Barbara Mori

Barbara Mori (born February 2, 1978 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Mexican actress. She is best known for lead role of the Bollywood film, "Kites" also Telenovela "Rubí" in which she played the main character.



Arnold Palmer

Arnold Daniel Palmer (September 10, 1929 – September 25, 2016) was an American professional golfer. He won many events in PGA and Champions Tours dating back to 1955. These included winning the Masters Tournament, the U.S. Open, and The Open Championship.

Palmer was born in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. He studied at Wake Forest College. 

Palmer died at a hospital in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on September 25, 2016, aged 87. He died from complications of heart problems while awaiting for heart surgery.

Paula Deen

Paula Deen (born January 19, 1947) is an American celebrity chef and television host. She has published fourteen cookbooks.

She was born in Albany, Georgia. 

On June 21, 2013, The Food Network announced they would not renew her contract because Deen used racist slurs.

Minamisōma

Minamisōma was formed on 1 January 2006 when three neighboring towns were merged in a new city -- Haramachi, Odaka, and Kashima.

The tsunami partly covered the city on 11 March 2011. It damaged the city severely. As of 9 April 2011, 400 residents were known to be dead and 1,100 missing.

Minamisōma is about 25 km north of the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant. Much of the city is in the area near the plant where people should not live. Most people in the city had to leave. About a week after the earthquake, Minamisōma was in the news again as the town's mayor Katsunobu Sakarai complained about orders telling people still near the plant to stay in their homes. He said they had been 'abandoned'.

In mid-summer 2011, tests found radioactive cesium above the legal limit in beef from Minamisōma.

In 2012, plans were made to build solar plants on radiation-contaminated farmlands.

In 2013, some critics complained that reports issued by the World Health Organisation (WHO) were misleading. According to some public health experts, the health impact of nuclear fallout from the Fukushima nuclear disaster is under-estimated.

Response to YouTube video for help:

Aries Spears

Aries Spears (born April 3, 1975) is an American actor, voice actor and comedian. He was born in Chicago, Illinois He is best known for his acting in "MADtv".

Les Canadiennes de Montréal

The Les Canadiennes (, formerly the Montreal Stars are a women's ice hockey team in the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL). They have won the League championship four times and the Clarkson Cup (the highest honour in North American women's hockey) two times, more than any other women's team.

The Montreal Stars were formed in 2007. The team was formed from players from the Montreal Axion a team that played in the National Women's Hockey League before its demise. Through the team's young history they have seen success in every season.

The Montreal Stars have a total of four regular season championships and two Clarkson cups in four seasons.

In 2015 the name was changed to Les Canadiennes after a close relationship was created between the team and the NHL Montreal Canadiens.



Overclocking

Overclocking is the process of configuring a computer processor or other electronic circuit to run faster than it was designed to. Overclocking allows a computer to be faster and more responsive. Overclocked processors tend to use more electricity and make more heat than those running at their intended speed. It is often necessary to install a better heat sink to avoid overheating the processor. If a processor is overclocked too high, it can damage the processor or make the computer unstable. Increasing the voltage to the processor can allow it to be run at even higher speeds where it would otherwise be unstable, but this carries an especially high risk of damaging the processor.

Overclocking is usually done in the computer's BIOS setup utility. Most brand-name computers such as Dell, HP, and others do not allow overclocking in the BIOS setup utility, but custom-built computers usually do. It is also possible to do the opposite, called underclocking, where the processor is run at a lower speed than intended. This may be done to extend battery life and reduce heat output. Underclocking will not usually damage a processor and may in fact make it last longer. Some processors automatically underclock themselves when the computer is not doing a lot of work.

Many other digital circuits with a clock signal can be overclocked (or underclocked). This includes video cards, smartphones, and even graphing calculators. Even some sound cards can be overclocked to record or play at a higher sample rate than usual. Overclocking has become popular with Android users.

Centre Étienne Desmarteau

The Centre Étienne Desmarteau is situated on 3430 Bellechasse street in Montreal, Canada. Built in 1976, the Center includes two ice rinks, a room for the gymnastics and a gymnasium. It was the site of the basketball competitions during the Olympics of Montreal of 1976.

The center is named in honour of Olympian Étienne Desmarteau, a Canadian athlete during the 1904 Summer Olympics.

The center is the official home of the Montreal Stars, a team of the Canadian Women's Hockey League and Montreal Mission a team of the National Ringette League. Furthermore, numerous amateur tournaments are held in it every year.

Nanalan'

Nanalan' is an American–Canadian television show broadcast by the Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. programming block in the US and CBC Television in Canada. "Nanalan"' is "designed to foster children's curiosity and love of learning, with the hope they will carry it with them as they grow". Excerpts from the show also air on Fox Kids UK. The series premiered airs at 9:30AM ET/PT times on February 9, 2000 on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. block in the United States.

"Nanalan' " began airing on February 9, 2000 and on January 6, 2006, it was nominated for the following three Gemini Awards: Best Performance in a Pre-School Program or Series; Best Writing in a Children's or Youth Program or Series; and Best Pre-School Program or Series. "Nanalan"' won Best writing and Best performance, an award shared by Jamie Shannon (the voice of Mona), Jason Hopley (the voice of Nana and Russell), Marty Stelnick (the voice of Mrs. Bea), Todd Doldersum (the voice of Mr. Wooka), and Ali Eisner (the performer of Russell).

Several compilation DVDs of the show and a CD of musical highlights are also available.

The main character is a green puppet named Mona. She is known for her lollipop and orange Nana, who is Mona's main caretaker.

Mr. Meaty

Mr. Meaty is an American/Canadian television series, airing on CBC Television in Canada and the Nickelodeon in the United States. It originally began in 2005, as a series of shorts that aired on Nickelodeon. The show features puppets working at a fast food restaurant called Mr. Meaty.

The show began as a series of shorts featured on CBC's "The Void" and in-between shows on Nickelodeon. Many of the original shorts can still be found on iTunes and TurboNick. 


"Mr. Meaty" received a great deal of criticism from vegetarians and parents who didn't like the gross-out humor. Many petitions were signed and sent to Nickelodeon to end the show.


Montreal Mission

The Montreal Mission is a ringette team at Montreal, Canada. The team plays in the National Ringette League and plays its home games in Centre Étienne Desmarteau.

The Montreal Mission have played in the National Ringette League since its formation in 2004. For several years, the best ringette team in Quebec is the Montreal Mission. On the other hand, the team ends in the second rank in the East Conference of the National Ringette League behind a team of the Ontario, the Cambridge Turbos and it since two seasons: 2010-11 and 2009-10. In 2008-09, Montreal Mission ends its season at the top of the classification of the east Conference with two points more than the Cambridge Turbos.

The world championships of ringuette occur once in three years. Several players of Montreal Mission were able to represent it their country of origin. The team includes notable players:

In 2010-11, two players of Montreal Mission dominated the classification of the league with 141 points for Julie Blanchette 1st and 132 points for Catherine Cartier 2nd. In 2009-2010 these two same players dominated the classification with 122 points for (1st) Cartier, 110 points for Blanchette 2nd and in addition 83 points for Stéphanie Séguin 4th.




Julie Blanchette

Julie Blanchette (born January 9, 1977 in Montreal, Canada) is a Canadian professional ringette player. She plays center position. Blanchette plays for the Montreal Mission of the National Ringette League. She is also a member of the Canadian national women's ringette team.

Blanchette started playing ringette when she was 4 years old. Her brother played ice hockey, and her parents looked for a team game for her. They signed her up with the local ringette club in Montreal. She played her sport at every amateur level in Montreal. She represented Quebec in the Canadian championships and the Canada Games.

Blanchette has been at the professional elite level since 2003. She plays for Montreal Mission in the National Ringette League in Canada. In 2005, she played a season for the club Turun Ringet Turku in the professional ringette league of Finland.

Since 2004, she has been a member of the ringette national team of Canada. She played in the Ringette World championships of 2004 in Stockholm, of 2007 in Ottawa and of 2010 in Tampere. She also played in the world championships of 2008 to Sault Ste-Marie.

She is captain of the Canadian national team and Montreal Mission. She is also a trainer and a coach. She is the trainer of the national Team Canada Under-19 years during the world Championships Under-19 years of 2009 in Prague. In September 2011, Blanchette was named an assistant-coach of the national team of Canada.


Blanchette also plays golf and runs in marathons.


Gene Shalit

Gene Shalit (born March 25, 1926) is an American movie and book critic. He has been a critic on NBC's "The Today Show" since January 15, 1973. He is known for his use of puns, his very large handlebar moustache, and for wearing bowties.

He has been reviewing the arts since 1967. He has written for magazines such as "Look" magazine, "Ladies' Home Journal" (for 12 years), "Cosmopolitan", "TV Guide", "Seventeen", "Glamour", "McCall's", and "The New York Times". From 1970–1982 he had a daily report on NBC Radio. In 1987, he published "Laughing Matters—A Treasury of American Humor", a humor anthology. Since 2009, he lives in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, with his cat Fellini. Shalit's children include the artist and entrepreneur Willa Shalit.

Shalit was born in New York City on March 25, 1926. He later moved to Newark, New Jerseywith his mother. In 1932, he and his family moved to Morristown, New Jersey. Born of Jewish parents, Shalit attended Morristown High School. While thee, he wrote a humor column for the school newspaper.

Gene Shalit wrote for "The Daily Illini" for six years at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Shalit said that he would leave "The Today Show" after 40 years, starting November 11, 2010. He was quoted as saying: "It's enough already". Shalit was Dick Clark's press agent in the early 1960s. Shalit stopped representing Clark during a Congressional investigation. Clark has not spoken to Shalit again and said he was a "jellyfish."

Petra Kvitová

Petra Kvitová (born 8 March 1990) is a Czech tennis player. She was born in Bílovec, Czechoslovakia. She is the world no. 6 women's tennis player. Kvitová won the 2011 Wimbledon Championships and the WTA Tour Championships the same year. She won Wimbledon once again in 2014. She reached the semi-finals of the 2012 Australian Open, 2012 French Open, 2010 Wimbledon, the quarter-final of 2015 US Open.

Interlingua grammar

Interlingua is a planned language. It uses words that are found in most West-European languages. It was made by IALA. They are a group of people (the most known was Alexander Gode) that worked on it for more than 20 years. The first dictionary for the language was finished and published in 1951. Interlingua was created on the base of languages: English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, and Italian.

The vowels in Interlingua are pronounced like in Spanish or LFN (another planned language). The consonants are pronounced, for the most part, like in English or LFN.

Interlingua keeps much of the spelling of Latin words, more near to the forms in English and French than to them in the other Romance languages. For example, it keeps q ([k]), y ([i]), ch ([k]), ph ([f]), rh ([r]), and th ([t]). It keeps also the common use of double consonants. More, it allows versions like ch for [ʃ], s between vowels like [z], c before e/i like [ts], g before e/i like [ʒ], qu before e/i like [k], etc.

Accent is not indicated, even in exceptions, but it follows, for the most part, a system of rules similar to that of LFN.

Interlingua has also a "collateral" spelling, that simplifies the complications above to a system more like this of Spanish or LFN. This collateral spelling has the same status, but in reality it is not much used by adherents. The details:



The plural is "-s" after a vowel, "-es" after a consonant, but "-hes" after final "c":

Interlingua has no grammatical gender. Some words distinguish female from male by changing "-o" into "-a", or by adding "-essa". Other ones have two different forms. But the most of words do not distinguish:

Adjectives do not change for agreement with nouns. They can precede or follow the noun, except numbers, that always precede the noun. In general, short adjectives precede and long adjectives follow. 

To compare, use "plus" or "minus" and "le plus" or "le minus":

One can use the suffix "-issime" for the absolute superlative:

The adjectives "bon", "mal", "magne" (big), and "parve" (little) have alternative irregular forms :

There are two kinds of adverbs: first form and second form. Adverbs of first form are a closed class of grammatical words, like "quasi" (almost), "jam" (already), and "totevia" (nevertheless). Adverbs of second form are an open class derived from adjectives by adding the suffix "-mente" (or "-amente" after final "c"):

Some common adverbs have short alternative forms that end with "-o":

Like adjectives, adverbs use "plus", "minus", "le plus", and "le minus":

The adverbs of "bon" and "mal" have alternative irregular forms:

One can use the objective form for the direct object and the indirect object. Or, one can use the preposition "a" before the pronoun for the indirect object:

The reflective pronouns are used when the subject of the verb is the same as the object (direct or indirect). Like in the Romance languages, the reflective is used much more than in English:

Regarding the forms of possession, the longer forms are used in constructions like "le auto es le mie" - the car is mine. But one can also use them more like strong adjectives than the short forms:

Much speakers use "vos" instead of "tu" for courtesy in formal situations:

Use "illes" for groups of persons with both men and women. "Illas" can be used for groups of only women.

"Il" is an impersonal pronoun for using in constructions like "il pluve" (it rains). "Il" can also be used when the real subject is a clause that occurs later in the sentence.

"On" is the pronoun used when the identity of the subject is not clear. The form for objects is "uno":

The major forms are the adjective "iste" or ille and the pronoun "iste", "ista", and "isto", that can be plural. When the subject of a sentence has two possible predecessors, "iste" refers to the second predecessor.

The adjective of distance is "ille" o "aquelle". The pronouns are the same as the personal pronouns.

The relative pronouns for persons and animals are "qui" (subject and after prepositions) and "que" (object):

The relative pronoun for things is "que" for all uses:

"Il ha duo sortas de inventiones: illos que on discoperi e illos que discoperi uno" - There are two kinds of inventions: those which you discover and those which discover you

"Cuje" - "whose" or "of which" - is used for persons and things:

All they above can be replaced by "le qual" or "le quales":

The relative pronouns are also used as interrogative pronouns.

These are the most common forms of verbs (note exceptions in underlined letters):

The verbs do not vary for persons and plural, except for alternative versions for "esser". The tenses normal are used for the subjunctive and the command. "Esse", "habe", and "vade" have forms short for the present: "es", "ha", and "va".

Infinitives are used for both the infinitive and the gerund, and can be pluralized if needed:

There are three simple tenses - past, present, and future. They are used for both the perfect (completed) and the imperfect, and for both the perfective and the non-perfective (continuing).

Participles formation in Interlingua follows this simple pattern: 


Instead of the simple tenses, one can use composed forms. For the past, one can use "ha" and other forms of "habe", with the past participle:

For the future, use "va" and other forms of "vade", with the infinitive:

Used rarely, "velle" with the infinitive is the hypothetical composed:

The passive is formed by using "es" or other forms of "esser" with the passive participle:

The passive to the Past Perfect is created by using habeva essite with the passive participle:

Here are examples of various forms of commands:

"Sia" is the interrogative form and the subjunctive of "esser":

Because the verb "esser" is irregular in many European languages, Interlingua allows the use of versions:

Some persons use also these forms of "esser" in the present tense:

Because Interlingua is a "neo-Latin" language, it keeps any of the double roots of Latin that survive in the Romance languages and English. For example:

Many speakers of Interlingua prefer the use of the more recognizable form in international vocabularies, and drop the other ones.

The normal order of words in Interlingua is subject-verb-object, but one can use other orders if the meaning is clear:

But pronouns tend to follow the order of the Romance languages - subject-object-verb - except for infinitives and commands, that has the object after the verb:

If two pronouns - first the object direct and second the indirect object - occur with the same verb, the indirect object goes first:

One can form questions in different ways:

1. By putting the verb before the subject:

2. By using a word of question instead of the subject:

3. By adding the particle "esque" (or, more rarely, "an") to the beginning of the sentence:

4. By change the tone of the sentence, or by adding a question mark, without change the normal order:


University of Wisconsin System

The University of Wisconsin System is the main public higher education system of the U.S. state of Wisconsin. It consists of 13 four-year campuses, a unit that operates 13 two-year colleges and an online campus. It also has an extension unit that offers courses in every county in the state.

Two of the campuses are "research universities" that award doctoral degrees:

Eleven other campuses are "comprehensive universities" that award bachelor's and Master's degrees:

The two-year campus system is known as the University of Wisconsin Colleges. Students who earn associate's degrees from any campus in this system are guaranteed a place at a four-year campus if they meet certain requirements. This system includes:

Note that this system is separate from the Wisconsin Technical College System. That is another public two-year college system in Wisconsin.

Finally, the University of Wisconsin–Extension provides college courses, plus farming and business help, in at least one place in every one of the state's 72 counties. It also runs the state's public radio and television networks.


Fluffernutter

A Fluffernutter is a sandwich made with peanut butter and marshmallow creme. It is usually served on white bread. Some recipes have wheat bread instead of white bread. Many sweets and salty, savory ingredients can be added for enjoyment. Foods with peanut butter and marshmallow creme can also be called "fluffernutters".

In June 2006, Massachusetts State Senator Jarrett Barrios proposed an act to stop serving Fluffernutter sandwiches in public schools. Barrios' supporters pointed to the problem of childhood obesity. Massachusetts State Representative Kathi-Anne Reinstein planned to "fight to the death for Fluff". She supported acts that would make the Fluffernutter the official state sandwich. The measure failed, and Reinstein tried again unsuccessfully in 2009.

A Fluffernutter is made by spreading peanut butter on a slice of white bread, then spreading marshmallow creme on another slice. When the two breads are put together, they make a sandwich. Different recipes have wheat bread instead of white bread, and Nutella hazelnut spread instead of peanut butter. Sweet ingredients can be added like bananas.Salty ingredients like bacon can also be added. The Fluffernutter is like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. The fluffernutter is often seen as a food for children, but adults like it too. For example, in a restaurant, a chef serves a Fluffernutter hors d'oeuvre in a toasted ice cream cone with a spoon of peanut butter and torched marshmallow creme on top.

The term "fluffernutter" has also been used to describe other foods that have peanut butter and marshmallow creme. There are Fluffernutter cookies, Fluffernutter bars, and Fluffernutter cupcakes. Durkee-Mower has a cookbook that has recipes for Fluffernutter bars, frostings, pies and a shakes. In 2006, Brigham's Ice Cream and Durkee-Mower made a Fluffernutter ice cream flavor. The flavor had peanut butter and Marshmallow Fluff in vanilla ice cream. Fluffernutter was also the name of a candy made by the Boyer Brothers candy company starting in 1969.
One of the main ingredients of the Fluffernutter is Marshmallow Creme. It was invented in the early 20th century by Archibald Query. During World War I, Emma Curtis published a recipe for the "Liberty Sandwich", which consisted of peanut butter and Marshmallow Creme on oat or barley bread. The recipe was published in a promotional booklet sent to Curtis' customers in 1918. It may be the origin of the Fluffernutter sandwich. Earlier labels and booklets by the Curtises suggested combining Snow Flake Marshmallow Creme with peanut butter or eating it on sandwiches with chopped nuts or olives.

Meanwhile, sugar shortages during World War I hurt sales of Archibald Query's Marshmallow Creme. Query sold his recipe in 1920 to H. Allen Durkee and Fred L. Mower from Swampscott, Massachusetts. The two men began selling the product through their company, Durkee-Mower Inc. They renamed the product Toot Sweet Marshmallow Fluff. Durkee-Mower continues to sell the product under the name Marshmallow Fluff. The sandwich was not called a Fluffernutter until 1960. "Fluffernutter" is a registered trademark of Durkee-Mower. The company's U.S. trademark registrations for the term cover only ice cream and printed recipes. In 2006, Durkee-Mower sued Williams-Sonoma Inc. in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, alleging that Williams-Sonoma infringed on its trademark by selling a marshmallow and peanut butter chocolate-covered candy under the "Fluffernutter" name.

In June 2006, Massachusetts State Senator Jarrett Barrios gained national attention when he proposed legislation restricting the serving of Fluffernutter sandwiches in public schools. After Barrios learned that his son was served Fluffernutters on a daily basis at his Cambridge, Massachusetts, public elementary school, he created an amendment to a junk food bill that aimed to limit the serving of Fluffernutters in Massachusetts public schools to once a week. The proposal was criticized as an example of trivial and overly intrusive legislation, while Barrios' supporters pointed to concerns over the problem of childhood obesity. Among the people who defended the Fluffernutter at the time was Massachusetts State Representative Kathi-Anne Reinstein, whose district in Revere was close to Lynn, where Marshmallow Fluff is made. She claimed she planned to "fight to the death for Fluff" and supported legislation that would make the Fluffernutter the official state sandwich. The measure failed, and Reinstein tried again unsuccessfully in 2009. Supporters of the bill cited the sandwich's close association with childhood and Massachusetts.

The term "fluffernutter" has sometimes been used to describe something that has minimal to no cultural value. Some writers look at Fluffernutters and marshmallow creme as regional pride.

The sandwich has close ties to New England, particularly to Somerville, Massachusetts, where Archibald Query invented Marshmallow Fluff, and to Lynn, Massachusetts, where Durkee-Mower has produced it for decades. Somerville holds an annual festival called What the Fluff? based around celebrating Marshmallow Fluff and Fluffernutter sandwiches. The festival incorporates music, visual art, games and a cooking contest based around Fluff and Fluffernutters. In 2011, NASA astronaut Richard Michael Linnehan, who was born in Lowell, Massachusetts, and ate a Fluffernutter while aboard the International Space Station, acted as one of the contest judges.

Hans Moehrlen

Hans Martin Sutermeister (29 September 1907 – 4 May 1977 pen name: Hans Moehrlen) was a Swiss doctor, writer and politician. He studied medicine in Basel and was a professor at the "Volkshochschule" Bern. Moehren did a large amount of work to help people who were punished for crimes they did not do. In the 1960s, he wrote reports about criminal medicine. His most important work was "Summa Iniuria".


Wilson Pickett

Wilson Pickett (March 18, 1941 – January 19, 2006) was an American R&B/soul singer and songwriter.

Picket was a major figure in the development of American soul music. Among his best known hits are "In the Midnight Hour", "Land of a Thousand Dances", "Mustang Sally", "Hey Jude" and "Funky Broadway". Pickett often crossed over to the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

In 2023, Pickett appears at number 76 on the "Rolling Stone" magazine's "200 best singers of all time" list. 



Hillsboro, Oregon

Hillsboro is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is near Portland.

Gastroesophageal reflux disease

Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) is a chronic medical problem involving the part of the body which runs from the mouth to the stomach.

The problem exists when stomach contents move backwards towards the mouth. Food or liquid moves from the stomach into the tube between the mouth and the stomach. That tube is called the oesophagus.
The burning sensation is commonly called "heartburn," but it has nothing to do with the heart.


National Ringette League

The National Ringette League (also indicated by the initials NRL) is an elite league of ringette in Canada. The NRL groups together the best nineteen-year-old players of the country. The NRL consists of nineteen teams separated into two conferences. The western conference has six teams and the east conference has thirteen teams. The LNR recruits directly from Ringuette Canada, the guiding organisation for the ringette in Canada. The great majority of the players come from Canada even if some players arise from the United States or from Finland.

Ringette was introduced in 1963 in North Bay, Ontario. The sport is now played by 50,000 young women across Canada. The creation of the National Ringette League is following the success of the 2002 Ringette world championships in Edmonton where Canada won the gold medal. The first NRL season was played in November 2004 with 17 teams. In the 2011-12 season, the NRL enters its eighth season with 19 teams playing in two conferences:

The regular season of the NRL begins in October and comes to an end in March. All in all, thirty one matches are competed by each of the teams during the regular season. Each of the teams faces only teams of their conference. This structure allows to reduce the costs of transport given the size of the Canadian territory covered by the league. At the end of the regular season, there is a break of a week when the various individual distinctions are awarded, then a NRL Championship Tournament.

In 2010-11 season, new fact, an NRL Championship Tournament replaces the Championship qualifying rounds, this tournament takes place in just one city. This allows to create a media event and to hold attention. Ten better teams in the regular season of the league, participate in this tournament which crowns the team champion of the league.

From March 27th till April 2nd, 2011, the NRL Championship Tournament takes place to Cambridge, Ontario. In Final game, the Edmonton WAM! triumph over the Cambridge Turbos

This is a list of NRL champions season by season:

The championship final game is broadcast on Rogers TV.

At the end of each season (at the end of March) the League announces its annual awards during the week of break before the playoffs. The annual NRL honors reward the athletes having obtained excellent performances during the regular season. Each of the twp conferences present one athlete and one coach as the finalists in every category. The players and coaches of the National Championship Tournament are chosen among these finalists.

The NRL works with the lower Ringette leagues to help young players improve in the sport. Several NRL teams additional teams of young players under 19 years old and under 16 years old. The Canadians Championship U16 and U19 (usually in April) take place in the same place as the NRL playoff tournament. This helps the scouts from the NRL teams to identify the young talented players.


Musashi Province

The province had borders with Kai, Kōzuke, Sagami, Shimōsa, and Shimotsuke Provinces.

The ancient capital city of the province was near Fuchu. By the Sengoku period, the main city was Edo.

In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between the Imperial capital at Kyoto and the main city of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The road passed through Musashi.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Musashi Province were reformed in the 1870s.

The Imperial Japanese Navy battleship "Musashi" was named after the province.

The height of Tokyo Sky Tree is . The figures 6 (mu), 3 (sa), 4 (shi) stand for "Musashi", which is an old name for the area where the Tokyo Sky Tree stands.




"Hikawa jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the province; 



Tupolev Tu-95

Tupolev Tu-95 (code-named Bear) was a heavy bomber plane first used in the Cold War. It was made by Tupolev. It was able to carry four powerful nuclear bombs, and in its later years it was used as a spy plane and an unmanned bomber.

The Tu-95 first flew in 1952, and was introduced in 1956. It was used a lot during the Cold War, this is because it could fly to far places. In fact, it could go more than 500 miles per hour, and has a range of 9,000 miles. The plane is driven by a turboprop engine, which makes it fast. The plane's speed is also given by its wings, which are swept back to make it sleek.

Unlike most new bombers, the Tu-95 has a turret in the tail. Right now, the Tu-95 is still in the Russian Air Force. There is also another version, called the Tu-142 that is in the Russian Navy. The Bear will be in militaries until the year 2040. 

Ningbo

Ningbo is a city in Zhejiang Province. It lies in east China, close to Shanghai. Ningbo is known as an important port city in China. International trade in Ningbo began in Tang dynasty.
There are many historical sites in Ningbo，such as Baoguo Temple（first constructed in Tang Dynasty,rebuilt in Song Dynasty）,which is one of the well-preserved whole wood structures in China, Tianyi Pavillion(a famous private Library founded in 1561),Tianning Temple Pagoda and so on.

Ningbo Municipality is divided into 6 districts, 2 counties and 2 county-level cities.

Australian Broadcasting Corporation

The Australian Broadcasting Corporation, (ABC) is the national broadcaster of Australia. It is principally funded by direct grants from the Australian Government and is administered by a government-appointed board. The ABC is a publicly-owned body that is politically independent and fully accountable, with its charter enshrined in legislation, the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act 1983". ABC Commercial, a profit-making division of the corporation, also helps to generate funding for content provision.

The ABC was established as the Australian Broadcasting Commission on 1 July 1932 by an act of federal parliament. changed the name of the organisation to the "Australian Broadcasting Corporation", from 1 July 1983. Although funded and owned by the government, the ABC remains editorially independent. This independence is part of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act 1983. It effectively replaced the Australian Broadcasting Company, a private company established in 1924 to provide programming for A-class radio stations. The ABC was given statutory powers that reinforced its independence from the government and enhanced its news-gathering role. Modelled after the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), which is funded by a television licence, the ABC was originally financed by consumer licence fees on broadcast receivers. However, the licence fees soon proved to be insufficient due to Australia's small population compared with the vast area to be serviced and the need for individual divisions in each state such that by 1949 the Chifley government decided that the ABC would be directly funded by the government. Licence fees however continued to be collected until 1947, however they were subsumed into the government's general revenue. Later funding was supplemented with commercial activities related to its core broadcasting mission. The ABC adopted its current name in 1983.

The ABC provides radio, television, online, and mobile services throughout metropolitan and regional Australia. ABC Radio operates four national networks, a large number of ABC Local Radio stations, several digital stations, and the international service Radio Australia. ABC Television operates five free-to-air channels, as well as the ABC iview streaming service and the ABC Australia satellite channel. News and current affairs content across all platforms is produced by the news division.

The ABC has 46 local radio stations, four national networks and international service Radio Australia. It also has three digital radio stations.

ABC Local Radio has 46 individual stations, each with a similar format. This format is locally presented light entertainment, news, talkback, music, sport and interviews. It also has some national programs such as "AM" snd "PM" (current affairs), "The World Today", sporting events and "Nightlife".

ABC Radio National broadcasts more than 60 special interest programs every week. These cover a range of topics including music, comedy, book readings, radio dramas, poetry, science, health, the arts, religion, social history and current affairs.

ABC NewsRadio is a continuous news service. It was known as the Parliamentary and News Network. It was set up to broadcast sittings of the Australian Federal Parliament, and to provide a news service at other times. The network broadcasts news on a 24 hours a day, seven days a week, with updates on the quarter-hour. Much of the news content is produced by the ABC itself, however many programs come from the BBC World Service, NPR, Deutsche Welle, Radio Netherlands and CNN Radio.

ABC Classic FM was the ABC's first FM radio service. It was originally called "ABC FM". Its format was based on community stations and BBC Radio 3.

Triple J is a national youth radio network. It plays contemporary alternative and independent music. Its audience is people aged 18–35. While the network plays music from around the world, it has a strong focus on local artists. Triple J was formerly known as "Double Jay" when it launched in Sydney on 19 January 1975.

The ABC operates four TV channels. ABC TV, the Corporation's original television service, receives most of funding for television and shows new comedy, drama, documentaries, and news and current affairs. In each state and territory a local news bulletin is shown at 7.00 p.m. nightly.

In 2001 ABC TV began its digital service.

ABC TV Plus which began in 2005, is a digital-only channel that shows mainly repeated programs from ABC TV. It does have some original content including news programs, children's shows, animation, and music shows.

ABC Me is a children's TV channel which began on 4 December 2009.

ABC News is a 24-hour news channel which began on 22 July 2010.

Rudy Fernández

He comes from a keen basketball family; his father also was a professional basketball player. He first started playing in the Joventut Badalona team, in the ACB (2003-2008). In 2008 he left the Joventut team and started playing for the Portland Trail Blazers in the NBA league. His first match with this team was against his old friend Pau Gasol. 

His second year joining the NBA was not as good as he expected, he got backache several times. In December 2009, Fernández underwent microdiscectomy surgery for a herniated disc. It was causing leg pain.

He has also joined other teams, such as the Real Madrid (2011) and the Denver Nuggets. On July 4, 2012, Fernández signed a 3-year deal with Real Madrid.

He has won five medals: two silver in the European Championship and also in the Olympic Games, and three golden in the World Championship, and two in the European Championship.

Ricky Rubio

Ricard "Ricky" Rubio i Vives (born October 21, 1990) is a Spanish basketball player.
He was born on 21 October 1990 in El Masnou, near Barcelona. He began playing in the Spanish ACB League on October 15, 2005, at age 14. He was the youngest player to ever play in the ACB. In 2009, he was drafted by the Minnesota Timberwolves of the NBA. He was the first person born in the 1990s to be drafted in the NBA.

In 2011, after two further seasons in Spain with FC Barcelona Bàsquet, the basketball section of the famous FC Barcelona football (soccer) club, he joined the Timberwolves. But he has changed his team and now plays for the Phoenix Suns.

Neolithic British Isles

The Neolithic British Isles is about the remains of tribes living in the islands from about 4000 BC to 2,500 BC. These people left stone monuments and other remains in Great Britain, Ireland, the Isle of Man and many other islands. The Neolithic was the last part of the Stone Age in the British Isles.

The most outstanding Neolithic archaeological sites are now UNESCO World Heritage Sites.


Before the Neolithic period was the Mesolithic period, and after the Neolithic was the Bronze Age. During the Mesolithic, the inhabitants of the British Isles were nomadic hunter-gatherers. Around 4000 BC new ideas arrived in the islands from continental Europe. These ideas were taken up by the natives, and led to huge changes in both the society and the landscape. This has been called the Neolithic Revolution.

The Neolithic is marked by agriculture and living in settlements, with the hunter-gatherer lifestyle declining. To make room for the new farmland, these early agricultural communities cut down trees (deforestation) across the islands. This very greatly changed the landscape. At the same time, many new types of stone tools began to be produced. They needed new skills, such as polishing.

The Neolithic tribes built many monuments in the landscape, many of which were megalithic in nature. The earliest of these are the chambered tombs, although later came the building of stone circles, a trend that would continue into the following Bronze Age. These constructions were probably places for ceremonies and religious rites. New ideas about religion, ritual and social hierarchy came with the new lifestyle.

Neolithic people on these islands were not literate, so left no written record. Everything we know about this time comes from archaeological investigations. This investigation began with the antiquarians of the 18th century, and intensified in the 19th when John Lubbock coined the term "Neolithic". The work expanded during the 20th and 21st centuries.

During the Mesolithic, Britain was still attached by the landmass of Doggerland to the rest of continental Europe. 
Archaeologist and prehistorian Caroline Malone noted that during the Late Mesolithic, the British Isles were something of a "technological backwater" in European terms, still living as a hunter-gatherer society whilst most of southern Europe had already taken up agriculture and sedentary living.

The first societies in the world to abandon hunter-gathering and replace it with agriculture were found in the Near East around 8000–6000 BC. Similar developments occurred independently in China, and later in Mesoamerica, southeast Asia, Africa and India. It was in the Near East that the "most important developments in early farming" occurred in the Levant and the mountains surrounding what is now Syria, Israel, Jordan, Turkey, Iran and Iraq. These areas already had rich ecological variation that was being exploited by hunter-gatherers in the Upper Palaeolithic and Mesolithic periods.

Early signs of these hunter-gatherers beginning to harvest, select and grow various food plants have been found in the Mesolithic Natufian culture of the Levant. These are signs that would later lead to the actual domestication and farming of crops. Archaeologists believe that the Levantine peoples developed agriculture between 8000 and 7000 BC in response to a rise in their population levels which could not be fed by the food which hunting and gathering could provide. The idea of agriculture spread from the Levant into Europe, being adopted by hunter-gathering societies in what is now Turkey, Greece, the Balkans, and across the Mediterranean, eventually reaching north-western Europe and the British Isles.

The archaeological community still debate whether the Neolithic Revolution was brought to the British Isles through by adoption by natives or by migrating groups of continental Europeans who decided to settle there.

The period that followed the Neolithic is known by archaeologists as the Bronze Age, because bronze was used for making certain tools.

Frank Welker

Franklin Wendell "Frank" Welker (born March 12, 1946) is an American voice actor who has done over 800 different voice roles in various animated films, television shows, video games and commercials. He is best known for doing animal sounds and monster sounds too, and he's known for being the voice of Scooby Doo since 2002 and the current voice of Fred Jones since 1969. Welker is one of the highest-grossing actors in Hollywood.







Walt Dohrn

Walter Jonathan "Walt" Dohrn (born 1970) is an American writer, director, artist, actor, animator, musician, screenwriter, and voice artist. He is best known as the voice of Rumpelstiltskin in "Shrek Forever After". He also did additional voices in "Shrek the Third" and was also the voice of Doodlebob in the "SpongeBob SquarePants" episode "Frankendoodle."

Dohrn has also worked as writer and director of Season 2 of "SpongeBob SquarePants".

List of The Simpsons comics

The following is a list of comic book series based on the animated TV show The Simpsons and published by Bongo Comics in the United States. The first comic strips based on The Simpsons appeared in 1991 in the magazine Simpsons Illustrated (not to be confused with the comic publications from 2012 bearing the same name), which was a companion magazine to the show.

Meigs Field

Merrill C. Meigs Field Airport , was a single strip airport that operated from December 1948 until March 2003. It was built on Northerly Island. 

The airport opened on December 10, 1948, and became America's busiest single-strip airport in 1955. The air traffic tower was built in 1952 and the terminal was built in 1961. The airfield was named for Merrill C. Meigs, an aviation enthuisist.

The airport was a common sight on the Chicago lakefront. It was also known as the default airport in many versions of "Microsoft Flight Simulator". It was featured in Microsoft's "Midtown Madness" and Reflections' "Driver 2" video game. The airport is also the main location of the film "Powers of Ten".

The Main Terminal was used by the Chicago Department of Aviation. The runway at Meigs Field was . There were four helicopter pads at the south end of the runway. 

Corvallis, Oregon

Corvallis is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon. Corvallis is the location of Oregon State University. As of 2020, the population was 59,922. It is the county seat of Benton County, as well as the most populated city in Benton County.

Gresham, Oregon

Gresham is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon near Portland.

Hood River, Oregon

Hood River is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon on the Columbia River.

Tillamook, Oregon

Tillamook is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon.

Roseburg, Oregon

Roseburg is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon. According to the U.S. Census, 23,683 people lived in Roseburg in 2020.

On 1 October 2015, a gunman killed twelve people and injured twenty others at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg. 

Medford, Oregon

Medford is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon.

Madras, Oregon

Madras is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon.

Bend, Oregon

Bend is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon.

Oregon City, Oregon

Oregon City is a city in the U.S. state of Oregon.

Celtic polytheism

Celtic polytheism is the name for a set of beliefs or religion. Another term frequently used for Celtic polytheism is Celtic paganism. It was originally held by the European people called Celts today. There was a movement to convert these people to Christianity; this process was finished by about 500 AD. 

The first findings relating to this set of beliefs can be dated to about 500 BC. The system of beliefs lasted roughly one millennium, in the La Tène period, and the Roman era. 

In the case of the Celts on the British Isles, this also included parts of the Iron Age. Celtic polytheism was one of the Iron Age polytheistic religions of the Indo-European family.

There are many different names for the gods of the Celtic pantheon. These names have either been recorded by Ancient Greek or Ancient Roman geographers, or they have been found in inscriptions on graves. Among the most prominent of these gods are Teutatis, Taranis and Lugus. People involved in comparative mythology have also added figures from medieval Irish mythology to this list. They say that these figures are deities or heroes from earlier times that have been interpreted in a different way. This process is known as "Euhemerisation", after Euhemeros, a philosopher from Ancient Greece who described this process. 

According to Roman historians, the Celts practiced human sacrifice as part of their religion. There also seems to have been a caste of "magico-religious specialists", which were called druids in Gaul, Britain and Ireland. Little is known about them today.

The Roman Empire conquered Gaul between 58 and 51 BC, and southern Britannia in the year 43 AD. After this, the Celtic religious practices changed, and elements of Romanisation started to show. This resulted in a Gallo-Roman culture, which had its own Gallo-Roman religious traditions. The number of deities increased, and deities such as Cernunnos were added. 

In the 5th and 6th centuries, there was another change, as Christianity became the dominant faith in the Celtic area. It replaced the earlier religions, but influenced later mythology. In the 20th century, a new religious movement called Celtic Neopaganism appeared. 

Coligny calendar

The Coligny calendar is a celtic calendar from roman times. It was found near Lyon in 1897. It was made of bronze, but today, only fragments remain. Studies found that these fragments made up a gallic calendar, which had been created for a period of five years. The calendar indicates both the time of the solar year and the phase of the moon, which is generally called a lunisolar calendar.

It was engraved on a bronze tablet, preserved in 73 fragments, that originally was 1.48 m wide and 0.9 m high (Lambert p. 111) or approximately wide by 3½ feet in height. Based on the style of lettering and the accompanying objects, it probably dates to the end of the 2nd century AD. It is written in Latin inscriptional capitals and is in the Gaulish language (Duval & Pinault). The restored tablet contains sixteen vertical columns, with 62 months distributed over five years.

The French archaeologist, J. Monard, speculated that it was recorded by druids wishing to preserve their tradition of timekeeping in a time when the Julian calendar was being imposed throughout the Roman Empire. However, the general form of the calendar suggests the public peg calendars (or "parapegmata") found throughout the Greek and Roman world (Lehoux pp. 63–65).

A similar calendar found nearby at Villards d'Heria () is only preserved in eight small fragments. It is now preserved in the "Musée d'Archéologie du Jura" at "Lons-le-Saunier".

Lunisolar calendar

A lunisolar calendar is a calendar that uses lunar months but solar years. The Hebrew calendar and the Chinese calendar are lunisolar calendars used today.

Davenport Municipal Airport

Davenport Municipal Airport is an airport in Davenport, Iowa. It was founded in 1948. The Quad City Air Show has been held at this airport since 1987. The air show is held the last weekend of June every year.

The airport is run by Carver Aero Inc. The airport has two runways and a hangar. Most of the airplanes coming in and out of Davenport Municipal are local. However, some private jets also use the airport for longer trips. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration uses the National Weather Service office in Davenport Municipal Airport. The U.S. Army Iowa National Guard 1/109th Aviation Battalion has four CH-47 Chinook helicopters there.

PubMed

PubMed is a free online database of references on life sciences. It was established in January 1996. The United States National Library of Medicine (NLM) at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) maintains the database.

Each record in the PubMed database is assigned a special number to identify it. This is the PMID, an acronym for "PubMed IDentifier" number. PMIDs do not change over time and they are never reused. Any PMID is only a number. The PMID tells the reader nothing about the type or quality of the content of any publication.


Clickjacking

Clickjacking is a malicious technique of tricking web users into revealing private information or taking control of their computer while clicking on what look like harmless web pages.

The term "clickjacking" was coined by Jeremiah Grossman and Robert Hansen, that is a combination of the words "click" and "hijacking."

Robert Fortune

Robert Fortune (16 September 1812 – 13 April 1880) was a Scottish plant expert, plant hunter and traveller best known for introducing tea plants from China to India.

Fortune was born in Kelloe, Berwickshire. He was employed in the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh, and later in the garden of Horticultural Society of London at Chiswick. In 1842 was sent out by the Society to collect plants in China.

He brought back to Europe many new, exotic and beautiful flowers. His most famous achievement was the successful introduction of tea from China to India in 1848 on behalf of the British East India Company.

Like some European travellers of that period, such as Walter Medhurst, Fortune disguised himself as a Chinese merchant during several of his journeys into parts of China that were prohibited to him. Not only was Fortune's purchase of tea plants forbidden by the Chinese government of the time, but he was not permitted to travel more than one day from certain ports where Europeans were allowed to trade. Fortune travelled to some areas of China that had seldom been visited by Europeans, including remote areas of Fujian, Guangdong, and Jiangsu provinces.

Fortune employed many different means to transport tea plants, seedlings, and other botanical discoveries, but he is most well known for his use of cases like small greenhouses called Wardian cases (as used by Nathaniel Bagshaw Ward) to keep the plants alive. With these cases Fortune introduced 20,000 tea plants and seedlings to the Darjeeling region of India. He also brought with him a group of trained Chinese tea workers to assist in the production of tea leaves. Except for a few plants which survived in Indian gardens, most of the Chinese tea plants Fortune introduced to India died. The special growing methods and knowledge that was brought over from China, however, may have been very helpful in the later success of the Indian tea industry. 

Apart from his many contributions to plant history, Fortune was the first European to discover that black tea and green tea were actually from the same plant.

In later journeys he visited Formosa (now called Taiwan) and Japan, and described the culture of the silkworm and the growing of rice. He introduced many trees, shrubs and flowers to the West, including the cumquat, a climbing double yellow rose ('Fortune's Double Yellow' (syn. Gold of Ophir) which proved a failure in England's climate) and many varieties of tree peonies, azaleas and chrysanthemums. A climbing white rose that he brought back from China in 1850 was named "R. fortuniana" (syn. "R. fortuneana") in his honor. This rose also proved a failure in England, preferring warmer climates. Today both of these roses are still widely grown by antique rose fanciers in mild winter regions. "R. fortuniana" is also a valuable rootstock in Australia and the southern regions of the United States. 

The stories of his travels were told in a number of different books. He died in London in 1880, and is buried in Brompton Cemetery.

Neuroethology

Neuroethology is the study of animal behavior and its control by the nervous system. Neuroethology explores how the brain links stimuli (e.g. sights, sounds, or smells) to behavior. For example, many bats and Odontoceti have a special ability called echolocation. They use echolocation to find prey and to navigate. Researchers study their auditory system to show how sounds can be changed into a neural representation of sound. Neuroethologists are scientists who study neuroethology. They try to discover how the nervous system works. They often use animals with special behaviors in their research.
The word neuroethology combines ideas from two fields: neurobiology (the study of the nervous system) and ethology (the study of behavior in nature). Neuroethology focusses on natural behavior. Natural behaviors of animals were created by natural selection (e.g., finding mates, moving, avoiding enemies). Neuroethology avoids artificial behaviors like those in lab experiments.

Diane and Guilford Glazer Institute of Jewish Studies

The Institute of Jewish Studies in Nanjing, China has a connection with the Department of Religious Studies at Nanjing University. 

It was created in January, 1992, after friendship between Israel and the People's Republic of China started over again. It gives classes in Jewish lessons where there are over 200 students each year, and has published a Chinese kind of the "Encyclopaedia Judaica", and other books or other things released. It has now created both masters and Ph.D. programs in Jewish leasons, the only Chinese school that has ever done that. It had an worldwide seminar on The Holocaust and the killing of people due to their skin color or religion in World War II on August 7–12, 2005, in Nanjing.

It was renamed the Diane and Guilford Glazer Institute of Jewish Studies after a quarters for it from the Diane and Guilford Glazer Foundation was built in a new building at the school in 2006. It is planned that it will become part of a larger Nanjing University-Johns Hopkins University Institute for International Research. 

The director of the school is professor Xu Xin.



Jeff Dunham

Jeffrey "Jeff" Dunham (born April 18, 1962) is an American ventriloquist, comedian and actor. He has appeared on many television programs. He has four specials that are shown on Comedy Central: "", "", "Jeff Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special", and "Jeff Dunham: Controlled Chaos". Dunham also starred in "The Jeff Dunham Show", a series on the network in 2009. His style has been described as "a dressed-down, more digestible version of Don Rickles with multiple personality disorder". Describing his characters, "Time" observes, "All of them are politically incorrect, gratuitously insulting and ill tempered." Dunham has been credited with reviving ventriloquism, and doing more to promote the art form than anyone since Edgar Bergen.

Dunham has been called "America's favorite comedian" by Slate.com, and according to the concert industry publication "Pollstar", he is the top-grossing standup act in North America, and is among the most successful acts in Europe as well. As of March 2009, he has sold over four million DVDs, an additional $7 million in merchandise sales, and received more than 350 million hits on YouTube (his introduction of Achmed the Dead Terrorist in "Spark of Insanity" is the ninth most watched YouTube video). "A Very Special Christmas Special" was the most-watched telecast in Comedy Central history, with its DVD going quadruple platinum (selling over 400,000) in its first two weeks. "Forbes.com" ranked Dunham as the third highest-paid comedian in the United States behind Jerry Seinfeld and Chris Rock, and reported that he was one of the highest-earning comics from June 2008 to June 2009, earning approximately $30 million during that period.

Dunham was born in Dallas, Texas on April 18, 1962. When he was three months old he was adopted by real estate appraiser Howard Dunham, and his homemaker wife Joyce, who raised him in a devoutly Presbyterian household in a rich Dallas neighborhood as an only child. He began ventriloquism in 1970 at age eight, when his parents gave him a Mortimer Snerd dummy for Christmas, and an accompanying how-to album. The next day he checked out a how-to book on ventriloquism from the library, and explained in 2011 that he still had it, remarking that he was "a thief in the third grade". By the fourth grade, Dunham decided he not only wanted to be a professional ventriloquist, but the best one ever. Dunham began practicing for hours in front of a mirror, studying the routines of Edgar Bergen, and the how-to record "Jimmy Nelson's Instant Ventriloquism", finding ventriloquism to be a learned skill, similar to juggling, that anyone with a normal speaking voice can acquire. Dunham explains that as an only child, he enjoyed being alone, likening his solitude to a "warm blanket" with which he could explore his own thoughts and ideas, which prepared him for the solitude of living alone when he later moved to Los Angeles as a struggling comedian.

When Dunham was in the sixth grade, he began attending the Vent Haven ConVENTion in Fort Mitchell, Kentucky, an annual international meeting of ventriloquists that includes competitions, where he met Jimmy Nelson in person. Dunham has missed only one ConVENTion since then, in 1977. The organizers of the ConVENTion eventually declared Dunham a "retired champion", ineligible from entering any more competitions, as other attendees were too intimidated to compete against him. The Vent Haven Museum devotes a section to Dunham, alongside Señor Wences and his idol, Edgar Bergen.

Dunham began performing for audiences as a teenager, in various venues such as school, church, and during his job at Six Flags. By his middle school years, he began to perform for banquets attended by local celebrities such as Dallas Cowboys quarterback Roger Staubach, having developed his style of lampooning those he performed for, using the puppets to say things too risque for him to say without them. Dunham's television debut came in 1976 when the still prepubescent performer caught the attention of Dallas reporters like Bill O'Reilly, who interviewed Dunham for a local news story. Dunham later did commercials for Datsun dealerships in Dallas and Tyler while in high school. While emceeing a high school talent show, he dealt with a heckler, and won over the rest of the audience. During this period he became so associated with his craft that he and one of his dummies "cowrote" a column in the school paper, and he would pose with his dummies for yearbooks as an inexpensive way to acquire professional photos of his act for promotional purposes. He was voted Most Likely to Succeed, and in 1980, after he graduated from high school, Dunham gave himself a career goal of obtaining, within ten years, an appearance on "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson", which was seen as the "holy grail" for comedians.

That year Dunham began attending Baylor University, hoping to graduate with a degree in communications, while performing around campus. He would also fly around the country on weekends, doing up to 100 private shows a year, entertaining corporate customers such as General Electric, whose CEO, Jack Welch, he mocked during his routine. By his junior year in college (1983–1984), Dunham was making $70,000 a year, and as word spread of his act, he landed featured spots opening for Bob Hope and George Burns, though he still perceived his act as raw, as he did not have any knowledge of standup comedy beyond his Bill Cosby albums. He caught a break in 1985 when he was asked to join the Broadway show "Sugar Babies" with Mickey Rooney and Ann Miller, replacing the outgoing variety act. For the naive and devoutly-raised Dunham, Broadway was a new world filled with beautiful showgirls and crusty stagehands, and his first taste of entertainment industry egos came when Rooney called Dunham into his dressing room, and told him he was there for one reason alone: so that Rooney could change his costumes. Dunham also performed at the Westbury Music Fair on Long Island. These early experiences, in which he used characters like José Jalapeño on a Stick, taught him the value of modifying his act regionally, as the jalapeño jokes that worked well in Texas were not as well received by audiences in Long Island.

After graduating from Baylor University in 1986, he continued honing his act in comedy clubs in the Southwest with new characters such as Peanut and Jose Jalapeño, but struggled against the perception he relates from fellow comedians that he was not a true a comedian because he relied on props. His experience at Catch a Rising Star in New York City served as a bitter confirmation of where ventriloquists stood in the comedic food chain, as the emcee at that club gave Dunham little respect. According to Dunham, after he arrived at the club in the evening and informed the emcee that he was a ventriloquist, the emcee reacted with derision, telling Dunham that he would be given a late time slot, and after that time slot came and passed, kept postponing Dunham's stage time until Dunham left the club. By the end of 1988, Dunham felt his career went as far as it could go in Texas, and he moved to Los Angeles, California, never having, as he has commented, "a real job", much to the concern of his parents, who assumed he would relegate his act to local venues such as church groups. When he first arrived in Los Angeles, the comedy in his act bombed. Dunham attributes to his underdeveloped comedy, explaining that while the characters' personalities were developed at that point, his jokes were not. In addition to this, the comedy world was not welcoming to ventriloquists, and his manager, Judi Brown-Marmel, did not use the word "ventriloquist" when finding bookings for him, choosing to present him as a comedy duo. After Dunham became friends with Mike Lacey, the owner of The Comedy & Magic Club in Hermosa Beach, Lacey gave Dunham a steady slot at the club, where Dunham sharpened his act by observing the techniques of comedians like Jerry Seinfeld, and taking the advice of colleague Bill Engvall, moving away from his G-Rated material toward edgier, more adult themes.

At the end of 1988, Dunham was told by James McCawley, a talent booker for "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson", that Dunham would be given a spot on the program. Though the 26-year-old Dunham was elated that his 10-year goal was arriving two years early, McCawley later cancelled Dunham's appearance after attending, with Roseanne Barr, a public performance of Dunham's the day before Dunham's scheduled "Tonight Show" taping. McCawley informed Dunham on the day of the scheduled taping that he had been wrong in his initial assessment of Dunham, whom he now said was not ready for "The Tonight Show". His dreams dashed, the humiliated Dunham continued to tighten his act in Los Angeles clubs, performing same six minute segment with Peanut a total of nine times for McCawley over the next few months. Finally at the Ice-House in Pasadena in April 1990, after Dunham did the same segment, McCawley informed Dunham that he would finally get his "Tonight Show" appearance. Dunham and Peanut appeared on "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson" on April 6, 1990, alongside guests Bob Hope and B.B. King. Following his bit, he was invited to sit on Johnny Carson’s couch, a mark of approval that only three comedians had ever garnered during their first Carson appearance. Upon sitting down next to Carson's desk, Dunham pulled out Walter, who told Carson sidekick Ed McMahon, "Stop sending me all your damn mail." At the time, Dunham saw his "Tonight Show" appearance as his big break, but was frustrated at his parents' initial disapproval over Walter's use of the words "hell" and "damn", and he would toil in obscurity for another twelve years, continuing his stand up at venues such as The Improv chain, and appearing in small roles on TV. One of these was such as a 1996 episode of "Ellen", in which he appeared with Walter. Dunham also appeared with Walter in a TV commercial for Hertz. Dunham would appear on "The Tonight Show" a total of four times, as well as similar TV venues such as "Hot Country Nights", appearing in one segment on that show with singer Reba McEntire. This exposure helped make Dunham a large theater headliner, a rare accomplishment for a ventriloquist, but by the mid 1990s, his television appearances had dwindled, and with them, so did his stage audiences.

Dunham moved back to clubs, more than 200 appearances a year. To maintain a connection with his fan base, he would use question cards that he had audiences fill out for his performances to build a database, which was tailor-made for the burgeoning World Wide Web. Though he was voted Funniest Male Standup at the American Comedy Awards in 1998, his club work kept him away from his wife and daughters between two and three weeks each month, which put a strain on his marriage, and made paying bills for his expanded family difficult. By 2002, Dunham was hoping to obtain more TV work to raise his profile and ease his standup schedule. Such exposure was elusive until a successful appearance on "The Best Damn Sports Show Period", where Dunham and Walter made jokes at the expense of co-hosts Tom Arnold, Michael Irvin, John Salley and John Kruk, generating laughter from them, and giving Dunham much-needed exposure. In 2003, Dunham was the frontrunner to replace Jimmy Kimmel on "Fox NFL Sunday", but hosts Howie Long and Terry Bradshaw were not amenable to the idea of being upstaged by a puppet, and, as Dunham tells it, did not provide a welcoming atmosphere to Dunham, nor allow him to get a word in edgewise during his appearance.

On July 18, 2003, Dunham appeared on "Comedy Central Presents", his first solo appearance on Comedy Central. During his half hour piece, he showcased José Jalapeño on a Stick, Walter, an early version of Melvin the Superhero Guy and Peanut, whom Dunham had begun to merchandise into a line of dolls. The appearance was successful, but Comedy Central resisted giving Dunham more airtime, feeling that he was not a good fit for them. By 2005 Dunham decided to gamble on financing his own comedy DVD, "", which was taped in Santa Ana, California. Dunham’s manager, Judi Brown-Marmel, lobbied the network to air it, pointing to Dunham's drawing power and merchandising profits, and arguing that the network needed more diverse content. Surprised by the high ratings of the first Blue Collar Comics concert movie that same year, the network began to reconsider its brand. In late 2006, Comedy Central aired "Arguing with Myself", drawing two million viewers when it aired, and selling two million DVDs.

In 2007, Dunham appeared as The Amazing Ken with José Jalapeño on a Stick in the Larry the Cable Guy feature film "Delta Farce".

His second special, "", was taped at the Warner Theater in Washington, D.C. that same year. It served not only to cement Dunham's stardom, but to introduce his most controversial character, Achmed the Dead Terrorist, which became a viral Internet sensation. A clip of Achmed from "Insanity" attracted over 140 million hits on YouTube, making it the ninth most watched clip on that website as of October 2009. By 2008, Dunham's characters had crossed language barriers, with his specials dubbed for audiences in various countries such as France, and Dunham attracting requests for performances in South Africa, Australia, Norway, Denmark, China and the Middle East. "Jeff Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special" was taped at the Pabst Theater in Milwaukee, Wisconsin that same year, and premiered on Comedy Central on November 16, 2008, watched by 6.6 million people. It became available on DVD and Blu-ray on November 18, 2008. The special's premiere was the highest rated telecast in Comedy Central's history. 

In September 2008, Dunham's career reached new heights as he began performing in arenas filled with tens of thousands of people. Dunham was somewhat wary of such large venues, but adapted by adjusting the timing of his often rapid exchanges with the puppets so that audience members farthest from the stage could have time to react. 

In addition to his comedy specials, Dunham also released his first music album, "Don't Come Home for Christmas", on November 4, 2008. It contains original Christmas songs as well as a parody of "Jingle Bells" by Achmed entitled "Jingle Bombs". All the songs, with the exception of "Jingle Bombs", were written and accompanied by Brian Haner, who joined Dunham's act as "Guitar Guy". His first onscreen appearance was in "Jeff Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special".

In March 2009, Dunham signed a multi-platform deal with Comedy Central. It included a fourth stand-up special to air in 2010, DVDs, a consumer products partnership, a 60-city tour beginning in September 2010, and an order for a television series called "The Jeff Dunham Show" that premiered on October 22, 2009. Despite having the most-watched premiere in Comedy Central history, and higher average ratings than other shows on that network, the show was canceled after only one season, amid poor reviews and higher production costs than other Comedy Central shows.

Dunham appeared in a guest role with Bubba J on NBC's sictom "30 Rock", playing a ventriloquist named Rick Wayne and his dummy Pumpkin from Stone Mountain, Georgia. In November 2009 Dunham also appeared with Walter in "Hart to Hart", an episode of the Disney Channel series "Sonny With a Chance", as two security guards.

Dunham appeared in the 2010 Steve Carell/Paul Rudd comedy, "Dinner for Schmucks", as Lewis, with a new puppet named Diane.

His fourth special, "Jeff Dunham: Controlled Chaos", premiered on September 25, 2011 on Comedy Central.

In January 2008, Dunham was voted by fans the Top Comic in Comedy Central's “Stand-Up Showdown.” He is the only person ever to win the "Ventriloquist of the Year" Award twice, was nominated "Comedian of the Year" by the TNN Music City News Country Awards, and has drawn praise from the "Dallas Morning News" for his technique and timing.

Some have accused Dunham's characters of being racist caricatures, sexist, and homophobic. In 2008, a TV commercial for a ringtone featuring Dunham's character Achmed the Dead Terrorist (see Characters below) was banned by the South African Advertising Standards Authority after a complaint was filed by a citizen stating that the ad was offensive to Muslims, and portrayed all Muslims as terrorists. Dunham responded that "Achmed makes it clear in my act that he is not Muslim." However, the Advertising Standards Authority noted that the name Achmed was of Arab origin and was one of the names of Muhammad. Dunham responded, "I've skewered whites, blacks, Hispanics, Christians, Jews, Muslims, gays, straights, rednecks, addicts, the elderly, and my wife. As a standup comic, it is my job to make the majority of people laugh, and I believe that comedy is the last true form of free speech." He further commented, "I'm considering renaming Achmed, 'Bill.'" Dunham has conceded that he does exhibit particular sensitivity to the "conservative country crowd," or those characterized by "basic Christian values," as they are one of his largest constituencies, and part of his upbringing.

Dunham was heckled and criticized for mocking TV critics during a July 2009 press tour to promote his then-upcoming Comedy Central TV series, "The Jeff Dunham Show", as well as Comedy Central programming chief Lauren Correo. In October 2009 "The Jeff Dunham Show" enjoyed good initial ratings, but was not well liked by critics, who did not find it funny, and either questioned the wisdom of translating his act into a series, or conceded a prejudice against Dunham, his previous specials, or ventriloquism itself.

J.P. Williams, the producer of the Blue Collar Comedy Tour, has opined that Dunham's act is not funny on its own merits, and that his material gets a greater reaction because of the puppet characters that it would otherwise not garner by itself. Blue Collar veteran Bill Engvall, a friend of Dunham's insists otherwise, saying that Dunham is inherently funny with or without the puppets.

In 2003, BRASMA Publications released "Dear Walter", a collection of questions asked of Dunham's fictional curmudgeon at live performances, authored by Dunham, and Walter Cummings.

Dunham's autobiography, "All By My Selves: Walter, Peanut, Achmed and Me", was published by Dutton in November 2010.

Walter is a retired, grumpy old man with arms always crossed in discontent. Dunham was inspired to create Walter when he watched Bette Davis' final appearance on "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson", giving her honest, unfiltered candor to Walter, and patterning Walter's frown on Dunham's own. He has a brash, negative and often sarcastic view on today's world. He is a Vietnam War veteran and a former welder, and "doesn't give a damn" about anyone, especially his own wife and certain audience members. Walter has appeared in all four Comedy Central specials. He's been married for several decades, and when Dunham asks him if he remembers the happiest moment of his life after Walter tells him he has been married for forty-six years, Walter responds, "Forty-"seven" years ago!" Dunham created the Walter puppet himself, including both the initial sculpture and the silicon mold, though he eventually began using professional effects companies for the latter stages with his subsequent puppets.

Peanut is a hyperactive, purple-skinned "woozle" with white fur covering most of his body, a tuft of green hair on the top of his head, and one sneaker on his left foot. Dunham explains in "Arguing with Myself" that Peanut is from a small Micronesian island, and that they met in Florida. Peanut's humor is not based on a particular motif or stereotype, as those of the other characters, and has been described as "the bad kid". He often makes fun of Dunham, and torments and mocks José Jalapeño on a Stick. Touching upon his unusual appearance and personality, he asks Dunham in "Arguing with Myself", after Dunham denies ever having done drugs, "Then how the hell did you come up with "me"?"

José is a talking jalapeño pepper on a stick who wears a small sombrero. José, who speaks with a thick Latin accent, is typically paired with Peanut, who often makes fun of José, uses appeals to Latino stereotypes when doing so, and makes fun of his being on a stick. Although José was not Dunham's first puppet, it was the first that Dunham made himself.

Bubba J is a beer-drinking redneck that Dunham describes in "Arguing with Myself" and "A Very Special Christmas Special" as "white trash trailer park", and whom Dunham uses for humor centered on such stereotypes. To this end, he frequently does jokes involving Bubba J's love of drinking beer and NASCAR, and his low intelligence. Touching upon such stereotypes, Bubba mentions in "Arguing with Myself" that he met his wife at a family reunion, and remembers seeing her with a corn dog in one hand, a beer in another, and leaning against a ferris wheel, "making it tilt". Although he does not appear onstage, Bubba has a prominent role as the backstage security guard in "Controlled Chaos".

Dunham introduces Sweet Daddy Dee in "" as his "new manager". He calls himself a "pimp", which he says stands for "Player In the Management Profession." According to Sweet Daddy, because he is a pimp, that makes Jeff the "ho". When Dunham objects, Daddy Dee points out that Dunham makes people laugh and feel good for a living. When Dunham agrees that this is the case, Daddy Dee says, "You a ho." When Dunham asks what he would say if he told him that he was a comedian only because he enjoyed it, Daddy Dee responds, "You a "dumb" ho."

Melvin wears a blue superhero costume, and is used to poke fun at superheroes. When asked about his superhuman powers, he indicates that he has X-ray vision, adding, "I love looking at boobies!" He appears to have no other powers, however: When Dunham asks how far he can fly, he responds, "How far can you throw me?", and when asked if he can stop a bullet like Superman, he responds, "Yeah. Once." Dunham portrays Melvin as unimpressed with other superheroes: When told Superman can leap tall buildings in a single bound, Melvin dismisses him as a "showoff," arguing that he can simply walk around them, observes that Aquaman has the same powers as SpongeBob SquarePants, asserts that the Flash's super speed is derived from methamphetamine, that the Hulk's vaunted ability to get stronger as he gets angrier merely mirrors "every white trash guy on "COPS"," and makes innuendo about the questionable relationship between Batman and the underage Robin. Melvin's first onscreen appearance was in the July 2003 "Comedy Central Presents" episode, in which he had small, black, beady eyes. By his next appearance, in "Spark of Insanity", he had been modified to have large, blue, crossed eyes. He also has an enormous nose, which he claims is his symbol, and whose similarity in shape to that of a penis is alluded to in the act. Dunham sculpted the current version of Melvin's head himself, and hired an effects company called Renegade Effects Groups to create the rubber mold and complete the puppet, before then installing the mechanics himself.

Achmed is the skeletal corpse of an incompetent suicide bomber, whom Dunham uses to satirize the contemporary issue of terrorism. He is known for yelling, "Silence! I kill you!" to Dunham and people laughing in the audience. Achmed first appeared in "Spark of Insanity", and later made an appearance in the "Very Special Christmas Special", singing a song called "Jingle Bombs". He also dubs the so-called Guitar Guy "You racist bastard"! for warming up with typical Arab chords. Most of the humor Dunham expresses with Achmed centers on this motif. When mentioning that Achmed appears to be dead because he's a skeleton, Achmed responds, "It's a flesh wound." When Dunham inquires as to how he died, Achmed explains his incompetence with explosives, while also casting aspersions on Dunham's sexual prowess, by saying that they both suffer from "premature detonation." Although he frequently mentions working for Osama, Achmed claims he does not think he's a Muslim ("look at my ass! It says 'Made in China'"). As of June 2009, the sketch in which Dunham introduced Achmed is the fourth most watched online video ever, having amassed nearly 200 million views. The large, round, articulated eyes of puppets such as Achmed and Achmed Junior are constructed by the same effects artist who created the dinosaur eyes for the "Jurassic Park" films.

Diane first appeared with Dunham in the 2010 film "Dinner for Schmucks" as "Debbie", his character's "wife". She made her stand-up debut in Dunham's Identity Crisis Tour 2010.

Achmed Junior is the estranged son of Achmed. He first appeared during the Identity Crisis Tour 2010, and makes his first onscreen appearance in Dunham's fourth special, "Jeff Dunham: Controlled Chaos". Like his father, Achmed Junior is the victim of a bomb, which resulted in the destruction of the half of his face and body. He speaks with a British accent, and does not wish to be a suicide bomber.

Other characters that Dunham has voiced include a miniature puppet of Peanut's, which turns out to be a small version of Dunham himself, and an unseen worm inside a bottle of tequila, both of which he has used, for example, in his appearance on A&E's "An Evening at The Improv". The miniature Dunham puppet was also used in Dunham's 2011 Comedy Central special, "Controlled Chaos".

Dunham met his first wife, Paige Brown, at the Comedy Corner in West Palm Beach, Florida, after she had sent him a fan letter following a previous performance. They began dating in December 1992. Brown, who had a one and a half year-old daughter, Bree, moved out to Los Angeles in June 1993. Dunham married Brown, and adopted Bree in May 1994. They would have two other daughters, Ashlyn in 1995 and Kenna was born in 1997. Though Dunham never missed major events such as birthdays, his work would keep him away from home two and a half to three weeks a month, which proved difficult for the family. By January 2008 Dunham's career proved such a strain to their marriage that they began marriage counseling and Dunham was so depressed that he canceled a week's worth of shows, something he had never done before. In November 2008 Dunham filed for divorce. The months following the end of his marriage were a devastating period for him, resulting in difficulty in being on stage, as Walter's jokes about marriage rang a bit too true. In 2009, Dunham met fellow Texas native Audrey Murdick, a certified nutritionist, personal trainer and competition bodybuilder, and by mid-2009, they were in a committed relationship. On December 25, 2011 Dunham and Murdick became engaged.

In addition to building the dummies he uses in his act, Dunham also restores antique ones as a hobby, such as The Umpire, a mechanized dummy built in 1941 to work the plate at a girl's softball game, but which went unused and packed away for 50 years, before Dunham acquired it in early 2008.

Dunham has harbored a love of helicopters since childhood and is fond of building and flying his own kit helicopters from Rotorway helicopter kits. At the time he finished writing his autobiography in June 2010, he was beginning to build his fourth kit. He is also an aficionado of muscle cars and Apple Computer products.


Jimmy Kimmel

James Christian "Jimmy" Kimmel (born November 13, 1967) is an American comedian, voice actor, actor, writer, producer, musician, television host, and radio personality. He is the host and creator of "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", a late-night talk show that airs on ABC.

He is of German and Italian ancestry.

Planes, Trains and Automobiles

Planes, Trains and Automobiles is a 1987 American comedy movie released by Paramount Pictures. It was written, produced and directed by John Hughes. It stars Steve Martin and John Candy.

The movie gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 94% "Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes. "Siskel & Ebert" gave the movie two thumbs up and Siskel declared that was it John Candy’s best role to date. The movie is featured in Roger Ebert's Great Movies collection.


Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted

Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted (also known as Madagascar 3) is a 2012 American computer-animated movie made by DreamWorks Animation. It is the third movie of the "Madagascar" movie series and is a sequel to the first two "Madagascar" films. It is the first 3-D movie in the series. It is directed by Eric Darnell, Tom McGrath, and Conrad Vernon. It was released on June 8, 2012.

Unlike the previously movie was published by Activision, "Madagascar 3: The Video Game" is developed by D3 Publisher.

Pharrell Williams

Pharrell Lanscilo Williams (; born April 5, 1973) is an American singer, songwriter, rapper and record producer. Williams and Chad Hugo are members of The Neptunes. They produce hip hop, pop and R&B music. He is also the lead vocalist of the band N*E*R*D. He formed the band with Hugo and childhood friend Shay Haley. He released his first single "Frontin'" in 2003. His first studio album "In My Mind" was released in 2006.

As part of the Neptunes, Williams has produced many singles for various musicians. These artists include Jay-Z, Backstreet Boys, Blackstreet, Ludacris, Rage Against the Machine, Britney Spears, Busta Rhymes, Garbage, Mary J. Blige, and Usher. The two have earned three Grammy Awards in ten nominations. He is also the co-founder of the streetwear brands Billionaire Boys Club and Ice Cream footwear.

Williams became more well-known worldwide during 2013 and 2014, when he was featured on Robin Thicke's single "Blurred Lines" with T.I. (which he produced) and released his own single, "Happy", for the movie "Despicable Me 2". Both songs reached number one in several countries around the world, including the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia. He was also featured on Daft Punk's single "Get Lucky", another international chart-topper.

Williams and model/designer Helen Lasichanh have a son, Rocket Williams (born in 2008). The couple married on October 12, 2013. In January 2017, the couple welcomed triplets.


Pradikta Wicaksono

Pradikta Wicaksono (born in Jakarta, Indonesia, January 10, 1986) or often called Dikta, is an Indonesian singer. He is a singer for the group Yovie & Nuno, along with Dudi Oris. He joined Yovie & Nuno in 2007.

Pradikta Wicaksono was born in Jakarta on January 10, 1986. He was the second child of three siblings.


Ready to Die

Ready to Die is the debut studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G.. It was released on September 13, 1994 by Bad Boy Records. "Ready to Die" was ranked #133 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time and was included in Time's list of the 100 greatest albums of all time. In 1996, the single "Big Poppa" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance at the 38th Grammy Awards. It lost to rapper Coolio's "Gangsta's Paradise". It was Biggie's only studio album that was released during his lifetime as he was murdered days prior to the release of his second studio album, Life After Death (1997).

Adipati Koesmadji

Adipati Koesmadji (born in Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia, August 19, 1991) or also known as the Adipati Dolken is an actor from Indonesia. Adipati Koesmadji began to be known since role as "Virgo" in the soap opera that aired on SCTV, "Kepompong".




Terry Balsamo

Terry Balsamo (born October 8, 1972) is an American guitarist. He is the former guitarist of the rock bands Cold and Evanescence. He was Evanescence's lead guitarist from 2003 to 2015. He co-wrote on the albums "The Open Door" (2006) and "Evanescence" (2011).

Balsamo uses Ibanez guitars.


List of Japanese footballers

This is a list of football (soccer) players from Japan.




Nicholas Lyndhurst

Nicholas Simon Lyndhurst (born 20 April 1961) is a British actor. He was born in Gosport, Hampshire. He played roles in television sitcoms "Going Straight", "Butterflies", "Only Fools and Horses", "The Two of Us", "Goodnight Sweetheart", "After You've Gone" and "Rock & Chips".

Range (biology)

In biology, the range or distribution of a species is the geographical area or 
habitat where the species live.

Sometimes, when species are found in different regions at different times of year, terms such as summer range and winter range can be used. When discussing about animals, the species' natural range is often discussed.

There are at least five types of distribution patterns:



Victoria Azarenka

Victoria Azarenka (, ; born 31 July 1989) is a Belarusian tennis player. She won the mixed doubles at the 2007 US Open and at the 2008 French Open. She won the singles at the 2012 and 2013 Australian Open. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she won a bronze medal in the singles and a gold medal in the mixed doubles. She is a former world number 1. As of 8 July 2013, she was the world number 3. 
She was born in Minsk and lives in Monte Carlo, Monaco.


Japanese Bobtail

The Japanese Bobtail is a breed of cat from Japan. It has a short tail. 

The Maneki Neko is usually a Calico cat (Japanese Bobtail).

Maneki Neko

, also known as "welcoming cat", "lucky cat", "money cat" or "fortune cat", is a common Japanese figurine. It is a lucky charm. This small statue is found in many Japanese shops, and it is also seen in some places outside Japan.

"Maneki neko" is usually painted as a Calico cat (Japanese Bobtail), but new colors has appeared recently (for example, white, red, black, pink, blue and gold). It usually has the right paw raised. Some of these statues have the left paw raised.

The statue commonly has a gold coin called a "koban" around the cat's neck.

Tokoname in Aichi Prefecture is Japan's top producer of "Maneki neko".

This is the meaning of the colors

Maneki-neko can be found with either the right or left paw raised (and sometimes both). 
Generally, a right paw raised brings good luck and wealth, while the left paw raised brings in customers.

"Maneki neko" was a mascot of the silk industry, but now it is considered to be a mascot of business prosperity.
Different theories say that the Maneki neko came from Imado temples or that it came from Gotoku temples. 



Hugo (movie)

Hugo is a 2011 American 3D adventure drama movie that is based on Brian Selznick's novel "The Invention of Hugo Cabret". The movie is about a boy who lives alone in a Paris railway station and the owner of a toy shop there. It was directed by Martin Scorsese, while the screenwriter was John Logan. It is a co-production of Graham King's GK Films and Johnny Depp's Infinitum Nihil. It stars Asa Butterfield, Ben Kingsley, Chloë Grace Moretz, Sacha Baron Cohen, Ray Winstone, Emily Mortimer, and Jude Law.

"Hugo" is Scorsese's first movie to be shot in 3D.

In 1931, Hugo Cabret is a 12-year-old boy who lives with his father, a widowed, but kind and devoted master clockmaker in Paris. Hugo's father takes him to see movies and he loves the movies of Georges Méliès best of all. Hugo's father is burned alive in a museum fire, and Hugo is taken away by his uncle, an alcoholic watchmaker who is responsible for maintaining the clocks in the railway station of Gare Montparnasse. His uncle teaches him to take care of the clocks, then disappears. Hugo lives between the walls of the station, maintaining the clocks, stealing food and working on his father's most ambitious project: repairing a broken automaton – a mechanical man who is supposed to write with a pen. Hugo steals mechanical parts in the station to repair the automaton, but he is caught by a toy store owner who takes away Hugo's blueprints for the automaton. The automaton is missing one part – a heart–shaped key. Convinced that the automaton contains a message from his father, Hugo goes to desperate lengths to fix the machine. He gains the assistance of Isabelle, a girl close to his age and the goddaughter of the toy shop owner. He introduces Isabelle to the movies, which her godfather has never let her see. Isabelle turns out to have the key to the automaton. When they use the key to activate the automaton, it produces a drawing of a movie scene Hugo remembers his father telling him about. They discover that the movie was created by Georges Méliès, Isabelle's godfather, an early – but now neglected and disillusioned – cinema legend, and that the automaton was a beloved creation of his, from his days as a magician. In the end, the children reconnect Georges with his past and with a new generation of cinema lovers who have come to appreciate his work


The movie appeared on the following critics' top ten lists for the best movies of 2011:

Hokota, Ibaraki

Hokota is a city in Ibaraki, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

Fukuro, Shizuoka

Fukuro is a city in Shizuoka, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

Fujieda, Shizuoka

Fujieda (藤枝市, Fujieda-shi) is a city in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the main island of Honshū.

Iizuka, Fukuoka

Iizuka is a small city in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Kyūshū.

Takaoka, Toyama

Takaoka was established in 1609. It developed as a castle town.

The modern city of Takaoka was established in 1889.

In 1933, Takaoka's large statue of the Buddha ("Daibutsu") was created.


According to Japanese census data,


Hirakata

Hirakata is a city in Osaka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

It has been recognized as a special city since 2001.

Kurashiki

Kurashiki (Japanese: 倉敷) is a city in Okayama Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

It has been recognized as a core city since 2002.

The town has been a center of business and trade for a long time. It is on a canal near Mt. Tsurugata. Kurashiki was not badly damaged during World War II. Many old storehouses, or kura, are here in their original condition. Kurashiki is a popular tourist spot.

There are several museums in the historic "Bikan" neighborhood of the city.

Ichinomiya, Aichi

It has been recognized as a special city since 2001.

In the Edo period, Ichinomiya grew up around the Masumida Shrine. It was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Owari Province.


The city is northwest of Nagoya.


Takasaki

It has been recognized as a core city since 2011.

The tradition of the daruma doll as a good luck charm was started at the in Takasaki.


Takatsuki, Osaka

Takatsuki is a city in Osaka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

It has been recognized as a core city since 2003.


Ōmihachiman

Ōmihachiman is a city in Shiga Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

Sakado, Saitama

Sakado is a city in Saitama Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

Hamamatsu

Hamamatsu is a city in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū. Every May 3-5, the Hammamatsu Festival is held in the city. There are three wards (Chūō, Hamana, and Tenryū) in this city on and after January 1, 2024.


Numazu

It has been recognized as a special city since 2000.

In the Edo period, "Numazu-juku" and "Hara-juku" was the 12th and 13th of 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto. Both Tōkaidō rest stops are within the boundaries of modern Numazu.



Kaminoyama

Kaminoyama is a city in Yamagata Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū.

Western philosophy

Western philosophy is the school of thinking of Western civilization. Generally, it is seen to start with the philosophy of Ancient Greece. Its early devleopment mainly occurred in Europe and the countries around the Mediterranean. 

It is different from Eastern philosophy, which developed in Asian countries such as China, Persia, Japan, India and Korea. 

Philosophical thought developed in Babylon, and that relating to Islam are sometimes counted as "Eastern", and sometimes as "Western".

Shizuoka (city)

Shizuoka is the capital city of Shizuoka Prefecture in Japan. It is on the island of Honshū. The population was 3,765,044 in 2010. There are three areas of the city: Aoi, Suruga, and Shimizu.






Fuji, Shizuoka

It has been recognized as a special city since 2001.

In the Edo period, was the 14th of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.



Futsal

Futsal is a sport that is like association football, but on hard court. It is played on indoor courts by two teams with five players each. Its name is short for "futbol de salao", which means "room football" in the Portuguese language, or "fútbol de sala", which is the same in the Spanish language. Futsal is most popular in European countries, like Portugal, Spain, Italy, Russia and Kazakhstan and South American countries, like Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay. However, it is also played in many other countries.

The pitch is between 38 and 42 meters long and between 20 and 25 meters wide. This is shorter and narrower than football. The pitch is a hard court and smooth, unlike grass in football. The halves of the game are both twenty minutes long, shorter than the usual 45 minutes in football. There are 6 players on the court in total, including the goalkeeper. Substitutions are unlimited, and the maximum number of subs is 9. Players who break the rules can get yellow or red cards. If a player gets a red card, they can't play in that game anymore. The team that got the red card also has to play with one less player for two minutes or until the other team scores a goal. Another difference from football is that when the ball goes out, instead of throwing it back in, it is kicked in. There is also no offside in futsal.

A teacher from Uruguay called Juan Carlos Ceriani made the game in 1930. The rules were made in Sao Paulo, Brazil in 1933. He used rule templates from Football (soccer), Basketball, and Handball. A World Championship was held in 1971 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The first Futsal World Cup was in 1989 in Rotterdam, Netherlands. Since 1992 it is played every 4 years. In the 2016 Summer Olympics, Futsal was played for the first time in the Olympics.

The importance of futsal are the rules. There is a 6 second rules on the goalkeeper if they hold it longer it is a foul called on the goalkeeper. I will add the importance of no throw ins you have to set the ball on the floor and play. Free-kicks have to be 2 touch and the wall has to be 2 feet or 3 feet away The goalkeeper punts are not allowed in futsal , It is a closed area or open with a net or ceiling on top. Soccer and futsal are very different. Soccer is a sport that is played on a way bigger pitch with 10 players (110 by 100m long and 75 by 64 m wide) and it has different motion throughout the game like how the ball moves fast , slow you may never know. Futsal has about 5-6 players and the pitch is 3x smaller than a soccer pitch and it is about (25 - 42 m long 16 - 20 m wide). There are no slide tackles or else the is a foul called on you. Their is headers available but futsal is usually played fast and on the floor. If the ball touches the top net or ceiling it is the other teams ball. 


Niigata (city)

Niigata has eight neighborhoods or wards ("ku").

On April 1, 2007 Niigata City became the largest Nihonkai coast city as a government-designated city.


Raymond Chandler

Raymond Chandler (July 23, 1888 – March 26, 1959) was an American novelist and a screenwriter. He was born in Chicago. He became a detective fiction writer after he lost a position as an oil executive.

His first short story, "Blackmailers Don't Shoot", was published in 1933 in "Black Mask," a popular pulp magazine. His first novel, "The Big Sleep", was published in 1939. In addition to his short stories, Chandler published just seven novels during his lifetime. In the year before he died, he was elected president of the Mystery Writers of America. He died on March 26, 1959, in La Jolla, California.


These are the criminal cases of Philip Marlowe, a Los Angeles private investigator. Their plots follow a pattern in which the men and women who hire him reveal themselves to be as corrupt, corrupting, and criminally complicit as those against whom he is hired to protect them.


2014 Commonwealth Games

The 2014 Commonwealth Games were held in Glasgow, Scotland.

It is the largest multi-sport event ever held in Scotland, although the country previously hosted the 1970 and 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh. Over the last 10 years, however, Glasgow and Scotland have also staged World, Commonwealth, European, or British events in all 17 sports proposed for the 2014 Commonwealth Games, including the World Badminton Championships in 1997.

Scotland was the first country to consider hosting the 2014 Commonwealth Games in 2004, with Scottish cities being invited by the Commonwealth Games Council for Scotland to consider making a bid. In September 2004, Glasgow was announced as the Scottish candidate city over Edinburgh (which hosted the Games in 1970 and 1986, and the inaugural Commonwealth Youth Games in 2000) following a cost-benefit analysis by the Commonwealth Games Council for Scotland. The Scottish Executive under then First Minister of Scotland, Jack McConnell, with the support of the United Kingdom government and all main parties in the Scottish Parliament, formally announced Glasgow's intention to host the games on 16 August 2005.
In March 2006, the bidding process began, with the Glasgow Bid team presenting their case to the Commonwealth Games Federation at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, along with the other confirmed candidate cities; the Nigerian capital, Abuja and Halifax in Canada. In October 2006, the first voting delegates arrived in Glasgow, in order to inspect the city's existing and proposed amenities and facilities. Glasgow announced on 16 January 2007, the 17 sports to be included should its bid be successful. Halifax later withdrew its bid on 8 March 2007, following the withdrawal of funding from the municipal government.

Bullfinch

Bullfinches are a genus of passerine birds in the finch family (Fringillidae). They belong to the genus Pyrrhula. 

The genus has a palearctic distribution. All species occur in Asia with two species exclusively in the Himalayas and one species, "P. pyrrhula", also occurring in Europe. The Azores bullfinch ("P. murina") is a critically endangered species (about 120 pairs remaining), occurring only in the east of the island of São Miguel in the Azores archipelago. 

Analysis of the mitochondrial DNA cytochrome "b" sequence indicates that the holarctic pine grosbeak ("Pinicola enucleator") is the sister group to the ancestor of the bullfinches. 

The evolution of the bullfinch species started soon after the pine grosbeak's ancestors diverged from them (at the end of the middle Miocene, about a dozen million years ago (mya). It is fairly certain is that the bullfinch radiation started in the general area of the Himalayas. The mountain finches also seem to be part of this clade.

Bullfinches have glossy black wings and tail feathers. They show a white rump. The legs and feet are fleshy brown. Their short, swollen bill is adapted to eat buds, and is black except in "P. nipalensis", which has a yellowish bill. The males can be distinguished by their orange or red breast. Some species have a black cap.

Probably most populations are partially migratory. Most migrants move short or medium distances. North European birds move within a wider compass than central European birds. Numbers migrating show marked annual fluctuations; no link with any particular food source has been established. Autumn migration begins late, and is fairly brief, mostly October–November; spring migration February–April.

The Eurasian bullfinch population in Britain has been in serious decline since the mid-1970s; numbers have fallen by 62 per cent in 35 years. Data suggests that productivity has increased over the last decade, and nest failure rates at the chick stage (15 days) have fallen from 37% to 21%.

Goldfinch

Goldfinch are finches of the genus Carduelis. They are small passerine birds of the family Fringillidae.

The goldfinch breeds across Europe, North Africa, and western and central Asia, in open, partially wooded lowlands. It is resident in the milder west of its range, but migrates from colder regions. It will also make local movements, even in the west, to escape bad weather. It has been introduced to many areas of the world.

The goldfinch's preferred food is small seeds such as those from thistles and teasels, but insects are also taken when feeding young. It also regularly visits bird feeders in winter. They nest in the outer twigs of tall leafy trees, or even in bamboo, laying four to six eggs which hatch in 11–14 days.

In the winter goldfinches group together to form flocks of up to forty birds, occasionally more. The song is a pleasant silvery twittering.

Margaret Corbin

Margaret Corbin (born Margaret Cochran, November 12, 1751 – January 16, 1800) was a woman who fought in the American Revolutionary War She and her husband John Corbin were both from Philadelphia. On November 16, 1776, they were part of 600 American soldiers defending Fort Washington in northern Manhattan. The fort was being attacked by about 4,000 Hessian troops under British command. John and Margaret worked one of the two cannons at the fort. When her husband died, Margaret took his place at his cannon. She kept firing until she was badly hurt. She later became the first woman in U.S. history to get a pension from Congress for military service.

David Strassman

David Strassman (born September 6, 1957) is an American ventriloquist. He is widely known for performing Chuck and Ted E. Bare, as well as many other puppets.

Machida, Tokyo

The city was founded on February 1, 1958.

Before 1965, Machida was a group of farm villages near Tokyo.



Ichikawa, Chiba

Ichikawa is a city in Chiba Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū. It is just to the east of Tokyo. There are a lot of schools and universities there. Ichikawa station is between Koiwa and Motoyawata Stations on the Chūō-Sōbu Line.





Niihama

Niihama is a city in Ehime Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Shikoku.

Fujisawa, Kanagawa

Fujisawa (藤沢市, Fujisawa-shi) is a Japanese city in Kanagawa Prefecture on the island of Honshū.

In the Edo period, "Fujisawa-shuku" was 6th of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto.

The area of the city expanded around Yugyō-ji temple (遊行寺) after 1325.



Urawa, Saitama

Urawa was a city in Saitama Prefecture, Japan. It is now part of the city of Saitama.

Itabashi

The municipality calls itself "Itabashi City" in English.

Itabashi is in northern Tokyo. It borders Toshima to the south. Nerima is on the ward's western border. The Arakawa River and Saitama Prefecture are the norther border. Kita is on the east.



Himeji, Hyōgo

Himeji () is a city in Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan. It is on the island of Honshū. The city is well known for its landmark, Himeji Castle. It has been recognized as a core city since 1996.

Autopsy (band)

Autopsy is an American death metal band from Concord, California. Autopsy has four members in the band; the current band members are Chris Reifert, Danny Coralles, Eric Cutler and Joe Trevisano.



So far as of 2011, Autopsy has released 5 Studio albums:



Simple Mail Transfer Protocol

Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) is an Internet communication protocol used to send and relay an email message between email servers. It is not used to retrieve email messages from a server. Instead either IMAP or POP is used to retrieve email messages.


Richard Beckinsale

Richard Arthur Beckinsale (6 July 1947 – 19 March 1979) was a British actor. 

Beckinsale was born in Carlton, Nottinghamshire and went to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London.

He had starring roles in five sitcoms. They are: "The Lovers", "Rising Damp", "Porridge", its spin-off "Going Straight" and "Bloomers".

Beckinsale has two daughters, actresses Samantha and Kate Beckinsale. He died of a heart attack in Sunningdale, Berkshire.

Kenneth Williams

Kenneth Charles Williams (22 February 1926 – 15 April 1988) was a British actor and comedian. He acted in movies including 26 "Carry On"s. He appeared in many television and radio shows and on stage.

Wiiliams was gay. He was born in North London and died there of a barbiturate overdose.

E. O. Wilson

Edward Osborne Wilson (June 10, 1929 – December 26, 2021) was an American biologist, naturalist and author. He was an entomologist who studied ants, but to the public he is known for sociobiology, biodiversity and conservation.

Wilson's writing has been very influential. He was a two-time winner of the Pulitzer Prize for general non-fiction. He was known for his role as "the father of sociobiology", his environmentalism, and his secular humanist and deist ideas on religion and ethics.

He worked at Harvard University, and was a Fellow of the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. He was a Humanist Laureate of the International Academy of Humanism. He was awarded the National Medal of Science (1977), and the Crafoord Prize (1990), which recognizes research in scientific fields not eligible for the Nobel Prize.

Wilson's work (and books) fell into at least four categories:

Wilson died on December 26, 2021 in Burlington, Massachusetts at the age of 92.



Louis-Ferdinand Céline

Louis-Ferdinand Céline was a pen name of Louis-Ferdinand Destouches (Courbevoie, 27 May 1894 – Meudon 1 July 1961) was a French writer and physician. Céline was his grandmother's first name. He is thought to be one of the most important writers of the twentieth century. He created a new style of writing that modernized both French and world literature. His most famous work is "Journey to the End of the Night". He is a controversial person because of his anti-Semitic pamphlets. He was married to dancer Lucette Destouches.


Sociobiology

Sociobiology is a field of scientific study which is based on the assumption that social behaviour has resulted from evolution. It attempts to explain and examine social behaviour in that way.

A branch of ethology and sociology, sociobiology draws from anthropology, evolution, zoology, archaeology, population genetics, and other disciplines. As a study of human societies, sociobiology is allied to Darwinian anthropology, ethology and evolutionary psychology.

Ethology investigates collective animal behaviour, such as mating patterns, territorial fights, pack hunting, and the hive society of social insects. It argues that selection pressure led to the genetic evolution of advantageous social behaviour. In other words, a typical behaviour pattern is inherited because it has raised the inclusive fitness of individuals as compared to other behaviours. This is mainstream biology. Its extension into human social behaviour is for ethologists absolutely normal, but for others it may be controversial.

While the term "sociobiology" can be traced to the 1940s, the concept did not get recognition until 1975 with the publication of E.O. Wilson's book, .

Sociobiology is based upon two fundamental premises:

It is this last point which is most controversial.

Wilson's book had almost 700 pages, which were almost entirely devoted to social behaviour in animals. His ideas on the evolution of human behaviour was in a short section of 30 pages at the end of the book. Yet because of this section, the (apparently) new field of sociobiology became the subject of heated controversy. The criticism was driven by political events of the day.

Criticism by Richard Lewontin and Stephen Jay Gould, and the Sociobiology Study Group hinted that there was some relationship between these ideas and some of the worst events in history. The main concern of the critics seemed to be the idea that sociobiology provided aid and comfort for those who would maintain social injustice and inequality.

Actually, there was no political content in Wilson's last chapter, and Wilson himself was and is a liberal thinker. In the 25th anniversary edition of his book Wilson gives his own account of the controversy.

To avoid some of the controversy, though their ideas are rather similar to Wilson's, some psychologists and anthropologists founded the related field of evolutionary psychology. This shares with sociobiology a belief in the evolutionary origin of behaviour patterns. However, it is more aimed at human behaviour, where sociobiology arose out of experiments on animal behaviour (ethology).

Why do men have standards of beauty which they apply to women? This is a question to which a typical femininist sociologist would reply: it is culturally determined, a belief system which serves to keep males dominant over females.

To this, John Alcock asks: "What are the actual data? Are the standards of beauty in Western culture arbitrary?" The standards of beauty are consistent with youth and good health. Young, healthy women are more likely to become pregnant and give birth successfully than older or unhealthy women. Alcock asks:

Alcock gives the evidence that the signs of youth and beauty are consistent with high reproductive value.

In some ways, it is easier to study the behaviour of other animals because our own experiences and prejudices are not involved. And we can do experiments on them which might not be possible with humans.

Songbird species almost always have a song which is characteristic of the species. In most cases the details of the song are not inherited. Instead, they inherit an ability to learn at a certain age. If a young male White-crowned Sparrow ("Zonotrichia leucophrys") is raised in isolation from the sound of other members of the species, it cannot sing their song. Eventually, it produces a song which is only vaguely like the proper song. But if the experimenter plays a tape of the adult male song, the young will later produce the complete and perfect song when they get to the right age. However, if the young bird is made deaf, it cannot learn the song. From this we learn
This allows us to be sure that the song, as such, is not inherited, but there is inherited a strong learning bias, which makes sense. In order to live and reproduce successfully, it pays for a male to attract a female of the same species, and defend its territory against other males of its species. The right song does both these jobs.

In recent years the supporters of sociobiology have claimed to be "winning". They feel its basic ideas are quite sound. We are not blank slates, and our human nature is as much a product of evolution as the rest of us. Even our widespread love of pet animals may be explained by their improving our survival in a prehistoric past.



Hamid Karzai

Hamid Karzai (, ; born 24 December 1957) is a former President of Afghanistan. He served from 22 December 2001 to 29 September 2014. He was the first democratically elected leader of the country.

He is ethnic Pashtun from Kandahar and can speak several different language, including English, French, Persian, Urdu and his native Pashto language. He was educated in Afghanistan and India. He lived in Pakistan before becoming popular in late 2001. He has many family members and relatives living in the United States.

1570 Concepción earthquake

The 1570 Concepción earthquake occurred at 9:00 (13:00 UTC), on February 8, 1570. The earthquake destroyed the town of Concepción. A tsunami was caused and aftershocks were reported for months after the earthquake.

Parma (disambiguation)

Parma is a city in Italy. It is the capital of the Province of Parma.




Monbetsu, Hokkaido

Monbetsu is a city in Hokkaido, Japan. It is on the shore of the Sea of Okhotsk. 


Catatonia

Catatonia means a person is awake, but does not move, talk, or react to anything but pain. The person can stay stiff and still for hours. A person with catatonia may look to be in a stupor (being mentally numb and in a daze). The cause is in the nervous system; the brain and nerves. This problem was first written about in 1874 in "Die Katatonie oder das Spannungsirresein".

Catatonia can sometimes happen with mental disorders. It can be a symptom of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder, and depression. Catatonia may also happen when a person abuses drugs or overdoses by taking too much of a drug.

Catatonia can also be caused by many different medical disorders. Some causes are infections, such as encephalitis; autoimmune diseases; damage to the brain from strokes; and metabolic problems. 

A person can also get catatonia from benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome, which happens if the person quickly stops taking benzodiazepine medications.

Doctors can treat catatonia. They usually start with medicines such as benzodiazepines. If those medicines do not work; doctors may use shock therapy. Antipsychotic medicines can also be used, but with safety in mind. Sometimes they can make catatonia worse or have bad side effects. A group of anesthetic drugs called NMDA antagonists may be helpful when benzodiazepines don't work.


Vinessa Shaw

Vinessa Elizabeth Shaw (born 19 July 1976) is an American actress and model. Shaw was born in Los Angeles, California. She has starred in many movies since the early 1990s. These include "Hocus Pocus", "Ladybugs", the 2006 remake of "The Hills Have Eyes", and "Two Lovers".

Science Museum (London)

The Science Museum is one of the three large museums on Exhibition Road, London. It is part of the National Museum of Science and Industry. The museum is a big tourist attraction in London. The science museum is a great place.

It has been free to enter the Science Museum since 1 December 2001. This is because it is paid for by the government. People may have to pay to enter the temporary exhibitions.

Bennet Woodcroft started a museum in 1857. He used items from the Royal Society of Arts and the Great Exhibition. It included some machinery which became the "Museum of Patents" in 1858, and the "Patent Office Museum" in 1863. In 1883, the things held in the Patent Office Museum were moved to the South Kensington Museum. In 1885, the Science Collections were renamed the "Science Museum". In 1893, the "Science Museum" got a separate leader. The Art Collections were renamed the "Art Museum", which later became the Victoria and Albert Museum.

When Queen Victoria laid the foundation stone for the new building for the Art Museum, she said that the museum must be renamed after herself and her dead husband. The whole museum was named after them, but when that new building opened ten years later, the name was only for the Art Collections and the Science Collections were renamed. On June 26, 1909 the Science Museum, as an independent entity, came into existence. The Science Museum’s home today, designed by Sir Richard Allison, were opened to the public over time between 1919–28. This building was known as the East Block, building of which began in 1913 and was stopped during World War I. As the name suggests it was intended to be the first building of a much larger project, which was never made.

Although called a museum of science, it is really more a museum of industry. It has working models and real equipment from the industrial revolution in the 18th century, the great Victorian engineering, the age of aeroplanes and space in the 20th century.

The Science Museum holds over 300,000 items, including such famous items as Stephenson's Rocket, Puffing Billy (the oldest surviving steam locomotive), the first jet engine, a remake of Francis Crick and James Watson's model of DNA, some of the earliest remaining steam engines, a working example of Charles Babbage's Difference engine (and the latter, preserved half brain), the first prototype (draft model) of the 10,000-year Clock of the Long Now, and documentation of the first typewriter. It also contains hundreds of interactive exhibits. A recent addition is the IMAX 3D Cinema showing science and nature documentaries, most of them in 3-D, and the Wellcome Wing which focuses on digital technology. 
The museum houses some of the many objects collected by Henry Wellcome that have to do with medicine. The fourth floor exhibit is called "Glimpses of Medical History", with reconstructions and dioramas of the history of medicine. The fifth floor gallery is called "Science and the Art of Medicine", with exhibits of medical instruments and practices from ancient days and from many countries. The collection has a lot of items from clinical medicine, the biosciences, and public health. The museum is a member of the London Museums of Health & Medicine.

The Science Museum has a dedicated library, and until the 1960s was Britain's National Library for Science, Medicine and Technology. It holds runs of periodicals, early books and manuscripts, and is used by scholars worldwide. It has for a number of years been run in conjunction with the Library of Imperial College, but in 2007 the Library was divided over two sites. Histories of science and biographies of scientists are still kept at the Imperial College in London. The rest of the collection which includes original scientific works and archives are now located in Wroughton, Wiltshire.

Some 170,000 items which are not on current display are stored at Blythe House in West Kensington. Blythe House also houses facilities including a conservation laboratory, a photographic studio, and a quarantine area where newly-arrived items are looked at.

The Science Museum is made up of a number of galleries, some of which are permanent, and some of which are temporary.

The East Hall is the first area that most visitors see as they enter the building, going up through three floors. On the ground, the area is mostly filled with famous steam engines of various sorts, including the oldest surviving James Watt beam engine, which together tell the story of the British industrial revolution. Up in the air, hung from the ceiling is a big metal ring, the inside of which is covered in white LEDs which form patterns and display messages typed into kiosks by visitors in the Energy gallery.

"Exploring Space" is a historical gallery, filled with rockets and exhibits that tell the story of human space exploration and the benefits that space exploration has brought us (particularly in the world of telecommunications).

"Making the Modern World" is a relatively new gallery, in which some of the museum's most iconic objects, including Stephenson's Rocket and an Apollo spacecraft, are imaginatively displayed along a timeline chronicling man's technological achievements.

"Flight" is another longstanding gallery, up towards the western end of the third floor. Contained in the gallery are several full sized aeroplanes and helicopters, including Alcock and Brown's transatlantic Vickers Vimy (1919), Spitfire and Hurricane fighters, as well as numerous aero-engines and a cross-section of a Boeing 747.

One of the most popular galleries in the museum is the interactive Launchpad gallery. Redesigned and reopened in November 2007, the new look gallery houses over 50 interactive exhibits illustrating many different concepts in physical science. The gallery is staffed by Explainers who are available to demonstrate how exhibits work, conduct live experiments and perform shows to schools and the visiting public.

The Science Museum has made many exhibitions that tour travel around the world. "The Science Box" modern science series toured venues in the UK and Europe in the 1990s and from 1995 "The Science of Sport" appeared in various venues, in different ways, around the world. In 2005 The Science Museum teamed up with Fleming Media to set up "The Science of..." who develop and tour exhibitions including "The Science of Aliens", "The Science of Spying" and "The Science of Survival" .

In 2008, "The Science of Survival" exhibition opened to the public and allowed visitors to explore what the world might be like in 2050 and how humankind will meet the challenges of climate change and energy shortages.

The museum is next to the Natural History Museum and used to be connected to it by a public corridor, which is now closed. The closest London Underground station is South Kensington; a subway connects the museums to the station.

At the front of the museum to the east is Exhibition Road. Directly to the south is Museum Lane and the Natural History Museum. At the back is Queen's Gate and to the north is Imperial College.


Bezliudivka

Bezliudivka (; ) is a settlement in the Kharkiv Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. Situated on the river Udy (Seversky Donets Basin), 3 km south of Kharkiv, 3 km from the railway station Bezlyudivka. As of 2001, 9,693 people lived there.

Joué-du-Plain

Joué-du-Plain is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France. The commune was mentioned in 1216 by the name of "Jeum". There are 201 people living there. It is in size. The highest point in the commune is . The river l'Udon flows through the commune. The forest of Mancelliere is here. The community festival is 29 June.

The church in the commune is dedicated to Saints Gervais and Portais. The architectural elements are pointed arches, a Norman tower and Roman arches. The church was rebuilt in the Renaissance. Inside the church are sculptures of St. Gervais and Saint Portais made in the 18th century. Also, there is an 18th century sculpture of Saint Michael made in stone and painted. There are also sculpted wooden stalls, a statue of the Virgin Mary and a baptismal font made in the 18th century. The cemetery around the church has two 16th century entrances.

Another important place in the commune is Château de la Motte. The chateau is a 19th century building.

