Agsu (Ağsu) is a raion in central Azerbaijan. The name is from “Agsuchay",a river that goes through the raion. There is one city (Agsu city) and 78 villages.

Gobustan District

Gobustan is a raion of Azerbaijan. There are 37,137 people. The capital is Qobustan. It was called Maraza until 2009. It is about 50 miles west of Baku. 


Ismayilli District

Ismayilli District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the north of the country and belongs to the Mountainous Shirvan Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Qabala, Quba, Goychay, Kurdamir, Agsu, and Shamakhi. Its capital and largest city is Ismayilli. As of 2020, the district had a population of 87,400. It is believed that this district was named after a highly respected elder and philanthropist in the community, Ismayil Baghiyev.

Shamakhi District

Shamakhi or Shamakhy is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is the historical center of the region of Shirvan. 


Aghstafa District

Aghstafa is a raion in the northwestern Azerbaijan. There are 36 villages in the raion.

Dashkasan District

Dashkasan is a raion of Azerbaijan. The district was called Dastafur until 1956.

The district is in northwestern Azerbaijan. It is 33–41 km away from Ganja. The capital of the raion is Dashkasan city.

The Big C

The Big C is an American comedy-drama television program by Darlene Hunt. It began on August 16, 2010 and is shown on Showtime. It ended on May 20, 2013. The show is set in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It stars Laura Linney as Cathy Jamison, a suburban teacher who is diagnosed with melanoma. Her husband Paul Jamison is played by Oliver Platt. Their teenage son Adam Jamison is played by Gabriel Basso. Her brother Sean Tolke, who is bipolar, is played by John Benjamin Hickey.

We Came as Romans

We Came as Romans is an American post-hardcore band from Troy, Michigan. We Came as Romans has six members in the band; the current band members are Joshua Moore, David Stephens, Eric Choi, Brian "Lou" Cotton, Andrew Glass and Kyle Pavone. The band was originally named This Emergency but was later changed to We Came as Romans in the summer of 2006.



So far as of 2012, We Came as Romans have released 2 studio albums:



Sleeping with Sirens

Sleeping with Sirens is an American post-hardcore band from Orlando, Florida. The band has five members. As of 2015, they were Gabe Barham, Jack Fowler, Justin Hills, Nick Martin and Kellin Quinn. The band was formed in 2009 by the band members from For All We Know, Broadway and We Are Defiance. They released their first album, "With Ears to See and Eyes to Hear", on March 23, 2010. It started at #7 on the Billboard's Top Heatseekers chart and at #36 on Top Independent Albums.





Alexisonfire

Alexisonfire is a Canadian post-hardcore band from St. Catharines, Ontario. Alexisonfire has six members in the band; they are George Pettit, Chris Steele, Wade MacNeil, Dallas Green, Jesse Ingelevics and Jordan "Ratbeard" Hastings. The band was formed in 2001 by the band members from Condemning Salemn, Helicon Blue and Plan 9. They released their self-titled first album on September 9, 2002. Alexisonfire split up in 2011. But returned in 2022 with the album otherness, which they won a Juno for that year. 


Alexisonfire released 4 studio albums:

Otherness (2022)


Dying Fetus

Dying Fetus is an American death metal band from Upper Marlboro, Maryland. Dying Fetus has three members in the band; the current band members are John Gallagher, Sean Beasley and Trey Williams. The band was formed in 1991 by the band member John Gallagher and former band member Jason Netherton. They released their debut album, "Purification Through Violence", in 1996 and shortly afterwards left Pulverizer Records. They are currently signed to Relapse Records.





Gary Kildall

Gary Arlen Kildall (May 19, 1942 – July 11, 1994) was a computer scientist and microcomputer entrepreneur. Born to parents Joseph and Emma Kildal, Gary studied math at the University of Washington (UW) because he wanted to become a math teacher. However, he began getting in computer technology. Joseph was the creator of the CP/M operating system and the founder of Digital Research, Inc. (DRI). Kildall was one of the first people to see microprocessors as fully capable computers rather than equipment controllers and to organize a company around this concept.
He also co-hosted the PBS TV show "The Computer Chronicles". Although his career in computing spanned for more than 20 years, he is most known in connection with IBM's unsuccessful attempt in 1980 to license CP/M for the IBM PC. Gary died from alcoholism and hitting his head in 1994 at the age of 52.



Gadabay District

Gadabay is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is known for its potatoes and its gold fields. The famous Siemens company worked here in the Tsarist era. 

Ganja, Azerbaijan

Ganja is Azerbaijan's second-largest city. There are around 313,300 people. It was named Yelizavetpol in the Russian Empire period. The name is from the New Persian "ganj" which means treasure. It was likely started in the 5th century A.D.

Ganja International Airport is the only airport in the city.

Ganja has four places for post-secondary education.

Qazax District

Gazakh (also known as Kazakh or Gazakh) is a raion of Azerbaijan. It has two exclaves inside Armenia, Yukhari Askipara and Barkhudarli. They both came under Armenian occupation during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.

Goygol District

Goygol is a raion (district) in northwestern Azerbaijan. It used to be named Khanlar. It was named "Goygol" after Lake Goygol on April 25, 2008. The capital is the city of Goygol.

There are 54,000 people. The city of Goygol is the largest town, followed by Hajimelik. Important villages are: Balchili, Gushgara, Chayli, Mollajalilli, and Topalhasanli.

Goranboy District

Goranboy is a raion of Azerbaijan. Following fighting during the 1991–1992 some land in the south of the rayon is controlled by Armenians of Nagorno-Karabakh. The southern half of the rayon is claimed by the self-declared Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. 

Carnivoramorpha

Carnivoramorpha are a clade of mammals that includes the modern order Carnivora. It is basal to the Carnivora but does not include the Creodonts, which are a separate order.


Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines

Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines is a French city. It is in the western suburbs of Paris. About 146,598 people lived here in 2007.


Vélizy-Villacoublay

Vélizy-Villacoublay is a French commune. It is in the southwestern suburbs of Paris 13.9 km (8.6 mi) from the center and 3.2 km (2.0 mi) east of Versailles. About 20,030 people lived here in 2006.


Rambouillet

Rambouillet is a French commune. It is in the western suburbs of Paris 44.3 km (27.5 mi) from the center. About 26,454 people lived here in 2006.


Le Chesnay

Le Chesnay is a former French commune. It is in the western suburbs of Paris 16.7 km (10.4 mi) from the center. About 30,227 people lived here in 2006. André-Mignot Hospital is located in the city.

On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Le Chesnay-Rocquencourt.


Mantes-la-Jolie

Mantes-la-Jolie is a French commune. It is in the western suburbs of Paris 48.4 km (30.1 mi) from the center. About 42,365 people lived here in 2006.


Mantes-la-Ville

Mantes-la-Ville is a French commune. It is located in the western suburbs of Paris, which is about 48.6 km (30.2 mi) from the center. About 18,710 people lived here in 2006. The mayor is Cyril Nauth since March 2014.


Call of Duty: Black Ops II

Call of Duty: Black Ops II is first-person shooter video game which was released on November 13, 2012. It is known for its great graphics and realistic gameplay. It was developed by the developer studio Treyarch and published by Activision.

It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360. and the Wii U. "Black Ops 2" is the ninth game in the "Call of Duty" series and a sequel to "", which was released in 2010.

"Black Ops 2" is the first game in the "Call of Duty" series to have a complete story which plays in the future.

"Black Ops II" begins in the year 2025, where China and the United States are in a cold war after China stops exporting rare earth elements. In this future setting, militaries use robotic weaponry, cyberwarfare, unmanned vehicles and futuristic technology. Militaries on both sides are concerned that the unmanned weaponry can be hacked. Players take the role of a military CIA commander David Mason, who is the son of the main protagonist from the previous game, Alex Mason. The antagonist of the game, Raul Menendez is trying to carry out a massive cyber attack to hack unmanned weaponry used by the United States. Mason and his team desperately try to capture Menendez and uncover his plans. They succeed in capturing him, only to find out that he had planned to be captured so that he could launch the cyber attack directly from the CIA military base. Menendez succeeds in doing this, and the city of Los Angeles is comes under attack by hacked unmanned weaponry. Mason is able to stop Menendez, and the player has the choice to kill or capture him.

Throughout the story mode the player has to go through multiple missions, and many of them are difficult. There is also a multiplayer mode, and a zombies game mode. 
The popularity of the multiplayer mode has decreased with the arrival newer games, though it still has a dedicated fan base.


Lusitania

Lusitania () was an ancient Roman province in modern Portugal (south of the Douro river) and part of western Spain (Extremadura and a part of the province of Salamanca).

Gulf of Tonkin resolution

The Gulf of Tonkin resolution (August 1964) was a joint resolution by the United States Congress for the United States to begin the Vietnam War. For a decade the CIA had been sending in South Vietnamese teams on sabotage missions to the North. American ships such as the "Maddox" went on espionage missions in the North's coastal waters. U.S. President Johnson claimed that the North Vietnamese had made two attacks on the "Maddox" and the "Turner Joy" in the Gulf of Tonkin. On the 4th of August he asked for congressional support to return the attacks.

The government had written up a resolution in June 1964. Believing that the lives of American sailors were in danger from the North Vietnamese, Congress willingly passed the resolution. The resolution gave the president the power to start war in Vietnam. As Johnson said, it was "like grandma's night shirt - it covered everything". The resolution would end when the president believed that the situation in Southeast Asia was safe or when Congress decided to terminate it. Senator Mansfield was unconvinced that the U.S. was acting correctly.

With the resolution, Johnson appeared to have the nation behind him. Now the war could really be taken to the North. This escalation for the U.S. in the Vietnam War made Johnson look tough. His public approval rating rose from 42 to 72 percent, helping him to win the presidential election. The resolution and the presidential election suggested a nation united behind its president in his Vietnam policy.


Carnassial

Carnassials are large teeth used for shearing flesh and bone in a scissor- or shear-like way. They are found in many carnivorous mammals, 

In the Carnivora, the carnassials are the modified last upper premolar and the first molar. In the Creodonta, the carnassials were further back in the jaw–first upper and second lower or second upper and third lower molars.

Wear and cracking of the carnassial teeth in a wild carnivore (e.g. wolves, lions) may result in the death of the individual due to starvation.

Brian De Palma

Brian Russell De Palma (born September 11, 1940) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Newark, New Jersey to Italian American Roman Catholic parents Anthony De Palma (1904-2005) and Vivienne (née Muti). He was raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and in New Hampshire. 

De Palma directed "Carrie", "The Fury", "Dressed to Kill", "Blow Out", "Scarface", "Body Double", "Wise Guys", "The Untouchables", "Casualties of War", "The Bonfire of the Vanities", "Raising Cain", "Carlito's Way", "", "Snake Eyes", "Mission to Mars", "Femme Fatale" and "The Black Dahlia".

Great fire of Meireki

The was a major event in the history of Tokyo, which was called Edo before 1868. 

The fire destroyed more than half of the city of Edo in March 1657.

The fire lasted for more than one day:

An estimated 100,000 lives were lost. 

Edo was soon re-built.

Poltergeist (1982 movie)

Poltergeist is a 1982 American horror movie set in Orange County, California. It was directed by Tobe Hooper. It stars Craig T. Nelson, JoBeth Wiliams, Beatrice Straight, Dominique Dunne, Oliver Robins, Richard Lawson and Heather O'Rourke.

It was followed by two sequels: "" and "Poltergeist III". It was remade in 2015.

Jackie Mason

Jackie Mason (born Yacov Moshe Maza; June 9, 1928 – July 24, 2021) was an American stand-up comedian and actor. 

His 1986 one-man show "The World According to Me" won a Special Tony Award, an Outer Critics Circle Award, an Ace Award, an Emmy Award, and a Grammy nomination. Later, his 1988 special "Jackie Mason on Broadway" won another Emmy Award. He was known for his voice role as Rabbi Hyman Krustofski in "The Simpsons", which won Mason a third Emmy Award.

Mason was born in Sheboygan, Wisconsin and grew up in New York City. He graduated from the City College of New York. In 1991, he married Jyll Rosenfeld. He has a daughter from another relationship.

Previously a Democrat, Mason was a registered Republican and defended former President Donald Trump on many issues.

Mason died on July 24, 2021 at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City after being hospitalized for over two weeks, aged 93.





Certificat de formation à la sécurité

The Certificat de formation à la sécurité (CFS) (in English Safety training certificate) is the French national degree required to be flight attendant in France. It replaces the "Certificat de Sécurité Sauvetage" (CSS) since the 16th of July 2008. It consists of a theoretical and a practical part, each of them contains teaching in aviation safety and first aid.

Naftalan, Azerbaijan

Naftalan is a city in Azerbaijan. It is surrounded by the rayon of Goranboy. It is on an agricultural plain near the Lesser Caucasus Mountains. The word "naftalan" also means a petroleum product which can be got there.

Archaeological findings in the region date to the 12th century AD.

Samukh District

Samukh () is a raion of Azerbaijan. The term "Samukh" is from a Caucasian Albanian word for 'Forest Hunting Place'.
There are Bronze Age burial mounds around Nəbiağalı, the raion's administrative center.

Shamkir District

Shamkir is a rayon in Azerbaijan. It is in the northwestern part of the country. The rayon was called "Shamkhor" during the Soviet rule. The name changed to Shamkir in 1991. The district was formed in 1930. The capital of Shamkir Rayon is Shamkir city.


Tovuz Rayon

Tovuz is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is from Baku. A major train line runs through the center, stopping at Tovuz Stansiya. Tovuz also borders Armenia near the village of Eli Beli. The town of Tovuz is the capital of this raion. There are 113 settlements.


Quba District

Quba District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the north-east of the country and belongs to the Quba-Khachmaz Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Qusar, Qabala, Ismayilli, Shamakhi, Shabran, and Khachmaz. Its capital and largest city is Quba. As of 2020, the district had a population of 173,400.

The fertile region surrounding Quba is best known for its production of apples and the city area of Quba is known for its fine carpets.


Qusar District

Qusar is a raion of Azerbaijan. Its capital is Qusar. 98% of the people are Muslim.

Khachmaz District

Khachmaz is a raion in northeastern Azerbaijan. The capital is Khachmaz. 

Shabran District

Shabran () is a raion of Azerbaijan. It was renamed from Davachi (Dəvəçi) in 2010.

Siyazan District

Siazan () is a raion in Azerbaijan. The capital is Siyəzən. The region has many Tats who speak the Tat language. The word "Siyazan" means "black female" in Tat. In 2010 there were 37,900 people.

Qubadli District

Qubadli District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the south-west of the country and belongs to the Eastern Zangezur Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Lachin, Khojavend, Jabrayil, Zangilan, and the Syunik Province of Armenia.

Its capital and largest city is Qubadli. As of 2020, the district had a nominal population of 41,600.

Kalbajar District

Kalbajar District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the west of the country and belongs to the Eastern Zangezur Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Lachin, Khojaly, Agdam, Tartar, Goranboy, Goygol, Dashkasan, as well as the Gegharkunik and Vayots Dzor provinces of Armenia. Its capital and largest city is Kalbajar. As of 2020, the district had a nominal population of 94,100.

The district was occupied by Armenian forces during the 1990s Nagorno-Karabakh War and all of its original Azerbaijani population were expelled or killed. Most of the district was returned in 2020 as a result of a ceasefire ending the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war.

Lachin District

Lachin District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the west of the country and belongs to the Eastern Zangezur Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Kalbajar, Khojaly, Shusha, Khojavend, Qubadli, and the Syunik Province of Armenia. Its capital and largest city is Lachin. As of 2020, the district had a nominal population of 78,600.

The district was occupied by Armenia in 1992 and all of its original Azerbaijani population was either expelled or killed. Armenian forces controlled the district from 1992 until late 2020, when the district was returned to Azerbaijan per the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh ceasefire agreement which ended the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war.

Zangilan District

Zangilan District () is a raion of Azerbaijan. It was occupied by the unrecognised Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from October 1993 until October 2020.

Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain

The Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain is the Hawaiian Islands and the Emperor Seamounts: together they form a vast underwater mountain region of islands, seamounts, atolls, shallows, banks and reefs. The line goes southeast to northwest beneath the northern Pacific Ocean; and many of the underwater mountains are guyots.

The seamount chain, with over 80 identified undersea volcanoes, stretches over from the Aleutian Trench in the far northwest Pacific to the Loʻihi seamount, the youngest volcano in the chain, which lies about southeast of the Island of Hawaiʻi. 

The oldest age for the Emperor Seamounts is 81 million years, and comes from Detroit Seamount. However, Meiji Guyot, located to the north of Detroit Seamount, is likely somewhat older.

In 1963, geologist John Tuzo Wilson explained that the Hawaiian-Emperor seamount chain was created by a hotspot of volcanic activity that stood as the Pacific tectonic plate moved over it. This left a trail of volcanic islands and seamounts. A "bend" or "V" in the chain marks a shift in the movement of the Pacific plate some 47 million years ago, from a northward to a more northwesterly direction. The bend shows how a tectonic plate can shift direction suddenly. A look at the USGS map on the origin of the Hawaiian Islands clearly shows this "spearpoint".

Recent research shows that the hotspot itself may have moved with time. Some evidence comes from analysis of the orientation of the ancient magnetic field preserved by magnetite in ancient lava flows sampled at four seamounts.


Braes of Doune Wind Farm

Braes of Doune Wind Farm is a wind farm in Scotland and generates 36% of Scotland's wind power.

Notre-Dame-d'Auteuil

Notre-Dame-d'Auteuil is a church in the Orne department. It was built around 1100. It is noticeable by its very well-kept Romanesque structure and an important carved decoration,which shows the multiple inspiration of the sculptors between Normandy, Ile-de-France and Val-de-Loire.


Church of Saint-Céneri-le-Gerei

The Church of Saint-Céneri-le-Gerei () is a Roman Catholic church in the commune of Saint-Cénéri-le-Gérei in north-western France. It was built in the late-11th and early-12th centuries.

The building of the Church of Saint-Cénéri-le-Gérei was started in 1089 and ended in 1125. The structure is on a rocky cliff near the Sarthe river. 
The church has Norman characteristics.
The church is made up of a nave and a with small chapels. It has a choir with a curved apse. The central tower has a roof with two sides.

The old church was restored in 2006.

Chambois

Chambois is a commune in north-western France. It is in the Orne department.

The Donjon of Chambois is a small castle, or keep located on the road from Exmes to Falaise. It was built in the second part of 12th century, by William de Mandeville, vassal of Henri Plantagenêt. The height of the rectangular structure is about 26 metres. It was framed by an extension in the southeast angle and by rectangular turrets in every corner. The central volume contained three levels of rooms, each of them with windows, a chimney and, in the angled turrets, annexes. These arrangements illustrated the residential function of the Donjon.



Keith Ferguson

Keith James Ferguson (b February 26, 1972) is an American voice actor. He is well known for his work as the voice of Blooregard Q. Kazoo (or "Bloo" for short) in the 2004 Cartoon Network animated series "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends". 



Julie Walters

Dame Julia Mary Walters (born 22 February 1950) is a British actress, known professionally as Julie Walters. She was born at St Chad's Hospital, Edgbaston, Birmingham, which was then the hospital covering Smethwick, Staffordshire. Her movie roles include the title role in "Educating Rita", June Edwards in "Buster", Molly Weasley in the "Harry Potter" series and Sandra Wilkinson in "Billy Elliot". She has also acted on television and on stage, and was a long-time collaborator with Victoria Wood. She trained as a nurse before entering acting.

Walters starred as Mrs. Bird in "Paddington" and "Paddington 2".

In February 2020, Walters said she was diagnosed and successfully treated for stage-3 bowel cancer in 2019.


Julie Walters has won 7 BAFTA Awards, (including a special BAFTA that she received at a tribute evening in 2003) a Golden Globe, an Olivier, two International Emmys and has been nominated for two Academy Awards.

Villers-en-Ouche

Villers-en-Ouche is a former commune in north-western France. It is in the Orne department. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune La Ferté-en-Ouche.

In the commune is a large house or mansion, called the Château de Villers-en-Ouche. The château was first built in the late-1400s. It was re-built in 1610 by the family "La Chapelle". The main building has a Mansard roof, decorated with 5 skylight windows, which replaced a higher roof that was burned in 1741.

The grounds include a French style garden and a 10-hectare park. In 2009, the chateau was honored with Emile Garcin-Paris Prize for work on the pigeon house, which was built in the 15th century.



José Luís Peixoto

José Luís Peixoto (born 4 September 1974, in Galveias, Portalegre, Portugal), is a Portuguese writer.
His novels that are in English are "Blank Gaze" (UK title)/"The Implacable Order of Things" (US title) and "The Piano Cemetery".

His works have been published in France, Italy, Greece, Bulgaria, Turkey, Finland, Holland, Spain (Spanish and Catalan), Czech Republic, Croatia, Belarus, Brazil, United States, United Kingdom, and Hungary. His novels have been translated in a total of 20 languages. 

Peixoto graduated from the Universidade Nova de Lisboa. 







Astara District

Astara is a raion in southeastern Azerbaijan. It was formed in 1930. There are 95,300 people. Astarachay and Tangarud rivers are in the raion. A part of the Hirkan National Park is in Astara raion.
Astara is a major source for Azerbaijan's fishing industry.

Jalilabad District (Azerbaijan)

Jalilabad (Cəlilabad) is a raion of Azerbaijan. The capital is the city of Cəlilabad (also spelled Jalilabad). 

Lankaran District

Lankaran (Lenkoran, Lənkəran) is a raion of Azerbaijan. The city of Lankaran is in the raion but considered separate. Archaeological excavations show people lived here since at least the Bronze Age. Between 1747 and 1813 Lankaran was the main city of the Talysh Khanate.

The region has a large area of national parks. Gizil-Agach State Reserve has over 250 kinds of plants, 30 species of fish and more than 220 kinds of birds. Lankaran is also known for "Parrotia persica", or ironwood. It is naturally grown in the region. It is found in Hirkan National Park. The Persian leopard (Panthera pardus saxicolor) subspecies of the leopard, lives in the national park as well.



Lankaran

Lankaran (also called Länkäran, Lencoran, and Lenkoran’) is a city in Azerbaijan. It is on the coast of the Caspian Sea, near the southern border of Iran. There were 83,300 people living there in 2010. It is next to Lankaran rayon. Lankaran was for a long time the capital of the Talysh Khanate. Lankaran International Airport is the airport for the city. There are sandy beaches near Lankaran.

The old form of the name was "Langarkanan". In Persian, it means "the place of pulling up the anchor(s)".
Lankaran State University was started in 1991.


Saint-Cénéri-le-Gérei

Saint-Céneri-le-Gérei is a commune in north-western France. It is in the Orne department.


Lerik District

Lerik Raion is a raion in southern Azerbaijan. It is near the Iranian border. It is between the Talysh Mountains and the agricultural plain of the Lankaran Lowland. There are about 71,200 people there.

Masally District

Masally (Masallı) is a raion in the south of Azerbaijan. The Caspian Sea is on the east border. Vilash is the largest river of the district. The raion was formed in 1930.

Yardimli District

Yardymli (Yardımlı) is a raion of Azerbaijan. Towns include Avaş, Qaravuldaş, and Deman.

Babek District

Babek or Babak is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. It surrounds but does not include Nakhchivan City. It used to be named Nakhchivan. The current name is for Babak Khorramdin. Khorramdin led a 23 year long uprising against the Abbasid Caliphate in Iran.

Julfa District

Julfa (Culfa) is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. Julfa City is the raion's capital.

Kangarli District

Kangarli or Kengerli is the newest raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. There were 25,379 people in 2004. It was split off from Sharur raion in March 2004. The administrative center of the raion is Givrakh.

On 25 May 2004, President Ilham Aliyev chose Nazim Cafarov as the executive head of the raion.

The name Kangarli was first for a Turkic tribe who founded Kangarli Khanate. The capital was at Maku in what is now Iran. 

Nakhchivan (city)

Nakhchivan () is the capital of the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan, located west of Baku. The city is spread over the foothills of Zangezur chain, on the right bank of the Nakhchivan River at an altitude of almost 1,000 m (3,300 ft).

Nakhchivan is an ancient city with a rich history, located in Azerbaijan. It has roots dating back to ancient times, and its strategic position made it a significant cultural and trade center along the Silk Road. Over the centuries, it has been under various empires, including Persian, Ottoman, and Russian control. Today, Nakhchivan stands as a blend of historical heritage and modern influence.

Nakhchivan is one of Azerbaijan's main centres of education. Universities here are:

Football and Futsal are the most popular sports in Nakhchivan. The city's Araz Naxçivan is one of the top futsal clubs in the European futsal arena. They regularly participate in the UEFA Futsal Cup.

Ordubad District

Ordubad District () is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. Ordubad is the capital city and the second largest town in Nakhchivan. In addition Ordubad Raion includes 47 villages and settlements. 

The historic name is Goghtan. This is a Turkic way of saying the Armenian word Vortvat. This means ""the wormy place"". The banks of the Araxes river has many worms. These worms were used to make inks for printing.

Sadarak District

Sadarak (Sədərək) is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. It was split from the Ilyich raion (present-day Sharur) in 1990. It has an exclave in Armenia, Karki. Karki came under Armenian control in May 1992. It was captured during the Nagorno-Karabakh War. The capital was Sədərək. It is now Heydarabad.

Super glue

Super glue, or cyanoacrylate, is the common name for a group of fast-acting adhesives with industrial, medical and household uses. It normally comes in a small tube, and is often sold as "Super Glue" or "Krazy Glue". It is slightly toxic. 

Cyanoacrylate is an extremely strong glue. However, the glue is not so good at keeping together against shear (sideways pushing). 

There are other versions for medical and veterinary use, created to be non-toxic and less irritating to skin. 

Cyanoacrylate adhesives are sometimes known as instant glues.

Super glue will stick to human skin instantly. If this happens, it can be removed with acetone, commonly found in nail polish remover. Medical grade super glue is sometimes used to seal small cuts, scrapes, and mild wounds. Never use in deep or puncture wounds. 

Super glue will burn if it comes in contact with cotton, including cotton clothing, cotton gloves, and cotton swabs. The severity of this reaction can range from a small amount of heat and smoke to starting a fire, depending on the amount of glue and/or cotton involved.

Shakhbuz District

Shakhbuz (Şahbuz) is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic.

Sharur District

Sharur is a raion of Azerbaijan. It is in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. 

Balakan District

Balakan District (, ) is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the north of the country and belongs to the Shaki-Zagatala Economic Region. The district borders the district of Zagatala, and the Russian Republic of Dagestan. Its capital and largest city is Balakan. As of 2020, the district had a population of 99,100.

Qabala District

Qabala is a raion of Azerbaijan. Its capital is the historic town of Qəbələ. In ancient times the town was the capital of Caucasian Albania.

Qabala has a professional football team called Gabala FC.

Qakh District

Qakh District (; ; Tsakhur: Къахын район) is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the north of the country and belongs to the Shaki-Zagatala Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Zagatala, Shaki, Samukh, Yevlakh, and the Russian Republic of Dagestan. Its capital and largest city is Qakh. As of 2020, the district had a population of 57,200.

Oghuz District

Oghuz District () is a raion of Azerbaijan. The capital is named Oghuz.

Shaki District

Shaki District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the north of the country and belongs to the Shaki-Zagatala Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Qakh, Oghuz, Agdash, Yevlakh, and the Russian Republic of Dagestan. Its capital and largest city is Shaki, even though the city is subordinate to the Republic. As of 2020, the district had a population of 188,100.

Shaki, Azerbaijan

Shaki () is a city in northwestern Azerbaijan, surrounded by the district of the same name. It is located on the southern part of the Greater Caucasus mountain range, from Baku. As of 2020, it has a population of 68,400. The center of the city and the Palace of Shaki Khans were inscribed in the UNESCO World Heritage List in 2019 because of its unique architecture and its history as an important trading center along the Silk Road.

Shaki is surrounded by snowy peaks of the Greater Caucasus, which in some places reaches 3000–3600 m. The average annual temperature in Shaki is 12 °C.

The mountain forests around the area prevent the city from floods and overheating of the area during summer. During the Soviet rule of Azerbaijan, many ascended to Shaki to bathe in its prestigious mineral springs.

Mónica Spear

Mónica Spear Mootz (October 1, 1984 - January 6, 2014), better known as Mónica Spear, was a Venezuelan actress. She was "Miss Venezuela" in 2004.

Zagatala District

Zagatala District (; ; Tsakhur: Закаталайни район) is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the north of the country and belongs to the Shaki-Zagatala Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Balakan, Qakh, and the Russian Republic of Dagestan. Its capital and largest city is Zagatala. As of 2020, the district had a population of 129,800.

Aghdam District

Agdam District () is a raion in southwestern Azerbaijan. Its capital is the city of Agdam, which is currently a ghost town. The western half is controlled by the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.

Fizuli Rayon

Fizuli is a raion of Azerbaijan. It was named after the Turkic poet Fuzûlî. Its capital is the town of Fizuli. The western half, including capital Fizuli, is controlled by the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. 

Jabrayil District

Jabrayil District () is a raion of Azerbaijan. The region is controlled by the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. There are 62,100 people. Jabrail raion has productive soils. Before the war most of the people were in agriculture. Jabrail has its southern borders with Iran. 

Khojaly District

Khojaly District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the west of the country and belongs to the Karabakh Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Kalbajar, Lachin, Shusha, Agdam and Khojavend. Its capital and largest city is Khojaly. As of 2020, the district had a nominal population of 28,800.

The centre of the district, the town of Khojaly, was also the site of the Khojaly Massacre, the largest massacre throughout the whole Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. Following the massacre, most of the district was occupied by Armenian forces. Following the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war, Azerbaijan recaptured some villages in the district, while most of the district, including its capital, was put under Russian peacekeeping control.


Khojavend District

Khojavend District () is one of the 66 districts of Azerbaijan. It is located in the west of the country and belongs to the Karabakh Economic Region. The district borders the districts of Lachin, Shusha, Khojaly, Agdam, Aghjabadi, Fuzuli, Jabrayil, and Qubadli. Its capital and largest city is Khojavend, however since the city is under Russian peacekeeping control, the current "de facto" capital is the town of Hadrut. As of 2020, the district had a nominal population of 44,100.

Shusha District

Shusha (Şuşa) is a raion of Azerbaijan. It surrounds the city of Shusha. It is under the control of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.

Tartar District

Tartar (Tərtər) is a raion of Azerbaijan. Most of it is under the control of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.

Gary Weis

Gary Weis is a movie and television director. He was the second creator of short films for Saturday Night Live.



Gary Weiss (baseball)

Gary Lee Weiss (born December 27, 1955 in Brenham, Texas) is a former shortstop in Major League Baseball. He played in 22 games for the Los Angeles Dodgers during the 1980 and 1981 seasons.

Karmin

Karmin is a pop music duo. The singers are Amy Heidemann and Nick Noonan. They are best known for their covers of Chris Brown's "Look at Me Now" and Nicki Minaj's "Super Bass". Their original song "Take It Away" was used in promos for the 2011 NBA Finals.

Felsic

The word "felsic" is a term used in geology to refer to silicate minerals, magma, and igneous rocks which are enriched in the lighter elements such as silicon, oxygen, aluminium, sodium, and potassium. 

They are usually light in colour and have specific gravities less than 3. The most common felsic rock is granite, but others include quartz, muscovite, orthoclase, and the sodium-rich plagioclase feldspars. In terms of chemistry, felsic rocks are on the other side of the rock spectrum from the mafic rocks.

In order for a rock to be classified as felsic, it generally needs to contain more than 75% felsic minerals; namely quartz, orthoclase and plagioclase. Rocks with greater than 90% felsic minerals can also be called "leucocratic", meaning 'light-coloured'.

The rock texture thus determines the basic name of a felsic rock. 


Paparazzi Project

Paparazzi is a do it yourself and open-source micro Unmanned aerial vehicle. Created in 2003, paparazzi is developed in the laboratories of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university). Paparazzi system allows to fly one or more micro-UAVs independently, with a GPS or controlled by a Linux ground station.

Paparazzi has acquired a world-renowned in the field of micro-UAVs, for its technical qualities and its the cost, relatively low concerning the components needed to manufacture the system.


Meagan Good

Meagan Good (born August 8, 1981 in Los Angeles) is an American movie actress and director. She has performed in many commercials, radio and television programs.

Nia Long

Nia Talita "Nia" Long (October 30, 1970) is an American actress. Her movies include "Boyz n the Hood". Her television programs include "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air". She was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Viviparity

Vivparous animals have internal fertilisation and the eggs develop inside the mother. The key idea is that the growing embryo gets its nutrition from a placenta in the mother's womb. It is the standard method for all mammals except monotremes. 

Those reptiles which do not lay eggs mostly keep soft-shelled eggs inside their bodies. The embryo exists on the material in the egg. They are ovoviviparus, because of the source of nutrition. However, there are some amphibians and a few reptiles which are genuinely viviparous because they get their nutrition direct from the mother.

Viviparous plants produce seeds that germinate before they detach from the parent. In many mangroves, for instance, the seedling germinates and grows under its own energy while still attached to its parent. Then it drops into the water to transport away. 

In some trees, like jackfruit, the seeds can be found already germinated while the fruit goes overripe. This condition is not vivipary because the moist and humid conditions just mimics a wet soil. However, the seeds can germinate under soil too.

Taihō (era)

The system of "nengō" mirrored the Chinese system of eras ("nianhao"). The use of "nengō" marked a new phase in the history of the Imperial court. It became an example of growth in political power.

Taihō was adopted to mark the discovery of gold in Tsushima.

The system of Japanese era names was not the same as Imperial reign dates.




Jennifer Jones

Jennifer Jones (born Phylis Lee Isley, March 2, 1919 – December 17, 2009) was an American actress. She was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 

Jones won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for her role as Bernadette Soubirous in "The Song of Bernadette". She was also nominated for Academy Awards for her roles in: "Since You Went Away", "Love Letters", "Duel in the Sun" and "Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing". 

Jones married actor Robert Walker (1918–1951) in 1939. They had two sons, actor Robert Walker, Jr. (1940–2019) and Michael Walker (1941–2007). The couple divorced in 1945. She was married to movie producer David O. Selznick (1902–1965) from 1949 until his death. The couple had a daughter, Mary Jennifer Selznick (1954–1976). Jones was married to businessman Norton Simon (1907–1993) from 1971 until his death.

She died in Malibu, California on December 17, 2009 at the age of 90.

Flag of the Bahamas

The flag of the Bahamas started to be used on July 10, 1973. The black triangle on the left is for the unity and determination of the people of the Bahamas. The triangle points toward three equal-width stripes. The stripes are for areas of natural resource. The two aquamarine stripes at the top and bottom are for the sea. The gold stripe is for the land. 

Keiun

, also known as Kyōun, was a following "Taihō" and preceding "Wadō." The period startedin May 704 and ended in January 708. The reigning emperors were and . 




Rebecca De Mornay

Rebecca De Mornay (born Rebecca Pearch, August 29, 1959) is an American actress. She was born in Santa Rosa, California to Wally George (1931-2003) and Jane (née Eager). She starred in "Risky Business" and "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle". 

She lived with Tom Cruise from 1983-1985. She was married to writer Bruce Wagner from 1989 until they divorced in 1990. Mornay was later in a relationship with singer Leonard Cohen in the 1990s. She married sportscaster Patrick O'Neal in 1995. They had two daughters and divorced in 2002.

Coat of arms of the Bahamas

The Coat of Arms of the Bahamas is a shield with the national symbols. 

The shield has a marlin and flamingo. The crest on top of the helmet is a conch shell. This is for the varied marine life of the island chain. The ship is said to be the "Santa María" of Christopher Columbus. The animals on the shield are the national animals. The national motto is at the bottom. 

The vibrant colors of the coat of arms are to point to a bright future for the islands. 

The Coat of Arms was approved by Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth II on 7th December, 1971. 

March On, Bahamaland

"March On, Bahamaland" is a song. It is the national anthem of the Bahamas. Timothy Gibson wrote the music and words. This song was adopted as the national anthem in 1973. That was when the country became a separate country from the United Kingdom. Before that, the anthem was "God Save the Queen", retained as the royal anthem.

Afro-Bahamians

Afro-Bahamians or Bahamians of African descent are Bahamians whose ancestry is from the continent of Africa. Most are from West Africa. The first Africans in The Bahamas came from Bermuda. They were with the Eleutheran Adventurers as freed slaves looking for a new life.

Currently, Afro-Bahamians are the biggest ethnic group in the Bahamas. They are 85% of the country's people. They have a much higher standard of living than previous generations.

Gail O'Grady

Gail Ann O'Grady (born January 28, 1963 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American television actress. She performed on the series "American Dreams" and "NYPD Blue".

White Bahamian

European Bahamians or Bahamians of European Descent are Bahamians whose ancestry is from the continent of Europe. Most are from the British Puritans and American Loyalists who arrived in 1649 and 1783. A small number of the European Bahamian people are from Greek laborers who came to help develop the sponging industry in the 1900s.

Monarchy of the Bahamas

The Bahamas is a Commonwealth realm. King Charles III is the reigning monarch since 8 September 2022. He is The Bahama's head of state.

Many of the jobs of the government are done by the Governor-General.

Governor-General of The Bahamas

The Governor General of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas is the representative of the Bahamian Monarch (currently King Charles III). The Governor General is responsible for selecting the Prime Minister.


Feminization of poverty

Feminization of poverty means today women are more likely to be poor than men, and the number of poor women is going up. Poverty means not having enough money for basic needs such as food, water, shelter, or toilets. There are several causes for the feminization of poverty.


Holes (movie)

Holes is a 2003 American adventure comedy-drama movie based on novel Holes. It has Shia LaBeouf in the lead role of Stanley Yelnats. Also in the movie are Sigourney Weaver, Jon Voight, Patricia Arquette, Tim Blake Nelson, Eartha Kitt, Dulé Hill, Rick Fox, and Henry Winkler as Stanley Yelnats III.

The movie was produced by Walden Media and released by Walt Disney Pictures.

"Holes" made $16,300,155 in its opening weekend. It was #2 at the box office. Number 1 was "Anger Management".

Nanboku-chō period

The , also known as Nambokuchō or the period of Northern and Southern Courts, started in 1333 or 1336 and ended 1392.

During 60+ years of the 14th century, Kyoto was the seat of an pretender Imperial group known as the Northern Court. The series of pretender emperors in Kyoto were supported by the Ashikaga shogunate, but some disputed whether they were true monarchs.

During these years, a Southern Court was established in the Yoshino District of what is today Nara Prefecture. The series of emperors in Yoshino were rejected by the Ashikaga shoguns and their supporters.

Forces loyal to the two rival courts fought for more than six decades. This period of rivalry is sometimes identified as the early part of the Muromachi period of the History of Japan.

In 1392, the Southern court stopped fighting; and the Northern Court seemed to have won the long struggle. However, the claims of the Kyoto pretenders were undermined by scholars and historians. The so-called "emperors" in Kyoto did not have of the essential Imperial regalia until after 1392. The succession ("senso") was not passed to them from Emperor Go-Daigo. The pretenders were not confirmed with valid ceremonies ("sokui").

In 1911, an Imperial decree confirmed that the only legitimate reigning monarchs of this period were the Southern Court emperors.




Nefertem

Nefertem was a deity honored by the ancient Egyptians. According to a creation myth, he was originally a lotus flower at the time of creation. He was worshipped as a god of healing and beauty. Since the blue lotus is a flower and a symbol of rebirth, Nefertem is often compared to it.

His father is Ptah and his mother is Sekhmet. They are all worshiped evenly.

Arthur Foulkes

Sir Arthur Alexander Foulkes, GCMG (born 11 May 1928) served as Governor-General of the Bahamas from 2010 to 2014.

Foulkes was elected to the House of Assembly in 1967. In 1971 he started the Free National Movement. He went to the Senate in 1972 and 1977. He returned to the House of Assembly in 1982. He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in 2001. He was promoted to Knight Grand Cross in 2010.

Arthur Foulkes was born on the island Inagua in Matthew Town on 11 May 1928. His parents were Dr. William A. Foulkes and Mrs. Julie Foulkes née Maisonneuve.

In 1992 Sir Arthur became The Bahamas High Commissioner to the United Kingdom. He was ambassador to France, Germany, Italy, Belgium and the European Union. He became the first Bahamas Ambassador to the People's Republic of China and Ambassador to the Republic of Cuba in 1999.

Sir Arthur married Joan Eleanor Bullard of Nassau.


Prime Minister of the Bahamas

This is a list of prime ministers of the Bahamas.

The Prime Minister of the Bahamas is the head of the Government of the Bahamas. He is also the Minister of Finance and the Member of Parliament (MP) for New Providence and North Abaco.


Perry Christie

The Rt. Hon. Perry Gladstone Christie, PC, MP (born 21 August 1943), is a Bahamian politician. He has been the Prime Minister of the Bahamas from May 2012 to May 2017. He was also Prime Minister from 2002 to 2007. He is also a former athlete. He was the leader of the PLP 

Parliament of the Bahamas

The Parliament of The Bahamas is the bicameral national parliament of The Bahamas. The parliament has an appointed Senate and an elected House of Assembly. It currently sits at Nassau, the national capital.

It is based on the Westminster system.

The House of Assembly is the lower chamber. It has 41 members. They are known as Members of Parliament. Each is elected for five-year terms. The House of Assembly performs all major legislative functions. The Prime Minister is the leader of the party who has the majority of the House of Assembly seats. The speaker of the House of Assembly is currently Mr. Alvin Smith.

The Senate (upper house) has 16 members. They are known as Senators. The Senators are appointed by the Governor-General. Nine of these senators are selected on the advice of the Prime Minister. Four are selected on the advice of the Leader of the Opposition. Three are selected on the advice of the Prime Minister after talking to the Leader of the Opposition. The Senate can pass Bills in the same manner as passed by the House. It can also make amendments to the Bill. Those amendments will then have to be approved by the House of Assembly. The Senate may even reject a Bill that was passed by the House. The President of the Senate is currently Mrs. Lynn Holowesko from 2007. She succeeded Mrs. Sharon R. Wilson.

Bahamian dollar

The dollar (sign: $; code: BSD) has been the currency of The Bahamas since 1966. It is normally abbreviated with the dollar sign "$". Sometimes it is abbreviated "B$" to show it is different from other dollars. It is divided into 100 cents.

Area code 242

Area code 242 is the local telephone area code of the Bahamas. 

When in the Bahamas, a person needs only the seven-digit number to make a call. To call from anywhere within North America (the United States, Canada, etc.), simply dial 1-242 followed by the phone number.

To make calls between different Islands in the Bahamas, the caller must also use 1-242.

Bimini

Bimini is the westernmost district of the Bahamas. Bimini is the closest point in the Bahamas to the mainland United States. It is about 137 miles (209 km) west-northwest of Nassau. There are about 1600 people on the chain of islands. The capital is Alice Town. South Bimini Airport is on South Bimini island. The ocean around the islands is said to be one of the world's top big-game fishing spots.

Bimini is home to several unique and threatened species. The Bimini Boa is the largest of the reptiles on Bimini. The Bimini Ameiva is a very common, fast moving lizard on the island. The Smalltooth sawfish is one of the rarest fish in the world. The spiny dogfish also can be found on Bimini.

Ernest Hemingway lived on Bimini from 1935 to 1937.

Andros, Bahamas

Andros Island is an archipelago in the Bahamas. It is the largest of the 26 inhabited Bahamian Islands. The land area of Andros has hundreds of small islets and cays connected by mangrove estuaries and tidal swamp lands. There are three major islands—North Andros, Mangrove Cay, and South Andros. It is 104 miles (167 km) long by at its widest 40 miles (64 km) wide. 

The Andros Barrier Reef is the world's third longest after Australia's Great Barrier Reef and the Central American Belize Barrier Reef. The island is home to the world's largest collection of Blue Holes. 

Andros is known in the Bahamas by two nicknames, "The Sleeping Giant" and "The Big Yard."

New Providence

New Providence is an island of The Bahamas. It has the most people of all the islands in the Bahamas. It has more than 70% of the total people. It also houses the national capital city, Nassau. The island was first under Spanish control following Christopher Columbus' discovery of the New World. New Providence is the main commercial hub of The Bahamas. It is home to over 400 banks and trust companies. Its hotels and port have more than two thirds of the four million-plus tourists who visit The Bahamas each year. Other settlements on New Providence include Grants Town, Bain Town, Fox Hill, Adelaide, Yamacraw, South Beach, Coral Harbour, Lyford Cay, Paradise Island, Sea Breeze, Centreville, The Grove (South) and The Grove (West Bay), Cable Beach, Delaporte, Gambier and Love Beach.

Socorro, São Paulo

Socorro is a town in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The city is on the "do Peixe" River and in Mantiqueira Mountains. Currently, the city's economy is based on clothing (knitting), ecotourism and adventure sports.

Enyo

Enyo (Ancient Greek: Ἐνυώ) is the goddess of war, violence and bloodshed in Greek mythology. She was the female counterpart and a close companion of the god Ares, sometimes considered to be his sister or lover. A statue of her made by the sons of Praxiteles stood in the Temple of Ares in Athens. She was identified with the Roman goddess Bellona. 

Rose Hill, New South Wales

Rose Hill, New South Wales was an Australian colonial settlement. 

Rose Hill was established on the Parramatta River on November 2, 1788. It was developed by Governor Arthur Phillip and the First Fleet. After Sydney Cove, this was the second settlement in Australia.
The fortified camp was named Rose Hill in honour of George Rose. He was a British politician and member of Parliament. Rose had helped to make Phillip leader of the colony.

The first crop of grain in Australia was grown at Rose Hill.

The area became part of the town of Parramatta.


Sleipnir

In Norse mythology, Sleipnir (Old Norse: "slippy" or "the slipper") is the eight-legged horse who serves as Odin's trusted steed. He is the son of Svaðilfari and the god/jötunn Loki, the latter of whom is actually his mother, having given birth to Sleipnir in the form of a mare. Sleipnir is described as the best and fastest of all horses. 

Necrotizing fasciitis

Necrotizing fasciitis is a major, but rare, condition that affects deep layers of human skin and tissues. The problem is treated very quickly under antibiotics. In more severe cases the area affected may need major surgery or amputation. Many people with the condition may also have other issues, such as diabetes. The condition is caused by bacteria. Other names for the disease are flesh-eating disease or flesh-eating bacteria syndrome.

Mount Alvernia

Mount Alvernia (formerly Como Hill) is on Cat Island in the Bahamas. It is the highest point in the country at above sea level. The mountain shares its name with a school in Montego Bay, Jamaica.

The name is for La Verna, the hill in Tuscany where St. Francis of Assisi received the Wounds of the Cross.


George Rose

George Rose (17 June 1744 – 13 January 1818) was a British politician and member of Parliament.

After Sydney Cove, the second settlement in colonial Australia was named Rose Hill in his honour. 


List of elevation extremes by country

The following sortable table lists land surface elevation extremes by country.

Cat Island, Bahamas

Cat Island is in the central Bahamas. It is one of the Districts of the Bahamas. Mount Alvernia is the country's highest point.

The first European settlers were Loyalists who fled the American Revolution. They arrived in 1783. The island may have been named after Arthur Catt, a pirate, or the name may be for the one-time large population of feral cats.

Historically, the island gained wealth from cotton plantations. Now slash and burn farming is the main way of life for Cat Islanders. An economic crop is cascarilla bark. It is gathered and shipped to Italy. There it becomes a main ingredient in medicines, scents and Campari.

New Bight Airport and Arthur's Town Airport serve the island.

 

Berry Islands

The Berry Islands are a chain of islands and a District of the Bahamas. The Berry Islands has about thirty islands and over one hundred small islands or cays. It is often called "The Fish Bowl of the Bahamas." There are about 700 people. Most of the people are on Great Harbour Cay. The islands were settled in 1836 by Governor Colebrook and a group of freed slaves.

The main attraction is big game fishing. Some of the fish that can be found there are billfish, tuna, grouper, tiger fish, yellowtail snapper, wahoo, king mackerel, and many more. There are also great spots for snorkeling and scuba diving.

HEC Paris

The École des hautes études commerciales de Paris (often shortened to HEC Paris) is a business school in Paris. It was created in 1881 by Gustave Emmanuel Roy. It is one of a few privately run universities in France, which are called Grandes Écoles. The university offers different degrees in the field of economics and management. It is financed by the Chamber of commerce in Paris. It was founded in 1881. It awards the degree of Bachelor of Arts, Master of Science, as well as doctorates and other postgraduate degrees, such as MBAs and EMBAs. The school offers other courses, including an Executive Master in Innovation and Entrepreneurship in partnership with Coursera. 100% online, it aims to train senior managers specializing in these two areas within 18 months. It was opened in March 2017. About 4500 students are taught, about 600 finish their studies each year.

The head of the School is Éloïc Peyrache since January 2021. The school has its own incubator, the Incubateur HEC Paris.

Its alumni association, HEC Alumni, is one of the oldest social networks in the world.

On September 15, 2020, the School co-founded with the Polytechnic Institute of Paris the artificial intelligence research center Hi! PARIS.

The School has three other research center : the Society & Organizations Institute, the Innovation & Entrepreneurship Center and the GREGHEC ("Groupement de Recherche et d’Etudes en Gestion à HEC Paris").


Shilling

The shilling is a unit of currency used in some current and former British Commonwealth countries. The word "shilling" comes from "scilling", an accounting term that dates back to Anglo-Saxon times where it was said to be the value of a cow in Kent or a sheep elsewhere. The word is thought to derive from the base "skell-", "to ring/resound" and the diminutive suffix "-ling". The slang term for a shilling as a currency unit was a "bob".

The abbreviation for shilling is s, from the Latin "solidus", the name of a Roman coin. Often it was informally represented by a slash, standing for a long s: "e.g.," "1/6" would be 1 shilling and sixpence, often pronounced "one and six" (and equivalent to 18d; the shilling itself was valued at 12d). A price with no pence would be written with a slash and a dash, "e.g.," "11/-". Quite often a triangle or (serif) apostrophe would be used to give a neater appearance, "e.g.," "1'6" and "11'-". In Africa it is often abbreviated sh.

During the Great Recoinage of 1816, the mint was instructed to coin one troy pound (weighing 5760 grains) of standard (0.925 fine) silver into 66 shillings, or its equivalent in other denominations. This effectively set the weight of the shilling, and its subsequent decimal replacement 5 new pence coin, at 87.2727 grains or 5.655 grams from 1816 to 1990, when a new smaller 5p coin was introduced.

Nomenclature des niveaux de formation

The Nomenclature des niveaux de formation (in English national classification of levels of training) is used, notably for statistical purposes, to measure the training completed by somebody. Two classifications are commonly used in France: The "nomenclature des niveaux de formation" (national classification of levels of training), established in 1969 by the "Commission statistique nationale" (national statistical commission), and the International Standard Classification of Education (ISCED), validated by UNESCO in 1997 and used for international comparisons.

The first one is used by the French Ministry of National Education, but also by the French employment agency, to classify jobseekers by education level, and by INSEE for the census, ...

Built in reference to the one of 1967, this classification refers to a skill level (responsibility in employment).

Staff with a job normally requiring a level of training equivalent to the "brevet d'études professionnelles" (BEP) or the "certificat d'aptitude professionnelle" (CAP), and by equivalence, of the "certificat de formation professionnelle des adultes" (CFPA).

This level corresponds to a full qualification for the practice of a specific activity, with the ability to use instruments and techniques relating thereto. This activity involves chiefly the performance of a work which may be independently conduct within the limits of the techniques related thereto.

Staff with a jobs of control or highly skilled worker and can attest a level of training equivalent to that of the "brevet professionel" (BP), the "brevet de technicien" (BT), a "Baccalauréat professionel" or a "Baccalauréat technologique".

A degree of level IV requires more theoretical knowledge than the previous level. This activity involves chiefly technical work which can be performed independently and/or entail executive coaching (control).

Staff with a jobs that normally requires a "Diplôme universitaire de technologie" (DUT) or a "Brevet de technician supérieur" (BTS) or end of undergraduate higher education.
A degree of Level III corresponds to the knowledge and skills level, though lacking the knowledge of the scientific basis of the areas concerned. Capabilities and knowledge required ensure to be able to work autonomously or independently responsibilities of design and/or coaching and/or management.

Staff with a middle management job that normally requires a training of a Bachelor's degree level or a first-year Master's degree level.

At this level, the practice of an employment contract or independent means knowing the scientific foundations of the job, generally leading to autonomy in carrying out this activity.

Staff with a middle management job that normally requires a training above the first-year Master's degree level.

In addition to strong knowledge of scientific basis of the job, a level I requires knowledge of process design and research.

Mario Vargas Llosa

Jorge Mario Pedro Vargas Llosa, 1st Marquess of Vargas Llosa (born March 28, 1936), is a Peruvian writer, politician, journalist and essayist. Winner of the Nobel prize for literature, he is one of the most renown writers of modern times. He has written many books, plays and essays and still writes. A few famous books are listed below:

He received the Nobel Prize in Literature on December 10, 2010. His book "The Dream of the Celt" is about the life of Irishman Roger Casement. Though it was published in Spanish 2010, the translation into English is still incomplete.

International Certificate of Competence

An International Certificate of Competence (ICC) is a certificate, which may be issued to anyone who has successfully completed certain "national boating licenses" or has successfully passed an "examination" to prove the necessary competence for pleasure boat operation.

Association des professionnels navigants de l'aviation

The Association des professionnels navigants de l'aviation (APNA) (in ) is a French aeronautical non-profit organization created in 1927 in order to "group, in a close community all those who belong, by their profession, to the civil aviation, and participate in the development of the national aeronautics, in conjunction with the public authorities, the manufacturers, the airlines and the professionals unions".

Aviation Without Borders

Aviation Without Borders is a voluntary association created to put the flying skills of its members to the service of humanitarian assistance. It provides air transport for various NGOs in direct contact with affected people. The aircraft used generally belong to AWB and additional equipment can be rented for well defined missions.


Kundalini

In the Hindu religion, there is a strong spirit energy called Kundalini. It lives in all people but nearly always sleeps, curled like a snake near the bottom of their spine, in the first chakra. If it ever wakes up, it climbs the spine and the other chakras, and the whole body and mind of the person fill with energy and understanding. This feels so special that people cannot find words to say what it is like. Some people try to wake kundalini up by meditation or yoga. A person with awake kundalini can help, by sending energy to them. This is called shaktipat.

Kundalini is a Hindu name, but ideas that are nearly the same come from all around the world. Some of these are the Taoist 'greater kan and li', Egyptian 'sekhem', Hebrew 'shekinah', Christian 'Pentecostal fire', Kaballist 'secret fire' and Kalahari 'num'.

Atonement (movie)

Atonement is a 2007 British romantic drama war movie. It is set in the 1930s and 1940s. It was directed by Joe Wright. It is based on 2001 novel Atonement by Ian McEwan. It stars James McAvoy as Robbie Turner and Keira Knightley as Cecilia Tallis. Her younger sister Briony Tallis is played by Saoirse Ronan at age 13, Romola Garai at age 18 and Vanessa Redgrave at age 77.

Hammer toe

Hammer toes are a condition of the proximal interphalangeal joint of the second, third, fourth or fifth toe. The condition makes the toe permanently bent, and resembles a hammer. The mallet toe is a very similar issue which affects the distal joint area. Some people are born with these issues. Usually, these issues happen due to the wear of poorly fitting shoes that often force the toe to bend (particularly high heels) or shoes which are too narrow or short.

Oviraptorosaur

Oviraptorosaurs are a group of feathered maniraptoran dinosaurs from the Cretaceous period of what are now Asia and North America. They have short, beaked, parrot-like skulls, with or without bony head crests. They ranged in size from "Caudipteryx", which was the size of a turkey, to the 8 meter long, 1.4 ton "Gigantoraptor". The most complete oviraptorosaur specimens have been found in Asia. The North American oviraptorosaur record is sparse. 

The group (and all maniraptoran dinosaurs) is close to the ancestry of birds. Oviraptorosaurs might be primitive flightless birds. On the other hand, they might just be close relatives of the birds.

The earliest and most basal ("primitive") known oviraptorosaurs are "Protarchaeopteryx robusta" and "Incisivosaurus gauthieri", both from the lower Yixian Formation of China, dating to about 125 million years ago in the Lower Cretaceous. Some fragmentary species, such as "Calamospondylus oweni" and "Thecocoelurus daviesi", may have been even earlier members of the Oviraptorosauria. A tiny neck vertebra from England shares some features in common with oviraptorosaurs. It may represent an earlier occurrence of this group, at about 140 million years ago.


Taika (era)

The system of "nengō" mirrored the Chinese system of eras ("nianhao"). The use of "nengō" marked a new phase in the history of the Imperial court. It became an example of growth in political power.

The system of Japanese era names was not the same as Imperial reign dates.









Ajkaceratops

Ajkaceratops (pronounced "oi-ka-se-ra-tops") is a genus of ceratopsian dinosaur described in 2010. It lived in the Cretaceous period in what is now Europe, in what was back then the Tethyan archipelago. It is a ceratopsian, and is beaked. "Ceratops" means "horned face" in Greek.

The generic name, "Ajkaceratops", honors Ajka, a town in Hungary where the fossils where found.

The Ajkaceratops has a skull that looks a lot like a Protoceratops skull, except that it has a hump near the beak. The body is slender and long, compared to the skull. The tail is very short for its size. Ajkaceratops would have walked quadrupedally and eaten low vegetation. Ajkaceratops may have reached the part of europe in which it was found by Island-hopping. 

Calamosaurus

Calamosaurus was a genus of small theropod dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of the Isle of Wight.

As a possible basal coelurosaur, "Calamosaurus" would have been a small, agile, bipedal carnivore. Naish "et al" 2001. estimate the living animal would have been around 3–5 meters long (9.8-16.4 feet), with a small head given the build of the neck vertebrae.

There is too little material to say much more about it.

Matej

Matej is a given name that originates from the Slavic nations of Eastern Europe. It is one of the most common male names in both Slovakia and Slovenia. It is also common in Croatia and Ukraine and less common in the Czech Republic. The name is originally derived from the evangelist disciple St. Matthew. Foreign versions of the name include Matthew in English, Mathäus in German, Matei in Romania and Matteo in Italian. Matej, being a Biblical name (see Acts 1:23) can be easily cross-referenced with the corresponding name in other languages. The Slavic pronunciation of the name consists of Matej with a soft "j". Matej in Ukraine and Russia is Matviy, and in Poland it is Maciej. The Hebrew version of the name is Mattithyahu or Matisyahu which translate to "Gift of Yahweh" in Standard Hebrew and Tiberian Hebrew. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Lysyl oxidase

Lysyl oxidase is an enzyme which speeds up coacervation, a reaction which attaches protoelastin molecules to each other, creating the protein elastin. Elastin is a component of the human skin which lets it stretch without being deformed permanently.

Lysyl oxidase is made up of various amino acids (the building blocks of proteins) which make up the final protein: elastin. Elastin is made of valine, alanine, glycine, and proline.

Muret – Lherm Aerodrome

Muret - Lherm Aerodrome (ICAO code: LFBR) is located at Lherm in the Haute-Garonne département in the Occitanie region. It is southwest of Muret.

A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is located on the aerodrome.

Every year, in May, the airport welcomes the air show Airexpo.



Shopping

Shopping is an activity where people buy goods they want or need with money. 

Large, indoor shopping malls became commonplace in the 1950s.

People who go shopping visit shops. Those people are called "shoppers". They may go to buy things, or just to look. It is mostly explained like leisure.

Often "shopping" means not just buying goods, but the whole complex, which also includes entertainment (restaurants, cafes, cinema, etc.).

In modern society, about a third of all goods are manufactured for the real needs of people, and the rest belongs to the "optional" group (new fashionable models of mobile phones, color "tabloid" magazines, "super-cutters", "Fat burners", etc.).

In some places, shopping is considered an important activity or even a hobby.

There is a television program called "Shop till you drop". It is a game show for shoppers. 

As in the case of alcohol, drugs, gambling, the Internet, food, with a passion for shopping, a painful addiction called "oniomania" can develop, also named "shopaholism". Psychologists confirmed that addicted people become dependent on doing shopping, being in a state of euphoria and thus reducing a level of stress. 

Currently, online shopping is becoming an important part in the retail industry. According to different studies, women are more involved in shopping — about 80% of consumers at all.

1. Lifts your mood.

Shopping is associated with a sense of achievement. Think about the time you scored a vintage necklace from your local neighborhood thrift shop. You were elated to find a piece of jewelry that was unique and within your budget. The heightened emotions of happiness release endorphins, known as the "feel good" chemicals in your brain. Endorphins help you refocus your mind on your body movements, improving your overall mood.

2. Lowers stress levels.

When you shop, you socially interact with people around you - whether they're fellow shoppers or sales associates. In addition, shopping with a best friend, partner, or family member provides a bonding experience that can reduce stress levels. In a study published by the American Psychological Association (APA), levels of cortisol, the stress hormone, were tested in kids who were with their best friend versus kids who were alone during a negative experience. Kids who were with their best friends during a negative experience produced less levels of cortisol than their counterparts, which suggests any form of bonding can be good for the mind, body, and soul.

3. Mental activity

The mental, physical, and social engagement of shopping can keep your perception intact even in old age. When you shop, you are physically active by walking, going up and down escalators, and trying on clothes. The mental component of shopping is introduced when you revise your budget, check which on-sale item is better, and calculate your total cost. Socially, you meet up with friends or you hold small-talk with an employee at a department store.

It's essential to keep your mental acuity in focus as you age. Therefore, shopping can help prevent dementia, an illness that affects many adults in the beginning of their 60s.

4. Maintenance of health

Daily shopping trips were linked to an increase in survival rate with the collection of data of approximately 2,000 elderly men and women aged 65 and over from Taiwan and the statistics of the country's National Death Registration from 1999 to 2008.

"For example, elders may maintain a mall walking routine, perhaps regarded as shopping activity, although more to do with the need to belong to a community or keep physically active in a safe and convenient environment," says the study.


AT&amp;T Stadium

AT&T Stadium is the current retractable roof stadium for the Dallas Cowboys. It was opened on May 22, 2009 costing $1.3 billion. It is also used for concerts and other events. It was known as Cowboys Stadium from 2009 until 2013.

On July 25, 2013, it was announced that the Cowboys had agreed to grant naming rights to AT&T, changing the name of Cowboys Stadium to AT&T Stadium.

AT&T Stadium is currently one of the world's covered stadium with 80,000 seats. A pair of nearly 300 ft (91 m)-tall arches spans the length of the stadium dome, anchored to the ground at each end. The new stadium also includes "more than 3,000 Sony LCD TV's throughout the luxury suites, concourses, concession areas and more, offering fans viewing options that extend beyond the action on the field," and a center-hung video board that is the largest high-definition television screen in the world. Glass doors, allowing each end zone to be opened, were designed and built.

Besides having the Cowboys play there, AT&T Stadium has hosted the following sports events:


Croatian Liberation Movement

The Croatian Liberation Movement (, HOP) is a minor far-right political party in Croatia. 

HOP was formed by Croatians in exile. Ustaše was movement with nationalistic ideas. It also had fascist tendencies. After the Second World War, there were some fights concerning the leadership of Ustaše. In 1956, Ante Pavelić formed the Croatian Liberation Movement in Buenos Aires. The goal of HOP was to control the original Ustaše organization. Because of its roots, HOP is widely seen as a successor of the Ustaše. In the early 1990s, the state of Yugoslavia disintegrated, and the parts it was made of became independent republics. In 1991, HOP moved to Zagreb; and the organization was registered as a political party. In 1997, HOP came into public limelight for paying a requiem mass for the Ustaše leader Pavelić in the Church of Saint Dominic in Split.

One of the goals of the Croatian Liberation Movement is to re-establish the state of Croatia with the borders it had during the Second World War. At that time, the state also included Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Croatian Liberation Movement was founded by Ante Pavelić in Buenos Aires in 1956. In 1957, after some people tried to kill Pavelić, he and his family moved to Spain. Pavelić died on 28 December 1959, at the German hospital in Madrid. After Pavelić's death, his son-in-law Srečko Pšeničnik took over HOP. In 1960, he moved its operations from Buenos Aires to Toronto, Canada.

Another part of the HOP was established in Australia in 1963. The leaders of this group were Srećko Rover (from 1963 to 1967) and Stjepan Hefer (from 1967 to 1973). Many of this group's members were also members of the Australian Liberal Party. Some of them were said to have gone on military training exercises with the Australian Army Reserve, using the army's base at Wodonga in Victoria. Several members of the opposition Labor Party, including Justin O'Byrne, said that the HOP were using their status in the Liberal Party to hide many of these activities. When the Labour Party became the government in 1972, the Attorney-General gave the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation (ASIO) permission to spy on Srećko Rover and a few of the group's other members. This was because they thought they might be recruiting insurgents for an overseas war.

When Yugoslavia was dissolved in the early 1990s, this organization moved to Zagreb, Croatia, where it was officially registered as a political party in 1991.


List of National Football League stadiums

The following is a list of current National Football League stadiums, sorted by how many people it holds, their locations, their first year of usage and home teams.
As of the current 2021 season, two sets of teams share a stadium—the New York Giants and New York Jets with MetLife Stadium, and the Los Angeles Chargers and Los Angeles Rams with SoFi Stadium—meaning there are only 29 full-time NFL stadiums.

The Steelers share a stadium with Pitt (college team). 

The Miami Dolphins share a stadium with the Miami Hurricanes (college team).

The Las Vegas Raiders share a publicly owned stadium with UNLV (college team) as co-tenants.

The NFL uses several other stadiums on a regular basis in addition to the teams' designated regular home sites. The Jacksonville Jaguars currently have an agreement to play at least one regular-season home game per year at Wembley Stadium in London, England, as part of the NFL International Series through 2020. Another London venue, Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, is also a regular International Series host.
Fawcett Stadium in Canton, Ohio, is the location of the annual exhibition Pro Football Hall of Fame Game. 
The New York Giants and New York Jets' MetLife Stadium is the largest stadium in the NFL by its regular seating capacity. The Dallas Cowboys' AT&T Stadium can expand past that of MetLife Stadium by means of using standing-room and temporary seating, which makes AT&T Stadium currently the only NFL stadium capable of holding 100,000 or more spectators, though it normally only seats 80,000. With the opening of SoFi Stadium, the smallest NFL stadium is Soldier Field, home to the Chicago Bears.

Stadiums are listed by their seating capacity for NFL games. Some stadiums can be expanded to fit larger crowds for other events such as concerts or conventions.

Le Dieu Bleu

Le Dieu Bleu () is a ballet in one act. Jean Cocteau and Federico de Madrazo y Ochoa wrote the story of the ballet. Reynaldo Hahn wrote the music. Michel Fokine designed the dances, and Léon Bakst designed the sets and costumes. The ballet was first performed in Paris at the Théâtre du Châtelet on 13 May 1912. It was a failure. Critics thought Nijinsky the dancer for whom the ballet was designed did more posing than dancing. Producer Sergei Diaghilev blamed Hahn's music for the failure. "Le Dieu Bleu" was staged three times in Paris in 1912 and three times in London in 1913. The ballet has not been revived.

Ballet impresario and producer Sergei Diaghilev staged two exotic ballets for the Ballets Russes: "Cléopâtre" in 1909 and "Schéhérazade" in 1910. Both were great successes with the Parisian public. He hoped that "Le Dieu Bleu" (another exotic ballet) would be equally successful. 

"Dieu" was one of six new ballets for the 1911 Ballets Russes season. The others were "Narcisse", "La Peri", "Le Spectre de la Rose", "Sadko", and "Petrushka". Michel Fokine would design the dances for all of them. Léon Bakst would design the sets and costumes for the first four. When Fokine and Bakst started work on Ida Rubinstein's ballet "Le Martyre de Saint Sébastien", Diaghilev felt betrayed. He pushed "Dieu" forward to 1912. He lost interest in "Dieu", but spent huge amounts of money on the production. He hoped "Dieu" would make Nijinsky a great international star.

Fokine started work on "Dieu" in St Petersburg in the winter of 1911-1912. He based some of his ideas for the ballet on the dances of the Royal Siamese Court ballet. This company had danced in St Petersburg in 1900. Fokine also made a study of the arts of India. In the end though
, his dances for "Dieu" were dull. 

Hahn's music could have been the reason. It was not very good. Prince Lieven, a critic and historian of the Ballets Russes, said the music had no interest or importance. He said that it was "sweet and insipid". Bakst based his ideas for the sets and costumes on the printed materials for the Cambodian Ballet's 1906 performances in France.

The ballet was first presented by Diaghilev's Ballets Russes in Paris at the Théâtre du Châtelet on 13 May 1912. Another ballet, "Thamar", was also on the program. Both ballets were failures. Diaghilev was shocked by the failure of "Thamar". He thought it would be another success like "Schéhérazade". He was not surprised that "Dieu" was a failure. He privately blamed Hahn's music for its failure. The music was dull. He was forced to use it because Hahn had rich friends in Paris. They would have cut their support of the Ballets Russes if the music had been turned down.

The ballet was designed for Nijinsky. He had yet to dance an important part for the Ballets Russes. He was cast as The Blue God. Diaghilev hoped The Blue God would make the dancer an internationally famous star. Other dancers in the ballet were Max Frohman as The Young Man, Tamara Karsavina as The Young Girl, Lydia Nelidova as The Goddess, and Michel Federov as The High Priest. Nijinsky's sister Bronislava Nijinska was cast as The Drunken Temple Dancer.

The curtain rises on a warm evening in India a long time ago. In front of a temple of rock, a pool is seen with a lotus on the surface of the water. Snakes and other animals rest near the pool. The temple walls are covered with masses of flowering plants. People are waiting for a ceremony to take place. The Young Man is about to become a priest of the temple. The Young Girl runs in. She kneels at the feet of The Young Man. She does not want him to desert her for the life of a priest. She dances before him. The priests are shocked. They lead The Young Man out. They prepare The Young Girl for death. 

The gates are shut. The Young Girl tries to get out. Monsters rise from a place under a trap door. The Goddess rises from the lotus. The Blue God rises from the pool. He calms the monsters with his flute. The monsters are trapped by the masses of plants. The Blue God's work is done. The priests come in. They are surprised to see The Young Girl still living, and fall on their knees before her. The Young Man rejoins The Young Girl. The Goddess orders golden stairs to come down from the sky. The Blue God flies up the stairs and disappears into the clouds.

Diaghilev hoped that "Dieu" would be a great success. It was not. People thought Nijinsky's talent had been wasted. They said that he posed more than he danced. What people liked the most about the ballet was Bakst's sets and costumes. Valery Svetlov wrote in the "Mercure de France" on 15 May 1912 that "Dieu" was "a failure in every sense of the word." The ballet was presented three times in Paris in 1912 and three times in London in 1913. Bakst's costumes and set were revived for a week-long Diaghilev Festival directed and staged by Andris Liepa in London, April 2011, with new choreography by Wayne Eagling to music by Scriabin. The role of the Blue God was played by Nikolai Tsiskaridze. This production was also not well received.



Melissa

Melissa [ m"uh"-lis-"uh" ] is a name given for females. The name is Greek and it means "honey bee". It also refers to the plant lemon balm. Melissa is an exquisite name that has enjoyed popularity for centuries. It has a fascinating history and profound significance. The name Melissa originates from the Greek language and is derived from the word "melissa," which translates to honeybee. In Greek mythology, Melissa was a nymph who nurtured and looked after Zeus during his infancy. She nourished him with honey and concealed him from others. Zeus was immensely grateful to Melissa for her care and transformed her into a bee, hence the name Melissa became synonymous with bees and honey. The name "Melissa" was not popular in the US until around the 1950s; it was popular between the years 1960 and 1991. During the year 2010, fewer than 2,500 girls in the USA were given the name. Famous celebrities with this name include Melissa Joan Hart. This name was ranked #372 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Exuma

Exuma is a district of the Bahamas. It has over 360 islands. The largest of the cays is Great Exuma. It is joined to another island, Little Exuma by a small bridge. The capital and largest city in the district is George Town. The entire island chain is 130 mi (209 km) long and 27 sq. mi (72 km²) in area.

In 1783, American loyalists running from the Revolutionary War came to the island.

The islands are a popular spot for yachting, sailing, diving, and coral reef and cave exploring. Many of the unnamed beaches and coves of the islands are in the Exuma National Land and Sea Park.

Black Point, Bahamas

Black Point is one of the districts of the Bahamas.

Central Abaco

Central Abaco is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is in the Abaco Islands. The district has the largest town in the Abacos, Marsh Harbour. Some of the more notable settlements are listed below:


A La Costa Sud

A La Costa Sud (La Musique De La Côte D'Azur) is a compilation album imagined and produced by Italian musician and producer Pino Presti, published in May 2009 by Edizioni Musicali Curci.
The album consists of 3 CDs performed by 28 vocalists and / or instrumentalists who are from various continents and nations but who regularly perform in theaters, clubs and festivals in the French Riviera.

The album includes many different styles of music ranging from jazz to Latin music, world music, funk, pop, electro, Nu Jazz and R&B.

The broadcasting of the photographic video of "A La Costa Sud" has been made by Monte Carlo Producer Note and by Cannes France, the complete guide to Cannes, France, which broadcasted it also during Cannes Film Festival.



Central Andros

Central Andros is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on Andros Island. Central Andros has many blue holes.

Central Eleuthera

Central Eleuthera is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the island of Eleuthera.

Crooked Island, Bahamas

Crooked Island is an island and district of The Bahamas. The main town in the group is Colonel Hill on Crooked Island. The population of Crooked Island was 350 at the 2000 census. The typical language known on the Crooked Islands is called Bahamian English, which is a mix of Queen's diction, African influence, and island dialect.

It is believed that first Post Office in the Bahamas was at Pitt’s Town on Crooked Island.

East Grand Bahama

East Grand Bahama is a district of the Bahamas. It is on the eastern part of the island of Grand Bahama.

The local seat for the district is High Rock, a fairly small town. It is about 40 miles east of the City of Freeport.

Grand Cay

Grand Cay is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is in the Abaco Islands. Grand Cay is a small island south of Walker's Cay. Its about a mile long in length.

Abaco Islands

The Abaco Islands are in the northern Bahamas. The islands are Great Abaco and Little Abaco, together with the smaller Wood Cay, Elbow Cay, Lubbers Quarters Cay, Green Turtle Cay, Great Guana Cay, Castaway Cay, Man-o-War Cay, Stranger's Cay, Umbrella Cay, Walker's Cay, Little Grand Cay, and Moore's Island. The Abaco Islands make up five of the 31 Districts of the Bahamas: North Abaco, Central Abaco, South Abaco, Moore's Island, and Hope Town. Towns in the islands include Marsh Harbour, Hope Town, Treasure Cay, Coopers Town, and Cornishtown.

The islands are a noted base for sailing activities in the Bahamas, as well as resort tourism. The Abacos Islands in the Bahamas have four national parks: Pelican Cays Land & Sea Park, Abaco Wild Horse Preserve, Man-O-War Cay, and Great Guana Cay.

Marsh Harbour Airport and Treasure Cay Airport serve the islands.

Harbour Island, Bahamas

Harbour Island is an island and district in the Bahamas. It is off the northeast coast of Eleuthera Island. The only town on the island is Dunmore Town.

Harbour Island is famous for its pink sand beaches. These are found all along the east side of the island. Harbour Island is part of the Out Islands of the Bahamas. 

Eleuthera

Eleuthera, sometimes spelled Eleuthra, is an island in The Bahamas. It is east of Nassau. It is long and thin— long and in places little more than wide.

Harbour Island

Harbour Island or Harbor Island may be:

Harbor Island:

Harbour Island:

Hope Town

Hope Town is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the Abaco Islands and a small village on Elbow Cay. In Hope Town, neither cars nor golf carts are allowed in the main part of town. Only bicycles and walking are allowed. 

Hope Town has one of the last working kerosene-fueled lighthouses in the world. This lighthouse was built in 1862. It started working two years later.

Long Island, Bahamas

Long Island is an island in the Bahamas. Its capital is Clarence Town. Long Island is one of the Districts of the Bahamas. It is known as the most scenic island in the Bahamas. The population is about 3,000 people.

Long Island is about 130 kilometers long and 6 km wide at its widest point. Long Island is about 265 km southeast of the Bahamian capital of Nassau.

Long Island (disambiguation)

Long Island is an island of New York State. It may also be:

















Mangrove Cay

Mangrove Cay is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on Andros Island.

Moore's Island

Moore's Island is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the Abaco Islands.

Moore's Island is one of the little cays off the main land of Abaco. It is about long and wide. It is about from Abaco. It has two towns. Hard Bargain is the capital and the other town is the Bight.

North Abaco

North Abaco is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the Abaco Islands. Some of the more known towns in this district include:


North Andros

North Andros is one of the districts of The Bahamas. It is also the largest district in the country. It has some of the largest towns on Andros Island.

North Eleuthera

North Eleuthera is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the island of Eleuthera.

North Eleuthera Airport serves the area.

Rum Cay

Rum Cay is an island and district of the Bahamas. Rum Cay is 20 miles (32 km) southwest of San Salvador Island. Christopher Columbus called it Santa Maria de la Concepción. 

South Abaco

South Abaco is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the Abaco Islands.

South Andros

South Andros is a district of The Bahamas. South Andros is known for the production of fresh conch, land crab, and spiny lobster.

Managed services

Managed services is the practice of outsourcing day-to-day management work. It is a calculated way for improved operations inclusive of production support and life cycle build/maintenance activities. The business owner or administrator, who has direct oversight of the organization or system being managed, is referred to as the client, or customer. The person or organization that manages and provides the service is regarded as the service provider. It is an alternative to the break/fix or on-demand outsourcing model where the service provider performs on-demand services and bills the customer only for the work done.


Biscarrosse – Parentis Airport

Biscarrosse - Parentis Airport (ICAO code: LFBS) is located at Parentis-en-Born in Landes departement of Nouvelle-Aquitaine region at 3.5 km south-east of Biscarosse.

A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is located on the aerodrome.

Castelnaudary – Villeneuve Airport

Castelnaudary - Villeneuve Airport (ICAO code: LFMW) is located at Villeneuve-la-Comptal in Aude departement of Occitanie region at 2.5 km south-east of Castelnaudary.

A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is located on the aerodrome.

Peace of Paris (1814)

The Peace of Paris (1814) was a peace accord that ended the war between France and the Sixth Coalition (Austria, Prussia, Russia, the United Kingdom, Sweden, Spain and a number of German states). Napoleon was defeated and driven into exile on Elba. The peace restored the Burbons in France and defined most of the country's borders.

Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban Airport

Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban Airport (ICAO code: LFMX) is located at Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence departement of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region at 4 km south-west of Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban.

A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is located on the aerodrome.

Apollo 9

Apollo 9 was a mission in NASA's Apollo program. It was the third crewed mission in the Apollo program and was the first flight of the Command/Service Module (CSM) with the Lunar Module (LM). The crew was Commander James A. McDivitt, Command Module Pilot David R. Scott, and Lunar Module Pilot Russell L. Schweickart. The mission was launched on March 3, 1969. The mission tested several things which were important for landing on the Moon, including the LM engines, backpack life support systems, navigation systems, and docking maneuvers.

Carcassonne Airport

Carcassonne Airport () is an airport serving Carcassonne and the south of Occitanie. The airport is located on the western part of the city, from the city center, in the Aude department. It is also known as Salvaza Airport, Carcassonne Salvaza Airport or Carcassonne Airport in Pays Cathare (Aéroport de Carcassonne en Pays Cathare).
A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is also located at the airport.

Alpes–Isère Airport

Alpes–Isère Airport (formerly known as Grenoble-Isère Airport) , is an airport serving Grenoble. It is 2.5 km north-northwest of Saint-Étienne-de-Saint-Geoirs and 40 km northwest of Grenoble. Both are "communes" in the Isère, "département" of France. It is also known as Grenoble - Saint-Geoirs Airport. The name, Isere, refers to the department of Isère.

A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is also at the airport.

Saint-Yan Airport

Saint-Yan Airport () , also known as Charolais Bourgogne Sud Airport, is an airport in Saint-Yan, a "commune" of the Saône-et-Loire department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of France. A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is located on the airport.

Treaty of Paris (1259)

The Treaty of Paris was a treaty between Louis IX of France and Henry III of England, agreed to on December 4, 1259. It is also known as Treaty of Albeville. It was mainly about territories that England had obtained in 1180, in Normandy. Philip II of France had conquered many of these territories. England lost the Battle of Bouvines in 1214, and was weakened on the European mainland. Louis VII of France strengthened this position. The English were left with Gascony and Bordeaux. The treaty also gave the Channel Islands to England. Henry gave up control of Maine, Anjou and Poitou, which had been lost under the reign of King John but remained Duke of Aquitaine and was able to keep the lands of Gascony and parts of Aquitaine but only as a vassal to Louis.

In exchange, Louis withdrew his support for English rebels. He also ceded to Henry the bishoprics and cities of Limoges, Cahors and Périgueux and was to pay an annual rent for possession of Agenais.

Treaty of Paris (1303)

The Treaty of Paris was signed on May 20, 1303, between England and France. In the Treaty of Paris (1259), Gascony was given to England, as a fief. On all occasions when there was a change of monarch in France or England, the vassal England had to give praise to its lord, France. Edward I of England did this, in the years 1272 and 1285, and also reminded France that it had the same duties. 1294, the treaty was broken. Philip IV of France occupied Guyenne, in Gascony. The English king made it an Allodial title, and was prepared to go to war over it. Philip was only able to keep Guyenne until 1303. With the Treaty of Paris, Edward obtained Guyenne, as well as the cities of Bordeaux and Bayonne. Edward II of England gave allegiance to the French King, and married his daughter, Isabella.

Melun Villaroche Aerodrome

Melun Villaroche Aerodrome () is an aerodrome north of Melun. Melun is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.

The airport is east-southeast of Moissy-Cramayel and southeast of Paris. A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is also in the aerodrome.

Montpellier–Méditerranée Airport

Montpellier – Méditerranée Airport or "Aéroport de Montpellier - Méditerranée" , also known as Fréjorgues Airport, is an airport in southern France. It is 7 km east-southeast of Montpellier in Mauguio. The airport carries the 10th largest number of passengers in France (over 1.180 million in 2010). A campus of the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) is also located at the airport.

Otradnoye

Otradnoye (, 59°47'N 30°49'E) is a town in northwestern Russia near Saint Petersburg. Its population is about 23,900 (2011). The territory of Otradnoye is about 70 square kilometers.

South Eleuthera

South Eleuthera is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is on the island of Eleuthera.

Spanish Wells

Spanish Wells is one of the districts of the Bahamas. It is a small town on the island of St. George's Cay It is wide by long. About 1,500 people live here. Spanish Wells has a bridge to neighboring Russell Island. Spanish Wells is so small that many people get around the island using golf carts instead of full-sized cars. 

The area had a lot of property damage during a direct hit from Hurricane Andrew in 1992 and Floyd in 1999.

West Grand Bahama

West Grand Bahama is one of 31 districts of The Bahamas. The district covers the entire western part of Grand Bahama island. It does not include the city of Freeport, which is its own district. Communities within West Grand Bahama include the settlements of Mack Town, Hunters, Lewis Yard, Pinder's Point, Eight Mile Rock, Hepburn Town, Bartlett Hill, Hanna Hill, Pine Dale, Martin Town, Russell Town, Jones Town, Sea Grape, Holmes Rock, Bootle Bay and the westernmost settlement of West End. 

West Grand Bahama is divided into four town areas or townships. Each township has its own chairperson. They are:

Airexpo

Airexpo is a French airshow created in 1987. It is the third most important airshow of France. It is organized by the students of the universities "École nationale de l'aviation civile" and those of the "Institut supérieur de l'aéronautique et de l'espace". It is yearly organized and most of the time on the Muret - Lherm Aerodrome.

The aircraft are representative of the world of aviation, from the Supermarine Spitfire to the F-18 Super Hornet, through the little Robin DR400. Proof of its quality and originality, the airliners are also regularly represented with the participation of Airbus and ATR, with the Airbus A380 and A340-600 or the ATR 72-500.


Green Turtle Cay

Green Turtle Cay is an island in The Bahamas. It is in the "Abaco Out Islands". It is long and 1/2 mile wide. It was named after the many green turtles that live in the area. There are about 450 people. The main town is New Plymouth.

King Fahd Causeway

The King Fahd Causeway is a causeway joining Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. The idea to make the causeway was to improve the connections between Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. Surveying began in 1968. Construction began in 1981. In 1986 it was opened to the public.

In 2008 there was an average of 48,600 passengers per day.

Greater Kashmir

Greater Kashmir is an English-language newspaper published in Muzaffarabad, Azad Kashmir. The newspaper started as a weekly newspaper in 1977. Since 1978, it is published daily. It is among the most widely read English-language newspapers in the territory.

Qatar Bahrain Causeway

The Qatar Bahrain Causeway (also called the Qatar Bahrain Friendship Bridge) is a planned causeway between the two Arab states of Qatar and Bahrain. It was announced on 13 December 2008 that construction would start in early 2009. As of November 2010, construction had not started. On 27 April 2011, an announcement was made that building the causeway would start in 2011 for completion in 2015.

Flag of Bahrain

The national flag of Bahrain is a white band on the left, with a red area on the right split by five triangles.

Red is the traditional colour for flags of the Arab states of the Persian Gulf. The five points are for the five pillars of Islam.

It is very similar to the flag of Qatar, but that flag is darker, has more points, and is longer than the Flag of Bahrain.

The oldest known flags of Bahrain were plain red. In 1820, Bahrain made a treaty with the United Kingdom. A white stripe was added to show the truce. In 1932, a saw-like edge was added to make the flag of Bahrain different from its neighbours.

The flag first had twenty-eight white points. This was changed to eight in 1972. In 2002 the number was changed to five. This was so that each of the points could stand for one of the Five Pillars of Islam.

Coat of arms of Bahrain

The current coat of arms of Bahrain is a coat of arms that was originally designed in 1932 by Charles Belgrave, the British adviser to the then-Shaikh of Bahrain. The design has undergone slight modifications since then, namely in 1971 in 2002 when mantling and the indentations of the chief were modified respectively, but the influence of the original design is still clearly visible in the modern blazon.

The arms act as a governmental and national symbol in addition to being the personal arms of the king; only the king, however, may display the royal crown ensigning the coat of arms.

The General Maritime Treaty of 1820 gave Bahrain protected status (not as a protectorate of the United Kingdom). In 1932, the advisor to the Ruler, Charles Belgrave, designed a coat of arms for the Ruler, Isa ibn Ali Al Khalifa. The original heraldic achievement was red with a white chief dancetée of three ensigned by an heraldic "ancient crown" of eight points, with five being visible in renditions.
After the United Kingdom withdrew from Bahrain in 1971, red mantling with a white lining was added to the coat of arms as a symbol of the island nation's newly acquired independent sovereignty. The mantling is displayed around the shield without a helm or torse, in a manner unusual to traditional heraldic practice. The Princely coat of arms still displayed the Crown when used as the personal arms of Emir, though the Crown was modified to have smaller points displayed between the space of each point. The arms displayed with the mantling sans Crown became the arms of dominion for Bahrain.

The heraldic device has been most recently altered in 2002, when the emirate was declared a kingdom by Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa. The shield remains red, but the white chief dancetée now includes five indentations to represent the five pillars of the Muslim faith, rather than the three as was originally assumed in 1932.
The design on the shield is nearly identical to the design of the national flag, the only difference being that the whole of the design is rotated so that the chief of the shield appears as the hoist of the flag. The current coat of arms of Bahrain was made in 1932 by Charles Belgrave.


Bahrainona

"Baħrajnonâ" (, ; "Our Bahrain") is the national anthem of Bahrain. 
Several changes were made to this song by a national police band which was formerly led by Colonel Moħammed Ṣedqi Għajâẋ. The lyrics (words of the song) were written by Jusef Għaṭṭeja ar-Rimâwi. The melody comes from at least the 1940s, but its composer remains unknown. It was later rearranged by singer and composer ‘Aħmad al-Ġomajri.

Bahraini

Bahraini may be:

Constitutional monarchy

A constitutional monarchy is a form of monarchy. In a constitutional monarchy, a king or queen is the official head of state. However, their powers are limited by a constitution and they usually do not have much real power, as the legislative branch is the primary governing body. A constitutional monarchy is different than an absolute monarchy because in absolute monarchies, the monarch is able to rule with full power, and is able to change the laws freely.

Constitutional monarchy first emerged in England. At first, the British monarchy was absolute. However, the nobility under King John felt that the king had abused his power, and forced him to sign a document called the Magna Carta. This document limited the powers of the king and made him somewhat responsible for the wellbeing of his subjects. The document, however was more focused on maintaining the ability of the nobles to have a say in what the king did.

Contemporary constitutional monarchies include the United Kingdom and Commonwealth realms, Belgium, Bhutan, Bahrain, Cambodia, Denmark, Japan, Jordan, Kuwait, Liechtenstein, Lesotho, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Monaco, Morocco, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Eswatini, Sweden, and Thailand.

The following is a list of reigning monarchies. Except where noted, monarch selection is hereditary as directed by the state's constitution.

Teide National Park

Teide National Park is the most visited National Park in Spain and also one of the most visited National Parks in the world. 

Located in Tenerife (Canary Islands), it is centered around 3718m Mount Teide, the highest mountain of Spain and the islands of the Atlantic (it is the third largest volcano in the world from its base). It was declared a National Park on 22 January 1954, making it one of the oldest national parks in Spain. 

The park has an area of 18,990 hectares and was named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO on 28 June 2007. Since the end of 2007, it has also been one of the 12 Treasures of Spain. Midway up the mountain are the telescopes of the Observatorio del Teide. Territorially, it belongs to the municipality of La Orotava.

King of Bahrain

The King of Bahrain is the monarch and head of state of Bahrain. Between 1783 and 1971, the Bahraini monarch held the title of Hakim. From 1971 until 2002 the title was Emir. On 14 February 2002, the then-Emir of Bahrain, Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa, said Bahrain was a kingdom. He made himself the first king.

The Arabic title of the Hakim was "Hakim al-Bahrayn". The Hakim also held the honorific title of sheikh.

The Arabic title of the Emir was "Amir dawlat al-Bahrayn". The Emir also held the honorific title of sheikh.

The Arabic title of the King is "Malik al-Bahrayn". The King also holds the honorific title of sheikh.

Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa

Hamad bin Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa (born 28 January 1950) is the King of Bahrain. He became King on 14 February 2002. He was also "Emir" from 6 March 1999. He is the son of Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa, the previous "Emir". He was proclaimed Crown Prince on June 27, 1964.

Succession to the Bahraini throne

Succession to the Bahraini throne is done by primogeniture from the male descendants of Sheikh Isa bin Ali Al Khalifa (1848 – 1932). However, the ruling King of Bahrain can select any of his other sons as his successor if he wishes to. The current ruler of Bahrain is King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifah.

Line of succession:

After Sheikh Isa bin Muhammad Al Khalifa come firstly the descendants of Hakim Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa, and then last in line the descendants of Hakim Isa bin Ali Al Khalifa.

Synecdoche

Synecdoche is a figure of speech. It uses a part for the whole thing, or the whole for one of its parts. Examples:
These three examples, and most other cases, use the part for the whole. But an expression like "The West" might just mean the U.S.A. It depends on context.
The Government did not actually make the statement: a spokesperson did.

Synecdoche is a type of metonymy, because it refers to its target by using a related term. It is similar to metaphor in its use in prose.


Metonymy

Metonymy is a term for a figure of speech. Metonymy a thing or concept is indirectly named. It is not called by its own name, but by the name of something which is closely related or implicit in the context. 

One of the most common metonyms is the use of the capital city of a country to mean the government of that country, which is usually in the capital city. For example, mass media uses the word "Washington" to talk about the federal government and national politics of the United States, Other examples of metonyms often use place names to mean major industries which are based there. For example, the stock markets of the US are located on Wall Street in New York City, so "Wall Street" is used as a general word for the US economy. Here is a list of some well-known metonyms:



Salman, Crown Prince of Bahrain

Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa, Crown Prince of Bahrain (born 21 October 1969) is the heir apparent of the Kingdom of Bahrain. He is deputy supreme commander of the Bahrain Defense Force. Prince Salman is the oldest son of the current king of Bahrain, Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa and his first wife Queen Sabika bint Ibrahim Al Khalifa.

Salman went to high school at Bahrain School. He went to American University in Washington D.C. (1992). Then he got a MPhil degree from the University of Cambridge, England (1994).

On 11 November 2020, he became the Prime Minister of Bahrain following the death of Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa.

Prime Minister of Bahrain

In Bahrain, the Prime Minister is the head of government of the country. According to the Constitution of Bahrain, the Prime Minister is selected by the King. They do not need to be an elected member of the Council of Representatives.

Bahrain's current Prime Minister of Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa. Before him, the country had only one Prime Minister since the country's independence, Khalifah ibn Sulman al-Khalifah until his death in November 2020.

Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa

His Royal Highness Prince Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa (20 November 1935 – 11 November 2020) was a Bahraini royal and politician. He was the unelected 1st Prime Minister of Bahrain from 1971 until his death in 2020. He was the longest-serving prime minister in the world. 

Khalifa is the uncle of the King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa.

Khalifa died at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota on 11 November 2020, just two weeks before his 85th birthday.

National Assembly (Bahrain)

The National Assembly is the name of both chambers of the Bahraini parliament. This is in the Constitution of 2002.

It has 80 seats. There are 40 elected members of the Council of Representatives (the lower house). There are 40 royally-appointed members of the Consultative Council (the upper house).

It is chaired by the Speaker of the Consultative Council. If that person is gone the chair is the Speaker of the Council of Representatives.

Bahraini dinar

The dinar (sign: .د.ب or BD; code: BHD) is the currency of Bahrain. It is divided into 1000 fils. The name dinar is from the Roman denarius. The dinar was started to be used in 1965. Before Bahrain used the Gulf rupee.


Telephone numbers in Bahrain

Telephone numbers in Bahrain are usually eight digits long. Most of the fixed land line numbers start with 1. Cellular (Mobile) phone numbers and pager numbers start with 3* or 663* or 669* depending on the service provider. 

The country code is +973. There is no area code in Bahrain. The two digit numbers after the land line prefixes are for different cities or regions in Bahrain.

Batelco is the main service provider for land lines. Mobile users commonly subscribe to Batelco, Zain or Viva.

Dilmun

Dilmun is a land mentioned by Mesopotamian civilizations. It was a trade partner, a source of the metal copper, and an entrepôt of the Mesopotamia-to-Indus Valley Civilization trade route. Although the exact location of Dilmun is not known, it was most likely located in the islands of Bahrain and Failaka island, Kuwait. Dilmun had a presence in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Oman and nearby Iranian coast in the Persian Gulf. Gilgamesh had to pass through Mount Mashu to reach Dilmun in the Epic of Gilgamesh.

Dilmun appears first in Sumerian cuneiform clay tablets from the end of fourth millennium BC.

Tylos

Bahrain was referred to by the Greeks as Tylos. It was the centre of pearl trading, when "Nearchus" came to discover it serving under Alexander the Great. From the 6th to 3rd century BC Bahrain was in the Persian Empire. The Greek historian, Theophrastus, states that much of the islands were covered in cotton trees. Tylos was famous for selling walking canes that were carried in Babylon.

It is not known whether Bahrain was part of the Seleucid Empire. Alexander planned to settle the eastern shores of the Persian Gulf with Greek colonists. The upper classes spoke Greek. Tylos became a site of Greek athletic contests.

With the lessening of Greek power, Tylos was added into Characene or Mesenian. From the third century BC to the arrival of Islam in the seventh AD, Bahrain was controlled by two other Iranian dynasties of Parthians and Sassanids.

Awal

Awal is the old name of Bahrain, an island country in the Persian Gulf. The name "Awal" was used for eight centuries. Awal is from the name of a god that was worshiped by people of the islands before Islam. Awal looked like the head of an ox. The god Awal is very similar to the god Nandi of the Hindus. 

23rd century BC

The 23rd century BC is a century which was from the year 2300 BC to 2201 BC.



24th century BC

The 24th century BC is a century which was from the year 2400 BC to 2301 BC.





In modern South Korean national mythology, the character Dangun founded the state Gojoseon in 2333 BC. Danjun ruled it for about 2000 years. 

22nd century BC

The 22nd century BC is a century which was from the year 2200 BC to 2101 BC.



29th century BC

The 29th century BC is a century which was from the year 2900 BC to 2801 BC.


Pacific Northwest tree octopus

The Pacific Northwest Tree Octopus is a real animal created in 1998 by Lyle Zapato. Zapato's website says the tree octopus is real, and that it lives on both land and water. Zapato created this website about the fake tree octopus to show how important it is to think carefully about whether things on the Internet are true or not.

The original website that described the fake species is commonly used as an example in internet literacy classes to teach students to check more carefully if sources of information are reliable.

The text included other hoax species and organizations, mixed with links to pages about "real" species and organizations. Despite the falsehoods shown on the site, all 25 seventh-grade students involved in one well-publicized test believed the content. All but one of the 25 rated the site as "very credible".


26th century BC

The 26th century BC is a century which was from the year 2600 BC to 2501 BC.





Xenon difluoride

Xenon difluoride is a chemical compound with the formula XeF. This noble gas compound can be used as a good fluorinating agent. Xenon difluoride is the most stable compound of all xenon compounds.

The compound shows a trigonal bipyramidal pseudostructure or a linear real structure in VSEPR theory.

Xenon difluoride is solid in state of matter. It is achromatic (without color) and in crystal form. Under high pressure and temperature, the compound can be produced from xenon and fluorine directly.

Xenon difluoride is used in organic syntheses as fluorinating agent.

Xenon difluoride can be destroyed by heating. It then results in the pure substances fluorine and xenon. This reactions happens explosively, even though that the enthalpy of reaction is negative (formula_2). That is because the reaction changes the state of matter from solid to gas. The gas needs more space in room.


200

Year 200 (CC) was a leap year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. 










496 BC

Year 496 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 






253

Year 253 (CCLIII) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 




Viktor Troicki

Viktor Troicki (pronounced , , , ; born 10 February 1986 in Belgrade) is a Serbian professional tennis player. Viktor became pro in 2006. He was born in Belgrade, Serbia. Viktor play tennis right hand, two hand backhand.


242

Year 242 (CCXLII) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 






Janko Tipsarević

Janko Tipsarević (born June 22, 1984) is a Serbian professional tennis player. Janko became pro in 2002. He was born in Belgrade, Serbia. Janko plays tennis right handed. He has a two-handed backhand. 



Plausible Prejudices: Essays on American Writing

Plausible Prejudices: Essays on American Writing is a book of essays about writing. The author is Joseph Epstein. 

"Kirkus Reviews" and "Los Angeles Times" wrote about the book. The "Chicago Tribune" also had good things to say about the book. It said that Epstein's essays of literary criticism are his most interesting works and that they were definitely worth preserving together in a collection.

Stranger with My Face

Stranger with My Face is a fiction book. The author is Lois Duncan. It won an award called ALA Best Book for Young Adults.


Delhi Capitals

The Delhi Daredevils are a team in the Indian Premier League. In 2012 they qualified for the playoffs.

406 BC

Year 406 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 





240

Year 240 (CCXL) was a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar.






276

Year 276 (CCLXXVI) was a leap year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 






173

Year 173 (CLXXIII) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. 



175

Year 175 (CLXXV) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 






127

Year 127 (CXXVII) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.






203

Year 203 (CCIII) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 






Euclid's lemma

Euclid's lemma, also called Euclid's division lemma or Euclid's first theorem, is an important lemma. It was made by the mathematician Euclid.

He basically proposed that for any two integers (let us call them 'a' and 'b') there exists 2 unique integers (Let us call them ' q ' and ' r ') that satisfies the equation, a = qb + r, where r<a.

In the equation, the variable 'b' is dividing the variable 'a'. This makes 'b' the divisor and 'a' as the dividend
'q' is the quotient and 'r' is the remainder

The equation thus means that a dividend is equal to its divisor multiplied with its quotient and added with its remainder.

Thiruvalluvar

Thiruvalluvar was a Tamil poet and philosopher who wrote the classic of couplets of Tamil, "Thirukkural".



Tephritidae

The Tephritidae are one of two fly families known as fruit flies. The other family is the Drosophilidae. 

There are nearly 5,000 species of tephritid fruit fly in almost 500 genera of the Tephritidae. Description and genetic analyses are constantly changing the taxonomy of this family. To distinguish them from the Drosophilidae, the Tephritidae are sometimes called 'peacock flies'.

Family tree of Japanese monarchs

This is a family tree of the Emperors of Japan ("tenno") from Jimmu to the present day. 

The legendary genealogy of the emperors includes Shinto deities.

The traditional order of succession begins with Emperor Jimmu.

In the graphic chart, the names of Jimmu and his successors are highlighted in yellow. The ordinal numbers of the Japanese monarchs are in red; and these are also highlighted in yellow.

The pretenders of the Nanboku-chō period are highlighted in beige.



Magnetic monopole

A magnetic monopole is a hypothetical particle in particle physics that is a magnet with only one magnetic pole (a north pole without a south pole or the other way around). Scientists are interested in this, as they are predicted in several particle theories, such as grand unified and superstring. Magnetism in normal bar magnets and electromagnets does not come from magnetic monopoles. There is not enough evidence to even be sure that magnetic monopoles exist in this universe.

Frank Bruno

Franklin Roy Bruno MBE (born 16 November 1961) is a British boxer-turned actor. His parents were from the Caribbean. He was born in Hammersmith, west London and grew up in Wandsworth, south London. He won the WBC heavyweight championship in 1995.

Bruno has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.


Carina nebula

The Carina nebula (NGC 3372 or the Great Nebula in Carina, the Eta Carina nebula) is a large, bright nebula. It is around 7,500 light years from Earth and has over 14,000 stars. It appears in the constellation of Carina in the Carina–Sagittarius Arm of the Milky Way. The Carina nebula was discovered by Nicolas Louis de Lacaille in 1751 from the Cape of Good Hope. The French astronomer had made an astronomical expedition to record objects in the southern sky.

From the description in WP Commons:

’O sole mio

"" is a famous Naples song written in 1898. The lyrics were written by Giovanni Capurro and the music was composed by Eduardo di Capua.

It has been performed and covered by many artists as Enrico Caruso, Beniamino Gigli, Mario Lanza and The Three Tenors. It has also been performed by rock/pop artists such as Dalida, Anna Oxa, Bryan Adams, Me First, SF9, Vitas Al Bano, Elvis Presley ("It's Now or Never"). Luciano Pavarotti won the 1980 Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Performance for his rendition of "’O Sole Mio."

Gian Carlo Menotti

Gian Carlo Menotti (, ; July 7, 1911 – February 1, 2007) was an Italian-American composer and librettist. Although he often referred to himself as an American composer, he kept his Italian citizenship.

He is well-known for his 1951 one-act opera, "Amahl and the Night Visitors". It was commissioned by NBC for broadcast on television. Menotti wrote the music and the words.

260

Year 260 (CCLX) was a leap year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 







284

Year 284 (CCLXXXIV) was a leap year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. 





188

Year 188 (CLXXXVIII) was a leap year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 




480 BC

Year 480 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 








495 BC

Year 495 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 



Arquette

Arquette is a surname. People with this name include an American family, many of whom are actors:


David Arquette

David James Arquette (born September 8, 1971) is an American actor, movie director, and producer. He was born in Winchester, Virginia to actor Lewis Arquette (1935-2001) and poet Mardi (née Nowak, died 1997). He is best known for his role as Deputy Sheriff Dewey Riley in the "Scream" movies. 

Arquette played a wrestling fan in the movie "Ready to Rumble". To market this movie, WCW hired Arquette to appear on their TV show and win their world title. Arquette argued he should not win the belt because he is not a real wrestler but WCW talked him into it. The attention received was only negative and the backlash eventually caused WCW to go out of business. The movie was also a critical disaster that ruined the careers of some of the actors in it, like Oliver Platt.

Because Arquette is also a wrestling fan in real life, he regretted making a mockery of wrestling and donated the money he made from WCW to families of dead wrestlers Owen Hart and Brian Pillman and also to Darren Drozdov, who was paralyzed in a wrestling match.

Arquette was a contestant on the 13th season of "Dancing with the Stars" in fall 2011.

320

Year 320 (CCCXX) was a leap year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. 








274

Year 274 (CCLXXIV) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. 







President of Ecuador

The President of Ecuador () is the chief of state and the head of government in the country. Under the current Constitution (adopted in 2008), the President is elected by popular (by many people) vote, for a period of four years. They can serve two terms (periods of four years). Before 2008, people could be the president for only one term.

The President of Ecuador right now is Daniel Noboa since November 23, 2023. He was elected as the president on October 15, 2023.

324

324 (CCCXXIV) was a leap year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. 





339

Year 339 (CCCXXXIX) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 





Opéra de Monte-Carlo

The Opéra de Monte-Carlo (Salle Garnier) is an opera house in Monaco. It was built in the 1870s by Prince Charles III of Monaco and the Société des bains de mer de Monaco. Building was directed by the architect Charles Garnier, who also designed the Palais Garnier in Paris. The Monaco Opera House similar to the Paris Opera House. It seats 524 people. It is in the Belle Époque style. It was opened on 25 January 1879. The house was renovated between 2004 and 2005.


238

Year 238 (CCXXXVIII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 





209

209 (CCIX) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 





205

Year 205 (CCV) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. 




197

Year 197 (CXCVII) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 






218

Year 218 (CCXVIII) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. 




239

Year 239 (CCXXXIX) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.




311

Year 311 (CCCXI) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 





241

Year 241 (CCXLI) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.






243

Year 243 (CCXLIII) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 




313

Year 313 (CCCXIII) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar.







217

217 (CCXVII) was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar. 





470 BC

Year 470 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 






411 BC

Year 411 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 





405 BC

Year 405 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 






473 BC

Year 473 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 




350

Year 350 (CCCL) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 






372

Year 372 (CCCLXXII) was a leap year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.








376

Year 376 (CCCLXXVI) was a leap year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.





385

385 was a common year starting on Wednesday.




294

Year 294 (CCXCIV) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.





334

Year 334 (CCCXXXIV) was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.





333

Year 333 (CCCXXXIII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 





231

231 (CCXXXI) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar.






226

Year 226 (CCXXVI) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 



384

384 was a leap year starting on Monday.




266

Year 266 (CCLXVI) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.




277

Year 277 (CCLXXVII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 





349

Year 349 (CCCXLIX) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 




291

Year 291 (CCXCI) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. 





254

Year 254 (CCLIV) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 




271

Year 271 (CCLXXI) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar. 







283

Year 283 (CCLXXXIII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. 





270

Year 270 (CCLXX) was a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. 





264

264 (CCLXIV) was a leap year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. 



150

Year 150 (CL) was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar.








165

Year 165 (CLXV) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.





Google Play

Google Play (also known as Play store) is a platform by Google. It is a online store for music, books, movies and a few million Android applications. Google formed it in March 2012 by merging four different stores:


Google Play also sold Google hardware devices, until 2015 when Google started a new Google Store for that.

Ragged Island

Ragged Island is a small island and district in the southern Bahamas. The island was badly damaged by Hurricane Donna. In 2000 there were just 72 people.

The Open Door Tour

The Open Door Tour is the second worldwide tour by American alternative metal band Evanescence. Supporting the bands' second album, "The Open Door", the tour began October 5, 2006, in Toronto, Canada and lasted for a little over a year. During the tour, the band performed at several popular music festivals, including Download and PinkPop festivals and Z100's Jingle Ball. The setlist included songs from The Open Door and the bands debut album, Fallen.

For the first leg of the tour, the band toured locations in North America in October and traveled to Europe in November to play a number of shows before returning to the U.S. in December to perform in large arenas. The band later continued this leg of the tour in January 2007 in Montreal, Canada, playing in locations in Canada before heading to Japan and Australia.

The second leg of the tour began on March 16, kicking off in Fresno, California. The tour ran through the U.S., South America, South Africa and Europe, closing their European tour with a sell-out concert at the Amphi in Ra'anana, Israel, on June 26, 2007. On May 4, 2007, guitarist John LeCompt was fired and drummer Rocky Grey quit. They were replaced by Troy McLawhorn and Will Hunt from the band Dark New Day.

Evanescence later co-headlined The Family Values Tour alongside Korn from July 27 until September 2, 2007. Afterwards, the band left on their Winter tour on October 23, playing shows in the U.S. and Mexico, before concluding the album's tour on December 8, 2007 in Kingston, Rhode Island. It was initially stated that McLawhorn and Hunt would tour with Evanescence till the end of the Family Values Tour in September, but continued to play with the band through The Open Door tour.




Chelsea (name)

The name Chelsea is a given name used for females. It is pronounced CHELL-see. The name Candice has roots in Latin. It is derived from the Latin word "candidus," which means "bright" or "shining." Artemis, the Greek goddess of the moon, is also associated with the name as she was known for her beauty and radiance.

There are many famous people named Chelsea, including Chelsea Clinton (the daughter of former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton). The name was used most in 1992, when it was at #15 in the United States on the USA Social Security Administration baby naming chart.

The name might come from the Old English language and mean "chalk landing place".

There is also an English football club called Chelsea. Chelsea Football Club is an English football club that plays in the Premier League. Their home stadium is Stamford Bridge in Fulham, London.



Stairlift

A stairlift or stair lift is a mechanical device that carries people up and down stairs in a chair. Stairlifts are often used by people who are handicapped or cannot walk up the stairs.

Stairlifts travel on rails that are bolted to the staircase, not the wall. Most stairlifts have a battery-powered motor. The battery allows the user to ride the lift even if the power goes out.

Straight Rail Stair Lifts - A straight rail stair lift is the most common type. It is designed for straight stairs and can be installed quickly. With a straight rail stair lift, the rail is attached to the treads of the stairs by legs that are spaced approximately a foot (30 cm) apart.

Curved Rail Stair Lifts - A curved rail stair lift follow the unique curvature of a staircase. This means the planning and installation process is slower and more expensive since it is customized and the rail may have to be longer.

Platform Stair Lifts - Wheelchair or platform stair lifts has the standard seat but is big enough to carry a wheelchair. These stair lifts may also need more power than traditional curved or straight rail stair lifts. They are therefore most common in commercial buildings, hospitals, and assisted living facilities and nursing homes.

Teatro Regio (Turin)

The Teatro Regio ('Royal Theatre') is a well-known opera house and opera company in Turin, Italy.

Operas had been performed in various buildings in Turin during the 17th century but it was not until 1713 that a proper opera house was planned. It was not built and finished until 1740. It was a beautiful opera house with 1,500 seats and with 139 boxes.

In 1792 it was closed and became a warehouse. With the French occupation of Turin during the Napoleonic War the theatre was renamed the "Teatro Nazionale" and finally, after Napoleon became emperor, renamed again as the "Teatro Imperiale". When Napoleon's lost power in 1814 it got its original name back: the "Regio".

Other theatres were built and gave seasons of opera in Turin. Among them was the restored "Teatro Carignano" in 1824. It was taken over by the municipality in 1932 and, after the destruction by fire of the "Teatro Regio" in 1936, the Carignano was the main opera house in the city until the "Regio" reopened in 1973.

The Regio was rebuilt in 1905 but the theatre closed during the First World War and re-opened in 1919. Until February 1936, seasons of opera were presented until fire then destroyed everything except the front of the building. It remained closed for thirty-seven years. Arturo Toscanini was the conductor of the Turin Opera from 1895 to 1898, during which time several production of works of Wagner were given their first Italian performances.

The opera house was rebuilt an opened in 10 April 1973 with a production of Verdi's "I Vespri Siciliani" directed by Maria Callas and Giuseppe Di Stefano.

The new house, which uses the original frontage, seats 1,750 and is elliptical in shape with a large orchestra level and 37 boxes. An acoustic shell was added to improve its sound. Many operas are performed there, including modern operas.



Al-Ahsa

Al-Ahsa (or Al-Hasa) may refer to:


Al-Ahsa Oasis

Al-Ahsa, sometimes Al-Hasa, El Hasa, or Hadjar is a traditional oasis region in eastern Saudi Arabia. The oasis is about 60 km inland from the Persian Gulf.

Al-Ahsa is part of the region known historically as Al-Bahrayn. It includes the eastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula down to the borders of Oman. It also includes the island of Awal (modern-day Bahrain).
Al-Hasa has one of the largest numbers of Shia Muslims in mostly Sunni Saudi Arabia.

With an area of around , Al-Ahsa Oasis is the largest oasis in the world. There are more than 2.5 million palm trees including date palms in the oasis, which is fed from a huge underground aquifer and irrigated by the flow of more than 280 artesian springs, which allows agriculture all year round in a region that is otherwise sand desert.


Qatif

Qatif or Al-Qatif is a governorate and urban area in Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia. It goes from Ras Tanura and Jubail in the north to Dammam in the south. It is from the Persian Gulf in the east to King Fahd International Airport in the west. 

Qatif is one of the oldest towns in the eastern side of the Arabian peninsula. Its history goes back to 3500 BC. Qatifi people used to work as merchants, farmers, and fishers. Now most of Qatifi's people are working in oil, industry, public services, education and health care sectors.

House of Khalifa

The Al Khalifa family is the ruling royal family of Bahrain. The Al Khalifa are Sunni Islam. They belong to the Anizah tribe that came from Najd to Kuwait in the early 18th century. They are also from the Utub tribe. The current head of the family is Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa. He became the Emir of Bahrain in 1999 and made himself King of Bahrain in 2002.

As of 2010, about half of the cabinet ministers of Bahrain are from the Al Khalifa royal family. The country's Prime Minister, Khalifah bin Salman al-Khalifah, is also from the Al Khalifa family and is the uncle of the current King.

Public offices in Bahrain that Al Khalifa family members have:


Islamic Consultative Assembly

The National Consultative Assembly of Iran, also called The Iranian Parliament or People's House, is the national legislative body of Iran. The Parliament has 290 representatives. There were 272 seats since the 18 February 2000 election. The election took place on 2 March 2012. The new parliament will be opened on 27 May 2012. 

The first national assembly, the "Majlis", was formed in 1906, after the 1905-1906 revolution. The Majlis wrote a constitution for the Persian empire. 
The first Majlis had 156 delegates. Tehran had 60 of the 156 seats. Major provinces like Azerbaijan had 12 delegates. Smaller provinces like Gilan and Tavala had 6 delegates each. 

In 1941, Britain and Russia invaded Persia to put the Germans out. This happened during the 13th Majlis. Mohamed Reza Shah was the constitutional monarch from 1941-1953. From 1953 until the revolution of 1979, Shah was the absolute ruler. Elections for the 14th Majlis were in 1943. In 1950, a special assembly met to create a new upper house, or senate, with half of the members appointed by Shah. The assembly also gave Shah the power to dissolve the national assembly. The 21st Majlis was elected in September 1963.

After the revolution, Iran changed the name of the parliament from the National Assembly to the Islamic Assembly. 

Dates of elections: 


Charles Belgrave

Charles Dalrymple Belgrave (1894–1969) was a British citizen. He was an advisor to the rulers of Bahrain from 1926 until 1957. He first was under Shaikh Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa. The he was under Shaikh Salman ibn Hamad Al-Khalifa.

During the war he was with the Imperial Camel Corps. He spent two years in Siwa Oasis. He got better at his Arabic at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London. He came to Bahrain in March 1926. He stayed there until 1957.

The biggest long-term benefit to the country has said to be the making of schools for girls by his wife Marjorie Belgrave. 


Abdul Amir al-Jamri

Sheikh Abdul Amir al-Jamri (1937-December 18, 2006) was the 'spiritual leader' of Bahrain's Twelver Shi'a population and the 1990s Intifada. He is the father of Mansoor Al-Jamri, editor-in-chief of the Al Wasat daily newspaper.

Al-Jamri was born in the village of Bani Jamra, Bahrain, in 1937. In 1962 he went to school at the Najaf Religious Institute in Iraq. In 1973 al-Jamri became a member of Bahrain's parliament, the National Assembly of Bahrain.

Beginning in 1977, al-Jamri was a judge at the High Religious Court of Bahrain. In 1992, al-Jamri joined with Islamists, liberals and leftists to ask the ruler of Bahrain to make a new parliament. In 1994, he asked again.

On April 1, 1995, al-Jamri was placed under house arrest for two weeks. He then went to jail. He was let go on September 25, 1995. On January 21, 1996 he went to jail again. On July 7, 1999 al-Jamri was given 10 years imprisonment and fined $15 million. He was let go a day later and placed under house arrest until January 23, 2001. Less than one month later he called on the people to support the reforms of the King of Bahrain, Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifah. 

In June 2002, al-Jamri suffered a stroke. He died at home on December 18, 2006.

Sheikh

Sheikh — also spelled Sheik or Shaikh or Shekh — is an honorific in the Arabic language. It means "elder" and often means "leader and/or governor". It is commonly used for the front man of a tribe. He can be an Islamic scholar who got this title after graduating from a basic Islamic school. Sheikha is the female term. These are uncommon in the Arabic world. A sheikh who is wise is called "ḥakīm" and can rule.

The word is also generally used for a man over forty or fifty years of age.

In Bangladesh, India and Pakistan, "Sheikh" is a common surname among Muslims. It generally means there is Arab ancestry.

Abdulhadi al-Khawaja

Abdulhadi Abdulla Hubail Alkhawaja is a Bahraini-Danish human rights activists. He is now in prison in Bahrain after the Bahraini uprising. He is the former president and co-founder of the Bahrain Centre for Human Rights (BCHR). This is a nonprofit non-governmental group which works to promote human rights in Bahrain.

On 9 April 2011, Al Khawaja was arrested. Al Khawaja was given life imprisonment on 22 June 2011. On 8 February 2012, he started a hunger strike until "freedom or death".

Hasan Mushaima

Hasan Mushaima is an opposition leader in Bahrain. He is the secretary-general of the Haq Movement. He wants more democratic rights in Bahrain. He was a starting member of Al Wefaq. He was in the 1994 uprising in Bahrain.

The Bahraini government arrested Mushaima many times.

In 2010 Mushaima traveled to Great Britain to be treated for lung cancer.

Mushaima said he was going to return to Bahrain during the protests in February 2011. He was kept in Lebanon. Mushaima finally did return to Bahrain on Saturday, February 26, 2011.

On 22 June 2011, Mushaima was given life imprisonment by a military court for "attempting to overthrow the monarchy".


Governorate

The governorate is the administrative division of the country. It is headed by governor / Caliph. English-speaking nations name regions that have governors either states, provinces or colonies

The word governorate is widely used in Arab countries.


Governorates of Jordan

Jordan is divided into 12 governorates. In 1994, four new governorates were created: Jerash, Ajloun, Madaba and Aqaba.

The governorates of Jordan are in one of three regions: the North Region, Central Region and the South Region. The regions are mainly distributed by the distance between the cities.



Governorates of Kuwait

The State of Kuwait is divided into 6 governorates ("muhafazah"). The governorates are then divided into areas. The governorates were first created in 1962, although several newer ones were created many years later.


Governorates of the Palestinian National Authority

The Governorates of Palestine (Arabic: محافظات فلسطين) are the administrative divisions of the country of Palestine. The West Bank and Gaza comprise of 16 governorates. They are under the administration of the Palestinian National Authority.

Governorates of Saudi Arabia

Governorates are the second level of regional administration within Saudi Arabia. Each of Saudi Arabia's 13 emirates is divided into governorates. Governorates are then divided into sub-governorates. Governorates in Saudi Arabia can be either "Category A" or "Category B", depending on how many people live there. The number of Governorates in Saudi Arabia is 118. 119 if you include the special municipality of Al-Udayd.

Capital Governorate, Bahrain

The Capital Governorate is one of the five governorates of Bahrain. It includes parts of the municipalities of Al Manamah, Ras Roman and Jidd Haffs. 

Central Governorate

The Central Governorate was one of the five governorates of Bahrain until 23 September 2014. It includes parts of the former municipalities of Al Mintaqah al Wusta, Ar Rifa' wa al Mintaqah al Janubiyah, Madinat 'Isa, Sitrah and A'ali.

Northern Governorate

The Northern Governorate is one of the five governorates of Bahrain. It includes parts of the former municipalities of Al Mintaqah al Gharbiyah, Al Mintaqah al Wusta, Al Mintaqah al Shamaliyah, Jidd Haffs and Madinat Hamad.


Southern Governorate

The Southern Governorate is the largest of the five governorates of Bahrain. It includes parts of Bahrain's old municipalities - Al Mintaqah al Gharbiyah, Ar Rifa' wa al Mintaqah al Janubiyah, and Juzur Hawar (the Hawar Islands). It has the least number of people of the regions on Bahrain. It is the least economically productive.

Arabian Gulf

Arabian Gulf may be:


Not to be confused with:

Mountain of Smoke

The Mountain of Smoke is a hill in the Southern Governorate of Bahrain. At above mean sea level, it is the country's highest point. 

The Mountain of Smoke is named because of the haze which often surrounds it on humid days. A number of caves are around the mountain.

Territorial waters

Territorial waters or a territorial sea is a belt of coastal waters that goes at most from the edge of a coastal state. The territorial sea is the land of the state underwater. Foreign ships and submarines are only allowed to sail in territorial waters, when the state gives its permission. Ownership also extends to the airspace above and the seabed below, which is also the same length.

The term "territorial waters" is also sometimes used to mean any area of water, a state has jurisdiction. This includes internal waters, the contiguous zone, the exclusive economic zone and potentially the continental shelf.

Unlike territorial waters, in an exclusive economic zone, foreign ships and submarines from other countries can freely sail without any permission. However, this is under the condition that they are just passing by and not taking any resources, which is only reserved to the state who owns it.

The contiguous zone is a band of water that goes from the outer edge of the territorial sea to up to from the baseline.

Tanker

Tanker may be:



Refinery

A refinery is a production place that breaks down certain materials and makes raw material into products of value.

Different types of refineries are as follows:


Master of Business Administration

Master of Business Administration (often shortened to MBA) is a postgraduate academic degree. People who study for an MBA already have a degree in another field of study and study management. Very often, a master's degree is required, but sometimes bachelor's degree-holders with work experience are also accepted. Unlike other areas of study, MBA courses are often targeted at people who work, and can be done in a part-time fashion, including distance learning. MBA programs usually take two years, full-time. The main target group for MBAs are engineers, lawyers, doctors of medicine, and other with a background form the humanities. The idea of the MBA is to give those people qualifications in management positions.

The MBA is a terminal degree and a professional degree.

Australian Greens

The Australian Greens is a green political party in Australia founded in 1992. They are the third-biggest political party in Australia, based on how many votes they got in the 2019 federal election. The leader of the party right now is Adam Bandt. Nine members of the Senate and one member of the House of Representatives are a part of the Greens.

Bob Brown lead the party in federal parliament from 2005 to 2012. In 2010 Adam Bandt was elected to the seat of Melbourne and became one of several crossbenchers providing support to the Gillard Labor minority government.

The Greens also discuss other issues than the environment, such as equality, human rights, peace and non-violence.


Grande école

Grandes écoles are specialized universities in France. Each grande école only teaches a very limited number of subjects. Unlike the other universities in France, the grandes écoles can pick the students they admit. These students have to follow special courses and tests before they are admitted. The grandes écoles award degrees that correspond to a master's degree; they do not award bachelor's degrees. There is no exhaustive list, but in general, there are the following types of grandes écoles, along with some of the representative schools in each category:

Kerrang! Awards

The Kerrang! Awards are the United Kingdom's annual music awards run by the music magazine "Kerrang!". Since they began in 1993, the Kerrang! Awards have become one of Britain's biggest and most advertised music awards.



Beginnings (Ambrose Slade album)

Beginnings is a 1969 rock album by English band Slade, under their earlier name Ambrose Slade. It was the band's first studio album, which failed to chart. In America, the album was titled "Ballzy" and featured new artwork.

The album featured the instrumental single "Genesis".


Play It Loud

Play It Loud is a 1970 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's second studio album, released before their fame and therefore failing to chart. In Canada, the album was released in 1973 where it charted at #40.

The album featured the two singles "Shape of Things to Come" and "Know Who You Are" which did not chart.



Slayed?

Slayed? is a 1972 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's third studio album, released as the first since their rise to fame. A successful album, it went to number one in the UK.

The album featured the two singles "Mama Weer All Crazee Now" and "Gudbuy T'Jane".


Sladest

Sladest is a 1973 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's first UK compilation, mixing all the band's hit singles with some songs from before the band's fame. A successful album, it went to number one in the UK.


Old New Borrowed and Blue

Old New Borrowed and Blue is a 1974 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's fourth studio album. In America, the album was titled "Stomp Your Hands, Clap Your Feet". A successful album, it went to number one in the UK.

The album featured the singles "My Friend Stan" and "Everyday".


Slade Alive!

Slade Alive! is a 1972 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's first live album. A successful album, it went to number two in the UK.


Slade in Flame (album)

Slade in Flame is a 1974 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's fifth studio album. The album was a soundtrack to the band's own 1975 film "Slade in Flame". A successful album, it went to number six in the UK.

The album featured the singles "Far Far Away" and "How Does It Feel?".

There were "Bangin' Man" instead of "Summer Song (Wishing You Were Here)" and "Thanks For The Memories" instead of "Heaven Knows" on US version.


Nobody's Fools

Nobody's Fools is a 1976 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's sixth studio album. A year before, the band had moved to America to try and gain success in the country, causing the band to lose popularity in the UK and Europe. The album showed the band's declining popularity by peaking at #14 in the UK.

The album featured the singles "In For A Penny", "Let's Call It Quits" and "Nobody's Fool".


Whatever Happened to Slade

Whatever Happened to Slade is a 1977 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's seventh studio album. After the band had tried to find success in America, the band were no longer popular in the UK or Europe. The album failed to chart in the UK, due to the new interest in Punk music.

The album featured the single "Gypsy Roadhog".



Return to Base

Return to Base is a 1979 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's eighth studio album. Continuing the band's period of low popularity, the band were no longer able to get hit singles or albums. The album was released to failure, where it failed to chart.

The album featured the singles "Ginny, Ginny" and "Sign of the Times".



We'll Bring the House Down

We'll Bring the House Down is a 1981 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's ninth studio album. After the band's period of low popularity, the band played at the 1980 Reading Festival, after Ozzy Osbourne cancelled his appearance at the last minute. The band's performance gave them popularity again and the album peaked at #25 in the UK, becoming their comeback album. The album used the songs "Wheels Ain't Coming Down", "Hold On To Your Hats", "Nut Bolts and Screws", "My Baby's Got It" and "I'm A Rocker" from their previous album "Return to Base" (1979).

The album featured the singles "We'll Bring the House Down" and "Wheels ain't Coming Down".


Till Deaf Do Us Part

Till Deaf Do Us Part is a 1981 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's tenth studio album. After the band's comeback at the 1980 Reading Festival, the band were now popular again amongst heavy metal fans. The band released a hard rock/heavy metal album to fit with this new success, and the album itself peaked at #68 in the UK.

The album featured the singles "Knuckle Sandwich Nancy", "Lock Up Your Daughters", Ruby Red" and "Rock and Roll Preacher".


The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome

The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome is a 1983 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's eleventh studio album. The album featured two successful UK top ten singles, whilst the album itself peaked at #49 in the UK. It was the band's most successful album of the 1980s.

The album featured the singles "(And Now the Waltz) C'est La Vie", "My Oh My" and "Run Runaway".


Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply

Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply is a 1984 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's twelfth studio album. The album was a new version of the band's previous album "The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome", where it was released in America only, after heavy metal band Quiet Riot had big success with a cover of the Slade song "Cum on Feel the Noize". It became the band's most successful album in America, peaking at #33.

The album featured the singles "Run Runaway", "My Oh My" and the promotional single "Slam the Hammer Down".


Rogues Gallery

Rogues Gallery is a 1985 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's thirteenth studio album. Following from the band's European and American success with the singles "My Oh My" and "Run Runaway", the band decided to stop touring but continue recording. The album featured ten radio-friendly songs, although the album was not as successful as hoped, peaking at #60 in the UK.

The album featured the singles "All Join Hands", "7 Year Bitch", "Myzsterious Mizster Jones" and "Little Sheila".


Natalie

Natalie [ nat-l-ee ] is a female given name derived from late Latin name Natalia which in turn means "Christmas Day". "Natalie" is found in many languages but is especially prevalent in French and English speaking countries. Natalie is a name that's been popular for centuries due to its beauty and widespread usage across various cultures and languages. This name has a rich history and significant meaning. It is derived from the Latin word "natalis," which means "birth" or "birthday." Natalie is often associated with Christmas, a holiday that celebrates the birth of Jesus Christ. The name has been used in many cultures and languages, with different spellings in French, Spanish, Russian, and Italian. It's also been widely used in countries such as the United States, Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom. This name was ranked #56 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Crackers – The Christmas Party Album

Crackers – The Christmas Party Album is a 1985 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's fourteenth studio album. The album mainly featured new versions of Slade songs, various versions of party anthems, previous Slade hits. The album was successful, peaking at #34 in the UK, receiving a Gold award for sales.

The album featured the single "Do You Believe in Miracles".


You Boyz Make Big Noize

You Boyz Make Big Noize is a 1987 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's fourteenth and last studio album. The album featured twelve radio-friendly songs, although the album was not as successful as hoped, peaking at #98 in the UK.

The album featured the singles "Still the Same", "That's What Friends Are For", "You Boyz Make Big Noize", "Ooh La La in L.A." and "We Won't Give In".


Slade Alive, Vol. 2

Slade Alive, Vol. 2 is a 1978 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's second live album. Released during the band's period of low popularity, the album failed to chart or gain the same success as the first live album "Slade Alive!" did.


Slade on Stage

Slade on Stage is a 1982 rock album by English band Slade. It was the band's third and last live album. The album peaked at #58 in the UK.


Aeronautical literary festival

The Salon du livre aéronautique (in English : aeronautical literary festival) is an events for aviation books and writing created in 2009 and organized each year in Toulouse (campus of ENAC) by the French Civil Aviation University and the ENAC Alumni association.

The event welcomes both large and small publishers and representatives of the book industry. Its originality is to be open to professionals and general public. On one day, meetings are organized with writers, authors ... The diversity of participants, book signings, discussion topics and activities have helped to make this appointment a great cultural and festive time.


Laura

The name Laura [ lahv-rah; "English" lah-vr"uh" ] is a female given name in Latin Europe whose meaning, "Bay Laurel", translates to everyman. The name is from the bay laurel plant, which in the Greco-Roman era, was used as a symbol of victory, fame or honor. 

Around British North America, it is likely the name "Laura" was strongly popular for female babies until its rapid decline in late 19th century. It rebounded various times since, although it has steadily declined in popularity in some countries. This name was ranked #391 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

There are many celebrities carrying the name "Laura".

In 2020, Hurricane Laura struck western Louisiana and southeast Texas. The storm caused $19 billion in damage. The name "Laura" was retired and replaced by "Leah"


39th G8 summit

The 39th G8 summit took place in Northern Ireland on 17th and 18th June 2013. The meeting was at the Lough Erne Golf Resort in Enniskillen, Northern Ireland 

In the Queen's speech at the state opening of Parliament in 2012, Elizabeth II said that "my government will use this opportunity to promote international security and prosperity."

The gathering of the Group of Eight (G8) will be the 39th meeting in a series which began in 1976. 

Previous G8 summits have been hosted by the United Kingdom at London (1977, 1984, 1991) and Birmingham (1998) in England. The 2005 summit was in Scotland at Gleneagles.

The G8 and the summit are part of a consultation process. The G8 is not an international organization. It is an informal group.

The participants will be the "core members" of the group:

A number of national leaders are traditionally invited to attend the summit. They are asked to participate in some, but not all, G8 summit activities.

The summit meetings are intended as a way to resolve differences among the G8 members.

Traditionally, the host country sets the agenda. As host, Prime Minister Cameron is expected to try to change the G8. He has criticised costs and questioned the value of G8 meetings.

Discussions at the 39th G8 summit will include some issues which remain unresolved from previous summits.

The G8 discussions will be about a range of topics, including 

Because of the nature of the summit, protest groups and other activists usually attend. The planning for the summit includes how to deal with these groups.

Britain's leading aid groups and charities are planning a "propaganda offensive" which hopes to affect the food-dominated agenda for the G8.



Bugatti

Bugatti Automobiles S.A.S. is a French supercar company currently owned by Volkswagen. They made cars back in the early 1900s. They made cars such as the Bugatti Veyron. Unlike the regular Veyron, with 300 produced, there are only 20 supersport versions, which used to hold the record for world's fastest car at 267mph. However, that record has been broken by the new Bugatti Chiron, breaking the 300mph barrier. All Bugattis have a 16-cylinder engine and all cost between $1.8 million to $2.2 million (not counting the extras). 1909


Samantha Mumba

Samantha Tamania Anne Cecilia Mumba (born 18 January 1983) is an Irish singer, dancer, actress and musician who first became famous around 2000 with the single "Gotta Tell You". Samantha sings contralto. Mumba has also been in many movies, in particular independent movies.

Mumba's first single, "Gotta Tell You", reached No. 1 in the Irish charts. It later reached No. 2 in the British charts. Mumba also had success in the USA, with the song reaching No. 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. To date, her first album has sold over 4 million copies worldwide.




Financial Times

The Financial Times (FT) is an international business newspaper. It is a morning daily newspaper published in London. It is printed in 24 cities around the world. About 110 of its 475 journalists are outside the UK.

Along with FT.com, it has an average daily readership of 2.1 million people worldwide. FT.com has 4 million registered users and 250,000 digital subscribers, as well as 585,681 paying users. The "Financial Times" in print format has an average daily circulation of three hundred and five thousand copies worldwide as of April 2012.

It was started in 1888 by James Sheridan and Horatio Bottomley. The "FT" specialises in UK and international business and financial news. It is printed as a broadsheet on light salmon paper.

Bahraini people

The Baharna (singular Bahrani) are the people of the archipelago of Bahrain and the oasis of Qatif on the Persian Gulf coast of Saudi Arabia. The term is sometimes also given to the Shi'a people of the al-Hasa oasis. They are all Arabic speaking. They claim descent from Arab tribes. Their dialect of Arabic is known as "Bahrani" or "Bahrani Arabic". Almost all follow Shia Islam.

Muharraq

Muharraq (meaning Place of Ashes), is Bahrain's third largest city. It was the capital until 1923. The Muharraq Town was replaced by Manama as the capital of Bahrain. 

The city is on Muharraq Island. Bahrain International Airport is located on the island.

Muharraq is home to Muharraq Club, which is Bahrain's most successful football club. The city is also known for its traditional market, or souq, and as a home of traditional arts and music. Ali Bahar, a popular and successful Bahraini singer is from Muharraq.

Gulf Air and Bahrain Air have headquarters in Muharraq.

Bani Jamra

Bani Jamra is a village in the north-west of Bahrain. It is east of Budaiya and south of Diraz. It is in the Northern Governorate. Before the discovery of oil in Bahrain, most of the people were involved in farming, especially date palms. Bani Jamra is also famous as a center of traditional fabric weaving, a rapidly dying art.

Almost all of the people of Bani Jamra are Baharna Shias. Leading cleric and political activist Abdul Amir al-Jamri, and his son Mansoor Al-Jamri are from the village.


A'ali

A'ali is one of the biggest towns in Bahrain. Before it was a part of the municipality of Mintaqah. Since 2001 it is in the Central Governorate. A'ali is famous for its 170,000+ ancient burial mounds. These are one of the largest graveyards in the world. A'ali is famous also for its old pottery handicraft.

A'ali is in the middle of Bahrain. It is south of Isa Town and north of Riffa. A'ali has a National Driving School. A'ali is mainly a Shia town. It is approximately 15 km (9.3 miles) southwest of the capital of Bahrain.

Souq

A souq or souk (also spelled soq, souk, esouk, suk, sooq, souq, or suq) is an open-air marketplace or commercial quarter in an Arab, or Berber city. A souk or souq is a free-market where vendors can say the going market price for their products. The term is often used for the market in any Arab or Muslim city. In modern times, it appears in Western cities, too. It may also be the weekly market in some smaller towns where no tribal conflicts would be allowed.

Ibrahim

Ibrahim ( "") may be:

Muharram

Muharram is the first month of the Islamic calendar. It is one of the four sacred months of the year in which fighting is not allowed. The month is accounted with many stories in Islam. The other months are Dhu al-Qi'dah, Dhu al-Hijjah and Rajab. Since the Islamic calendar is a lunar calendar, Muharram moves from year to year when compared with the Gregorian calendar.

Muharram is held to be the most sacred of all the months, except for Ramadan. Some Muslims fast during these days. The tenth day of Muharram is the Day of Ashura. To Shia Muslims it is part of the Mourning of Muharram. The mourning is for Husayn ibn Ali who was the grandson of Prophet Muhammad and their third Imam.

Many Sunni Muslims fast during this day. It is in the "hadith" that Musa (Moses) and his people had a victory over the Egyptian Pharaoh on the 10th day of Muharram. The Islamic prophet Muhammad asked Muslims to fast on this day, and also a day extra either before or after. Many Muslims cook something sweet like sweet rice and share with their family and circle of friends to eat when breaking their fast...
On muhurram a large number of people gather and decorate "'Tazia"' as the Symbol of the battle
People of Muslim communities in many parts of the world set-up ‘Langar’(A large pot filled with food) where water is served free to all for nine days
On muhurram Sunni Muslims prepare ‘khichda’(Rice which includes all the grains and lentils available)

Diana Dors

Diana Dors (born Diana Mary Fluck, 23 October 1931 – 4 May 1984) was a British actress. She was born in Swindon, Wiltshire. 

Dors died of ovarian cancer in Windsor, Berkshire.

Dors was married three times:

Day of Ashura

The Day of Ashura is on the 10th day of Muharram in the Islamic calendar. It is the high point of the Remembrance of Muharram.

Shi'a Muslims mourn for the martyrdom of Husayn ibn Ali, the grandson of Muhammad. He died at the Battle of Karbala on 10 Muharram in the year 61 AH (October 10, 680 AD). According to Sunni Muslim tradition, Muhammad fasted on this day and asked other people to fast.

In many Shi'a regions of Muslim countries such as Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, Turkey, Azerbaijan, Pakistan, Lebanon, and Bahrain; the Commemoration of Husayn ibn Ali has become a national holiday. Most ethnic and religious communities participate in it. Even in a mostly Hindu country like India, Ashura is a public holiday.



Scientific management

Scientific management is a field of study which was started by Frederick Winslow Taylor (1856-1915). In his honor, the domain is sometimes called Taylorism. Taylor believed he could improve work in a company and its management through scientific procedures. This would solve the social problems in the company and guarantee wealth for all people. Very important components are:
It was mainly used for manufacturing processes, where workers operated machines to get a product. Today, the main problems seen with this approach is that the workers were treated like machines and not like human beings. It is the division of labour pushed to its extreme.


40th G7 summit

The 40th G8 summit was held in Brussels on June 4–5, 2014. It was originally going to be held at the Black Sea resort of Sochi, Russia.

After Russia's involvement in the 2014 Crimean crisis, some people wanted Russia to leave the G8. On March 24, United Kingdom Prime Minister David Cameron said that the meeting would not occur in Russia due to the Crimean crisis. The other seven countries decided to hold it without Russia.

The participants will be the "core members" of the group:

A number of national leaders are traditionally invited to attend the summit.

On June 4, 2014 on G7 meeting in Brussels leaders of the G7 nations in their joint statement condemned Moscow for its «continuing violation» of Ukraine's sovereignty and say they are prepared to impose further sanctions on Russia over its actions in Ukraine.

The G7 summit on June 4–5, 2014 is the first since Russia was expelled from the group following its annexation of Crimea in March.

Planning for the summit has to anticipate protest groups and other activists.

For some, the G8 summit will be a profit-generating event; as for example, the "G8 Summit" magazines which have been published since 1998. 



President of Bangladesh

The President of Bangladesh is the Head of State of Bangladesh. Since 1991, Bangladesh is a parliamentary democracy. This makes the President a mostly ceremonial post elected by the parliament. The President lives at the Bangabhaban Palace which is his office and home.

Zillur Rahman

Mohammed Zillur Rahman (9 March 1929 – 20 March 2013) was the President of Bangladesh between 12 February 2009 and his death. He was a senior member of the Awami League. No other candidate filed to run in the presidential election. Rahman died on March 20, 2013 after being taken to Singapore City from an lung infection, aged 84.

Prime Minister of Bangladesh

The prime minister of Bangladesh (), officially prime minister of the Government of the People's Republic of Bangladesh () is the chief executive of the government of Bangladesh. The prime minister and the cabinet are collectively accountable for their policies and actions to the Parliament, to their political party and ultimately to the electorate. The prime minister is ceremonially appointed by the president of Bangladesh.

The position was taken over by the military during years of 1975–78, 1982–86 and 1990–91 due to imposed martial law. In each of these periods, the national government leadership was in control of the military with the executive authority of the president and the prime minister. During the period between 1996 and 2008, The chief adviser of the caretaker government of the People's Republic of Bangladesh exercised authority as per the constitution as the Head of government for 90 days during transition between one elected government to another. The chief adviser headed an Advisory Committee comprising ten Advisers. With powers roughly equivalent to those of the prime minister of an elected governments, his executive power was constrained with certain constitutional limitations. The system was scrapped in 2011 by 15th amendment of constitution to allow political government to conduct any General Election in future.

The current prime minister is Sheikh Hasina, appointed on 6 January 2009 by president Iajuddin Ahmed. She is the longest serving prime minister in the country's history.

Father Ted

Father Ted is an Anglo-Irish sitcom created for Channel 4. It was created by Graham Linehan and Arthur Mathews and produced by Hat Trick Productions. It was shown from 21 April 1995 until 1 May 1998. It is set on a fictional island off the west of Ireland. It is about three Roman Catholic priests who share a house. It stars Dermot Morgan as Father Ted Crilly, Ardal O'Hanlon as Father Dougal McGuire and Frank Kelly as Father Jack Hackett. Pauline McLynn plays their housekeeper Mrs Doyle.

Sheikh Hasina

Sheikh Hasina Wazed (Bengali: শেখ হাসিনা ওয়াজেদ; born 28 September 1947) is a Bangladeshi politician who has served as the tenth Prime Minister of Bangladesh from June 1996 to July 2001 and again since January 2009. She is the daughter of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, the founding father and first president of Bangladesh. Having served for a combined total of over 19 years, she is the longest serving prime minister in the history of Bangladesh. As of 11 January 2024, she is the world's longest-serving female head of government.

Mohammad Abdul Hamid

Mohammed Abdul Hamid (born 1 January 1944) was the 16th President of Bangladesh from 2013 to 2023. He was the Speaker of the National Parliament of Bangladesh from 2009 through 2013.

Hamid was born in Mithamoin in the Kishoreganj District.

He started his political career while a student in Kishoreganj. He was the vice president of Gurudayal Government College. He later became a lawyer in the Kishoreganj Judge Court. He was president of Kishoreganj Bar Association several times. He has been elected 7 times as a member of Parliament from 1970 to 2009.

On 25 January 2009, he became the Speaker of the National Parliament of Bangladesh. Currently he is the 20th President of Bangladesh.

Chief Justice of Bangladesh

Chief Justice of Bangladesh is the chief of the judges of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh. The Chief Justice is picked by the President of Bangladesh. 


Cox's Bazar

Cox's Bazar is a town, a fishing port and district headquarters in Bangladesh. It is known for its wide sandy beach. It is the world's longest natural sandy sea beach. It is 150 km south of the port Chittagong. Cox’s Bazar is also known by the name "Panowa". The modern Cox's Bazar gets its name from Captain Hiram Cox (died 1799), an officer serving in British India.

Today, Cox's Bazar is one of the most-visited tourist destinations in Bangladesh. It has not yet become a major international tourist destination.

Sundarbans

The Sundarbans is the largest single block of tidal halophytic mangrove forest in the world. The Sunderbans is a UNESCO World Heritage Site covering parts of Khulna Division of Bangladesh. 

The Sundarbans National Park is a National Park, Tiger Reserve, and a biosphere reserve. It is in the Sundarbans delta in the Indian state of West Bengal. This region is covered by mangrove forests. It is one of the largest reserves for the Bengal tiger.

Rangpur Division

Rangpur Division became Bangladesh's seventh division on January 25, 2010. Before that, it was the northern 8 districts of the Rajshahi Division. The Rangpur division has eight districts: Rangpur, Dinajpur District, Kurigram, Gaibandha, Nilphamari, Panchagarh, Thakurgaon, and Lalmonirhat. There are 58 subdistricts under these eight districts. Rangpur is the northernmost division of Bangladesh. There were 15,665,000 people at the 2011 Census.
The major cities of this new division are Rangpur and Dinajpur. Rangpur has well-known schools, such as Carmichael College, Hajee Mohammad Danesh Science and Technology University, Rangpur Medical College, Rangpur Cadet College, and Begum Rokeya University.
In 1947 it became a part of the former East Pakistan province as a district.

Tigon

A tigon or tiglon is a big cat whose father is a male tiger and whose mother is a female lion.

Eosinophil granulocyte

Eosinophil granulocytes, usually called "eosinophils" or "eosinophiles", are granulocyte white blood cells that fight off certain parasites and infections in vertebrates. When they are activated, eosinophils release a cocktail of proteins from their granules, including heparin. Like mast cells and basophils, their main targets are parasites, and they are part causes of the syndromes called asthma and allergy. 

Eosinophils make up 1-6% of white blood cells circulating in the body. They are similar in size to neutrophils but have reddish-orange granules (when stained with eosin) and a bilobed nucleus. Eosinophil granulocytes are important defenders against large, multi-cellular parasites, such as worms and flukes. Their numbers increase during a parasitic infection.

Christine Milne

Christine Anne Milne (born 14 May 1953) was the leader of the Australian Greens between 13 April 2012 and 6 May 2015. She held the position after the previous leader Bob Brown resigned.

Aerostatics

Aerostatics is the study of gases that are not in motion. The study of gases in motion is called aerodynamics. It is a part of fluid statics.

An aerostat is a lighter than air craft, such as an airship or balloon, which uses the principles of aerostatics to float.


37th G8 summit

The 37th G8 summit was held 26–27 May 2011 in the commune of Deauville in France.
The Deauville summit of the Group of Eight (G8) was the 37th meeting in a series which began in 1976. 

Previous G8 summits have been hosted by France at Rambouillet (1975); Versailles (1982); Paris (1989); Lyon (1996); and Évian-les-Bains (2003).

The G8 and the summit are part of a consultation process. The G8 is not an international organization. It is an informal group.

These summit participants were the current "core members" of the G8:

Other national leaders are traditionally invited to attend the summit. They participate in some, but not all, G8 summit activities. African leaders who came to Deauville included: 

Also invited were:

Traditionally, the host country of the G8 summit sets the agenda. French general priorities included peace and security.

Discussions included some issues which remained unresolved from previous summits. 

Some of the specific topics on the agenda were: 

World events caused the list of topics to grow, including 

Protest groups and others organized public events. In these demonstrations, the slogan "G8 dégage" ("G8 Go Away") was notable.

The demonstrators are widely understood to be against globalisation.

According to the Mayor of Deauville, "Our main interest is the economic implications."

For some, the G8 summit became a profit-generating event. For example, the "G8 Summit" magazines have been published under the auspices of the host nations for distribution to all attendees since 1998.



Khulna

Khulna is the fourth largest city in Bangladesh. It is on the banks of the Rupsha and Bhairab rivers in Khulna District. It is the headquarters of Khulna Division. It is a major industrial and commercial center. It has a seaport named Mongla on its outskirts, 38 km from Khulna City. There were about 1,000,000 people in 2010 estimation.

The city is 333 km southwest of Bangladesh's capital Dhaka. It is connected by air, road, train and water transportation.

Khulna is known as the city of shrimp, because 75% of shrimp exported from Bangladesh are from the Khulna zone. It is also known for its lobster, prawn, catfish, and crab.

Rajshahi

The city of Rajshahi is the headquarters of Rajshahi Division and Rajshahi District. It is one of the six metropolitan cities of Bangladesh. It is called "Silk City" and "Education City". There are around 1,000,000 people. It is on the northern banks of the river Padma. 

Rajshahi used to be known as Rampur Boalia. 


Sylhet

Sylhet is a major city in north-eastern Bangladesh. It is the main city of Sylhet Division and Sylhet District. It was given metropolitan city status in March 2009. Sylhet is on the banks of the Surma Valley. It is surrounded by the Jaintia, Khasi and Tripura hills. The city has almost 500,000 people. It is one of the largest cities in Bangladesh. The Sylhet region is well known for its tea gardens and tropical forests. Sylhet is one of the richest cities in Bangladesh. 

The city is called a City of Saints. There is the mausoleum of the great saint Hazrat Shah Jalal, who brought Islam to Bengal during the 14th century. 

Barisal

Barisal, officially known as Barishal, ( "Bengali Pron: [boɾiʃal]") is a town in southern Bangladesh. It is an old port on the Kirtankhola. It is 142 km (373 km by road) away from the capital city Dhaka. It is now the headquarters of both the Barisal Division and the Barisal District. The city has 30 wards and 50 mahallas. Barisal municipality was formed in 1957 and was turned into a City Corporation in 2000.

Barisal City has one police academy.

Barisal is a major center for higher education in Bangladesh. A few of city’s education institutions are:




There is also a Physical education college, a Nursing institute and two Teacher's training colleges.

Bogra

Bogra is one of the oldest towns in northern Bangladesh. It is a centre of commerce and trade within the Bogra District. It is under the Rajshahi Division. They have hosted cricket test matches in Shaheed Chandu Stadium. Bogra is also home to the Western Wing of Bangladesh Highway Police. 

Ziaur Rahman, former president of Bangladesh, and Muhammad Ali Bogra, a former Prime Minister of Pakistan, were both born in the district.

Bogra is often called the heart of North-Bengal.

Cumilla

Comilla is a metropolitan city in south-eastern Bangladesh. It is one of the largest cities in Bangladesh. It is a city beside Dhaka-Chittagong Highway. It is the center of the Comilla District and part of the Chittagong Division. It is one of the oldest cities in Bangladesh.

The Eastern Wing of Bangladesh Highway Police is in Comilla. The Gomti River and Little Feni River pass through the city. The Tropic of Cancer crosses Comilla city on the south side.

The Comilla Victorians are a professional cricket team. They play in the Bangladesh Premier League.

Mymensingh

Mymensingh is a city of Bangladesh on the river Brahmaputra. It is the capital of Mymensingh Division. The city is known for institute like Bangladesh Agricultural University, Mymensingh Medical College, Mymensingh Engineering College, Ananda Mohan College, Mymensingh Muminunnesa Women College, Mymensingh Polytechnique Institute and Mymensingh Girls' Cadet College. Other landmark institutions include Mymensingh Army Cantonment. Mymensingh city is about north of Dhaka which is the capital of the country.

Rangpur

Rangpur may be:



Rangpur, Bangladesh

Rangpur is one of the major cities in Bangladesh. Rangpur is the centre of northwestern Bangladesh. Rangpur used to be the headquarter of "Greater Rangpur" district. Later the Greater Rangpur district was broken down into Rangpur, Kurigram, Nilphamari, Lalmonirhat and Gaibandha districts. A public university "Begum Rokeya University, Rangpur" was recently started in the southern part of the city. 


Major schools in the city include:



San Cristóbal, Táchira

San Cristobal is the capital city of the Táchira State in Venezuela, a mountain state. It is located in the southwest region of Táchira. San Cristobal was founded by Juan de Maldonado in March 31, 1561. San Cristobal makes a frontier by the west with Cúcuta, Colombia; by the east with the Apure state; and by the north with the states of Zulia, Barinas and Trujillo.

San Cristobal has a large student population. There are many post-secondary schools, both public and private, in San Cristobal. Major colleges and universities of San Cristobal are listed below:


The weather in San Cristobal is tropical; the temperatures are between 19℃ and 28℃ (66 °F and 83 °F). San Cristobal is characterized has two seasons: summer and spring. The temperatures between those two seasons do not change a lot. However, there is more rain in the spring than in the summer.


The Deportivo Táchira Fútbol Club was founded in 1974 by Gaetano Greco. The Stadium of the Deportivo Tachira is located in the north side of San Cristobal, and it is called Polideportivo de Pueblo Nuevo, and it has a capacity for 38,755 people.


Official website 

Elizabeth Hurley

Elizabeth Jane Hurley (born 10 June 1965) is a British actress and model. She was born in Basingstoke, Hampshire. She played Vanessa Kensington in "" and "". She played the Devil in "Bedazzled". She currently owns her own beachwear line. Hurley has been with the cosmetics company Estée Lauder for over 15 years. They gave Hurley her first modelling job at the age of 29.






Sledgehammer Games

Sledgehammer Games is an American video game developer. It was founded in 2009 by Glen Schofield and Michael Condrey, who worked at Visceral Games and have been an important of the "Dead Space" franchise development.

Sledgehammer Games began to work on a "Call of Duty" third-person shooter in 2009, which would have changed the series dramatically: they planned to turn it into an adventure game. But when Jason West and Vince Zampella, and many other employees from left Infinity Ward in spring 2010, Activision stopped the developement of that new game. Instead, they asked Sledgehammer Games to work with Infinity Ward to develop "" together. Sledgehammer Games had spent six months working on the "Call of Duty" third-person shooter before they began working with Infinity Ward. In October 2011, Sledgehammer Games have said that they will likely cancel the third-person shooter development, but will maybe continue developing in the future.

Sledgehammer's first title, "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3", sold 6.8 million copies in the US and UK alone and grossed $470 million within 24 hours. It grossed more than $775 million globally in the first 5 days. "Modern Warfare 3" also topped the UK video game sales chart in the first seven days. By November 21, 2011, the game was the bestselling title in the United Kingdom, sales dropping by 87%. "Modern Warfare 3" was still the top spot on the UK charts in the third and fourth week. The PS3 version of "Modern Warfare 3" also topped the Japanese chart in its first week on sale. The PS3 version sold 180,372 copies, while the Xbox 360 version sold around 30,000.


Aeronautical operations technician

The degree of Technicien aéronautique d'exploitation (TAE, in English aeronautical operations Technician) was created in 2011. It is recognized by CNCP, and recorded level IV in the "nomenclature des niveaux de formation" (levels of training). The training is organized by the French Civil Aviation University.

The TAE course started in 1962. It was originally named « Agent d'Exploitation » (Handling Agent / Flight Dispatcher). The new name was introduced in November 2010.

The training is in seven months in Toulouse or, since September 2012, on the Aerocampus » of Latresne. The curriculum propose, in substantially equal parts, general lessons of aeronautics and practical lessons : air navigation, telecommunications and aeronautical information, aircraft flight mechanics, navigation, avionics, meteorology, air operations, air law, English, ...

The "Technicien aéronautique d'exploitation" is responsible for the flight preparation and flight planning, passengers, freight management and pricing. he works for an airline or an airport.



6th G7 summit

The 6th G7 summit was a meeting in 1980 for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.

The international group of leaders were together in Italy on June 22-23. The meetings were held in Venice.

The Venice summit of the Group of Seven (G7) was the 6th meeting in a series which began in 1976. 

This was the first G7 summit hosted by Italy.

The G8 and the summit are part of a consultation process. The G8 is not an international organization. It is an informal group.

The participants were the "core members" of the group:

Japanese Prime Minister Masayoshi Ohira had a fatal heart attack only 10 days before the summit. The Foreign Minister led the Japanese delegation.

The G7 leaders agreed to work together to break the link between oil consumption and economic growth. Medium- and long-term policies were identified as important issues.



Meghna River

The Meghna River is an important river in Bangladesh. It is one of the three that forms the Ganges delta. This delta is the largest on earth. The river meets Padma River in Chandpur District. The river ends in the Bay of Bengal in Bhola District.

Major tributaries of the Meghna include the Dhaleshwari River, Gumti River, and Feni River. The river's average depth is . The maximum depth is .

The Meghna is the widest river of those that are completely inside Bangladesh. At one point near Bhola, Meghna is 12 km wide. In its lower parts this river follows almost a straight line. Despite its very calm and quiet look, this river is the cause of many deaths every year. Several ferry sinkings in the past have killed hundreds. Near Chandpur it is very dangerous.

Jatiya Sangsad

Jatiya Sangsad or National Assembly is the national parliament of Bangladesh. The current parliament of Bangladesh has 345 seats. This includes 45 seats held for women. People who are in the Jatiya Sangsad are called Members of Parliament or MPs. The last 9th National Parliamentary Election was held on December 29, 2008. Normally elections are every five years.

The leader of the party that has most of seats is the Prime Minister of Bangladesh. The President of Bangladesh, who is the ceremonial head of state, is picked by Parliament.

The parliament itself meets in the Jatiyo Sangshad Bhaban. The current majority party is the Bangladesh Awami League.

Members of Parliament must be citizens of "only" Bangladesh and above the age of 25.

Independence Day of Bangladesh

The Independence Day of Bangladesh is a national holiday. It commemorates the country's declaration of independence from Pakistan. It is celebrated on March 26 each year.

Independence Day is commonly associated with parades, political speeches,fairs,concerts,and ceremonies to celebrate the history and traditions of Bangladesh.
The Independence Day Award is the highest state award given by the Government of Bangladesh.

Telephone numbers in Bangladesh

Bangladesh telephone numbers use a calling code of +880.

Charyapada

The Charyapada is a collection of 8th-12th century Vajrayana Buddhist "caryagiti". They are mystical poems from the tantric tradition in eastern India. The Charyapada were meant to be sung. 

A manuscript of this anthology was found in the early 20th century. It shows early examples of the Assamese, Oriya, Maithili and Bengali languages. The writers of the Charyapada belonged to the various regions of Assam, Bengal, Orissa and Bihar. A Tibetan translation of the Charyapada was also kept in the Tibetan Buddhist canon. 

Michael Madhusudan Dutt

Michael Madhusudan Dutt, or Michael Madhusudan Dutta, (25 January 1824 – 29 June 1873) was Bengali poet and dramatist. He was the first great poet of modern Bangla literature. He was educated at the Hindu College, Kolkata. In 1843, he became a Christian. He was born in Sagordari, a village in Keshobpur Upozila, Jessore District, East Bengal (now in Bangladesh). He was a pioneer of Bengali drama. His famous work "Meghnad Badh Kavya", is a tragic Novel, centring round the heroic figure of Indrajit, Ravan's son. It has nine cantos and is exceptional in Bengali literature both in terms of style and content. He also wrote poems about the sorrows and pains of love as spoken by women. 

From an early age, Dutt wanted to be an Englishman in form and manner. In later life, he regretted his attraction to England and the Occident. He wrote lovingly of his homeland in his poems and sonnets from this period.

His early writings were in English, but they were unsuccessful. He turned, reluctantly at first, to Bengali. His main works, written mostly between 1858 and 1862, include prose drama, long narrative poems, and lyrics. His first play, "Sarmistha" (1858), was well received. His poetical works are "Tilottamasambhab" (1860), a narrative poem on the story of Sunda and Upasunda; "Meghnad Badh" (1861), his most important piece, an epic on the Rāmāyaṇa theme; "Brajangana" (1861), a cycle of lyrics on the "Rādhā-Kṛṣṇa" theme; and "Birangana" (1862), a set of 21 epistolary poems on the model of Ovid’s Heroides. 

Dutt is widely said to be one of the greatest poets in Bengali literature. He is the father of the Bengali sonnet. He was the first to make what came to be called "amitrakshar chhanda" (blank verse). Dutt died in Kolkata, India on 29 June 1873.

Kazi Nazrul Islam

Kazi Nazrul Islam (24 May 1899–29 August 1976) was a Bengali poet, musician and revolutionary. His nickname was "Rebel Poet". He was the first to make poems talking about intense spiritual rebellion against fascism and oppression. Nazrul is the national poet of Bangladesh. He is commemorated in India.

He was born into a Muslim family in India, Nazrul received religious education. He worked as a muezzin at a local mosque. He learned of poetry, drama, and literature while working with theatrical groups. After being in the British Indian Army, Nazrul made himself a journalist in Kolkata (then Calcutta). He was against the British Raj in India. He talked about revolution through his poetic works. Some examples are "Bidrohi" ("The Rebel") and "Bhangar Gaan" ("The Song of Destruction"), as well as his publication "Dhumketu" ("The Comet"). His work in the Indian independence movement often led to going to jail by British authorities. While in prison, Nazrul wrote the "Rajbandir Jabanbandi" ("Deposition of a Political Prisoner"). 
Nazrul's writings are about themes such as love, freedom, and revolution. He was against all bigotry, including religious and gender. Throughout his career, Nazrul wrote short stories, novels, and essays but is best known for his poems. He started new forms such as Bengali ghazals. Nazrul wrote and composed music for his nearly 4,000 songs. The are collectively known as Complete Works of Kazi Nazrul Islam, which are widely popular today. At the age of 43 (in 1942) he began suffering from an unknown disease. He was losing his voice and memory. It is often said, the reason was slow poisoning by British Government. He lived alone for many years. Invited by the Government of Bangladesh, Nazrul and his family moved to Dhaka in 1972. He died four years later.

Ektara

Ektara (literally "one-string", also called iktar, ', yaktaro gopichand) is a one-string instrument. It is most often used in traditional music from Bangladesh, India , Egypt, and Pakistan.
The ektara was a regular string instrument of wandering bards and minstrels from India. It is plucked with one finger. The ektara usually has a stretched single string. An animal skin is over a head made of dried pumpkin/gourd, wood or coconut. The neck is a pole or split bamboo cane. 

Pressing the two halves of the neck together loosens the string. This lowers its pitch. The sound can be changed many ways by slight changes in pressure. 

The various sizes of ektara are soprano, tenor, and bass. The bass ektara, sometimes called a "dotara" often has two strings.

Biryani

Biryani, Biriani, Beryani or Beriani is an South Asian dish that comes in set of rice-based foods made with spices, rice (usually basmati) and meat, fish, eggs or vegetables. The name comes from the Persian word "beryā(n)" which means "fried" or "roasted". 

The cooking method of Biryani came from Iran. It was brought to the Indian subcontinent by Iranian travelers and merchants. In India and Pakistan, the recipe of biryani developed to its current form. Local variants of this dish are popular not only in South Asia but also in Bangladesh, Southeast Asia, Arabia, and within various South Asian communities in Western countries.

The spices and condiments used in biryani may include, but are not limited to, ghee, nutmeg, mace, cumin, pepper, cloves, cardamom, cinnamon, bay leaves, coriander, mint leaves, ginger, onions, and garlic. The premium varieties include saffron. For a non-vegetarian biryani, the main ingredient with the spices is the meat—beef, chicken, goat, lamb, fish or shrimp. The dish may be served with dahi chutney or raita, korma, curry, a sour dish of eggplant (brinjal), boiled egg and salad.

Biryani and pullao are different. In biryani the rice (plain or fried) is cooked separately from the thick sauce (curry of meat or vegetables). The curry and the rice are then brought together and layered. This makes a dish with contrasting flavors of rice, sauce and meat or vegetables. 

Vesak

Vesākha or Vesak is a holy day. It is observed traditionally by Buddhists in Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, India, Nepal and the South East Asian countries of Singapore, Vietnam, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Malaysia, Burma, and Indonesia. Sometimes it is called "Buddha's Birthday". It is basically Buddha's birthday and actually includes the birth, enlightenment (nirvāna), and passing away (Parinirvāna) of Gautama Buddha.

The exact date of Vesākha varies according to the lunar calendars used in different traditions. In Theravada countries following the Buddhist calendar, it falls on a full moon Uposatha day. This is typically in the 5th or 6th lunar month. Vesākha Day in China is on the eighth of the fourth month in the Chinese lunar calendar. The date varies from year to year in the Western Gregorian calendar. It usually falls in April or May. In leap years Vesākha is celebrated in June.

Pohela Boishakh

Pôhela Boishakh (Bengali New Year) is the first day of the Bengali calendar. It is on 14 April in Bangladesh and 15 April in other places. The holiday is celebrated in Bangladesh and the Indian state of West Bengal. It is also celebrated in Bengali communities in the other Indian states like Assam, Tripura, Jharkhand and Odisha and all over India as well where the Bengali community is. It is the same day as the New Year's Days of many Southern Asian calendars.

In Bangladesh, it is a national holiday .

In Bengali, Pohela means ‘first’. Baisakh is the first month of the Bengali calendar. 

"Boishakhi" fairs are held in many parts of the country. Various agricultural products, traditional handicrafts, toys, cosmetics, as well as various kinds of food and sweets are sold at these fairs. The fairs also provide entertainment, with singers and dancers. They present folk songs. Among other attractions of these fairs are puppet shows and merry-go-rounds.

Magpie-robin

The magpie-robins or shamas are medium-sized birds. They mostly eat insects. Some also eat berries and other fruit. They are in the genera "Copsychus" and "Trichixos". They were used to be in the thrush family Turdidae. They are now treated as part of the Old World flycatcher Muscicapidae.

These are African and Asian garden and forest dwelling species.

Species list:

Juliette Binoche

Juliette Binoche (born 9 March 1964) is a French actress. She was born in Paris. Her maternal grandparents were Poles. She won an Academy Award for her role in the movie "Chocolat". She won a BAFTA Award for her role as Hana in "The English Patient". 

Scientific model

A scientific model is a simplified abstract view of a complex reality. Scientific models are used as a basis for scientific work. They can be used to explain, predict, and test, or to develop computer programs or mathematical equations.

An example of a complex model is the software used for weather forecasts. The program is based on equations for the variables which affect weather. Meteorological data is fed in, and the program produces predictions (graphs and data) of future weather patterns.

A scientific model represents complex objects, events, and physical processes in a logical way.


For instance, models of our universe are part of astrophysics - the biggest things in nature - and physics - the smallest. This is not usually what we mean by nature, however. We mean the models studied in biology, ecology, economics, environmental health and healing. Most models of nature are of things that humans really affect directly, and which affect humans back:

For instance, to dump toxic waste in a river will harm others down the river. But without models of nature we do not know who, and cannot say how much is harmed or harmful.

Models of nature affect human decision-making. They are very important to human health, wellness and economics. They also matter in ethics, since most people wish to reduce harm done by their decisions. They matter in law because harms can be proven to have been done in a court.

A forest is very hard to bring back to life, once it is degraded. Smaller models of bits of nature help to understand how much must be left, so future generations can use nature too.

In many ways humans and nature can be said to be in conflict. Natural capital like soil and large healthy trees, which nature needs to make more of itself, is also useful to humans as natural resources. To know how much can be drawn out of nature, before it dies, is important. This is another reason for a model:

There are three main ways in which models of nature affect human life:




To preserve nature, ecology movement activists now cooperate in a global power network. It includes not just parties in politics but also NGOs like Greenpeace, Earth First or World Wide Fund for Nature.

One model of nature they have agreed on is a map that shows ecoregions, which are the natural borders of ecology maps. According to this map, there are 867 regions divided into 8 ecozones - plus others which are in the ocean.

Most anthropologists agree that aboriginal languages have a small model of local nature in them. For instance, there will be more words to describe snow in an Arctic language, and more words to describe shades of green in a rainforest. This is part of the reason to use ecology borders in politics, since people who do not live inside the border do not see or make the same distinctions about nature.

A very small number of people think that humans do not need nature at all, and can replace everything that it does. To prove them wrong, some economists made another model of nature:

Economists study nature's services to see how hard it would be to replace what nature does for humans. They showed in 1995 that the services nature performed for humans were more valuable than all services humans perform for each other all over the world. The value of Earth as a living thing was much more than we could ever afford to replace with our own technology. There has been no real disagreement about any of this.

Pricing all the value of Earth to humans gives a huge number - which proves the pricing is right, since, we must put a high price on anything we have no way to replace.

Skadi

Skaði (sometimes anglicized as Skadi or Skathi) is the goddess of hunting, the wild, mountains, and skiing in Norse mythology. She was born a jötunn, daughter of the late Thjazi. She is the wife of Njörðr, whom she married as part of the compensation provided to her by the Æsir for killing her father. Her marriage to Njörðr was an unhappy one, however, ultimately ending in their separation, as Skaði then took the god Ullr (the stepson of Thor) for her lover. In addition to being Njörðr’s wife, Skaði is the stepmother of his twin children, Freyr and Freyja. 

The gods were celebrating their slaying of the giant (jötunn) Thjazi and the simultaneous return of the youth-giving goddess Iðunn when Skaði arrived, ready to avenge the death of Thjazi, her father. The gods were patient with the giantess, and convinced Skaði to ultimately accept a form of compensation instead of seeking vengeance. 

First, Odin took Thjazi’s eyes and cast them into the night sky, where they became stars. 

Second, the gods were to make Skaði laugh. After many feats were tried, none succeeded in bringing a smile to the jötunn's face. At last, Loki tied one end of a rope to a goat and the other around his testicles as he began a game of tug of war with the creature. 

Each screeched and howled in turn, until at last Loki fell over into Skaði's lap. The giantess could not help but chuckle. Third, Skaði was to be given a god of her choosing in marriage, but she was to select him by the sight of his feet alone. She picked the fairest pair of feet she could see, thinking them to be those of Baldr. However, as it turned out, they were those of the sea god, Njörðr.

Hawkeye

Hawkeye may mean:


Hawkeye (Marvel Comics)

Hawkeye is the name of two fictional superheroes created by Marvel Comics. The first Hawkeye's real name is Clint Barton and the second Hawkeye's real name is Kate Bishop.

Clint Barton was created by writer Stan Lee and artist Don Heck, the character first appeared as a supervillain in "Tales of Suspense" #57 (September 1964), while Kate Bishop was created by writer Allan Heinberg and artist Jim Cheung, and first appeared in "Young Avengers" #1 (April 2005).

He is a former circus worker and criminal-turned-hero, who received his archery skills as a young boy through training with Swordsman and Trickshot. Barton had eventually joined both the East Coast and West Coast branches of the Avengers, even leading at one time.

None. As Goliath, Barton used gases designed by Hank Pym to grow to great heights, with appropriate increases in strength and toughness. (He could also use them to shrink to minuscule size).

Ronin is a world-class archer and marksman. His above average reflexes and hand-eye-coordination make him the most proficient archer ever known. He is also trained to throw knifes, darts, balls, bolas and boomerangs. He is natural athlete. He is also formidable unarmed combatant, thanks largelymore.

She was a regular civilian, with considerable archery skills, who happened to cross paths with the Young Avengers on a mission, eventually inviting herself onto the team. She became Barton's protégé and they both operates under Hawkeye name simultaneously.
None. Kate is a highly skilled at archery, fencing, swordmanship, jujitsu, gymnastics, boxing, and other forms of combat.

She carries two battle staves similar to those once used by Mockingbird, a sword similar to the Swordsman's, as well as Clint Barton's bow and arrows. Black Panther has also supplied her with trick arrows.

The character has been adapted to different forms of media, including television series, action figures, and video games. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) franchise, Hawkeye is portrayed both by Jeremy Renner and Hailee Steinfeld.

Commercial pilot licence

A commercial pilot license (CPL), is a qualification that permits a person to be a pilot of an aircraft. It allows a person to be the pilot in command (Captain) of a single-pilot aircraft, or as co-pilot of a multi-pilot aircraft and be paid for this work.

Airline Transport Pilot Licence

The Airline Transport Pilot License (ATPL) is the highest level of aviator qualification or license. Those certified as Airline Transport Pilots are authorized to act as pilot-in-command of an aircraft having a maximum weight over or having over 9 passenger seats. 

Any pilot operating an aircraft for money must start by obtaining a Commercial pilot licence (CPL).

Theoretical subjects included for ATPL applicants are:

Fushimi Inari-taisha

It is the head shrine of Inari, the rice god. There are Inari shrines in many parts of Japan. There may be more than 32,000 sub-shrines or .

Fushimi Inari-taisha has been associated with the emperors of Japan since the early Heian period.

From 1871 through 1946, it was in the first rank of government supported shrines.


Technicien supérieur de l'aviation

The degree of Technicien supérieur de l'aviation (TSA, in ) was created in 2010 from the "Technicien supérieur des études et de l'exploitation de l'aviation civile" degree. It is recognized by CNCP, and recorder level III in the "nomenclature des niveaux de formation" (level of training). The degree is obtained after training at the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university).



Ectopic pregnancy

An ectopic pregnancy is a when an embryo sticks to somewhere outside the uterus. In a normal pregnancy, the embryo sticks itself into the wall of the uterus. The uterus is the only place in the body where an embryo can grow into a fetus.

Most ectopic pregnancies happen in a Fallopian tube (one of the two tubes that connect the ovaries and the uterus). For this reason, ectopic pregnancies are often called tubal pregnancies. Rarely, ectopic pregnancies can happen in an ovary or in the cervix. 

Ectopic pregnancies cannot become normal pregnancies, and will not result in a baby. They can also cause serious health problems for the mother.

Risk factors (things that make a woman more likely to have an ectopic pregnancy) include:

At first, there may be no symptoms. A woman may not even know she is pregnant at this point. Sometimes she might have pain in her pelvis, or bleeding from her vagina.

But once the embryo has grown for about 6 to 8 weeks, it gets large enough to make the Fallopian tube break open. This is a medical emergency, and can kill a woman. Once the Fallopian tube has ruptured, it will start to bleed into the abdomen. Symptoms will include:

A physician can do an exam of the pelvis to test for sensitivity and pain, to figure out if a woman has an ectopic pregnancy. There are also blood tests for the pregnancy hormone hCG. In a normal pregnancy, the hGC levels double every day. Low levels are evidence of a problem, like an ectopic pregnancy. An ultrasound can also be used to see if the embryo is implanted in the uterus or not.

There are two main ways to treat an ectopic pregnancy if it is diagnosed before the Fallopian tube ruptures. The first is with the medicine methotrexate. If it is given early enough, it can cause an abortion and end the pregnancy. The second is with a surgery called a laparoscopy (a surgery done with a laser). The surgeon makes a small cut in the belly and removes the embryo. A laparoscopy is done after the first few weeks of the pregnancy.

Once the Fallopian tube ruptures, emergency surgery is needed to fix the broken Fallopian tube and remove the blood from inside the abdomen. The patient may also needed to be treated for blood loss.

An ectopic pregnancy cannot become a baby. But it can have effects on future pregnancies and fertility. Because in an ectopic pregnancy the embryo usually grows in a Fallopian tube, the Fallopian tube can be damaged. This makes it more likely for another embryo to get stuck there. The likeness of another ectopic pregnancy depends on the amount of damage to the Fallopian tube, and the health of the tubes. However, even after a ectopic pregnancy, it is entirely possible to have a normal pregnancy.

Bangladesh national cricket team

The Bangladesh national cricket team () is the national cricket team for Bangladesh. The rules are set by the Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB). Bangladesh is a full member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) with Test and One Day International (ODI) status. It played its first Test match in 2000 against India in Dhaka. Bangladesh was the tenth Test cricket playing nation.

Bangladesh's first time in international cricket came in the 1979 ICC Trophy in England. They left the tournament with 2 wins and 2 defeats. Seven years later, on 31 March 1986, Bangladesh played in its first ODI match against Pakistan in the 1986 Asia Cup. Bangladesh won the 1997 ICC Trophy in Malaysia. By winning the tournament, Bangladesh qualified for the 1999 Cricket World Cup for the first time. In 1997, Bangladesh became a regular ICC member with the right to play ODIs. It got the status of a Test playing country on 26 June 2000. Bangladesh has the record for most losses in a row in Tests (21 between 1999 and 2002) and ODIs (23 between 2001 and 2004).

As of April 2012, Bangladesh has played 73 Tests, winning only 3. Its first victory was against Zimbabwe. The other two were against a West Indian team crippled by a players' strike. Of the 63 matches it has lost, 35 were by an innings. The team has been more successful in ODIs, having won 72 of its 262 matches. They have also played 18 Twenty20 Internationals, winning four.




2011 Cricket World Cup

The 2011 ICC Cricket World Cup was the tenth Cricket World Cup. It was played in India, Sri Lanka, and Bangladesh. It was Bangladesh's first time co-hosting a World Cup.

All matches in the World Cup were given One Day International status. All matches played had over 50 overs. Fourteen national cricket teams were in the tournament, including ten full members and four associate members. The World Cup was between 19 February and 2 April 2011. The first match played on 19 February 2011 was with co-hosts India and Bangladesh at the Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium in Dhaka.

India won the tournament defeating Sri Lanka by 6 wickets in the final. India was the first nation to win the Cricket World Cup final on home soil. India's Yuvraj Singh was made the man of the tournament.

The following 14 teams qualified for the final tournament.

The Opening Ceremony was in Bangladesh. The place for the opening ceremony was Bangabandhu National Stadium in Dhaka. The event took place on 17 February 2011, 2 days before the first match of the World Cup.

All the Indian stadiums for the 2011 World Cup were set. The venues of Bangladesh and Sri Lanka were picked in late October 2009. Two new stadiums in Sri Lanka were built for the 2011 World Cup. They are located in Kandy and Hambantota.

The Umpire selection panel selected 18 umpires and a reserve umpire, Enamul Haque (Bangladesh). There were 5 from Australia, 6 from Asia, 3 from England, 2 from New Zealand and 1 each from South Africa and West Indies.





The 2011 World Cup final was played between India and Sri Lanka making it the first ever World Cup Final featuring two Asian teams. The highlight of the 2011 World Cup Final was Indian Captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni's innings that took India over the line making him one of the most respected Captains in cricket history.

Kabaddi

Kabaddi is a team sport from South Asia. 
Two teams are on opposite halves of a small field. They take turns sending a "raider" into the other half. This is to win points by tackling members of the opposing team. Then the raider tries to return to their own half. They hold their breath and chant the word "Kabaddi" during the whole raid. The raider must not cross the lobby unless they touch any of their opponents. If they do not touch anyone then they will be "out". There is also a bonus line. If the raider touches it and returns to their side of the field, they will get extra points. If the raider is not able to get back to their own side, then they are considered "out". RV -4416 

In the international team version of kabaddi, there are two teams of seven members and 4 are in substitution. Each is on opposite halves of a field of 10 m × 13 m in case of men and 8 m × 12 m in case of women. Each has three extra players held in reserve. The game is played with 20-minute halves. There is a five-minute half-time break when the teams change sides.

Teams take turns sending a "raider" to the opposite team's half. The goal is to tag or wrestle ("confine") members of the opposite team. Tagged members are "out" and temporarily sent off the field.

The goal of the defenders is to stop the raider from returning to the home side before taking a breath. If any of the seven players cross the lobby without touching the raider they will be declared "out".

The raider is sent off the field if:

Each time when a player is "out", the opposing team earns a point. A team scores a bonus of two points called a "lona". If the entire opposing team is declared "out". At the end of the game, the team with the most points wins.

Matches are based on age and weight. Six officials supervise a match: one referee, two umpires, a scorer and two assistant scorers.

the modernised version of the game was founded in Maharashtra. Kabaddi received International exposure in the 1937 Olympics, demonstrated by India. The game was introduced in the Indian Games in Calcutta 1938. Kabaddi was popularized by Sundar Ram of India in Japan, when he toured on behalf of the Asian Amateur Kabaddi Federation.

The was first played in 2004. It was played again in 2007, 2010 and 2016. So far India is the unbeaten champion in Kabaddi World Cup. Iran is the next most successful nation being runner-up twice. South Korea was the runner-up in 2010.

The Women's Kabaddi World Cup was first played in 2012 in Patna, Bihar, India. India won the championship defeating Iran in the finals gold.

List of Major League Baseball stadiums

The following is a list of current, future, and (some) former Major League Baseball stadiums.




The Sopranos

The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series. It ran from 1999 until 2007. The programe is based on the life of Italian American organized crime. The main character, Tony Soprano, is a New Jersey-based waste consultant who also is a member of American Mafia. Soprano is trying to battle the problems of his home life and his work life. In the first episode we meet the Soprano family, who seem to have an average American life. When Tony talks to his counsellor, we learn about his secret criminal based life.

The program and its actors won many awards. It was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series in every year it was able to. "The Sopranos" won at least one Emmy Award for acting in every eligible year except 2006 and 2007. In 2000 and 2001, "The Sopranos" earned two consecutive George Foster Peabody Awards.

Carrom

Carrom is a indoor tabletop game. It is between billiards and table shuffleboard. Carrom is known by many names around the world, including carrum, couronne, carum, karam, karom, karum, fatta (Punjabi) and finger billiards. The game was started in India. Formal rules for the game were not written until 1988. 

The game is played in many countries across the world. It is played for fun and as a competitive sport. The competitive sport is organised by the International Carrom Federation. Carrom uses simple equipment that lets many people play. There is a version of the game that uses cue sticks (which is also known as pool).

There are two players or two teams. The time it takes to play a game changes with each game. It is a brain game. There are two pink colour billiards, nine black colour billiards, and nine brown colour billiards. There are many carrom board manufacturers namely, Synco, Presice, Siscaa, etc. These are the leading carrom brands in India. 

European Network for Accreditation of Engineering Education

The European Network for Accreditation of Engineering Education authorises quality assurance and education accreditation agencies within the European higher education area, to award the EUR-ACE label to their accredited engineering degree programmes.


Angling

Angling is a way of fishing by means of an "angle" (fish hook). The hook is usually attached to a fishing line. The line is often attached to a fishing rod. Fishing rods are usually fitted with a fishing reel. The reel is used for storing, getting back and paying out the line. The hook itself can have lures or bait added to attract fish. 

Angling is the main method of sport fishing. Some commercial fisheries also use angling. Catch and release fishing is done by more and more recreational fishermen. 

Bridgetown

The city of Bridgetown is the capital and largest city of the nation of Barbados. It was called the "Town of Saint Michael". It is in the parish of Saint Michael. Bridgetown is sometimes locally called "The City", but more common is simply "Town".

The "Bridgetown" port, found along Carlisle Bay, is on the southwestern coast of the island. The Grantley Adams International Airport for Barbados, is southeast of Bridgetown city centre.

The present day location of the city was set by English settlers in 1628. This was after settlement at St. James Town. Bridgetown is a major West Indies tourist destination. On 25 June 2011, "Historic Bridgetown and its Garrison" were added as a World Heritage Site of UNESCO.

Bridgetown is the only city outside continental North America that George Washington visited.

English settlement of Bridgetown began on 5 July 1628 under Charles Wolverstone.

Hurricane belt

The hurricane belt is an area in the Atlantic Ocean which is likely to get hurricanes during the Atlantic hurricane season.

Grantley Adams International Airport

Grantley Adams International Airport (GAIA), is in Seawell, Christ Church on the island of Barbados. The former name of the airport was Seawell Airport. Then it was named in honour of the first Premier of Barbados, Sir Grantley Herbert Adams in 1976. GAIA is the only port of entry for persons arriving and leaving by air in Barbados.

In 2011, the Grantley Adams Airport was the 9th busiest airport in the Caribbean region.

Flag of Barbados

The national flag of Barbados was started on 30 November 1966. That was the island's first Independence Day. It has a triband of two bands of ultramarine. These are said to stand for the ocean. The middle band is golden. This is for the sand on the island. A black trident-head is centred in the golden band. The broken lower part is a symbolic break from its status as a colony. The three points of the trident are for the three principles of democracy - 1) government of, 2) for, and 3) by the people. 

The design for the flag was made by Grantley W. Prescod. There was an open competition put on by the Barbados government. Over a thousand entries were received.

NME Awards

The NME Awards is a yearly music awards show in the United Kingdom. It was started by the music magazine, "NME" ("New Musical Express"). The first awards show was held in 1953. 

At first it was called the NME Poll Winners Concerts. These continued through until 1972. The Beatles and The Rolling Stones were most commonly featured. 

The awards began again in 1994 as the NME Brat Awards. This was a pun on the BRIT Awards. 

Note: This list only includes winners of major awards (e.g. Best Album, Best British Band, Best Track, etc.)


Overexposed (album)

Overexposed is the fourth studio album by American pop rock band Maroon 5. The album was released on June 26, 2012 under A&M/Octone Records in the United States. The album was announced on March 26, 2012 on the group's newsletter. The album's producers consist of One Republic frontman Ryan Tedder, Benjamin "Benny Blanco" Levin, Max Martin, and Shellback. The lead single off the album "Payphone" was released on April 16, 2012. It features rapper Wiz Khalifa. The song peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and number-one on the Digital Songs chart. It sold 490,000+ digital downloads within its first week beating out the previous toppers Black Eyed Peas with their hit single "I Gotta Feeling."

On May 18, 2012 the band performed the song "One More Night" in Atlantic City publicly for the first time. It was announced on May 22nd that it would serve as the album's second single before the time of the album's release on June 26, 2012. And the third and fourth singles of the album were "Daylight" and "Love Somebody".

The Maroon 5' members started writing the songs for "Overexposed" during their "Hands All Over Tour." 



Coat of arms of Barbados

The coat of arms of Barbados was started on independence in 1966. Like other former British lands in the Caribbean, the coat of arms has a helmet with a national symbol on top. It has a shield beneath that is supported by two animals.

The national symbol on top of the helmet is the fist of a Barbadian. It is holding two stalks of sugar cane that are crossed to resemble St. Andrew's Cross. This is for the importance of the sugar. Barbados has its national independence day on St. Andrew's Day.

The shield is gold in colour. On it are two of the national flower, and a single bearded fig tree. The shield is supported by a dolphin fish and pelican. They are for the fishing industry and Pelican Island.

At the bottom is Barbados' national motto ""Pride and Industry"" on a scroll.

In Plenty and In Time of Need

In Plenty and In Time of Need is the national anthem of the country of Barbados. It was written by Irving Burgie. The music was written by C. Van Roland Edwards. As one part of the West Indies Federation Barbados' anthem was supposed to be Forged from the Love of Liberty. The current anthem was made with Barbados' moves toward independence. This song was then taken by Barbados when it became independent in 1966.

James–Lange theory

The James-Lange Theory is a hypothesis about emotions. It is one of the earliest theories of emotion. The theory is that emotions come from the physiological response to what is happening around us.

It was developed independently by two 19th-century scholars, William James and Carl Lange. The basic idea of the theory is that physiological arousal triggers the experience of a specific emotion. The theory is that the physiological change is primary, and emotion is caused by the information from the body's nervous system.

The theory has been criticised and modified over the course of time. There are several competing theories. 

Nurse Jackie

Nurse Jackie is an American comedy-drama television series. It began on June 8, 2009. It is on Showtime, Movie Central and The Movie Network. It stars Edie Falco as an emergency room nurse at a hospital in New York City.


Christ Church, Barbados

Christ Church is a parish of Barbados. It has a land area of . It is found at the southern end of the island.

The parish has the Sir Grantley Adams International Airport. It also has the last remaining mangrove swamp in the country, the Graeme Hall Nature Sanctuary. Another notable area of Christ Church is Saint Lawrence Gap. It is the most lively tourist area on the island. Many of the taverns and clubs in St. Lawrence are used by locals and tourists alike.


Saint Andrew, Barbados

Saint Andrew ("St. Andrew") is one of eleven parishes of Barbados. It is in the northern area in the country. Saint Andrew has the country's highest natural elevation, the Mount Hillaby at the southern part of the parish.

The parish is named after the patron saint, Saint Andrew. He is also the basis of the name for Barbados' highest national award "The Order of Saint Andrew".

During the colonial years under Britain, the British thought the area looked like the hills and fields of Scotland. Now is nicknamed the "Scotland District".

Saint Andrew is on the eastern coastline of Barbados. There the Atlantic Ocean tends to be more turbulent. The parish is home to several natural reserves including the Turner's Hall Woods.

Gestational diabetes

Gestational diabetes (or gestational diabetes mellitus, GDM) is a condition in which females who previously were not having diabetes exhibit higher than normal levels of blood sugar while pregnant. The illness usually shows few signs/symptoms. It is usually found during pregnancy medical checks. Up to 16% of pregnant women are affected by GDM. Pregnant women with family history of having diabetes and ethnic background have higher chances of getting the disease. 

Gestational diabetes is caused when a pregnant woman's body does not produce enough insulin, leading to higher than normal blood sugar levels. Some women with GDM are treated with drugs. However, healthy eating and regular exercise can help to lower the chances of getting GDM. 

It is still unclear what causes gestational diabetes. It may be due to the action of pregnancy hormones, blocking the action of insulin to its receptors. This prevents cells to take in glucose properly. This causes sugar to remain in blood, where it continues to rise. 

Babies born to mothers with gestational diabetes can have many problems, such as, being too large (which may make childbirth difficult), lower than normal blood glucose, or being born too early. More serious problems include brain problems or dead before birth. In addition, women with gestational diabetes have higher risk of getting Type 2 diabetes (or, in fewer cases, Type 1 diabetes) after pregnancy. 

In most cases, children belonging to mothers having gestational diabetes are at higher risk of childhood obesity and Type 2 diabetes later in life. This can be stopped through healthy eating and regular exercise. 

Common risk factors for developing gestational diabetes are: 

A basic test is carried out during the first . The doctor or nurse will ask certain questions to check if the mother is at high risk of getting gestational diabetes. 

Woman found with higher chance of getting GDM will be offered a blood glucose test. This allows the doctor to check the correct sugar levels in the mother's blood. 

Light exercise and stop smoking during pregnancy can greatly help pregnant women to avoid getting GDM. 

Zhou Enlai

Zhou Enlai (; 5 March 1898 – 8 January 1976) was the first Premier of the People's Republic of China. He served from October 1949 until his death in January 1976. Zhou served under Mao Zedong and was an important leader in the Communist Party of China.

A skilled and able diplomat, Zhou served as the Chinese foreign minister from 1949 to 1958. He believed in getting along with Western countries after the Korean War. He participated in the 1954 Geneva Conference and helped organize Richard Nixon's 1972 visit to China. He helped make policies regarding the disagreements with the U.S., Taiwan, the Soviet Union (after 1960), India and Vietnam. Zhou is best known as the long-time top aide to Mao Zedong. His specialty was foreign policy. Mao and Zhou's different personalities made them an effective team, according to Henry Kissinger, the American diplomat who dealt with both men.

Jean-Marc Ayrault

Jean-Marc Ayrault (born 25 January 1950) is a French politician. He was the Prime Minister of France from 15 May 2012 to 31 March 2014. He was the Mayor of Nantes from 1989 to 2012. He was appointed prime minister by François Hollande following the defeat of the UMP president and the resignation of that government.

Slade in Flame

Slade in Flame is a 1975 movie directed by Richard Loncraine. The story follows a band's rise to fame and their decline, showing the dark side of the music business.

The band released a soundtrack in late 1974 under the same name.

Ingénieur des études et de l'exploitation de l'aviation civile

The IEEAC is the corps of the Ingénieur des études et de l'exploitation de l'aviation civile (Civil Aviation Operations Engineer). It is the sixth corps of the French civil aviation authorities in terms of numbers with 777 IEEAC out of 13,076 agents the 1st of July 2011.

The third-year training of IEEAC is performed at the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university) of Toulouse.

They work for French civil aviation authorities.


Joseph Monier

Joseph Monier (November 8, 1823, Saint-Quentin-la-Poterie, France—March 13, 1906, Paris) was a French gardener. He was one of the inventors of reinforced concrete.

Monier did experiments with iron-wire reinforcement for his cement and concrete tubs and basins. He made the idea in 1867 and put his invention on exhibition the same year at the Paris Exposition.

At the age of 17 (1840) he was hired by the Duke of Uzès to work in the gardens of the Duke's mansion in Paris. In 1846 he took a job at the famous Tuileries Gardes of Paris where he was responsible for the orangery. Here he began his work with concrete that would result in the invention of reinforced cement.

Gary Johnson

Gary Earl Johnson (born January 1, 1953) is an American politician and businessman. He served as the 29th Governor of New Mexico from 1995 to 2003. Johnson was the Libertarian Party nominee for the 2012 US presidential election. He is well known for his low-tax libertarian views. On December 28, 2011 Johnson, withdrew his Republican campaign for president and joined the Libertarian Party as its candidate.

On January 6, 2016, Johnson announced that he is running for President again for the Libertarian party. He won the nomination on May 29, 2016, however lost the election to Donald Trump. In the election, Johnson won more votes than any other Libertarian candidate in history with 4.5 million votes.

In August 2018, Johnson became the Libertarian nominee for U.S. Senate of New Mexico in the 2018 election. He lost the election to incumbent Democrat Martin Heinrich.

Johnson was born in Minot, North Dakota. His father was Earl Johnson and his mother was Lorraine Bostow. He is of Danish, Norwegian and Ukrainian descent. He was raised in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He studied at the University of New Mexico, Albuquerque.

Johnson entered politics for the first time by running for Governor of New Mexico in 1994 on a fiscally conservative, low-tax and anti-crime plan. He won the election beating the current governor Bruce King.

During his time as governor, Johnson became known for his low-tax libertarian views, following the policies of tax and bureaucracy reduction supported by a cost–benefit analysis rationale. He cut the 10% annual growth in the budget: in part, due to his use of the gubernatorial veto 200 times during his first six months in office. Johnson set state and national records for his use of veto and line-item veto powers, estimated to have been more than the other 49 contemporary governors combined, which gained him the nicknames "Veto Johnson" and "Governor Veto".

Johnson successfully sought re-election in 1998. In his second term, he concentrated on the issue of school voucher reforms, as well as campaigning for marijuana decriminalization and legalization, and opposition to the War on Drugs. Term limited, Johnson could not run for re-election at the end of his second term. He left office in 2003.

In April 2011, Johnson announced that he was running for President of the United States. He ran as a Republican. After poor polling numbers in Republican polls and not qualified to attend the debates, Johnson switched his political views and ran as a Libertarian. He beat Libertarian candidate R. Lee Wrights for the nomination at the convention. California Judge James P. Gray was his running mate.

In the 2012 United States presidential election, Johnson received 0.99% of the popular vote, a total of 1,275,971 votes. This was the best result in the Libertarian Party's history by raw vote number, though under the 1.1 percentage of the vote won by Ed Clark in 1980.

In an April 2014 Reddit "Ask Me Anything" session, Johnson stated that he hopes to run for president again in 2016. On whether he would run as a Libertarian or a Republican, he stated that "I would love running as a Libertarian because I would have the least amount of explaining to do."

In November 2014, Johnson said he wanted to run for the 2016 Libertarian nomination. Johnson resigned from his post as CEO of Cannabis Sativa, Inc. in January 2016 to pursue political opportunities, hinting to a 2016 presidential run.

On January 6, 2016, Johnson announced that we will run for president for the Libertarian Party nomination.

A poll done by Monmouth University to show who people wanted to win the election showed that Johnson was at 11%.

Johnson won the party's nomination on May 29, 2016 at the Libertarian Convention in Orlando, Florida.

In the election, Johnson received nearly 4.5 million votes (3.27% of the total vote), which is the most for a third party presidential candidate since 1996 and the highest national vote share for a Libertarian candidate in history.

In late July of 2018, Johnson was thinking about running in the 2018 U.S. Senate race in New Mexico after Land Commissioner Aubrey Dunn Jr., was dropping out of the race. Dunn then formally withdrew from the race on July 30.

On August 4, Johnson was formally nominated by the Libertarian Party of New Mexico as Dunn's replacement.

Johnson formally launched his candidacy by accepting his party's nomination on August 14. However, Johnson lost the general election in a landslide to Democratic incumbent Martin Heinrich.

Johnson was married to Dee Simms from 1997 until her death from heart disease in 2005. As of 2012, he has been engaged with Kate Prusack. They were together since 2009. Johnson has a daughter and a son.


Menarche

Menarche is the first menstrual cycle for female human beings. It is the central event of female puberty, as it signals the possibility of fertility. Girls experience menarche at different ages. The timing for menarche is influenced by female biology, in addition to genetic and environmental issues, particularly nutritional factors. The average age of menarche for the United States is near 12.5 years and 12.75 years for Canada.

Viper

Vipers are a family of venomous snakes, the Viperidae. All have long, hinged fangs that dig deep into their prey and inject venom. The venom causes internal bleeding. There are four subfamilies of the Viperidae.

All vipers have a pair of long hollow fangs which are used to inject venom from glands found in the back of the upper jaws. The venom is a kind of protease, a destroyer of protein.

Almost all vipers have ridged scales, a well built body with a short tail and, to make room for the venom glands, a triangular-shaped head. Their slit-shaped pupils can open wide to open most of the eye, or close almost completely. This helps them to see in a wide range of light levels. Vipers are nocturnal, meaning that they sleep in the day and wake up at night to go hunting.

Like other snakes, vipers are predators, meaning that they eat other animals. Their main diet is birds (including bird eggs), amphibians, such as frogs and toads, and other small reptiles like lizards and smaller snakes.

Most viper species are ovoviviparous, giving birth to live young, but a few lay eggs. The word "viper" is derived from Latin "vivo" = "I live" and "pario" = "I give birth".

Viper snakes are found in Americas, Africa, Eurasia. In the Americas they live from southern Canada, through the United States, Mexico, Central America, and into South America. The only type of viper which lives in the United Kingdom are the adders.

Type genus = "Vipera"—Laurenti, 1768

Abdelbaset al-Megrahi

Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi (1 April 1952 – 20 May 2012) was a Libyan man who was convicted for the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland. Megrahi was the head of security for Libyan Arab Airlines, Libya's national airline, and was accused of being a spy. He was born in Tripoli.

Megrahi was the only person convicted in connection with bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, which happened on 21 December 1988. He was held under armed guard in Libya from 1991 until 1999, when he was moved to the Netherlands. His trial began in May 2000 in a special court in the Netherlands. On 31 January 2001, he was convicted of 270 counts of murder. He was sentenced to life imprisonment.

He was held in Scottish prisons until he was released on compassionate grounds on 20 August 2009 because he had terminal prostate cancer. He returned to Tripoli that day and died of the disease there.

Tony Hancock

Anthony John Hancock (12 May 1924 – 24 June 1968) was a British comedian and actor. He worked on radio, on television and in movies. He was best known for appearing in the BBC radio comedy "Hancock's Half Hour" (1954–1961). He worked with comedian Sid James until 1960.

Hancock was born in Hall Green, Birmingham. He grew up in Bournemouth, Hampshire and was educated in Swanage, Dorset and Reading, Berkshire. 

Hancock was a depressed alcoholic. In 1968, he died by suicide with an overdose of amphetamines and vodka in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.

Tawang

Tawang district is one of the 16 Districts of Arunachal Pradesh in the North-east India. The area is historically Tibetan territory and is claimed by China as a part of South Tibet. It is the eighth least populous district in the country (out of 640).

Clara Petacci

Clara Petacci (28 February 1912 – 28 April 1945) was the last mistress of Benito Mussolini, who was 28 years older. She was born in Rome. 

Mussolini tried to escape to Switzerland, with some of his helpers. After being captured Petacci was given an opportunity to flee, which she declined. She was shot, with the other prisoners.The bodies were then hung head down in Milan.

Filippo Raciti

Filippo Raciti (17 January 1967–2 February 2007) was an Italian police officer who was killed in a fight between Calcio Catania fans outside a stadium in Catania. Raciti's death was in the news around the world. All of the Italian football matches, even the national team, were suspended for a week.

Natural law

Natural law is the idea that there are forms of law that exist by themselves in nature, regardless of whether people exist or recognise them or not. Unlike other forms of law (called "positive laws") that have been agreed on by society, such laws would be given to all, and would not be possible to go against. Such rights are called natural. In modern times, human rights are often seen as coming from natural law, but the idea goes back to Ancient Greece.

Natural law is often founded on the following:

Important philosophers who developed natural law include Aristotle, Plato, Seneca the Younger, Thomas Aquinas, and Immanuel Kant. People who criticized this approach include Jeremy Bentham and Hans Kelsen.


Robert Zemeckis

Robert Lee Zemeckis (born May 14, 1952) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Chicago and raised in the community area of Roseland, Chicago.

Zemeckis directed "Romancing the Stone", "Back to the Future", "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", "Back to the Future Part II", "Back to the Future Part III", "Death Becomes Her", "Forrest Gump", "Contact", "What Lies Beneath", "Cast Away", "The Polar Express", and "A Christmas Carol".

Offensive guard

In American and Canadian football, a guard (G) is a player that lines up between the center and the tackles on the offensive line of a football team.

The guard's job is to protect the quarterback from the incoming defensive line and linebackers during pass plays, as well as creating openings (holes) for the running backs to run through. 

Center (American football)

Center (C) is a position in American football and Canadian football. The center is the innermost lineman of the offensive line on a football team's offense. The center is also the player who passes (or "snaps") the ball between his legs to the quarterback at the start of each play.

Besides that centers protect the quarterback and block for the running back during a play.

Joseph Epstein

Joseph Epstein (born January 9, 1937 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American academic, writer and editor. He is best known as an editor of "The American Scholar" from 1975 to 1997. He was given the National Humanities Medal in 2003. 

In an summary based on writings by and about Joseph Epstein, OCLC/WorldCat includes roughly 60+ works in 135 publications in 6 languages and 21,000+ library holdings.


Ross Lynch

Ross Shor Lynch (born on December 29, 1995) is an actor, singer, instrumentalist and dancer U.S. of Littleton, Colorado. He is most recognised for playing Austin Moon in the musical comedy of Disney Channel, "Austin & Ally". He is a the key vocalist in his family band, R5 , which includes his two older brothers Rocky, Riker and only sister Rydel. His brother, Riker Lynch, has a minor recurring character in the hit series "Glee".

Ross Lynch was born and raised in Littleton, Colorado and is the fourth son of Mark and Stormie Lynch. He, with his brothers and sister, are members of the hit band R5. He was educated at home from the fourth grade and only attended a music/singing class in which they found their fifth and final member of the band, Ellington Ratliff. After his oldest brother had taken a liking to the bass guitar, He decided to also practice and thus the band had formed. He grew up imitating the songs of the movie "Grease" and former band 'N Sync with his brothers. The Teen heart-throb is one of five children, with three brothers and a sister (Riker, Ryland, Rocky, Rydel). In 2007, he moved with his family to California to pursue his career, which is where he gained his Disney career and later met his girlfriend, Courtney Eaton, an Australian model and actress.

Ross Lynch has appeared in over 20 national commercials and several national campaigns and print advertising. R5 has also been featured in a series of music videos such as" Hannah Montana" on Disney Channel ,"Kidz Bop" and" Kung Fu Panda". Ross can play piano, drums, guitar and the violin. In his Disney days he danced for The Rage Boyz Crew
, a group founded by a dance company in the Southern California. He has appeared in" So You Think You Can Dance" and has had guest appearances on the series "Moises Rules!", And can even be see in the movie" Grapple! " Anton Troy.

Ross Lynch starred in the Disney Channel Original Series, "Austin & Ally", in which he played a confident and charismatic singer Austin Moon, half of a musical duo that became a teen sensation (and heart-throb) on the Internet.

Ross plays rhythm guitar in his family band R5 and has written Many original songs with his brothers, sister and family friend. 


Flo Rida

Tramar Lacel Dillard (born September 16, 1979) better known by his stage name Flo Rida is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. Some of his hit singles are "Low", "Club Can't Handle Me", "Good Feeling", "Wild Ones", and "Whistle". 

He is known for pairing up with Taio Cruz, David Guetta, Sia, and T-Pain. He also made famous songs with Alexandra Burke and Olly Murs. In 2021, he represented San Marino in the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 alongside Senhit.

Dillard is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Barack Obama's re-election.

Bram Cohen

Bram Cohen (born October 12, 1975) is an American computer programmer. He made the first torrent client, called BitTorrent.

Icy Tower

Icy Tower is a freeware computer game. It involves a small avatar (or character) with a winter hat, jumping across platforms in an icy tower. The goal of the game is to climb as high as you can up the tower.

The game was released in 2001. It was pretty successful and is known for its fast game pace and funny sounds.

Technicien supérieur des études et de l'exploitation de l'aviation civile

In France, the corps of Technicien supérieur des études et de l'exploitation de l'aviation civile (TSEEAC, Civil aviation opérations Technicians) of the French civil aviation authorities is a B-class job on the Ministry of Ecology, Sustainable Development, Transport and Housing.

Also called "TSA fonctionnaires" (TSA civil servants), perform a two-year training at the École nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation university).

TSEEAC can do many jobs at the French civil aviation authorities (DGAC) : technical assistant, aerodrome air traffic controller, ramp manager (at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport), aeronautical information operator, officer of the regional offices of information and assistance in flight, investigation assistant, ...

The corps of TSEEAC has several name changes since the 1960s :



Babak (given name)

Babak () is an Iranian name coming from the Middle Persian Pāpak. Babak means "father" in Persian.


On the Buses

On the Buses is a British sitcom set in fictional Luxton in Essex. It ran from 28 February 1969 until 6 May 1973.

The show stars Reg Varney as bus driver Stan Butler, Bob Grant as his conductor and best friend Jack Harper and Stephen Lewis as their inspector Blakey. Anna Karen plays Stan's sister Olive Rudge and Michael Robbins plays her husband Arthur Rudge. The role of Stan's widowed mother Mabel Butler was played by Cicely Courtneidge in series 1 and by Doris Hare in the other series. 

Hyperactivity

Hyperactivity (word derived from "hyper" and "to act") can be described as a physical state. 

People who have it can not control their overactive behavior and are abnormally active.

Amy Heckerling

Amy Heckerling (born May 7, 1954) is an American movie director. Her movies include: "Fast Times at Ridgemont High", "Johnny Dangerously", "National Lampoon's European Vacation", "Look Who's Talking", "Look Who's Talking Too", "Look Who's Talking Now", "Clueless", "A Night at the Roxbury" and "Loser". 

Heckerling was born in The Bronx and spent her childhood there, before moving to Queens. 

Mercenary (band)

Mercenary is a heavy metal band from Aalborg, Denmark. 









Accept (band)

Accept is a heavy metal band from Solingen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It was formed in 1968 by Udo Dirkschneider. The band played an important role in the development of speed metal.





Autumn (band)

Autumn is a Dutch gothic metal band formed in 1995.

Jennifer Stone

Jennifer Lindsay Stone (born February 12, 1993) is an American actress. She is known for playing Harper Finkle on the television series "Wizards of Waverly Place" and Harriet Welsh in the movie "".


Jennette McCurdy

Jennette Michelle Faye McCurdy (June 26, 1992) is an American writer, director, podcaster, singer, and former actress. She played Sam Puckett on the Nickelodeon TV series "iCarly" She reprised the character in the iCarly spin-off series "Sam & Cat" She also appeared in other TV series including "True Jackson, VP", "Malcolm in the Middle" and "Lincoln Heights". McCurdy grew up in Garden Grove, California.

McCurdy was born on June 26, 1992. She was born in Long Beach, California, and grew up in Garden Grove with her parents and three older brothers.

McCurdy began acting at 8 years old. She made guest appearances on "Zoey 101." From 2007 to 2012, she played Sam Puckett in the TV series "iCarly and the" 2013 spin-off series "Sam & Cat." 
She also made guest appearances on Malcom in The Middle.



Washington Senators

Since 1900, there have been two Major League Baseball teams in Washington, D.C. called the Washington Senators

The first Senators team played in Washington from 1901-1960, and moved to become the Minnesota Twins.

The second Senators team played in Washington from 1961-1971, and moved to become the Texas Rangers.

The current team is called the Washington Nationals.

Adder

The adder, "Vipera berus" is a venomous viper that can be found throughout most of Western Europe and all the way to East Asia. It is the only venomous snake in the British Isles.

They are not highly dangerous: the snake is not aggressive and usually only bites when alarmed or disturbed. Bites can be very painful, but they are rarely fatal. The snake is not threatened, though it is protected in some countries.

Adults grow to about 60 centimeters (24 in) in length. The largest, at around 90–104 (35–41 in), are found in Scandinavia. In France and Great Britain, the maximum size is 80–87 centimeters (31–34 in), weighing from 50 grams (1.8 oz) to about 180 grams (6.3 oz).

Unusually for snakes, the sexes can be seen by their colour. Females are usually brownish with dark-brown markings, the males are pure grey with black markings.

The species has two morphs. The common pattern is the one with dark stripe with crossbars along the back, on a lighter body. The melanistic morph is very dark all over. The dark morph is more common in females. Polymorphism is usually maintained by natural selection.

The adder has a wide range. It lives in across Eurasian.In several European countries it is the only native venomous snake.

The adder's diet is mainly small mammals such as mice, voles, shrews and even weasels and moles. Sometimes, they eat slow worms and lizards. They feed on amphibia, such as frogs, newts, and salamanders. There have been reports of adders eating birds, especially nestlings and eggs. Adders are ovoviviparous. Once they reach about 30 cm (1 ft) in length, their diet becomes adult.

They are protected by law in the U.K., (Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981), and by the Berne Convention (the Berne Convention on the Conservation of European Wildlife and Natural Habitats). It is a crime to harm them.

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (movie)

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a 2005 fantasy movie directed by Mike Newell. It is based on J. K. Rowling's 2000 novel of the same name. It is the sequel to "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" (2004) and the fourth movie in the "Harry Potter" movie series. 

It stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, with Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, and Emma Watson as Hermione Granger.

The movie is the first of the series to receive a PG-13. It was the highest-grossing movie of 2005 and the sixth-highest-grossing movie in the "Harry Potter" series.

The movie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Art Direction, and won the BAFTA Award for Best Production Design. 

Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger and the rest of Ron's family attend a Quidditch game. The game is attacked by a group of terrorist wizards named Death Eaters. The Death Eaters were the followers of Lord Voldemort before he died.

At Hogwarts school, Professor Dumbledore announces that the school will host the Triwizard Tournament, a game where three magical schools compete in several challenges. The contestant from each school is chosen by the Goblet of Fire. From the Bulgarian magic school, Viktor Krum is chosen. From the French magic school, Fleur Delacour is selected. However, everyone is shocked when the Goblet of Fire selects two contestants for Hogwarts: Cedric Diggory and Harry.

For the first task, the contestants must each retrieve a golden egg from a dragon. For the second task, the contestants must each rescue somebody from the Black Lake, where they are attacked by evil mermaids. In both tasks, Harry is given help by a new teacher named Professor Moody. After the task, Harry finds the dead body of Barty Crouch, an official of the Ministry of Magic (magical government). Harry and Dumbledore look into the past and find out that Barty Crouch's son (Barty Crouch Junior) is a Death Eater.

For the third task, the contestants must find the trophy, which has been hidden by Professor Moody inside a maze. Both Harry and Cedric find the trophy, but it teleports them to a graveyard. In the graveyard, Voldemort is revived by his loyal servant, Peter Pettigrew. Voldemort also kills Cedric Diggory. Voldemort tries to kill Harry but the ghosts of people that Voldemort has killed arrive to distract him so that Harry can teleport back to Hogwarts.

"Professor Moody" drags Harry into his office. It is revealed that the real Professor Moody has been locked up and is being impersonated by Barty Crouch Junior. Dumbledore announces the death of Cedric and the return of Voldemort but the Ministry of Magic denies that Voldemort has returned.


Tapaculo

The tapaculos (pronounced "ta-pa-COO-lo") are a group of small passeriform birds. They have many species, and are found mostly in South America, especially in the Andean regions. Three species, the Choco, the Pale-throated and the Silvery-fronted Tapaculo, are found in southern Central America. Tapaculos nest in many places, from ground burrows to tree holes. Some make a ball nest in a bush.

Gnateater

The gnateaters are a bird family, Conopophagidae. They are made of ten small passerine species in two genera. They live in South and Central America. They are very closely related to the antbirds and less closely to the antpittas and tapaculos. Gnateaters are not studied or known as much because of their remote habitat. However, they are often watched by birdwatchers. Gnateaters feed on insects. They catch them in the understory of South American forests.

Ovenbird

The Ovenbird ("Seiurus aurocapilla") is a small songbird of the order Passeriformes. Its family is Parulidae. The ovenbird was named after its domed nest with a side entrance, which looks like an oven. This migratory bird is found in eastern North America and winters in Central America, many Caribbean Islands, Florida, and northern Venezuela. The ovenbird walks, unlike most other members of its family, which hop.

Wang Ja-ji

Wang Ja-ji (, 1066 – May 1122) was a Korean politician, general, musician, and ambassador during the Goryeo dynasty. His posthumous name is Jangsun (), Chinese style name was Wonjang (), first name was Sojung ().



Hemopneumothorax

Hemopneumothorax is a medical problem where the lung is damaged and the chest fills up with air and blood. It is treated by opening the chest and putting in a chest drain. This can only be done by paramedics or doctors. A hemopneumothorax often happens after high speed crashes and penetrating chest wounds.

Advanced Technician in Aviation non civil servant

In France, the training of the Technicien supérieur de l'aviation (civilian) (TSA civilian, in English Advanced Technician in Aviation non civil servant) is performed by the "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (French civil aviation university). The TSA civilians can have different jobs in airports, airlines or manufacturers.




State Duma

The State Duma () is the Lower House of the Parliament. It is a part of the legislative branch of the government of Russia. The State Duma was first introduced in 1906. It was Russia's first elected parliament. In 1922, it was replaced with the Soviet Parliament. It was re-established in 1993. 

It makes laws, elects the prime minister and supervises the work of the government. It also has the power to remove the President from office. It can also call new elections. The Duma has de jure authority to make and change any laws without being overturned.

It can pass any law by a simple majority. There are 450 members in the Duma.

Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park

The Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park is part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. It is a large park with lakes, temperate rainforests and alpine heathland. Cradle Mountain is a jagged dolerite mountain peak. There are sites around the park where the Australian Aborigines lived 10,000 years ago during the last ice age. Tasmania's tallest mountain, Mt. Ossa, above sea level, is in the park.

An area of was protected in May 1922 as a scenic reserve, becoming a National Park in 1972. The National Park now covers an area of . There is a walking track, called the Overland Track, between Cradle Mountain and Lake St Clair.

Other National Parks and reserves in the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area are:
Other National Parks and reserves in the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area are:

Whatcheeria

Whatcheeria is an extinct genus of early tetrapod from the early Mississippian of Iowa. Fossils have been found in an old limestone quarry in the town of Delta. They date to 340 million year ago (mya). The type species "W. deltae" was named in 1995. It is classified with the closely related "Pederpes" in the family Whatcheeriidae.

"Whatcheeria" possesses a mixture of basal and derived (advanced) traits. Like other stem tetrapods it has a series of lateral lines across the skull, and rows of teeth on the palate These are basal traits derived from its lobe-finned fish ancestors.

It has a cleithrum, a bone in the pectoral girdle that extends from the scapula. The cleithrum once attached to the skull in lobe-finned fish, the ancestors of tetrapods, but detached to allow the neck to move freely.

"Whatcheeria" grew to about long. The skull is deep (this is an advanced trait) and the snout is pointed. A hole on the top of the skull behind the eyes called the parietal foramen is relatively large in "Whatcheeria". The bones on the skull surface are unusually smooth, unlike the pitted skulls of many other early tetrapods.

With modern cladistic taxonomy, Whatcheeriidae is not placed in Amphibia or any other class but simply as its own family within Tetrapoda. Its relationships with other tetrapods are left unclear.

IAS

IAS may stand for:










CFS

CFS is an acronym for:


CFS may also refer to:

CNCP

CNCP may refer to:


TAE

TAE may refer to:



Badge (disambiguation)

A badge is a device or patch which is displayed to indicate a special accomplishment or as a symbol of authority.

Badge may refer to:

The acronym BADGE refers to:


Monarchy of Barbados

Barbados was a Commonwealth realm. Queen Elizabeth II was the reigning monarch since 6 February 1952. She was Barbado's head of state but was substituted by the office of the President when Barbados became a republic.

Many of the jobs of the government were done by the Governor-General. It was abolished on 30 November 2021.

List of governors-general of Barbados

The Governor-General of Barbados was a vice-regal representative of the Queen of Barbados. The Governor-General acted as the nation's Head of State. This is because the Queen cannot live in all her realms at once. The office was abolished along with the monarch on 30 November 2021 and replaced with the presidency.

On 30 November 1966, Barbados became independent from Britain.

Elliott Belgrave

Sir Elliot Belgrave, CHB, KC (born March 16, 1931), is a Barbadian politician and retired High Court Judge. He was the Acting Governor-General of Barbados from 1 November 2011 to June 30, 2017. Belgrave graduated from the universities of Cambridge (MA) and London (LLB). He is a former Director of Public Prosecutions in Barbados. He was Judge of the Supreme Court and Court of Appeal of Barbados. He is a King's Counsel. Belgrave was awarded the Companion of Honour of Barbados for his contribution to the legal system in Barbados.

Barbadian

Barbadian, often shortened to Bajan, may be anything of or relating to Barbados and may also refer directly to:


Bajan Creole

Bajan is an English-based creole language. People on the Caribbean island of Barbados speak it. Bajan, like many other English-based Caribbean creole languages, has a West African substrate and an English superstrate. Bajan is similar but different from the creoles of neighbouring Caribbean islands.

Bajan is the Caribbean creole with the closest grammar to Standard English.

In general, the people of Barbados speak standard British English on TV and radio, in courthouses, in government, and in day-to-day business. Bajan is for less formal situations, in music, or in social commentary.

Barbadian people

Barbadians or Bajans are people from the Caribbean island of Barbados. They can live on Barbados or live in another country.

Many Bajans now live overseas and outside of Barbados. Most have moved to English language countries. There are some 60,000 Bajans in the United Kingdom, around 54,509 Bajans in the United States and 20,000 in Canada.

See: List of famous Bajan people

Prime Minister of Barbados

The Prime Minister of Barbados is the head of government of Barbados. The Prime Minister is picked by the Queen of Barbados. The Governor-General is responsible for holding the parliamentary elections. He says which one of the electors is Prime Minister.

This is a list of prime ministers of Barbados.


Freundel Stuart

Freundel Jerome Stuart PC QC MP (born 27 April 1951) is a Barbadian politician who was the seventh and former Prime Minister of Barbados and Leader of the Democratic Labor Party from 23 October 2010 to 21 February 2013; and from 21 February 2013 to 25 May 2018. He succeeded David Thompson, who died in office on 23 October 2010 from pancreatic cancer. He is a member of the Democratic Labour Party (DLP) and represents the Saint Michael South Constituency.

Stuart was born in Saint Philip, Barbados. He is the Father of one daughter.

An alumnus of the Christ Church Foundation School, Stuart is graduate of the University of the West Indies and holds degrees in Political science and Law. He is a Lawyer and his practice encompasses Criminal and Corporate Law

In 1974, Stuart officially joined the Ministry of Education and became a Teacher in Princess Margaret Secondary School.

He has supported several community organisations and sponsors the Dayrells United Achievers Community Club and the Notre Dame Sports Club.

Stuart entered and officially joined the Democratic Labour Party In 1970 and served in the Senate of Barbados until 1994. He emtered elective Politics in 1994 and stood as a Candidate under the Democratic Labor Party for Saint Philip, Barbados In the 1994 Barbadian General Election, which he won.

The Democratic Labour Party lost the 1994 Barbadian General Election but he became a Member of Parliament for St. Philip South.

Stuart was elected as First Vice- President of the Democratic Labour Party and Deputy Leader of the Opposition under Opposition Leader, David Thompson in 1995.

Stuart was also appointed in 1995 as Shadow Deputy prime minister, Shdaow Attorney general and Shdaow Minister of Home Affairs by David Thompson to serve in his Shadow cabinet of David Thompson

In 2004, Stuart was elected as the Leader and President of the Democratic Labour Party (Barbados) In a leadership election which was held in the Party Headquarters In George Street. Stuart narrowly defeated then DLP Leader and President, Clyde Mascoll but remained as Deputy Leader of the Opposition.

After the Democratic Labor Party (Barbados) won the 2008 Barbadian general election, Stuart was appointed as Deputy prime minister, Attorney general and Minister of Home Affairs by Prime Minister David Thompson (Barbadian politician) to serve in his Cabinet. Stuart served in those three positions until May 2010.

Stuart served as acting Prime Minister of Barbados since May 2010 when Prime Minister David Thompson (Barbadian Politician) became ill with pancreatic cancer. Adriel Brathwaite succeeded Stuart in the positions he then held, namely Attorney general and Minister of Home Affairs. Thompson died on 23 October 2010. Leaders of the Democratic Labor Party held an emergency meeting at the party’s Headquarters in George Street In Bridgetown on the morning of Thompson’s death, during which Stuart was chosen as the next Prime Minister.

Stuart was sworn in as the 7th Prime Minister of Barbados and Minister for National Security, the public service and Urban Development the same day by Governor General Clifford Husbands.

In 2011, Stuart was appointed as a member of the UN Global Panel on Sustainability.

Stuart won his first election as Prime Minister on 21 February 2013, defeating Barbados Labour Party challenger (for his constituency) Noel Lynch.

On 24 January 2014 Stuart became a member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom which bestowed him the title of “Right Honourable”.

Stuart had announced changes for Barbados including his intention to turn Barbados into a republic and replace the Queen of Barbados with a ceremonial President as Head of state. On 22 March 2015, Stuart told a meeting of his Democratic Labour Party (Barbados): “We cannot pat ourselves on the shoulder at having gone into independence; having decolonized our Politics; we cannot pat ourselves on the shoulders at having decolonised our jurisprudence by delinking from the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council and explain to anybody why we continue to have a monarchical system. Therefore, the Right Excellent Errol Barrow decolonized the Politics; Owen Arthur decolonized the jurisprudence and Freundel Stuart is going to complete the process.

The general secretary of the Democratic Labour Party, George Pilgrim, confirmed the move and said that it is expected to coincide with the 50th anniversary of Barbadian independence in 2016. According to Pilgrim, the change will be implemented through a bill that will be presented to the Parliament of Barbados.

According to the country’s Constitution, a two-third majority in Parliament, both in the House of Assembly of Barbados and the Senate of Barbados must have a two-third of the ruling party.

In the event that Barbados becomes a republic, it will still retain its membership of the Commonwealth of Nations but the Queen of Barbados will be replaced in her presence with a ceremonial President as head of state. The position of Governor-General of Barbados will also be dissolved.

Parliament of Barbados

The Parliament of Barbados is the national legislature of Barbados. The Parliament is bicameral, meaning there are 2 houses. The Senate is the Upper house. The House of Assembly is the Lower house. Parliament is in the national capital Bridgetown in Saint Michael.

The Senate is made up of twenty-one Senators and The Queen. The Queen is represented by the Governor-General. Senators are appointed. The term is 5 years.

The House has thirty Members of Parliament (MPs). There is also the Honourable Speaker of the House. Members of the House are elected. The term is 5 years. The next election is due to be scheduled by January 2013.

Barbadian dollar

The dollar has been the currency of Barbados since 1935. The present dollar has the ISO 4217 code "BBD". It is normally abbreviated with the dollar sign "$". Sometimes it is written "Bds$" to be different from other currencies that are called dollar. It is divided into 100 cents. 


North American Numbering Plan

The North American Numbering Plan (NANP) is a telephone numbering plan. It includes 24 countries and territories, including the United States, Canada, Bermuda, and 17 nations of the Caribbean. 

There are three-digit area codes and seven-digit telephone numbers. 


Area code 246

Area code 246 is a part of the telephone numbering plan for Barbados. Phone numbers in Barbados have 7 digits.

Mount Hillaby

The peak of Mount Hillaby is the highest point on the Eastern Caribbean island nation of Barbados. The peak is in the parish of Saint Andrew. It overlooks the area known as the Scotland District to the north and east.

Saint George, Barbados

The parish of Saint George ("St. George") is in the interior of Barbados. It is one of two land-locked parishes. The other is Saint Thomas to the north. A landmark in the parish is Gun Hill Signal Station. It is one of the few remaining signal stations, dating back to 1818.

Saint George borders six of the eleven other parishes. This is more than any other parish.

Saint James, Barbados

The parish of Saint James ("St. James") is in the western part of the country of Barbados. St. James is known as the "Platinum Coast". There are many rich people who visit or live here. The parish is home to the Queen's College.

8 Out of 10 Cats

8 out of 10 Cats is a British television comedy panel game. It began on 3 June 2005 and is shown on Channel 4. It is hosted by Jimmy Carr. Each episode has two teams, each has a captain and two celebrity guests. The captain of one team was Sean Lock. The other captain in series 1–4 is Dave Spikey; in series 5–10 it is Jason Manford; from series 11 onwards it is Jon Richardson. The 22nd series ended in January 2021.

Polycystic ovary syndrome

Polycystic ovary syndrome is one of the most prevalent female endocrine health matters. PCOS is a complex and heterogeneous problem of uncertain etiology, although there is major evidence that the PCOS can be classified as a genetic health problem. This condition produces symptoms in between five percent to ten percent of females during the reproducing ages. Problems include although are not limited to hormones resulting in acne, hirsutism, resistance to insulin (which then results in diabetes mellitus, in particular Type 2 diabetes or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults), overweight and (in some women) high cholesterol levels. The symptoms and severity vary greatly among affected women.
Treatments include weight reduction, low-dose oral contraceptive pills, medroxyprogesterone and spironolactone. Clomiphene can be used as the treatment for those women who wish to get pregnant.

Zola (musician)

Bonginkosi Dlamini, professionally known as Zola, is a South African musician, actor and presenter. He also presents "Zola 7", a television program named for him, on SABC 1.

He was born on 24 April 1981 in the Soweto Township of Johannesburg, South Africa. Zola had time in prison as a youth for car theft.

Zola become well known for his role as the notorious gangster Papa Action in "Yizo Yizo 2". Zola has enjoyed success as a Kwaito superstar. He is also the owner of the music company Guluva Entertainment.

Zola raps in isiZulu and uses a lot of tsotsi.

He has received four South African Music Awards:

At the Metro FM Awards 2001, Zola won on public vote:


Arlette Zola

Arlette Zola (born 29 April 1949) is a Swiss singer. She was born Arlette Jaquet in the city of Fribourg. Zola was in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1982. Zola was placed third behind Germany and Israel. She made two more tries at reaching the Eurovision finals. In 1984 she took third place in the Swiss final. 1985 also saw her in third spot.


Topsy

Topsy may refer to:


David Warner (actor)

David Hattersley Warner (29 July 1941 – 24 July 2022) was an English actor. He was known for playing both romantic leads and sinister or villainous characters. He was in a range of various media, including film, animation, television, and video games.

Warner died on 24 July 2022 in Northwood, London from problems caused by lung cancer, five days before his 81st birthday.

Chris Pine

Christopher Whitelaw "Chris" Pine (born August 26, 1980) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Steve Trevor in "Wonder Woman" (2017) and the sequel "Wonder Woman 1984" (2019) and as James T. Kirk in the 2009 movie "Star Trek".

Pine has been in a relationship with British actress Annabelle Wallis since 2018.


Hyperglycemia

Hyperglycemia is high blood sugar levels at or beyond 200 mg/dl. It can be a serious and life threatening health problem that can be fatal if not properly treated in time. 

In a healthy body, insulin helps glucose (sugar) get from the blood into the body's cells. There, the cells can use the sugar to make energy. However, when there is not enough insulin in the body, or if a person's body does not react to insulin normally (this is called insulin resistance), too much sugar stays in the blood. This can cause serious health problems.

Extremely high blood sugar means diabetes mellitus, a condition that often causes very high blood sugar. Hyperglycemia that comes and goes may mean diabetes of any kind, or may be developing under low insulin levels or resistance to insulin.

Three of the early signs of hyperglycemia are "the 3 polys": polydipsia (feeling very thirsty), polyphagia (feeling very hungry), and polyuria (urinating a lot). These things happen because:
Other early signs of high blood sugar include blurred vision, headache, and feeling tired.

If hyperglycemia gets worse or is not treated, it can cause toxic acids called ketones to build up in the blood and urine. This is called diabetic ketoacidosis, which is a medical emergency.

Symptoms of diabetic ketoacidosis can include:

Blood sugar

Blood sugar is an amount of glucose present in the blood of humans or animals. Sugar in the blood is the primary source for energy for body cells and blood lipids. Low blood sugar means hypoglycemia. High blood sugar means hyperglycemia. People with diabetes mellitus can have high blood sugar.

Hypoglycemia is low blood sugar.

Hyperglycemia is high blood sugar. Some of the signs of high blood sugar are:


Some signs of long time high blood sugar can be:

Another sickness that is caused by high blood sugar is ketoacidosis. This sickness is because of a lack of insulin and a high amount of chemicals called ketones in the blood.

Autodidact

An autodidact is a person who learns to do something by himself or herself. Often they learn things by reading about it, or by copying someone else.

Many great people taught themselves when there was no formal teaching in the topics which interested them. Examples are Leonardo da Vinci, Michael Faraday, and Charles Darwin. Much of the industrial revolution was done by men in a field of work where there was no previous experience. James Watt was a surveyor and instrument maker and is described as being "largely self-educated". Watt, like some other autodidacts of his time, became a Fellow of the Royal Society and a member of the Lunar Society.

Autodidactism is only one way to learn, and may be done together with formal education. Many autodidacts seek instruction and guidance from experts, friends, teachers, tutors, parents, siblings, and the community. 

South East Mutton Bird Islet

South East Mutton Bird Islet is a steep islet, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Mutton Bird Island Group, at the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. It is part of the Southwest National Park, and part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. It is very small, with an area of , and the highest point is above sea level.

The island is part of the Port Davey Islands Important Bird Area, so identified by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds.

Seabird species that breed on the island are the Short-tailed Shearwater (Puffinus tenuirostris) (250 pairs), Fairy Prion (1000 pairs), Black-faced Cormorant and Silver Gull. The Short-tailed Shearwater is also called the Mutton Bird in Australia, giving the islet it's name.

Other National Parks and reserves in the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area are:

Eduardo Paolozzi

Sir Eduardo Luigi Paolozzi, KBE, RA (Edinburgh, 7 March 1924 – London, 22 April 2005), was a Scottish sculptor and artist. He was the eldest son of Italian immigrants.

Paolozzi studied at the Edinburgh College of Art in 1943, then moved to London. He was briefly at the St Martin's School of Art in 1944, and then at the Slade School of Fine Art at University College London from 1944 to 1947. He lived in Paris from 1947 to 1949. There he met Alberto Giacometti, Jean Arp, Constantin Brâncuşi, Georges Braque and Fernand Léger. They were a big influence on his later work.

Paolozzi was the founder of the pop art movement. Paolozzi's "I was a Rich Man's Plaything" (1947) is considered the first standard bearer of Pop Art and first to display the word "pop". Paolozzi showed the collage in 1952 as part of his groundbreaking "Bunk!" series at the Independent Group meeting in London.

He was a major figure in the international art sphere. Paolozzi investigated how we fitted into the modern world. He revealed our fragmented civilization through imagination and fantasy.

He was made Her Majesty's Sculptor in Ordinary for Scotland in 1986, which he held until his death.


Christine Lagarde

Christine Madeleine Odette Lagarde (née Lallouette) (born 1 January 1956) is a French lawyer and politician. She has been the President of the European Central Bank since 2019. She was the Managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 5 July 2011 until 12 September 2019. She previously served as French Minister of Finance from 19 June 2007 to 29 June 2011 when she was elected IMF managing director. Before that she served as French Minister for Commerce and Industry from 2 July 2005 to 15 May 2007 in the government of Dominique de Villepin.

She has been the head of the European Cental Bank since the beginning of 2019. She is the first woman to hold this position.

In her youth, she was part of the national team of synchronized swimming. When she was 15 years old, she won a bronze medal, at the French national championships.

Rain Man

Rain Man is a 1988 American drama movie. It was directed by Barry Levinson and produced by Mark Johnson. It was written by Barry Morrow and Ronald Bass. It stars Tom Cruise as Charlie Babbitt and Dustin Hoffman as his older brother Raymond Babbitt.

Charlie is a narcissist who is a dealer of new cars in Los Angeles, California. He hears of his father's death and is told that the vast majority of the estate has been left to Raymond, whom he cannot remember. Raymond is an autistic savant, who has an eidetic memory but is incapable of looking after himself. He has lived in an institution in Cincinnati, Ohio for about twenty years. Charlie drives Raymond to Las Vegas, Nevada where Raymond uses his skill at counting cards to win money in card games. They then go on to Los Angeles. During the journey, Charlie changes his feelings towards Raymond from being resentful to being caring and protective. Raymond lacks understanding of the world and requires 24 hour care, which Charlie cannot provide, so Raymond returns to his institution.

Rain Man won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award. The movie was inspired by the life of savant Kim Peek (1951–2009).

Going Solo

Going Solo is a non-fiction book by Roald Dahl. It is the second part of his autobiography, and was published in 1986. "Going Solo" is the story of Dahl's first job, in Africa, and about how he became a RAF pilot in World War II.

Marc Houalla

Marc Houalla (born 10 February 1961 at Rueil-Malmaison) is a French aerospace engineer.
From the 28th of November 2008 to October 2017, he is the head of the French Civil Aviation University.

Graduate from the ENAC (IÉNAC L82) and having a MBA from HEC Paris (1990), he has done different jobs in air transport such as director of SEFA before being joining the French Civil Aviation University.

From November 2017 to February 2018, Marc Houalla is head of the Orly Airport and honorary President of ENAC Alumni. Since February 2018, he is head of the Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport. Since March 2018, he is also head of ENAC Alumni.



Louis Pailhas

Louis Pailhas (2 March 1926 – 6 February 2021), was a French politician and aerospace engineer.
From December 1967 to 1982, he was head of the French Civil Aviation University.

He graduated from the École Polytechnique (X 46) and "École nationale de l'aviation civile" (IAC 49). he did different jobs in civil aviation before joining the French Civil Aviation University in December 1967, the first to hold that position in Toulouse. He resigned in January 1982.

After that, in 1998, he was assistant of the Mayor of Toulouse, and then deputy Mayor for science, aeronautics and space activities in 2001.

Louis Pailhas was a member of the "Académie de l'air et de l'espace".



New Scientist

New Scientist is a weekly scientific journal. It covers recent developments in science and technology for a general audience. The magazine was founded in 1956 and it is published by Reed Business Information Ltd. "New Scientist" is edited by Sumit Paul-Choudhury.

Hervé Renaudeau

Hervé Renaudeau, born at Laval, is a French aerospace engineer. From September 2009 to August 2016, he is the director-general of the "Institut Polytechnique des Sciences Avancées" (French private aerospace university).

Graduate from the École Centrale de Lyon (1979), he starts his career as hardware design engineer on the Mirage 2000. He has done a career in aerospace industry before joining higher education in 2002 as head of "École supérieure des techniques aéronautiques et de construction automobile" at Levallois-Perret. In September 2009, he became head of the "Institut Polytechnique des Sciences Avancées". Francis Pollet replaces him in March 2017.

Saint John, Barbados

Saint John ("St. John") is a parish of Barbados. It is on the eastern side of the island. It is home to one of the secondary schools on the island, The Lodge School. In its southeastern corner, the shoreline turns northward instead of southward, forming the small Conset Bay.

Ashford Bird Park is a bird and animal sanctuary.

Saint Joseph, Barbados

Saint Joseph is a parish of Barbados on the eastern side of the island. The parish is home to two of the more notable botanic gardens in the country - Flower Forest and Andromeda Gardens. Parts of St. Joseph are called the Scotland District because of the appearance of the landscape.

Saint Lucy, Barbados

Saint Lucy ("St. Lucy") is the northern-most area in the country of Barbados. Saint Lucy is the only parish of Barbados to be named after a female patron saint, Saint Lucy of Syracuse. Saint Lucy was the location of a United States Navy base at Harrison's Point. Saint Lucy is also a peninsula, surrounded on three sides by the Atlantic Ocean to the north, east and west.

Saint Lucy is the birthplace of Barbados's first Prime Minister, Errol Barrow. It is also the birthplace of two cricketers; Charlie Griffith and Manny Martindale.

Saint Michael, Barbados

St. Michael is one of eleven parishes of Barbados. It is in the south-west part of the island. 
The parish is home to Bridgetown, the capital of Barbados. There is also the international seaport of Barbados—the Deep Water Harbour. Rihanna, a singer was born in St. Michael.

Saint Peter, Barbados

Saint Peter ("St. Peter") is one of eleven parishes in the Caribbean island country of Barbados. It is named after the Christian Apostle and Patron saint, Saint Peter. It is in the north of Barbados.

Saint Peter is a tourist hot spot. The parish is surrounded with white sand beaches, including those along Mullins Bay. The Barbados Wildlife Reserve is mostly a monkey sanctuary for the Barbados Green Monkey. St Nicholas Abbey is one of the more famous landmarks on Barbados.

Medal of Aeronautics

Medal of Aeronautics () is a civil honor of the government of France. It is awarded to those who have made outstanding contributions to the aviation industry.

The Medal was established in February, 1945.



David McMillan

David McMillan is a British diplomat, civil servant and administrator. He was the Director General of EUROCONTROL until 31st December 2012. Eurocontrol coordinates and plans air traffic control for all of Europe.

MacMillan earned a degree in French and Spanish from University of Edinburgh.

McMillan's Foreign Office career began in 1976. He served in Morocco and Zimbabwe. He was Transport Secretary at the British Embassy in Washington.

In the UK's Department for Transport (DfT), he had several roles between 1998 and 2007, including

McMillan was the First Vice President of the European Civil Aviation Conference between 2005 and 2007.

In 2008, he became the Director General of EUROCONTROL.


Asclepius

Asclepius (also spelled Aesculapius) was a demigod in Greek mythology. He was the son of Apollo. He was made god of medicine and healing.
Ascelpius was the god of medicines and healing and was often associated with Imhotep, the architect of the step pyramid of King Djoser.


Eileithyia

Eileithyia (; ) was the goddess of childbirth and midwifery in Greek mythology. She is the daughter of Zeus and Hera, king and queen of the gods. While she is not a prominent deity in Ancient Greek religion, Eileithyia does feature in a number of myths. Her Roman counterpart was Lucina. 

Charites

The Charites (; , "Khárites"; sing. Χάρις), also known as the Graces, are three minor goddesses of charm, beauty, grace and splendor in Greek mythology. They were the daughters of Zeus and Eurynome, and served as handmaidens of Aphrodite, goddess of love and beauty. In Roman mythology they are known as the Gratiae (the “Graces”). They are often shown in sculptures and mosaics as three naked women, holding hands and dancing in a circle. Their names are Euphrosyne ("the light-hearted one"), Thalia ("the flowering one"), and Aglaia ("the shining one").

Civil Aviation University of China

Civil Aviation University of China (Simplified Chinese 中国民航大学, Traditional Chinese 中國民航大學, Pinyin "Zhōngguó Mínháng Dàxué"), also known as CAUC, is a national university in Tianjin, China. It offers education and training in civil aviation for new pilots in China.

CAUC was founded in 1951.



Günter Blobel

Günter Blobel (May 21, 1936 – February 18, 2018) was a German-born American biochemist. His native city, Waltersdorf, now belongs to Poland.

He has received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1999 for his studies concerning protein targeting.

Blobel died in New York City on February 18, 2018 of prostate cancer at the age of 81.

Ahmed Abu Laban

Ahmad Abu Laban (born 1946 - 1 February 2007) was the leader of an organisation called Islamic Society of Denmark. In 2006, he complained about a series of cartoons that were printed in a Danish newspaper. He said the cartoons, which made fun of the prophet Muhammad, were offensive to Muslims. People in Syria, Lebanon.Afghanistan and Iran protested outside Danish embassies. There were riots in Afghanistan, in which 11 people were killed.

Ahmad was born in Palestine. He moved to Denmark with his family, and became a leading religious leader in the Danish Islamic community. He died in Copenhagen in 2007 from lung cancer.

Michel Tognini

Michel Ange-Charles Tognini (born September 30, 1949, in Vincennes, France) is a French test pilot, astronaut, educator, writer and administrator. Tognini is Head of the European Astronaut Centre (EAC) of the European Space Agency (ESA) in Cologne, Germany.

Tognini graduates "École de l'Air".



All the Vermeers in New York

All the Vermeers in New York is an American movie released in 1990. It was directed by Jon Jost.

Mark is a broker on Wall Street who notices a woman that resembles a painting by Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer. The woman is named Anna and she is an actress from France. The two start a romantic relationship when they meet each other for the first time. Mark suffers from a cerebral hemorrhage while calling Anna and then Anna disappears into a Vermeer painting at the end.

The film won the Caligari Film Award at the Berlin International Film Festival in 1991. Roger Ebert liked the film, but he thought that it ended too soon.

Saint Philip, Barbados

Saint Philip is a parish of Barbados at the southeastern end of the island.

St. Philip has the largest land area of the 11 parishes of Barbados. It has a mostly flat 'close to sea-level' land. It does not have a true city, rather villages and areas.

This parish is home to the only 'dependency' of Barbados called Culpepper Island. This tiny rock in the ocean is used as a feeding ground for sheep. It cannot be reached unless by boat or by foot at low tide.

Saint Thomas, Barbados

Saint Thomas ("St. Thomas") is in the centre of Barbados. It is one of only two landlocked parishes in the island. The other is Saint George to the south.

Liberty Kid

Liberty Kid is a 2007 low budget American movie. It is directed by Ilya Chaiken. The movie has to do with two friends that lose their jobs at the Statue of Liberty after 9/11.

The movie won Best Film at the New York Latino Film Festival. The movie won Critics' Pick from both "The New York Times" and "New York Magazine". The movie played at New York Latino Film Festival, the Woodstock Film Festival, and the Atlanta Film Festival. The DVD has an audio commentary by three actors, deleted scenes, behind the scenes, photo gallery, and conversations with Iraq War veterans as special features. The DVD is in 5.1 stereo sound.

Frank Worrell

Sir Frank Mortimer Maglinne Worrell (1 August 1924, Bank Hall, St Michael, Barbados – 13 March 1967, Kingston, Jamaica) was a West Indies cricketer and Jamaican senator. He is sometimes called by his nickname of Tae. He was a stylish right-handed batsman and useful left-arm seam bowler. He became famous in the 1950s as the first black captain of the West Indies cricket team. He is the only batsman to be in two 500-run partnerships in first-class cricket.

Since the 1960–61 series, the Frank Worrell Trophy is awarded to the winner of the Test series between Australia and West Indies.One of the two Halls of Residence at the University of the West Indies, Cave Hill Campus in Barbados is named after him.

Caribbean journalist Ernest Eytle wrote a biography of Worrell titled "Frank Worrell: The Career of a Great Cricketer" in 1963.

In June 1988 Worrell was celebrated on the $2 Barbadian stamp along with the Barbados Cricket Buckle.

West Indies cricket team

The West Indian cricket team, also known as the West Indies or the Windies, is a multi-national cricket team. They are a sporting group of 15 mainly English-speaking Caribbean countries, British dependencies and non-British dependencies.

From the mid 1970s to the early 1990s, the West Indies team was one of the strongest in the world in both Test and One Day International cricket. A number of cricketers among the best in the world have played for the West Indies. Sir Garfield Sobers, Lance Gibbs, Gordon Greenidge, George Headley, Clive Lloyd, Malcolm Marshall, Andy Roberts, Alvin Kallicharran, Rohan Kanhai, Frank Worrell, Everton Weekes, Curtly Ambrose, Michael Holding, Joel Garner and Sir Viv Richards are in the ICC Hall of Fame. World-record holder Brian Lara was a West Indies Test player.

The West Indies won the ICC Cricket World Cup twice, in 1975 and 1979. They won the ICC Champions Trophy in 2004. They were runners up in the Under 19 Cricket World Cup in 2004. They were semi finalists in the ICC World Twenty20 in 2009. They were the first cricket team to win the World Cup twice. West Indies are also the first team to win back to back World Cups. West Indies is the first team to appear in three consecutive World Cup finals (1975, 1979 and 1983).

2007 Cricket World Cup

The 2007 ICC Cricket World Cup was the ninth edition of the ICC Cricket World Cup tournament. It took place in the West Indies from 13 March to 28 April 2007. It used the sport's One Day International format. There were a total of 51 matches played, three fewer than at the 2003 World Cup.

The 16 competing teams were first divided into four groups. The two best-performing teams from each group moved on to a "Super 8" format. From this, Australia, New Zealand, Sri Lanka and South Africa went to the semi-finals. Australia beat Sri Lanka in the final to win their third consecutive World Cup. 

Obadele Thompson

Obadele Thompson (born March 30, 1976) is a sprint athlete from Barbados. In 2000, he became the first Olympic medalist from Barbados. He won a bronze medal in the 100m race.

His fastest legal time in the 100 m is 9.87. He ran his personal best in the 200 m at 19.97 in 2000.

Born in Saint Michael, Thompson attended Harrison College. He then went to the University of Texas at El Paso, United States.

On February 21, 2007 Thompson announced his engagement to Marion Jones, then pregnant. The marriage took place on February 24, 2007 in North Carolina. Their first child together, son Amir, was born in July 2007. A daughter, Eva-Marie, was born in June 2009.

Ryan Brathwaite

Ryan Brathwaite (born June 6, 1988) is a track and field athlete from Barbados. He won the gold medal in the 110 metres hurdles at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics in Berlin.

DGM Barbados Open

The DGM Barbados Open is a senior (over 50s) men's professional golf tournament. It is played on the Caribbean island state of Barbados. It is the opening event on the European Seniors Tour. It is the only event on the tour that takes place in the Americas. The PGA European Tour organisation is based in the United Kingdom. Barbados is a former British colony. The tournament was first played in 2000. It is hosted by the Royal Westmoreland Golf Club. 

DGM Barbados Open

Royal Westmoreland Barbados Open

Hirotaka Takeuchi

Fewer than 30 people have climbed all 14 mountains.

European Seniors Tour

The European Seniors Tour is a professional tour for male golfers aged 50 and over. It is run by the PGA European Tour. The Tour started in 1992. The highest profile seniors event in Europe is the Senior British Open Championship.

The 2010 season added new events in Mauritius, Thailand, South Africa, England, the Netherlands, and France.

Southwest National Park

The Southwest National Park is a national park in the south-west of Tasmania, Australia. The park is the largest in Tasmania and is part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area.

The eastern side of the park is west of Hobart and the park stretches to the west and south coasts. This park covers most of the wilderness areas in Tasmania's south west. The park is well known for its untouched wilderness and remoteness. Weather in the park is can change quickly, and can be severe. The area has not been changed by humans. Evidence shows that Tasmanian Aborigines have visited the area for at least 25,000 years. European settlers have made a few trips into the park, but there has been very few long lasting settlements and little change to the natural environment. Within the area there is only one road, to the hydroelectricity township of Strathgordon. The southern and western parts the park can only be reached by foot, boat, or light aircraft.

The tiny town of Melaleuca in the extreme south-west has a runway for airplanes to land, and basic facilities for the National Parks Service.

Most of the park was created in 1955 and was first called Lake Pedder National Park. Over the following 35 years the park was made bigger and was renamed, reaching its present size in 1990. The original small Lake Pedder was flooded with the building of a dam on the Gordon River for hydroelectricity. The man made lake is also called Lake Pedder

The Melaleuca area is the summer breeding grounds of the highly endangered orange-bellied parrot .

There are two ways to reach the park by land: the Gordon River Road to the hydroelectricity township of Strathgordon and the Huon Highway to Cockle Creek. The southern and western areas of the park can only be reached by foot, boat, or light aircraft.
There are two main walking tracks cross the park. The Port Davey Track and the South Coast Track. The walks are generally for more experienced walkers, and take about ten to fourteen days to complete. A flight to or from Melaleuca may be arranged to split the walk, or for tourist access for day trips. Several more difficult walks also exist, including the Eastern and Western Arthur Ranges, Precipitous Bluff, the South West Cape, and Federation Peak. These are not suitable for inexperienced walkers, or for people traveling alone. Sea access to the park is from Port Davey and Bathurst Harbour.

Other National Parks and reserves in the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area are:


Pan Am Flight 103

Pan Am Flight 103 was a Pan American World Airways passenger flight that flew from London to New York City across the Atlantic Ocean. On 21 December 1988, the aeroplane flying this route was destroyed by a bomb. The explosion caused the plane to crash onto Lockerbie, Scotland. The crash killed everybody on the plane and eleven more people on the ground. The attack is also known as the Lockerbie bombing.

The aircraft was a Boeing 747–121 named "“Clipper Maid of the Seas”". The explosion killed all 243 passengers and 16 crew members. Eleven more people in Lockerbie were killed as large parts of the plane fell onto the town and crashed into houses. The total number of people killed in the disaster was 270. After many years of investigation, the attack was blamed on airline officials working for Libya's government. Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, a Libyan man, was convicted of murder over the attack, and later freed as he had terminal cancer. Megrahi died almost three years later. Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi was said to have ordered the attack.

The airplane that crashed was a Boeing 747–121, registered and named "Clipper Maid of the Seas" and it was 18 years old.

Flight 103 had originated at Frankfurt Airport, operated by Boeing 727. At London Heathrow Airport, the flight was the changed to a Boeing 747. The aircraft pushed back from the terminal at 18:04 and took off from runway 27R at 18:25, and took off to John F. Kennedy International Airport, and then to Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport.

At 19:02:44 Flight 103 disappeared from air traffic control, then at 19:02:50 then plane returned as five echos instead of one. A British Airways pilot, reported that he could see a huge fire on the ground. The explosion punched a 50-cm (20-inch) hole on the left side of the fuselage. As it descended, the fuselage broke up into smaller pieces, with the section attached to the wings landing first. 200,000 lb (91,000 kg) of jet fuel it contained, ignited, the resulting fireball destroyed several houses and tore a large crater through the center of Lockerbie killing 11 people on the ground.

All 259 passengers and crew and eleven people on the ground died in the crash. Of the 259 people on the plane 190 people were Americans, 43 were British, and many more were represented, with four or fewer passengers per country. Flight 103 was manned by Captain Jim MacQuarrie (55), First Officer Ray Wagner (52), and Flight Engineer Jerry Don Avritt (46). The cabin crew were from Czechoslovakia, the Dominican Republic, France, Norway, the Philippines, Spain, Sweden, West Germany, and the United States.

Bernt Carlsson

James Fuller

Paul Jeffreys

Matthew Gannon

Members of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution had destroyed the plane in retaliation for Iran Air Flight 655 being shot down by U.S. forces in the Persian Gulf the previous July.

Muammar Gaddafi admitted Libya's responsibility for the Lockerbie bombing and paid compensation to the victims' families in 2003, though he maintained that he never personally gave the order for the attack.


Payphone (song)

"Payphone" is a song performed by American pop rock band Maroon 5. It was released on April 17, 2012 under A&M/Octone Records in the United States. It was the lead single on the band's fourth studio album, "Overexposed", set to be released on June 26, 2012. The song was written by producer Benny Blanco, bandmates Adam Levine, James Valentine, and featured vocalist Wiz Khalifa. The song was recorded in southern Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.

The cover artwork or the track was leaked to the web over a newsletter on April 11, 2012 and featured similar varieties of colorful aspects from the band's upcoming fourth album's cover, which leaked a day prior on E! News. 

The song debuted at number-three on the Billboard Hot 100 singles' chart and later peaked at number-two. It also topped the Billboard Digital Songs chart in late April. 

A music video for the song has not been officially announced yet. However, featured rapper Wiz Khalifa said in a press conference that he would like the music video to be in a sutle setting where no people may be to relate to the lyrics of the song. 

Wren

The wrens are passerine birds in the mainly New World family Troglodytidae. There are about 80 species in about 20 genera. The Wren is also the shortest bird in Britain.

Originally, the word 'wren' was (and still is) used for the species found in Europe, western Asia and North Africa. The word came into English after a long history in the Germanic languages. The bird's scientific name is "Troglodytes troglodytes". When European biologists got to the Americas, they soon realised that the family of wrens has many species, and is mainly an American family of birds.

Most wrens are about 10 centimetres (4 inches) long, brown (both sexes), and has a short bill that curves slightly down. Its wings are round and it has a short tail.

Its song is a gushing burst of sweet music, loud and emphatic. It has an enormous voice for its size, ten times louder, weight for weight, than a cockerel. Its song may sometimes be confused for the dunnock, which has warble that is shorter and weaker. The wren's song also has trill sounds, which the dunnock does not. The male has a long and complex song, with a series of tinkling trills one after the other for seconds on end.

When this bird is annoyed or excited, its call runs into an emphatic "churr", like clockwork running down.


Vireo

The vireos () are a group of passerine birds that are mostly in the part of the New World. Their feathers are dull-colored and greenish, the smaller species slightly resembling wood warblers. New evidence from DNA places vireos as relatives of crows. Vireos are mostly shy.


Shrike

Shrikes are passerine birds of the family Laniidae. The family has 31 species in three genera. The family name, "Lanius", is derived from the Latin word for "butcher". Some shrikes were also known as "butcher birds" because of their feeding habits. This is because shrike sometimes sticks its prey on a thorn, as on a meat hook. This makes it easier for them to feed on it.

Most shrike species live in Eurasia and Africa, with just two breeding in North America. There are no members of this family in South America or Australia, although one species reaches New Guinea. 

The shrikes vary in the size of their ranges. Some species like the Great Grey Shrike range across the northern hemisphere, whereas Newton's Fiscal is restricted to the island of São Tomé.


Photoflash capacitor

A photo flash capacitor is a capacitor used in the flashes of cameras.

A camera flash works by applying short bursts of high voltage to a type of gas in a glass tube. The electrical energy required is small, but it has to be given very fast because since the flash doesn't last long. An ordinary battery cannot give such a high voltage or give it so fast, so a photo flash capacitor is used. An electronic circuit increases the battery voltage, and charges a capacitor. When the button is pressed, the capacitor releases the stored energy in about a thousandth of a second and makes a bright flash.

Information leakage

Information leakage is when secret information gets stolen.

With the development of the internet, the issue of information leakage has been more and more serious. The definition of an information leakage is that secret information is stolen by others through hacker’s attack, copying, sending, printing or screen shooting.

Most individual information leakages are caused by hackers. This can be prevented by through antivirus software. Most corporate information leakages are caused by people in the company. Preventing corporate information leakage is more difficult. In 2003, the FBI and the CSI did research, the result shows that only 30 percent of information leakage accidents are caused by people outside the organization. That is because people inside are familiar with the regulation and more likely to find the information. Encrypting the information is an important way to stop corporate information leakages.

Sistema Brasileiro de Televisão

Sistema Brasileiro de Televisão, or simply SBT is a Brazilian television network launched by Silvio Santos on 1981.

Rede Tupi, the channel 4 in São Paulo, began operations in 1950. In 1962 (when he began his first TV program), Silvio Santos produced his own programs on Tupi, TV Paulista and on Rede Globo beginning in 1965. Soon enough, he started plans to have his own television channel. His production company, Estudios Silvio Santos Cinema e Televisao, was successful on Tupi, Globo and (since 1972) on Record (where he then owned half of the company's stock).

In 1976, with help from humorist and friend Manuel de Nóbrega (who had a show on Rede Globo and was part of "Baú da Felicidade"), Santos obtained a license for his own station: Rio de Janeiro's channel 11, known as "TV Studios" or "TVS". Soon after its launch, its flagship program ("Programa Silvio Santos" on Sundays) plus the late night "Silvio Santos Diferente" on weekdays began to be broadcast (Santos left Globo the same year). Other programs soon began, as the network gained support from city residents who sought an alternative to Globo, Tupi, Bandeirantes and TV Rio (the city's network, related to TV Record along with TVS). The new channel debuted on 14 May 1976, with a logo of a gold circle with the number 11 slanted in gold, which featured in the first Scanimate idents and promos for the channel - making it a pioneer station in the country when it came to computer animation. While during its early years the network studios were based in Rio, all program production for TVS transferred to São Paulo in 1978–79.

When Rede Tupi went out of business in 1980, Santos obtained three stations from the network: the São Paulo's channel 4, the Porto Alegre's channel 5 and the Belém's channel 5. The SBT was created, launching on 19 August 1981, but using the TVS name until 1990 for some of its stations. Until the formation of the SBT, the Silvio Santos Group also had a station named TVS in Nova Friburgo, serving viewers in the northern and western parts of the state, this was also its first branch station, having opened in 1979.

In 1978, Minas Gerais' TV Alterosa became one of the SBT's broadcast-affiliate networks, the first affiliate station for the channel. Some later affiliates were adopted from Rede Tupi after its closure on 18 July 1980, by order of Brazilian Minister of Communications Haroldo de Matos, who the following year would order SBT to begin transmissions. When Tupi closed, "Programa Silvio Santos" moved to Record but continued simulcasting Sundays on the TVS Channels 11 and 3, as well as on yet another SS Group station - Channel 9, purchased from TV Continental. Santos began the network's expansion efforts, convincing stations to become the SBT and Record affiliates. The official launch of the network on 19 August 1981, also marked the debut of its first presentation package using its famous circle logo (similar to the one used till today by the American Broadcasting Company) and dual branding (the SBT being the official name of the network while TVS being the station branding in its three founding stations), and it was the only network launch to be held in Brasilia and broadcast directly from the federal capital city. The first idents were similar to ABC's "Still the One" idents of 1979, used by the Nine Network in Australia in 1980.

The Matos decision also gave the network the Sumare studios of Tupi for drama production. By the time of the 1981 launch the SBT had 18 affiliate channels nationwide.

During the 1980s, the SBT established itself, contracting popular hosts and airing a mix of its own and Televisa programming (especially Mexican "telenovelas" and comedy shows such as "El Chavo del Ocho" and "El Chapulín Colorado"). It climbed to second place in the Brazilian ratings (except in Rio de Janeiro, where Rede Manchete occupied that position). Moreover, it hosted the Brazilian version of "Bozo" for kids plus even let ex-Tupi program presenters bring their shows over to the fledgling network.

The SBT, together with Record (under the SBT/Record pool) broadcast the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, two years before its 1986 FIFA World Cup coverage.

1985 would see the SBT score a historic victory with the broadcast of the Australian miniseries "The Thorn Birds", and TVS Channel 4 São Paulo became SBT Channel 4 São Paulo, thus becoming a truly national network with the introduction of satellite broadcasts.

In March 1986, the network premiered its new talk show, "Hebe", with Hebe Camargo as host; the show was formerly on Rede Tupi and Rede Bandeirantes. It became one of the network's longest-running programs, running for over 24 years; the final show was at the end of 2010, when Camargo ended her contract. She had a spin-off show, "Hebe por Elas" ("Hebe for All"), during the early 1990s. The death of Flavio Cavacante, one of the network's pioneer presenters, just days after his 22 May episode of his own program shocked the nation so much that on the day of his funeral the network started transmissions only in the afternoon in his honor.

In 1987, Santos pursued a better-quality program lineup, while trying to attract a larger audience and better advertisers. During that year (in response to the high popularity of Rede Globo's "Xou da Xuxa" on weekdays), SBT began increasing its child-oriented programming with programs such as "Oradukapeta", "Show Maravilha" and the "Do Re Mi" series. Nearly all SBT kids' programs had female presenters (different from the format of "Xou da Xuxa"), because "Oradukapeta" was hosted by Sergio Mallandro (also a "Show de Calorous" judge).

The network also launched its slogan ""Quem procura, acha aqui"", modeled on NBC's three-year "Be There" campaign project from 1983 to 1985. The slogan lasted for three seasons, with a new promo each year. The theme used each year corresponded to NBC's theme for its project:


Even all program adverts were also modeled on the NBC ones, with the 1989-90 edition seeing the program talents saying the day the program will be aired followed by the phrase "No SBT" (On SBT) with the program time being shown, this style was carried on to 1990.

1987 also was the year that the network began to change its corporate branding from TVS to the SBT, and the 2nd year of its "QPAA" campaign resulted in the logo being relaunched, now with slanted colors on the circle (similar to ABC's 1987-88 logo and its "Something's Happening on ABC" campaign).

Humorist Jô Soares was brought in from TV Globo in 1988, introducing a late-night talk program to Brazilian TV with his 11:30 PM show entitled "Jô Soares Onze e Meia". Also signed was Boris Casoy, who became the first news anchor in Brazil with his "TJ Brasil" newscast (which succeeded "Noticentro", the network's first newscast with Antonio Casale) and ex-Balão Mágico member Simony.

In 1988, Santos prevented host "Gugu" Liberato from signing with Globo after Liberato hosted the SBT's big weekend hit "Viva a Noite" since 1986. This was widely seen as indicative that Gugu would be Santos' successor on Sunday afternoons, reinforced by the extended timeslot of Gugu's future program "Domingo Legal". As a result, "Programa Sílvio Santos" adopted the dual-presenter format, with Gugu hosting segments such as the Brazilian version of Double Dare, called "Passa ou Repassa" (known for its "Torta na Cara" segment) and "Cidade contra Cidade".

The TVS brand was merged into the SBT brand in 1990; the name change was seen in a new campaign ad modeled on NBC's ""Come Home to NBC"" campaign of 1986–87, which premiered early that year, and in August on TV station identifications celebrating SBT's ninth year of broadcasts (that year, Silvio Santos sold Record as a national network) and it also broadcast the 1990 FIFA World Cup. 1991 saw the beginning of its newscast "Aqui Agora" and Serginho Groisman's "Programa Livre" variety show, just a few of the many successes for the year even as the network's São Paulo studios suffered damages due to massive floods that hit the city. In 1992, the SBT and Rede Globo (together with Manchete, Band, and SporTV) jointly broadcast the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics (together with Manchete, Record, Band, SporTV, and ESPN) nationwide, with a grand advertising campaign for the Brazil national team. Despite problems and even the transfer of talents to other stations (such as the then resurgent Rede Record), the 90s proved to be a boom for the network, beginning its second decade with 74 affiliates, bigger when it signed on.

The SBT invested in its own "telenovelas" and remakes of successful ones from foreign networks (most notably Chiquititas), variety programs, news and current affairs, and broadcast rights for sporting events (including the Copa Mercosur, Copa do Brasil and Champ Car). It signed host Carlos "Ratinho" Massa in 1998, obtained more Mexican productions and launched game shows (such as "Show do Milhão") in 1999. By the end of the decade the SBT held second place in the Brazilian ratings, after Globo, strengthed by a brand new and technologically advanced television complex, the CDT da Anhanguera, inaugurated in 1996, just in time for its 15th anniversary.

The 1990s were the SBT's most fruitful decade for American-style ad campaigns:


The SBT began the decade investing in movies, broadcasting a package of Disney (now affiliated with TV Globo) and Time Warner productions (the latter promoted in a one-hour network block). In 2001, the controversial reality show "Casa dos Artistas", accused by many of being a copy of Endemol's "Big Brother", marked the first time SBT led the Sunday-night ratings, aside from its "Domingo Legal" program becoming no.1 in the Sunday afternoon ratings.

Since 2003, with the ratings advances of Record and Rede Bandeirantes, the SBT's ratings have declined. Two events that year marked the beginning of its problems:

Since then the SBT has aired the successful "Rebelde" and shows with child host Maisa Silva, who became popular; however, programs could change without previous announcement (even hosts were sometimes out of the loop), confusing the audience. In 2006 SBT celebrated its 25th anniversary in a deepening crisis.

The SBT is the second-largest network in the country, vying for leadership with Rede Record. The CDT da Anhanguera is the second-largest television-production center in Brazil, behind Projac (owned by Rede Globo). Over 5,000 employees work around the clock at the SBT's 110 TV stations.
In 2008 the network lost second place in the ratings to Record, but tied for second place the following year.
In 2009 Liberato moved to Record after more than 20 years with the SBT; at the same time, the SBT signed presenters Roberto Justus and Eliana from Record. It also appeared on SKY Brasil, the last of the five major Brazilian networks to do so.

Recent programs include "What's Your Talent", a local combination of "Britain's Got Talent" and "Show de Calouros" (created and hosted by Silvio Santos during the 1970s); a Brazilian version of "1 vs. 100"; an annual telethon, which raised R$19 million in 2009; "Kyle XY"; the reality show "Solitary"; "Smallville", "Grey's Anatomy" and "De Frente with Gabi", a talk show featuring journalist Marilia Gabriela.

TV Alagoas left the network in September 2009 and to broadcast religious programs, and SBT executive director William Stoliar sued to ensure the network's availability there. It returned to the SBT on June 1, 2010, due to viewer pressure and late rent payments by religious programs.

In February 2014 the Communist Party of Brazil sends to the Federal Government a questioning, for which he cut around 75 million dollars in advertising the broadcaster, because of criticism that the journalist Rachel Sheherazade makes against the Government.

While the network at large suffered from the effects of the COVID pandemic in the country, it found a renewed calling in sports. One after the other, the network pursued new sporting investments when it snagged the broadcasting rights for the Campeonato Carioca 2020 grand final, followed by a renewed commitment to the Copa Liberatores for the 2020–22 period. In 2021, left and right came contracts after contracts for sports broadcasts with SBT getting the nod as broadcaster to the 2021 Copa America, and a number of arena football and futsal events - a first in network history as SBT marked its 40th anniversary. Buoyed by the sporting successes against the competition the network revived its sports newscasts: "Arena SBT", which originally premiered in 2014, returned in 2020, followed by the launch the following year of "SBT Sports".

Doug Savant

Jeremy Renner (born June 21, 1964) is an American actor. He is known for his role in the television "Desperate Housewives".

Lynda Carter

Lynda Jean Carter (born July 24, 1951) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for being Miss USA (1973) and as the star of the 1970s television series "Wonder Woman" (1975–77) and "The New Adventures of Wonder Woman" (1977–79).


Australia national cricket team

The Australian cricket team is the national cricket team of Australia. It is the joint oldest team in Test cricket. They were in the first Test match in 1877. The team also plays One Day International cricket and Twenty20 International. They were in the first ODI, against England in the 1970–71 season. They were in the first Twenty20 International, against New Zealand in the 2004–05 season. They won both games.

The Australian team has played 859 Test matches, winning 408, losing 231, drawing 218 and tying two. Australia ranked the number-one team overall in Test cricket in terms of overall wins, win-loss ratio and wins percentage. Australia is ranked fourth in the ICC Test Championship behind England, South Africa and India. They led the Test rankings for a record time of 74 months from 2003 to 2009.

Australia has played 982 ODI matches, winning 596, losing 343, tying nine and with 34 ending in no-result. They have led the ICC ODI Championship since it started for all but 48 days in 2007. Australia made a record six World Cup final appearances (1975, 1987, 1996, 1999, 2003 and 2007). They have won the World Cup a record four times in total; 1987 Cricket World Cup, 1999 Cricket World Cup, 2003 Cricket World Cup and 2007 Cricket World Cup. Australia is the first team to be in 4 consecutive World Cup finals (1996, 1999, 2003 and 2007).

The team was undefeated in 34 consecutive World Cup matches until 19 March at the 2011 Cricket World Cup. There Pakistan beat them by 4 wickets. Australia won the ICC Champions Trophy twice – in 2006 and in 2009 – making them the first and the only team to become back to back winners in the Champions Trophy tournaments. The team has also played 177 Twenty20 Internationals.

Twenty20 International

A Twenty20 International (T20I) is a form of cricket which is played over 20 overs per side between two national cricket teams. The game is played under the rules of Twenty20 cricket. The first Twenty20 International took place on 17 February 2005. Australia defeated New Zealand by 44 runs at Eden Park in Auckland. The International Cricket Council gave rankings for the shortest format of the game on October 24, 2011 with England at top.

The nations are listed below with the date of each nation's Twenty20 International debut shown in brackets.


Reynaldo Hahn

Reynaldo Hahn (August 9, 1874 – January 28, 1947) was a French composer, conductor, music critic and diarist (he wrote a diary). He was famous for his songs. He wrote the music (which was considered "insipid") for the ballet "Le Dieu bleu". The ballet was a failure and the music was blamed.

Gaussian elimination

In mathematics, Gaussian elimination (also called row reduction) is a method used to solve systems of linear equations. It is named after Carl Friedrich Gauss, a famous German mathematician who wrote about this method, but did not invent it.

To perform Gaussian elimination, the coefficients of the terms in the system of linear equations are used to create a type of matrix called an augmented matrix. Then, elementary row operations are used to simplify the matrix. The three types of row operations used are:

The goal of Gaussian elimination is to get the matrix in "row-echelon form". If a matrix is in row-echelon form, that means that reading from left to right, each row will start with at least one more zero term than the row above it. Some definitions of Gaussian elimination say that the matrix result has to be in "reduced row-echelon form". That means that the matrix is in row-echelon form and the only non-zero term in each row is 1. Gaussian elimination that creates a reduced row-echelon matrix result is sometimes called Gauss-Jordan elimination.

Suppose the goal is to find the answers to this system of linear equations.
First, the system needs to be turned into an augmented matrix. In an augmented matrix, each linear equation becomes a row. On one side of the augmented matrix, the coefficients of each term in the linear equation become numbers in the matrix. On the other side of the augmented matrix are the constant terms each linear equation is equal to. For this system, the augmented matrix is:

Then, row operations can be done on the augmented matrix to simplify it. The table below shows the row reduction process on the system of equations and on the augmented matrix.

The matrix is now in row-echelon form. This is also called "triangular form".
The matrix is now in reduced row-echelon form. Reading this matrix tells us that the solutions for this system of equations occur when x = 2, y = 3, and z = -1.

Bronislava Nijinska

Bronislava Nijinska (8 January 1891 [old style 27 December 1890] – 22 February 1972) was a Russian ballerina, choreographer, and teacher of Polish descent. Her parents were dancers. She was one of three siblings and the sister of the famous ballet dancer, Vaslav Nijinsky. 

When she was very young, Nijinska learned to dance at home. Her parents taught her Polish, Hungarian, Italian, and Russian folk dances. Her father also taught her some acrobatics. This helped her later with her choreography. 

She was only four years old when she made her debut in a Christmas program with her brothers in Nizhny Novgorod. Nijinska trained with the Italian dancer, Enrico Cecchetti, before joining the Imperial Ballet School in 1900. She was a student there until 1908. Her teachers were Nicolai Legat and Mikhail Fokine.

She danced with the Imperial Ballet in St. Petersburg and the Ballets Russes. She was a choreographer for the Ballets Russes, with important modernist dance titles to her credit: "Les Noces" (1923), "Le Train Bleu" (1924) and "Les Biches" (1924). She guided the re-creation of these works in modern times.

She died in Pacific Palisades, California. She was twice married and had two children.

Federico de Madrazo y Ochoa

Federico de Madrazo y Ochoa (1875 – 1935) was a Spanish painter working in and around Madrid. He was part of a famous family of Spanish artists which included his father Raimundo de Madrazo, his uncle Ricardo de Madrazo y Garreta, his grandfather, Federico de Madrazo y Kuntz, and his great grandfather José de Madrazo. He worked together with Jean Cocteau to write a ballet, the "Le Dieu bleu" ("The Blue God"), in 1912 for Serge Diaghilev's Ballets Russes. Music for the ballet was composed by Reynaldo Hahn.

Madea's Witness Protection

Madea's Witness Protection is a comedy-drama movie. It was directed, written, and produced by Tyler Perry. The movie is about Madea taking care of a White American family who are in being protected by the FBI. The movie was filmed from January to March 2012. The movie was released in the United States on June 29, 2012.

2012 in movies

This is a list of movies that were released in the United States in 2012.

The top ten films released in 2012 by worldwide gross are as follows:


Giant antshrike

The giant antshrike ("Batara cinerea") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It belongs to the genus Batara. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, and Paraguay. This species is the largest species of antbird, measuring 34 cm long and weighing around 150 g.

Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical forests.



Pygmy antwren

The pygmy antwren ("Myrmotherula brachyura") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.

The Pygmy Antwren is the smallest of the antbirds. It usually weighs only 7 g (0.25 oz).



Ant-follower

The ant-follower is a bird which feeds by following army ants. They take the prey that the ants have. The best known ant-followers are 18 species of antbird in the family Thamnophilidae, but there are other families as well, such as cuckoos.

Tropical Storm Beryl

Tropical Storm Beryl was a strong Atlantic tropical storm. It was the second tropical cyclone of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season. Beryl formed on May 26 from a low-pressure system. This system was near the East Coast of the United States. It was described as a subtropical storm. However, it slowly became stronger and was upgraded to a tropical storm on May 27. It upgraded because it moved to warmer water. Beryl is responsible for floods in Cuba. This caused a mudslide that left two people missing. Beryl caused rough surf to beaches in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina. In South Carolina, one person was reported missing.


Collared antshrike

The collared antshrike ("Thamnophilus bernardi") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.
It is found in Ecuador and Peru.



Thamnophilus

Thamnophilus is a genus of antbird in the family Thamnophilidae. The species in this genus are commonly known as antshrikes. The Collared Antshrike ("Thamnophilus bernardi") is one of the species.

Dot-winged antwren

The dot-winged antwren ("Microrhopias quixensis"), also known as the velvety antwren, is a passerine bird in the antbird family. It is found in tropical Central and South America from southeastern Mexico south to western Ecuador, northern Bolivia and central Brazil. The male dot-winged antwren is blackish, while the female has brownish underparts. It is the only member of the genus "Microrhopias".


Flag of Belarus

The current national flag of Belarus was introduced on June 7, 1995. This new design replaced a historical flag used by the Belarusian People's Republic of 1918. The current flag is a change of the 1951 flag.

The flag has a red upper stripe and a green lower stripe. A vertical red and white pattern is against the flagstaff.

National emblem of Belarus

The national emblem of Belarus replaced the historic Pahonia arms in 1995. It has a ribbon in the colors of the national flag, a map of Belarus, wheat ears and a red star. It is sometimes called the coat of arms of Belarus, but this is not correct.

Despite the fact that the Belarusians share a distinct ethnic identity and language, they never previously had a political sovereignty prior to 1991, except during a brief period in 1918 when the short-lived Belarusian People's Republic used the horseman as its emblem. The unique Belarusian national symbols were not created as a result of the foreign rule of the Belarusian territories by Prussia, Poland, Lithuania, and Russia until the 20th century.

Thaila Ayala

Thaila Ayala Sales (born April 14, 1986 in Presidente Prudente) is a Brazilian actress and model.

She played Marcela, the protagonist of the 14th season of the teen soap "". In 2006 she posed nude for the magazine Trip.

In 2007, she was photographed by Terry Richardson for the book, "Rio, Wonderful Town", released the same year. Subsequently, the release actress and model, who appears in a photo with the breast showing and biting her lip, claimed to be sorry that she participated in the book.

In 2011, she said that posing nude was "rape".

On 19 November 2011 she married actor Paulo Vilhena.

List of prime ministers of Belarus

This is a list of heads of government of Belarus from 1918 to the present.






Mikhail Myasnikovich

Mikhail Uladzimiravich Myasnikovich (born 6 May 1950) is a Belarusian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Belarus from 2010 to 2014. He was picked by President Alexander Lukashenko after the 2010 presidential election.

He graduated from the Brest Engineering and Construction Institute in 1972 and the Communist Party School in 1989 in Minsk. He has a PhD in economics. He speaks English. He has a son, daughter and two grandchildren.


Exodus (band)

Exodus is an American thrash metal band from Richmond, California. Exodus has five members in the band; the current band members are Steve Souza, Gary Holt, Lee Altus, Jack Gibson and Tom Hunting. Former guitarist Rick Hunolt is currently touring with Exodus and filling in for Gary Holt while Holt is filling in as a guitarist for Slayer after the death of Jeff Hanneman.

The band was formed in 1980 by band member Tom Hunting and now-former band members Kirk Hammett, Tim Agnello, Carlton Melson and Keith Stewart. The band is named after the 1958 novel, Exodus by Leon Uris.

Tim Agnello was later replaced with Gary Holt who has stayed in the band since. Kirk Hammett left in 1983 to join now-famous thrash metal band Metallica, and was eventually replaced by Rick Hunolt. Carlton Melson was eventually replaced by Rob McKillop, with Keith Stewart being replaced by Paul Baloff. With these members They released their debut album, "Bonded by Blood", on April 25, 1985, which is considered by many listeners to be the band's best album.

They then fired Paul Baloff and replaced him with Steve 'Zetro' Souza, and released two more albums, Pleasures Of The Flesh and Fabulous Disaster until signing to a major label and replacing Tom Hunting with John Tempesta. The band then released the album Impact Is Imminent, which was considered a disappointing album compared to Fabulous Disaster. Rob McKillop was replaced with Michael Butler and the band then released Force Of Habit. The songs on this album were a little slower than their previous songs. After touring for this album, Exodus broke-up as thrash metal was becoming less popular.

Gary Holt and Rick Hunolt reformed Exodus in 1997 and brought back members Tom Hunting and Paul Baloff, as well as adding new member Jack Gibson. They played shows throughout the year and released a live album called Another Lesson In Violence, and broke up again in 1998.

The band reformed again in 2001 with the same members as the previous reunion. Paul Baloff died from a stroke in 2002. Some people believed Exodus would break up again because of this. Instead, Steve Souza was invited to rejoin the band, and they released the Tempo of The Damned album in 2004 with his vocals.

Over a year, three members were replaced. Steve Souza left the band whilst they were touring in South America and was replaced with Rob Dukes. Rick Hunolt left to concentrate on his family life and was replaced with Lee Altus. Tom Hunting left due to nervous problems that made him leave in 1989 after the Fabulous Disaster album, and was replaced with Paul Bostaph.

Their first album since these replacements was Shovel Headed Kill Machine, in 2007, Paul Bostaph left and Tom Hunting returned to the band again, before releasing another album, The Atrocity Exhibition...Exhibit A. In 2008, the band re-recorded the songs from the Bonded By Blood album and released them on an album called Let There Be Blood. In 2010, the band released their next album, Exhibit B: The Human Condition.

Steve Souza has recently replaced Rob Dukes after his departure in 2014, becoming their frontman indefinitely. With this lineup, the band released the Blood In Blood Out record in 2014. They are currently touring the world, with the end date scheduled at 11/26/16.






Aozora Bunko

"Aozora Bunko" has digital copies of many out-of-copyright books.
Project Gutenberg is similar to "Aozora Bunko".
"Aozora Bunko" was established in 1997.

In 2006, "Aozora Bunko" became a public policy advocate for freely accessible e-books.



Prunus japonica

Prunus japonica (also "Cerasus japonica") is a shrub in the genus Prunus. It is also called Korean cherry, Flowering almond or Oriental bush cherry. It is used for ornamental use. Its range goes from Central China through to the Korean peninsula. "P. maximowiczii", the Miyama cherry is also often called Korean cherry.

The shrub reaches 1.5 m by 1.5 m. Its flowers are hermaphrodite. They are pollinated by insects. The plant blossoms in May. Its fruit reaches about 14 mm. It is used in making pies.

Every fruit has one seed. The plant usually grows from seed.

The leaves of this plant procure a green dye, while the fruit procures a greenish to grayish dye.

There are several varieties:

Delta Force

1st Special Forces Operational Detachment-Delta (1st SFOD-D) is a special forces unit of the United States Army. They are a highly secretive, highly elite unit that take part in very dangerous missions including counter-terrorism, hostage rescue, direct action, and more. Delta Force is highly elite in that it is not a unit that just anyone can apply for. Delta Force recruits primarily from the Army Special Forces (aka the Green Berets) and the 75th Ranger Regiment, themselves already elite special operations units. 

Basal ganglia

The basal ganglia (or basal nuclei) are three areas under the cerebral cortex. They are part of the cerebrum (forebrain), and connected to the midbrain and the thalamus. They are vital to movement, and damage here results in damaged ability to move. 

The three areas are:

The range of behaviours controlled by the nuclei is wide. They control eye movements. They do voluntary motor control, learning procedures for routine behaviors or "habits", and cognitive emotional functions. 

The basal ganglia also control motivation. They select actions, that is, the choice of what to do at a given time. Experimental studies show that the basal ganglia inhibit (suppress) a number of motor systems. A release of this inhibition lets a motor system act. This "behaviour switching" is influenced by signals from many parts of the brain, including the prefrontal cortex, which plays a key role in doing things.

The basal ganglia form one of the basic components of the forebrain, and can be recognized in all species of vertebrates. Even in the lamprey (one of the most primitive vertebrates) striatal, pallidal, and nigral elements can be identified by their anatomy and histochemistry.


William H. Seward

William Henry Seward (May 16, 1801–October 10, 1872) was an American politician. He was the 12th Governor of New York, and later a United States Senator. He was also the United States Secretary of State for two presidents, Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson. He was very much against slavery. He was an important person in the Republican Party when it was starting. Many people thought he would be nominated by the Republican Party to run for President of the United States in 1860, but that did not happen.

On the night that President Abraham Lincoln was killed, someone also tried to kill Seward. For the rest of his life, Seward had scars on his face from the attack. Later, the man who attacked him was caught and put to death.

When Seward was Secretary of State, he arranged for the United States to buy Alaska from Russia. People made fun of him for doing that. They called it "Seward's Folly". When asked what he thought was the most important thing he did as Secretary of State, Seward said "The purchase of Alaska—but it will take the people a generation to find it out".

Rosalind Franklin

Rosalind Franklin (Notting Hill, London, 25 July 1920 – London, 16 April 1958) was a British biophysicist. She was known for helping to discover the structure of DNA. Rosalind Franklin was about 15 years old when she knew that she wanted to become a scientist. She attended St. Paul's Girls' School and then continued school at Newham College in Cambridge. At Newham College she got a Ph.D in physical chemistry. She worked on coal, studies of RNA, and viruses. She was one of the first people to do X-ray crystallography on DNA. She also spent several years working in Paris studying crystals. [3] She discovered the size, shape, and arrangement of molecules. She dedicated her life to discovering more about molecules. 

In 1951, she moved to London. She joined a group of scientific researchers at King's College. Her assignment was to take pictures of DNA. She looked at the structure and function of DNA in the pictures. This job was very difficult because technology was simple at that time. During this job, Franklin worked with a man named Raymond Gosling. He was also trying to photograph the DNA. Franklin also had to work with Maurice Wilkins. The scientists had many arguments, but Franklin kept working. Instead of working with Wilkins, Franklin liked to work with Gosling. She created X-ray pictures that showed that DNA is shaped like a double helix.

In 1951, Franklin presented her idea about the shape of DNA at a conference. A biologist named James D. Watson went to her conference. Watson and Francis Crick were biologists. They were also studying the shape of DNA. They were building 3D examples of the helix shape.  

Watson and Crick used Franklin's work in their work to discover the structure of DNA. Their final model was presented in 1953. They did not say that Franklin's thoughts helped them complete their work. She also discovered the structure of the tobacco mosaic virus a couple of years before she died.

Franklin died from ovarian cancer in 1958. Nobel Prizes are not awarded after a person's death, so she was not considered for the 1962 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. It was awarded to Francis Crick, James D. Watson and Maurice Wilkins. 

Echo and Narcissus

Echo and Narcissus is a story from Ovid's book of poetry, "Metamorphoses", about a young man named Narcissus and Echo, the mountain nymph, or Oread, who fell in love with him.

Zeus had given Echo the task of entertaining his wife Hera with stories, in order that he might have time to slip away with nymphs. Hera was known for her jealous and vengeful nature. Always suspicious of Zeus, she thought Echo was the object of his affections. She cast a spell on the unfortunate nymph - from this day forward Echo would only be able to repeat the last words addressed to her and never speak her own words again. 

Narcissus, a hunter from Boeotia, got separated from his hunting companions one day in the woods. Echo feeling pitiful because of her curse, had been wandering those same woods. The moment she saw Narcissus walking through the forest, she fell in love with him and his breathtaking beauty. But because of Hera's curse, she was unable to tell him, so she followed the boy and waited for him to speak. Eventually, Narcissus began to call for his companions. Echo eagerly stepped out of the trees and repeated the words. A confusing and repetitive exchange ensued, ending with Narcissus shouting to his companions that they should come together. Mistaking this for an invitation, Echo repeated his words and leapt towards Narcissus. However, at that moment, Narcissus decided he'd rather die before letting a wood nymph have him, and pushed her away. Echo, heartbroken, ran away and hid in a cave, not eating or sleeping, just pining for Narcissus. 

After some time, Echo began to grow thin from starvation until her body withered away entirely into dust, leaving nothing but her voice. To this day Echo's voice still calls back from caves and labyrinths, repeating the last spoken words forever.

Nemesis, the goddess of revenge, punished Narcissus for not accepting the unrequited love of Echo. Nemesis caused him to fall in love with his own reflection he saw in a pool near the cave where Echo had died. Narcissus refused to leave the reflection of himself and, like Echo, starvation was going to claim him. But not before he cried out to his reflection: "Farewell, dear boy. Beloved in vain.". Echo's voice repeated "farewell" from the cave and Narcissus died by the bank of the pool. 

And thus ends the story of Echo and Narcissus. 

Laplace's equation

Laplace's equation is a partial differential equation, of the second order. It is named after Pierre-Simon Laplace, an 18th century mathematician who first described it. One of the uses of the equation is to predict the conduction of heat, another to model the conduction of electricity.

Gene Tierney

Gene Eliza Tierney (November 19, 1920 – November 6, 1991) was an American actress. She was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She starred in several movies including “The Shanghai Gesture” (1941) "Heaven Can Wait", "Laura", "Leave Her to Heaven", "The Razor's Edge", "The Ghost and Mrs. Muir", "Whirlpool", "The Mating Season" and "The Left Hand of God".

Tierney was born on 19 November 1920. She was born into a wealthy Brooklyn family. On a family vacation she toured the Warner Brothers studio and was spotted by director Anatole Litvak. After a screen test she was offered a contract. But her father disapproved of her becoming a Hollywood actress. He finally approved of her acting on the Broadway stage if she would first make her society debut. She played several bit parts before again being noticed by Hollywood. She had a brief contract with Columbia Pictures but returned to Broadway. Her first break was in the play "The Male Animal" as a college cheerleader. This time 20th Century Fox wanted to sign her to a contract. They allowed her creative control over her parts and she could return to act on Broadway every year.

She played a newspaperwoman in love with an outlaw (played by Henry Fonda) in the Western "The Return of Frank James". She was then cast in a variety of roles before getting top billing on her own. Her first lead role came in the movie "Heaven can Wait" also starring Don Ameche. She then starred in the Film noir "Laura". This was followed by a second film noir, "Leave her to Heaven". Starring with Tyrone Power, she played the female lead in "The Razor's Edge". Also appearing with Victor Mature and Ona Munson 

After her marriage to Howard she did only two more films before retiring. Tierney's autobiography was published in 1979. As an actor she had been a heavy smoker, probably to lower her voice. On 6 November 1991 Tierney died of emphysema in Houston, Texas. She is buried in Glenwood Cemetery in Houston, next to her husband, W. Howard Lee. 


Thalamus

The thalamus is a symmetrical structure in the brains of vertebrates. It is between the cerebral cortex and midbrain.

It relays sensory and motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and regulates consciousness, sleep, and alertness.

The thalamus sits above the hypothalamus, and below the cerebral cortex. It is a collection of nuclei with various functions. It acts as a relay station, gathering sense information of all kinds (except olfactory) and passes it on to the cerebral cortex.

There are action systems for several types of behaviour, including eating, drinking, defecation, and copulation. These behaviours satisfy short-term needs, and are called 'consummatory' behaviours.

The thalamus has many functions. First of all, it acts as a relay station, or hub. It relays information between subcortical areas and the cerebral cortex. In particular, every sensory system except smelling has a thalamic nucleus that receives sensory signals and sends them to the related areas in the cortex. For example, for sight, inputs from the retina are sent to the thalamus, which in turn sends them to the visual cortex in the occipital lobe.

The thalamus is believed to process sensory information as well as to relay it: each of the main sensory relay areas gets strong feedback from the cerebral cortex. 

The thalamus also plays an important role in regulating states of sleep and wakefulness. Thalamic nuclei have strong connections with the cerebral cortex. These circuits are believed to be involved with consciousness. The thalamus plays a major role in regulating arousal, the level of awareness, and activity. Damage to the thalamus can lead to permanent coma.

The thalamus has a role in the basal ganglia system but this is poorly understood. The thalamus has been thought of as a "relay" that just forwards signals to the cerebral cortex. But research suggests that thalamus is more selective. Many different functions are linked to regions of the thalamus. This is the case for most sensory systems (except the olfactory system), such as the auditory, somatic sensory system, visceral, eating and visual systems. There specific lesions cause specific sensory deficits. A big role of the thalamus is to support the motor and language systems. Much of the circuitry for these systems is shared with the thalamus. The thalamus is "functionally connected" to the hippocampus. This is part of the hippocampal system which is crucial for human episodic event memory.

The information for motor control is a network involving the thalamus as a subcortical motor center. In the brains of primates, the thalamus provides the specific channels from the basal ganglia and cerebellum to the cortical motor areas. In an investigation of the eye movement motor response in three monkeys, the thalamic regions were found to cause antisaccade eye-movement. That is the ability to inhibit the reflexive jerking movement of the eyes in the direction of a presented stimulus. They still look in the direction of the stimulus, but do so in a more controlled manner.

Recent research suggests that the mediodorsal (MD) thalamus may "amplify the connectivity (signaling strength) of just the circuits in the cortex needed for the current context. This helps the flexibility (of the mammalian brain) to make complex decisions by wiring the many associations on which decisions depend into weakly connected cortical circuits". Researchers founds that "enhancing MD activity magnified the ability of mice to "think". This lowered by more than 25 percent their error rate in deciding which conflicting sensory stimuli to follow to find the reward".

In short, the thalamus helps to make mammals more effective at making decisions and living in their natural environment.

The thalamus is a key area which is involved in what is known as the "half-second delay". This is a perceptual illusion which has only recently been discovered. The discovery is as follows: we perceive events in the world as instantaneous. They happen when we see (hear, sense) them happening. But the processing of visual signals at least is what the thalamus does. Experientially, we see events happening (so we think) without any delay. But in reality "it takes half a second for the brain to organise the data" which comes in from, let us say, vision. But we do not sense that half-second delay at all. Our perception of events is that we see them as they happen.

All this applies to consciousness and conscious behaviour. Automatic responses to sudden pain happen instantaneously (bare foot on a pin for example). But they are actually perceived a moment later.

Saint Vitus (band)

Saint Vitus is an American doom metal band. Many consider Saint Vitus to be an influential doom metal band which helped start the genre in the late 1970s and early 1980s, along with their contemporaries Pentagram, Witchfinder General, Trouble and Candlemass.

Saint Vitus formed in Los Angeles, California in 1978. Their original lineup was Scott Reagers (vocals), Dave Chandler (guitarist), Mark Adams (drums) and Armando Acosta (drums). Saint Vitus was known as Tyrant until 1980, when they changed their name to their current name Saint Vitus, which was inspired by the song "St. Vitus' Dance" by Black Sabbath, a band they have cited as one of their major influences.

Around 1983, Greg Ginn of Black Flag signed Saint Vitus to his label SST Records and the band managed to record their first album, which is self-titled. It came out in 1984, and later that year, the embarked on their first-ever tour with Black Flag, another band that Saint Vitus is influenced by and would latercover their song "Thirsty and Miserable" for their 1987 EP with the same title. Their second album "Hallow's Victim" and the "The Walking Dead" EP were both released in 1985.

Saint Vitus experienced their first lineup change when Scott "Wino" Weinrich replaced Reagers on vocals in 1986. They would achieve moderate success with the next three albums, including "Born Too Late", which has been cited as their best-selling release, but they were never able to become a popular band. Weinrich eventually left the band in 1991 to focus on the reunion of The Obsessed, which was his band before he joined Saint Vitus. He was replaced by Chritus Linderson, who sang on "C.O.D." (1992), the sixth Saint Vitus studio album, before he left the band.

In 1994, Saint Vitus reunited with their original singer Scott Reagers. With him, the band recorded their seventh studio album "Die Healing" (1995) and then broke up in 1996. The band reunited twice, in 2003 and 2008, with the "Born Too Late" lineup. After 31 years in the band, Acosta left Saint Vitus in 2009 and was replaced by Henry Vasquez. This new incarnation recently completed a new album, entitled "Lillie: F-65", which was released on April 27, 2012.

Saint Vitus' full-length studio albums include:


Their other recordings include "The Walking Dead" and "Thirsty and Miserable" EPs (released in 1985 and 1987 respectively), the live album "Live" (1990) and the compilation album "Heavier Than Thou" (1991).

Chris Gayle

Christopher Henry Gayle (born 21 September 1979) is a Jamaican cricketer. He played for the Worcestershire Country Cricket Club, the Western Warriors, and the Kolkata Knight Riders. He now plays for the Royal Challenger Bangalore in the Indian Premier League. In the Big Bash League, he represents the Sydney Thunder. In the Bangladesh Premier League, he represents the Barisal Burne. He plays for Kings XI Punjab in Indian Premier League.

Fates Warning

Fates Warning is an American progressive metal band. They formed in 1982 and are from Hartford, Connecticut. Many people say they are pioneers. Fates Warning gained fame in the 1980s and was ranked as one of the early "flagship bands of progressive metal" along with Queensrÿche and Dream Theater, who are both credited for creating, developing and making that genre popular.

Fates Warning is not only known for their music, but they are known to have made many changes to their lineup (members). Their original lineup consisted of vocalist John Arch, guitarists Jim Matheos and Victor Arduini, bassist Joe DiBiase, and drummer Steve Zimmerman. From 1982 to 1996 — and temporarily in 2010 — Matheos and DiBiase remained as the only original members of the band, with Matheos being the only constant member. Fates Warning now consists of Matheos on guitar, Ray Alder on vocals and Joey Vera on bass. Bobby Jarzombek has been their drummer since 2007, but only plays live with them.

Fates Warning has released a total of ten studio albums. Other than the studio albums, they have released two live albums, one compilation album, one VHS, three DVDs (each of them features live concerts) and four demo tapes. Their two first albums were not very successful. Their next album, "Awaken the Guardian", became a mainstream success and peaked at number #191 on the "Billboard" 200. It became the first album released on their label Metal Blade to enter that chart. Despite the departure of original singer John Arch, Fates Warning's popularity continued to grow with their next three albums, "No Exit" (1988), "Perfect Symmetry" (1989) and "Parallels" (1991); the first two peaked at #111 and #141 on the "Billboard" 200 respectively. Fates Warning has not released an album since 2004's "FWX". They have been working on a new one, which they plan to release in 2012.

Their full-length studio albums include:

Flush

Flush has several meanings:



Concepción Province, Chile

The Province of Concepción () is one of the 4 provinces in the Biobío Region, with capital based in Concepción, part of the Greater Concepción conurbation.

Psychological warfare

The term psychological warfare is used to describe methods that military use in war-time. We may understand it as an attempt to influence the behavior/beliefs of enemy armed forces and/or foreign civilian populations. Psychological warfare has many similarities with propaganda messages.

The term "pychological warfare" has always been considered problematic and offensive. The use of military power is increasingly not any more on the level of an local armored conflict, but on the global basis using mass media. The NATO uses the term "psychological operation" (PSYOP).

People are trying not to use the term "psychological warfare". They would rather use terms like "stabilisation" or "satisfaction".

Psychological warfare has mostly been introduced in the second world war. Both Axis Powers and Allied used it.




Ranidae

The Ranidae or true frogs can be found in most countries except Antarctica. The true frogs can be found in North America, northern South America, Europe, Asia, Madagascar, Africa, East Indies, New Guinea, and Australia. The bullfrog is the largest true frog in North America. Usually, true frogs are smooth, moist-skinned frogs, with large, powerful legs and have webbed feet. The smallest true frogs are the Wood frog ("Rana sylvatica"). The largest is the Goliath frog ("Conraua goliath"). True frogs are semi-aquatic frogs. They live near water.

Subfamilies included under Ranidae are the following. Some are sometimes treated as separate families:



Black Butler

Black Butler is a manga series by Yana Toboso. The manga started in 2006. 

In Victorian era London, the butler Sebastian Michaelis takes care of his 12 year old master, Ciel Phantomhive. Ciel is the earl of the aristocratic Phantomhive family, which is well-known in England for be the Queen's Guarddogs. Ciel's parents were killed in arson when he was 10 years old. He made a deal with a demon (which is in fact his butler Sebastian) to help him get revenge on his enemies. The demon butler can have his soul in return.

A radio drama was released on CDs on August 10, 2007 and November 26, 2008. The anime was first shown in October 2008. The English version is produced by Funimation. Two musicals are based on the manga called "That Butler, Friendship" and " Musical Black Butler, The Most Beautiful Death in The World, A Thousand Souls and The Fallen Grim Reaper". A video game called "Black Butler: Phantom & Ghost" was released in 2009. 

The manga has printed over 10 million copies in Japan. A music distributor in Japan took a poll of anime characters that people would like to marry. The demon butler Sebastian was included in the final results.

Australian green tree frog

The Australian green tree frog (green tree frog in Australia, White's tree frog, or dumpy tree frog), "Litoria caerulea", is a species of tree frogs. They live in Australia and New Guinea. 

The green tree frog was imported onto ships to the United States and New Zealand. The species belongs to the genus "Litoria". The species magnificent tree frog ("Litoria splendida") and the giant tree frog ("Litoria infrafrenata") are similar to the green tree frog. The green tree frog is the largest frog in Australia. It can reach to 10 centimeters (4 inches) in length. 

The average lifespan is about sixteen years, if kept captive. Green tree frogs are easy to take care of. They are okay with living near human buildings. They are often found on windows or inside houses. The green tree frog screams when it is in danger. It does this to scare off animals that have threatened them. The green tree frog squeaks when it is touched. The green tree frog is known as the most recognizable frog in Australia. This is because of how the frog looks like and because of its behavior in its habitat. It is also a popular exotic pet throughout the world. The frog's skin has antibacterial and antiviral protections. Their skin may be useful for medication in treating patients in the future.

The green tree frog is one of many tree frog species of the genus "Litoria". They are native in Australasia. The common name of the species is "White's tree frog". The species were named after John White. He first described the species in 1790. The green tree frog was the first frog to be classified in Australia. The specimen of the green tree frog was collected by Sir Joseph Banks. It was destroyed during the German bombing of the Hunterian Museum during World War II. The museum was located at the Royal College of Surgeons in London.

The green tree frog was first called the "blue frog" ("Rana caerulea"). The original specimens White sent to England were damaged by the preservative and looked blue. The color of the frog is caused by blue and green pigments covered in a yellow layer. The preservative destroyed the yellow layer. It left the frog looking blue. The word "caeruela", which means blue in Latin, is part of the green tree frog's scientific name. The frog is also more known as the "green tree frog". However, that name is often given to the larger green tree frog ("Hyla cinerea") in its region.

The green tree frog can reach 10 centimeters (4 inches) in length. The frog's color depends on the temperature and the color of its environment. The green tree frog can be brown or green. The frog's mouth is white. The frog may have small, white-shaped spots on its back. At the end of its toes, it has large discs. This gives the frog the ability to climb. The eyes are golden. The fingers of the frog have webbed feet for swimming. The tympanum membrane can be seen on the frog. 

The green tree frog looks similar to the magnificent tree frog ("Litoria spendida"). This frog is native to north-western Australia. The magnificent tree frog has large patrotoid and rostral glands on the head. The giant tree frog ("Litoria infrafrenata") is also sometimes confused with the green tree frog. The giant tree frog has white stripes. These stripes are on the edge of the frog's lower jaw. The green tree frog does not have these stripes.

The appearance of the green tree frog tadpole changes during its development. The tadpole can reach from 8.1 millimeters (after it has hatched) to 44 millimeters. The tadpole is brown, but it later changes to green during its development. The underside of the tadpole is dark. It changes to white when the tadpole is an adult frog. The eggs are brown, in a clear jelly. They are 1.1–1.4 millimeters in diameter. 

The green tree frog has lungs. They absorb oxygen through their skin. For this to happen, their skin has to be moist. However, their skin can get infected by pathogens. Pathogens will live on the frog's skin. This makes them sick. The frog will then grow peptides. These will destroy the pathogens. The skin of the Green Tree Frog has caerins. Caerins is a group of peptides with antibacterial and antivirial protection. It also has caerulins. The caerulins have physiological effects. The CCK-8 is a digestive hormone and hunger suppressant. Several peptides from the skin of the green tree frog have been found to destroy HIV without harming healthy T-cells.

The green tree frog is native to northern and eastern parts of Australia. They are also native to southern New Guinea. In New Guinea, the green tree frog lives in the drier area of the country. The frog can be found from Irian Jaya to Port Moresby. It also can be found on Daru Island. There has been records of the frog found in northern New Guinea. However, it is thought that they were introduced there by humans. The International Conservation Union (IUCN) believes the frog is in "scattered locations" in both New Guinea and Indonesia.

The species has been introduced to the United States and New Zealand. The frog can be found in the US state of Florida. It is believed that they were introduced through pet trade. There are only small populations in Florida. It is unknown if they have caused any ecological damage. In New Zealand, there were large populations of the green tree frog. However, there have been no sightings since the 1950s.

Green Tree Frogs are easy to take care of. They are active at night. During the day, they will rest near a place where it is cool, dark, and moist. In the winter, green tree frogs do not make calling sounds. They are also not seen that much.

Depending on their location, green tree frogs will live in several habitats. They are found in the canopy of trees. They are also found near slow-moving waters. They can also live in swamps or in the grasslands in cooler climates. green tree frogs are known to live inside houses. They can be found in sinks and toilets. They can also be found on windows. They will also live in tanks, downpipes, and gutters. They like living in those places because they provide high humidity. The habitats can also be cooler than their environment. The frogs will be near downpipes and tanks during mating season. They do this because the tools will make their call louder.

The species' call is a low, slow "Brawk-Brawk-Brawk". They repeat it many times. For most of the year, they will call while being on top of something that is very high. These include trees and gutters. During mating season, the frogs will call near a place where there is water. They will stay there for a little while or forever. Like many frogs, green tree frogs call to attract a mate. They will also use their call to warn other frogs that they are near. The green tree frog will make a stress call whenever they are in danger.

The green tree frogs will eat insects and spiders. However, they can also eat smaller frogs and even small mammals. The frog's teeth are not made for cutting up their prey. This means that the prey has to fit inside their mouths in order for the frog to eat it. Many frogs will stick out their tongues at prey. The green tree frog's tongues, as with many frogs, are very sticky. The prey will be stuck and will be eaten. The green tree frog will use their tongues on small prey. For larger prey, they will jump on top of it and force it into their mouths using their hands.

The frog has a few predators. They include snakes, a few species of lizards and birds. Dogs and cats have also been known to catch and eat Green Tree Frogs. The green tree frog can live up to sixteen years, if kept captive. But some have been known to live for over twenty years. The average life expectancy in the wild is lower than being captive. This is because of predation.

The green tree frog is one of the most popular pet frogs in the world. This is because of its submissive behavior and long life expectancy. It is also a popular pet frog because it looks like a cartoon frog. It is also one of the easiest frogs to take care of. Their diet are not expensive. They also have a strong resistance to diseases. Overfeeding the frog is a common problem with pet owners. The green tree frog tends to become obese when it is overfed. In the wild, the frog's energy is needed for the frog to catch its prey. However, in captivity, they are given live food. They are also housed in comfortable habitats. This makes the frog lazy because it does not have to do any activities. When the frog is inactive, it will gain weight. An overweight green tree frog will have fat layers on top of the head and body. This gives it a "dumpy" look. This is why some pet owners call the green tree frog the "dumpy tree frog".

According to the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999, the green tree frog is protected in Australia. The IUCN lists the frog as "least concern". It is listed as "least concern" because the green tree frog can be found in many places. The Green Tree Frog's population is not declining.

Some of the green tree frog's natural habitats have been destroyed. Some Green Tree Frogs have been found to be infected with chytrid fungus. This causes chytridiomycosis. The population of the green tree frog in Australia is declining. However, because of the long life expectancy of this species, it will take longer for the frog to be an endangered species.


Tympanic membrane

The tympanic membrane, also called an eardrum, is a thin membrane that separates the external ear from the middle ear in humans and other animals. It moves sound from the air to the ossicles inside the middle ear. The malleus bone bridges the gap between the eardrum and the other ossicles.

Viperinae

The Viperinae, or Viperines, are a subfamily of venomous Vipers in Europe, Asia and Africa.There are 12 genera and 66 species in this subfamily. Most are tropical and subtropical, although one species, the Vipera berus, even lives within the Arctic Circle.

Members of this subfamily range in size from the Namaqua Dwarf Adder, that grows to a maximum of 28 cm, to the Gaboon Viper that reaches a maximum length of over 2 m. Most species live on land, but a few, such as Atheris, live in trees.

The Viperinae are found in Europe, Asia and Africa, but they are not found in Madagascar.

Most of the members of this subfamily are viviparous (ovoviviparous), meaning they give live birth, although a few, such as the Persian Horned viper, lay eggs.


National Hot Rod Association

The National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) is a drag racing governing body, which sets rules in drag racing and holds events all over the United States and Canada. With over 80,000 drivers, the NHRA is considered one of the largest motorsports organizations in the world.

The association was started by Wally Parks in 1951 in the State of California to provide a governing body to organize and further the sport of drag racing. The first national NHRA event was held in 1955, in Great Bend, Kansas. (The races were run on a training air field built during World War II.) The "Nationals", which now number 22 events every year, are the major events in drag racing that bring together the best cars and drivers from across North America. The Mac Tools U.S. Nationals are now held at Indianapolis Raceway Park in Clermont, Indiana. 

The NHRA forces racers to use various things in the cars run in its racing events to keep drivers safe. First is the five point safety harness (belt) that all cars must have. This holds the driver secure in the seat and has with a quick-release lock, which can be opened in less than a second if the driver needs to leave the car due to fire or explosion.

Second are the fire suits that all drivers must wear. These suits are full body cover-alls and made with seven layers of Nomex fire-resistant fabric. 

Third is the use of the Head and Neck Support (HANS) device. This device limits the moving of the head and neck in the event of a collision and has been required within the NHRA since 2004.

Fourth is the high-strength metal shield that must be placed behind the head of all Top Fuel drivers. This is to prevent any material from entering the cockpit and striking the driver. This is needed because the engine is behind the driver in Top Fuel cars.

Fifth is the on board fire control system that all cars must have. These systems are directed onto the engine itself and start when the engine catches fire, reducing the chance for the car to completely catch fire. This has been in place on all cars beginning in 1983, when an engine explosion and fire came very close to killing then-Funny Car driver Mike Dunn.

Sixth is the roof escape opening that is in place on all Funny Cars since the division was made in the early 1970s. This opening allows Funny Car drivers a safe means of escape during an engine fire rather than falling out of the car between the frame and body.

Seventh are the long bars at the end of all cars, also known as ""wheelie bars"". These prevent the car from turning over during the rapid start of the race. 

The drive tires of the cars, which are called "slicks" because there is no tread on them, are made from a much harder compound so that the tires are resistant to failure. The tires are not allowed to be inflated under for any race at any time.

Cars in the Funny Car class must have fire-proof engine blankets around the engine block to contain material in case of an engine explosion.

Before the late 1980s, people could station themselves up to the guardrails so they could be closer to the action. After several rather accidents on track, where people have been hurt or killed, people are no longer allowed within of the guardrail.


Enbun

, also known as Embun, was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Bunna" and before "Kōan". This period started in March 1356 and ended in March 1361; The pretender in Kyoto was . Go-Kōgon's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .





Coldplay discography

The discography of British rock band Coldplay has nine studio albums, four live albums, one compilation album, ten extended plays, twenty-nine singles, two promotional singles and thirty-two music videos. As of 2009, Coldplay has sold over 55 million records. They are one of the best-selling music artists worldwide.

2010 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2010 Stanley Cup Final was the best-of-seven NHL championship series of the 2010 Stanley Cup playoffs. It was between the Western Conference champion Chicago Blackhawks and the Eastern Conference champion Philadelphia Flyers. It was Chicago's eleventh time in the Final. The last time was in 1992 with a loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins. It was Philadelphia's eighth time in the Final. The last time was in 1997 with a loss to the Detroit Red Wings. Chicago beat Philadelphia four games to two to win their fourth Stanley Cup.

Blackhawks captain Jonathan Toews won the Most Valuable Player. He was the first Blackhawks player to win this honor.

Barred antshrike

The barred antshrike, "Thamnophilus doliatus", is a passerine bird in the antbird family. It is found in the Neotropics from Tamaulipas, Mexico, through Central America, Trinidad and Tobago, and a large part of South America east of the Andes as far south as northern Argentina, Bolivia and Paraguay. There is one record from southern Texas as well. The barred antshrike has many different songs and calls for contacting, such as crow-like cawing "arrrr" or a slow "hoo-hoo".


Great Britain Olympic football team

The Great Britain Olympic football team (also known as Team GB) represents the United Kingdom in international football competitions at the Olympic Games. The selection is currently limited to players under the age of 23.

In 1974 the difference between amateur and professional players was found therefore the Team GB Football team was disbanded.

The Olympic football team has been reformed, again run by the FA, for the 2012 Olympic Games, which are to be hosted in London. The team's coach is Stuart Pearce who will be allowed to select players from across the UK.The SFA are worried that if Team GB field a team in the Olympics Great Britain will field a team in other international competitions.
GB have won the Olympic Football competition s times in 1900 1908 and 1912

Olympic rings

The Olympic rings are the official symbol of the Olympic Games. The design was created by Baron Pierre de Coubertin in 1913. The rings on the right represent the union of the five inhabited continents and the meeting of athletes from around the world at the Olympic Games. The rings were first used at the Olympic Games Belgium in 1920.

The 5 colours of the rings are blue, black, red, yellow and green. It's a common misconception that the colours represent specific continents. For example, that blue represents Oceania, black Africa, red The Americas, yellow Asia and green Europe. In fact, the five colours were chosen so that in combination with the white background, they could produce the colours of all national flags worldwide.

Litoria

Litoria is a genus of Hylidae tree frogs. They are native to Australia, the Bismarck Archipelago, the Solomon Islands, New Guinea, the Lesser Sunda Islands, the Moluccan Islands, and Timor.

The following species are or were once recognised within the genus "Litoria" (many others have been moved to "Nyctimystes" and "Ranoidea"):



Magnificent tree frog

The magnificent tree frog or splendid tree frog ("Litoria splendida") is a species of tree frogs. They are native to Australia in the Northern Territory and Western Australia. They were first found in 1977. They are related to the White's tree frog.


White-lipped tree frog

The white-lipped tree frog ("Litoria infrafrenata") or the giant tree frog is a species of tree frogs. They are the largest tree frog in the world. They are native to Northern Queensland, New Guinea, the Bismarck Islands and the Admiralty Islands. They are related to the White's Tree Frog. The Giant Tree Frogs eats insects and other arthropods. They can live up to 10 years in the wild. In Australia, they can be kept as pets. Australians must have a license to have them.



Medium (TV series)

Medium is an American television crime drama series. It was created by Glenn Gordon Caron and ran from January 3, 2005 until January 21, 2011. It stars Patricia Arquette as Allison DuBois, a medium for the Phoenix, Arizona district attorney's office. She is a married mother of three daughters and uses her psychic abilities to help the police to solve crimes.

Jamestown, North Dakota

Jamestown is the ninth biggest city in North Dakota. It is the tenth largest city by area in North Dakota. It had a population of 15,849 at the 2020 census.

Hartford

Hartford might mean:



21 (album)

21 is the second studio album by English singer Adele. It was released on January 19, 2011. It sold 208,000 copies in the first week it was released. It went straight to number one in the UK Albums Chart. In the fourth week that "21" had been number one Adele sang "Someone Like You" at the 2011 BRIT Awards. Amazon.co.uk reported that the album increased in sales by 890% an hour after Adele's performance.

It has sold over 20,000,000 copies worldwide as of May 2012. The singles "Rolling in the Deep", "Someone Like You", and "Set Fire to the Rain" have all reached #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts. "21" has won many Grammy Awards including Album of the Year.

"21" has sold over 11.648 million copies in the United States alone and is the best-performing album in "Billboard" history.
Tracks taken from US iTunes Store.


The Buggles

The Buggles were an English musical duo. It had Trevor Horn on vocals, bass guitar and guitar and Geoff Downes on keyboards. They have been most known for their 1979 debut single "Video Killed the Radio Star" that was #1 on the singles charts of sixteen countries. The music video was the first to be shown on MTV in the United States of America at 12:01 on 1 August 1981.

Following the poor success of their second album, "Adventures in Modern Recording", the group broke up in 1981.

Horn and Downes first met in the mid 1970s, at auditions for Tina Charles' backing band, and worked with her producer, Biddu, whose backing tracks had inspired their early work. Trevor Horn said that the group was originally planned to be named "The Bugs": "The Bugs were studio insects—imaginary creatures who lived in recording studios creating havoc. Then somebody said as a joke that The Bugs would never be as big as The Beatles. So we changed it to The Buggles."

The Buggles' first hit, "Video Killed the Radio Star", was released in September 1979 and was the 444th number one in the UK charts, spending one week at the top, as well as reaching number one on the singles charts of fifteen other countries Hans Zimmer worked for "Video Killed the Radio Star, and makes a brief appearance in the video.

Downes and Horn worked on their second album, "Adventures in Modern Recording". As originally intended, "I Am a Camera" was brought to completion as a Buggles song under its original title. However, Downes left the group during the recording of the album to form the band Asia with former Yes bandmate Steve Howe. Horn completed the album with a lot of new songwriting partners and musicians. "Adventures in Modern Recording" was released in late 1981, but five singles released from the album ("I Am a Camera", "Adventures in Modern Recording", "On TV", "Lenny" and "Beatnik") were not as successful as "Video Killed the Radio Star", resulting in the end of The Buggles.



Crossover thrash

Crossover thrash, also known as punk metal or simply crossover, is a form of thrash metal. It is a mixture of punk and metal.

Bands associated with the crossover genre include:

Excel (band)

Excel is a crossover thrash band from Venice, California. The band was formed in 1983 by singer Dan Clements and guitarist Adam Siegel. Excel was influenced by street art and known for painting graffiti on the streets of the cities where they played their shows.

Excel was also known for jumping on stage with other bands from Venice such as No Mercy, Beowülf, Suicidal Tendencies (with whom Excel are very close friends) and Cryptic Slaughter, and sometimes with other thrash metal bands like Testament and Overkill.

Excel has released three studio albums, three split albums, five demos, three singles and two live albums. They broke up in 1995. Their first two albums, "Split Image" and "The Joke's on You", were reissued in 2001 with bonus tracks, and in August 2009, they released a special collection of eight DVDs of their tours in Europe and Los Angeles and published them on their MySpace page. Excel announced a reunion in January 2012.

Their full-length studio albums include:

Suicidal Tendencies

Suicidal Tendencies is a hardcore punk band, which started in 1981 in Venice, California. Since their start, they had a lot of members come and go. Their lead singer Mike Muir is their only permanent member. They are credited by many as one of "the fathers of crossover thrash". Today, Suicidal Tendencies have released nine studio albums, one EP, four split albums, five compilation albums, and two long-form videos. They have not released an album of original material since 2000's "Free Your Soul and Save My Mind". But they released a small number of new songs that had not been released before on the split/compilation albums "Friends & Family, Vol. 2" (2001), "Year of the Cycos" (2008), "No Mercy Fool!/The Suicidal Family" (2010) and "The Mad Mad Muir Musical Tour" (2011).

Suicidal Tendencies became well known when they released their self-titled debut album in 1983. It spawned the single "Institutionalized", which was one of the first hardcore punk videos to get substantial airplay on MTV. Suicidal Tendencies had not released their second album until 1987, with "Join the Army". It was the album that got the attention of Epic Records, who signed Suicidal Tendencies in 1988, the same year they released their third album "How Will I Laugh Tomorrow When I Can't Even Smile Today". People began to recognize Suicidal Tendencies more when they released the albums "Controlled by Hatred/Feel Like Shit...Déjà Vu" and "Lights...Camera...Revolution!", which were both certified Gold by the RIAA. The band made two more albums, "The Art of Rebellion" and "Suicidal for Life", and then broke up in 1995 while serving ties with from Sony and Epic. However, Suicidal Tendencies reformed in 1997 and have continued recording and performing ever since. After over a decade of work and many lineup changes, the band is planning to release first album with all-new material in 12 years in 2012.

They made ten studio albums, one EP, four split albums, five compilation albums, and two long-form videos.





Ash-throated antwren

The ash-throated antwren ("Herpsilochmus parkeri") is a bird in the antbird family. The first species was found in northern Peru in 1983.

Antbirds do anting. The bird rubs ants (or other arthropods) on the feathers before discarded or eating them. While this has conventionally been considered a way to remove and control feather parasites

Yapacana antbird

The Yapacana antbird ("Myrmeciza disjuncta") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family. It is found in Brazil, Colombia, and Venezuela. The species was named by Friedmann, in 1945.

Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.


Ōan

, also romanized as Ō-an, was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Jōji" and before "Eiwa." This period started in February 1368 and ended in February 1375. The pretenders in Kyoto were and The Southern Court rivals in Yoshino during this time were and .





Gérard Rozenknop

Gérard Rozenknop (born 23 January 1950 in Paris 19e), is a French aerospace engineer.
He was head of the French Civil Aviation University from the 6th of January 1999 to the 28th of November 2008.

Graduate from the "École Polytechnique" (1969) and the French Civil Aviation University (1972), he has done a career at the French civil aviation authorities and at the International Civil Aviation Organization before becoming head of the French Civil Aviation University.


Falęcin

Falęcin may be one of the following places:

Matthew

Matthew might mean:


The Night Before Christmas

The Night Before Christmas might mean:


Crotalinae

The Crotalinae, also known as the "pit vipers" or "crotaline snakes", are a subfamily of venomous vipers found in Asia and the Americas. There are 23 genera and 155 species which are known. 

They are the only vipers found in the Americas. Some of the snakes which belong in this group are the rattlesnakes, lanceheads and Asian pit vipers.

Pit vipers are unique because all share a common characteristic, This is a deep pit, or fossa, between the eye and the nostril on either side of the head. These pits are extremely sensitive infrared-detecting organs. They give the snakes a sixth sense to help them find and perhaps even judge the size of the small, warm-blooded prey on which they feed.

Pit vipers range in size from the hump-nosed viper, "Hypnale hypnale", which grows to around 30–45 centimetres (12–18 in), to the South American bushmaster, "Lachesis muta", which grows to 3.65 metres (12.0 ft). This is the longest venomous snake in the New World. Some pit vipers are arboreal (they live in trees), some are terrestrial, and one species is semi-aquatic: the cottonmouth, "Agkistrodon piscivorus".

This subfamily of snakes is found from eastern Europe, eastward through Asia to Japan, Taiwan, Indonesia, India, Nepal and Sri Lanka. In the Americas, they are found from southern Canada, southward to Central America to southern South America. Members of this group are found in deserts and rainforests.

Pit vipers are mainly viviparous, meaning the females give live birth. It is believed that all oviparous Pit vipers guard their eggs. Many young pit vipers have brightly coloured tails which is different to the rest of their body.


Zephir

Zephir may refer to:



Excel

Excel may refer to:


Guaviare River

The Guaviare is a river in Colombia. It flows into the Orinoco River.


Litovel

Litovel (; ) is a town in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic. There are some historical monuments like the Town hall or the Bridge of Saint John. In the town is brewery which makes beer with the same name as the name of the town.




Ohio Valley Wrestling

Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) is an American developmental professional wrestling promotion. It is based in Louisville, Kentucky. OVW was a part of the National Wrestling Alliance from its inception in 1997 until 2000. It then became the main company for World Wrestling Entertainment to train new talent. OVW remained in this role from 2000 until 2008. In November 2011, it became the official and current developmental territory for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. As of December 2011, over 100 people trained at OVW had appeared in WWE. OVW is now run by owner Danny Davis.


National Archives of Japan

The , also known by the acronym NAJ, is a Japanese public institution which preserves government documents and historical records.

The National Archives Law No. 79 (1999) established NAJ's core function of preserving government documents and records. 
Before the creation of the National Archives, there is almost no tradition of preserving "grey-area" records, such as records which show the process which led to the formation of a specific policy.

The National Archives became an Independent Administrative Institution on April 1, 2001.

Since 2005, the NAJ website has offered high-resolution images of some of its holdings, including those named as Important Cultural Properties of Japan.



Four temperaments

Four temperaments is a theory of psychology about personality. It suggests that there are four bodily fluids that affect human personality traits and behaviour. The temperaments are "sanguine", "choleric", "melancholy", and "phlegmatic".

Galen, a doctor from the Roman empire added characteristics to bodily fluids:

Galen thought that to cure illness you need to rebalance the fluids. If you, for example, have too much blood, you will need a remedy which is the opposite of warm and damp; something cold and dry.

A sanguine person is an energetic person. They are friendly, talkative, encouraging and creative. They like to be noticed by others and to have fun.

But they tend to forget things they are supposed to do and to be late for dates or appointments. If they feel that they are not appreciated, they can become depressed (sad). They tend to lose interest in new hobbies as soon as it is no longer a fun thing to do.

A choleric is a bossy, ambitious and critical person. They tend to be good leaders, but when they don't have power over everyone, they can get into a bad mood.

They can be bossy to people of the other temperaments. They are able to make good plans and do things well by not losing interest.

A melancholic or melancholy person is a thinker and perfectionist. They tend to prefer to spend time alone instead of being in social situations. They go by a schedule and are truthful (say what they mean). They can become depressed because of their perfectionist traits. They might suffer in silence and not complain. They are independent and able to do things for themselves. Melancholics can be creative in artistic areas such as poetry and music.

People tend to say "Melancholic" instead of "Melancholy". The term "Melancholic" in the incorrect way of saying one of these four traits.

A phlegmatic is a quiet, kind and peaceful person. They like giving and receiving affection, although they might be shy. They can be content to go along with situations as they are, instead of trying to change them. They may tend to be relaxed, lazy and not have a lot of energy.

Ida Rubinstein

Ida Lvovna Rubinstein 5 October 1885 – 20 September 1960) was a Russian ballerina, actress, personality and patron.

Rubinstein was born in Kharkov, or possibly St. Petersburg, into a wealthy Jewish family. She was orphaned at an early age. She had, by the standard of Russian ballet, little formal training. Tutored by Mikhail Fokine, she made her debut in 1908. This was a single private performance of Oscar Wilde's "Salomé", in which she stripped nude in the course of the "Dance of the Seven Veils".

Sergei Diaghilev took her with the Ballets Russes and she danced the title role of "Cléopâtre" in the Paris season of 1909, and Zobéide in "Scheherazade" in 1910. Both ballets were choreographed by Fokine, and designed by Leon Bakst. Her partner in "Scherazade" was Nijinsky. "Scherezade" was admired at the time for its racy sensuality, costumes and design. Its music is by Rimsky-Korsakov. For a long time the ballet was rarely performed. It is in the repertoire of the Mariinsky Ballet at present, and was performed by them in London 2011. Rubinstein left the Ballets Russes in 1911.

Bisexual, in 1911 Rubinstein began a three-year affair with the painter Romaine Brooks, who created a striking portrait. She used the dancer as a nude model for Venus.

After leaving the Ballets Russes, Rubinstein formed her own dance company. She had inherited money, and she used it to commission several lavish productions. In 1911 she performed in "Le Martyre de Saint Sebastien". The creative team was Fokine (choreography); Bakst (design); and score by Debussy. This was a triumph for its stylized modernism, and a scandal. The Archbishop of Paris prohibited Catholics from attending because St. Sebastian was being played by a woman and a Jew.

In the 1920s and 30s, Rubinstein appeared in a number of plays, and in Staat's "Istar" at the Paris Opera in 1924. Between 1928 and 1929, she directed her own company in Paris with Nijinska as choreographer. She commissioned and performed in Maurice Ravel's "Boléro" in 1928. Other works developed in 1928 were Massine's "David", with music by Sauguet; and "Le Baiser de la fée", with music by Stravinsky, and choreography by Nijinska. The repertoire also included The Firebird ("L'Oiseau de Feu") with music by Stravinsky, and choreography by Fokine; this had been one of the most sensational creations for the Ballets Russes. Her company was revived in 1931 and 1934, with new works. She closed the company in 1935, and gave her last performance in the play "Jeanne d'Arc au bûcher" in Paris, 1939.

Rubinstein often staged free ballet events and continued to dance until the start of the Second World War.

Rubinstein was not a front-rank ballerina; she began her training too late for that. She did have tremendous 'stage presence' and was able to act. She was also a significant patron, and commissioned works that suited her, works that mixed dance with drama and stagecraft. In 1934 the French government awarded her the Légion d'honneur, and then in 1939 the Grand Cross of the order, their highest honour. In 1935 she was awarded honorary French citizenship, and in 1936 she converted to Roman Catholicism.

In 1940 she left France and made her way to England via Algeria and Morocco. There she helped wounded Free French soldiers until 1944. She returned to France after the war. She lived finally at "Les Olivades" at Vence, where she died in 1960. She is buried nearby.

Richard Tsien

Richard Winyu Tsien (born 3 March 1945) is a noted American neurobiologist (or neuroscientist). Tsien has received many honours and awards.

Richard Tsien was born in Tating, Kweichow, China. He is the eldest of three brothers. Tsien's youngest brother Roger Y. Tsien, a cell biologist, won the 2008 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. He is a descendant of the King Wuyue Tsien Liu. He is the son of Hsue-Chu Tsien, a famous aeronautical mechanic who became the chief engineer for Boeing.

Soon after his birth, Tsien's family moved to the United States. Tsien received BS in 1965 and MS in 1966 both in electrical engineering and both from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Tsien then won the Rhodes Scholarship and studied in the United Kingdom at Wadham College, Oxford from 1966 to 1969. Tsien obtained PhD in biophysics from Oxford in 1970. 

From 1968 to 1970, Tsien was a Weir Junior Research Fellow at University College, Oxford. From 1969 to 1970, Tsien was a teaching fellow at Balliol College, Oxford.

In 1970, Tsien went back to the United States, became an assistant professor in the Department of Physiology at Yale University School of Medicine from 1970 to 1974. From 1974 to 1979, Tsien was an associate professor in the same department, and promoted to full professor in 1979 until 1988.

In 1988, Tsien went to Stanford and founded the Stanford University Department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology, where he also served the first chairman. From 1991 to 2001, Tsien was the Director Silvio Conte - National Institutes of Mental Health Center for Neuroscience Research. Since 1988, Tsien has been the George D. Smith Professor of Stanford Department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology. And since 2000, Tsien has been the Co-Director for the Stanford Brain Research Centre. 

Tsien did important work on calcium channels, their mechanisms and roles in cell signaling pathways. Tsien's research also helps us understand the long-term plasticity of synapses.

From 1987 to 1988, Tsien was the President of the Society of General Physiologists. In August 2000, Tsien also served the Section Chair of Neurobiology of the United States National Academy of Sciences.


Great Famine

Great Famine may refer to:



Contemporary R&amp;B

Contemporary R&B is a music genre of R&B. It mixes rhythm and blues, soul, funk, pop, hip hop, electronic and dance. Contemporary R&B is currently a dominant music genre for the Top 40 radios. Artists of this type of music includes, Whitney Houston, Beyoncé, Michael Jackson, Mariah Carey, and Stevie Wonder. Contemporary R&B became a popular music genre after the disco era in the 1980s. Contemporary R&B is an African American type of music, however, there has been other artists who are not African American that record contemporary R&B. Such as Justin Timberlake, Ariana Grande, Christina Aguilera, Justin Beiber, and Bruno Mars

Guy du Merle

Guy du Merle (1 January 1908 – 6 June 1993) was a French aerospace engineer, pilot and writer. He was the first head of the French Civil Aviation University.

Du Merle graduated from the "École Polytechnique" (1927) and the "École nationale supérieure de l'aéronautique et de l'espace" (1932). He began his career as a military pilot, from 1933 to 1935, on more than hundred types of aircraft. From 1940 to 1950, he taught aerospace engineering at the "École nationale supérieure de l'aéronautique et de l'espace". In 1948, he became the first director of the French Civil Aviation University, until 1951.

A roundabout of the city of Toulouse bears his name.


Trey Lorenz

Trey Lorenz (born Lloyd Lorenz Smith; January 19, 1969) is an American singer and songwriter. He has been a backing vocalist for Mariah Carey and Selena. His 1992 single "Someone to Hold", reached number 19 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, number five on the Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs and number 65 on the UK Singles Chart.


Gordian knot

The Gordian Knot is a legend of associated with Alexander the Great. It is often used as a metaphor for a problem which has no easy or obvious solution.

In Phrygia (modern Turkey), there was a legendary prophesy about a unique knot which could only be loosened by the man who would rule all of Asia. It was called the "Gordian" knot because it was preserved in Gordium. It supposed to have been created by a man named Gordius.

The knot was complex and tangled. This mythical knot was tied around the part of a wooden cart or wagon.

According to traditional version of the story, Alexander the Great cut the knot with his sword.

In another version of the story, Alexander took away the wooden part which was at the center of the knot; and in this way, the knot was undone.

Alexander solved the problem in a way no one had expected. Then he went on to lead Greek armies which conquered much of the known world.

Today the phrase implies "make it happen" or "get things done".

"Cutting the Gordian knot" has come to mean resolving a difficult problem with one forceful action.

It may mean a problem that has no solution.


Top 40

The Top 40 is a radio format that measures the top forty songs in any music genre. The Top 40 became a dominant radio format in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s.




American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers

The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) is a not-for-profit performance rights organisation. The ASCAP protects its members' musical copyrights. They do this by monitoring public performances of their music. In 2012, ASCAP collected over US$941 million in licensing fees, and gave out $829 million in royalties to its members. In the United States, ASCAP competes with two other PROs — Broadcast Music Incorporated (BMI) and the Society of European Stage Authors and Composers (SESAC).




Sudden infant death syndrome

Sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) is the sudden and unexpected death of a human baby which is unexplained even after an autopsy and investigation. SIDS is sometimes referred to as cot death or crib death.

The name is only applied to cases where the baby is less than one year old. By definition, SIDS deaths occur under the age of one year. Most happen when the infant is 2 to 4 months of age. This is a critical period because the infant's ability to arouse from sleep is not yet mature. SIDS is defined as a syndrome.

Babies are at the highest risk for SIDS during their sleep. Male infants die more often than female infants; about 60% of the cases are male infants. Infants also die more often during winter months.

The reason for SIDS are unknown, but there are different theories:

Infanticide and child abuse cases may be misdiagnosed as SIDS due to lack of evidence. and caretakers of infants with SIDS are sometimes falsely accused. Accidental suffocations are also sometimes misdiagnosed as SIDS and "vice versa". Grief support for families affected by SIDS is particularly important. The death of the infant is typically sudden, without witnesses, and requires an investigation.

A broader term, “sudden and unexpected infant death” (SUID) is used to describe "all such deaths, regardless of cause". Cases of SUID that remain unexplained after a complete autopsy and review of the circumstances of death and clinical history are classified as SIDS. Thus, SIDS is one of the causes of SUID and accounts for 80% of such deaths.

Nobody knows what causes SIDS. However, there are some known risk factors for SIDS.

Not every infant who has one of these risk factors dies from SIDS. Risk factors just make it more likely for a baby to have SIDS.

SIDS happens more in infants of mothers who smoke while they are pregnant. The higher the levels of nicotine in the infant's blood, the higher the risk of SIDS. Nicotine causes important changes in the way a fetus develops during pregnancy, which have been linked to SIDS as well as miscarriages.

Infants who are put to sleep on their stomachs or sides are more likely to die of SIDS. This risk is highest in infants who are two to three months old. The "Back to Sleep" movement has encouraged parents to put their infants to sleep on their backs to prevent SIDS.

Other things that increase the risk for SIDS while an infant is sleeping include: 

Some researchers think these things can make it difficult for infants to control their body temperature, making them unable to control their breathing.

Infants are more likely to die of SIDS if they share a bed with parents or older children. This risk is highest:

The American Academy of Pediatrics says that if parents share a room with an infant without sharing a bed, they can cut their infant's risk of SIDS in half.

Infants who are breastfed are less likely to die of SIDS. The more an infant has been breastfed, the less likely they are to die of SIDS.

SIDS is less likely to happen in infants of older mothers. Infants of teenage mothers are at the highest risk.

An infant is also at a higher risk of SIDS if:

SIDS only happens at certain ages. The risk of SIDS is highest in infants from two to four months old. After the infant reaches one year old, the risk decreases and eventually reaches zero.

Genetics affect the risk of SIDS. Baby boys have about a 50% higher risk of SIDS than baby girls. Scientists think this might be because of an allele that exists on the X chromosome. They think this allele helps protect against episodes where the brain does not get enough oxygen (transient cerebral anoxia). Baby boys would be more likely to be missing this allele.

Scientists think that about 10 to 20% of SIDS cases are caused by inherited defects in the ion channels that help the heart squeeze out blood.

The risk of SIDS seems to be affected by things like how much education an infant's mother got, race, ethnicity, and poverty.

Vaccinations do not increase the risk of SIDS. Most studies have shown that getting vaccinations cuts an infant's risk of a SIDS death in half.

SIDS may be more common in babies with "Staphylococcus aureus" or "Escherichia coli" ("E. coli") infections, but scientists are not sure.

Putting infants to sleep on their backs can help prevent SIDS. The number of SIDS deaths has fallen in countries where this is commonly done. Also, if parents share a room with their infant but do not share a bed, they can cut their baby's risk of SIDS in half.

Parents can help prevent SIDS by not using pillows, very soft mattresses, stuffed animals, or fluffy blankets in their infant's crib. Dressing the infant warmly and keeping the crib "naked" lowers the risk of SIDS.

If an infant has a blanket in the crib, they should be covered only up to their chest, with their arms left outside the blanket. This makes it harder for the infant to move the blanket over their head, which could cause breathing problems.

In colder places where infants need help staying warm, the American Academy of Pediatrics suggests using a "sleep sack." This is like a sleeping bag for a baby, but with holes for the baby's arms and head. The bag is closed around the baby with a zipper. This helps keep the baby warm without covering their head. Sleep sacks are especially helpful for babies with low birth weight, who have more trouble keeping themselves warm.

Many studies have shown that vaccines normally given to infants help prevent SIDS. For example, one very large research study showed that giving infants vaccines for diptheria, tetanus, and pertussis helps prevent SIDS.

Getting normal infant vaccines cuts infants' risk of SIDS in half, according to many studies.

TLC (group)

TLC is an American girl group. Its original lineup had three members. TLC was one of the first R&B and hip hop stars of the 1990s. They formed the group in Atlanta, Georgia in 1991. TLC (an acronym for "T-Boz, Left Eye and Chilli") consisted of Tionne "T-Boz" Watkins, (1971-2002) and Rozonda "Chilli" Thomas. Lisa Pebbles, was the group's manager. 

After Lopes' death in 2002, the remaining members chose to continue as a duo.

TLC's first album "Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip" (1992) sold 4,000,000 copies in the United States. It released four singles "Ain't 2 Proud 2 Beg", "What About Your Friends", "Hat 2 Da Back", and "Baby, Baby, Baby". In 1994, Lopes had set her boyfriend Andre Rison's house on fire. After she was released from rehab, she was put on probation. That same year, "CrazySexyCool" was released. It became their breakthrough release. It sold 11,000,000 copies in the United States and was certified 8 times Platinum in Canada, Platinum in United Kingdom and 1 time Diamond in the United States. 

"Rolling Stone" magazine ranked the album #377 of the "500 greatest albums of all time" list. The singles "Red Light Special", "Waterfalls", "Creep" and "Diggin' on You" all entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.

TLC filed for bankruptcy in 1995, despite their success of "CrazySexyCool". The group owed too much money to their manager Pebbles. The albums sales were not enough to pay her back. TLC filed for a lawyer and was able to terminate the record deal signed with Pebbles. Because of the label and producer trouble, and health problems (Watkins' struggled with sickle cell anemia), TLC postponed any work on their next album.

"Fanmail" was released in 1999. The album became a hit record. The singles "No Scrubs", "Unpretty", and "Silly Ho" helped the album to reach number 1 on the "Billboard" 200 pop chart. The album's fourth single "Dear Lie" was not successful. The album was given positive feedback from music critics. The band began arguing with each other because of Lopes, who continued to be on tabloid magazines. Watkins married rapper Mack 10. However, her health problems were helping her to not be near recording studios. 

Lopes had begun a solo career. In 2002, Lopes was killed during a car accident in Honduras. The remainder of the group announced that they continue recording their fourth album. Lopes had recorded a few verses before she was killed.

The album, "3D" was released later that year. The single "Girl Talk" was a tribute to Lopes. The other single "Hands Up" was not successful. The album's third single "Damaged" was more successful and was on the Hot 100 until 2003. 

In 2004, the reality television show "R U The Girl?" aired on Fox. The show was about searching for great African American singers. The show had over 4,000,000 average viewers. O'so Krispie from Atlanta was chosen as the winner. TLC later said that they never wanted to replace Lopes. They continued as a duo.

In July 2013 TLC signed a new record contract. 

In 2017, the duo released their self titled fifth album "TLC". 

In 2022, the group was inducted into the Black Music & Entertainment Walk of Fame.



Ali-Ollie Woodson

Ali-Ollie Woodson (born Ollie Creggett; September 12, 1951 – May 30, 2010) was an American R&B singer, songwriter, keyboardist and actor. He was known for singing with The Temptations, starting in 1984. He has also worked with Aretha Franklin and Bill Pinkney. Woodson was diagnosed with throat cancer. He died in southern California after battling with leukemia for 18 months.


My Heart Will Go On

"My Heart Will Go On" is a hit song by Canadian singer Celine Dion. It was in the movie "Titanic". Its music was composed by James Horner. The lyrics were written by Will Jennings. The song won the Academy Award for Best Original Song.

The song reached number one in over 10 countries. It became Dion's signature song. It helped her become a popular singer. It was one of the best selling singles worldwide. It was the best-selling single of 1998.

European CD single

European CD single #2

French CD single

French CD single #2

French CD single #3

Japanese CD single

UK cassette single

US CD single

Australian/Brazilian/European/UK/Korean CD maxi single

Australian CD maxi single #2

Brazilian CD maxi single #2

European CD maxi single #2 / UK 12" single

Japanese/Korean CD maxi single

UK CD maxi single #2

Tokio Hot 100

, also known as McDonald's Tokio Hot 100, is the official music chart program of J-Wave. It is also the flagship program of the Japan FM League's Hot 100 music chart series. It ranks the most popular 100 songs every week. It is published on "Billboard" magazine.


Helmet (band)

Helmet is an alternative metal band from New York. The band was formed in 1989 by vocalist and lead guitarist Page Hamilton, who is their only constant member.

Helmet became popular when they released their 1992 major-label debut "Meantime", which peaked at number 68 on the "Billboard" 200 and featured their best known songs "Unsung" and "In the Meantime". "Meantime" is also Helmet's only album to go gold in the United States. They made two more albums before breaking up in 1998. However, Helmet reformed in 2004 and released a new album later that year. The album was called "Size Matters" and was their last release on their longtime label Interscope Records. Helmet was briefly signed to Warcon Records, who released their next album "Monochrome" in 2006, but today, they are signed to Work Song Records. That label released their latest album "Seeing Eye Dog" in 2010.

So far, Helmet has released seven full-length studio albums, which include:


Kyuss

Kyuss is an American stoner rock band from Palm Desert, California. They started in 1987 as Katzenjammer, became Sons of Kyuss in 1989 and then changed their name to Kyuss in 1991. The band now performs as Vista Chino.

Kyuss was considered guitarist Josh Homme's band before their 1995 breakup.

The band was formed in 1987 and its first name was "Katzenjammer" (A German slang word for "hangover") but changed this to Sons of Kyuss in 1989 and recorded an EP. This EP is the only release by the band that features bass player Chris Cockrell.

After Chris Cockrell left, Nick Oliveri (who played guitar in the band when they were called "Katzenjammer") replaced him and the band shortened their name to "Kyuss".

After performing shows in the Palm Desert area and gaining fans, the band signed to Dali records and released their first album "Wretch" in 1991. The band were unhappy with the album, as it didn't sound the way they wanted it to, because it wasn't produced properly and not enough money was spent on making it.

In 1992, the band hired a new producer who would be more capable to making their next album sound how the band wanted it to. This next album was called Blues For The Red Sun. It was more successful than Wretch and is considered their best album. However, bassist Nick Oliveri left after the band finished recording the album, and Scott Reeder became his replacement.

When Dali Records had problems with money, the band signed to Elektra (a bigger label) and recorded another album. The album is supposed to be called "Kyuss" but fans call it "Welcome To Sky Valley" because of the sign on the front cover. Like Blues For The Red Sun, the album was successful, although it took over a year for the album to be brought out due to the band changing record labels. Drummer Brant Bjork left shortly after it was recorded as well, and was replaced with Alfredo Hernandez.

In 1995, the band released the last album of their initial run, called ...And The Circus Leaves Town. The album wasn't quite as successful as the previous two and fans and critics had mixed opinions of it. After the band broke up later that year, people started to respect the album more.

For several years after the breakup, people wondered if the band would ever reform. Guitar player Josh Homme (who had formed a band called Queens Of The Stone Age since the breakup) was unhappy with the idea of it, believing it would be wrong after a "great history" they had between 1987-1995. However, bass player Scott Reeder believed the other members of the band would be happy to reunite.

Eventually, in 2010, A Kyuss reunion had begun. However, Josh Homme still didn't agree with a reunion, so guitar player Bruno Fevery replaced him, playing with singer John Garcia, bass player Nick Oliveri, and drummer Brank Bjork as "Kyuss Lives!". John Garcia decided to go with this name as he believes there is not a "Kyuss" without Josh Homme.

Because of a lawsuit filed by Homme, Kyuss Lives! changed their name to Vista Chino. Nick Oliveri has since left again to be replaced by Billy Cordell. Vista Chino released their debut album "Peace" in September 2013.

So far, the band has released five full-length studio albums, all released as Kyuss unless otherwise noted. They are:


Spock

Spock is a character in "Star Trek". He is often called Mr. Spock by others. He has been played by Leonard Nimoy and by Zachary Quinto. Jacob Kogan played Spock when he was a child in the 2009 movie "Star Trek". Spock is half Vulcan and half human.

Spock first appeared in "" and he was in many of the Star Trek movies. He also appeared in two episodes of "". 

Spock's signature gesture was the Vulcan salute.

Anting

Anting is a behavior in which birds rub insects (usually ants) on their feathers. This releases liquids with chemicals such as formic acid onto the bird's feathers. Instead of ants, birds can also use millipedes. Over 200 species of bird have been known to ant.
We do not know why birds ant. Birds may ant because the chemicals released by the insects kill parasites on their feathers. Another reason is that it releases the chemicals the ants make onto the bird's feathers. The bird can then eat the ant without being hurt by the chemicals.

There are two forms of anting: active anting and passive acting. Active anting is when a bird picks up ants in its bill and wipes them on its feathers. Passive anting is when the bird lies down in a group of ants and opens up its wings so that the ants will crawl up into its feathers.

Bug spray

Bug spray is a chemical in a spray can that is used for killing bugs or keeping them away.

Some bug sprays are sprayed at the bug to kill it. Other bug sprays are sprayed around a house or picnic area. Bugs that come too close to this kind of bug spray will usually die.

Bug repellent is never sprayed at a bug. Bug repellents can be used to keep bugs from coming into a house or picnic area. Some kinds of sunscreen have bug repellent that keeps mosquitos away. Some bug repellents are spread over the skin of a person.

Epigynum

Epigynum (plural epigyna) is the sex organ on a female spider. It is found on the underside of her abdomen. A male spider covers its pedipalps in sperm and puts them inside the female spider's epigynum.

Fang

A fang is a sharp tooth used for catching prey found on many animals, such as wolves and spiders. Spiders, tarantulas, and venomous snakes have hollow fangs. Venom glands fill these hollow fangs with venom so that when these animals catch their prey with their fangs, they paralyze the prey to make it easier to eat. The fangs on a snake can be folded under the skin like a cat's claws. Spider and tarantula fangs are found outside of their mouth instead of inside it.

Woke Up This Morning

"Woke Up This Morning" is a song by Alabama 3 (also known as A3) from their 1997 album "Exile on Coldharbour Lane". The song is best known as the opening theme music for the HBO drama series "The Sopranos" which used the "Chosen One Mix".

There are two versions of the song, the mix "The Sopranos" used and the original.


Crafoord Prize

The Crafoord Prize is an annual science prize established in 1980 by Holger and Anna-Greta Crafoord. It is administered by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

The prize is for "international basic research in the disciplines Astronomy, Mathematics, Geosciences, and Biosciences, with particular emphasis on ecology, and rheumatoid arthritis" (the disease from which Holger severely suffered in his last years). According to the Academy, "these disciplines are chosen so as to complement those for which the Nobel Prizes are awarded."

Only one award is given each year, according to a rotating scheme – astronomy and mathematics; then geosciences; then biosciences. A Crafoord Prize is only awarded for arthritis when a committee decides that substantial progress in the field has been made. On Crafoord Day in April, the prize is presented by the King of Sweden, who also presents the Nobel Prize Awards at the ceremony in December. The prize is to fund further research by the prize winner. In 2012 it is US$600,000.

David Petraeus

David Howell Petraeus (pronunciation: /pɨˈtreɪ.əs/; born November 7, 1952) was the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. He was sworn in on September 6, 2011. Prior to his assuming the directorship of the CIA, Petraeus was a four-star general serving over 37 years in the United States Army. On November 9, 2012, Petraeus resigned as CIA director following a marital scandal.

Leon Panetta

Leon Edward Panetta (born June 28, 1938) was the 23rd United States Secretary of Defense from 2011 until 2013. Before that, he served as director of the CIA from 2009 to 2011 and as Bill Clinton's White House Chief of staff from 1994 to 1997.

Panetta was born on June 28, 1938 in Monterey, California to an Itallian-American family. He studied at Santa Clara University. He served in the army from 1964 until 1966. He had won an Army Commendation Medal for his services in the force. Panetta is married to Sylvia Panetta.


April Bowlby

April Michelle Bowlby (born July 30, 1980 in Vallejo, California ) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Kandi in the sitcom "Two and a Half Men".

Denton Burn

Denton Burn is an area of housing in the city of Newcastle, United Kingdom. The area has 3 schools and has many shops and take-aways. It is close to Benwell and Scotswood.

WWE Hall of Fame

The WWE Hall of Fame is a hall of fame for wrestlers thought by WWE to be very important. It started in 1993 when André the Giant died. He was the first to go in. Other people have been added in later years. Some choices for the Hall of Fame have not been popular. The include famous people who did not wrestle. The Hall of Fame ceremony is normally broadcast on television the night before WrestleMania. 

The early Hall of Famers are the ones who helped build WWE and are considered pioneers. These include Arnold Skaaland, Buddy Rogers, Chief Jay Strongbow, Freddie Blassie, Gorilla Monsoon, Antonino Rocca, Ernie Ladd, The Fabulous Moolah, George "The Animal" Steele, The Grand Wizard, Ivan Putski and Pedro Morales. James Dudley was inducted for being a dear friend of the McMahon family and for being loyal to the company for a long time. Vince McMahon, Sr. was inducted because he first started WWE and might be the most important member. It is his family that still owns and runs the company to this day. Bobo Brazil was the first great black wrestling star. Killer Kowalski was a great villain wrestler. 

WWF Hall of Fame (1993) was the inaugural class of the WWE Hall of Fame. During the March 22, 1993 episode of "Monday Night Raw" a video package announcing André the Giant's induction was shown. No ceremony took place, and André was inducted posthumously. In March 2015 a condensed version of the 1994 ceremony was added to the WWE Network. Due to no original ceremony, the 1993 induction of André was discussed by Gene Okerlund and Renee Young as part of the 1994 commentary.

WWF Hall of Fame (1994) was the event that featured the introduction of the second class to the WWE Hall of Fame. The event was produced by the WWF on June 9, 1994, from the Omni Inner Harbor International Hotel in Baltimore, Maryland.

In March 2015 a condensed version of the ceremony was added to the WWE Network. Due to the original ceremony only being partially recorded and not originally intended to air, Gene Okerlund and Renee Young host the program with added commentary.

WWF Hall of Fame (1995) was the event that featured the introduction of the third class to the WWE Hall of Fame. The event was produced by the WWF on June 24, 1995, from the Marriott Hotel in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The event took place the same weekend as King of the Ring.

In March 2015 a condensed version of the ceremony was added to the WWE Network. Due to the original ceremony only being partially recorded and not originally intended to air, Gene Okerlund and Renee Young host the program with added commentary.

The 1995 class featured two posthumous inductees. Antonino Rocca was presented by his wife, and The Grand Wizard was represented by Bobby Harmon.

WWF Hall of Fame (1996) was the event which featured the introduction of the fourth class to the WWE Hall of Fame. The event was produced by the WWF on November 16, 1996, from the Marriott Marquis in New York City, New York. The event took place the same weekend as Survivor Series.

In March 2015 a condensed version of the ceremony was added to the WWE Network. Due to the original ceremony only being partially recorded and not originally intended to air, Gene Okerlund and Renee Young host the program with added commentary.

Due to Vincent J. McMahon's death in 1984, he was posthumously inducted by the McMahon family.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 Hall of Fame ceremony did not take place. As such, the Class of 2020 was inducted alongside the Class of 2021 at the 2021 ceremony.


Crop protection

Crop protection is a branch of horticulture, aimed at protecting crops. This is done so that the yield of the crop does not diminish. Common approaches are:


Leeds Trinity University College

Leeds Trinity University College is a university in Horsforth, Leeds, England. It has about 3,000 students. It is one of the smallest universities in the country.

Batasuna

Batasuna (formerly Herri Batasuna) was a political party in Spain. Herri Batasuna was founded after the fall of the Franco regime, in 1978. In 2001, the party changed its name into Batasuna. In 2003, the party was outlawed in Spain, but it continues to be a political party in France. The party was suspected to have close ties with ETA. The party was active in the Basque Country, and Navarre. It wanted to form an independent state of the Basque country. The region where Basque is spoken is split between the Basque country, Navarre in Spain and the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in France. The area is known as "Euskal Herria" (literally,: Basque country). 
Spain, the European Court of Human Rights and the European Union see Batasuna as the political wing of ETA. 

Because it was outlawed, the party has had different names, such as Euskal Herritarrok, Sozialista Abertzaleak, Ezker Abertzaleak and AUB, Aukera Guztiak.

Bastasina sees itself as a nationalist, left-wing party. It is also called socialist (with Marxist and Libertarian tendencies). Other ideas of the party include to fight for feminism, and to be seen as "envirnomentalist". Batasuna is the only party in the did not condemn the violent attacks carried out by ETA. According to Batasuna, it is sterile and hypocritical to condemn only one form of violemce; by the same token, the violence of Spain should be condemned, which oppresses the Basque people. According to the Spanish state, there were no violations of human rights after the fall of the Franco regime, and the use of violence for political reasons is inacceptable. 

Batasuna has run in elections in the French part of the Basque country, in Ustaritz, about 12 km from Bayonne.

The party dissolved in January 2013.

Simon Amstell

Simon Marc Amstell (born 29 November 1979) is a British comedian, television presenter, writer and actor.

Amstell was born and raised in Gants Hill, London in a Jewish family. He is openly gay.

Amstell has presented "Popworld" and "Never Mind the Buzzcocks". He writes and stars in "Grandma's House".


Laboratory for analysis and architecture of systems

The Laboratory for Analysis and Architecture of Systems ("Laboratoire d'Analyse et d'Architecture des Systèmes"), LAAS, is one of the big research laboratories of the French National Center for Scientific Research ("Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, CNRS") in Toulouse, France, and is usually named LAAS-CNRS. It is associated with the six founding members of the University of Toulouse: The Paul Sabatier University, the National Institute of Applied Sciences of Toulouse (INSA Toulouse), the National Polytechnic Institute of Toulouse (INP toulouse), the "Institut supérieur de l'aéronautique et de l'espace" (ISAE), which is the merger between ENSICA (the National Superior School of Aeronautic Construction Engineers) and SUPAERO (National Superior School of Aeronautics and Space), the University of Toulouse II Mirail and the Toulouse 1 University Capitole.


Irgun

The Irgun (), (full title: Irgun Zevai Leumi) (from , "The National Military Organization in the Land of Israel"), was a Zionist paramilitary group in Palestine between 1931 and 1948.

Irgun is best known for the bombing of the King David Hotel in Jerusalem in 1946.

In the 1940s, Irgun was labelled as a terrorist organization.

Irgun is considered an early version of Ḥerut which was an Israeli political party. Irgun is also an early version of today's Likud political party in Israel. 

Would I Lie to You? (TV series)

Would I Lie to You? is a British comedy panel game shown on BBC One. It began on 16 June 2007. The first two series were presented by Angus Deayton. Since then it has been presented by Rob Brydon. There are two teams of three people, a team captain and two celebrity guests. The captains are David Mitchell and Lee Mack.

During each episode, the contestants take turns to make statements about themselves. The other team try to work out whether the statement is true or false, by questioning the person who has made the statement.

Potentiometer

Potentiometers are variable resistors. Potentiometers are resistors where the resistance can be changed using a knob or a slider. Potentiometers are used to control many things, including how bright or dim the lights in your house are and the volume controls on your television. Some are used in voltage dividers.

The idea of a device that could be used to control the amount of electricity going to a component was thought by many people, but the carbon potentiometer we commonly use today was invented by Thomas Edison in 1872 at the age of 25. He called this device a "coiled resistance wire rheostat". His patent for this device was issued in 1872. Carbon resistors, as said above, are the most commonly used resistors today. They are used in radios to control the volume, in televisions to control picture brightness, contrast, and color response. 

There are many different types of potentiometers. These different types include carbon potentiometers, plastic potentiometers, and wire potentiometers. Carbon potentiometers are the most common potentiometers that we use today because they are inexpensive to make and are easy to put together. Wire potentiometers are the most powerful type out of the three listed above. The wire inside the potentiometer is wound so that it has more power. Plastic potentiometers have the same amount of power that carbon potentiometers do, but are of a higher quality. They are made of a special kind of plastic that conducts electricity just as effectively as carbon potentiometers. It as a better life than carbon potentiometers do. Trimmer potentiometers are small. They are adjustable with a screwdriver.

Supélec

École Supérieure d'Électricité, commonly known as Supélec, is a French university in electric energy and information sciences.

Founded in 1894 and initially located in the 15th district of Paris, it was moved to Gif-sur-Yvette in 1975. After that, two more campuses were established in Rennes in 1972 and Metz in 1985. It is a member of the "Conférence des Grandes Écoles".



Shitoku

Shitoku (至徳) was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after Eitoku and before Kakei. This period started in February 1384 and ended in August 1387. The pretender in Kyoto was . Go-Komatsu' Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .





Electrical filament

An incandescent light bulb has a small, thin wire with two bigger wires holding it up. This wire is called a filament. The filament is the part of the light bulb that produces light.

Filaments in incandescent light bulbs are made of tungsten. Whenever an electric current goes through the filament, the filament glows. It may also be known as the electron emitting element in a vacuum tube. To make the bulb produce more light, the filament is usually made of coils of fine wire, also known as the coiled coil.

Kakei

Kakei (嘉慶) was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after Shitoku and before Kōō. This period started in August 1387 and ended in February 1389. The pretender in Kyoto was . Go-Komatsu's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .





Kōō (Nanboku-chō period)

, also romanized as Kō-ō, was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after Kakei and before Meitoku. This period started in February 1389 and ended in March 1390. The pretender in Kyoto was . Go-Komatsu's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .





Meitoku

Meitoku (明徳) was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Kōō" and before "Ōei". This period started in March 1390 and ended in July 1394. After October 1392, Meitoku replaced the Southern Court's "nengō" ("Genchū"). The pretender in Kyoto was Go-Komatsu's Southern Court rival in Yoshino until 1392 was ..





Cryptopsy

Cryptopsy is a Canadian death metal band from Montreal, Quebec, formed in 1988. The band has sold over 300,000 records.







Katra

Katra is a Finnish symphonic metal band featuring vocalist Katra Solopuro.









Mad scene

A mad scene is a scene in a play, ballet, opera, or other theatre work that shows a character either insane or going insane. Three famous mad scenes are those in the play "Hamlet", in the ballet "Giselle", and the opera "Lucia di Lammermoor". In "Hamlet", Ophelia is truly mad while Hamlet pretends to be mad.

Summerland, British Columbia

Summerland is a town in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is in the interior of British Columbia, on the west side of Okanagan Lake. The population of Summerland was 10,828 in 2006. The mayor of Summerland is Janice Perrino. It is known for its world renowned wineries. It is also home to the historic Kettle Valley Steam Railway. The town was originally known as Trout Creek and was renamed Summerland in 1902 when Sir Thomas Shaughnessy bought the Barclay Ranch. The nickname for Summerland is Town of Festivals. The sister city of Summerland is Toyokoro, Japan.


Bruno Sammartino

Bruno Sammartino (October 6, 1935 – April 18, 2018) was an Italian-American professional wrestler. He was born on October 6, 1935 in Italy. He became a wrestler in 1959. He would often beat opponents with his bearhug.

On May 17, 1963, Bruno beat Buddy Rogers to become the second World Wide Wrestling Federation champion. He held this title for over seven years, a record for professional wrestling world champions. He had his first match in Japan in 1967. He lost to Ivan Koloff on January 18, 1971. On December 10, 1973, Sammartino beat Stan Stasiak to once again be the champion. Billy Graham won the championship from Bruno on April 30, 1977 in Baltimore. World Wide Wrestling Federation became the World Wrestling Federation in March 1979. Sammartino wrestled less often after but he did have classic feud with Larry Zbyszko that ended in a steel cage match at Shea Stadium in 1980. He retired in 1987.
Sammartino was also a commentator with Vince McMahon.

In 2013, he accepted an invitation for induction into the WWE Hall of Fame, after he declined many times in prior years.

Sammartino died on April 18, 2018 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania of multiple organ failure caused by heart disease at the age of 82.


Kemmu

In 1333-1336, the Kemmu Restoration was an attempt by Emperor Go-Daigo to restore Imperial authority after the fall of the Kamakura shogunate. The failure of this effort led to the creation of two rival Imperial courts.

The previous era ended and the new one commenced in "Shōkei" 1 as time was reckoned in the Northern Court in Kyoto; and the era began in "Genkō" 4, as time was ordered in the Southern Court in Yoshino.



Japan Oil, Gas and Metals National Corporation

, also known as JOGMEC, is an Independent Administrative Institution which was created by the Japanese government in 2004. 

In 2004, JOGMEC was established by the Law Concerning the Japan Oil, Gas and Metals National Corporation .

JOGMEC was created when the Japan National Oil Corporation (JNOC) merged with the former Metal Mining Agency of Japan (MMAJ).

Rare metal stockpiles are managed by JOGMEC.

In March 2013 JOGMEC successfully extracted methane hydrate from seabed for the first time in the world.


Elector of the Palatinate

The Elector of the Palatinate () ruled the Palatinate of the Rhine in the Kingdom of Germany and the Holy Roman Empire from 915 to 1803.

Mary Cheney

Mary Claire Cheney (born March 14, 1969) is an American businesswoman and the younger daughter of former U.S. Vice President, Dick Cheney and his wife, former second lady, Lynne Cheney. She is openly lesbian and has stated support for same-sex marriage along with her father. She is in a long relationship with Heather Poe, a former parking ranger with whom she has had 2 children, Samuel David and Sarah Lynne. On June 22, 2012, Cheney married her long time partner Heather Poe. Cheney has a sister, Elizabeth Cheney (born 1966).

Shore crabs

Shore crabs ("Carcinus maenas") are a common crustacean. They are often found around the sea shore.

They come in a variety of colours. They are often green or brown. They have eight legs and two large pincers. The width across the shell is up to . The usual width is about .

They are normally found in the North Atlantic or the Baltic Sea but are beginning to live in many other areas of the world. Shore crabs live on beaches and rocky shores.

Shore crabs are a nocturnal predator which means it hunts at night. They eat small crustaceans, molluscs, worms and some fish.

A female shore crab can lay up to nearly 200 thousand eggs at once. They carry the eggs with them until they hatch. Like most crabs, when a shore crab gets too big for its shell, it sheds its shell. After that, it has a new soft shell which soon hardens.

Phytosaur

Phytosaurs are an extinct group of large semi-aquatic Upper Triassic archosaurs. 

Phytosaurs were long-snouted and heavily armoured, bearing a remarkable resemblance to modern crocodiles in size, appearance, and lifestyle. This is an example of convergence or parallel evolution. 

The name 'phytosaur' means 'plant reptile': the first fossils of phytosaurs were mistakenly thought to belong to plant eaters. The sharp teeth in phytosaur jaws clearly show they were predators.

Although phytosaurs were not true crocodilians, they were more closely related to the crocodilians than to other modern reptiles. Crocodiles did not become phytosaur-like until the Lower Jurassic. "Consensus generally places phytosaurs as basal crurotarsans, possibly the basal-most group".

Phytosaurs had a nearly global distribution. Fossils have been recovered from Europe, North America, India, Morocco, Thailand, Brazil and Madagascar.

Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip

Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip is the debut album by American band TLC. It was released on February 25, 1992 by LaFace Records. The album reached number 14 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, number two on the Top Heatseekers, and number three on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album shipped 4,000,000 copies in the United States.

Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" gave a positive review on the album. Steve Huey of Allmusic gave a "mixed" review on the album and believed it helped TLC to become more popular. According to Nielsen SoundScan, the album has sold 2,500,000 copies in the United States. It was later certified 4x Platinum by the RIAA.


CrazySexyCool

CrazySexyCool is the second studio album by American girl group TLC. It was released on November 15, 1994 by LaFace Records. The album reached number three on the US "Billboard" 200, number two on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number four on the UK Albums Chart. The album became TLC's best-selling album, it was known as their "breakthrough album". "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked the album number 377 of the "500 greatest albums of all time" list. The album was certified 1x Diamond in the United States. TLC became the first and only girl group to have a diamond-certified album. The album features more of a R&B and soul sound than hip hop sound due the fact that Left Eye wasn't able to record much of her own raps for the album due to being in rehab for setting her then-boyfriend's house on fire.

The album sold 127,000 copies on the first day of release. According to Nielsen SoundScan, the album has sold 7,200,000 copies in the United States. It was certified 1x Diamond, which means 10,000,000 copies of the album were shipped to the United States. The album was also certified 11x Platinum (11,000,000 copies shipped) by the RIAA.


FanMail

FanMail is the third studio album by American girl group TLC. It was released on February 23, 1999. It was released by LaFace Records. It features a more electronic and hip hop influence to the album, along with the group's signature R&B sound.

On the first day of release, the album sold 318,000 copies in the United States. It debuted at number one on the US "Bollboard" 200 and the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. It also reached the top ten in Canada, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. The album was given eight Grammy Awards nominations. It won the Grammy Award for "Album of the Year". According to Nielsen SoundScan, the album sold 4,700,000 copies in the United States. It was certified 6x Platinum (6,000,000 copies shipped) by the RIAA.

JSL

JSL may refer to:

Death Proof

Death Proof is a 2007 American crime movie directed by Quentin Tarantino. The movie has action and thrilling car chases. It is set in Texas and Tennessee.

Inglourious Basterds

Inglourious Basterds is a 2009 German-American war film directed by Quentin Tarantino. It takes place in Nazi-occupied France during World War II. The movie was rated 4 out of 4 stars by movie reporter Roger Ebert. The film is rated R for Profanity and brutal Violence especially American Jews Killing the Nazis in France during the occupation of Nazi Germany.

Japanese Sign Language

, also known as JSL or NS, is the main sign language in Japan.

In 1878, the first school for the deaf was established in Kyoto.

In 1900, the was founded.

In 1948, Deaf children were required to attend school.

In the late-20th century, Japanese sign language began to be recognized.

The Japanese Federation of the Deaf is for those Japanese whose primary language is JSL.

JSL has a friend in the Imperial family. Kiko, Princess Akishino has studied JSL and is a trained sign language interpreter. She also signs in informal Deaf gatherings.

In 2006, the Japanese government amended the "Supporting Independence of People with Disabilities Act." The new language in the law encourages local governments to increase the number and use of JSL interpreters.

As in other sign languages, JSL (usually called simply 手話 "shuwa", "hand talk") consists of words, or signs, and the grammar with which they are put together.



Raging Bull

Raging Bull is a 1980 American biographical sports drama movie directed by Martin Scorsese, produced by Irwin Winkler and Robert Chartoff and adapted by Paul Schrader and Mardik Martin from Jake LaMotta's 1970 memoir "". The movie, distributed by United Artists, stars Robert De Niro as Jake LaMotta, an Italian-American middleweight boxer whose self-destructive and obsessive rage, sexual jealousy, and animalistic appetite destroyed his relationship with his wife and family. Also featured in the film are Joe Pesci as Joey, LaMotta's well-intentioned brother and manager who tries to help Jake battle his inner demons, and Cathy Moriarty as his wife. Nicholas Colasanto, Theresa Saldana, and Frank Vincent all play supporting roles in the movie.

Scorsese was initially reluctant to develop the project, though he eventually came to relate to LaMotta's story. Schrader re-wrote Martin's first screenplay, and Scorsese and De Niro together made uncredited contributions thereafter. Pesci was an unknown actor prior to the film, as was Moriarty, who was suggested for her role by Pesci. During the filming, each of the boxing scenes was choreographed for a specific visual style and De Niro gained approximately 60 pounds (27 kg) to portray LaMotta in his later post-boxing years. Scorsese was exacting in the process of editing and mixing the movie, expecting it to be his last major feature.

"Raging Bull" premiered in New York on November 14, 1980, and was released in theaters on December 19, 1980. The movie had a lukewarm box office of $23.4 million against its $18 million budget. The movie received mixed reviews upon its release; while De Niro's performance and the editing were widely acclaimed, it garnered criticism due to its violent content. Despite the mixed reviews, the movie was nominated for eight Academy Awards at the 53rd Academy Awards (tying with "The Elephant Man" as the most nominated movie of the ceremony), including Best Picture and Best Director, and won two: Best Actor for De Niro (his second Oscar) and Best Editing.

After its release, "Raging Bull" went on to garner a high critical reputation, and is now often considered Scorsese's magnum opus and one of the greatest movies ever made. In 1990, it became the first movie to be selected for preservation in the National Film Registry in its first year of eligibility.

Mark Spitz

Mark Andrew Spitz (born February 10, 1950) is an American retired swimmer of Jewish descent. He won seven gold medals at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. That achievement was only passed by Michael Phelps who won eight golds at the 2008 Olympics.

Jesse Ventura

James George Janos, better known as Jesse Ventura, is an American statesman, actor, author, and former professional wrestler. He served as the 38th Governor of Minnesota from 1999 to 2003. He was elected in 1998. He was Mayor of Brooklyn Park, Minnesota from 1991 to 1995.

Ventura served as a Navy UDT during the Vietnam War. As an actor, he appeared in "The Running Man" and "Predator". He called wrestling matches with Vince McMahon for TV shows and with Gorilla Monsoon for pay-per-views in the WWF. In WCW, he called matches with Jim Ross. Ventura and Ross teamed up again to call XFL football games.

Ventura was born on July 15, 1951 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. His height is 6' 4". His wife is Theresa Larson Masters since 1975.

In September 2019, Ventura expressed interest in running for President in 2020 under an Independent bid.

Ilya Repin

Ilya Yefimovich Repin (; Ukrainian: Ілля́ Єфи́мович Рéпін , – 29 September 1930) was an important Russian painter and sculptor.

Repin was born in a village near Kharkiv, Russian Empire (now part of Ukraine). He came from a poor family. Repin first learned to paint from an icon painter. He studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Saint Petersburg. Later he became a professor of painting at the same academy. He is best known for his paintings of scenes from Russian history and his portraits.

Ship's bell

A ship's bell is a bell usually made of bronze that is used on ships and sailboats. It is most often rung to announce the time, such as at the hour and half-hour.

Sometimes a ship's bell may be used as a percussion instrument in an orchestra.

John Roberts (actor)

Jonathan "John" Roberts (born 1971) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice arist, and comedian. He is the voice of Linda Belcher in "Bob's Burgers".

Dan Mintz

Daniel "Dan" Mintz (born 1981) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice arist, and comedian. He is the voice of Tina Belcher in "Bob's Burgers".

Eugene Mirman

Eugene Boris Mirman (born 1974) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and voice actor. He is the voice of Gene Belcher in "Bob's Burgers".

Kristen Schaal

Kristen Schaal (born January 24, 1978) is an American stand-up comedienne, actress and voice artist. She is the voice of Mabel Pines in "Gravity Falls". She also is the voice of Louise Belcher in "Bob's Burgers" and Uma Kinnik in "Atlantis Forest". Schaal was born in Longmont, Colorado.



Loren Bouchard

Loren Hal Bouchard (born October 10, 1969 ) is an American stand-up comedian, actor and voice arist. He is best known as the creator of "Bob's Burgers".

Tony Leondis

Anthony "Tony" Leondis (born 1972) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian. He is the voice of Master Croc in "".

Anthony Michael Hall

Michael Anthony Hall (born April 14, 1968) is an American actor, movie producer and director. He is known as Anthony Michael Hall. He was in several movies for teens in the 1980s. Hall began his career in commercials and on stage as a child. He first made a movie in 1980. Hall was born in West Roxbury, Boston, Massachusetts and grew up in New York, New York.

He joined the cast of Saturday Night Live (1985–1986) and featured in movies, for example, Out of Bounds (1986), Johnny Be Good (1988), Edward Scissorhands (1990) and Six Degrees of Separation (1993). After a progression of minor jobs during the 1990s, he featured as Microsoft's Bill Gates in the 1999 TV film Pirates of Silicon Valley. He had the main job in the USA Network arrangement The Dead Zone from 2002 to 2007. In 2020, he showed up in ABC's The Goldbergs. 


Susie Essman

Susan "Susie" Essman (born May 31, 1955 ) is an American stand-up comedian, actor and voice artist. She plays Susie Greene in "Curb Your Enthusiasm", Helen Higgins in "Crank Yankers", and Mittens in "Bolt".

Essman was born Susan Essman in New York City, New York. 

Wing-banded antbird

The wing-banded antbird ("Myrmornis torquata") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.

It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. It feeds by hopping on the ground, turning dead leaves over in search of insects. It uses its long bill to do this, and never picks the leaves up.


Seine

The Seine is a river in France. It flows into the English Channel between Le Havre and Honfleur. It is long. It is the second-longest river in France. Other important cities along its course are Paris, Troyes and Rouen. Its drainage basin has a surface of . The Seine starts in Source-Seine, in Côte-d'Or, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, at an height of . The unidntified body of L'incounne de la Seine (English: The Unidentified Woman of Seine) was discovered there 1885.

Between Rouen and the sea, ocean-going vessels of up to in length, and 150,000 tons in weight can travel the Seine. This section of the river has a length of about . Ships of a draft of up to can circulate. Draft is a word describe the height of the part of a ship that is below the water line. There are three bridges in this section. They can be raised. The maximum air draft (or height above the water line) of a ship is . Because there are few briges, the river can be crossed by ferry, at different locations. The port of Rouen is an important maritime port in France; it is the most important port in Europe for cereals, and the most important port in France for flour and fertilizers. Even if the port of Le Havre is more important for petroleum, that of Rouen is still important. About 25 million tons of produce is handled by the port of Rouen each year.
The course of the river was corrected between Rouen and Paris in the 19th century. There are seven locks. Barges with merchandise, of a capacity of up to 350 t, can circulate. The dimension of the lock determines the maximum dimension of the ship. When most canals were built in France, the minister for public works, Charles de Freycinet determined the maximum length of the locks. As a result, the maximum dimension of the ship is , with a draft of . In the case of the French canals, the maximum draft is . The load of a peniche is about that of ten lorries or eight rail wagons. Other ship types that can circulate have a capacity of . Convois of barges with a length between can transport between of freight. Other ships include river-vessels that can transport up to of freight.

The port of Paris is the most important fluvial port in France: About 20.2 million tons of merchanise are handled each year, 20 miilon tons of this merchandise come from fluvial transport. There is a project called Seine–Nord Europe Canal, to build a high-capacity canal to connect the Paris region to the Ports of Antwerp, Dunkerque and Rotterdam, for large ships of width and length.

Different floods of the river have been reported. The oldest report is from Emperor Julian who reported a flood of the river in his work Misopogon in the year 358. Gregory of Tours reported a flood in February 528 in his Historia Francorum.

The river has inspired different painters, mainly in the 19th and 20th century. Honoré de Balzac describes it in many of his books. Gustave Flaubert uses the river as a metaphor or image to describe the flow of time. Other authors include Jacques Prévert, and Guillaume Apollinaire.

Louie Anderson

Louis Perry Anderson (March 24, 1953January 21, 2022) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, author and game show host. Anderson made the cartoon series "Life with Louie" and has written three books. He was the host of the second revival of the game show "Family Feud", from 1999 to 2002. He was nominated three times for an Emmy Award, for his performance on the comedy television series "Baskets", and won it once in 2016.

On January 18, 2022, it was announced that Anderson had been diagnosed with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in 2012 and was undergoing treatment in Las Vegas. He died three days later at the age of 68.

National Assembly of Belarus

The National Assembly of the Republic of Belarus is the parliament of Belarus. The two parts of the National Assembly are:


The houses meet every year. The first session starts October 2. It cannot be more than 80 days. The second session starts April 2. It does not last more than 90 days. Sometimes the President can have them meet a third time.

The Council of the Republic is the upper house. It has 64 members. The members are based geographically. Eight members of the Council are picked by the President of Belarus. The remaining members are elected by secret vote: eight members of the Council are elected from each of the country's regions and Minsk City. Members must aged 30 and more and live in the region they are elected from for at least five years.


The House of Representatives is the lower house. It has 110 deputies. Any citizen of 21 years is eligible for election.

Seine department

Seine was a département in France. It was created as "Paris" in 1790, and renamed to Seine in 1795. On the 1st of January 1968 it was abolished, together with the department Seine-et-Oise which surrounded it. The area was distributed into 4 departements, Paris, Hauts-de-Seine, Seine-Saint-Denis, and Val-de-Marne. In 1968, about 5.7 million people lived in the area; about 2.5 million lived in the city of Paris.

Philip Seymour Hoffman

Philip Seymour Hoffman (July 23, 1967 – February 2, 2014) was an American actor.

He was born in Fairport, New York. He had a brother, writer Gordy Hoffman (born 1964) and two sisters. Hoffman's mother was a Roman Catholic of Irish origin. His father was a Protestant of part-German origin. Hoffman studied at New York State Summer School of the Arts and at Tisch School of the Arts. 

Hoffman first started acting in 1991 in an episode of "Law & Order". His first movie role was as Matt in the 1992 movie "Leap of Faith". He then acted in many movies. His performance as Truman Capote in "Capote" earned him an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award. He also acted on television and in theater. His last movie was "" and in "A Most Wanted Man".

Hoffman lived in Manhattan with his partner Mimi O'Donnell. They were a couple from 1999 until 2013. They had a son and two daughters. 

On February 2, 2014, Hoffman was found dead in his Manhattan apartment, of an apparent drug overdose. His funeral was held at St. Ignatius Loyola church, Manhattan, on February 7, 2014.



Pecados y Milagros

Pecados y Milagros () is the seventh album by Mexican Latin singer Lila Downs. It was released in 2011. It reached the top of the charts in Mexico, Germany, Argentina, Colombia, Spain and the United States. It also reached the top ten in other major markets. Downs did a tour for the album called the "Pecados y Milagros World Tour". The singles on "Pecados y Milagros" are: "Palomo del Comalito", "Zapata se Queda" and "Mezcalito". In 2012 the album "Pecados y Milagros" won a Grammy Award for "Best Regional Mexican Music Album (Including Tejano)". The same year it won a Latin Grammy Award for "Best Folk Album". The main music genres which make up the album are pop, folk and ska.

Shake Away

Ojo de Culebra () is the sixth studio album by Mexican Latin singer Lila Downs.

This album was recorded in New York and Mexico. All the songs on this album were composed by Lila Downs and Paul Cohen, except "I Envy The Wind" (by Lucinda Williams) and "I Would Never" (by Paul Buchanan). It includes a version of "Black Magic Woman" by Peter Green. In "Ojo de Culebra" they mix instruments and electronic music. It includes collaborations with Enrique Bunbury, La Mari, Mercedes Sosa and Ramon Gutierrez, among others.

The album had the following chart activity in 2008:


Kathryn Joosten

Kathryn Joosten (December 20, 1939 – June 2, 2012) was an American television and voice actress. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. She won two Emmy Awards. She died of lung cancer in Westlake Village, California.


Japan Atomic Energy Agency

The or JAEA, is a Japanese organization that seeks to research, promote, and monitor the peaceful use of nuclear energy. It is an Independent Administrative Institution.

The Japan Atomic Energy Agency was formed October 1, 2005 by a merger of the Japan Atomic Energy Research Institute (JAERI) and the Japan Nuclear Cycle Development Institute (JNC).

The "Japan Atomic Energy Agency Act of 2005" established the scope of agency concerns, including



Seven (movie)

Seven is a 1995 American neo-noir crime horror thriller movie. It was directed by David Fincher and produced by Arnold Kopelson. It stars Brad Pitt as David Mills and Morgan Freeman as William Somerset, police detectives who are working together to catch serial killer John Doe, played by Kevin Spacey. Doe murders people he believes are guilty of the seven deadly sins. Mills' wife Tracy is played by Gwyneth Paltrow.

Core (Stone Temple Pilots album)

Core is the first album by the American rock band Stone Temple Pilots. It was released on September 29, 1992 through Atlantic Records. The album made #1 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart and #3 on the "Billboard" 200. It was the band's best-selling album.

All lyrics written by Scott Weiland, except where noted.

21 Grams

21 Grams is an American drama movie directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu and written by Guillermo Arriga. It stars Sean Penn, Naomi Watts, Benicio del Toro, whose lives are connected when del Toro's character Jack Jordan kills the husband and two daughters of Watts' character Cristina Peck in a hit-and-run road accident. His heart is transplanted into Penn's character, mathematician Paul Rivers.

Celia Cruz

Celia Cruz (October 21, 1925 – July 16, 2003) was a Cuban-American salsa performer. She earned twenty-three gold albums. She was called the "Queen of Salsa" as well as "La Guarachera de Cuba."

She spent most of her career living in New Jersey. She worked in the United States and several Latin American countries. Leila Cobo of "Billboard Magazine" once said "Cruz is indisputably the best known and most influential female figure in the history of Cuban music." 



South West Trains

South West Trains was a train company in the United Kingdom. It served 213 stations and ran 185 of those. The company had 371 trains and ran the Island Line as well. 

In August 2017, South Western Railway took over the franchise.

Island Line Trains

Island Line Trains is a train operating company in England. It is owned by South Western Railway. It runs a single 8.5 mile line on the Isle of Wight with 7 trains and 8 stations managed.

London Midland

London Midland was a train operating company in the United Kingdom. It ran of track and served 146 stations. During 2007, it carried 591.5 million passengers. London Midland operated the West Midlands franchise between 2007 and 2017. 

In August 2017 the franchise was awarded to a new train operating company, West Midlands Trains, who took over on 10 December 2017.

Heineken

Heineken is a Dutch beer (5% abv pale lager) which has been brewed by Heineken International since 1873. It is the flagship product of the Heineken company and is made of processed, impure water, sometimes advertised as purified water, malted barley, hops, and yeast. In 1886 H. Elion finished the development of the "Heineken A-yeast", which is still used in the brewing process today. The beer is force carbonated. It is popular worldwide.


Chiltern Railways

Chiltern Railways is a train operating company in the UK. It serves 62 stations and runs 27 of them.

East Coast

East Coast can mean:

Heathrow Express

Heathrow Express is a train service in London that provides an airport rail link service between Paddington station and Heathrow Airport. It is operated by the Heathrow Express Operating Company, owned by the same company which owns Heathrow Airport itself, and the first train ran on 23 June 1998.

The Heathrow Express service runs every 15 minutes throughout the day and evening, seven days a week. It runs non-stop between Paddington and the airport. (The Heathrow Connect used the same route but made some stops in between.) At the airport, trains from Paddington stop at two stations, both of which are located underground: Heathrow Central (for terminals 2 and 3) and Heathrow Terminal 5. There is also a shuttle train that goes between Heathrow Central and a station at Terminal 4, which is also underground. The 12 trains used on services between Paddington and Heathrow are Class 387, while the shuttle service to Terminal 4 used one Class 360.

Heathrow Express is not part of National Rail, and is not run as a franchise, even though it shares track with National Rail trains for much of its journey and ends its trip at a London mainline station.

Heathrow Connect

Heathrow Connect was a train service in London that ran between Paddington station and Heathrow Airport. It was provided by the Heathrow Express company together with First Great Western. The first train ran on 12 June 2005.

The Heathrow Connect service ran every half-hour throughout the day and evening from Monday to Saturday and every hour on Sunday. It followed the same route as the Heathrow Express service, but while Heathrow Express ran non-stop between Paddington and the airport, Heathrow Connect stopped at some stations in between. Altogether, there were eight stations at which Heathrow Connect trains stopped, so the train could connect places in west London with each other, the airport, and Central London. The trains used on the line were five Class 360s made by Siemens.

On 20 May 2018 TfL Rail took over operation of the Heathrow Connect service.

Abellio Greater Anglia

Abellio Greater Anglia is a British train operating company that provides suburban and express passenger rail services from Liverpool Street station in the City of London to destinations in the East of England. In August 2016, it was announced that Abellio had won the franchise again until 2025. They promise to replace all its trains by 2020. Sadly this has not happened.

Luis Miguel

Luis Miguel Gallego Basteri (April 19, 1970) is a Mexican singer. He is widely known only by the name Luis Miguel. He is often called "El Sol de México" (The Sun of Mexico) or simply "El Sol" (The Sun). 

Luis Miguel has won five Grammys and four Latin Grammys among other numerous awards. He is considered as one of the top male pop vocalists in the world. At the age of fifteen, Luis Miguel received his first Grammy for his duet "Me Gustas Tal Como Eres" (I Like You Just The Way You Are) with Sheena Easton. Luis Miguel is the only Latin artist to have two Spanish-language albums ("Romance" and "Segundo Romance") go platinum in the USA. His album "Luis Miguel" got gold and platinum certifications in four countries, including the United States, within just three days of its release.


Maná

Maná is a Mexican rock band from Guadalajara, Jalisco. Their career has been more than three decades. The group has earned four Grammy Awards, seven Latin Grammy Awards, five MTV Video Music Awards Latin America, five Premios Juventud awards, nine Billboard Latin Music Awards and 13 Premios Lo Nuestro awards.

The band formed in 1986 and released its first album, "Falta Amor", in 1990. In 1992, the group released "¿Dónde Jugarán Los Niños?", which sold more than 3 million copies worldwide. It was the best selling Spanish-language rock album of all time. 

The band's sound comes from the pop rock, Latin pop, calypso, and reggae music genres. They first received international commercial success in Australia and Spain. They have since gained popularity in the US, Western Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. Their worldwide sales stand at more than 25 million albums as of 2011.

Official members:

Live band members:

Former members:




RBD

RBD was a two-time Latin-Grammy nominated Mexican pop group. They gained popularity from Televisa's teen drama series "Rebelde". RBD sold over 17 million digital downloads and over 57 million albums worldwide in four years. The band was officially formed on October 4, 2004. They announced their separation on August 15, 2008.





Thalía

Ariadna Thalía Sodi Miranda (born August 26, 1971), known as Thalía, is a Mexican singer, songwriter and actress. She has sold over 25 million albums worldwide. She has sung in Spanish, English, French, Portuguese and Tagalog.

Thalia has been nominated for various Latin Grammy, Latin Billboard and many other awards.

She was also in very successful soap operas like "Marimar" and "María la del Barrio". She is also an occasional author, businesswoman and fashion designer.












Olga Tañón

Olga Tañón (born April 13, 1967) is a two-time Grammy Award and three-time Latin Grammy-winning Merengue and Latin Pop artist. Tañón has earned 5 Latin Grammy Awards and 28 Premios Lo Nuestro awards during her career.

Tañón is the youngest of four children born to José Tañón and Carmen Gloria Ortíz in the Santurce district of San Juan, Puerto Rico. She was raised in Levittown, a suburb of San Juan, in the municipality of Toa Baja, Puerto Rico, where she received her primary and secondary education.

In 1992, Tañón signed a contract with the WEA Latina record label to record a solo album. Her first recorded album was titled "Sola" (Alone). Among the songs in the album were, "Me Cambio por Ella" (I Change Places With Her), and "Quiero estar contigo" (I Want To Be With You). In 1993, she recorded her second album for WEA Latina, "Mujer de Fuego" (Woman of Fire). Tañón also debuted as a composer with the song, "Presencié tu Amor" (I Witnessed Your Love).[3] That year, Tañón received three Lo Nuestro Awards nominations in the Tropical/Salsa field: Album of the Year (Sola), Female Artist and New Artist.[4]

In 1994, Tañón earned her first double platinum record and in 1995, she earned 3 more platinum records with her album, "Siente el Amor" (Feel the Love). This album also included another of her compositions, "Unicornio" (Unicorn), which was written to the rhythm of Salsa and also included the unforgettable Merengue song, "Es Mentiroso" (He's a Liar). Tañón had gained fame and recognition throughout Latin America.

Tañón recorded a Tex-Mex CD with Mexican singer Marco Antonio Solís, "Nuevos Senderos". She was now being heard internationally, and with that recording she became the first Puerto Rican musician to be certified by the RIAA to sell over half a million records. The lead single, the ballad "Basta Ya!" topped the U.S. Billboard Top Latin Tracks for several weeks and became Tañón's first #1.[3] For the album Tañón earned 3 Lo Nuestro Awards nominations for Pop Album of the Year, Pop Song of the Year and Pop Singer of the Year.[5]

In 1997 Tañón debuted as an actress in the Puerto Rican version of the popular production of "Jesus Christ Superstar", produced by Rafo Muñiz. She played the part of Mary Magdalene. This version had a tropical feel to it and included some of Tañón's songs. In 1998, Tañón married Juan González a Puerto Rican major-league baseball star. They had a daughter, Gabriella Marie, but divorced in 1999.[3]

In 2000 Tañón, now known as the "Woman of Fire" or "Mujer de Fuego" by her fans, recorded her first concert, titled, "Olga Viva...Viva Olga" in the House of Blues in Orlando, Florida. This production was named by the National Foundation of Popular Culture as one of the year's top 20 productions. The record went platinum and Tañón earned her first Grammy Award. In August 2000, Tañón sold out 12 shows in the Antonio Paoli Hall at the Luis A. Ferre Center of the Fine Arts in San Juan. Later that month she debuted in the Bass Performance Hall in Fort Worth, Texas. Her performances received rave reviews in the Fort Worth Star Telegram and the Dallas Morning News. At the end of 2000, Tañón presented her musical spectacular at Panama's Anayansi Theater and toured the southeastern United States with Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández.[3]

In 2001 Tañón recorded a CD titled, "Yo por Ti" (Me for You), which won both American and Latin Grammys. The first single, Como Olvidar, topped the U.S. Billboard Top Latin Tracks. The CD became a best-seller in Puerto Rico, Latin America, and among the Hispanic population in the United States. In 2002 Tañón toured many countries, including Venezuela, Panama and the United States. That year she became the first merengue artist to successfully score a chart topper in the Middle East when her partnership with Egyptian music singer Hakim yielded the highly successful Arabian hit, Ah Ya Albi. In 2003, Tañón toured Europe and made a total of ten recordings for WEA Latina. In 2003 she released Sobrevivir and won her fourth Grammy. She also married Billy Denizard, with whom she had two sons, Indiana Noa and Ian Nahir.[3]

As part of an international tour called "Evolution Tour 2008", Tañón traveled to Italy where she made a presentation at the Festival Latinoamericano on July 5, 2008.[6] In 2005, Tañón released her hit album, "Una Nueva Mujer", which won Best Contemporary Tropical Album at the 2006 Latin Grammys.

In support of Latin American immigrants in the U.S., in 2006 Tañón recorded, "Nuestro Himno" in collaboration with Pitbull, Carlos Ponce, and Wyclef Jean. On May 2, 2010, Tañón first performed in Iquitos a concert where presented her classic songs. The concert was part of her tour, which started in Peru.[7][8]

On February 22, 2007 Tañón won 3 awards at the 19th edition of Premio Lo Nuestro.[9] During the 2006 show, she won in the categories: "Album of the Year", "Female Artist" and "Song of the Year". She holds the record as the artist who has won the most "Premio Lo Nuestro Awards", with a total of 29.

In June 2009, Tañón released a new hit single called "Amor Entre Tres" which is the theme song for the new soap opera in Venezuela called "La Vida Entera." That month, WEA Latina released "25 Exitos de Fuego Vol. 1 & Vol. 2." Each CD has a set of greatest hits through her entire career of merengue and Latin pop. In September 2009 participated, next to Juanes and other internationally acclaimed artists, in "Concierto por la Paz" at Plaza de la Revolucion in La Habana, Cuba.[3]

In 2011 the first of three Tañon albums was released on the Mia Musa Label: "Ni Una Lagrima más’". In 2013 "Una Mujer" was released, and in 2017 "Olga Tañon y Punto".




Los Temerarios

Los Temerarios are a Mexican musicgroup. They were started in 1978 by brothers Adolfo Angel and Gustavo Angel and their cousin Fernando Angel. During their early years, they were known as "Conjunto La Brisa".

"Los Temerarios" have recorded more than 20 albums. They have gotten many awards and award nominations. In 1991, they earned 5 Billboard awards nominations in the Latin categories. 


Great Lake Swimmers

Great Lake Swimmers is a Canadian folk rock and Indie band originally from Wainfleet, Ontario and now based in Toronto, Ontario. They released their self-titled debut album on January 28, 2003 and it was re-released on April 5, 2005. Great Lake Swimmers has five members in the band; the current band members are Tony Dekker, Erik Arnesen, Greg Millson, Miranda Mulholland and Bret Higgins. The band was named Favourite Folk/Roots Artist/Group in 2010 by the Canadian Indie Awards.



Bottle tree

The bottle tree is a plant that has adapted to hot climates, such as the desert. They are called bottle trees because the shape of their trunk is a bottle shape. There are several different species including:


The name bottle tree is also used to describe an artificial tree made of glass bottles, usually of colored glass. Associated with Hoodoo and primarily found in the Southern United States.

Principality of Polotsk

The Principality of Polotsk, also known as the Kingdom of Polotsk or the Duchy of Polotsk was a medieval principality of the Early East Slavs. It was considered one of the principalities in the Kievan Rus'. It had a wide degree of power to make its own rules. It was started around the ancient town of Polotsk. It is not clear the date it started. Polotsk is mentioned in the mid 9th century as part of Novgorod. In the second half of 10th century Polotsk was ruled by its own dynasty. The first ruler that is mentioned in the history was a semi-legendary Rogvolod (? - 978). Rogvolod is better known as the father of Rogneda. The Principality was in several succession crises of the 11-12th centuries and a war with the Land of Novgorod. By the 13th century it was added into the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. At the time it was largest the principality stretched over large parts of today's northern and central Belarus and a smaller part of today's southeastern Latvia.

Grand Duchy of Lithuania

The Grand Duchy of Lithuania was a European state from the 12th
–13th century until 1569. In 1569 it became a part of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth until 1791. It was started by the Lithuanians. The duchy grew to include large parts of the former Kievan Rus' and other Slavic lands. It covered the land of present-day Belarus, Latvia, Lithuania and parts of Estonia, Moldova, Poland, Russia and Ukraine. At its biggest in the 15th century, it was the largest state in Europe. There was great diversity in languages, religion, and cultural heritage.

Bringing together of the Lithuanian lands began in the late 12th century. Mindaugas, the first ruler of the Grand Duchy, was crowned as Catholic King of Lithuania in 1253. The pagan state was targeted in the religious crusade by the Teutonic Knights and the Livonian Order. When Gediminas began to rule, he allowed people to have different religions. This grew under his son Algirdas. In 1386 Jogaila changed the religion to Catholicism. He also made a dynastic union between the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Kingdom of Poland.
Vytautas the Great grew the land of the Grand Duchy. He also led the defeat of the Teutonic Knights in the Battle of Grunwald in 1410. After Vytautas's death, Lithuania's relationship with the Kingdom of Poland was not good. The Union of Lublin of 1569 created a new state, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. In this federation, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania had a separate government, laws, army, and treasury. They were invaded by Russia in 1792. The land was divided out among the Russian Empire, Prussia and Austria in 1795.

Kievan Rus'

Kievan Rus' (also known as Kyivan Rus) was a medieval state in Europe. It was from the late 9th to the mid 13th century. It broke apart under the Mongol invasion of 1237–1240.

At its peak, it stretched from the Baltic Sea in the north to the Black Sea in the south, and from the upper Vistula in the west to the middle Volga in the east.

The state was called "land of the Rus' " . The name "Kievan Rus' " was used in the 19th century to mean the time when the center was in Kyiv.

The early part of the state is sometimes known as the "Rus Khaganate". The history of Rus' proper begins in 882. This is when the capital was moved from Novgorod to Kyiv. This was after Varangians (Vikings), who were called Rus, freed this slavic city from the Khazars' tribute.
The state reached its most powerful in the mid 11th century. Its lands went south to the Black Sea, east to the Volga, and west to the Kingdom of Poland and to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
Vladimir the Great (980–1015) and his son Yaroslav I the Wise (1019–1054) ruled in the "Golden Age" of Kyiv. With the end of the Viking age, the state lost power in the late 11th and during the 12th century. The broke apart into various rival regional powers.

The various East Slavic principalities were brought together in the Russian Empire in the 18th century. The modern East Slavic states of Ukraine, Belarus, and Russia all get their identity from the early medieval state.

The Australian Ballet

The Australian Ballet is the largest classical ballet company in Australia. It was started in 1962 by J. C. Williamson Theatres Ltd. and the Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust. The first artistic director was Dame Peggy van Praagh, the English-born dancer, teacher, repetiteur and director. Today, it is recognised as one of the world's major international ballet companies.

Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic

The Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic was one of fifteen constituent republics of the Soviet Union (USSR). In 1922, it was one of the four founding members of the Soviet Union. The other three were the Ukrainian SSR, the Transcaucasian SFSR and the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR). Byelorussia was one of several Soviet republics occupied by Nazi Germany during World War II. The BSSR, along with the Ukrainian SSR and the Soviet Union, were founding members of the United Nations Organization (UN) in 1945. The end of the Soviet Republic occurred in 1991. The nation became an independent republic. 

The country renamed itself as the Republic of Belarus. In earlier time periods, Western Europeans called Byelorussian territory as White Russia. During its early years in the USSR, the republic was sometimes known as the White Russian Soviet Socialist Republic.

Republics of the Soviet Union

"“Soviet Socialist Republics” redirects here. For the country, see Soviet Union."

The Republics of the Soviet Union or the Union Republics of the Soviet Union were administrative units that report directly to the Government of the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union was a highly centralized state.

Artillery (band)

Artillery is a thrash metal band from Denmark. They started in 1982 and have split up and reformed twice.

So far, as of 2012, Artillery has released six studio albums, which include:


Voivod

Voivod is a heavy metal band from Canada. Their musical style has been changing since their beginnings. They started out as a speed metal band, but eventually began adding a mix of progressive metal and thrash metal to create their own unique metal style.

Today, Voivod have released eleven studio albums as well as one EP, one live album, two compilations, seven demos and one DVD featuring a live concert. They rose to popularity with their fifth studio album "Nothingface" (1989), which was the first Voivod album to enter the "Billboard" 200 charts, peaking at number 114, and is their most successful one yet. The last studio album Voivod released is "Target Earth", from 2013. They are working on a new album.

The band's bassist, Jason Newsted, joined Voivod after he left Metallica in 2001.


Soviet invasion of Poland

The 1939 Soviet invasion of Poland was a Soviet military operation that started without a formal declaration of war on 17 September, 1939. It was during the early stages of World War II. After Nazi Germany had invaded Poland from the west on September 1. The Soviet Union invaded from the east and ended on 6 October 1939. Germany and the Soviet Union divided the whole of the Second Polish Republic.

In early 1939, the Soviet Union asked the United Kingdom, France, Poland, and Romania to make an alliance against Nazi Germany. The Soviet Union wanted Poland and Romania to let Soviet troops go through their territory, but Poland and Romania refused. The Soviet Union made a secret deal with Nazi Germany on 23 August. They planned to divide Northern and Eastern Europe into German and Soviet lands.

One week later, German forces invaded Poland from the north, south, and west. Polish forces then withdrew to the southeast to wait for French and British support. The Soviet Red Army invaded the eastern Polish region of Kresy on 17 September. The Soviet government used the excuse that it was acting to protect the Ukrainians and Belarusians, who lived in the eastern part of Poland.

The Soviet government took pver the area. In November 1939, it made the 13.5 million formerly-Polish citizens become Soviet citizens. The Soviets sent hundreds of thousands of people from the region to Siberia and other remote parts of the Soviet Union.

Soviet forces stayed in eastern Poland until the summer of 1941, when the German Army invaded Operation Barbarossa. The area was under Nazi occupation until the Red Army reconquered it in the summer of 1944. An agreement at the Yalta Conference let the Soviet Union keep almost all of what it had occupied in the Second Polish Republic. The People's Republic of Poland got the southern half of East Prussia and lands east of the Oder-Neisse Line. The Soviet Union put those areas into the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic and the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic.

Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic

The Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic or in short, the Ukrainian SSR or Soviet Ukraine was in the southwestern part of the Soviet Union. It had the second largest population of the fifteen republics of the Soviet Union. This lasted from 1922 to 1991.

The Ukrainian SSR was a founding member of the United Nations. It did not really have much power because it was tightly controlled by central all-Soviet Union authorities. When the Soviet Union broke apart, the Ukrainian SSR became Ukraine.

During its 72-year history, the republic's borders changed many times. The eastern city of Kharkiv was the republic's first capital. However, in 1934, it was moved to the city of Kyiv. Kyiv is still the capital of Ukraine. Among other largest cities there were Odessa, Dnipropetrovsk, Donetsk (named Stalino before 1961), Lviv, Zaporizhia.

Ukrainian SSR was one of 4 first republics of USSR.

In 1939 some lands of Western Ukraine was incorporated in Ukrainian SSR. It was occupied by Poland in 1921 and had cities Lviv, Ternopil, Stanislav (now Ivano-Frankivsk), Rivne.

In 1940 was taken from Romania Nortern Bukovina (Chernivtsy oblast) and part of Bessarabia.

During the WWIV all of its territory was occupied. There was large partisan movements. 
Kyiv and Odessa became hero cities.

In 1953 former head of Communist party of Ukraine Nikita Khrushchev became the General Secretary of the CPSU. In 1964 he was removed by Ukrainian Leonid Brezhnev who was in office before his death in 1982.

In 1954 Crimea was incorporated in Ukrainian SSR.

In 1986 there was Chernobyl atomic station catastrophe.

In the republic there were about 29 mln people in 1926, 47.1 mln in 1970, 49.6 mln in 1979, 51.7 mln in 1989.

In 1989 5 cities had more than 1 million people. It was Kiev(2.6 mln), Kharkiv (1.6 mln), Dnipropetrovsk (1.2 mln), Odessa (1.1 mln) and Donetsk (1.1 mln).

The larger nation was Ukrainians, 2nd nation was Russians during all the history. Among the other nations were Jews, Belarusians, Moldovans and Romanians, Poles, Greeks.

Linear Pottery culture

The Linear Pottery culture was an important culture in the Neolithic(later Stone Age) of Europe. It was from 5500–4500 BC.
It is abbreviated as LBK and is also known as the Linear Band Ware, Linear Ware, Linear Ceramics or Incised Ware culture.
The most evidence for the culture is in Central Europe. It is important evidence for early farming in Europe. The pottery after which it was named has simple cups, bowls, vases and jugs, without handles. They were made as kitchen dishes, or for carrying food and drink. The pots had line patterns on them.

The LBK people lived over a period of 1000 years, long before the Bronze Age and farmed crops like wheat, lentils and peas. They also kept cows and dogs, and sometimes hunted in the forests around them for other animals, like deer.

Their diet probably didn't contain enough energy for them, as they often did not grow as tall as the people who came before them, or as people do now. This might have also been because of disease, which can spread more easily in a village than it can when people are moving about a lot and not seeing many other people, as people did before the Neolithic. People in the LBK culture probably died quite young, in their twenties or thirties, and many of their children would die before they grew up. 
If a person was very sick and in a lot of pain, the LBK people might have had access to opium which did not make them better but took away the pain. They probably knew how to make some illnesses better by using wild herbs as medicine.

The LBK people probably worshiped a mother goddess, who represented the fertility of the land they farmed.

Because this was before the Bronze or Iron Ages, there were no metal tools, and everything the LBK people had was made from either stone, wood and plants (such as flax which could be made into clothing, and things that could be got from animals (like leather or fur). They even had sickles, which are used for cutting down grass and are half-moon shaped blades with a handle coming off one end; however theirs were made of wood with sharp stone points glued into them for the cutting.

The LBK people lives in rectangular longhouses, and digging up an area often shows several clusters of about 6 of these long houses. The people in nearby clusters of houses probably knew each other and shared or traded their goods. Their houses were made of wood, mud and straw and they might have let their animals stay in there too.

Some LBK settlements have palisades, or long walls around them, to defend themselves from other people who might attack them. There are also some skeletons of LBK people that look like they died from battle injuries, and some look like they may have even been eaten by cannibals. This shows that there was a lot of war between nearby groups.

Important sites include Nitra in Slovakia; Bylany in the Czech Republic; Langweiler and Zwenkau in Germany; Brunn am Gebirge in Austria; Elsloo, Sittard, Köln-Lindenthal, Aldenhoven, Flomborn and Rixheim on the Rhine; Lautereck and Hienheim on the upper Danube; Rössen and Sonderhausen on the middle Elbe.

The Excavations at Oslonki in Poland had a large fortified settlement. There were nearly 30 longhouses and over 80 graves. This makes it one of the richest settlements in archaeological finds from all of central Europe.

Cimmerians

The Cimmerians or Kimmerians were ancient horse-riding nomads of Indo-European origin.

According to the Greek historian Herodotus, the Cimmerians lived in the north of the Caucasus and the Black Sea during the 8th and 7th centuries BC. They lived in what is now Ukraine and Russia. Others have said there is no evidence of Cimmerians in the southern parts of Russia.

Where the Cimmerians come from is unclear. Most think they belong to either Iranian or Thracian speaking groups. A recent DNA analysis (Oct. 2018) of three Cimmerians indicate "the appearance of East Asian haplogroups in the steppe populations might be associated with the Iron Age nomads, starting with the Cimmerians." The authors found it "noteworthy that the oldest of the Cimmerians studied here (cim357) carried almost equal proportions of Asian and West Eurasian components, resembling the Pazyryks, Aldy-Bel, and Iron Age individuals from Russia and Kazakhstan. The second oldest Cimmerian (cim358) was also the only one with both uniparental markers pointing toward East Asia. The Q1* Y chromosome sublineage of Q-M242 is widespread among Asians and Native Americans and is thought to have originated in the Altai Mountains. It has previously been identified in numerous ancient samples from Siberia, the Americas, and in representatives of the Siberian Bronze Age and nomadic populations. This is the first indication that Cimmerians did not originate in the PCS region but were nomads tracing their origin to the Far East." A new study in July 2019 revealed that 2 other Cimmerians were of haplogroup R1a-Z645 and R1a2c-B111.

Varangians

The Varangians or Varyags was the name given by Greeks and East Slavs to Vikings. Between the 9th and the 11th centuries they ruled the medieval state of Rus'. They were the personal bodyguards of the Byzantine Emperors, and formed the Byzantine Varangian Guard.

A group of Varangians known as the Rus' settled in Novgorod in 864, under the leadership of Rurik. Rurik's relative Oleg conquered Kiev in 882. He made the state of Kievan Rus', which was later ruled by Ruriks descendants. The name of the Rus' is the origin of the name Russia.

Varangians did trade, piracy and mercenary activities. They move around using the river systems and portages of Gardariki. The Gardariki was the areas north of the Black Sea. They had trade routes that connected Dark Age Europe with rich Arab Caliphates and the Byzantine Empire. Wanting the riches of Constantinople, Rus' Varangians started a number of Rus'-Byzantine Wars. Most of them, both in Byzantium and in Eastern Europe, were converted from paganism into Orthodox Christianity. Most scientific experts, including the ethnic Russian, Ukrainian and Belarusian people themselves, confirm the modern-day East Slavic ethnic group to be the direct, ancestral descendants of the Rus'.

Yaroslav the Wise

Yaroslav I, Grand Prince of Rus<nowiki>'</nowiki>, known as Yaroslav the Wise (c. 978 – February 20, 1054) was Grand Prince of Novgorod and Kyiv. He brought together the two principalities for a time under his rule.

A son of the Varangian (Viking) Grand Prince Vladimir the Great, he was vice-regent of Novgorod at the time of his father’s death in 1015. His oldest surviving brother, Svyatopolk the Accursed, killed three of his other brothers and took power in Kyiv. Yaroslav, with the support of the Novgorodians and the help of Varangian mercenaries, defeated Svyatopolk. He became the Grand Prince of Kyiv in 1019. Yaroslav started to write down the legal customs. This served as the basis for a law code called the Russkaya Pravda ("Russian Justice"). During his long reign, Rus' reached the height of its cultural flowering and military power.

Socialist Soviet Republic of Lithuania and Belorussia

Lithuanian–Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republic or Litbel was a Soviet republic. It was in the territories of modern Belarus and eastern Lithuania. It existed for about seven months during 1919. It was formed after the merger of Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic and the Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia. The republic was went away after the Polish Army took over its claimed territory of eastern Lithuania during the Polish–Soviet War.

Belarusian Democratic Republic

The Belarusian People's Republic, historically called the White Ruthenian Democratic Republic, was a self-declared independent Belarusian state. They said they were independent in 1918. It is also called the "Belarusian Democratic Republic" or the "Belarusian National Republic". This is to be separate from the Communist People's Republics. The BNR was recognized by several Central Powers and former Russian countries. It was not recognized by most of the international community. They country ended when Belarus went under Soviet control. The Belorussian SSR was founded in 1919.

The leaders of the government went into exile. They still say the Belarusian People's Republic is a country. 

Chairmans of the Council of BNR:

William Haines (Australian politician)

William Clark Haines (1810–3 February 1866) was the first Premier of Victoria. He served two terms as premier, the first from 30 November 1855 to 25 August 1856, and a second term from 29 April 1857 to 10 March 1858.

Born in London, Haines attended Charterhouse school, and then Cambridge University where he studied surgery. He moved to Victoria in 1842, and started farming around Geelong. After selling the farms in the 1850's he became a magistrate and was appointed to Victoria's Legislative Council. He helped to write the Victorian Constitution. In December 1854 he became the Colonial Secretary, and assisted the Governor of Victoria, Sir Charles Hotham. 

The British government passed the Victorian Constitution Act in 1855. Hotham was convinced to hand his power over as soon as possible. Haines and three other council members were made government ministers with the job of organizing the change to self-government. Haines was appointed by Hotham to be the Chief Secretary of Victoria and act as Premier until the elections could be orgaized. He resigned when several of the ministers wanted the elections by secret ballot. He thought this would increase corruption and bribery. He was reappointed when the Council decided that it, not the ministers should make the decision. He was the Chief Secretary until the first election in November 1856. After the election, as a member of the new Legislative Assembly, Haines became Premier until his government was defeated in 1857 by a group led by Sir John O'Shanassy. The O'Shanassy government was soon defeated and Haines again became Premier. In 1858 he was defeated during arguments about how the electorates should be divided. 

Haines traveled to the USA and Europe. On his return to Victoria in October 1860, he was again elected to the parliament, and became Treasurer in O'Shanassey's government. After losing his seat in 1863, he was appointed to the Legislative Council. 

Polish–Soviet War

The Polish–Soviet War (February 1919 – March 1921) was an armed conflict between Soviet Russia and Soviet Ukraine against the Second Polish Republic and the Ukrainian People's Republic. It was for control of what is now Ukraine and part of Belarus.

A formal peace treaty, the Peace of Riga, was signed on 18 March 1921. It divided the land between Poland and Soviet Russia. Much of the land that was given to Poland became part of the Soviet Union after World War II.

West Belarus

West Belarus is the name used to mean to the land of modern Belarus which belonged to the Second Polish Republic between 1919 and 1939.

The land is Hrodna and Brest voblasts. It is also parts of today's Minsk and Vitsebsk oblasts. The historical population of West Belarus included Belarusians, Poles, Lithuanians, Jews, and Russians.

Neman

Neman or Niemen or Nemunas is a major Eastern European river. It starts in Belarus and flows through Lithuania before draining into the Curonian Lagoon and then into the Baltic Sea at Klaipėda. It is the northern border between Lithuania and Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast in its lower reaches. It also very briefly forms part of the border between Lithuania and Belarus. It is the largest river in Lithuania and the 3rd largest in Belarus. People are able to travel on it for most of its 900-kilometer length. Its depth varies from one meter to five meters.

The Neman tributaries are:
the rivers Neris (Viliya), the Shchara, and the Šešupė, Svisloch, Nevėžis River, Dubysa, Jūra, Minija, Western Berezina, Zelvyanka, Molchad, Roś, Servech, Losha, Gorodnichanka and others.

The following fish have been found in the Neman: perch, pike, zander, roach, tench, bream, rudd, ruffe, and bleak. Its tributaries also contain stone loach, the three-spined stickleback, minnows, trout, sculpins, gudgeon, dace and chub.

Atlantic salmon used to migrate upstream to spawn. The dams on the river made there be less. The dam at Kaunas does not provide fish ladders.

Pripyat (river)

The Pripyat River or Prypiat River is a river in Eastern Europe. It is about long. It flows east through Ukraine, Belarus, and Ukraine again. It drains into the Dnieper.

The Pripyat passes through the zone of alienation around the Chernobyl reactor, site of the nuclear disaster. It is polluted with radionuclides. The amount of caesium-137 in river sediments continues to go up. The city of Prypiat, Ukraine (population 45,000) was completely evacuated after the Chernobyl disaster.

Dzyarzhynskaya Hara

Dzyarzhynskaya Hara is the highest point in Belarus. The hill is 345 meters (1,130 ft) above sea level. It is west of Minsk, near Dzyarzhynsk, in the village Skirmuntava. The original name of the hill was Svyataya Hara. In 1958 the hill was renamed "Hara Dzyarzhynskaya", after Felix Dzerzhinsky, the founder of the NKVD/KGB.

SMK Jalan Damai

Jalan Damai Secondary School or simply SMK Jalan Damai, is a national secondary school located in Kampung Baru, Penang, Malaysia. It has about 2370 students and 120 teachers.

SMK Jalan Damai, Bukit Mertajam was founded on 5th January 1970. At that time, it was known as Sekolah Menengah Rendah, Bukit Mertajam (the Lower Secondary School, Bukit Mertajam) with a total of 717 students and 29 teachers (including a religious teacher and a principal Mr. A. Gopala Krishnan).During that time, the official buildings were still under construction, so the students had to share facilities and spaces with Sekolah Tinggi Bukit Mertajam (Bukit Mertajam High School) in the afternoon session. At the end of 1973, the new buildings (14 classrooms, 3 science labs, 2 domestic science rooms, industrial arts workshop and canteen) were completed on Jalan Damai, Bukit Mertajam. On the 7th of January 1974, 602 students moved to the new buildings.
In December 2020, SMK Jalan Damai has changed principle again. The new principle's name is Dr. Ooi Yek Hwa. He succeeded the job from Mr Lee Cheah Kuen. Mr Lee Cheak Kuen retired on December 2020. ..

Governor of Victoria

The Governor of Victoria represents the head of state, Elizabeth II in the Australian state of Victoria. The Governor performs the same tasks at the state level as the Governor-General of Australia at the national level. The Governor's office and official residence is Government House in central Melbourne.

The current Governor of Victoria is a former judge, Linda Dessau.

In a Westminster system of parliamentary government, the Governor nearly always acts on the advice of the head of the elected government, the Premier of Victoria. However, the Governor retains the reserve powers of the Crown, and has the right to dismiss the Premier.

There is also a Lieutenant-Governor and an Administrator. The Chief Justice of Victoria is the Administrator, unless he or she is the Lieutenant-Governor, in which case, the next most senior judge is the Administrator. The Lieutenant-Governor takes on the job of the Governor when that post is vacant, when the Governor is out of the State, or is unable to act. The Administrator takes on those duties if both the Governor and Lieutenant-Governor are unable to act. 

The first Australian (and Victorian) born Governor of Victoria was Sir Henry Winneke (appointed 1974). Apart from Dr Davis McCaughey (b. Ireland), Professor David de Kretser (b. Ceylon) and Alex Chernov (b. Lithuania), all governors since 1974 have been born in Australia.

Before 1855, the Governor-General of New South Wales appointed Lieutenant-Governors to Victoria.


Alex Chernov

Alex Chernov AC QC (born 12 May 1938) was the Governor of Victoria from 2011 through 2015.

Chernov was born in Lithuania to Russian parents, and moved with his family to Salzburg, Austria where he started school. In 1949 his family moved to Australia and he completed his schooling at Melbourne High School. He studied commerce (business) and law at the University of Melbourne during the 1960s.

Chernov became a barrister in 1968, practising mostly in commercial law and equity. He was made a Queen's Counsel in 1980. He was Chairman of the Victorian Bar 1985–86, Vice-President of the Australian Bar Association 1986–87 and President of the Law Council of Australia 1990–91. He was Vice President of LawAsia 1995–1997.

He wrote a book with Robert Brooking AO, "Tenancy Law and Practice: Victoria" (1972) and edited the second edition (1980).

In May 1997 he was appointed to the Trial Division of the Supreme Court of Victoria, and in October 1998 to the Court of Appeal. He retired in February 2008.

He was elected the 20th Chancellor of the University of Melbourne in January 2009, serving in that office until he resigned to become Governor of Victoria.

On 21 February 2011, it was announced that he would become the 28th Governor of Victoria. He took officee on 8 April 2011.

Chernov is married with three children.

Chernov was appointed Queen's Counsel in and for the State of Victoria in 1980.

Chernov was created an Officer of the Order of Australia in the 2007 Queen's Birthday Honours list for service to the law and education.

On 26 January 2011, Chernov was named a Companion of the Order of Australia.


Yellow-billed magpie

The yellow-billed magpie ("Pica nuttalli") is a species of magpie, a type of songbird. It is a medium-sized member of the crow family with glossy black and white plumage and a yellow beak. The yellow-billed magpie lives only in California where it can be found in dry and warm oak savannah and shady valleys along the Central Valley. It is an omnivorous species: Insects and seeds are its main food, but it also takes carrion, small vertebrates and eggs. The breeding season of the yellow-billed magpie starts in April and it takes until the end of June for all chicks to fledge. The birds breed in loose colonies of 3−30 nests and they feed in flocks of several dozens.

John James Audubon was the first person to formally describe the yellow-billed magpie. He named it ""Corvus nuttalli"" to honor the naturalist Thomas Nuttall. Within the genus "Pica", the species is closest to the North American black-billed magpie ("P. hudsonia"). Both species share a common ancestor that migrated from Kamtchatka to Alaska some time in the Pleistocene. Black-billed and yellow-billed magpie diverged as a result of the glaciation of the Rocky Mountains. The yellow-billed yagpie became isolated in the warm climate of California and adapted to it. The species' population was hit hard by the outbreak of the West Nile Virus after 1999. It is currently not considered as endangered, but the virus and the degradation of its habitat pose a serious threat to some populations.

Ealing Broadway station

Ealing Broadway railway station is a station of the London Underground and National Rail.

Hayes &amp; Harlington railway station

Hayes & Harlington railway station is a railway station in London. 

Heathrow Terminals 2 &amp; 3 tube station

Heathrow Terminals 2 & 3 is a station of the London Underground. It is at Heathrow Airport and serves terminals 2 and 3 of the airport. The station used to be called Heathrow Terminals 1, 2, 3 until January 2016 when Heathrow Terminal 1 closed. Although the station has been renamed, the signage and announcements on the train and platform do not use the new name. It is on the Heathrow branch of the Piccadilly Line.

William Hogarth

William Hogarth (10 November 1697 – 26 October 1764) was an English painter, printmaker, pictorial satirist, social critic and editorial cartoonist. 

He is said to have started western sequential art. His work ranged from realistic portraits to comic strip-like series of pictures called "modern moral subjects". His work is so well known that satirical political illustrations in this style are often referred to as "Hogarthian".

In 1731, he completed a series of moral works which made him recognised as a great and original genius. This was "A Harlot's Progress". It was first done as paintings, which are now lost. Then the series was published as engravings. In the six scenes, the fate of a country girl who became a prostitute in town is traced out. At the start, the girl meets a bawd, a woman who persuades her to take up prostitution. At her shameful end, the girl dies of venereal disease and there follows a merciless funeral ceremony. The engraving show vivid scenes of drunken and loose behaviour. The series was an immediate success.

"A Rake's Progress" showed in eight pictures the reckless life of Tom Rakewell, the son of a rich merchant. Tom wastes all his money on luxurious living, whoring, and gambling, and dies in Bedlam. The original paintings of "A Rake's Progress" is displayed in the gallery room at Sir John Soane's Museum, London.

In 1743–1745 Hogarth painted the six pictures of "Marriage à-la-mode" (National Gallery, London), a pointed skewering of upper class 18th century society. This moralistic warning shows the miserable tragedy of an ill-considered marriage for money. This is regarded by many as his finest project and may be among his best planned story serials. Marital ethics were the topic of much debate in 18th century Britain. Marriages of convenience, and their unhappiness, came in for particular criticism.

The series shows the story of the fashionable marriage of the son of bankrupt Earl Squanderfield to the daughter of a rich but miserly city merchant. It starts with the signing of a marriage contract at the Earl's mansion and ending with the murder of the son by his wife's lover, and the suicide of the daughter after her lover is hanged at Tyburn.

In the twelve prints of "Industry and Idleness" (1747) Hogarth showed the lives of two apprentices, one of whom is dedicated and hard working, the other idle. The industrious apprentice becomes Sheriff and Lord Mayor of London. The idle turns one to crime. In the end, he is executed at Tyburn. The idle apprentice is sent to the gallows by the industrious apprentice himself.

This shows the work ethic of Protestant England, where those who work hard get rewarded, and those who do not end badly, 

"Beer Street" and "Gin Lane" (1751) was his warning on alcoholism. They were two engravings designed to be seen side by side. Hogarth engraved "Beer Street" to show a happy city drinking the 'good' beverage of English beer. On the other side was "Gin Lane". This showed the effects of drinking gin which, as a harder liquor, caused more problems for society. People are shown as healthy, happy and prosperous in "Beer Street", while in "Gin Lane" they are scrawny, lazy and careless. 

The woman at the front of "Gin Lane" who lets her baby fall to its death, echoes the tale of Judith Dufour who strangled her baby so she could sell its clothes for gin money. The prints were published in support of what would become the Gin Act of 1751.

Hogarth's friend, the magistrate Henry Fielding, may have got Hogarth to help with propaganda for the Gin Act: "Beer Street" and "Gin Lane" were issued shortly after Fielding's work "An Enquiry into the Causes of the Late Increase of Robbers, and Related Writings".

Other prints were his outcry against inhumanity in "The Four Stages of Cruelty" (published 21 February 1751). Hogarth depicts the cruel treatment of animals, and suggests what will happen to people who carry on in this manner. In the first picture there are scenes of torture of dogs, cats and other animals. The second shows one of the characters from the first painting, Tom Nero, has now become a coach driver, and his cruelty to his horse has caused it to break its leg. In the third painting Tom is shown as a murderer, with the woman he killed lying on the ground, while in the fourth, titled "Reward of Cruelty", the murderer is shown being dissected by surgeons after his execution. The method of execution, and the dissection, reflect the 1752 Act of Parliament. This allowed the public dissection of criminals who had been executed for murder.

Hogarth wished to stop "that barbarous (mean) treatment of animals, the very sight of which renders [makes] the streets of our metropolis so distressing to every feeling mind".

"The Humours of an Election" is a series of four oil paintings and later engravings by Hogarth. They show what went on in the 1754 election of a Member of Parliament. The oil paintings were created in 1755. 

At this time each constituency elected two MPs, and there was a property qualification for voters, so only a minority of the male population was enfranchised. There was no secret ballot, so bribery and threats were used to raise votes.

The originals are held by Sir John Soane's Museum, London.

Hogarth was also a popular portrait painter. In 1746 he painted actor David Garrick as Richard III. He was paid £200, “which was more,” he wrote, “than any English artist ever received for a single portrait”. In the same year a sketch of Simon Fraser, 11th Lord Lovat, afterwards beheaded on Tower Hill, had an exceptional success. 

Hogarth's portrait of his friend, the philanthropic Captain Coram (1740; Thomas Coram Foundation for Children, now Foundling Museum), and his unfinished oil sketch of "The Shrimp Girl" (National Gallery, London) are highly regarded. There are also portraits of his wife and his two sisters and of many others.

Andrew Huxley

Sir Andrew Huxley OM FRS (Andrew Fielding Huxley, 22 November 1917 – 30 May 2012) was an English physiologist and biophysicist.

Huxley was born in Hampstead, London. He was the youngest son of writer and editor Leonard Huxley by his second wife Rosalind Bruce. He was the half-brother of writer Aldous Huxley and fellow biologist Julian Huxley, and grandson of biologist T H. Huxley. He studied Natural Sciences at Trinity College, Cambridge.

Huxley won the 1963 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Alan Hodgkin and John Eccles for his experimental and mathematical work with Alan Hodgkin on the basis of nerve action potentials. These are the electrical impulses that make nerve fibres work, and so the whole central nervous system.

Hodgkin and Huxley shared the prize that year with Sir John Eccles, who was cited for research on nerve synapses. Hodgkin and Huxley's findings led the pair to suggest the existence of ion channels, which were found only decades later.

Huxley was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society on 17 March 1955. He was President of the Royal Society from 1980 to 1985, and Master of Trinity from 1984–1990. He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II on 12 November 1974, and appointed to the Order of Merit on 11 November 1983.



Shōkyō

, also known as Shōkei, was a of the Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after Gentoku and before Kemmu. This period started in April 1332 and ended in April 1334. The pretender in Kyoto was . Kōgon's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time was .





Satyendra Nath Bose

Professor Satyendra Nath Bose laid down the basics for the Bose–Einstein statistics and the theory of the Bose–Einstein condensate. The boson, a kind of particle of matter, is named in his honor. He was a member of the Royal Society and was awarded India's second highest civilian award (called the Padma Vibhushan) in 1954.

Bose’s works helped statistical mechanics, the electromagnetic properties of the ionosphere, the theories of X-ray crystallography, and unified field theory. This work also led Einstein to work with him.

Bose was interested in many subjects including physics, mathematics, chemistry, biology, mineralogy, philosophy, arts, literature and music. He worked on many research and development projects for India and England. He mostly spent his life in London. 

Richard Dawson

Richard Dawson (20 November 1932 – 2 June 2012) was an English-American actor and television presenter. 

Dawson was born Colin Lionel Emm in Gosport, Hampshire to an American father and English mother. Dawson married Diana Dors in 1959; they lived in California. The couple had two sons, entertainment manager Mark (born 1960) and Gary (born 1962). She left him and in 1967 the couple divorced. His second marriage lasted from 1991 until his death from esopheageal cancer in Los Angeles, California.

Dawson played a prisoner of war in "Hogan's Heroes" and hosted "Family Feud". 

Chelsea Bridge

Chelsea Bridge is a bridge over the River Thames in west London. It connects Chelsea on the north bank to Battersea on the south bank.

There have been two Chelsea Bridges, on the site of what was an ancient crossing.

The first Chelsea Bridge was called Victoria Bridge. It opened in 1857.

The old bridge was replaced by the current one in 1937.

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames.


Swindon

Swindon is a large town in the Borough of Swindon in the county of Wiltshire, South West England. It is the largest settlement in Wiltshire. About 234,000 people live there. It is 81 miles west of London, 40 miles west of Reading, Berkshire, and 40 miles east of Bristol.


Strusta Lake

Strusta Lake is a lake of Vitebsk Province, Belarus. It is part of the Braslau Lakes national park.

Vitebsk Region

Vitebsk Region, Vitsebsk Voblast, or Vitebsk Oblast is a region (voblast) of Belarus. The administrative center is Vitebsk (Viciebsk). As of a 2009, the region had a population of 1,230,800.

Important cities within the region include Vitebsk, Orsha, and Navapolatsk.

The Vitsebsk Voblast is divided into 21 raions, 5 cities of oblast subordinance, 19 additional cities, 249 selsovets, and 26 urban-type settlements.

Vitebsk

Vitebsk, also known as Viciebsk or Vitsyebsk is a city in Belarus, near the border with Russia. It is the capital of the Vitebsk Oblast. In 2004 it had 342,381 people. This makes it the country's fourth largest city. It is served by Vitebsk Vostochny Airport and Vitebsk air base.

The main universities of Vitebsk are Vitebsk State Technological University, Vitebsk State Medical University and Vitebsk State University named in honor of Pyotr Masherov.

In 1919, Vitebsk was made a part of the Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia. Then it was transferred to the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic and later to the short-lived Litbel. In 1924, it was returned to Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic.

According to a legend, the city was founded by the Kyiv princess Olga in 974. The first mention of Vitebsk is dated 1021 AD, where it is said that Yaroslav the Wise handed over two cities ("Vosvyach and Vidbesk") to Prince Bryachislav Izyaslavych. 

In 1165-1167, due to feudal strife, the Vitebsk principality gradually began to lose importance and fell under the rule of the Smolensk princes.

Armed Forces of Belarus

The Armed Forces of Belarus are the Ground Forces and the Belarusian Air Force. All are under the command of the Ministry of Defense of the Republic of Belarus. Lieutenant general Yurij Viktorovich Zhadobin is the Minister of Defense since December 4, 2009. Being a landlocked country, Belarus has no navy.

The Ministry of Defence of the Republic of Belarus is the government group that has the duties of raising and maintaining the Armed Forces of Belarus. The formation of the ministry began in 1992. This was a year after the end of the Soviet Union and Belarus becoming an independent state.


Sumida River

The is a Japanese river which flows through Tokyo. It crosses the north part of Tokyo and drains into Tokyo Bay.

The Sumida runs through Tokyo for 27 kilometers. There are 26 bridges across the river, including
















Brest Region

Brest Voblast (Province) or Brest Oblast is a province (voblast) of Belarus. The administrative center is Brest. Important cities in the voblast include: Baranovichi, Brest, and Pinsk.

The region was formed in 1939 after Western Belarus rejoined the Byelorussian SSR. Today it has 16 districts (raions), 225 selsovets, 20 cities, 5 city municipalities, 9 urban-type settlements, and 2178 villages.

Brest, Belarus

Brest is a city in Belarus. It is at the border with Poland opposite the city of Terespol, where the Bug River and Mukhavets rivers meet. It is the capital city of the Brest Region.

There are two universities in Brest: A.S.Pushkin State University and Brest State Technical University. There are some newspapers in Brest: Brestskaya Gazeta, Brestskiy Kurier, Brestskiy Vestnik, Vecherniy Brest, Zarya.

Brest is one of the oldest cities of the Galicia-Volyn principality. It was first mentioned in the Lawrence Chronicle in 1017 as a city of Derevlyany. The Novgorod first chronicle mentions this city in the year 1017 "Yaroslav goes to Brest". It is also mentioned in the Tale of Past Years around 1019: Sviatopolk, defeated by Yaroslav Volodymyrovych, fled to Poland via Brest. 

As a border town, Brest was often attacked by Yatvyags, Poles, Lithuanians, and Teutonic Knights. The city was the center of the Brest land and one of the most important cities of Kievan Rus and the Galicia-Volyn principality. 

In 1020 Brest was captured by the King of Poland Boleslaw the Brave, but in 1022 the city was recaptured by Jaroslav the Wise. In 1210 Brest was captured by Konrad Mazowiecki and Leszek Krakowski, but in 1213 the Russian army of Danylo Halytsky returned the city. In 1241 Brest was completely devastated by the Tatars. It was rebuilt by the Volyn princes. Princes Mstislav Danilovich and Yuri Lvovich competed for Brest. 

In the 1320s, Brest was captured by the Lithuanian prince Gediminas. In the 1340s, Brest was ruled by the Lithuanian prince Keystut. In 1366, under the agreement of the Lithuanian prince Olgerd with the Poles, Brest passed to Keystut. In 1379 Brest was burned by the Teutonic knights. In 1382 Brest was besieged by the Polish prince Janusz Mazowiecki. In 1390 the city received the Magdeburg rights in the Holy Roman Empire. In 1397, the Teutonic Knights again ravaged the city.

From 1413 to 1510 the city, together with Brest County, was part of the Trotsky Voivodeship. In 1463 Brest was burned by the Crimean Tatar army led by Mengli-Girey. In 1491 a hospital for the crippled was opened in Brest at the expense of local magnates. In 1500, Mengli-Girey ravaged the city again.

In 1553 the first printing house in the Ukrainian lands was founded in Brest, which published about 40 books in Polish. In the middle of the 16th century, the printing house in Brest was for a short time the center of publishing of Polish-Lithuanian Protestants. In 1563, it published the Bible in Polish.

In 1566, it became the center of the newly created Brest Voivodeship. In 1591 the St. Nicholas Brotherhood began to operate at the Church of St. Nicholas in the city.

In 1596 the Union of Brest was agreed at the church cathedral in Brest. The Eastern Orthodox bishops agreed a union with the Roman Catholic Church. At this Council in the Cathedral Church of St. Nicholas on October 18 (8), 1596, most of the hierarchs of the Kyiv metropolis accepted the union. In 1614 a Jesuit college was founded in Brest.

In September 1648, after the appearance of a small Cossack detachment near Brest, an uprising took place. The nobility was overthrown and declared to join the Hetmanate. The uprising in Brest was suppressed in January 1649 by the Polish army led by Lithuanian Hetman Janusz Radziwill. The city was captured and severely devastated. In 1649 another uprising took place in Brest, during which 2,000 people died. After the Polish occupation of the city, Colonel Duminsky of the Zaporizhzhya Army organized an underground insurgent network in Brest on Khmelnytsky's instructions. He was arrested in the summer of 1651 and later executed.

In 1657, the city was ravaged by the troops of Rakoczi and Karl Gustav. In January 1660, Brest was taken over by the Moscow army led by Khovansky, but in 1661 the Polish army regained control of the city.

In the second half of the XVII century it declined. The city had a Basilian monastery and the Church of the Apostles Peter and Paul.

In 1705 the city was captured by the Saxon army led by Augustus II. In 1707, Swedish troops devastated a number of settlements in Polissya, including Brest. In 1792, the city became the center of the leaders of the Trade Confederation, which opposed the Polish constitution of 1791. 

In 1795, Brest, together with the western part of the Brest Voivodeship, became part of the Russian Empire. In 1801, it became a county town of the Grodno province and officially became known as Brest-Litovsk. In 1802, a fire broke out in Brest, destroying 160 houses. In 1822 and 1828, two more fires broke out in the city, the first of which burned down the commercial part of Brest, and during the fire of 1828 - 220 houses, including the Greek Catholic Church, the Brigitte Monastery, 150 slaughterhouses and 5 Jewish schools.

In order to build a fortress, the Russian authorities completely destroyed the old town of Brest, located between the Western Bug and the Mukhavets. To the east, in 1831, a new city with the old name was founded.

In the second half of the XIX century Brest became a railway junction. Its trade value increased and the population grew (up to 20,000 people in 1880). In 1873 and 1882, workers' strikes took place in the city. In 1905-1907, during revolutionary demonstrations throughout the Russian Empire, workers' strikes took place in Brest as well.

At the beginning of the 20th century, the officer of the fortress Onopriy Vasylenko (Ohrim Varnak) founded a theatrical troupe in the city, organized meetings with readings of Ukrainian classics, rallies of 1905 and celebrations of Taras Shevchenko's anniversaries. In 1902-1914, the troupe staged works by Ivan Kotlyarevsky, Ivan Karpenko-Kary, Hryhoriy Kvitka-Osnovyanenko, and Mark Kropyvnytsky. In 1915-1918, first in Bila Pidlaska, and later in Brest, the Ukrainian weekly Ridne Slovo was published. In 1916, one of the first Enlightenment centers in Polissya was founded in Brest.

In December 1917, peace talks between the Central Powers and the Ukrainian People's Republic and Bolshevik Russia began in Brest. According to the Brest Peace Treaty, signed on February 9, 1918 in the White Palace of the Brest Fortress, Brest, Kholm and Podlasie became part of the Ukrainian People's Republic. In March 1918, the Kholm Provincial Eldership (province) was formed as part of the Ukrainian People's Republic, and Brest became its administrative center. Ukrainian periodicals were published in the city: "Ridne slovo", "Mir", "Visnyk Kholmskoho gubernialskoho starostva". In 1918, a local troupe (Vasyl Dmytriyuk, Bigunivna, G. Drozd, Prokop) staged Ivan Kotlyarevsky's Natalka Poltavka in Brest, and the funds raised went to Turkevych's orphanage. On December 1, 1918, the founding congress of the Enlightenment was held in Brest.

On February 2, 1919, Polish troops entered the Brest region, first capturing the Brest Fortress and later Brest itself.

In 1920, the Ukrainian division of General Bezruchko was established in Brest. In 1920, Brest was captured by Bolshevik troops, but in the same year they were driven out by the Polish army. On March 21, 1920, the 6th Reserve Brigade of the UPR Army under the command of General Ivan Fedenyak-Bilynsky was based in Brest. From 1920, a camp of interned regiments of the UGA operated in the city, and in 1930-1931 it was a prison for opposition deputies.

Rectifier

A rectifier is a device that can convert Alternating current (AC) to Direct current (DC). This is a process called rectification. Many rectifiers in the 20th century were made of metals like copper, iron, and silver. Nowadays most are semiconductors.

"Half-wave rectifiers" only have one side of a waveform, while the "full-wave rectifiers" use both sides of a waveform. The left-hand side of the full-wave rectifier circuit consists of four diodes: a diode bridge. Half-wave current is a current that can only flow in alternate current, a full-wave current can flow both alternating current and direct current. 

Diode bridge is electrical circuit that consists of four diodes. It acts as a full wave rectifier to convert alternating current to direct current.

Gomel Region

Homiel Voblast, Homyel Oblast or Gomel Oblast is a province (voblast) of Belarus. Its administrative center is Gomel.

Important cities in the voblast include: Gomel, Mazyr, Zhlobin, Svetlahorsk, Rechytsia, Kalinkavichy, Rahachow, Dobrush

Homiel Province and Mahilyow Voblast were hurt severely after the Chernobyl nuclear reactor catastrophe. The Gomel Province borders the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone in places. Part of it is a mandatory or voluntary resettlement areas as a result of the radioactive contamination.

The Homiel Voblast has 21 districts (raions), 278 selsovets, 17 cities, and 8 city municipalities.

Gomel

Gomel (also Homiel, Homel) is the administrative center of Gomel Voblast. It is the second-largest city in Belarus. It has a population of 482,652 (2009 census). Gomel is in the southeastern part of the country, on the right bank of Sozh river. It is to the South-East from Minsk, to the East from Brest, to the South from Mogilev, to the West from Bryansk and to the North from Chernihiv. The city's area is 121 km.


Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II

The Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II was an event to celebrate the reign of Queen Elizabeth II for 60 years since 1952.

A royal on the Thames was one of several events which marked the special anniversary. The Queen and members of her family were on board the "Spirit of Chartwell" royal barge. The barge was joined by a 1,000-boat parade down the river Thames.


George W. Snyder

George W. Snyder (1780-1841) was an American watchmaker and inventor. Snyder invented the fishing reel in the 1820s.

The Long Good Friday

The Long Good Friday is a 1980 British crime movie. It is set in London. It was directed by John Mackenzie and written by Barrie Keeffe. It stars Bob Hoskins as gangster Harold Shand and Helen Mirren as Victoria.

Grodno Region

Grodno/Hrodna Region is a voblast (province) in northwestern Belarus.

The capital Grodno is the biggest city of the province. It is on the Neman River. Two castles from the 14th - 18th centuries are on the steep right bank of the Nemen. Many say this city is one of the most beautiful in Belarus. The Orthodox "St Boris & St Gleb (Kalozhskaya) Church" dating back to the 12th century, is the second oldest in Belarus.

The Mir Castle Complex, a 16th-century historical landmark as well as part of the Belovezhskaya Pushcha nature reserve, both UNESCO World Heritage sites are in this region.

The Grodno Region is divided into 17 districts (raions), 194 selsovets, 12 cities, 6 city municipalities, and 21 urban-type settlements.

Mogilev Region

Mogilev Region, also Mahilyow Voblasts (Province) or Mogilyov Oblast is a province (voblast) of Belarus. The administrative center is Mogilyov (Mahilyow).

Mogilev and Homyel Voblasts suffered severely after the Chernobyl nuclear radioactive reactor catastrophe in April 1986.

Important cities in the voblast are: Mogilyov, Asipovichy, and Babruysk.

Many rivers flow through the Mahilyow Voblast. They include the: Dnieper River (Dniapro), Berezina, Sozh, Druts, Pronya and Ptsich rivers.

There are 21 districts (raions), 195 selsovets, 14 towns, 3 city municipalities, and 12 urban-type settlements.

Mogilev

Mogilev (also spelled Mogilyov or Mahilyow) is a city in eastern Belarus. It is about from the border with Russia's Smolensk Oblast and from the border with Russia's Bryansk Oblast. As of 2011, 360,918 people lived there. It is the administrative centre of Mahilyow Voblast. It is the third largest city in Belarus.

Have I Got News for You

Have I Got News for You is a British comedy television panel game shown on the BBC. It began on 28 September 1990. During each episode, two teams compete to win points by answering questions on recent news events. Each team has a captain and two celebrity guests. One captain is Ian Hislop, the other is Paul Merton. The host was Angus Deayton until he was sacked in October 2002. Since then, there have been many guest presenters.

Series 61 ended in 2021.

Many guests have appeared on the programme multiple times. 

One More Night

One More Night is a song performed by American pop rock group Maroon 5 from their fourth studio album "Overexposed." The single was released for digital download and contemporary radio on June 26, 2012. The song was written by frontman Adam Levine, producer Shellback, executive Max Martin and Savan Kotecha and was produced by Ryan Tedder. The song debuted live at Revel in Atlantic City, New Jersey on the evening of May 18, 2012 and was viraly uploaded by several other people on YouTube the next day. The pop-reggae fused song was announced on May 22nd on the band's official site that it would serve as the second single for their fourth album. 

The song was recorded live in Los Angeles, California earlier in 2012. The band said in an interview with Rolling Stone that it the band's first attempt at trying a reggae song and fusing it with a simple pop melody.

The song was released on the same day as their fourth studio album "Overexposed" on June 26, 2012. 

Terrell, Texas

Terrell is a city in Kaufman County, Texas, United States. It is a southeastern suburb of Dallas. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 17,465. Terrell is east of Dallas.

Terrell is the home of the Terrell State Hospital, a psychiatric inpatient hospital with 316 beds operated under the direction of the Texas Department of State Health Services.

Jamie Foxx, an actor, grew up in Terrell and graduated in 1986 from Terrell High School, along with Cynthea Rhodes, a member of the USA Track & Field team in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. Joe Doucet a notable American designer graduated in 1988. Terrell High School has also graduated four NFL players which are: Brice McCain, who was drafted in the NFL by the Houston Texans; C.J. Wilson, who played for the Los Angeles Angels; and Kenoy Kennedy, who played for the Denver Broncos and Detroit Lions; and Darius Johnson who played for the Denver Broncos.

Current U.S. Congressman Lance Gooden is a native of Terrell.

Minsk Region

Minsk Voblasc (Province) or Minsk Oblast is a province (voblast) of Belarus. The administrative center is Minsk. As of 2019, the voblast's population is 1,503,000, which has 15.3% of the national total.

In the northern part of the oblast is the Lake Narach, the largest lake of the country.

There are 22 districts (raions), 307 selsovets, 22 cities, 8 city municipalities, and 20 urban-type settlements.

Minsk Region covers 39,900 km², which stands about 19.44% of the total area of Belarus Republic. There is the largest lake in the country called Narach in the Minsk Region.


Belarusian ruble

The ruble is the currency of Belarus. The symbol for the ruble is "Br" and the ISO 4217 code is "BYN".

In 2000, notes were introduced in amounts of 1, 5, 10, 20, 50, 100, 500, 1,000 and 5,000 rublei. In 2001 and 2002, higher amounts of 10,000, 20,000 and 50,000 rublei were introduced, followed by 100,000 rublei in 2005. 


Further-eastern European Time

Further-eastern European Time (FET) also called Moscow Time (MSK) and Turkey Time (TRT) is since September 2011 three hours ahead of UTC (). It was started as the official time for the Russian Kaliningrad Oblast and then followed by Belarus, Northern Cyprus, and Turkey.

Until 2011, Further-eastern European Time was the same as Eastern European Time (UTC+2). on 27 March 2011, Russia moved to the so called "year-round daylight saving time". Belarus followed Russia on September 15, 2011. Both Turkey and Northern Cyprus also cancelled DST on September 7, 2016, and has switched to FET permanently.On October 29, 2017, Northern Cyprus returned to EET. 

UTC+03:00

UTC+03:00 makes clocks 3 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time.

These are the countries who use UTC+03:00 as their time.



Telephone numbers in Belarus

Country Code: +375<br>
International Call Prefix: 00 (was 8~10)<br>
Trunk Prefix: 8

Belarus began using its own country code +375 in 1995. Before that it was part of the +7 international country code. The local numbering plan came from USSR. It has changed little.

Geographic area codes were made based on previous 3-digit USSR area codes by removing the lead "0". Calling across areas still requires dialing trunk prefix 8 and waiting for dialtone after that. 

Francysk Skaryna

Francysk Skaryna was a Belarusian famous as one of the first publishers in Eastern Europe. He helped develop the Belarusian language.

He was born in the historical Belarusian city of Polotsk into the family of a rich merchant. The exact dates of birth and death are unknown. It was about 1485–1540 or 1490–1551.

Skaryna graduated from the arts faculty at the University of Kraków in 1504. In 1512 he received doctorate in medicine at the University of Padua in Italy. In 1517 he made a printing press in Prague. He published his first book called "The Psalter", in the Old Belarusian language on 6 August 1517. The most important part of his life's work was printing a translation of the Bible in 22 books during 1517 to 1519.

Around 1522 he moved to Vilnius. He made the first printing house in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. The first book published there was "The Little Travel Guide". The printing house closed down. Skaryna spent his last years working as a doctor for Ferdinand I of Germany.


2011–12 Chicago Blackhawks season

The 2011–12 Chicago Blackhawks season was the team's 86th season in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Blackhawks signed goaltender Corey Crawford to a 3-year, 8 million dollar contract. They clinched the playoffs on March 31, 2012 when they defeated the Nashville Predators 5-4. Their win marked the 4th consecutive season in which the Blackhawks made the playoffs. They were defeated by the Phoenix Coyotes in the first round of the 2012 Stanley Cup Playoffs.

Yanka Kupala

Yanka Kupala ( – June 28, 1942) was the pen name of Ivan Daminikavich Lutsevich. He was a Belarusian poet and writer. Kupala is said to be one of the greatest Belarusian-language writers of the 20th century.

Kupala was born on July 7, 1882 in Viazynka. His family was of Szlachta origins. Both of his parents were tenant farmers. Kupala received a traditional Belarusian education. He finished his studies in 1898. After the death of his father in 1902, Kupala worked several short-term jobs. These included being a tutor, a shop assistant, and a record keeper.

Kupala's first serious try at writing was "Ziarno". It was a Polish-language sentimental poem which he completed around 1903–1904. His first Belarusian-language work ("Мая доля") was dated July 15, 1904. Kupala's first published poem, "Мужык" ("Peasant"), was published about a year later. It was in the newspaper on May 11, 1905. Several more poems by Kupala were in the Belarusian-language newspaper "Nasha Niva" from 1906 to 1907.

Kupala moved from Belarus to Vilnius in 1908. He continued with his career as a poet. The first published collection of his poems, "Жалейка" ("The Little Flute") made the czarist government mad. The order for Kupala's arrest was ended in 1909.

Kupala left for St. Petersburg in 1909. In 1910 he published several works. He left St. Petersburg and returned to Vilnius in 1913. Among those influencing Kupala in the 1910s was Maxim Gorky.

Kupala's writing changed to an optimistic tone after the Great October Revolution of 1917. 

Kupala was awarded the Order of Lenin in 1941 for the poetry collection "Ад сэрца" ("From the Heart").

In 1941 he moved to Moscow and then to Tatarstan. But even from there he wrote poems supporting Belarus fighting against Nazi Germany. He died mysteriously in 1942 in Moscow. He fell down the stairwell in Hotel Moskva. The death was said to be accidental. Some people think it was suicide or murder.

Ryan Sypek

Ryan Sypek (born August 6, 1982) is an American actor.


Las Vegas (TV series)

Las Vegas is an American television series broadcast by NBC from September 22, 2003 to February 15, 2008.



Nikki Cox

Nicole Avery "Nikki" Cox (born June 2, 1978) is an American actress. She is famous for her roles on television series Unhappily Ever After, Las Vegas and Nikki.


James Lesure

James Lesure (born September 21, 1970) is an American actor. He acted in the television series "Las Vegas".

Molly Sims

Molly Sims (born May 25, 1973 ) is an American actress. She acted on the television series "Las Vegas".


Vanessa Marcil

Vanessa Marcil (born October 15, 1968) is an American actress. She acted on the television series "Las Vegas".

Marsha Thomason

Marsha Thomason (born January 19, 1976 ) is an English actress. She acted on the television series "Las Vegas".

Madame Tussauds

Madame Tussauds is a wax museum in London with branches in a number of major cities. It was founded by wax sculptor Marie Tussaud. It used to be called "Madame Tussaud's", but the apostrophe is no longer used. Madame Tussauds is a major tourist attraction in London. It has waxwork displays of historical and royal figures, film stars, sports stars and infamous murderers.

Caste (biology)

In some eusocial species, individuals of one species live together in colonies. These groups are often called nests or hives. Often there is a division of labour. In Hymenoptera, for example, a hive may have several kinds of females, which by Polyphenism carry out different tasks, and whose bodies are different. 

Such specialized types in one species are known as castes. Castes that are not involved in producing offspring are usually sterile. The term originally comes from the caste-system in Hinduism.


Corps of Bridges and Roads (France)

The Corps of Bridges ("Corps des Ponts") is a French civil service corps.

People entering the Corps are trained at the '. Most of them are from the '. The rest come from the "".

In 2002, the corps of the engineers of Bridges and Roads ("Ponts et Chaussées"), the engineers of civil aviation, the engineers-geographs and the meteorological engineers merged. Students who choose the corps of engineers of civil aviation are trained at the French Civil Aviation University.



Motherwell railway station

Motherwell railway station is a train station in Motherwell, Scotland. It is a big station, with four platforms, making it the biggest station in North Lanarkshire. The station can get you to big places such as London and Glasgow. There is a train every 10 minutes going to Glasgow Central station. It is managed by First ScotRail.

Hammersmith

Hammersmith is an urban centre in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham in west London. It is about five miles west of Charing Cross.


Danny Boyle

Daniel Boyle (born 20 October 1956) is a British movie director and producer. He was born in Radcliffe, Lancashire into a working-class Irish Catholic family.

His movies include "Shallow Grave", "Trainspotting", "A Life Less Ordinary", "The Beach", "28 Days Later", "Millions", "28 Weeks Later", "Sunshine", "Slumdog Millionaire" and "127 Hours". Boyle was nominated for five BAFTA Awards and three Academy Awards. He directed the 2018 television series "Trust" based on the kidnapping of John Paul Getty III, the grandson of J. Paul Getty.

Vasil Bykaŭ

Vasil Uładzimiravič Bykaŭ (June 19, 1924 – June 22, 2003) was an author of many novels and novellas about World War II. He is a big figure in Belarusian literature and civic thought. The writer's talent earned him endorsements for the Nobel Prize nomination from, among others, Nobel Prize laureates Joseph Brodsky and Czesław Miłosz.

Vasil Bykaŭ was born in the village Byčki, not far from Viciebsk in 1924. In 1941 he was in Ukraine when Germany attacked the USSR. He volunteered for the Red Army. For years after the war he continued to serve. He returned to the USSR only in the mid-1950s. There he started to work as a journalist for the Hrodna Pravda newspaper. In that same decade his first novellas were published.

Bykaŭ was one of the most admired writers in the Soviet Union. In 1980 he was awarded the title of People's Writer of the Belarusian SSR. Vasil Bykaŭ is the most widely read Belarusian writer outside of Belarus.


Uladzimir Karatkievich

Uladzimir Karatkievich or Vladimir Korotkevich (26 November 1930 – 25 July 1984) was a Belarusian romantic writer.

Karatkievich was born in 1930 in Orsha, Viciebsk region. In 1954 he graduated from Kiev University. Later, he completed advanced literature courses (1960), and then cinematography (1962), both in Moscow. Literature then became his main job. His first published work was a poem that appeared in 1951. He published a large number of short stories, in collections entitled "Chazenia", "The Eye of the Typhoon", "From Past Ages", and others. He also wrote the novels "Unforgettable" and "The Dark Castle Olshansky". Karatkievich's most popular work is the novel "The Wild Hunt of King Stakh" Karatkievič also wrote a number of plays, essays, articles, screenplays for short and feature movies. He also wrote some very interesting detective and adventure stories. 

Supervolcano

A supervolcano is a volcano that can make a volcanic eruption where the things being thrown out of the volcano have a volume bigger than , which is a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 8. If the definition is expanded, supervolcanoes also include volcanoes that have volcanic eruptions with a volume bigger than , which is a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 7. This is thousands of times bigger than most volcanic eruptions which happened a long time. Supervolcanoes can occur when magma in the Earth rises into the crust from a hotspot, but can not break through the crust. More and more pressure builds up in a large and growing magma pool until the crust can no longer take the pressure. 

Although there are not many Quaternary supervolcanoes, supervolcanic eruptions usually cover very big areas with lava and volcanic ash. They can also cause a long-lasting change to weather (such as causing a volcanic winter which can trigger a small ice age), enough to possibly make species extinct.

The term "supervolcano" was first used in the BBC popular science television program "Horizon" in 2000 to mean eruptions of this type. 

Volcanologists (who study with volcanoes) and geologists do not say "supervolcanoes" in their scientific work. This is because the word can mean many different geothermal conditions. Since 2003, however, the term has been used by professionals when showing things to the public. The term "megacaldera" is sometimes used for calderas which are quite similar to supervolcanoes, such as the Blake River Megacaldera Complex in the Abitibi greenstone belt of Ontario and Quebec, Canada.

VEI 8 eruptions are considered super-eruptions due to their large scale. The Earth's most recent supereruption is the Oruanui eruption, occurring 26,500 years ago.



Stanisław Moniuszko

Stanisław Moniuszko (May 5, 1819 in Ubiel, near Minsk – June 4, 1872 in Warsaw, Congress Poland) was a Polish composer, conductor and teacher. He is generally called the father of Polish national opera.

Moniuszko was born in Ubiel (Minsk district in modern Belarus) to a Polish-Armenian noble family of landowners. He showed an early ability in music, and began private piano lessons with August Freyer in 1827. Moniuszko began to formally study composition in Berlin with Karl Friedrich Rungenhagen, who also taught him in choral conducting. While in Berlin, he had an unexpected early success when he set three songs to the words of the Polish national poet, Adam Mickiewicz.

After three years in Berlin, he returned to Poland in 1840 to marry Aleksandra Müller. He got a job as an organist in Vilnius and also worked as a private piano tutor. The Moniuszkos had ten children.

Around 1840, he began to compose strongly, writing his first operas and several other stage works, as well as sacred music and secular cantatas. 

During his lifetime Moniuszko traveled many times to St. Petersburg where his concerts were very well received. He was the mentor of César Cui. 

In 1848 in Vilnius, he staged and conducted the first performance of his opera "Halka". After the triumph of his new four-act version of "Halka" at Warsaw on 1 January 1858, he toured France. It was soon later staged in Prague, Moscow and St. Petersburg, where it met with great success. 

On 1 August 1858 he was made conductor of the Polish Opera in the Grand Theatre in Warsaw. In 1864, Moniuszko started lecturing at the Music Institute in Warsaw, where he also directed a choir. His disciples included, among others, Zygmunt Noskowski and Henryk Jarecki.

Stanisław Moniuszko died on 4 June 1872 in Warsaw of a sudden heart attack. He was buried in Powązki Cemetery. 



"More than 300, listing the most popular:"






Due to the current obscurity of Moniuszko outside Poland, this list more or less represents a complete discography.







Prix Benois de la Danse

The Benois de la Danse is one of the most prestigious ballet competitions. It was started by the International Dance Association in Moscow in 1991. It takes place each year on or around April 29 and is jury-based in its judging. The members of this jury change every year and have only top ballet personages.

Statuettes are given to the winners in the categories of lifelong achievement, ballerina, danseur, choreographer, composer and designer.

The idea for the Benois de la Danse was started in Moscow. The founders got support of UNESCO in the autumn of 1992. Its scheduling at the end of April is to match with the birthday of Alexandre Benois (1870–1960).

French sculptor Igor Ustinov designed the statuette of the Benois de la Danse award in 1992. He is the son of the famous actor Peter Ustinov, a great-nephew of Alexandre Benois.


Bread and salt

Bread and salt is a Slavic welcome greeting ceremony and also a type of food.

When important, respected, or admired guests arrive, they are given a loaf of bread placed on a "rushnik" (embroidered towel). A salt holder or a salt cellar is placed on top of the bread loaf or secured in a hole on the top of the loaf.
In modern Russia, on official occasions, the "bread and salt" is presented by young women dressed in national costumes (e.g., sarafan and kokoshnik).

When this tradition is observed in spaceflight, small packages of bread and salt are used.

Kvass

Kvass is a fermented beverage made from black or regular rye bread. The colour of the bread used helps to make the colour of the drink. It is a non-alcoholic drink by Russian standards. This is because the alcohol content from fermentation is less than 1.2%. Overall, the alcohol content is low (0.05% - 1.0%). It is often flavoured with fruits or herbs such as strawberries, raisins or mint. Kvass is also used for preparing a cold summertime soup called "okroshka".

It is popular in Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Lithuania, Latvia, Poland, Estonia, and other Eastern and Central European countries, It is also popular in countries that used to be apart of the USSR (former Soviet states), such as Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan, where one can see many kvass vendors in the streets. Kvass is also popular in Harbin and Xinjiang, areas within China that are influenced by Russian culture.

Okroshka

Okróshka is a cold soup from Russia. It is also found in Ukraine and Belarus. The name is probably from "kroshit'" (крошить), which means to crumble into small pieces.
The classic soup is a mix of mostly raw vegetables (like cucumbers and spring onions), boiled potatoes, eggs, and a cooked meat such as beef, veal, sausages, or ham with kvass. Kvass is a mildly alcoholic beverage made from fermented black or rye bread. Okroshka is usually served with sour cream. Later versions use light or diluted kefir, vinegar, mineral water, or even beer instead of kvass.

The ingredients are diced and then mixed with kvass just before eating. The ratio of chopped food to kvass is similar to that of cereal to milk. This lets the vegetables to keep their texture. Even though the ingredients are similar to those in a Russian salad, the taste of okroshka is quite different.

Okroshka is mostly served in summer. This is because the soup adds the taste of kvass and the lightness of a salad. Salt and sugar can be added according to taste.

Okroshka is always served cold. Sometimes ice cubes are added to keep the soup cold in hot weather.

Transit of Venus

A transit of Venus across the Sun happens when the planet Venus goes between the Sun and Earth. It is a syzygy and a partial occultation of the Sun. When a transit happens, Venus can be seen as a small black dot going across the Sun. Transits of Venus usually take several hours.

Transits of Venus are among the rarest of predictable events which happen in astronomy. They occur in a pattern that repeats every 243 years, with pairs of transits eight years apart separated by long gaps of 121.5 years and 105.5 years.

The most recent transit of Venus happened on 5 and 6 June 2012. It was the last Venus transit this century. The one before took place on 8 June 2004. The next transits of Venus will be in December 2117 and December 2125.

The transit on 5 and 6 June 2012 was broadcast live on the Internet.

During the 18th century, astronomers tried to use transits of Venus to measure the astronomical unit, the distance from the Earth to the Sun. Many countries sent expeditions to distant lands to observe the transits from places as far apart as possible for maximum parallax.

One of the most famous expeditions was the voyage of Lieutenant James Cook in the HMS "Endeavour". 

Mir Castle Complex

The Mir Castle Complex (, Łacinka: Mirski zamak, , ) is a UNESCO World Heritage site in Belarus. It is in the town of Mir.

The building of the castle began at the end of the 15th century. It is in the Gothic architecture style. Building of the castle was completed by Duke Ilinich in the early 16th century. Around 1568 the Mir Castle was owned by Mikołaj Krzysztof "the Orphan" Radziwiłł. He finished building the castle in the Renaissance style. A three-storey palace was built along the eastern and northern walls of the castle. 
After being not lived in for nearly a century, and having severe damage during the Napoleonic period, the castle was restored at the end of the 19th century. In 1813, after the death of Dominik Hieronim Radziwiłł, his daughter Stefania got the castle. She married Ludwig zu Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg. The castle later went to their daughter Maria, who married Prince Chlodwig Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst. 

Their son, Maurice Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst sold the castle to Nikolai Sviatopolk-Mirski in 1895. Nikolaj's son Michail began to rebuild the castle according to the plans of architect Teodor Bursze. The Sviatopolk-Mirski family owned the castle up to 1939.

During WWII, it came under Nazi control. It was a ghetto for the local Jewish population. Between 1944 and 1956, the castle was used as a housing facility. This partly damaged the castle's inside. 

In December, 2000, the Mir Castle was listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site.

Nesvizh Castle

Nesvizh Castle or Niasvizh Castle is a castle of the Radziwill family in Nesvizh in Belarus.

The estate was owned by the Radziwiłł Belarus magnate family starting in 1533. It was given to Mikołaj Radziwiłł and his brother Jan Radziwiłł after the Kiszka family died. Since the Radziwills were one of the most important and rich clans of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, it was there that the Lithuanian Archive was moved in 1551. In 1586 the estate was made into an "ordynacja".

In 1582 Mikołaj Krzysztof "Sierotka" Radziwiłł started to build a large square three-storey chateau. Building was completed by 1604. They added several galleries half a century later. The château's corners had four octagonal towers.

In 1706, during the Great Northern War, Charles XII's army sacked the castle. The destroyed its fortifications. Several decades later, the Radziwills asked some German and Italian architects to fix and enlarge the chateau. Antoni Zaleski decorated its yellow facades with baroque stucco work. The 16th-century castle gates were also reconstructed. It was at this time that the three separate buildings surrounding the central courtyard were joined into a single structure.

The most important building in Nesvizh is the Corpus Christi Church. It is connected with the castle by a dam over a ditch. It has coffins of 72 members of the Radziwill family, each in a simple coffin made of birch and marked with Trąby Coat of Arms. Designed by the Italian architect Gian Maria Bernardoni, the church is said to be the first Jesuit temple patterned after Il Gesù in Rome. It is the first domed basilica with Baroque facade in the world and the first baroque piece of architecture in Eastern Europe.

In 1770 the castle was taken by Russian forces. The Radziwill family was removed. The Lithuanian Archive was moved to Saint Petersburg (where it remains). The works of art in the palace were given to various Russian nobles. The Russian army left. The palace slowly fell into disrepair. It was restored by the Radziwills. Between 1881 and 1886 the castle's insides were fixed by Prince Anton Radizwill and his French wife, Marie de Castellane. They also made a landscape park in English style. With an area of more than one square kilometre, the park is one of the biggest in Europe.

In 1939, the Radziwill family was removed from the castle by the invading Red Army. In Soviet times, the chateau was used a sanatorium.

In 1994, the castle complex was made a national historical and cultural reserve. Twelve years later, the castle complex was added on the World Heritage List.

NWA Wildside

NWA Wildside was an American professional wrestling company based in Cornelia, Georgia. It operated between September 1999 and April 2005. While in operation, NWA Wildside was one of the main associates of the National Wrestling Alliance and was one of the most-watched wrestling companies in the United States. Wildside was at first named National Championship Wrestling in 1997 and was owned by Steve Martin. In December 1999 NCW merged with NWA Georgia to form NWA Wildside under the ownership of Bill Behrens.

World Championship Wrestling hired NWA Wildside to be its development territory, and sent their training wrestlers like Shannon Moore, Jamie Noble, Sean O'Haire, Mark Jindrak and Elix Skipper to compete there. Soon, World Championship Wrestling hired some NWA Wildside wrestlers for their shows including A.J. Styles, Frank Paris, Onyx, David Young and Rick Michaels appearing on World Wrestling Federation.

With Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, some NWA Wildside stars such as Styles, Abyss, Young, Onyx, Slim J, Hotstuff Hernandez, Jason Cross, Jimmy Rave, Altar Boy Luke, Matt Sydal, Delirious and Tony Mamaluke appeared for the company. Wildside's weekly wrestling show aired nationally in the U.S. and was available to as much as 40% of the United States.

In 2004, Wildside was shown by The Wrestling Channel in the United Kingdom giving them a bigger audience. Two of the main sellers of Wildside were the fact that their wrestlers were allowed to be more creative in the ring, and the announcers gave a correct showing to the product rather than treating it as a joke.

NWA Wildside closed down after 300 weeks of television because owner Behrens accepted a job with WWE. He then worked with Jody Hamilton, the owner of DSW, a former WWE developmental territory in McDonough, Georgia. Behrens left DSW after getting the promotion ready to show TV but before TV production began due to creative differences with Hamilton, and was employed by TNA as Director of Third Party Bookings.

Lambeth Bridge

Lambeth Bridge is a road traffic and footbridge crossing the River Thames in an east-west direction in central London, England.

On the east side of the bridge is the London Borough of Lambeth and Lambeth Palace which is the official London residence of the Archbishop of Canterbury. On the west side of the bridge is the City of Westminster and Thames House, which is the headquarters of MI5). The Palace of Westminster is a short walk downstream to the north through the Victoria Tower Garden.

The river flows north at the crossing point. Downstream, the next bridge is Westminster Bridge. Upstream the next is Vauxhall Bridge.

The first crossing at this site was a suspension bridge which was built in 1862. The current bridge opened in 1932

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames.



Boca Juniors

Club Atlético Boca Juniors () is professional football club in La Boca, a neighbourhood of Buenos Aires, Argentina. They play their home games at La Bombonera. 

Boca Juniors and River Plate have an intense rivalry, and matches between them are sometimes very heated. Matches between them are known as the Superclásico, and both teams are from Buenos Aires.





Prime (movie)

Prime is a 2005 American romantic comedy-drama movie set in Manhattan, New York City. It was written and directed by Ben Younger. It stars Uma Thurman, Meryl Streep and Bryan Greenberg.

Thurman plays 37 year old divorced photographer Rafi Gardet, who begins a sexual relationship with 23 year old David Bloomberg, who is Jewish. Streep plays her psychiatrist Lisa Metzger, whom she tells about the relationship. Both women find out that the man involved is Lisa's son. Lisa disapproves of the relationship because of the age-gap and because Rafi is not Jewish.

Isaac Levitan

Isaac Ilyich Levitan (; August 30, 1860 – ) was a Lithuanian-Russian landscape painter of Jewish descent.

Levitan was born in 1860 in Kibarty, Lithuania. His father worked for a railroad company. From 1873 to 1885, Levitan went to school at the Moscow College of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture in Moscow, Russia. He learned painting form the painters Savrasov and Polenov. Starting in 1884 his paintings went on display with the Society for Circulating Art Exhibitions. He became a member of the society in 1891. Levitan taught landscape painting at the Moscow College of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture starting in 1898. He died in Moscow in 1900.

In his career as a painter, Levitan painted many landscapes which were later thought of as masterpieces of Russian art. Levitan painted simple landscapes from Russia. Early in his career he painted scenes from around Moscow. Next he painted scenes from around the Volga River. His later paintings came from Vladimir, Vyshny Volochek, and the Tver region of Russia.

Białowieża Forest

Białowieża Forest <ref name="list/33">known as Belovezhskaya Pushcha "Belovezhskaya Pushcha / Białowieża Forest" at the UNESCO official webpage in Belarus and in Poland</ref> is an ancient woodland. It is on the border between Poland and Belarus. It is north of Brest (Belarus) and southeast of Białystok (Poland). It is one of the last and largest remaining parts of the large primeval forest that once went across the European Plain.

This UNESCO World Heritage Site and Biosphere Reserve are in parts of the Brest Voblast and Hrodna Voblast in Belarus. On the Polish side they are near the town of Białowieża in the Podlaskie Voivodeship. Białowieża means the White Tower in Polish.

The border between the two countries runs through the forest. There is a border crossing for hikers and cyclists. The forest is home to 800 wisent, the continent's heaviest land animals.

On the Belarusian side the Biosphere Reserve is . The National Park and World Heritage Site are . The Belavezhskaya Pushcha headquarters at Kamieniuki, Belarus has a laboratory and a zoo. The zoo has wisent, konik (a semi-wild horse), wild boar, moose, and other animals. There is also a small museum, restaurant, snack bar and hotel. Because of the lack of facilities and having few tourists in the country, few foreign tourists visit the Belarusian Pushcha each year.

On the Polish side, part of the Białowieża Forest is protected as the Białowieża National Park (Białowieski Park Narodowy). It has a general area of about . There is also the Białowieża Glade (Polana Białowieska). This has several buildings first owned by the tsars of Russia. The tsars were the last private owners of the forest (from 1888 to 1917) when the whole forest was in the Russian Empire. A hotel, restaurant and parking areas are there. Guided tours into the strictly controlled areas of the park can be arranged on foot or by horse-drawn carriage. About 200,000 tourists visit the Polish part of the forest each year. Activities are: bird watching with local ornithologist, watching bisons in their natural environment, and sledge and carriage rides with a bonfire. The popular village of Białowieża is in the forest.

The forest has a number of large, ancient pedunculate oaks ("Quercus robur"), some of which are individually named. Trunk circumferences are measured at breast height, above the ground.



Polish environmentalists say that logging is threatening the flora and fauna in the forest, including species of rare birds. Poland's state forestry board is saying that it is being done for protection and for ecological reasons.

Regions of Belarus

Belarus is divided into six "oblasts" ("voblasts" or provinces). These oblasts are the first-level subdivisions of Belarus. The city of Minsk has a special status as the capital of Belarus. Minsk is also the capital of Minsk Region.

The regions of Belarus are divided into "raions" (districts).

The layout and size of the regions were created in 1960 when Belarus (then the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic) became a republic of the Soviet Union.

At the start of the 20th century, the borders of the Belarusian lands in the Russian Empire were still being made. In 1900 it was made of the entire Minsk Governorate and Mogilev Governorate, most of Grodno Governorate, parts of Vitebsk Governorate, and parts of Vilna Governorate (Vilna Governorate is now in Lithuania). World War I, the independence of Poland, and the 1920-1921 Polish–Soviet War changed the borders. In 1921, Belarus had what is now all of Minsk Region except for the western fringe, the western part of Gomel Region, a western slice of Mahilyow Region, and a small part of Vitebsk Region. In 1926, the eastern part of Gomel Region was added.

In Soviet Belarus, new administrative units, called "oblast" or "voblast" were created in 1938. And again, during World War II, the borders changed. In 1939 they were reset with Belarus gaining territory to the west, Baranavichy, Belastok (Białystok), Brest, Pinsk, and Vileyka oblasts. In 1944 Belastok was removed and the new oblasts of Babruysk, Grodno, and Polotsk were created. At the same time, Vileyka Oblast was renamed Molodechno Oblast.

At different times between 1938 and 1960, the following "oblasts" existed:



Southwark Bridge

Southwark Bridge is an arch bridge across the River Thames in London, England. The bridge makes it possible to travel back and forth between Southwark and the City of London 

At the north-west side is Vintners Court.

The south end is near the Tate Modern and Globe Theatre

The next bridge upstream is the London Millennium Bridge. The next downstream is Cannon Street Railway Bridge.

Southwark Bridge opened in 1921. A previous bridge on this site opened in 1819

In June 2012, the bridge was highlighted on the route of Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee Pageant on the Thames.



Struve Geodetic Arc

The Struve Geodetic Arc is a chain of survey triangulations that go from Hammerfest in Norway to the Black Sea. They go through ten countries and over . It made the first accurate measurement of a meridian arc.

The chain was made and used by the German-born Russian scientist Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve in the years 1816 to 1855. He did this to find the exact size and shape of the earth. At that time, the chain passed through two countries: Union of Sweden-Norway and the Russian Empire. The Arc's first point is in Tartu Observatory. This is where Struve did much of his research.

In 2005, the chain was added on the World Heritage List. There are 34 plaques or obelisks out of the original 265.











Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe

For lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe, see:

List of World Heritage Sites in Sweden

There are fourteen official UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Sweden. There are twelve cultural sites, one natural site and one mixed site.

List of World Heritage Sites in France

This is a list of World Heritage Sites in France that are in UNESCO's World Heritage List. Currently, thirty-seven properties in France are on the World Heritage List. Thirty-three of these are cultural properties, three are natural properties, and one is mixed. The first was added to the list in 1979 and the latest in 2011. 

List of World Heritage Sites in the Republic of Ireland

World Heritage Sites in Ireland are places that are in the UNESCO World Heritage Programme. These are places of outstanding cultural or natural importance to the common heritage of mankind. 

Located in County Meath, the site is several Neolithic chamber tombs, standing stones, henges and other prehistoric enclosures. Some date to as early as 35th century BC - 32nd century BC. The site came before the Egyptian pyramids. It was built with a knowledge of science and astronomy. This is most evident in the passage grave of Newgrange. The site is often called the "Bend of the Boyne". Some people think this is what Brú na Bóinne means, but it does not. It means "Palace of the Boyne". It was made a World Heritage Site in 1993.

Off the coast of west County Kerry, Skellig Michael was probably founded in the 7th century. For 600 years the island was a centre of monastic life for Irish Christian monks. The Gaelic monastery is almost at the top of the 230-metre-high rock. It became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996. It is one of Europe's better known but hardest to reach monasteries.

List of World Heritage Sites in the Netherlands

This is a list of World Heritage Sites in the Netherlands with properties of cultural and natural heritage in the Netherlands that are on UNESCO's World Heritage List. Currently, nine properties in the Netherlands and Curaçao are on the World Heritage List. Eight of these are cultural properties and one is a natural property. The first was added to the list in 1995 and the latest in 2010. Seven properties are in the Netherlands, one is in Curaçao, and one is in both the Netherlands and Germany. The Wadden Sea is in the Netherlands, Germany, and Denmark, but only the Dutch and German parts are on the World Heritage List.

List of World Heritage Sites in Switzerland

This is a list of World Heritage Sites in Switzerland with cultural and natural heritage in Switzerland that are in UNESCO's World Heritage List. 
Currently, eleven properties are on the World Heritage List. Eight of these are cultural properties and three are natural properties. The first three were added to the list in 1983 and the latest in 2011. 

List of World Heritage Sites in Armenia

There are currently 3 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Armenia. 

The table lists information about each World Heritage Site:

List of World Heritage Sites in Bulgaria

The List of World Heritage Sites in Bulgaria is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Bulgaria agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1974.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

There are nine WHS places in Bulgaria. The first four properties were added in the World Heritage List in 1979, and the last in 1985.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.



List of World Heritage Sites in Poland

There are thirteen UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Poland. The first properties were added to the World Heritage List in 1978. Two of the sites are shared with neighboring countries.

List of World Heritage Sites in Romania

The List of World Heritage Sites in Romania is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Romania agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1990.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

There are seven WHS places in Romania.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.



List of World Heritage Sites in Russia

The List of World Heritage Sites in Russia is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Russia agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1988.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

There are 24 WHS places in the Russian Federation.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.



List of World Heritage Sites in Turkey

Below is the list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Turkey. 


Air Traffic Safety Electronics Personnel

Air Traffic Safety Electronics Personnel (ATSEPs) are the air traffic management technical staff in charge of the electronics and software used for the safety of air traffic.

In France, ATSEPs are from the French Civil Aviation University, and in Morocco from the "Académie internationale Mohammed VI de l'aviation civile".


Instrument rating

Instrument rating refers to the qualification that a pilot must have in order to fly under Instrument Flight Rules, that means without looking outside, only by looking the cockpit instruments. 

Type rating

A type rating is an authorization to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training. What aircraft require a type rating is decided by the local civil aviation authority.

Peter O'Neill

Peter O'Neill, CMG (born 13 February 1965 ) was the prime minister of Papua New Guinea from 2011 to 2019.

Programmable read-only memory

Programmable Read-Only Memory (PROM) is a type of read-only memory (ROM) that can be programmed directly by the user using a special PROM programmer. It is a control memory in which stored information can be altered, but not as easily as in ordinary memory.

A PROM that is able to be erased and rewritten is called an EPROM (standing for erasable programmable read-only memory). A PROM that is able to erased and rewritten only using electricity is called an EEPROM (standing for electrically erasable programmable read-only memory).

Ryuichi Sakamoto

He was from Tokyo. He was born there on 17 January 1952. He learned music at Tokyo University of the Arts and Tokyo University of Arts graduate school.

He was one of the founders of the music group Yellow Magic Orchestra (YMO). YMO is an English acronym. YMO stands for "Yellow Magic Orchestra", which he formed with Haruomi Hosono and Yukihiro Takahashi in the late 1970s. The group gained success and became famous at home and abroad. In addition, he released music solo parallel to his work as a member of YMO.

Other than his own music, Sakamoto has offered musical pieces to other artists and composed soundtracks. The soundtrack of "The Last Emperor" shown in 1987 was evaluated and won an Academy Award for Original Music Score by a Japanese artist for the first time.

Sakamoto has also acted in several movies: His most notable roles were as the conflicted antagonist Captain Yonoi in "Merry Christmas Mr Lawrence", alongside Takeshi Kitano and English rock singer David Bowie, and as the evil antagonist Masahiko Amakasu (a real-life Japanese officer, murderer and movie boss) in "The Last Emperor". He also appeared as a music director in Madonna's "Rain" music video.

In 1994, Japan Football Association asked Ryuichi Sakamoto to compose the instrumental song "Japanese Soccer Anthem".

This instrumental song played at the beginning of Japan Football Association-sponsored events, such as Emperor's Cup matches.

In late years he has often spoken about the issues of environmental problems, including against nuclear reactors after the Fukushima nuclear disaster, and peace, including against nuclear weapons, in the media.

Sakamoto's first of three marriages occurred in 1972, but ended in divorce in 1974—Sakamoto had a daughter from this relationship. Sakamoto then married popular Japanese pianist and singer Akiko Yano in 1982, following several musical collaborations with her, including touring work with the Yellow Magic Orchestra. Sakamoto's second marriage ended in August 2006, 14 years after a mutual decision to live separately—Yano and Sakamoto raised one daughter, J-pop singer Miu Sakamoto. He has lived with his manager and wife Norika Sora since around 1990 until his death and has two children with her.

On 10 July 2014, Sakamoto released a statement and said that he had been diagnosed with oropharyngeal cancer in late June. He announced that he was taking a break from his work while he went through treatment and recovery.

Sakamoto died as a result of his ongoing battle with rectal cancer on 28 March 28 2023 in Tokyo, which was discovered in 2021. His death was announced on April 2 through his website, after his funeral was held that included family members and close friends.


List of World Heritage Sites in Ukraine

The List of World Heritage Sites in Ukraine is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, located in Ukraine.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Ukraine agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1988.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

There are five WHS places in Ukraine.

This UNESCO World Heritage Site includes two biosphere reserves: Carpathian Biosphere Sanctuary and the southern half of East Carpathian Biosphere Reserve (Poloniny National Park and Uzhok National Park) as well some protected Presov areas in the eastern Slovakia.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.



List of World Heritage Sites in Albania

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Sites are places of importance to cultural or natural heritage. Below is the list and the tentative list of sites in Albania.

The Idler Wheel...

The Idler Wheel... is an album by Fiona Apple that was released in 2012. Its full name is "The Idler Wheel Is Wiser Than the Driver of the Screw and Whipping Cords Will Serve You More Than Ropes Will Ever Do". Two singles were released from it. It was nominated at the 2013 Grammy Awards for Best Alternative Album. The album was named the best album of 2012 by Time Magazine, Stereogum, Spinner, and NPR Music's Fresh Air. The album got good reviews. "Pitchfork" gave it a score of 9.0.


30 Rock

30 Rock is an American television sitcom created by Tina Fey for NBC. It began on October 11, 2006 and ended on January 31, 2013. It was set in a television studio in Manhattan, New York City. It starred Fey, Alec Baldwin, Tracy Morgan, Jane Krakowski, Jack McBrayer, Scott Adsit, Judah Friedlander, Katrina Bowden, Keith Powell, John Lutz, Kevin Brown, Grizz Chapman and Maulik Pancholy.

Fey played the protagonist Liz Lemon, the writer of TGS with Tracy Jordan. Morgan played the star of TGS with Tracy Jordan. Krakowski played Jenna Maroney, Liz's assistant and Tracy's co-star. McBrayer plays Kenneth Parcell, an NBC page.

Prince Tomohito of Mikasa

Tomohito was the first member of the Imperial House of Japan to have a full beard since Emperor Meiji. He was known as "the bearded prince".

Prince Tomohito graduated from Gakushuin University. In 1968-1970, Tomohito studied politics at Oxford University. He was the first member of the Imperial family to study at a British university since World War II.

Prince Tomohito was involved in the promotion of welfare for the disabled and sports.

The prince was the eldest son of Prince Mikasa who is the younger brother of former Emperor Shōwa. He was a first cousin of Emperor Akihito.

At the time of his death, Prince Tomohito was sixth in the line of succession to the Japanese throne.



Deprivation

Deprivation may refer to:





List of World Heritage Sites in Bosnia and Herzegovina

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Sites are places of importance to cultural or natural heritage. Below is the table with the main list of sites in Bosnia and Herzegovina.

List of World Heritage Sites in Greece

There are 17 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Greece. Five of the places are on islands. One is between the islands and the mainland. The remaining 11 are on the mainland. 

The table lists information about each World Heritage Site:

List of World Heritage Sites in Italy

Italy has the biggest number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites in the world. They have 53. Spain is second with 42. 

This article lists the 47 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Italy. They are ordered by when they were added to the list.






List of World Heritage Sites in Spain

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Sites are places of importance to cultural or natural heritage. 

As of 2010, Spain has 42 total sites on the list. This is second only to Italy.

The Pyrénées – Mont Perdu World Heritage Site is shared with France. The Prehistoric Rock-Art Sites in the Côa Valley and Siega Verde site is shared with Portugal. 

The table lists information about each World Heritage Site:

This is the list of Heritage sites by autonomous community.

List of World Heritage Sites in North Macedonia

This is a list of World Heritage Sites in North Macedonia.

There is currently one property in North Macedonia on the World Heritage List.

List of World Heritage Sites in Serbia

The List of World Heritage Sites in Serbia is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Serbia agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 2001.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

There are four WHS places in Serbia.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.



List of World Heritage Sites in Northern Europe

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has listed 35 World Heritage Sites in eight countries commonly called Northern Europe. These countries are Iceland, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Denmark, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 

Greenland is not included in this list even though it is linked with Denmark. It is included in the List of World Heritage Sites in the Americas. The United Kingdom and Ireland are included in Western Europe even though they are sometimes listed in Northern Europe.

Uakari

Uakari is the common name for the New World monkeys of the genus Cacajao. Both the English and scientific names probably came from indigenous languages. They live in South American rainforests. When excited or upset, their red faces become even redder.

List of World Heritage Sites in Western Europe

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has designated 131 World Heritage Sites in Western Europe. These sites are in 9 countries. Liechtenstein and Monaco have no sites. There are ten sites which are shared between countries. The first site from the region to be included on the list was the Aachen Cathedral in Germany in 1978.

The list below uses a definition of Western Europe which includes the United Kingdom and Ireland.


Jean-Michel Vernhes

Jean-Michel Vernhes (born in 1950 at Mazamet) is a French aerospace engineer and businessman. He is the current President of French Airports ("Union des aéroports français") and of Toulouse-Blagnac Airport.

Graduate from the French Civil Aviation University (1971), Jean-Michel Vernhes starts his career in 1975 at the air traffic control center of Bordeaux. He has done a career of 20 years in air navigation. He is nominated President of Toulouse-Blagnac Airport in 1999.

The 18th of May 2011, in addition, he become President of the French Airports ("Union des aéroports français").



Bad Honnef

Bad Honnef is a city in the German state of Nordrhein-Westfalen. About 25,000 people live there.

Lego Harry Potter

Lego Harry Potter was a LEGO series. It was based on the "Harry Potter" movies. Models of important scenes, vehicles and people were made for the first five movies. It was created in the year 2001. This was the same time the first Harry Potter movie, "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", was released.

In May 2009, LEGO said that a video game called "" is being developed. They also said it would be released in 2010.

The Dead (1987)

The Dead is an 1987 drama movie directed by John Huston. It is based on a book by James Joyce. Anjelica Huston plays the lead role.


The Dead (2010 movie)

The Dead is an 2010 British horror movie directed by Jon Ford and Howard J. Ford. It is rated R for restricted.


Headhunterz

Headhunterz (formerly known as "Nasty D-Tuner") is Willem Rebergen, a Dutch hardstyle DJ and music producer.

He gained his first major experience as a DJ at Defqon.1, a large hardstyle event in the Netherlands, where he was discovered by The Prophet.


VooV Festival

VooV (formerly known as VuuV Experience) is an annual music festival with about 10,000 to 20,000 visitors.

It was launched in the year 1992. It is one of the oldest rave parties in Germany. From a small party with about 100 people it is now one of the biggest rave parties in Europe. After several moves, was VuuV's place since 2001 in Putlitz. In 2007 they moved back to Antaro which was the place they made the greatest feasts.


FileZilla

FileZilla is a free Open Source FTP program. The program is designed for Windows, Linux and Mac OS X. FileZilla was the project of the month on SourceForge for November, 2003.

Initially, FileZilla was created as a computer science class project in the second week of January 2001 by Tim Kosse and his two other classmates.


Marc Drillech

Marc Drillech is a French sociologist and President of universities. He was Vice-President of IONIS Education Group, the first group in France for private higher education.

Drillech graduated from Lille University of Science and Technology with a Bachelor's degree in sociology. He also graduated from "Institut d'études politiques de Paris" with a Master's degree. He has a career in marketing.
In 2005, he moved to higher education by joining IONIS Education Group as Vice-President. He retired in July 2023, replaced by Charline Avenel.


Siemens

Siemens AG () is a company which has its headquarters in Berlin and Munich, Germany. It is the largest electronics company in Europe.

Siemens is a technology company with activities in industry, energy and healthcare. It is organised into six main parts: Industry, Energy, Healthcare, Equity Investments, Siemens IT Solutions, and Services and Siemens Financial Services (SFS).

Tomislav Nikolić

Tomislav Nikolić (born 15 February 1952) is a Serbian politician, a founder and former leader of Serbian Progressive Party. He served as President of Serbia from 2012 to 2017.

In May 2007, he served briefly as the President of the National Assembly of Serbia. In 2008, he founded the Serbian Progressive Party (Српска напредна странка, "SNS"), the biggest political party in Serbia.

Chinese Revolution

"Chinese Revolution" may mean one of many wars since year 1900.


Shuchō

, also romanized as Suchō or Akamitori, was a which lsated only a few monthsfrom June through September 686. The reigning monarchs were and .


The system of Japanese era names was not the same as Imperial reign dates.



The First Wives Club

The First Wives Club is a 1996 American comedy movie based on the novel of the same name by Olivia Goldsmith. It was directed by Hugh Wilson and produced by Scott Rudin. It was written by Robert Harling and Paul Rudnick. It is narrated by Diane Keaton and stars her, Goldie Hawn and Bette Midler. The movie is about three middle-aged divorced women who take revenge on their ex-husbands, who left them for young women.

Strait of Malacca

The Strait of Malacca is a marine strait. It links the Andaman Sea and the Java Sea, and separates Malaya and Sumatra. It is about 800 km long. Most parts are between and wide. At its narrowest point, it is only wide. At its shallowest point it is about deep.

Internet Relay Chat takeover

A takeover in Internet Relay Chat is when someone who is not meant to be in control of a channel takes control. Several ways this can happen is by taking advantage of a net split, an event that occurs when one server disconnects from another, or by tricking an IRC bot into promoting the user to operator status. Once the user has operator status, they kick the other operators out or remove their operator status.

John Hughes (filmmaker)

John Wilden Hughes, Jr. (February 18, 1950 – August 6, 2009) was an American filmmaker. He was born in Lansing, Michigan. He grew up in Grosse Pointe, Michigan and Northbrook, a suburb of Chicago, Illinois. He died of a heart attack in Manhattan, New York City.

Hughes' movies include: "National Lampoon's Vacation", "Sixteen Candles", "The Breakfast Club", "National Lampoon's European Vacation", "Weird Science", "Pretty in Pink", "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", "Some Kind of Wonderful", "Planes, Trains and Automobiles", "She's Having a Baby", "The Great Outdoors", "Uncle Buck", "National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation", "Home Alone", "Career Opportunities", "Only the Lonely", "Curly Sue", "Beethoven", "", "Dennis the Menace", "Baby's Day Out", "Miracle of 34th Street", Lovers in Las Vegas, "101 Dalmatians", "Flubber", "Home Alone 3", "Just Visiting", "Maid in Manhattan" and "Drillbit Taylor".

John Hughes

John Hughes may refer to:


Lists of World Heritage Sites in Asia

For lists of World Heritage Sites in Asia, see:

List of World Heritage Sites in Northern and Central Asia

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has 19 World Heritage Sites in six countries of Central and North Asia. The countries are Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and the Asian part of Russia. The European part of Russia is included in Eastern Europe.

Russia is home to the most sites with 7. One shares a border with Mongolia in Eastern Asia. The first site from the region was the Itchan Kala in Uzbekistan added in 1990.

List of World Heritage Sites in Western Asia

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has 71 World Heritage Sites in 16 countries of Western Asia. The countries are: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Cyprus, Georgia, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and Yemen. Qatar and Kuwait, which are also in the region, do not have any World Heritage Sites.

In this region, Iran is home to the most sites with 13 sites. 

Playing the Field

Playing the Field is an American romantic comedy movie. It stars Catherine Zeta-Jones, Uma Thurman and Jessica Biel. The movie was released on December 7, 2012, in the United States and Canada.

Agbioeletric

Agbioeletric is the first transformer oil made of vegetable seeds. Developed in Brazil by "Faculdade Assis Gurgacz" and produced in the city of Cascavel.


Débora Falabella

Débora Lima Falabella (born February 22, 1979 in Belo Horizonte) is a Brazilian actress.

Falabella started acting in 1998 on Rede Globo's teen telenovela "Malhação", as Antônia. She's also appeared in other Rede Globo telenovelas like "Um Anjo Caiu do Céu", "O Clone" and "Senhora do Destino". In cinema, she's acted in Brazilian movies like "Cazuza - O Tempo Não Pára", "Dois Perdidos numa Noite Suja" and "A Dona da História". 

In the miniseries "JK" she played the role of Sarah Kubitschek, wife of Brazilian president Juscelino Kubitschek. In 2006, she was cast to the leading role in the telenovela "Sinhá Moça".

Library of Celsus

The Library of Celsus is an ancient Roman building in Ephesus, now part of Anatolia, Turkey. It was built in honor of the Roman Senator Tiberius Julius Celsus Polemaeanus, known as Celsus.

Celsus paid for the construction of the library with his own personal wealth. Celsus was Consul in 92 AD, Governor of the Roman province of Asia in 115 AD, and a rich and popular local citizen. He was a native of nearby Sardis and amongst the first Greek men to become a consul in the Roman Empire. He is honoured both as a Greek and a Roman on the library itself.

The library was built by his son, Gaius Julius Aquila (Consul 110 AD), and completed in 135 AD.

The library was built to store 12,000 scrolls and to serve as a monumental tomb for Celsus. Celsus is buried in a sarcophagus beneath the library, in the main entrance. which is both a crypt containing his sarcophagus and a sepulchral monument to him. It was unusual to be buried within a library or even within city limits, so this was a special honour for Celsus.

The library was built in Ephesus, a Greek city in Asia Minor.
The building is important as one of few remaining examples of an ancient Roman-influenced library. It also shows that public libraries were built not only in Rome itself but throughout the Roman Empire.

The interior of the library and all its books were destroyed by fire in the devastating earthquake that struck the city in 262. Only the facade survived. About 400 AD, the library was used for other purposes. The facade was completely destroyed by a later earthquake, likely in the late Byzantine period.

In the 1960s and 1970s, the facade was restored. It now serves as a prime example of Roman public architecture. The building had a single hall which faced east toward the morning sun, as Vitruvius advised, to benefit early risers. Beside the entrances are four pairs of Ionic columns on pedestals. A set of Corinthian columns stands directly above the first set, adding to the height of the building. It is thought there once may have been a third set of columns.

This type of facade with inset frames and niches for statues is like that found in ancient Greek theatres, and so is described as "scenographic".

Guyancourt

Guyancourt is a French commune. It is in the south-western suburbs of Paris 21.2 km (13.2 mi) from the center. About 28,670 people lived here in 2006.


Ma Mère

Ma Mère ("My Mother" in French) is a 2004 drama movie focusing on mother-son incest. This drama was rated NC-17 in the United States. It received mixed although largely negative review by the critics.


Pseudoscorpion

A pseudoscorpion (or book scorpion) is an arachnid. They can be long. The largest known species is "Garypus titanius" of Ascension Island at .

Pseudoscorpions eat clothes moth larvae, carpet beetle larvae, booklice, ants, mites, and small flies. Because of this, they are liked by humans. The pseudoscorpions are small and cannot harm humans. They are rarely seen because of their size. Some species of pseudoscorpions do a "mating dance" to attract mates. The eggs will stay with the mother until the pseudoscorpions are about a month old. There are more than 3,300 species of pseudoscorpions recorded. The oldest known fossil of pseudoscorpions dates back 380 million years to the Devonian period.


Astacus astacus

The Astacus astacus (or noble crayfish, European crayfish, and broad-fingered crayfish) is a species of crayfish in Europe. Like other crayfish, the Astacus astacus lives in fresh water. It can live in streams, rivers, and lakes if it is not polluted. The Astacus astacus can be found living in France, Central Europe, Balkan peninsula, the British Isles, Scandinavia, and western parts of the former Soviet Union. Males can reach 16 cm long and females can reach 12 cm. 

The Astacus astacus is nocturnal, which means that it is only active at night. They eat worms, aquatic insects, mollusks, and plants. They spend the day resting in a burrow. They are sexually mature after three to four years. They breed in October and November of every year. The eggs will stay with the female until May. There are many predators that eat the Astacus astacus such as, minks, eels, perch, pike, otters, and muskrats. Because of the crayfish plaque that was brought from the American species the signal crayfish ("Pacifastacus leniusculus"), it is listed as a vulnerable species on the IUCN Red List.

Dermestidae

Dermestidae are a family of Coleoptera. They are also known as skin beetles, larder beetles, hide beetles, leather beetles, carpet beetles, and khapra beetles. There are 500 to 700 species of dermestids. They can be up to 112 mm in length. Adults have round oval-shaped bodies covered in scales or setae. 

Most dermestids are scavengers that feed on dry animal or plant material. This includes skin or pollen, animal hair, feathers, dead insects, and natural fibers. Dermestids can be found living in dead animals and feeding on them. Others can be found living in mammal, bird, bee, or wasp nests. "Thaumaglossa" only lives in the egg cases of mantids. Many "Trogoderma" species are pests that eat grain. 

The beetles found living in dead animals are studied in criminal investigations (forensic entomology). Many species are pests which can damage natural fibers in homes and businesses. Dermestids are sometimes used by natural history museums to clean animal skeletons.



Dytiscidae

The Dytiscidae (Greek "dytikos" ("able to dive") is a family of water beetles. They are called predaceous diving beetles. They are about 25 mm (one inch). The largest beetle, "Dytiscus latissimus", can reach 45 mm long.

Most Dytiscidaes are dark brown, black-ish or dark olive in color with golden highlights in some subfamilies. The larvae are called "water tigers". The water tigers will eat tadpoles and glassworms. They will also eat anything small living in the water. There are about 4,000 species in over 160 genera of Dytiscidae.

The "Cybister" can be eaten by humans. In Mexico, "C. explanatus" are roasted and salted onto tacos. In Japan, "C. japonicus" is used as food. In Guangdong Province, China, several species are eaten. The great diving beetle ("Dytiscus marginalis") are bred for human food. Dytiscidae have been eaten in Taiwan, Thailand, and New Guinea. Birds and other small mammals eat "Dytiscidaes".



Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen

Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen is a 2004 American teen comedy movie. It was written by Gail Parent and is based on the novel of the same name by Dyan Sheldon. It was directed by Sara Sugarman. It was produced by Robert Shapiro and Matthew Hart. It is narrated by and stars Lindsay Lohan as Lola Steppe, a 15-year-old girl who wants to be an actress. She moves from New York City to New Jersey. Her classmates include Ella Gerard (Alison Pill) and Carla Santini (Megan Fox). Adam Garcia plays rock singer Stu Wolff. Glenne Headly plays Lola's mother Karen Cep.

Endosperm

Endosperm is a food reserve tissue inside the seeds of most flowering plants. It surrounds the embryo and provides nutrition in the form of starch. It may also have oils and protein.

The endosperm of cereal plants can be a source of energy for humans. Wheat endosperm is ground into flour for bread. With whole wheat bread the bran (cover of seed) and the germ is also in the flour. Barley endosperm is the main source for beer production. Other examples of edible endosperms are coconut 'meat' and coconut 'water', and corn, including popcorn. Some plants, like the orchids, lack endosperm in their seeds.

Primitive (basal) flowering plants have seeds with small embryos and big endosperms. The evolutionary development of flowering plants tends to show a trend towards plants with seeds with little or no endosperm. In more derived flowering plants the embryo occupies most of the seed and the endosperm is not developed or consumed before the seed matures. In these plants, the cotyledons contain the food reserve.

Endosperm is formed when the two sperm nuclei inside a pollen grain reach the inside of an ovule or embryo sac. One sperm nucleus fertilizes the egg, forming a zygote, while the other sperm nucleus usually fuses with the two polar nuclei at the center of the embryo sac. This makes the first endosperm cell, which develops into the endosperm. Because it is formed by a separate fertilization, the endosperm is an organism distinct from the embryo (though placed next to it in the seed).

About 70% of angiosperm species have endosperm cells that are polyploid. These are typically triploid (containing three sets of chromosomes) but can vary widely from diploid (2n) to 15n.

Teen movie

A teen movie is a movie that are made for teenagers or has teen actors. The plots of teen movie are about coming of age, first love, conflicts with parents, and bullying by other teens. Movies in this movie genre are usually set in high school. In some movies, there may be some sexual scenes.



Wet 'n Wild Orlando

Wet 'n Wild Orlando was a water park in Orlando, Florida. It was founded by Sea World creator George Millay on March 13, 1977. Wet 'n Wild Orlando is the first major water park in the United States. Millay won the Lifetime Achievement Award from the World Waterpark Association. They later named him "Father of the waterpark". The water park has 8 single-person rides, 6 multi-person rides, 1 kids park (a miniature version of all the rides in the park), and 3 other activities (lazy river, volleyball, and surfing).

It was announced on June 17, 2015 that the park would permanently close on December 31, 2016.

It was replaced by Volcano Bay in 2017.


Terry and June

Terry and June is a British sitcom that was shown on BBC One from 1979 until 1987. It stars Terry Scott and June Whitfield as Terry and June Medford, a middle class, middle aged, married couple who live in Purley, London.

Yukio Mishima

Mishima studied at the elite . When he was child, he stuttered. 

In 1941, Mishima wrote his first notable story. In , he described a feeling that his ancestors lived within him.

Mishima graduated from the University of Tokyo in 1947. 

Mishima worked in the Japanese Ministry of Finance. At the same time, he was writing. 

In 1949, he published his first major novel, "Confessions of a mask."

In a summary based on writings by and about Yukio Mishima, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 1,700+ works in 4,400+ publications in 40+ languages and 56,600+ library holdings.


Zeami Motokiyo

, also lnown as , was a Japanese actor and playwright. 

His career in Noh theater was supported by Ashikaga Yoshimitsu. After Yoshimitsu's death, the later Ashikaga shoguns were less supportive.

In 1434, Zeami was exiled to Sado Island. He returned only a few years before his death.

In a summary based on writings by and about Zeami, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 1,700+ works in 4,400+ publications in 40+ languages and 56,600+ library holdings. 

The Exorcism of Emily Rose

The Exorcism of Emily Rose is a horror-drama movie of 2005. Laura Linney and Mary Beth Hurt star. This horror movie got mixed reviews.

Hylidae

Hylidae is a family of tree frogs. Some of the Hylids are semi-aquatic, and others are terrestrial frogs.

Most hylids have forward-facing eyes that gives them binocular vision. These hylids are arboreal species, meaning they live in trees. Non-arboreal species do not have any of these advantages. The "Cyclorana" species are burrowing frogs. They spend most of their time underground. Hylids will eat insects and other invertebrates. Larger species can eat small vertebrates.

Hylids lay their eggs in ponds. Some lay their eggs in puddles that in holes inside trees. Others lay their eggs on plants, if water is near. The tadpoles will drop from the plants and into the pond when they hatch. In South America, female hylids carry the eggs on their backs until they hatch.

The European tree frog ("Hyla arborea") lives in middle and Southern Europe. They can also be found in Asia and North Africa. These species are noisy during rainstorms. Many Hylidae live in North America, for example "Hyla versicolor" (Grey Tree Frog) and "Hyla cinerea" (American Green Tree Frog). The spring peeper ("Pseudacris crucifer") can also be found in the eastern United States. The spring peeper makes loud noises during the spring and summer.

The word "tree frog" is a popular term for many Hylidae. For example, "Hyla versicolor" is the name of the changeable tree frog, "Trachycephalus lichenatus" is the name of the lichened tree frog, and "Trachycephalus marmoratus" is the marbled tree frog. However, the name "tree frog" is not unique to this family. "Tree frog" is used more often for many species in Rhacophoridae.

The Hylidae family is divided into the following subfamilies and genera:



Frugality

Frugality is a quality of spending money very carefully and in limited amounts. This decision can be made for various reasons. Some are: to save money, make costs smaller and get the most possible value from purchases. 

Some ways of attempting to be frugal could be to make less waste, stop doing things (such as travel or entertainment) with high costs and having control over spending desires. Also, being careful to get all the use out of an item before replacing it and not agreeing with customs that have high costs. More ways could be using zero cost choices, using barter (trading without money), and having a good knowledge of prices. 

Some people will use a discount store to find low cost things. Some will buy things used by other people in thrift stores, garage sales, flea markets, or from classified advertising in a newspaper or on the internet from a site similar to Craigslist. 

Frugality in some philosophies is when a person does not agree with experts who say they know what is good for everybody. This is a special use of the word for philosophers. 

Many religions think frugality is important and good. The Quakers and Puritans are two examples of Christian religions that put high value on frugality. The base of this idea is that people should store money to use when any person (not only friends) needs help. 

Environmentalists think that being frugal is good. They think because ancient humans did not need many things and were able to get happiness from nature it is more natural to be frugal than to agree with the customs of modern living.

Tineidae

Tineidae (or clothes moth) is a family of moths. They are known as fungus moths or tineid moths. There are more than 3,000 species in over 300 genera. Most of the tineid moths are small or medium-sized. They have wings over their bodies. They are common in the Palaearctic. Others found elsewhere were introduced

Tineids will eat living plants, fungi, lichens, and detritus. The most known members of the family are the clothes moths. They eat on stored fabrics. The most widespread species are the Common Clothes Moth ("Tineola bisselliella"), the Case-bearing Clothes Moth ("Tinea pellionella") and the Carpet Moth ("Trichophaga tapetzella"). The Brown-dotted Clothes Moth ("Niditinea fuscella") will feed on feathers in a bird's nest. The genus "Ceratophaga", members will eat on dead animals such as mammals and the shells of dead tortoises.



Tanisha Thomas

Tanisha Thomas (born on August 28, 1985 in Brooklyn, New York) is an African American reality television participant. She first appeared on the Oxygen show "Bad Girls Club" in 2008. She was on the second season to become a role model for young women and change her bad behavior. She became a fan favorite for her catchphrase "Pop Off!". After the show was done airing, Thomas was called the "godmother" to all "bad girls". Thomas later hosted the spin-off dating game show "" starting with its second season in 2011. She also competed on the VH1 show "Celebrity Fit Club: Boot Camp 2". Thomas was on the show to loose weight. Her team the "blue team" won and took home $17,500 each.

A year later, Thomas was given her own show on Oxygen. It was called "Tanisha Gets Married". The show was about Thomas' and her fiancee
s journey on planning their wedding. It aired in May 2012 and beat all the key demos of Oxygen that were set in April 2012. Thomas along with her ex-husband appeared on first season of the show Marriage Boot Camp, which aired on May 30, 2014.

Love Games: Bad Girls Need Love Too

Love Games: Bad Girls Need Love Too is a reality television show. It first premiered on Oxygen on March 16, 2010. Its a spin-off show from the "Bad Girls Club". American comedian Bret Ernst was the host of the first season. The show was renewed for its third season Second season of "Bad Girls Club" Tanisha Thomas began hosting the season starting with the second season. There has been three complete seasons of "Love Games: Bad Girls Need Love Too"'. The show is about past season "bad girls" looking for love.


Wide Sargasso Sea

Wide Sargasso Sea is a 1993 erotic drama movie in which Rachel Ward, Karina Lombard and Naomi Watts star. "Wide Sargasso Sea" is rated NC-17 because of sexual content. It is based on the 1966 Jean Rhys book of the same name.

The movie is about love and lust in 1840s Jamaica, shortly after Britain freed the slaves in its Caribbean colonies.

The movie received mixed reviews from critics. Roger Ebert gave the movie three and a half stars.


Alejo Carpentier

Alejo Carpentier y Valmont (December 26, 1904 – April 24, 1980) was a Cuban novelist, essayist, and musicologist. He greatly influenced Latin American literature during its famous "boom" period. Born in Lausanne, Switzerland, Carpentier grew up in Havana, Cuba and Paris. Carpentier always said he was Cuban. He traveled a lot, mostly in France, and to Mexico. He sided with revolutionary movements, such as Fidel Castro's Communist Revolution in Cuba in the mid-century. Carpentier was jailed and exiled for his leftist political philosophies.

Carpentier studied and understood music. He wrote a book "La música en Cuba" in the music of Cuba. He put in musical themes and literary techniques in his writing. Although Carpentier wrote many types of writing, such as journalism, radio drama, playwrighting, academic essays, opera and libretto, he is best known for his novels. He was among the first to use magical realism. He explored the fantastic quality of Latin American history and culture. 

Carpentier's writing style used the Baroque style which had become popular again. It was called "New World Baroque". It was a style that Latin American artists took from the European model. Carpentier also brought the Surrealist theory to Latin American literature. Carpentier had parts of Latin American political history, music, social injustice and art in his writings. His writing influenced younger Latin American and Cuban writers like Lisandro Otero, Leonardo Padura and Fernando Velázquez Medina.

Carpentier died of cancer in Paris in 1980. He was buried in Havana's Colon Cemetery.

Carpentier's major works include:


Sean Penn

Sean Justin Penn (born August 17, 1960) is an American actor, screenwriter, movie director, producer and activist.

Penn won an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Mystic River and an Academy Award for "Milk" (movie).

Penn was married to Madonna from 1985 until they divorced in 1989. He and Robin Wright had a daughter in 1991 and a son in 1993. The couple married in 1996 and divorced in 2010.

As of February 24, 2022, Penn was in Ukraine doing (or filming) a documentary movie about the ongoing 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Penn went to press briefings in Kyiv, met with the president and other officials and spoke to journalists and military personnel about the Russian invasion; By March 2, he had left the country.

He was born in Los Angeles, California, the middle son of actor Leo Penn (1921-1998) and actress Eileen Ryan (born 1928). His brothers are musician Michael Penn (born 1958) and actor Chris Penn (1965-2006).

Penn has starred in many movies, including: "Taps", "Fast Times at Ridgemont High", "Colors", "Casualties of War", "We're No Angels", "Carlito's Way", "Dead Man Walking", "U Turn", "The Game", "The Thin Red Line", "Being John Malkovich", "The Weight of Water", "I Am Sam", "Mystic River", "21 Grams", "The Assassination of Richard Nixon", "The Interpreter", "All the King's Men", "Persepolis", "Milk", "Fair Game", "The Tree of Life" and "This Must Be the Place".

Alice Walker

Alice Malsenior Walker (born February 9, 1944) is an American author, poet, and activist. She has written both fiction and essays about race and gender. She is best known for the novel "The Color Purple" (1982). She won the National Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize for the novel.

Walker is an African American who was born in Eatonton, Georgia. She is the youngest of eight children. Her parents were Willie Lee Walker and Minnie Lou Tallulah Grant. Her father, who was, in her words, "wonderful at math but a terrible farmer," earned only $300 a year from sharecropping and dairy farming. Her mother added to the family income by working as a maid. She worked 11 hours a day for USD $17 per week to help pay for Alice to attend college.

In 1952, Walker was accidentally hit in the right eye by a BB gun fired by one of her brothers. Because the family had no car, the Walkers could not take their daughter to a hospital for immediate help. By the time they reached a doctor a week later, she had become permanently blind in that eye. When a layer of scar tissue formed over her wounded eye, Alice became self-conscious and painfully shy. She felt like an outcast and turned for comfort to reading and to writing poetry. When she was 14, the scar tissue was removed. She later became valedictorian and was voted most-popular girl, as well as queen of her senior class.

After high school, Walker went to Spelman College in Atlanta. She later moved to Sarah Lawrence College near New York City, graduating in 1965. Walker became interested in the U.S. civil rights movement. This was partly due to the influence of activist Howard Zinn, who was one of her professors at Spelman College. Walker returned to the South where she became involved with voter registration drives, campaigns for welfare rights and children's programs in Mississippi.

Alice Walker met Martin Luther King Jr. when she was a student at Spelman College. Walker credits King for her decision to return to the American South as an activist for the Civil Rights Movement. She marched with hundreds of thousands in August in the 1963 March on Washington. As a young adult, she volunteered to register black voters in Georgia and Mississippi.

On March 8, 2003, International Women's Day, on the eve of the Iraq War, Alice Walker, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Terry Tempest Williams were arrested with 24 others for crossing a police line. This was during an anti-war protest rally outside the White House.

In March 2009, Alice Walker traveled to Gaza in response to the Gaza War. She was with a group of 60 other female activists from the anti-war group Code Pink. Their purpose was to deliver aid, to meet with NGOs and residents, and to ask Israel and Egypt to open their borders into Gaza.

In 1965, Walker met Melvyn Roseman Leventhal, a Jewish civil rights lawyer. They were married on March 17, 1967 in New York City. Later that year the couple moved to Jackson, Mississippi. They became "the first legally married inter-racial couple in Mississippi". They were harassed and threatened by whites, including the Ku Klux Klan. The couple had a daughter Rebecca in 1969. Walker and her husband divorced on friendly terms in 1976.

Walker and her daughter grew apart. Rebecca felt herself to be more of "a political symbol... than a cherished daughter". She published a memoir called "Black White and Jewish", about the complexities of her parents' relationship and her childhood. Rebecca recalls her teenage years when her mother would go to her far-off writing studio while “I was left with money to buy my own meals and lived on a diet of fast food.” Since the birth of Rebecca’s son Tenzin, her mother has not spoken to her. Rebecca has learned that she was cut out of her mother’s will in favor of a distant cousin.

In the mid-1990s, Walker was involved in a romance with singer-songwriter Tracy Chapman.

In 2011 shooting began on "Beauty in Truth", a documentary film about Walker's life directed by Pratibha Parmar.

Walker is a feminist. She made the word womanist for African American feminism against female genital mutilation.







Clifford D. Simak

Clifford Donald Simak (August 3, 1904 – April 25, 1988) was an American science fiction writer. He received three Hugo Awards and one Nebula Award. He was named the third Grand Master by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) in 1977.

Simak was born in Millville, Wisconsin to parent's John Lewis and Margaret (Wiseman) Simak. He married Agnes Kuchenberg on April 13, 1929. They had two children, Scott and Shelley. Simak attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He later worked at various newspapers in the Midwest. He began to work with the "Minneapolis Star and Tribune" (in Minneapolis, Minnesota). This went from 1939 to his retirement in 1976. 

Simak became interested in science fiction after reading the works of H. G. Wells as a child. He started writing for science fiction pulp magazines in 1931. The only science-fiction piece that he published between 1933 and 1937 was "The Creator" ("Marvel Tales" #4, March–April 1935).

In late 1937, Simak returned to science fiction. He was a regular contributor to "Astounding Stories" during the Golden Age of Science Fiction (1938–1950). His first publications, such as "Cosmic Engineers" (1939), were in the style of the earlier superscience type. He soon made his own style, which is usually described as gentle and pastoral. During this period, Simak also published a number of war and western stories in pulp magazines. His best known novel may be "City", a collection of short stories with a common theme of mankind's eventual leaving from Earth.

Simak continued to write award-nominated novels during the 1950s and 1960s. Helped by a friend, he continued writing and publishing science fiction and, later, fantasy, into his 80s. 


Jerry Mathers

Gerald Patrick "Jerry" Mathers (born June 2, 1948) is an American actor and writer. He played Beaver Cleaver in the sitcom television series "Leave It to Beaver". In 1998 he wrote a book called "...And Jerry Mathers as "The Beaver"". Mathers was born in Sioux City, Iowa.

In 1973, Mathers went to the University of California, Berkeley, and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in philosophy. In 1981, he worked as a disc jockey at KEZY radio in Anaheim, California.

Mathers was diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes in 1996.


Dashiell Hammett

Samuel Dashiell Hammett (May 27, 1894 – January 10, 1961) was an American author of crime fiction, a screenplay writer, and political activist. Some of the characters he created are Sam Spade ("The Maltese Falcon"), Nick and Nora Charles ("The Thin Man"), and the Continental Op ("Red Harvest" and "The Dain Curse").

In addition to the large influence his novels and stories had on film, Hammett "is now widely regarded as one of the finest mystery writers of all time". "Time" magazine included Hammett's 1929 novel "Red Harvest" on a list of the 100 best English-language novels published between 1923 and 2005.

Hammett was born on a farm in St. Mary's County, in Maryland. His parents were Richard Thomas Hammett and Anne Bond Dashiell. Hammett was baptized a Catholic. He grew up in Philadelphia and Baltimore. "Sam," as he was known before he began writing, left school when he was 13 years old. He had several jobs before working for the Pinkerton National Detective Agency. He served as an operative for the Pinkertons from 1915 to February 1922. He took time off to serve in World War I. He did not like the agency's role in union strike-breaking.

Hammett enlisted in the United States Army in 1918. He became ill with the Spanish flu and later got tuberculosis. He spent most of his time in the Army as a patient in Cushman Hospital, Tacoma, Washington. While there he met a nurse, Josephine Dolan, whom he later married.

Hammett and Dolan were married, and they had two daughters, Mary Jane (born 15 October 1921) and Josephine (born in 1926). Because of Hammett's tuberculosis, Josephine and the children could not live with him full time. Josephine rented a home in San Francisco, where Hammett would visit on weekends. The marriage soon ended. He continued to financially support his wife and daughters with the income he made from his writing.

Hammett used his experiences as a Pinkerton operative. Hammett said: "All my characters were based on people I've known personally, or known about."

Hammett wrote most of his detective fiction during the time he was living in San Francisco (the 1920s). Specific streets and locations in San Francisco are frequently mentioned in his stories.

From 1929 to 1930 Dashiell was romantically involved with Nell Martin, an author of short stories and several novels. He dedicated "The Glass Key" to her, and in turn, she dedicated her novel "Lovers Should Marry" to Hammett.

In 1931, Hammett started a 30-year affair with playwright Lillian Hellman. This relationship was shown in the film "Julia". Hammett was played by Jason Robards and Hellman by Jane Fonda.

He wrote his final novel in 1934. He spent the rest of his life to left-wing activism. He was a strong anti-fascist through the 1930s. In 1937 he joined the American Communist Party.

In early 1942, after the attack on Pearl Harbor, Hammett again enlisted in the United States Army. He was a disabled veteran of World War I, and a victim of tuberculosis, but he was allowed to join. He served in the Aleutian Islands. He edited an Army newspaper. He also got emphysema. .

After the war, Hammett returned to political activism. He was elected President of the Civil Rights Congress (CRC) on June 5, 1946.

During the 1950s he was investigated by Congress. This was part of Senator Joseph McCarthy's attempt to identify Communists. He refused to share information and was blacklisted.

 A lifetime's heavy drinking of alcohol and cigarettes made Hammett's tuberculosis worse. As the years of the 1950s went on, Hammett became "a hermit". Hammett no longer could live alone, so the last four years of his life he spent with Hellman. On January 10, 1961, Hammett died in New York City's Lenox Hill Hospital, of lung cancer. He had been diagnosed just two months before. As a veteran of two World Wars, he was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.

All the novels except "The Thin Man" were originally in three, four, or five parts in various magazines.






Kasai River

The Kasai River (called Cassai in Angola) is a river in central Africa. The river begins in Angola. It makes a border between Angola and the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). It joins the Congo at Kwamouth. The Kasai's tributaries include the Fimi, Kwango, and Sankuru rivers. 

Tony Dow

Tony Lee Dow (April 13, 1945 – July 27, 2022) was an American actor, director, and movie producer. He played Wally Cleaver in the sitcom television series "Leave It to Beaver" from 1957 to 1963. He played the same role again in "The New Leave It to Beaver" from 1983 to 1989. He also directed several episodes of "Babylon 5". Dow was born in Hollywood, California.

In May 2022, Dow was diagnosed with liver cancer. On July 26, 2022, it was reported that Dow was in his "final moments" under hospice care in Topanga, California. He died from the disease on July 27, 2022 at his home in Topanga, California at the age of 77.


Ubangi River

The Ubangi River, also spelled Oubangui, is a river of Central Africa. It is the largest right-bank tributary of the Congo River. It begins where the Mbomou and Uele Rivers come together. It flows west, then bends to the southwest and passes through Bangui. Then the river flows south to the Congo at Liranga. The Ubangi's length is about . The Ubangi's drainage basin is about . The basin includes parts of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Central African Republic, and Republic of Congo. 

Together with the Congo River, it important for transportation for river boats between Bangui and Brazzaville.

Some people want the water from the Ubangi to go to the Chari River. The Chari River empties into Lake Chad. They say this will help with fishing and make agriculture better.

Benue River

The Benue River is a river in Africa. It is the major tributary of the Niger River. The river is about 1,400 km long. People can travel on it for nearly the whole length in the summer months. It is an important transportation route in the places it flows through.

It starts in the Adamawa Plateau of northern Cameroon. It flows west, and through the town of Garoua and Lagdo Reservoir, into Nigeria south of the Mandara mountains. Then it goes through Jimeta, Ibi and Makurdi before meeting the Niger at Lokoja.

Large tributaries are the Gongola River and the Mayo Kébbi. Other tributaries are Taraba River and River Katsina Ala.

Regina Duarte

Regina Blois Duarte (born February 5, 1947]) is a Brazilian actress. From March to May 2020, she served as Special Secretary of Culture, a cabinet position in President Jair Bolsonaro's administration. 

Anna Muzychuk

Anna Muzychuk (born 28 February 1990) is the third-rated woman chess player in the world. She earned the title of Woman Grandmaster in 2004, and the title of Grandmaster in 2012. In 2004 she became a member of the Slovenian chess federation, where she is the strongest female chess player. Her younger sister Mariya is an International master.

Muzychuk has played on first board for the Slovenian team since 2004. In 36th Chess Olympiad, she defeated, among others, the former Women's World Chess Champion grandmaster Antoaneta Stefanova. In the 37th Chess Olympiad she helped the Slovenian women's team, seeded 17th, to finished tenth.

In 2017, Muzychuk she refused to go to the World Rapid and Blitz Championships in Saudi Arabia. She said on Facebook:In a few days I am going to lose two World Champion titles – one by one. Just because I decided not to go to Saudi Arabia. Not to play by someone's rules, not to wear abaya, not to be accompanied getting outside, and altogether not to feel myself a secondary creature. Exactly one year ago I won these two titles and was about the happiest person in the chess world but this time I feel really bad. I am ready to stand for my principles and skip the event, where in five days I was expected to earn more than I do in a dozen of events combined. All that is annoying, but the most upsetting thing is that almost nobody really cares. That is a really bitter feeling, still not the one to change my opinion and my principles. The same goes for my sister Mariya – and I am really happy that we share this point of view. 


Mambo

Mambo is a word with Afro-Latin connections. Most common meanings are:


The word also occurs in the title of many pieces of recorded music.

Bionics

Bionics (also known as biomimetics) is the science about studying nature to create modern technology with biological method.

The name "biomimetics" was coined by in the 1950s. The term "bionics" was coined by in August 1958. He was then working at the "Aeronautics Division" "House" at in . However, terms like biomimicry or biomimetics are more preferred in the technology world in efforts to avoid confusion between the medical term "bionics." Coincidentally, Martin Caidin used the word for his 1972 novel "", which inspired the series "". Caidin was a long-time aviation industry writer before turning to fiction full-time. 

The study of bionics often emphasizes implementing a function found in nature rather than imitating biological structures. For example, in computer science, tries to model the feedback and control mechanisms that are inherent in intelligent behavior, while tries to model the intelligent function. 


Herschel Space Observatory

The Herschel Space Observatory was a space observatory built by the European Space Agency (ESA). It was the largest infrared telescope ever put into orbit until the launch of the James Webb Space Telescope. Herschel was named after Sir William Herschel, the discoverer of the infrared spectrum, double stars, and planet Uranus.

The device was sensitive to the far infrared and sub-millimetre short wavebands. It had a single mirror of in diameter.

The observatory was carried into orbit in May 2009. It was at the second Lagrangian point (L2) of the Earth-Sun system. At these points, 1,500,000 kilometres (930,000 miles) from the Earth, gravity balances, so the object stays in place.

The Herschel Observatory could record ('see') the coldest and dustiest objects in space. For example, dusty galaxies just starting to form new stars. The United States, through NASA, worked with the ESA to build and operate the observatory. It was the fourth 'cornerstone' mission in the ESA science program, along with Rosetta, Planck, and Gaia.

The observatory was designed to investigate four main topics: 


Frances Bavier

Frances Elizabeth Bavier (December 14, 1902 – December 6, 1989) was an American actress. She played Aunt Bee in the sitcom television series "The Andy Griffith Show". She played the same character in the sequel series "Mayberry, R. F. D.". Bavier won two Emmy Awards. She retired from acting and moved to Siler City, North Carolina. She is buried there.

Born in New York City, Bavier originally planned to become a teacher after attending Columbia University. She first appeared in vaudeville, later moving to the Broadway stage.She also appeared in an episode of the Alfred Hitchcock TV show entitled “Revenge”

Leptodactylidae

Leptodactylidae is a family of frogs. They are believed to have been on Earth since the Cenozoic era or at the end of the Mesozoic. There are 1,100 species in 50 genera. The "Eleutherodactylus" is the largest genus with over 700 different species. Leptodactylidae frogs lives in Mexico, the Caribbean, and Central and South America. The family includes terrestrial, burrowing, aquatic, and arboreal frogs.

Some of the frogs lay their eggs in foam nests. They will lay their eggs in crevices, on the surface of water, or on the forest floors. For tadpoles that are laid on the forest floors will remain there until they become frogs. They will not eat anything. In the genus "Elutherodactylus", the eggs will automatically become small frogs. They will not go through the tadpole stage. Leptodactylids can be found in fossil records. One specimen, was found preserved and is thought to be 37 million years old.


Eleutherodactylus

Eleutherodactylus is a genus of frogs in the Eleutherodactylidae family. There are 185 species of "Eleutherodactylus". Many of them are commonly called "rain frogs" or "robber frogs". This is because of their sharp, high-pitched, and insect-like calls.

The common coquí ("Eleutherodactylus coqui") is the best known species. They are a national symbol of Puerto Rico. They are also an invasive species in the US state of Hawaii. Two "Eleutherodactylus" species, "E. limbatus" and "E. iberia", belong to the smallest known frogs. They measure only 8½ mm in length.

Red-eared slider

The red-eared slider ("Trachemys scripta elegans") is a semi-aquatic turtle. It belongs to the family Emydidae. It is the most popular pet turtle in the United States. It lives in Southern United States. It is also found in many other places as an invasive species. They can be found in the US state of California where it was introduced. Rhubarb leaves are poisonous for them. Overfeeding may cause diseases for the turtles.


Americanisation

Americanisation means that a culture (often a country) is heavily influenced by so-called "anglicisms". These anglicisms are American-based. Anglicisms can be institution, values, ways and behaviours, but can also be symbols and pictures.

In Americanisation, the transferring of American culture is only one-way. A culture is being Americanised, but the United States aren't affected by the other culture in return.

Bletchley Park

Bletchley Park is an estate in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. It was the site of the United Kingdom's main codebreaking team during World War II. Now, Bletchley Park is home to the National Codes Centre and The National Museum of Computing.

The Government Code and Cypher School (GC&CS) and "Station X", a secret radio interception station, was also at Bletchley Park. The information gained by workers at Bletchley Park was very important for the Allied war effort.

In 1939, in Warsaw, the Polish military showed French and British intelligence agents their cryptanalysis of the Enigma. They promised each delegation a Polish-built Enigma. Having an actual Enigma machine, and knowing how to use it, was a much-needed start for the British work at Bletchley Park. Dilly Knox and Alan Turing were later joined by many other codebreakers and engineering staff.

The high-level intelligence produced at Bletchley Park codenamed Ultra, gave crucial help to the Allied war effort. It was vital during the Battle of the Atlantic, when the German U-boat submarine fleet sank merchant shipping in an attempt to starve Britain of supplies. Winston Churchill was later to say:

The Battle of the Atlantic was the dominating factor all through the war. Never for one moment could we forget that everything happening elsewhere, on land, at sea, or in the air depended ultimately on its outcome.

Sir Harry Hinsley (a Bletchley veteran and the official historian of British Intelligence during the Second World War) said that Ultra shortened the war by two to four years. The outcome of the war would have been uncertain without it.

One of the reasons for choosing Bletchley Park for this task was its location. By train, it is about north-west of London, from Oxford and about from Cambridge all-important university cities. Bletchley railway station is close-by, on the junction of the West Coast Main Line and the Oxford–Cambridge Varsity Line. Apart from the railway lines, Bletchley Park was not near any other likely bombing target.

Guyot

A guyot is an underwater mountain or seamount with a flat top. This geologic feature is also called a tablemount. In general, the guyot or tablemount is over 200 meters (660 feet) below the surface of the sea. The diameters of these flat underwater summits may be more than .

The existence of flat-topped mountains below the surface of the ocean was established in 1965. Harry Hammond Hess used echo-sounding equipment to map the floor of the ocean. The research revealed that some undersea mountains had flat tops.
Hess called these undersea mountains "guyots" because they reminded him of Guyot Hall at Princeton University. The flat roof was a special feature of this building. Guyot Hall was named after the 18th century geographer Arnold Henry Guyot. In other words, the geology term "guyot" comes from his name.

Guyots show evidence of having been above the surface at one time. The exposed area was shaped by erosion caused by rain, wind and waves. 

The Hawaiian islands plus former islands which are now beneath the sea make up the Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain, and five of the peaks in the chain are guyots.



Hazel (TV series)

Hazel is a sitcom television series. It was on television from September 28, 1961 to April 11, 1966. It was shown on NBC. It moved to CBS for its last year. The series' first year was made in black and white. The next four years were in color. The show's first season was fourth in the 1961-1962 Nielsen's ratings.

The series is based on a single-panel comic strip by Ted Key. This comic that ran for many years in "The Saturday Evening Post". It was usually on one of the last pages.

The series stars Shirley Booth as Hazel Burke. Hazel is a live-in maid for the Baxter family. Don Defore plays her boss George "Mr. B" Baxter (a lawyer). Whitney Blake plays his wife Dorothy "Missy" Baxter (an interior decorator). Bobby Buntrock plays their young son Harold "Sport" Baxter. The Baxter's have a big, shaggy dog named Smiley.

Other characters were in the series. These characters include George Baxter's client Harvey Griffin (Howard Smith), Rosie, another live-in maid in the neighborhood (Maud Prickett), and postman Barney Hatfield (Robert Williams). Other characters include Hazel's taxi-driving boyfriend Mitch (Dub Taylor), George Baxter's snobby sister Deirdre Thompson (Cathy Lewis), and the Baxter's mixed-up neighbors Herbert and Harriet Johnson (Donald Foster and Norma Varden).

The series is set in a white, upper middle class household. Typical episodes are about Hazel's day-to-day life and work. She might put together a special dinner, or make a home for a stray dog. In one episode, she gets her boss to buy a color television set for her bedroom. Sometimes she comes into conflict with "Mr. B". She gets her way by giving him tiny portions of her delicious desserts.

In the last year, "Mr. B" is sent to the Middle East on a job assignment. Hazel and Harold move in with his brother Steve (played by Ray Fulmer) and his wife Barbara (Lynn Borden) and their daughter Susie (Julia Benjamin). This arrangement lasted for only a year before the series was cancelled. Booth was ill. She did not want to continue to work. Booth won two Emmy Awards for her performance as Hazel (1962 and 1963). She was nominated for a third in 1964.

2 Broke Girls

2 Broke Girls is an American television sitcom on CBS. It began on September 19, 2011 and ended on April 17, 2017. It is set in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City. It is about two waitresses in their twenties who work together at a diner. Kat Dennings plays Max Black, who is from a poor, underclass background. Beth Behrs plays Caroline Wesbox Channing, who until recently was rich.

Garrett Morris plays Earl, the cashier at the diner. He is an elderly African-American former jazz musician. Jonathan Kite plays Oleg, the diner's cook, a hypersexual Ukrainian who lacks social skills. Matthew Moy plays Han Lee, the diner's owner, a very short Korean. Jennifer Coolidge plays Sophie, Max and Caroline's histrionic Polish neighbor. The show was created by comedian Whitney Cummings.


Dennis the Menace (TV series)

Dennis the Menace is a sitcom television series. It is based on the comic strip "Dennis the Menace" by Hank Ketcham. The four-season series aired from 1959 to 1963 on CBS. The show stars Jay North as Dennis Mitchell, Herbert Anderson as his father Henry, Gloria Henry as his mother Alice, Billy Booth as his friend Tommy Anderson, and Jeannie Russell as his friend Margaret Wade. Dennis wore the same costume in every episode: a striped tee-shirt, a pair of bib overalls with a slingshot in the back pocket, a pair of sneakers, and an enormous blond cowlick. Viewers complained about the slingshot and it was eventually removed. The bizarre costume put Dennis outside the realistic "mise en scene" of the show, making it difficult to "relate" to him in spite of North's brilliant performance. Margaret had the same problem with her ringlets, eyeglasses, and ever-present patent leather shoes. These clothes were not the sort of things kids were wearing during the shows years on the air.

Margaret wanted to marry Dennis. This was a running gag in both the comic strip and the television show. She pushed a baby carriage through the neighborhood. "Playing house" was something she pressured Dennis to do. When Dennis needed a penny or two, she gave it to him but only after he promised to play house with her. If he turned her down, she would hit him with one of the rag dolls in the baby carriage and prance on her way.

Other players in the show are Joseph Kearns as Dennis's neighbor George Wilson, Sylvia Field as George's wife Martha, and Gale Gordon as Mr. Wilson's brother John. George Wilson was a retired fussy sort of man who gardened, collected coins, did household fixit jobs, and watched birds. Many episodes were about Dennis making a mess of Mr. Wilson's hobbies. Dennis's comic strip dog Ruff was cut from the TV story, but Mr. Wilson was given a little dog named Fremont. Maud Prickett, Irene Tedrow, Dub Taylor, Mary Wickes, and other familiar 1950s TV faces showed up often as minor characters. Ron Howard appeared in several episodes as Dennnis' friend Stewart while also playing Opie Taylor on "The Andy Griffith Show".

"Dennis the Menace" is about a happy little (but trouble-prone) middle class boy named Dennis Mitchell. He would like to be helpful but his attempts always end in disasters. He bothers a lot of people, but mostly his neighbor George Wilson. Actor Joseph Kearns played George Wilson but died while the show was in production. Gale Gordon joined the show as John Wilson, George's brother. Viewers were told that George and his TV wife Martha were taking a long journey and that George's brother John would be living in and taking care of their house. The show ended in 1963 when North became too old (11 years) to play the part of Dennis.

The Huckleberry Hound Show

The Huckleberry Hound Show is a 30-minute animated television series. It had four seasons and was first aired between April 2, 1958 and April 24, 1962. It is the work of Joseph Barbera and William Hanna. In 1961, "The Huckleberry Hound Show" became the first animated television series to win an Emmy Award.

Each episode has three 7-minute cartoons. The first cartoon stars Huckleberry Hound; the second stars Yogi Bear and his friend Boo Boo Bear, and the third stars Pixie and Dixie and Mr. Jinks. Yogi Bear was the most loved character of the show. He was given his own series in 1961. Hokey Wolf took Yogi's place in the series.

Daws Butler was the voice actor who played Huckleberry Hound, Yogi Bear, Dixie, Mr. Jinks, and Hokey Wolf. Don Messick gave voice to Boo Boo Bear, Ranger Smith, and Pixie. Julie Bennett voiced Yogi's girlfriend Cindy Bear and Doug Young voiced Hokey Wolf's friend Ding-A-Ling.

Barbara Billingsley

Barbara Billingsley (December 22, 1915 – October 16, 2010) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. She played June Cleaver on the television series "Leave It to Beaver" (1957–1963). She played the same character in the sequel series "Still the Beaver" (1985–1988).

Submarine volcano

Submarine volcanoes are volcanoes which are under the surface of the world's oceans. These volcanoes occur in a range of forms. Many create cone-shaped seamounts or flat-topped guyots. 
Volcanoes in the ocean develop from cracks or holes in the earth's undersea surface. Changes in the ocean floor are caused when magma flows or erupts from a site which is under water. 

The presence of water alters the characteristics of a volcanic eruption.



Hugh Beaumont

Eugene Hugh Beaumont (February 16, 1909 – May 14, 1982) was an American actor, television director, and a Methodist minister. He was born in Lawrence, Kansas. He played Ward Cleaver on the sitcom television series "Leave It to Beaver" (1957–1963). He directed many of the show's episodes. In his retirement years, he became a Christmas tree farmer. He died of a heart attack in Munich, Germany while visiting his son.

Ken Osmond

Kenneth Charles "Ken" Osmond (June 7, 1943 – May 18, 2020) was an American actor and LAPD police officer. He played Eddie Haskell in "Leave It to Beaver" (1957-1963). He was born in Glendale, California.

Osmond died at his home in Los Angeles on May 18, 2020 of problems caused by COPD and peripheral artery disease at the age of 76.


Sue Randall

Marion Burnside "Sue" Randall (October 8, 1935 — October 26, 1984) was an American actress. She played Beaver Cleaver's school teacher Miss Landers on the sitcom television series "Leave It to Beaver" (1957-1963).

Baffin Bay

Baffin Bay (,) is a marginal sea of the North Atlantic Ocean. It is between Baffin Island and the southwest coast of Greenland. It connects to the Atlantic by Davis Strait and the Labrador Sea. A narrower Nares Strait connects Baffin Bay with the Arctic Ocean.

People lived in the bay area from around 500 BC. First there were the Dorset and then Thule and Inuit people. It was reached by Europeans in 1585. William Baffin described the bay in detail in 1616. He is who the bay and the island are named after. People cannot travel on the bay most of the year because of the ice cover and large amount of floating ice and icebergs in the open areas. 

Baffin Bay was the epicenter of a 7.3 magnitude earthquake in 1933. This is the largest known earthquake north of the Arctic Circle. 

The North Water provides air to ice algae and zooplankton. There are many animals. Of about 20,000 Beluga whales living in the Baffin Bay, some 15,000 are around the North Water. Other animals of the region include walrus, narwhal, Harp Seal, bearded seal, ringed seal and polar bear. 

There are about 400 plant and tree species on the bay shores, including birch, willow, alder and plants adapted to salty soils, as well as lyme grass, mosses, and lichens. These serve as food for caribou and rodents, such as lemming. Resident fish species include polar cod, Arctic flounder (Pleuronectidae, Liopsetta), four-horned sculpin and capelin. The birds of the bay are the Little Auk, Snowy Owl, Willow Ptarmigan, Rock Ptarmigan, Gyrfalcon, Arctic Redpoll and guillemots. Most of them migrate to the south during the winter.

Bragi

Bragi is one of the newest gods in the mythology of the Vikings. He is often represented with a harp. He is shown as an old man with long gray hair and a long gray beard. He dies at the tusks of the Dwarven battle-boar at Ragnarok. His wife is Iðunn, keeper of the apples of the Gods. Bragi is also the god of music and the harp. He wakes the world up in the morning with his harp music.

Barents Sea

The Barents Sea is a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean. It is north of Norway and Russia. It was called the Murman Sea in the Middle Ages. The new name is from the Dutch navigator Willem Barents. It is a rather deep shelf sea. The average depth is and maximum depth is . It is bordered by the Norwegian Sea in the west, the islands of Svalbard (Norway) in the northwest, and the islands of Franz Josef Land and Novaya Zemlya in the northeast and east. Novaya Zemlya separates the Kara Sea from the Barents Sea. A lot of fossil fuel energy resources are in the Barents Sea area.

The southern half of the Barents Sea stays ice-free year round due to the warmth brought by the North Atlantic drift. This includes the ports of Murmansk in Russia and Vardø in Norway. In September, the entire Barents Sea is mostly ice-free. Until the end of the Winter War, Finland's territories reached the Barents Sea. This made the harbor at Petsamo Finland's only ice-free winter harbor.

Due to the North Atlantic drift, the Barents Sea has a lot of plants and animals compared to other oceans of similar latitude. The spring bloom of phytoplankton can start quite early close to the ice edge. The fresh water from the melting ice makes up a water layer on top of the sea water. The phytoplankton bloom feeds zooplankton. The animals that eat zooplankton include young cod, capelin, polar cod, whales, and Little Auk. The capelin is a main food for animals such as the North-East Arctic cod, harp seals, and seabirds such as Common Guillemot and Brunnich's Guillemot. The fisheries of the Barents Sea, in particular the cod fisheries, are of great importance for both Norway and Russia.

Beaufort Sea

The Beaufort Sea is a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean, north of the Northwest Territories, the Yukon, and Alaska, west of Canada's Arctic islands. The sea is named after hydrographer Sir Francis Beaufort. The Mackenzie River empties into the Canadian part of the sea. Tuktoyaktuk is one of the few permanent settlements on the sea shores.

The sea is frozen over most of the year. Only a narrow pass up to opens in August–September near its shores. The seacoast was populated about 30,000 years ago. The sea has many resources of petroleum and natural gas. They were discovered between the 1950s and 1980s. People started exploring the resources in the 1980s. There is a large amount of beluga whales. The United States and Canada do not agree about the sea border.

Several rivers such as the Kongakut River in Alaska and the Firth River in Yukon empty into the Beaufort. The major river to flow into the sea is the Mackenzie, Canada's longest. The coastal shelf area is rather narrow, especially near and east of Point Barrow in the Alaskan part of the sea. It becomes wider near the delta of the Mackenzie River. It never gets bigger than . Near the coast, the depths are shallower than . The quickly get bigger northwards up to a few kilometers. There are many small islands in the sea and in the delta of the Mackenzie River. A few larger ones are west of the Mackenzie River, such as Herschel Island ( off the shore, and Barter Island ( from the coast. The coasts are low, with the maximum elevations between . The soil is frozen all year around forming permafrost. Only the top few tens centimeters thaw in summer. Buildings have to be above ground on wooden poles.

The shoreline of the Beaufort Sea is covered with tundra. It is the northern limit of the polar bear in North America. The Mackenzie River is an important place to live for whales and sea birds. The delta of Mackenzie River has many lakes and ponds. The muskrat is one animal that lives here.

The sea has about 80 species of zooplankton, more than 70 species of phytoplankton, and nearly 700 species of polychaetes, bryozoans, crustaceans and mollusks. But there are not very many of the animals because of the cold climate. Important fish species include polar cod, Arctic cod, saffron cod, Arctic char, chum salmon, Arctic cisco, least cisco, lake whitefish, broad whitefish, Pacific herring, fourhorn sculpin, inconnu and flatfish.

Chukchi Sea

Chukchi Sea is a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean. It is bounded on the west by the De Long Strait, off Wrangel Island, and in the east by Point Barrow, Alaska, beyond which is the Beaufort Sea. The Bering Strait forms its southernmost limit and connects it to the Bering Sea and the Pacific Ocean. The main port on the Chukchi Sea is Uelen in Russia. The International Date Line crosses the Chukchi Sea. It is moved east to avoid Wrangel Island as well as the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug on the Russian mainland.

The sea has an area of about 595,000 km² (230,000 mi²). It can only be travelled about four months of the year. The Chukchi Sea has very few islands compared to other seas of the Arctic. Wrangel Island is at the northwestern limit of the sea, Herald Island is near its northern limit, and a few small islands are along the Siberian and Alaskan coasts.

The sea is named after the Chukchi people. The live on its shores and on the Chukotka Peninsula. The Chukchi worked at fishing, whaling and the hunting of walrus in this cold sea.

In Siberia places along the coast are: Cape Billings, Cape Schmidt, Amguyema River, Cape Vankarem, the large Kolyuchinskaya Bay, Neskynpil'gyn Lagoon, Cape Serdtse-Kamen, Enurmino, Chegitun River, Inchoun, Uelen and Cape Dezhnev.

In Alaska, the rivers flowing into the Chukchi Sea are the Kivalina, the Kobuk, the Kokolik, the Kukpowruk, the Kukpuk, the Noatak, the Utukok, the Pitmegea, and the Wulik, among others. The most important rivers flowing in from its Siberian side are the Amguyema, Ioniveyem, and the Chegitun.

East Siberian Sea

The East Siberian Sea is a marginal sea in the Arctic Ocean. It is between the Arctic Cape to the north, the coast of Siberia to the south, the New Siberian Islands to the west and Cape Billings, close to Chukotka, and Wrangel Island to the east. This sea borders on the Laptev Sea to the west and the Chukchi Sea to the east.

This sea is one of the least studied in the Arctic area. It has severe climate, low water salinity, and little flora, fauna and human population. The depths are shallow (mostly less than 50 meters). There are slow sea currents, low tides (below 25 cm) and frequent fogs, especially in summer. The ice fields only fully melt in August–September. The sea shores were lived on for thousands of years by tribes of Yukaghirs, Chukchi and then Evens and Evenks.

The largest city and port is Pevek, the northernmost city of mainland Russia.

The most important of the rivers flowing into the East Siberian Sea are the Indigirka, the Alazeya, The Ujandina, the Chukochya River, the Kolyma, the Rauchua, the Chaun, and the Pegtymel. Only a few rivers are able to be travelled on. The coastline of the sea is 3,016 km long.

There are few flora and fauna due to the harsh climate. The summer plankton bloom is short. It makes 5 million tons of plankton in August and September. The yearly amount is 7 million tons.

The sea shores and icefields have ringed seals, bearded seals and walruses along polar bears. Birds include seagulls, uria and cormorants. Sea waters are often visited by bowhead whale, gray whale, beluga and narwhal. Major fish species are grayling and "Coregonus" (whitefishes), such as muksun, broad whitefish and omul. Also common are polar smelt, saffron cod, polar cod, flounder and arctic char.

Greenland Sea

The Greenland Sea is a body of water. It borders Greenland to the west, the Svalbard archipelago to the east, Fram Strait and the Arctic Ocean to the north, and the Norwegian Sea and Iceland to the south. The Greenland Sea is often defined as part of the Arctic Ocean and sometimes as part of the Atlantic Ocean. 

The sea has an Arctic climate with regular northern winds and temperatures rarely rising above 0 °C. The West Ice forms in winter in the Greenland Sea, north of Iceland, between Greenland and Jan Mayen island. It is a major breeding ground of harp seal and hooded seal. It has been used for seal hunting for more than 200 years.

Major islands of the Greenland Sea include Svalbard archipelago, Edvards, Eila, Godfred Hansens, Île-de-France, Jan Mayen Lynns, Norske and Schnauders. Of those, only the Svalbard islands are lived on, and Jan Mayen has only seasonal military staff.

The Greenland Sea is has many of the organisms that form the base of the oceanic food chain. Large invertebrates, fish (such as cod, herring, redfish, halibut, and plaice), birds and mammals (including various species of seals, whales, and dolphins) all feed on the smaller invertebrates and small organisms. Mosses, lichens, and scanty bushes around the coasts serve as food to the deer and musk oxen, which in turn are hunted by the polar bear.

Laptev Sea

The Laptev Sea is a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean. It is between the northern coast of Siberia, the Taimyr Peninsula, Severnaya Zemlya and the New Siberian Islands. Its northern boundary passes from the Arctic Cape and ends at the Anisiy Cape. The Kara Sea is to the west, the East Siberian Sea to the east.

The sea is named after the Russian explorers Dmitry Laptev and Khariton Laptev. The sea has a severe climate with temperatures below 0 °C (32 °F) over more than 9 months per year. There is low water salinity. There are few flora, fauna and humans. Most of the seas is less than 50 meters deep. It is frozen most of the time, though generally clear in August and September.

The sea shores were lived on for thousands of years by tribes of Yukaghirs and then Evens and Evenks. They were then settled by Yakuts and later by Russians. Russian explorations of the area started in the 17th century. They came from the south by several large rivers which empty into the sea. These rivers include the Lena River, the Khatanga, the Anabar, the Olenyok, the Omoloy and the Yana. The sea has several dozen islands, many have well-preserved mammoth remains.

The largest town and port is Tiksi.

Both flora and fauna are scarce because of the harsh climate. Vegetation of the sea is mostly represented by diatoms, with more than 100 species. The number of green algae, blue-green algae and flagellate species is about 10 each. The phytoplankton is characteristic of brackish waters. There are about 30 species of zooplankton. The coastal flora mainly is mosses and lichens and a few flowering plants including arctic poppy, "Saxifraga", "Draba" and small populations of polar ("Salix polaris") and creeping ("Salicaceae") willows. Rare vascular plants include species of "Cerastium" and "Saxifraga". Non-vascular plants include the moss genera "Detrichum", "Dicranum", "Pogonatum", "Sanionia", "Bryum", "Orthothecium" and "Tortura", as well as the lichen genera "Cetraria", "Thamnolia", "Cornicularia", "Lecidea", "Ochrolechia" and "Parmelia".

Permanent mammal species include ringed seal, bearded seal, Harp Seal, walrus, collared lemming, Arctic fox, reindeer, wolf, ermine, Arctic hare and polar bear. The beluga whale visits the region seasonally. There are several dozens species of birds. Some belong to permanent (tundra) species, such as snow bunting, purple sandpiper, Snowy Owl and brent goose. Others make large colonies on the islands and sea shores. These include little auk, Black-legged Kittiwake, black guillemot, ivory gull, "uria", "charadriiformes" and glaucous gull. Other bird species are skua, sterna, Northern Fulmar, Ivory Gull, Glaucous Gull, Ross's Gull, Long-tailed Duck, eider, loon and Willow Grouse. There are 39 fish species, mostly typical of braskish environment. The major ones are grayling and "Coregonus" (whitefishes), such as muksun, broad whitefish and omul. Also common are sardine, Arctic cisco, Bering cisco, polar smelt, saffron cod, polar cod, flounder and arctic char and inconnu.

In 1985, the Ust-Lena Nature Reserve was formed in the delta of the Lena River. It has an area of 14,300 km². In 1986, New Siberian Islands were included into the reserve. The reserve has many plants (402 species), fishes (32 species), birds (109 species) and mammals (33 species).

White Sea

The White Sea is a southern inlet of the Barents Sea. It is on the northwest coast of Russia. It is surrounded by Karelia to the west, the Kola Peninsula to the north, and the Kanin Peninsula to the northeast. All of the White Sea is under Russian control and considered to be part of the internal waters of Russia. It is divided between Arkhangelsk and Murmansk Oblasts and the Republic of Karelia.

The major port of Arkhangelsk is on the White Sea. It is an important Soviet naval and submarine base. The White Sea-Baltic Canal connects the White Sea with the Baltic Sea.

The White Sea is one of four seas named in English after common colour terms. The others are the Black Sea, the Red Sea and the Yellow Sea.

There are four main bays or gulfs on the White Sea. Kandalaksha Gulf is in the western part of the White Sea. It is the deepest part of the sea, reaching 340 metres (1,115 feet). On the south, Onega Bay receives the Onega River. To the southeast, the Dvina Bay receives the Northern Dvina River at the major port of Arkhangelsk. On the east side, opposite the Kola peninsula, is Mezen Bay. It receives the Mezen River and the Kuloy River. Other major rivers flowing into the sea are the Vyg, Niva, Umba, Varzuga and Ponoy.

The seabed of the central part and Dvina Bay is covered in silt and sand. The bottom of the northern part, the Kandalaksha Gulf and Onega Bay is a mixture of sand and stones. 

The White Sea has a large number of islands, but most of them are small. The main island group is the Solovetsky Islands. They are almost in the middle of the sea, near the entrance to Onega Bay. Kiy Island in Onega Bay is important due to a historic monastery. Velikiy Island, close to the shore, is the largest island in the Kandalaksha Gulf.

The sea has more than 700 species of invertebrates, about 60 species of fish, and 5 species of marine mammals. The fishing industry is small. They mostly target harp seal, ringed seal, herring, saffron cod, European smelt, Atlantic cod and Atlantic salmon. There is a developing seaweed industry.

The White Sea is an important traffic centre of northwestern Russia. The White Sea – Baltic Canal links it through Onega Lake to the Baltic Sea and the major city and port of Saint Petersburg. The Baltic Sea, in turn, is connected by the Volga–Baltic Waterway to the Volga River, Black, Caspian, and Azov seas. The major ports on the White Sea are Arkhangelsk, Belomorsk, Onega, Mezen, Kem, Kandalaksha and Umba. Even though it is frozen in winter, boats can travel on the sea all year around because of the use of icebreakers.

Philippe Harache

Philippe Harache (born 12 April 1954 in Orbec) is a French aerospace engineer and businessman. He is the former Vice-President of Eurocopter.

Graduate from Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées (1976), Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne University, INSEAD and Harvard University, Philippe Harache started his career in 1978 as Helicopter engineer. 
In 1982, he was President of Samaero at Singapore.

He became Vice-President of Eurocopter in 2001. He retired in 2010.

Since 2002, he has also been an adviser of France.



Raytheon

Raytheon Company is an American defense contractor and industrial corporation. It makes military weapons and commercial electronics. It is the world's largest producer of guided missiles. Raytheon was set up in 1922.

Jean-Paul Troadec

Jean-Paul Troadec (born October 14, 1948 in Saint-Renan, Finistère, France) is a French aerospace engineer. He is the current head of the French "Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile", the France aviation accident investigation bureau.

Graduate from "École Polytechnique" (1967) and French Civil Aviation University (1970) he has done a career of 25 years at the French civil aviation authorities. From 1985 till 1993, he was head of the "Service d'exploitation de la formation aéronautique".

He was nominated head of the "Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile" in 2009, succeeding Paul-Louis Arslanian.




Tilt Train

The Tilt Train is the name for two high speed train services by Queensland Rail. It runs along the coast of Queensland, from Brisbane, the state capital, through to regional centres Rockhampton and Cairns. It is the most popular way to explore Queensland's coastal tourism places.

Artificial island

An artificial island or man-made island is constructed by people. The island was not formed by nature. Artificial islands may vary in size.

The creation of artificial islands has a long history, including

Under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea treaty (UNCLOS), artificial islands are not considered harbor works (Article 11). Such islands are part of the nearest coastal state if the island is within (Article 56). 

Artificial islands are not considered islands for purposes of having their own territorial waters or Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ).


List of artificial islands

The list of artificial islands is growing. Artificial islands are being built in the 21st century. 







Volcanic crater

A volcanic crater is a circular depression in the ground caused by volcanic activity. 

It is usually a circular basin. When active, there is a vent or vents inside it. From these magma erupts as gases, lava, and . A crater can be huge, and sometimes deep. 

During certain types of gigantic eruptions, the volcano's magma chamber may empty enough for an area above it to subside. This dropped surface crater is called a caldera.


Guglielmo Marconi

Guglielmo Marconi (25 April 1874 20 July 1937) was an Italian inventor and electrical engineer. He was a pioneer of long-distance radio transmission. which he used to build up a radio telegraph system. Marconi is often named as the inventor of radio. He shared the 1909 Nobel Prize in Physics with Karl Ferdinand Braun. 

Much of Marconi's work in radio transmission was built on previous experimentation, and work by others. When he was twenty years old, based on the experiments of Hertz, Popov, Lodge, Bose, and Tesla, Marconi began his own experiments. 

As an entrepreneur, businessman, and founder of The Wireless Telegraph & Signal Company in Britain in 1897, Marconi became wealthy in the business of radio, mainly for ships at sea. In 1924, he was ennobled as Marchese Marconi. Back in Italy, he went on to become a member of the Grand Council of Fascism.

Roulette

Roulette is a casino game named after a French diminutive for "little wheel". In the game, players may choose to place bets on fields which include one or more numbers, the colors red or black, or whether the number is odd or even.

To determine the winning number and color, the game wheel is spun in one direction, then a ball is spun in the opposite direction around a track running around the wheel. The ball eventually slows down and falls on to the wheel and into one of 37 (in French/European roulette) or 38 (in American roulette) colored and numbered pockets on the wheel.


Fritz the Cat

Fritz the Cat is a 1972 animated movie directed by Ralph Bakshi. It led to strong controversy upon its release. This movie was the first animated movie to be marked X by the MPAA, although that rating was later surrendered and the movie was released without any actual rating.

Bay of Biscay

The Bay of Biscay is a gulf of the northeast Atlantic Ocean south of the Celtic Sea. It is along the western coast of France from Brest south to the Spanish border, and the northern coast of Spain west to Cape Ortegal. It is named in English after the province of Biscay, in the Spanish Basque Country.

The average depth is and maximum depth is .

The Bay of Biscay is home to some of the Atlantic Ocean's worst weather. Large storms occur in the bay, especially during the winter months. Until recently ships would be wrecked in Biscay storms, and many lives were lost. Improved ships and weather prediction have helped to reduce these problems.

The main rivers that empty into the Bay of Biscay are:

The main cities on the shores of the Bay of Biscay are:

Many species of whales and dolphins can be seen in this area. It is one of the few places where the beaked whales such as the Cuvier's beaked whale have been seen frequently. This is the best study area for beaked whales in the world. The best areas to see the larger cetaceans are in the deep waters beyond the continental shelf.

Gulf of Guinea

The Gulf of Guinea is off West Africa. It is in the northeast of the tropical Atlantic Ocean. 

The Gulf is between Cape Lopez in Gabon, north and west to Cape Palmas in Liberia. The intersection of the Equator and Prime Meridian (zero degrees latitude and longitude) is in the Gulf.

Among the many rivers that drain into the Gulf of Guinea are the Niger and the Volta. The coastline on the gulf includes the Bight of Benin and the Bight of Bonny.

The Gulf of Guinea has a number of islands, the largest of which are in a southwest-northeast chain, forming the Cameroon line of volcanoes.

Annobón, also known as Pagalu or Pigalu, is an island that is part of Equatorial Guinea.

Bioko is an island off the west coast of Africa in the Gulf of Guinea that is part of Equatorial Guinea.

Corisco is an island belonging to Equatorial Guinea.

Elobey Grande and Elobey Chico are two small islands belonging to Equatorial Guinea.

São Tomé and Príncipe (officially the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe) is a Portuguese-speaking island nation in the Gulf of Guinea. It became independent from Portugal in 1975.

Gulf of Saint Lawrence

The Gulf of Saint Lawrence (French: "golfe du Saint-Laurent") is the outlet of North America's Great Lakes via the Saint Lawrence River into the Atlantic Ocean. It is the world's largest estuary. It is a semi–enclosed sea, covering an area of about and having of water.

The gulf is bounded on the north by the Labrador Peninsula, to the east by Newfoundland, to the south by the Nova Scotia peninsula and Cape Breton Island, and to the west by the Gaspé and New Brunswick. It has Anticosti Island, Prince Edward Island, and the Magdalen Islands.

Besides the Saint Lawrence River itself, some of the tributaries of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence include the Miramichi River, the Natashquan River, the Restigouche River, the Margaree River, and the Humber River. Arms of the Gulf include the Chaleur Bay, Miramichi Bay, St. George's Bay, Bay of Islands, and Northumberland Strait.

The gulf flows into the Atlantic Ocean through the following outlets:




St. Paul Island, Nova Scotia, off the northeast tip of Cape Breton Island, is called the ""Graveyard of the Gulf"" for its many shipwrecks. Getting to the island is controlled by the Canadian Coast Guard.

Bonaventure Island on the eastern tip of the Gaspé Peninsula, Île Brion and Rochers-aux-Oiseaux (Bird Rock) northeast of the Magdalen Islands are important migratory bird sanctuaries. They are administered by the Canadian Wildlife Service.

The Government of Canada maintains national parks in the Gulf of St. Lawrence estuary at Forillon. It is on the eastern tip of the Gaspé, Prince Edward Island on the north shore of the island. Kouchibouguac is on the northeast coast of New Brunswick. Cape Breton Highlands is on the northern tip of Cape Breton Island. Gros Morne is on Newfoundland's west coast. And a national park reserve is in the Mingan Archipelago on Quebec's Côte-Nord.

Labrador Sea

The Labrador Sea (French: "mer du Labrador") is an arm of the North Atlantic Ocean between the Labrador Peninsula and Greenland. The sea is surrounded by continental shelves to the southwest, northwest, and northeast. It connects to the north with Baffin Bay through the Davis Strait. It has been described as a marginal sea of the Atlantic.

The Labrador Sea is about 3400 meters deep and wide where it joins the Atlantic Ocean. It becomes shallower, to less than towards Baffin Bay and passes into the Davis Strait.

The water temperature varies between in winter and in summer. The salinity is relatively low, at 31–34.9 parts per thousand. Two-thirds of the sea is covered in ice in winter.

The northern and western parts of the Labrador Sea are covered in ice between December and June. The drift ice serves as a breeding ground for seals in early spring. The sea is also a feeding ground for Atlantic salmon and several marine mammal species. Shrimp fisheries began in 1978, as well as cod fishing. The cod fishing quickly lessened the fish population in the 1990s and was stopped in 1992. Other fishery targets include haddock, Atlantic herring, lobster and several species of flatfish and pelagic fish such as sand lance and capelin. Bigger amounts are in the southern parts of the sea.

The sea has one of the two major stocks of Sei whales, the other one being the Scotian Shelf. Also common are minke and bottlenose whales.

The Labrador Duck was a common bird on the Canadian coast until 19th century, but is now extinct. Coastal animals include the Labrador Wolf, caribou, moose, black bear, red fox, arctic fox, wolverine, snowshoe hare, grouse, osprey, raven, ducks, geese, partridge and American wild pheasant.

Costal vegetation includes black spruce, tamarack, white spruce, dwarf birch, aspen, willow, ericaceous shrubs, cottongrass, sedge, lichens and moss. Evergreen bushes of Labrador tea, which is used to make herbal tea, are common in the area, both on the Greenland and Canadian coasts.

Ligurian Sea

The Ligurian Sea is an arm of the Mediterranean Sea. It is between the Italian Riviera (Liguria and Tuscany) and the island of Corsica. The sea is probably named after the ancient Ligures people.

The sea borders the countries Italy, France, and Monaco. In the east the sea borders the Tyrrhenian Sea, while in the west it borders the Mediterranean Sea proper. Genoa is the most prominent city in the area. 

The Gulf of Genoa is its northernmost part. The sea receives the Arno River from the east. The ports of Genoa, La Spezia, and Livorno are on its rocky coast. It reaches a maximum depth of more than 9,300 feet (2,850 m) northwest of Corsica.

In order to provide protection for the many cetacean (whales and dolphins; porpoises are not found in this part of the Mediterranean Sea) species in the Ligurian Sea the bordering countries made the sea a SPAMI in 1999. The International Ligurian Sea Cetacean Sanctuary now covers 84,000 km². This covers territorial waters as well as high sea.

Sea of Marmara

The Sea of Marmara, also known as the Sea of Marmora or the Marmara Sea, is the inland sea that connects the Black Sea to the Aegean Sea. It separates Turkey's Asian and European parts. The Bosphorus strait connects it to the Black Sea and the Dardanelles strait to the Aegean. The Sea has an area of 11,350 km² (280 km x 80 km) with the greatest depth reaching 1,370 m.

The salinity of the sea averages about 22 parts per thousand. This is slightly greater than that of the Black Sea but only about two-thirds that of most oceans. The water is much more saline at the sea-bottom, averaging salinities of around 38 parts per thousand — similar to that of the Mediterranean Sea. Water from the Susurluk, Biga (Granicus) and Gonen Rivers reduces the salinity of the sea.

There are two major island groups known as the Princes' and Marmara islands.

The south coast of the sea includes the Gulf of Izmit, the Gulf of Gemlik and the Gulf of Erdek.

The North Anatolian fault, which has started many major earthquakes in recent years, such as the 1999 İzmit earthquake, runs under the sea.

Norwegian Sea

The Norwegian Sea is a marginal sea in the North Atlantic Ocean, northwest of Norway. It is between the North Sea and the Greenland Sea. It joins the North Atlantic Ocean to the west and the Barents Sea to the northeast. In the southwest, it is separated from the Atlantic Ocean by a submarine ridge running between Iceland and the Faroe Islands. To the North, the Jan Mayen Ridge separates it from the Greenland Sea.

Unlike many other seas, most of the bottom of the Norwegian Sea is not part of a continental shelf. It is at a great depth of about two kilometres on average. Rich deposits of oil and natural gas are found under the sea bottom and are being explored commercially. The coastal zones are rich in fish that visit the Norwegian Sea from the North Atlantic for spawning. The warm North Atlantic Current gives stable and high water temperatures, so that unlike the Arctic seas, the Norwegian Sea is ice-free throughout the year.

The Norwegian Sea is a transition zone between boreal and Arctic conditions. It has flora and fauna of both regions. The southern limit of many Arctic species runs through the North Cape, Iceland, and the center of the Norwegian Sea. The northern limit of boreal species is near the borders of the Greenland Sea with the Norwegian Sea and Barents Sea. These areas overlap. Some species like the scallop "Chlamys islandica" and capelin tend to live in this area between the Atlantic and Arctic Oceans.

Most of the aquatic life in the Norwegian Sea is in the upper layers. Estimates for the entire North Atlantic are that only 2% of biomass is at depths below 1,000 metres and only 1.2% occurs near the sea floor.

The blooming of the phytoplankton is dominated by chlorophyll and peaks around 20 May. The major phytoplankton forms are diatoms, in particular the genus "Thalassiosira" and "Chaetoceros". After the spring bloom the haptophytes of the genus "Phaecocystis pouchetti" become dominant.

Zooplankton is mostly copepods "Calanus finmarchicus" and "Calanus hyperboreus". "C. hyperboreus" is strongest in the Arctic waters. They are the main diet of most marine predators. The most important krill species are "Meganyctiphanes norvegica", "Thyssanoessa inermis", and "Thyssanoessa longicaudata". In contrast to the Greenland Sea, there are a lot of calcareous plankton (Coccolithophore and Globigerinida).

Shrimp of the species "Pandalus borealis" play an important role in the diet of fish, particularly cod and blue whiting. A special feature of the Norwegian Sea is large coral reefs of "Lophelia pertusa", which provide shelter to various fish species.

The Norwegian coastal waters are the most important spawning ground of the herring populations of the North Atlantic, and the hatching occurs in March. The eggs float to the surface and are washed off the coast by the northward current. Whereas a small herring population remains in the fjords and along the northern Norwegian coast, the majority spends the summer in the Barents Sea, where it feeds on the rich plankton. Upon reaching puberty, herring returns to the Norwegian Sea. The herring stock varies greatly between years. It increased in the 1920s owing to the milder climate and then collapsed in the following decades until 1970; the decrease was, however, at least partly caused by overfishing. The biomass of young hatched herring declined from 11 million tonnes in 1956 to almost zero in 1970; that affected the ecosystem not only of the Norwegian Sea but also of the Barents Sea.
Enforcement of environmental and fishing regulations has resulted in partial recovery of the herring populations since 1987. This recovery was accompanied by a decline of capelin and cod stocks. While the capelin benefited from the reduced fishing, the temperature rise in the 1980s and competition for food with the herring resulted in a near disappearance of young capelin from the Norwegian Sea. Meanwhile, the elderly capelin population was quickly fished out. This also reduced the population of cod – a major predator of capelin – as the herring was still too small in numbers to replace the capelin in the cod's diet.

Blue whiting ("Micromesistius poutassou") has benefited from the decline of the herring and capelin stocks as it assumed the role of major predator of plankton. The blue whiting spawns near the British Isles. The sea currents carry their eggs to the Norwegian Sea, and the adults also swim there in order to benefit from the food supply. The young spend the summer and the winter until February in Norwegian coastal waters and then return to the warmer waters west of Scotland. The Norwegian Arctic cod mostly occurs in the Barents Sea and at the Svalbard Archipelago. In the rest of the Norwegian Sea, it is found only during the reproduction season, at the Lofoten Islands, whereas "Pollachius virens" and haddock spawn in the coastal waters. Mackerel is an important commercial fish. The coral reefs are populated by different species of the genus "Sebastes".

Large numbers of minke, humpback, sei, and orca whales are present in the Norwegian Sea. White-beaked dolphins are in the coastal waters. Orcas and some other whales visit the sea in the summer months for feeding. They follow the herring schools within the sea. With a total population of about 110,000, minke whales are by far the most common whales in the sea. They are hunted by Norway and Iceland, with a quota of about 1,000 per year in Norway. In contrast to the past, mostly they are hunted for their meat, rather than fat and oil.

The bowhead whale used to be in the area. It almost disappeared from the Norwegian Sea after intense whaling in the 19th century, and was temporarily extinct in the entire North Atlantic. Similarly, the blue whale used to form large groups between Jan Mayen and Spitsbergen, but is hardly present nowadays. Seeing northern bottlenose whales in the Norwegian Sea is rare. Other large animals of the sea are hooded and harp seals and squid.

Important waterfowl species of the Norwegian Sea are puffin, kittiwake and guillemot.

Sargasso Sea

The Sargasso Sea is a region in the gyre in the middle of the North Atlantic Ocean. It is bounded on the west by the Gulf Stream; on the north, by the North Atlantic Current; on the east, by the Canary Current; and on the south, by the North Atlantic Equatorial Current. This system of ocean currents forms the North Atlantic Gyre. All the currents deposit the marine plants and garbage they carry into this sea.

The Sargasso Sea is 700 statute miles wide and 2,000 statute miles long (1,100 km wide and 3,200 km long). Bermuda is near the western fringes of the sea. The Sargasso Sea is the only "sea" without shores. The ocean water in the Sargasso Sea is different for its deep blue color and exceptional clarity. Underwater visibility is up to .

Portuguese sailors were among the first to discover this region in the 15th century. They named it after the "Sargassum" seaweed growing there. 

The Sargasso Sea plays a major role in the migration of the European eel and the American eel. The larvae of both species hatch there and go to Europe or the East Coast of North America. Later in life, they try to return to the Sargasso Sea to lay eggs. It is also believed that after hatching, young Loggerhead Sea Turtles use currents, such as the Gulf Stream to travel to the Sargasso Sea, where they use the Sargassum as cover from predation until they are mature.

Kyoto University

, or , is a Japanese university in Kyoto. It is the second oldest Japanese university. It is in the city of Kyoto in Kyoto Prefecture.

 was established on June 1897 as a part of the Imperial university system.

The College of Law and the College of Medicine were founded in 1899, and the College of Letters was established in 1906.

In October 1947, Kyoto Imperial University was renamed Kyoto University.
Kyoto University has the following schools.



Tokyo Medical and Dental University

TMDU has three campuses. One is the "Kounodai" (国府台) campus. The closest station to the campus is Ichikawa Station. Freshmen learn liberal arts and sciences there. By being on the outskirts of Tokyo, Kounodai campus is in a rich natural environment. The others are "Yushima" (湯島) and "Surugadai" （駿河台） campus. The closest station to the campuses is Ochanomizu Station. Upperclassmen learn their speciality there.

TMDU has faculty of medicine and faculty of dentistry. There are also two graduate schools, medical and dental sciences and health care sciences; four undergraduate faculties - medicine, dentistry, health care sciences and oral health care sciences; two university hospitals; an undergraduate college of liberal arts and sciences; and two research institutes, the institute of biomaterials and bioengineering and the medical research institute.

The university was founded under the name of "Tokyo National School of Dentistry" as the first dental education institution in 1928. Then in 1951, it was reestablished with the faculty of medicine as Tokyo Medical and Dental University.

In world university ranking in 2011-2012 of Times Higher Education, TMDU is the 276~300th place, the 35th place in Asia, the 10th place in Japan.

TMDU's education philosophy is:


To enter TMDU, students should pass 2 types of exams: the common test for university admissions and the university's own exam.



On Christmas Day, there are sparkling lights in the shape of a Christmas tree on M&D Tower.

　…on your left side when looking from Ochanomizu Station.
　…in the middle of M&D Tower and Dental Building.
　…on your right side when looking from Ochanomizu Station.


John Cusack

John Paul Cusack (born June 28, 1966) is an American actor, movie producer, and screenwriter. He was born in Evanston, Illinois. He is the fourth of five children of actor Dick Cusack (1925-2003) and Nancy (née Carolan). His siblings Ann (born 1961), Joan (born 1962), Bill (born 1964) and Susie (born 1971) are actors.

His movies include: "The Sure Thing", "Better Off Dead", "One Crazy Summer", "Say Anything...", "Bullets Over Broadway", "City Hall", "Grosse Pointe Blank", "Con Air", "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil", "The Thin Red Line", "Pushing Tin", "Being John Malkovich", "High Fidelity", "America's Sweethearts", "Serendipity", "Identity", "Runaway Jury", "Must Love Dogs", "The Ice Harvest", "1408", "2012", "Hot Tub Time Machine", "The Raven", and in "The Butler".

Andaman Sea

The Andaman Sea or Burma Sea is a body of water to the southeast of the Bay of Bengal. It is south of Burma, west of Thailand and east of the Andaman Islands, India. It is part of the Indian Ocean.

The sea has been used for fishery and transportation of goods between the coastal countries. Its coral reefs and islands are popular for tourism. Many building were badly damaged by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami.

The average depth of the sea is about 1,000 meters (3,300 ft). The northern and eastern parts are shallower than 180 meters (600 ft) due to the silt deposited by the Irrawaddy River. This major river flows into the sea from the north through Burma. The western and central areas are 900–3,000 meters deep (3,000–10,000 ft). Less than 5% of the sea is deeper than 3,000 meters (10,000 ft). In a system of submarine valleys east of the Andaman-Nicobar Ridge, the depth is more than 4,000 meters (13,200 ft). The sea floor is covered with pebbles, gravel and sand.

The coastal areas of the Andaman Sea have mangrove forests and seagrass meadows. The mangrove roots trap soil and sediment. They provide shelter and are a nursery for fish and small aquatic organisms. Their body protects the shore from the wind and waves. Their detritus are a part of the aquatic food chain.

Other important sources of nutrients in the Andaman Sea are seagrass and the mud bottoms of lagoons and coastal areas. Many aquatic species move from and to seagrass either daily or at certain stages of their life cycle.

The sea waters along the Malay Peninsula favor molluscan growth. There are about 280 edible fish species belonging to 75 families. Of those, 232 species (69 families) are found in mangroves and 149 species (51 families) live in seagrass. 101 species are common to both places. The sea also has many vulnerable fauna species, including dugong, several dolphin species, such as Irrawaddy Dolphin and four species of sea turtles: critically endangered leatherback turtle and hawksbill turtle and threatened green turtle and Olive Ridley turtle. There are only about 150 dugongs in the Andaman Sea, scattered between Ranong and Satun provinces.

To the east of the main Great Andaman island group, is Barren Island. Barren Island is the only presently active volcano associated with the Indian subcontinent. This island-volcano is in diameter and rises 354 meters above the seal level. Its recent activity started again in 1991 after a quiet period of almost 200 years. The last eruption has started on 13 May 2008 and still continues. The volcanic island of Narcondam which is further to the north. No records exist of its activity.

Timor Sea

The Timor Sea is a relatively shallow sea. It is bounded to the north by the island of Timor, to the east by the Arafura Sea, to the south by Australia and to the west by the Indian Ocean.

The sea has a number of reefs, islands where no one lives and significant hydrocarbon reserves. The Timor Sea was hit by the worst oil spill for 25 years in 2009.

The waters to the east are known as the Arafura Sea. The Timor Sea is next to three large inlets on the north Australian coast, the Joseph Bonaparte Gulf, Beagle Gulf and the Van Diemen Gulf. The Australian city of Darwin is the only large city by the sea. The small town of Wyndham is on the west arm of Cambridge Gulf, an inlet of Joseph Bonaparte Gulf.

Rivers that enter the Timor Sea from the Northern Territory include Fish River, King River, Dry River, Victoria River and the Alligator Rivers. Rivers in the Kimberley region that flow into the Timor Sea include the Ord River, Forrest River, Pentecost River and Durack River.

The sea is about 480 km (300 statute miles) wide, covering an area of about 610,000 km². (235,000 square miles). Its deepest point is the Timor Trough in the northern part of the sea, which reaches a depth of 3,300 m (10,800 ft). The rest of the sea is much shallower, much of it averaging less than 200 m (650 ft) deep.

In May 2010, it was said that a crater about 50 km wide has been found on the seabed of the Timor Sea.

A number of important islands are in the sea. Two of the islands are Melville Island, part of the Tiwi Islands, off Australia and the Australian-governed Ashmore and Cartier Islands. It is thought that early humans reached Australia by "island-hopping" across the Timor Sea.

Scott and Seringapatam Reefs formed in the area. To the west on the same underwater platform is the Rowley Shoals.

Arafura Sea

The Arafura Sea is west of the Pacific Ocean. It overlys the continental shelf between Australia and New Guinea.

The Arafura Sea is bordered by Torres Strait and through that the Coral Sea to the east, the Gulf of Carpentaria to the south, the Timor Sea to the west and the Banda and Ceram seas to the northwest. It is long and wide. The depth of the sea is mostly 50–80 metres (165–265 feet) with the depth increasing to the west. As a shallow tropical sea, its waters are the start for tropical cyclones.

The sea is over the Arafura Shelf, part of the Sahul Shelf. When sea levels were low during the last glacial maximum, the Arafura Shelf, the Gulf of Carpentaria and Torres Strait formed a large flat land bridge. The bridge connected Australia and New Guinea and let humans move from Asia into Australia. The combined landmass formed the continent of Sahul.

Joan Cusack

Joan Mary Cusack Burke (born October 11, 1962 ) is an American actress. Her movies include "Working Girl", "Toy Story 2", "Toy Story 3", "Married to the Mob", "Say Anything", "Runaway Bride", and "Chicken Little". She was nominated for the Academy Award for "Best Actress in a Supporting Role" for her work in "Working Girl" and "In & Out". 

Cusack is the sister of John Cusack, Ann Cusack, Bill Cusack, and Susie Cusack. Cusack was born on October 11, 1962 in New York City, New York and was raised in Evanston, Illinois. Cusack married Richard Burke in 1993. They have two children together. They currently live in Chicago, Illinois.





Yōmei Seamount

This seabed mountain is named after Emperor Yōmei of Japan.

The last eruption from Yōmei seamount was between 60 million and 65 million years ago.



Bering Sea

The Bering Sea is a marginal sea of the Pacific Ocean. It has a deep water basin, which then rises through a narrow slope into the shallower water above the continental shelves.

The Bering Sea is separated from the Gulf of Alaska by the Alaska Peninsula. It covers over two million square kilometers, bordered on the east and northeast by Alaska, on the west by Russia's Siberia and Kamchatka Peninsula, on the south by the Alaska Peninsula and the Aleutian Islands and on the far north by the Bering Strait. The Strait connects the Bering Sea to the Arctic Ocean's Chukchi Sea. Bristol Bay is the part of the Bering Sea which separates the Alaska Peninsula from mainland Alaska. The Bering Sea is named for Vitus Bering, a Danish navigator in Russian service, who in 1728 was the first European to systematically explore it.

The Bering Sea ecosystem includes resources belonging to the United States and Russia, as well as international waters in the middle of the sea.

Most scientists believe that during the most recent ice age, sea level was low enough to let humans and other animals move on foot from Asia to North America across what is now the Bering Strait. This is commonly called the "Bering land bridge" and is believed by some—though not all— to be the first point of entry of humans into the Americas.

Islands of the Bering Sea include:

Regions of the Bering Sea include:

The Bering Sea has 16 submarine canyons including the largest submarine canyon in the world, Zhemchug Canyon.

The Bering Sea is home to some of the world's most interesting wildlife. This sea supports many endangered whale species including bowhead whale, blue whale, fin whale, sei whale, humpback whale, sperm whale and the rarest in the world, the North Pacific right whale. Other marine mammals include walrus, Steller sea lion, northern fur seal, beluga, orca and polar bear.

The Bering Sea is very important to the seabirds of the world. Over 30 species of seabirds and about 20 million individuals breed in the Bering Sea region. Seabird species include tufted puffins, the endangered short-tailed albatross, spectacled eider, and red-legged kittiwakes.

Two Bering Sea species, the Steller's sea cow and spectacled cormorant, are extinct because of overexploitation by man. In addition, a small subspecies of Canada goose, the Bering Canada goose is extinct due to overhunting and the introduction of rats to their breeding islands.

The Bering Sea supports many species of fish. At least 419 species of fish have been reported from the Bering Sea. Some species of fish support large and valuable commercial fisheries. Commercial fish species include six species of Pacific salmon; also Alaska pollock, red king crab, Pacific cod, Pacific halibut, yellowfin sole, Pacific ocean perch and sablefish.

Celebes Sea

The Celebes Sea is a sea of the western Pacific Ocean. It is bordered on the north by the Sulu Archipelago and Sulu Sea and Mindanao Island of the Philippines. It is bordered on the east by the Sangihe Islands chain, on the south by Sulawesi, and on the west by Kalimantan in Indonesia. It is 420 miles (675 km) north-south by 520 miles (837 km) east-west. It has a total surface area of . The maximum depth is 20,300 feet (6,200 m). The sea opens southwest through the Makassar Strait into the Java Sea.

The Celebes Sea is home to a wide variety of fish and aquatic creatures. The tropical setting and warm clear waters give it about 580 of the world's 793 species of reef-building corals. There is a large amount of marine life, including whales and dolphins, sea turtles, manta rays, eagle rays, barracuda, marlin and other reef and pelagic species. Tuna and yellowfin tuna are also abundant.

The Celebes Sea is known for its pirates. They prey not only on small time fishermen but also giant container ships. Nowadays, these pirates have high-tech weapons and equipment like radar and GPS navigation devices and ride on high-speed motorboats. It is the second most pirated body of water after the Gulf of Aden near Somalia. 

The Celebes Sea is an important sea route for regional trade. The sea is also popular for scuba diving and luxury ocean cruising.

Flores Sea

The Flores Sea covers 93,000 square miles (240,000 square kilometres) of water in Indonesia.

The seas that border the Flores Sea are the Bali Sea (to the west), Java Sea (to the northwest), and the Banda Sea (to the east and northeast). The Indian Ocean and Savu Sea are to the south. They are separated from the Flores Sea by various islands. Islands that border this sea are the Lesser Sunda Islands and Celebes (Sulawesi).

Gulf of Alaska

The Gulf of Alaska is an arm of the Pacific Ocean. The borders are the southern coast of Alaska, stretching from the Alaska Peninsula and Kodiak Island in the west to the Alexander Archipelago in the east, where Glacier Bay and the Inside Passage are found.

The entire shoreline of the Gulf is a combination of forest, mountain, and a number of tidewater glaciers. Alaska's largest glaciers, the Malaspina Glacier and Bering Glacier go out onto the coastal plain along the Gulf of Alaska. Cook Inlet and Prince William Sound are the two largest connected bodies of water. There is also Yakutat Bay and Cross Sound. Lituya Bay is the place of the largest recorded tsunami in history.


Gulf of Thailand

The Gulf of Thailand is a shallow arm of the South China Sea.

The Gulf of Thailand is bordered by Cambodia, Thailand and Vietnam. The northern tip of the gulf is the Bay of Bangkok at the mouth of the Chao Phraya River. The gulf is about 320,000 km². The boundary of the gulf is defined by the line from Cape Bai Bung in southern Vietnam to the city Kota Baru on the Malaysian coast.

The Gulf of Thailand is relatively shallow. Its average depth is 45 m, and the maximum depth only 80 m. This makes water exchange slow. The strong water inflow from the rivers make the Gulf low in salinity (3.05-3.25%) and rich in sediments. The main rivers which empty into the gulf are the Chao Phraya (including its distributary Tha Chin River), Mae Klong and Bang Pakong Rivers at the Bay of Bangkok, and the Tapi River into Bandon Bay in the southwest of the gulf.

The Gulf of Thailand has many coral reefs, and several diving resorts. Due to the tropical warmth of the water, it is popular with tourists. Some of the most important tourist places in the Gulf of Thailand are the islands of Ko Samui and Ko Pha Ngan in Surat Thani province, Pattaya in Chonburi province, Cha-am in Phetchaburi Province, Hua Hin in Prachuap Khiri Khan Province, Ko Samet in Rayong Province,and Ko Chang in Trat Province

Java Sea

The Java Sea is a large shallow sea on the Sunda Shelf. It is 320,000 km². It was formed as sea levels rose at the end of the last ice age. The Java Sea is between the Indonesian islands of Borneo to the north, Java to the south; Sumatra to the west, and Sulawesi to the east. Karimata Strait to its northwest links it to the South China Sea.

Fishing is an important economic activity in the Java Sea. There are over 3,000 species of marine life in the area. A number of national parks are in the area such as Karimunjawa. The Thousand Islands are north of the mainland Jakarta. The area around the Java Sea is a popular tourist destination. Scuba diving lets people explore and photograph underwater caverns, wrecks, coral, sponges, and other marine life.

The Battle of the Java Sea, during February and March 1942, was one of the costliest naval battles of World War II. The naval forces of the Netherlands, Britain, Australia, and the U.S. were nearly completely destroyed trying to defend Java from Japanese attack.

Koro Sea

The Koro Sea or Sea of Koro is a sea in the Pacific Ocean. It is between Viti Levu island, Fiji to the west and the Lau Islands to the east. It is surrounded by the islands of the Fijian archipelago.

The sea is named after Koro Island.


Molucca Sea

The Molucca Sea is in the western Pacific Ocean, within the country of Indonesia. The region is rich in coral and has many diving sites.

The Molucca Sea borders the Banda Sea to the south and the Celebes Sea to the north. 

The islands bordering the Molucca Sea include Halmahera to the north east, Buru and Ceram in the centre, and Sulawesi to the west. The Talaud Islands to the north are the general limit of the sea. The Molucca Sea Plate, the tectonic plate named after the sea, goes further north.

Sea of Okhotsk

The Sea of Okhotsk is a marginal sea of the western Pacific Ocean. It is between the Kamchatka Peninsula on the east, the Kuril Islands on the southeast, the island of Hokkaidō to the south, the island of Sakhalin along the west, and a long stretch of eastern Siberian coast (including the Shantar Islands) along the west and north. The northeast corner is Shelikhov Gulf. It is named after Okhotsk, the first Russian town in the Far East.

The Sea of Okhotsk covers 611,000 sq.mi. (1,583,000 km). The average depth is 2,818 feet (859 metres). Its maximum depth is 11,063 feet (3,372 metres). It is connected to the Sea of Japan on the west through the Sakhalin Gulf and the Gulf of Tartary; on the south, through the La Pérouse Strait.

In winter, travelling on the Sea of Okhotsk becomes difficult, or even impossible, due tolarge ice floes.

Except for Hokkaidō, one of the Japanese home islands, the sea is surrounded on all sides by land of the Russian Federation. For this reason, it is generally said to be part of Russia.

Some of the Sea of Okhotsk's islands are quite large. These include Japan's second largest island, Hokkaidō, as well as Russia's largest island, Sakhalin. Iony Island is the only island in open waters. It belongs to the Khabarovsk Krai of the Russian Federation. Most of the sea's islands are have no people making them ideal breeding grounds for seals, sea lions, seabirds, and other sea island fauna.


Solomon Sea

The Solomon Sea is a sea in the Pacific Ocean. It is between Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. Many major battles were fought there during World War II.

The Solomon Sea includes the New Britain Trench. It reaches its maximum depth at 29,988 feet (9,140 m) below sea level.

Sulu Sea

Sulu Sea has a number of islands. The Cuyo Islands and Cagayan Sulu are part of the province of Palawan while Mapun and the Turtle Islands are part of the province of Tawi-Tawi. The Tubbataha Reef National Marine Park, one of the World Heritage Sites, is in Sulu.

Jingū Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Jingū Guyot" because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Empress Jingū of Japan.

The last eruption from Jingū seamount was 55 million years ago.



African forest elephant

The African forest elephant ("Loxodonta cyclotis") is an elephant which lives in the forests of the Congo Basin. 

It is often considered a separate species from the African bush elephant ("Loxodonta africana"); a 2010 study said that the two elephants were two different species. However, since the two groups can interbreed successfully, they may only be separate subspecies of "Loxodonta africana". They are probably forest elephants whose small size is adapted to the rainforest conditions.

The differences include that the African forest elephant has a long, narrow mandible (the African bush elephant's is short and wide), it has rounded ears (an African bush elephant's ears are more pointed), straighter and downward tusks, smaller size, and more toenails. The male African forest elephant rarely grows more than 2.5 metres (8 ft) in height, while the African bush elephant is usually over 3 metres (just under 10 feet) and sometimes almost 4 metres (13 ft) tall. The African bush elephant normally has 4 toenails on the frontfoot and 3 on the hindfoot, the African forest elephant normally has 5 toenails on the frontfoot and 4 on the hindfoot (like the Asian elephant). 

The African forest elephant is a herbivore (plant eater) and commonly eats leaves, grass, fruit, and bark, and sometimes visits places where it can lick salt.


Amundsen Sea

The Amundsen Sea is an arm of the Southern Ocean off Marie Byrd Land in western Antarctica. It is bounded by Cape Flying Fish, the northwestern tip of Thurston Island to the east and Cape Dart on Siple Island to the west. East of Cape Flying Fish starts the Bellingshausen Sea. The sea is named for the Norwegian polar explorer Roald Amundsen.

The sea is mostly ice-covered. The ice sheet which drains into the Amundsen Sea averages about in thickness. It is roughly the size of the state of Texas. The area is known as the Amundsen Sea Embayment (ASE). It forms one of the three major ice drainage basins of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet.

Pine Island Bay () is a bay about long and wide. The ice of the Pine Island Glacier at the southeast end of the Amundsen Sea flows into it. It was named for USS "Pine Island".

Russell Bay () is a rather open bay in southwestern Amundsen Sea. It goes along the north sides of Siple Island, Getz Ice Shelf and Carney Island, from Pranke Island to Cape Gates. It is named for Admiral James S. Russell, USN, Vice Chief of Naval Operations.

Great Australian Bight

The Great Australian Bight is a large bight, or open bay. It is off the central and western parts of the southern coastline of mainland Australia.

The Bight's boundaries are from Cape Pasley, Western Australia, to Cape Carnot, South Australia. This is a distance of 1,160 km or 720 miles.

The much more accepted name in Australia for the connected waterbody is the Southern Ocean rather than the Indian Ocean.

The settlements along the coastline with access to the Bight and facilities are Ceduna and Eucla. Some other locations on the Eyre Highway or on the Nullarbor do not have facilities or easy access.

The coast line of the Great Australian Bight has cliff faces (up to 60 m high), surfing beaches and rock platforms, ideal for whale-watching. The Great Australian Bight receives very little of the runoff that fertilises most continental shelves. It is essentially a marine desert. It is probably best noted for the large number of sharks that frequent its coastal waters, as well as the increasing numbers of Southern Right Whales that migrate in the region.

One location on the bight that is for the understanding of the natural history on its coastline is the Eyre Bird Observatory.

Ross Sea

The Ross Sea is a deep bay of the Southern Ocean in Antarctica between Victoria Land and Marie Byrd Land.

The Ross Sea was discovered by James Ross in 1841. In the west of the Ross Sea is Ross Island. In the east is Roosevelt Island. The southern part is covered by the Ross Ice Shelf. In the west of the Ross sea, McMurdo Sound is a port which is usually free of ice during the summer. The southernmost part of the Ross Sea is Gould Coast, which is about two hundred miles from the Geographic South Pole.

All land masses in the Ross Sea are claimed by New Zealand.

A 10 metre (32.8 feet) long colossal squid weighing 495 kilograms (1,091 lb) was captured in the Ross Sea on February 22, 2007.

The flora and fauna are similar to other southern Antarctic marine regions. In summer there are a lot of plankton. They provide food for larger species, such as fish, seals, whales, and sea- and shore-birds.

The coastal parts of the sea have a number of rookeries of Adélie and Emperor penguins. They have been seen at a number of places around the Ross Sea, both towards the coast and outwards in open sea.

The Ross Sea is one of the last parts of seas on Earth that is mostly unaffected by human activities. Because of this, it is almost totally free from pollution, overfishing and the introduction of invasive species. Some people want to make the area a world marine reserve.

Ōjin Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Ōjin Guyot" because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Emperor Ōjin of Japan.

The last eruption from Ōjin seamount was 55 million years ago.



Scotia Sea

The Scotia Sea is partly in the Southern Ocean and mostly in the South Atlantic Ocean.

Normally stormy and cold, the Scotia Sea is the area of water between Tierra del Fuego, South Georgia, South Sandwich Islands, South Orkney Islands and the Antarctic Peninsula. It is bordered on the west by Drake Passage. These island groups all sit on top of the Scotia Ridge. The Scotia Sea covers an area of about 900,000 km². About half of the sea stands above the continental shelf.

The islands are rocky and partly covered in ice and snow year round.

The islands do have vegetation. They have been called Scotia Sea Islands tundra ecoregion. These include South Georgia, the volcanic South Sandwich Islands and the South Orkneys in the Scotia Sea as well as the remote South Shetland Islands near the Antarctic Peninsula and the small isolated volcano Bouvet Island. All these islands are in the cold seas below the Antarctic convergence. These areas have tundra vegetation of mosses, lichen and algae. Seabirds, penguins and seals feed in the surrounding waters. 

Seabirds include four species of albatross: Black-browed Albatross "(Diomedea melanophris)", Grey-headed Albatross "(Thalassarche chrysostoma)", Light-mantled Albatross "(Phoebetria palpebrata)", and Wandering Albatross "(Diomedea exulans)". There are only five species of bird that stay on land. These include two endemic species: a race of the Yellow-billed Pintail duck"(Anas georgica)" and South Georgia Pipit "(Anthus antarcticus)".

Penguin species found here include large numbers of King Penguins, as well as Chinstrap Penguin, Macaroni Penguin, Gentoo penguin, Adelie Penguin, and Rockhopper Penguin "(Eudyptes chrysocome)". 

Seals include the Antarctic Fur Seal "(Arctocephalus gazella)" and Sub-Antarctic Fur Seal "(Arctocephalus tropicalis)" in large numbers, Leopard Seal "(Hydrurga leptonyx)", Weddell Seal "(Leptonychotes weddellii)", the huge Southern Elephant Seal "(Mirounga leonina)", and Crabeater Seal "(Lobodon carcinophagus)".

South Georgia, the South Sandwich Islands and Bouvet Island are protected as nature reserves. Bird Island, South Georgia is a site of special scientific interest. 

Weddell Sea

The Weddell Sea is part of the Southern Ocean and has the Weddell Gyre. The easternmost point is Cape Norvegia at Princess Martha Coast, Queen Maud Land. Much of the southern part of the sea, up to Elephant Island, is permanent ice. The sea is claimed by Argentina and Britain. There is also a part in the claim of Chile. At its widest the sea is around 2,000 km across. In area it is around 2.8 million km².

The sea is named after the British sailor James Weddell who entered the sea in 1823. 

The Weddell Seal is one of the animals that live in the area.

The Weddell Sea has said by scientists to have the clearest water of any sea. 

Bab-el-Mandeb

The Bab-el-Mandeb, meaning "Gate of Tears" in Arabic, is a strait between Yemen on the Arabian Peninsula, Djibouti and Eritrea, north of Somalia, in the Horn of Africa, and connecting the Red Sea to the Guardafui Channel and Gulf of Aden. It is sometimes called the "Mandab Strait" in the English language.

The strait gets its name from the dangers of traveling on it. Or, according to an Arab legend, from the numbers who were drowned by the earthquake which separated Asia and Africa.

Bab el-Mandab acts is an important link between the Indian Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea, via the Red Sea and the Suez Canal. In 2006, about of oil passed through the strait per day, out of a world total of about .

The distance across is about 20 miles (30 km) from Ras Menheli in Yemen to Ras Siyan in Djibouti. The island of Perim divides the strait into two channels. The eastern channel, known as the Bab Iskender (Alexander's Strait), is 2 miles (3 km) wide and 16 fathoms (30 m) deep. The western channel, or Dact-el-Mayun, has a width of about 16 miles (25 km) and a depth of 170 fathoms (310 m). Near the coast of Djibouti is a group of smaller islands known as the "Seven Brothers".

Bass Strait

Bass Strait is a sea strait separating Tasmania from the south of the Australian mainland, specifically the state of Victoria. The strait was named after George Bass who travelled it in 1798.

It is about 240 km wide at its narrowest point and generally around 50 metres deep. It has many islands, with King Island and Flinders Island home to many towns.

The water is very rough, with many ships lost in the 19th century. A lighthouse was built on Deal Island in 1848 to help ships in the eastern part of the Straits. On the west, the Cape Otway Lighthouse was first lit in 1848. Another lighthouse was at Cape Wickham at the northern end of King Island in 1861.

There are over 50 islands in Bass Strait. Major islands include:

Western section:

South eastern section:

North eastern section:

Davis Strait

Davis Strait is a northern arm of the Labrador Sea. It is between mid-western Greenland and Nunavut, Canada's Baffin Island. The strait was named for the English explorer John Davis (1550–1605), who explored the area while seeking a Northwest Passage. It is the world's broadest strait.

The water depth is between one and two thousand meters. The strait is much shallower than the Labrador Sea to the south or Baffin Bay to the north. It is on the coast line of Canada.

Nine-banded armadillo

The nine-banded armadillo ("Dasypus novemcinctus"), or the nine-banded, long-nosed armadillo, is a species of armadillo. The nine-banded armadillo is an insectivorous animal. Ants, termites, and other small invertebrates make up most of its diet. The armadillo can jump in the air when scared.

The nine-banded armadillo is spreading more far out in both the north and east of the United States. It crossed the Rio Grande from Mexico in the late 19th century. At the same time, it was introduced in Florida by humans. By 1995, the species was found in Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida, and recently seen as far north as southern Nebraska, Illinois, and Indiana.
The main reason of this fast expansion is because the species have few or no natural predators in the United States. It is also because Americans do not hunt or eat the armadillo. In late 2009, the state of North Carolina considered a hunting season for armadillo to slow them down.
Outside the United States, the nine-banded armadillo is in Central and South America and northern Argentina and Uruguay.

Nine-banded armadillos are mostly insectivores. They find their meals by pushing their snouts into soil and digging. They dig up grubs, beetles, ants, termites, and worms. They sometimes also eat amphibians, small reptiles, fungi, and carrion.

Nine-banded armadillos do not live in groups. They are nocturnal, which means that they are lively at night instead of the day. Through soil excavation, the nine-banded armadillo's ability to burrow underground helps the armadillo protect itself from predators and protect their young. They are purposely positioned in a way, such as on a slope, where they have vegetation around, protective layers around, and easy access to nearby burrows. The burrows they make are about wide, deep, and long.
Armadillos usually mark their territory. The armadillo can jump in the air when scared. This may be dangerous on roads, because it could get hit by a car. Their top protection mechanism is their rigid, bony, armored shell. 

Mating is usually done from July to August in the Northern Hemisphere and November to January in the Southern Hemisphere. A single egg is fertilized. Then it splits into four identical embryos, each which makes its own placenta. The nine-banded armadillo gives birth to genetically identical quadruplets.

After birth, the quadruplets remain in the burrow, drinking the mother's milk for about three months. Then they begin to hunt for their meals with the mother. After six months to a year, they leave.

A single female can produce up to 56 young over the course of her life.


Redundancy

In information theory, redundancy means that a message is encoded and transmitted using more bits that are necessary to encode the message. If a piece of information is redundant, it can be left out, without loss of information. Redudant information such as checksums can be used to detect and correct errors in transmission or storage.

Operations like data compression reduce redundancy. This can be good, as the data can be sent more quickly and take less space. It can also be bad, if an error can no longer be corrected automatically.

When using databases, redundancies must be avoided, as they can lead to inconsistencies. In this case, the process is called normalisation. 

Hiroshima Toyo Carp

The is a Japanese professional baseball team in the city of Hiroshima and Hiroshima Prefecture. The Carp play in Japan's Central League or .

The team's ballpark is Mazda Stadium.

The Carp is a team with the greatest number of perfect games Japanese professional baseball.

The team joined the Central League as the Hiroshima Carp in 1949.
Carp Won Central League Championship for the first time in 1975.

The team mascot "Slyly" bears resemblance to the Phillie Phanatic of the Philadelphia Phillies. "Carp Boya" is another team mascot.






Moyashimon

Moyasimon: Tales of Agriculture, in Japan also known as Moyashimon (もやしもん), is a manga series created by Masayuki Ishikawa. It won the 2008 Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize for Grand Prize and the 2008 Kodansha Manga Award for general manga.

It is said that the setting is based on Tokyo University of Agriculture. However, the author has said that it is just any agricultural college, and is unrelated to a real university.

Moyasimon follows the life of Tadayasu Sawaki, a first-year college student at an agricultural university.

He can see and communicate with microorganisms and bacteria.




Kōkō Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Kōkō Guyot"' because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Emperor Kōkō of Japan.

The last eruption from Kōkō seamount was 48 million years ago. The north side of Kōkō Seamount was formed at least 52.6 million years ago; and the south side of Kōkō is dated at 50.4 million years ago.



Kammu Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Kammu Guyot" because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Emperor Kammu of Japan.

The last eruption from Kammu seamount is unknown.



Staffordshire Hoard

The Staffordshire Hoard is the largest find of Anglo-Saxon gold and silver metalwork in Britain. It was discovered in a field near the village of Hammerwich, Lichfield, in Staffordshire on 5 July 2009. It consists of over 3,500 items. 

The objects are nearly all martial (military) in character, and there are no objects which are specifically female. The artefacts are dated as 7th or 8th centuries, at the time of the Kingdom of Mercia. 

The hoard has been described by Leslie Webster, former keeper of the department of prehistory at the British Museum, as "absolutely the metalwork equivalent of finding a new Lindisfarne Gospels or Book of Kells", and "this is going to alter our perceptions of Anglo-Saxon England as radically, if not more so, as the Sutton Hoo discoveries". 

Dr Roger Bland, Head of the Portable Antiquities Scheme, said: "It is a fantastically important discovery. It is assumed that the items were buried by their owners at a time of danger with the intention of later coming back and recovering them".

The average quality of the workmanship is extremely high. 
The hoard was valued at £3.285 million, and has now been purchased by the Birmingham Museum & Art Gallery and the Potteries Museum & Art Gallery.

Dietary supplement

A dietary supplement (or food supplement or nutritional supplement) is anything taken by mouth which helps enhance food that a person or animal eats. It can be in pill, powder, or a liquid form. 

The supplement provides nutrients such as vitamins, minerals, fiber, fatty acids, or amino acids. People may want to take supplements because they may not have enough nutrients in their body or may want to get more healthier. Some countries define supplements as food. Others define them as drugs or natural health products. 

Bodybuilding supplements are dietary supplements for those involved in bodybuilding and athletics. These supplements can help with weight gain or weight loss, or to improve their performance.


Rana (genus)

Rana is a genus of frogs. There are over 90 species of these frogs. These include the pond frogs such as the common frog which lives in Europe. The brown frog, leopard frog, and the American bullfrog are also included. Members of "Rana" can be found in Eurasia, North American, Africa, Central America, and the northern parts of South America.

Species of "Rana" are very large in length. They have slim waists and wrinkled skin. Most of "Rana" frogs do not have warts like many toads. "Rana" frogs are great jumpers because of their long slender legs. All of the "Rana" frogs, including most frogs, have webbed feet. This allows them to swim in water. "Rana" frogs are mostly green and have brown on the top. They have darker and yellowish spots on their bodies.



Roar (utterance)

A roar is a sound that is made from certain animals. This sound is a deep outburst from an open mouth. Roaring is made by using the hyoid. The hyoid is a small bone that is not completely rigid in adults. Animals roar for a few reasons. These include when animals claim their territory (such as territorial dispute), communication with other members, and when they are angry. 

Daikaku-ji

The earliest structures were built in the early Heian period as a villa of Emperor Saga (785-842). Osawa pond, the artificial lake in the Japanese garden, was created in Saga's lifetime.

After Saga's death, a Buddhist temple complex was established at the site. Imperial princes were often appointed as abbot of the temple.

In the 14th century, the temple came to be associated with the Kameyama branch of the Imperial family.




Auf Wiedersehen, Pet

Auf Wiedersehen, Pet is a British drama television program about English migrant builders. The show was created by Franc Roddam and mostly written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais. It was shown on ITV from 1983-1986 and on BBC One from 2002-2004. It stars Christopher Fairbank, Christopher Holton, Tim Healy, Gary Holton, Jimmy Nail, Pat Roach, Timothy Spall and Kevin Whately.

In the first series, the men work on a building site in Düsseldorf, Germany.


Daikakuji Seamount

The seamount is also known as the "Daikakuji Guyot" because it has a flat top. This undersea geologic feature is also called a "guyot" or "tablemount".

This seabed mountain is named after Daikaku-ji, which is a Buddhist temple long associated with the Imperial family.

The last eruption from Daikakuji seamount was 42 million years ago.



Bob Hoskins

Robert William Hoskins (26 October 1942 – 29 April 2014) was a British actor. He was born in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk and raised in Finsbury Park, London. 

Hoskins' movies include: "The Long Good Friday", "Mona Lisa" and "Who Framed Roger Rabbit". He won a BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award for his role as George in Mona Lisa. 

He was also awarded a doctorate degree (degree in acting) at the graduation ceremony of Royal Central School of Speech and Drama in London, England. 

On 8 August 2012, Hoskins said he had retired, having being diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in late 2011. He died of pneumonia on the morning of 29 April 2014 in London.

Hakuchi (era)

In 650 ("Taika 6", The "daimyo" of Nagato Province brought a white pheasant to the court as a gift for the emperor. It was considered to be a good omen, and the emperor caused the "nengō" to be changed to "Hakuchi" (meaning "white pheasant").

In Japan, this was the second nengō, which was developed from the Chinese system of eras ("nianhao"). It became an example of growth in political power.

The system of Japanese era names was not the same as Imperial reign dates.




Tororo

Tororo () is a sticky food made from grating a yam. Tororo is mixed with other food that typically includes dashi, wasabi, and green onions, and the amount of these ingredients can be adjusted to suit one's taste. In Japan, tororo is eaten as a side dish, or added to noodles (udon or soba). Tororo has a lot of vitamin B1, vitamin C, calcium, potassium, and other vitamins and minerals.

Mugitoro () is a wheat dish made by pouring cold tororo on top of cooked wheat.

Yamakake () is a dish made from tororo and tuna (maguro). Tuna seasoned with soy sauce and tororo with dashi give a mild taste. Sometimes, it is put on rice as Donburi.

Tororo is also eaten with udon or soba. In tororo udon/soba, it is often eaten with a raw egg or a yolk.
Japanese people think it is very healthy to eat tororo, so it is added to many foods.　

The Japanese food nattō is often eaten with tororo, too.

Lego Big Morl

lego big morl is a Japanese rock band from Osaka, made up of four men: Takehiro Kanata(guitar & vocal), Hiroki Tanaka (guitar), Hiro Asakawa (drum), Shintarou Yamamoto (bass).
It is called merely "lego".

They started the band in Osaka in 2006, and had a tour a year later. After that, their song "Ray" was adopted as the featured song of a drama, "Akai ito". This made them a little famous and they made a major debut next year.

"Ray" was covered by Kou Shibasaki in 2010.


2006:

After Asakawa's band split up in March, he asked Kanata to form a band with him. Tanaka, who was in the same band as Kanata joined the new band, followed by Yamamoto, who was a friend of Kanata from high school.
They started to go into action mainly in Osaka.

2007:

They held a first live tour in Tokyo, Yokohama, Ibaraki, and Gunma in March.
They gave out free CDs "テキーラグッバイ(tequila goodbye)" at live studios.

2008:<br>
The year of getting people to know them.
...They released a ¥100 SINGLE"moonwalk for a week", which reached number four on the indies chart.
They also released a first mini album "Tuesday and Thursday".
Starting from here, they attended many big music festivals and events.
In December, they released their first single "Ray", which became one of the soundtracks of the Fuji TV drama, and movie "赤い糸(akai ito)".



Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks

The history of the Hawks dates to the 1930s. The team has had several names, including

SoftBank Hawks won the first prize in the Japan championship in 2011. The owner of the Hawks is SoftBank, an IT company. The Hawks are very popular in Fukuoka. The mascot character is Harry Hawk.

The Fukuoka Yahoo! Japan Dome in Fukuoka is their home stadium. This stadium is in the central ward of Fukuoka city, near Tojinmachi subway station.




Shōten

Shōten is a comedy Japanese television series. It is broadcast on Sunday afternoons in Nippon television Network corporation. The show started in 1966.

There are eight members of this TV program: Utamaru, Koyuuza, Kouraku, Kikuō, Rakutarou, Shōta, Taihei and Takao Yamada. They are very　famous comic storytellers except Yamada. Yamada carries Japanese cushion for other broadcaster. Yamada says "I carry not only cushion but also happiness."


Slalom skiing

Slalom skiing is a special event in the sport of Alpine skiing.

Slalom was first recognized as part of the Winter Olympic Games in 1936.

Slalom is the most technical event in alpine skiing.

A slalom race involves skiing between and around a series of obstacles made of poles which are placed on the snowy slope. These poles are called "gates". There are many gates in a slalom run.

Smaller turns than Super G or Downhill are made because distance between gates is short.

World Cup is the highest international competition of alpine skiing held by International Ski Federation (FIS).

Ingemar Stenmark (Sweden, his career 1973-1989) and Vreni Schneider (Switzerland, her career 1984-1995) are the record holder as the most World Cup titles in Slalom discipline. Stenmark won 8 times and Schneider won 6 times.

These are necessary items for the alpine skiing competitions.
In slalom (SL), 165 cm for men, 155 cm for ladies.
In giant slalom (GS), 195 cm for men, 188 cm for ladies.
In Super G (SG), 210 cm for men, 205 cm for ladies.
In Downhill (DH), 218 cm for men, 210 cm for ladies.

Tumors of the hematopoietic and lymphoid tissues

Blood cancer is a type of cancer or tumor. Blood cancer hurts the blood, bone marrow, lymph, and lymphatic system. Sometimes more than one body part is hurt.

The cause is usually different from other types of cancer. The way to find out if a person has this cancer is also different. 

People with blood cancers see a kind of doctor called a hematologist (blood doctor) or oncologist (cancer doctor). There are other blood problems that are not blood cancers. A blood doctor also helps people with those problems.

Tumors of the hematopoietic (blood cell forming) and lymphoid tissues are local growths. Hematopoietic and lymphoid "malignancies" are cancers that affect the blood, bone marrow, lymph, and lymphatic system. As the blood and lymph connect through both the circulatory system and the immune system, a disease affecting one will often affect the others as well.

There are three types: 

A doctor will do some tests to find out if a person has a blood cancer. One common test is a complete blood count. The cells that circulate in the bloodstream are generally divided into three types: white blood cells (leukocytes), red blood cells (erythrocytes), and platelets (thrombocytes). The relative proportions is what picks up indications of a problem.

Sometimes the doctor will take a very small piece of the body out, to look at it. This is called a "biopsy". Bone marrow is where new blood is made in the body. A bone marrow biopsy looks at the blood-making parts to see if they have cancer.

People with blood cancer often take drugs called chemotherapy or immunotherapy. If the blood cancer is in one place, they may have radiotherapy. A bone marrow transplant is a difficult way to kill blood cancers.

Thousands of people get blood cancers. Each year, 30,000 people in the United Kingdom (UK) learn that they have blood cancer.

Lymphomas are more common than leukemias.


Japanese calligraphy

Japanese Calligraphy started with introduction of Kanji from China.

After Buddhism was introduced into Japan, Calligraphy spread rapidly.

Emperors such as Shotokutaishi ("聖徳太子") and Shoumu ("聖武天皇")　wanted people to copy sutras by hand. Also, Japanese envoys to Tang Dynasty China took Chinese culture back to Japan. This affected the way of Japanese Calligraphy.

Picnic

A picnic is an event to eat outdoors, have a break, enjoy the warm sunshine, and have fun in a free time. It is usually held in a park or other open places. People bring the food for picnics in lunch boxes or in picnic baskets. Food for picnics is prepared on location such as by grilling, or at home. After the meal, people often play games and sports, for example, playing catch, badminton and Frisbee. As at other parties, some like to create their own original foods and games.A lakeside, park or other places with interesting view is perfect for a picnic. In picnic, we often get the freshness of the nature.

In the 12th century, a picnic was described in the Persian poetry of "The Rubaiyat":

In 1800, the Picnic Society in London was organized by people who met from time to time to dine together.

A famous painting of a picnic is "Le déjeuner sur l'herbe" ("The Luncheon on the Grass"). It was painted in 1862 by the French artist Édouard Manet. 


The Last Emperor

The Last Emperor is a biographical historical movie filmed and released in 1987.

The movie follows the life of Puyi, who was the last emperor of the Qing Dynasty and later the emperor of the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo.

This movie was a collaboration by Italy, China, and the United Kingdom. It was entirely filmed in China, most notably in the Forbidden City in Beijing, as well as in Dalian and in Changchun.

"The Last Emperor" received Golden Globe Awards.

The movie won nine Academy Awards, including Best Picture.


Kameoka, Kyoto

Kameoka city was built around a castle. It is in a rural area. 

The population of Kameoka city is about 90,000 people. 

Special products found in Kameoka include Botan nabe and Matsutake.


The Kameoka festival is held in the city from October 23rd to 25th every year. It is called the Gion Festival in Tamba, or Fall festival in Kameoka.

Soft tennis

Soft tennis is major sport in Japan. It is usually played by two players with rackets. It is similar to normal tennis, but the ball is soft.
Young and old of both sexes can enjoy playing soft tennis because the racket and ball are light.

Tennis came to Japan from England in about 1880's.

In Japan, people were not able to make good hard ball those days. Imported balls were expensive. Therefore Japanese people used a rubber ball.

Botan nabe

It has a lot of ingredients: boar meat, vegetables, root vegetables, mushrooms, konyaku, fu, and tofu.


Monster

A monster is a type of creature in fiction. They are usually found in legends or horror stories. They are often ugly and may make people and other creatures scared. They also eat people sometimes. A monster could be anything really, like a vampire or a witch or even a werewolf. Figuratively, a "monster" is a very evil person. Sometimes these creatures aren't bad or monsters as you would say because some protect other people and/or are inoffensive. 

Denmark Strait

The Denmark Strait or Greenland Strait is an oceanic strait between Greenland (to its northwest) and Iceland (to its southeast). The Norwegian island of Jan Mayen is northeast of the strait.

It connects the Greenland Sea, an extension of the Arctic Ocean, to the Irminger Sea, a part of the Atlantic Ocean. It is long and miles wide at its narrowest.

During World War II, the Battle of the Denmark Strait took place on 24 May 1941. 

It is the widest strait of the world found in the American continent. 

Hudson Strait

Hudson Strait links the Atlantic Ocean to Hudson Bay in Canada. It is between Baffin Island and the northern coast of Quebec. Its eastern entrance is Cape Chidley and Resolution Island. It is long. Its width varies from at its largest point, to a minimum of .

The strait was discovered by explorer Henry Hudson in the year 1609. It was long thought to be the fabled Northwest Passage.

Kara Strait

The Kara Strait or Kara Gates is a 56 km (35 mi) wide channel of water between the southern end of Novaya Zemlya and the northern tip of Vaygach Island. This strait connects the Kara Sea and the Barents Sea in northern Russia. 

The Kara Strait was an important waterway in the early exploration of the Northern Sea Route.

Variable antshrike

The variable antshrike ("Thamnophilus caerulescens") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family found most in South America. It is (as its name) arguably the species of antbird with the most variable plumage. This leads to claims that it includes more than one species, but evidence suggests that this is incorrect.

The Variable Antshrike is about long.

The Variable Antshrike is found mostly in eastern and southern Brazil. It is also seen in Pernambuco and Alagoas. From southern Brazil, its range spreads through Uruguay, Paraguay, northern Argentina, Bolivia, and along the eastern slope of the Andes in Peru, as far north as the Amazonas Region.

It has many habitats, but most of it is found in foothills in north-eastern Brazil, and does not live in lands higher than 2600 meters (8500 ft).

Horned lizard

The Horned lizards ("Phrynosoma") are a genus of lizard wlives in dry areas and deserts of North America. The female horned lizard lays her eggs in a hole in the ground.

The horned lizard eats mostly ants or other crawling insects.

The horned lizard has strong armor to protect it from its enemies. It has pointed scales, as well as horns behind its head.

White-backed vulture

The White-backed Vulture is a bird of the family Accipitridae which also includes eagles and hawks. They live in the African grasslands. They eat the leftovers of big cats. After their meal, they clean their feathers well so that they are always in good flying condition.

Checker-throated stipplethroat

The checker-throated antwren ("Epinecrophylla fulviventris"), also known as the fulvous-bellied antwren or checker-throated stipplethroat, is a small passerine bird in the antbird family. As its name, the males have throats with a black and white "checkered" pattern. The Checker-throated Antwren is the only member of the genus that lives in the west of the Andes. The species is found from Honduras south to northern Colombia and to western Ecuador.

White-flanked antwren

The white-flanked antwren ("Myrmotherula axillaris") is a passerine bird in the antbird family. It is the only antwren with white flank patches. Vieillot named the species in 1817. Because it has a large range, it does not reach the status of vulnerable.


Black-hooded antshrike

The black-hooded antshrike ("Thamnophilus bridgesi") is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.
It is found in Costa Rica and Panama. As its name, males are mostly black, with three rows of well-marked white spots on the wings. However, females are usually brown, and only its tail is black. 


3D (album)

3D is the final studio album by American girl group TLC. It was released on November 12, 2002 by Arista Records. This was six months after Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes died. The album debuted at number six on the "Billboard" 200 chart. 143,000 copies of "3D" were sold in the first week of release. It was then certified Platinum by the RIAA for shipping 1,000,000 copies in the United States. The album was given two Grammy Awards nominations.

List of number-one Billboard Latin Albums from the 2010s

The Top Latin Albums chart is a weekly music chart. It is published by "Billboard" magazine. It lists the top 50 albums released (primarily) by Hispanics in the United States. 

 – Best-selling Latin album of the year


Alejandro Fernández

Alejandro Fernández () (born April 24, 1971) is a Mexican singer. He was nicknamed "El Potrillo" (The Colt) by the media and fans. He has sold over 30 million albums worldwide. Alejandro is the son of ranchera singer Vicente Fernández. Alejandro sings Mexican folk music. These include mariachi and ranchera music.

Alejandro Fernández has performed with artists such as Plácido Domingo, Marc Anthony, José Carreras, Chayanne, Amaia Montero, Joan Sebastian, Gloria Estefan, Malú, Julio Iglesias, Patricia Kaas, Miguel Bosé, Mario Frangoulis, Ednita Nazario, Yuri, Franco De Vita, Diego El Cigala, Nelly Furtado and Beyoncé Knowles.



Banda Los Recoditos

Banda Los Recoditos is a Mexican band. The members of the group formed the band in Mazatlán, Sinaloa, Mexico. 

In 1989, Banda Los Recoditos wad formed by a group of students. The band's name came from Banda el Recodo. This was because they were children of the band members from Banda el Recodo, a Mexican band formed by Cruz Lizárraga. Lizárraga invited the boys to perform at a birthday party for José Ángel Espinoza Ferrusquilla, a family friend. After they were done singing, everyone was amazed at their talents. This helped them realize their love for music.

They started out by singing in celebrations in Mazatlan and other neighborhoods close by. They began to become popular among the people in the city. The band recorded their first album "A Bailar de Cabllito". This album helped the band to tour in the United States, where they were asked to play. After the released, Pancho Barraza, and Alfonso Lizárraga joined Banda el Recodo.

In 1998, the band renamed their name to "Banda Vuelta De Rio". Alfonso Lopez had wanted to change the name. They recorded three independent albums. In 2001, they changed their band's name to "Banda Los RCS" (Banda Ritmo Con Sabor Sinaloense). However, in 2004, they changed their band name again to their original band name.

Carlos Perez, Luis Angel Franco, and Carlos Sarabia joined the band in 2004. They began recording Regional Mexican music. This was popularized by young Mexicans. In 2005, was given an award "Popular Breakthrough of the Year" at the Premios Oye!. This was for their third album "Si No Existieras". In 2006, the band recorded an album with their parent's group Banda el Recodo called "Dos Generaciones". In 2010, the band released "¡Ando Bien Pedo!" their first major album. It reached to number one on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart. The single, which is the same name, reached number one on the Hot Latin Tracks chart as well. On September 19, 2010, Luis Angel Franco announced that the band is working on a new album. They released it in 2011 under the title "A Toda Madre".



Genchū

Genchū (元中) was a Japanese era name (年号, "nengō", lit. year name) of the Southern Court during the Nanboku-chō period after "Kōwa". This was the last Southern Court era. This period started in April 1384 and ended in October 1392. During this time, the monarch in Yoshino until 1392 was .. Until 1392, the pretender in Kyoto was After 1392, Go-Komatsu was the 100th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. 





Chayanne

Elmer Figueroa Arce (born June 28, 1968 ) is a Puerto Rican Latin pop singer. He is best known by his stage name Chayanne. He has released 21 studio albums. He has also sold over 30 million albums worldwide. Figueroa's nickname "Chayanne" was given to him by his mother. This was because he liked the 1960s television series "Cheyenne". In the 1970s, Chayanne tried out for Menudo. The producers told him that he was too young to be in the group. Because of this, he joined another group called Los Chicos (the guys). They recorded several hit singles. These include "Puerto Rico Son Los Chicos" and "Ave Maria", which would later be recorded by Beyoncé Knowles. After the group separated in 1984, Chayanne started his solo career. 

Chayanne signed with RCA Ariola. He released his first album "Chayanne es mi Nombre" (1984). His second album with RCA, "Sangre Latina" was released in April 1986. On May 5, 1987, Chayanne switched to Sony Music Latin. His self-titled album was released in that same year. The album features "Peligro de Amor" and "Fiesta en América" which ranked on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks charts. On November 1, 1988, Chayanne released another self-titled album. After its release, Pepsi wanted him to be their spokesperson. On August 7, 1990, his album "Tiempo de Vals" was given a Grammy Award nomination. Chayanne has also been in several TV programs since 1984. 




Marc Anthony

Marco Antonio Muñiz (born September 16, 1968), is an American singer-songwriter, actor, and producer. He is better known by his stage name Marc Anthony. Anthony is the top selling tropical salsa artist of all time. He has won two Grammy Awards and three Latin Grammy awards. He has also sold over 12 million copies worldwide. He is known for his Latin salsa songs and ballads. 

Anthony has won many awards. He won the 2009 Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute (CHCI) Chair's Award. and its CHCI Chair's Lifetime Achievement Award. Marc Anthony holds the record for having the most number one singles on the "Billboard" Tropical Songs chart. Marc Anthony is also the owner of the Miami Dolphins NFL team. 

Anthony worked with ex-wife Jennifer Lopez and director-choreographer Jamie King in late 2011 on a Latino talent series created by Simon Fuller, called "Q'Viva! The Chosen". It follows Lopez and Anthony as they travel across 21 countries to find new talent.

He is a philanthropist. He has won awards for his charitable work. He raises funds for orphanages in Latin America and for brain cancer.

In 1994, Anthony's ex-girlfriend Debbie, a NYC police officer, gave birth to their daughter Ariana.

Marc married former Miss Universe Dayanara Torres on May 9, 2000. They have two sons. The marriage ended in October 2003.

Anthony married Nuyorican actress and singer Jennifer Lopez on June 5, 2004. This was less than a week after his divorce. They had twins in 2008. Anthony filed for divorce on April 9, 2012.

On January 28, 2023, Anthony married Miss Universe Paraguay Nadia Ferreira.

He was raised Roman Catholic. Anthony is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election.



Romeo Santos

Anthony "Romeo" Santos (born July 21, 1981) is an American singer. Romeo was the lead singer of the bachata group Aventura. As part of Aventura, Romeo became an important figure for making Bachata music popular. His songs were on the top of the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks charts and the top of music charts in Europe. In 2002, the band's song "Obsesión" was at number one in Italy for 16 weeks. 

Romeo was born in The Bronx, New York. His father is Dominican while his mother is Puerto Rican. When he was 12 years old, Romeo was a member of the church choir. On May 9, 2011, Romeo released his lead single "You" from his first album. The song debuted at number one on the Hot Latin Tracks and Tropical Songs chart. The second single, "Promise" a duet with Usher, reached number one on both charts as well.



Songs in A Minor

Songs in A Minor is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Alicia Keys. It was released on June 5, 2001 by J Records. Alicia Keys was signed with Colombia Records after she graduated high school. She recorded an album in 1998. Colombia Records did not like the album and did not release it. The contract with Colombia Records ended. This was because of a dispute with the label. Alicia Keys then signed a contract with Clive Davis. Keys is a classically-trained pianist. She used her pianist talents to produce and arrange her music. The album was named "Songs in A Minor". However, only one song "Jane Doe" is in the key of A minor.

When the album was released, it was given positive reviews from music critics. Most of the reviews praised Keys mix of old school jazz and contemporary R&B and soul music. Keys was compared to artists such as Aretha Franklin, Stevie Wonder, Billie Holiday, Prince and Lauryn Hill. The album was given a lot awards. These include five Grammy Awards. "Songs in A Minor" debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 236,000 copies the first week. It has sold 6.2 million copies in the United States and 12,000,000 copies worldwide. "Rolling Stone" magazine named "Songs in A Minor" the second best album of 2001. However, they list it at number 95 on its list of the best albums of the 2000s decade.


The 20th Anniversary Edition was released on June 4, 2021 to celebrate the 20-year anniversary of the release of "Songs in A Minor". The album includes four bonus tracks including the previously unreleased "Foolish Heart" and "Crazy (Mi Corazon)".



Global dimming

Global dimming is the slow decrease in the irradiance at the Earth's surface. Irradiance is the power of electromagnetic radiation per unit area. One of the possible causes of global dimming is pollution. It affects the water cycle by decreasing evaporation and by decreasing the rain in some areas. Global dimming also causes the earth to cool down. This cooling effect may cover the effect of greenhouse gases caused by global warming.

Air pollutants absorb solar energy and reflect sunlight back into space. The pollutants can also become the core for cloud droplets. Water droplets in clouds fuse around the pollutants. More pollutants create clouds with more number of smaller droplets. The smaller droplets make clouds to reflect more light. This causes more sunlight to be reflected back into space and less light reaches the Earth's surface.

Clouds stop the heat from both going in and out from the earth. This process is complex and it changes according to the time, location and the height above the sea level. During the day, more sunlight stops from going in. This cools down the Earth. During the night, the heat in earth stops from going out. This slows down the heat from going out the earth.

Volcanic ash can also stops the sunlight from going in and out from the earth. Decreases in the earth's temperatures are observed after large volcanic eruptions. Some examples are the eruptions of Mount Agung in Bali that erupted in 1963, El Chichon (Mexico, 1983), Ruiz (Colombia, 1985), and Mount Pinatubo (Philippines, 1991). Even for large eruptions, the ash clouds do not stay for a long time.

Global dimming is harming the water cycle of the earth. It reduces the rain, which is very important for the fresh water. In 2001, researchers did a study at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. The research suggested that the pollutants have a bad effect on the water cycle. Another global dimming event happened in 2006 in northern hemisphere during hurricane season. The NASA study found that the big dust storms happened in Sahara Desert during June and July cause the dust to go over the Atlantic Ocean. The dust forms a cover over the ocean and causes it to cool down. This reduces the hurricanes' development.

Barefoot in the Park (movie)

Barefoot in the Park is a 1967 American romance comedy movie. It was directed by Gene Saks, produced by Hal B. Wallis and written by Neil Simon. It is based on Simon's 1963 play Barefoot in the Park. It is set in Greenwich Village, Manhattan, New York City. It stars Robert Redford and Jane Fonda as newlywed couple Paul and Corie Bratter. Paul is a conservative attorney and Corie is free-spirited.

San Cristóbal

San Cristóbal is the Spanish name of Saint Christopher. It is a common geographical name. It could refer to any of the following:


Interior design

Interior design tries to make interior spaces better to live and work in. It uses principles of design and organization of interior spaces, color and furnishings. 
The goal of interior design is to create an environment for living that is functional, efficient and aesthetically pleasing for the occupants. Before starting any old house renovation or construction of a new building, ensure proper planning for that. Plan and select a budget for renovation first. Then depending on your budget, choose some designs. After selecting some designs, discuss with an expert. These steps are crucial for you and the expert as well. When the interior designer will know your planned budget for renovation, they will also prepare the steps as per your budget and requirement.
Interior design is universal among people of all breeds and plants, even aliens can be interior designers. All known human settlements have shown this. Ancient Egypt is one example. Painting interior walls have existed for at least 5,000 years, with examples found as far north as the Ness of Brodgar, as have standardized interiors, as seen in the associated Skara Brae settlement.

Interior designers are people skilled at using the elements of design and organizing interior spaces in functional and aesthetic ways. They may offer advice on the layout of spaces, building and technical issues such as lighting, sound, and temperature control.

They must have professional knowledge of issues affecting the physical comfort, safety and convenience of an interior's occupants. Also they must be familiar with local building codes, government regulations and have drawing and presentation skills.

Important concepts in interior design include color selection, color palettes and how they affect the perception of space and mood, spatial organization, knowledge of fabrics, finishes, design styles and trends.

In order for interior designers to do a perfect job, they must follow the steps in the design process:

There are specific types of interior design and specializations. Some types of interior design are residential design, commercial design, hospitality design, healthcare design, universal design, exhibition design, and spatial branding.

The designer offers advice and tries to determine what their clients' needs are in their home life, their personality and style preferences, an interview process usually called the client brief. They may do a lifestyle questionnaire and room condition checklist.

Residential designers seek to make their clients' home more aesthetic, efficient and comfortable. They discuss any and all proposed changes with the client, show them decorating or remodeling plans, samples and examples of the proposed alterations for approval.

Commercial interior designers design public spaces such as office buildings, community centers, museums, hotels, stores, warehouses, and libraries. In commercial design the designer has to create an environment that includes function and aesthetics. A commercial interior designer's work includes selecting paint colors, choosing artwork, accounting for acoustics and lighting, picking appropriate furniture, and placing all these together in the manner most appropriate to the venue. Recently commercial interior designers have worked with indoor plants and agro-inventions such as the Grofie Greenwall, which allows firms to bring a tropical forest, vegetable or herb garden right into the office, in order to reconnect office workers with nature.

Hospitality designers design the places which have any relationship between guest and host such as hotels. This includes the reception and entertainment of guests, visitors or strangers, resorts, membership clubs, conventions, attractions, special events, and other services for travelers and tourists.

Healthcare design is related to hospitals and how to make a good space to make the patient and staff very comfortable. Healthcare designers compare the evidence-based design with evidence-based medicine; that knowledge can help ensures that future healthcare facilities are built to improve clinical outcomes. In addition, a deeper understanding of the relationship between the built environment and quality of care will help ensure that healthcare facilities are designed to meet the diverse needs of patients, families, and staff.

Universal design is the design for all people around the world and to creating environments and products those are usable by all people to the greatest extent possible.

There are many different types of exhibit, ranging from museum exhibitions to retail and trades show spaces, to themed attractions, zoos, and visitor centers. All types of exhibits aim to communicate a message through engaging their audiences in meaningful and compelling interactions. Use a wide range of technologies and techniques to develop experiences that will resonate with diverse audiences–enabling these targeted audiences to access the messages, stories, and objects of an exhibit.

Apart from designing an empty apartment or home, an interior designer is also responsible for space management that not only lets any individual walk properly but also gives them a functional home.




Joey Harrington

Joey Harrington (born October 21, 1978) is an American retired football player. He played as a quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons in the NFL. Harrington also played for the Detroit Lions and the Miami Dolphins.

Harrington was born in Portland, Oregon. 

Strait of Hormuz

The Strait of Hormuz is a narrow, strategically important strait between the Gulf of Oman in the southeast and the Persian Gulf. On the north coast is Iran and on the south coast is the United Arab Emirates and Musandam, an exclave of Oman.

The strait at its narrowest is wide. Around 20% of the world's oil passes through the strait.

Operation Praying Mantis was an attack on 18 April 1988 by the United States Armed Forces on Iranian boats in retaliation for the Iranian naval mining of international waters in the Persian Gulf during the Iran–Iraq War and the subsequent damage to an American warship.

On 3 July 1988, 290 people were killed when an Iran Air Airbus A300 passenger jet was shot down over the strait by the United States Navy guided missile cruiser USS "Vincennes".

On 8 January 2007, the nuclear submarine USS "Newport News", traveling submerged, hit M/V "Mogamigawa", a 300,000-ton Japanese-flagged very large crude tanker, south of the strait. There were no injuries, and no oil leaked from the tanker.

A series of naval stand-offs between Iranian speedboats and U.S. warships in the Strait of Hormuz occurred in December 2007 and January 2008. U.S. officials said Iran was harassing and provoking their naval vessels. Iranian officials said this was not true.

On 29 June 2008, the commander of Iran's Revolutionary Guard, Ali Mohammed Safari, said that if Iran were attacked by Israel or the United States, it would close off the Strait of Hormuz. This would be bad for the oil markets. The US said that such an action by Iran would be an act of war. The U.S. would not allow this.

In the last week of July 2008, in the Operation Brimstone, dozens of U.S. and foreign navy ships prepared for battle in the shallow waters off the coast of Iran.

As of 11 August 2008, more than 40 U.S. and allied ships were on the way to the Strait of Hormuz. There would be a total of five battle groups, not counting submarines.

On 20 March 2009, United States Navy Hartford collided with the New Orleans in the strait. The collision slightly injured 15 sailors aboard the Hartford. It opened a fuel tank aboard the New Orleans, spilling of marine diesel fuel.

On 27 December 2011, Iranian Vice President Mohammad-Reza Rahimi said Iran would stop oil supply from the Strait of Hormuz should Iran be limited in their oil exports.

On 3 January 2012, Iran threatened to take action if the U.S. Navy moves an aircraft carrier back into the Persian Gulf.

On 7 January 2012, the United Kingdom said that it would be sending the Type 45 destroyer to the Persian Gulf. "Daring", which is the lead ship of her class is said to be one of the "most advanced warships" in the world. The ship will have its first mission in the Persian Gulf. The British Government said that this move has been long-planned, as "Daring" will replace another Armilla patrol frigate.

On 9 January 2012, Iranian Defense Minister Ahmad Vahidi said that Iran would not close the Strait of Hormuz.

By 23 January, a flotilla was made by countries against Iran's threats to close the Hormuz Strait. These ships were in the Persian Gulf and Arabian Sea off the coast of Iran.

Alan Ball (screenwriter)

Alan Erwin Ball (born May 13, 1957) is an American writer, movie director and producer. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia and is openly gay.

Ball wrote "American Beauty", for which he won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award. He created, wrote and produced "Six Feet Under" (for which he won an Emmy Award) and "True Blood".

Randy Foye

Randy Foye (born September 24, 1983) is an American basketball player. He played for the Oklahoma City Thunder and Los Angeles Clippers. Foye was selected with the seventh overal pick in the NBA Draft 2006. In 2007, Foye was selected for the NBA All-Rookie First Team.


Korea Strait

The Korea Strait (, "Daehan Haehyeop"), also known as the Tsushima Strait, is a narrow body of water between Japan and South Korea. The name is used in two ways. It identifies the sea between Korea and Tsushima Island; and it is also used generally to describe the wider ocean area between Korea and the island of Kyushu.

The strait links the East China Sea and the Sea of Japan in the northwest Pacific Ocean. Tsushima Island is between the western channel (Korea Strait) and the eastern channel (Tsushima Strait).

The northern shore of the strait is the southern coast of the Korean peninsula. Depending on usage, the southern shores of the strait may mean the western coast of Tsushima or it may mean the western coasts of Kyūshū and Honshū.

The strait is about wide and averages about 90 to 100 meters (300 ft) deep.

The western channel is deeper (up to 227 meters) and narrower than the eastern channel.

A warm current ("Tsushima-kairyū") runs through the straight from south to north.


Makassar Strait

Makassar Strait is a strait between the islands of Borneo and Sulawesi in Indonesia. To the north it joins the Celebes Sea. To the south it meets the Java Sea. The Mahakam River of Borneo empties into the strait.

Ports along the strait include Balikpapan in Borneo, and Makassar and Palu in Sulawesi. The city of Samarinda is 48 km (30 mi) from the strait, along the Mahakam.

The strait is a common shipping route for ships too big to fit through the Straits of Malacca.

The Tale of the Heike

This conflict is also known in the Genpei War (1150-1185).

This long story has been translated into English at least five times, including

An abridged translation by Burton Watson was published in 2006.



Mozambique Channel

The Mozambique Channel is a part of the Indian Ocean. Its between the Somali Sea to the north, the island nation of Madagascar in the east, and Mozambique in the west. It was the place of the World War II Battle of Madagascar. The channel is about 460 km across at its narrowest point between Angoche, Mozambique, and Tambohorano, Madagascar. The channel reaches a depth of 3,292 m (10,800 feet) about 230 km off the coast of Mozambique. 




Strait of Otranto

The Strait of Otranto connects the Adriatic Sea with the Ionian Sea. It separates Italy from Albania. Its width at Punta Palascìa, east of Salento is less than . The strait is named after the Italian city of Otranto.

During World War I, the strait was of strategic importance. The Allied navies of Italy, France, and Great Britain kept the Austro-Hungarian Navy from freely entering the Mediterranean Sea.

In 1997 and 2004, nearly 100 people lost their lives trying to illegally cross the strait. This was following the 1997 unrest in Albania and poor economic conditions in the Tragedy of Otranto and the Karaburun tragedy.

In 2006, the Albanian government said that motor-powered sailing boats could not sail on all lakes, rivers, and seas of Albania. This was to prevent organized crime. Government owned boats, foreign owned boats, fishing boats, and jet boats are still allowed. In 2010, the rule was extended for 3 more years, until 2013.

Palk Strait

Palk Strait is a strait between the Tamil Nadu state of India and the Mannar district of the Northern Province of Sri Lanka. It connects the Bay of Bengal in the northeast with the Palk Bay and then with the Gulf of Mannar in the southwest. The strait is wide. Several rivers flow into it, including the Vaigai River of Tamil Nadu. The strait is named after Robert Palk. He was a governor of Madras Presidency (1755-1763) during the Company Raj period.

On the southern end of the strait is a chain of low islands and reef shoals. These are called Adam's Bridge. This chain goes between Dhanushkodi on Pamban Island and Mannar Island in Sri Lanka. 

The shallow waters and reefs of the strait make it difficult for large ships to pass through.

Sinergia

Sinergia is a experimental music band, formed in 1994 in Santiago, Chile. The band released five studio albums, one DVD, thirteen music videos, two extended plays and one demo. The Sinergia's music experiments alternative rock, avant garde metal, funk rock, funk metal, ska, alternative metal, progressive rock, electronic rock, nu metal, and also punk rock, rockabilly and folk rock in their music.







Byron, Georgia

Byron is a city in Peach County, Georgia, United States. A small part of the city goes into Houston County. The population was 5,702 at the 2020 census. 

Byron is home to the Middle Georgia Raceway. The racetrack was host to the Atlanta International Pop Festival in 1970. The festival was the largest gathering in Georgia history until the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta.

Byron is 90 miles south of Atlanta, 16 miles south of Macon and 10 miles from the Peach County seat of Fort Valley.

Peep Show (TV series)

Peep Show is a British television sitcom starring David Mitchell and Robert Webb. It ran from 19 September 2003 to 16 December 2015. It was created by Andrew O'Connor, Jesse Armstrong and Sam Bain. It was written by Armstrong, Bain and Simon Blackwell. Mitchell won a BAFTA Award for his role.

Mitchell plays Mark Corrigan, Webb plays Jeremy Usborne. They are two young men who share a flat in Croydon, London. They are friends despite being very different to each other. Much of the show's humour is about the difference between the two central characters.

Mark is conservative, studious, intelligent, hard-working, frugal, socially awkward and loves history. He is a loan manager for the first five series.

Jeremy is unemployed, irresponsible, dishonest, lazy, promiscuous bisexual and hedonistic. From series 1 - 7 he attempts to become a professional musician. In series 8 and 9 he is a life coach.

Porsche Club Hohensyburg

The Porsche Club Hohensyburg is an organization of Porsche enthusiasts in Germany.

Is the first fan-club of cars Porsche. It was founded on May 26, 1952 in Westphalia.

Chinoiserie

Chinoiserie refers to elements in European art that are influenced by Chinese arts. Some of the most prominent examples of Chinoiserie can be found in royal palaces in Europe, such as the Drottningholm Palace in Sweden and Tsarskoye Selo in Russia.


Chloroacetic acid

Chloroacetic acid is an organochloride which results from replacing one hydrogen atom of acetic acid with one chlorine atom. Chloroacetic acid is used in industrial chemical processes, for example in the production of dyes. It was used as poison gas in the First World War, as a so-called Yellow Cross agent. It is still used to treat warts today. Chloroacetic acid is a very strong acid that causes immediate damage to the skin. Exposing between 5% and 10% of the skin to a solution of 80% chloroacetic acid will lead to death.

Chloroacetic acid,industrially also known as Monochloroacetic acid (MCA or MCAA) is a white or pale yellow crystal chemical with irritant smell mainly used in manufacturing a variety of products including herbicides, pharmaceuticals, anesthetics, tranquilizers and amphoteric surfactants as one of the fine chemical intermediates.

Wester Ross

Wester Ross is part of the Scottish county of Ross and Cromarty. It is in the northwest highlands. It has some of the most spectacular scenery in Great Britain, and is a tourist attraction.

Wester Ross is geographically the western watershed of Ross-shire. Administrative and political boundaries have been changed a number of times.

The mountains are made of a very old Precambrian rock known as the Torridonian sandstone formation. It was laid down in the Mesoproterozoic and Neoproterozoic eras. It is just a small part of what was once a huge supercontinent. The remains of this are in parts of Scandinavia and North America. These rocks are of Archaean and Paleoproterozoic age, ranging from 3.0–1.7 billion years (Ga) ago. 


Desertion

Desertion is a military word which means a soldier has left his position without permission. The soldier does not plan on returning. The term Absence Without Leave (AWOL) can also be used, but is usually used where the soldier does intend to return. Usually a soldier who has been AWOL for more than 30 days is listed as a deserter. Deserting is treated as a serious offense; military law usually provides for the death penalty. The last United States soldier executed for desertion was Eddie Slovik in 1945. No U.S. soldier has been given more than 18 months in prison for desertion during the Iraq War.


New Revised Standard Version

The New Revised Standard Version (NRSV) is an English translation of the Holy Bible. It was released in 1989 in the United States. It is a revision of the Revised Standard Version. It is a formal translation and its editors tried to make it accurate. There are several editions of the NRSV. These include editions with the Apocrypha, Catholic editions, and Anglicized editions which use British spelling and grammar.

Torridonian

The Torridonian is a sedimentary sandstone which sits on top of the earliest rocks in Scotland. The map shows the sandstone as orange: it is on the western edge of the mainland, and on part of Skye. Geographically, this is part of the district of Wester Ross.

The sandstone is the earliest sedimentary rock in this part of the world. Under it lies much older gneiss known as the Lewisian complex. All the rock under the sandstone is igneous and metamorphosed igneous rock. 

The sandstones are red beds laid down by rivers and lakes in a landscape of low rocky hills. A great thickness of red sandstone, brought in by rivers, buried the old hills. This took place in the Proterozoic, 1,200 to 544 million years ago (mya). There are older and younger sandstone groups, with a long period between them. The lower sandstone is a breccia, with broken fragments of earlier rocks.

As a result of later periods of rifting and mountain-building, some of the Torridian sandstone lies under the sea, and some of it is uplifted into mountains.

Henry Hill

Henry John Hill Jr (June 11, 1943 - June 12, 2012) was an American mafioso. He was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York City. His mother was Sicilian and his father was Irish. Hill was a member of the Mafia from 1955 until he went into the Witness Protection Program in 1980. He later left the Program. He was a violent robber, extortionist and drug dealer. He was a compulsive gambler and drug addict who served prison sentences. He married Karen (née Friedman) in 1965. The couple had a son and daughter and divorced in 2002. Hill died in hospital in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack, aged 69. Hill's children survive him.

Hill's life was the basis of Nicholas Pileggi's book Wiseguy. This was later used as the basis for movie "Goodfellas", in which Ray Liotta played Hill.

Zheng Zhihua

Zheng Zhihua (, born 14 November 1961 in Taipei) is a Taiwanese singer. His songs were very popular in both mainland China and Taiwan during 1990s. His most famous song are "Sailor" () and "Star Lighting" ().

Knife Party

Knife Party is an Australian electronic dance music duo. Their first EP was "100 % No Modern Talking", which was released on December 12, 2011 through Beatport. Knife Party was founded by Rob Swire and Gareth McGrillen from the band Pendulum. On May 28, 2012, Knife Party's second EP, "Rage Valley" was released. Their single "Antidote" (Swedish House Mafia vs. Knife Party) was their most successful release so far. It debuted at Number 4 in the UK Singles chart.





Azuchi, Shiga

The town is known for the ruins of Azuchi Castle. The castle was built by Oda Nobunaga in the 16th century. The castle was destroyed after Nobunaga's death by Akechi Mitsuhide in 1582; and only ruins remain. 

On March 21, 2010, Azuchi merged with the city of Ōmihachiman.



Ray Liotta

Raymond Allen Liotta (December 18, 1954 – May 26, 2022) was an American actor and movie producer. He was born and raised in Newark, New Jersey. He was adopted when he was six months old. His movie roles include: Ray Sinclair in "Something Wild", Shoeless Joe Jackson in "Field of Dreams", Henry Hill in "Goodfellas", Officer Pete Davis in "Unlawful Entry" and Detective Lieutenant Henry Oak in "Narc". He won an Emmy Award for his role in "ER". He is best known for playing villains and tough guys. He has also played sympathetic characters.

One of Liotta's earliest roles was as Joey Perrini on the soap opera "Another World". He appeared on the show from 1978 to 1981. In his first movie his character sexually assaulted Pia Zadora's character with a garden hose in the cult classic "The Lonely Lady". In 1987, he earned his first Golden Globe nomination for "Something Wild". In 1989, he costarred, along with Kevin Costner, in the fantasy/drama movie, "Field of Dreams". Liotta was Shoeless Joe Jackson, the ghost of the famed baseball player. In 1990, Liotta was real-life mobster Henry Hill in Martin Scorsese's movie "Goodfellas". In 1992, he costarred, along with Kurt Russell and Madeleine Stowe, in the thriller "Unlawful Entry" as a psychopathic cop. He also had a leading role in Sci-Fi/Action movie "No Escape". Liotta earned more praise for James Mangold's movie "Cop Land", starring alongside Sylvester Stallone, Robert De Niro and Harvey Keitel. In 1998, he received praise the crime movie "Phoenix".

In addition to his movie roles, Liotta was singer Frank Sinatra in the 1998 TV movie "The Rat Pack". He received a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for this role. He provided the voice of Tommy Vercetti for the 2002 video game "". He received an Independent Spirit Award nomination and a Phoenix Film Critics Society Awards nomination for Best Supporting Male for the movie "Narc". He then reunited with director James Mangold in 2003 alongside John Cusack and Alfred Molina in the dark horror-thriller "Identity". He also narrated "Inside the Mafia" for the National Geographic Channel in 2005. He appeared with John Travolta in the movie "Wild Hogs" and with Johnny Depp in the 2001 movie "Blow".

In 2011, he starred in The Son of No One, opposite Channing Tatum and Al Pacino. Liotta's recent movies include "Date Night" with Steve Carell, "Charlie St. Cloud" with Zac Efron, the independent drama "Snowmen", and "The River Sorrow", which stars Liotta as a detective alongside Christian Slater and Ving Rhames.

Liotta married actress Michelle Grace in February 1997. Their daughter, Karsen, was born in December 1998. The couple divorced in 2004. Liotta lived in Pacific Palisades, California.

Liotta died on May 26, 2022 while filming a movie in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic at the age of 67. The cause of death was heart failure and pulmonary edema.

Meiji Shrine

After the emperor's death in 1912, the Diet of Japan voted to commemorate his role in the Meiji Restoration.

Work began on the shrine in 1915. It was formally dedicated in 1920; and it was completed in 1921.

The grounds of the shrine were finished by 1926. Trees in the park were donated by people from all parts of Japan.

Until 1946, the Meiji Shrine was in the .


Margaret Sanger

Margaret Sanger (September 14, 1883 – September 6, 1966) was a famous birth control rights activist. She established the American Birth Control League in 1921. This eventually became what we now know as Planned Parenthood in 1946. She helped finance biologist Gregory Pincus's creation of the birth control pill. Mrs. Sanger has been credited as the first person to use the term “birth control”. Birth control is used to describe contraception, or ways of preventing unwanted pregnancy. She paved the way for contraception to become a widely accepted social practice at a time when spreading information about birth control was prohibited by law. 

She studied to become a nurse at Claverack College in the early 1900s. At this time a woman’s place was seen as in the home raising children. She defied this idea and chose to pursue one of the only career paths available to her. Her career in medicine exposed her to many women who went to desperate lengths to end their pregnancies. For many of these women, this was the cause of their deaths. Mrs. Sanger saw this misery and decided to dedicate her life to freeing women from what she viewed as a life of sexual enslavement. Her passion drew her to start the very first abortion clinic in the United States in 1916. This clinic was raided and closed by the police after a few weeks. Fortunately, the clinic had already served over 450 clients. Thanks to her activism, the Comstock laws were changed in 1936. These laws had previously made sharing information about many topics, including contraception, illegal. This change allowed for more freedom of information surrounding birth control. She also pushed the American Medical Association to legitimize birth control as a valid medical practice in 1937. She was known for using public protest and strong visuals to draw attention to her cause. In addition to demonstrations she relied heavily on her magazine, Woman Rebel, to spread the word about her fight. 

As a rebel, feminist, and socialist, she spent the vast majority of her professional life fighting for what she saw as a basic human right: family planning.

Leaves of Grass

Leaves of Grass is a collection of poetry by American writer Walt Whitman (18191892). The collection was first printed on July 4, 1855 in Brooklyn at a Fulton Street printing shop. About 800 copies were printed. The book was 95 pages long and had 12 poems. Whitman paid for this first printing. The book did not sell well.

Whitman added material to "Leaves of Grass" and revised the book many times during his life. The most famous poems in the book are "Song of Myself", "I Sing the Body Electric", "Out of the Cradle Endlessly Rocking", and "When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloom'd". The collection praised the human body, the material world, nature, and the experience of the senses at a time when poetry focused on religious experience and the life of the spirit.




Calamus

"Calamus" is a group of poems in Walt Whitman's "Leaves of Grass". They are about gay love or, in Whitman-speak, "the manly love of comrades". The Calamus poems have their seeds in a group of poems called "Live Oak with Moss". Whitman wrote these poems before or in the spring of 1859. They were printed with other poems in the 1860 third edition of "Leaves of Grass" to form a group of 45 poems about gay love. The "Live Oak" poems seem to be about relations between the Whitman and a male lover. Whitman sees the love of comrades as the backbone of all nations, the root of religious sentiments, the source of personal anguish and joy, and the answer to the big questions of life. The Calamus ("Acorus calamus", or Sweet Flag) root is shaped like a phallus and has connections with a mythological story about gay lovers.


Mount Isa

Mount Isa is a city in the north west region of Queensland, Australia. In June 2006 there 18,857 people living in the city. and 31,000 in the region. Mount Isa began in the 1920s as a mining town. Mount Isa Mines (MIM) is one of the most productive mines in the world, producing lead, silver, copper, and zinc.

Khonsu

Khonsu is the god of the moon, moonlight, and time in Egyptian mythology. In the beginning of the gods, he gambled time with the sky goddess Nut. The goddess Nut won so many times that she could then add five days to the calendar. These days were called the "devil days". Khonsu's father is Amun, and his mother is Mut. 

Copycat (movie)

Copycat is a 1995 American psychological thriller movie. It was directed by Jon Amiel, produced by Arnon Milchan and Mark Tarlov and written by Ann Biderman and David Madsen.

It is set in San Francisco, California. It stars Sigourney Weaver as criminal psychologist Dr. Helen Hudson and Holly Hunter as police detective M.J. Monahan. Dermot Mulroney plays her work partner, detective Reuben Goetz. Harry Connick, Jr. plays Daryll Lee Cullum and William McNamara plays Peter Foley. Cullum is imprisoned early in the movie for murder and for attacking Hudson. As a result of the attack, she has agoraphobia and posttraumatic stress disorder. Foley is a serial killer who is committing murders in the ways that they were done by notorious serial killers.

The Piano

The Piano is an award-winning 1993 romantic drama movie which stars Holly Hunter and Harvey Keitel. This drama is about a mute pianist and her daughter in 19th century New Zealand. The score for the piano by Michael Nyman became a bestselling soundtrack album.

"The Piano" was a commercial and critical success, grossing more than $40 million, against its $7 million budget. At the 66th Academy Awards, "The Piano" won three awards: Best Actress for Hunter, Best Supporting Actress for Paquin, and Best Original Screenplay. Paquin, who at the time was 11 years old, is the second youngest Oscar winner ever. The film won the Palme d'Or and a Best Performance Prize for Holly Hunter at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.

The Firm (1993 movie)

The Firm is a 1993 American legal thriller movie. It stars Tom Cruise and Holly Hunter and was directed by Sydney Pollack. The thriller is based on a novel of the same name by author John Grisham.


Critical reaction to "The Firm" was mostly positive. The movie got a 76% rating at Rotten Tomatoes.

Hash table

A hash table is a type of tool for storing information. In computer science, these tools for keeping track of information, or data, are called data structures.
A hash table is a data structure that uses a hash function to keep track of where data is put. 
Each piece of information to be stored has a name, which is called a key. For example, a key might be a person's name. Each name is matched up to one piece of data called a value, like the person's telephone number. 

The data is kept in another data structure called an array, which is like many boxes, or buckets, in a column to hold data. Each box has a number starting from 0 and counting up. 

The idea behind a hash table is to figure out which box to put data by using only its name. This means, no matter how many boxes are filled up, you can always find information quickly if you have its name. The hash table uses a hash function to figure out which number to put data in from its name. The hash function reads a name and gives back a number. 

A good Hash Table will always find information at the same speed, no matter how much data is put in. A lot of Hash Tables also let the user put key/value pairs (a name and its data) in and take them out at the same speed.

Because of this, Hash Tables can often find information faster than other tools, such as search trees or other table lookup structure. As a result, they are used in many kinds of computer software. They are used most for associative arrays, databases, caches, and sets.

Andy Griffith

Andy Samuel Griffith (June 1, 1926  – July 3, 2012) was an American actor, comedian, television producer, singer and writer. He starred in the 1957 movie "A Face in the Crowd". He also starred in the 1958 movie "No Time for Sergeants". His television series are "The Andy Griffith Show" and "Matlock".

Griffith was born on June 1, 1926 in Mount Airy, North Carolina, the only child of Carl Lee Griffith and his wife, Geneva (née Nunn). He studied at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He was the father of two children. He was married three times.

Griffith once sued a man named William Fenrick after Fenrick legally changed his name to "Andy Griffith" because Fenrick ran for town sheriff. The use of his name angered Griffith, but soon afterwards the lawsuit was dropped. Fenrick lost the election.

In 1986, Griffith suffered from Guillain–Barré syndrome and could not walk for 7 months. Griffith received the Presidential Medal of Freedom on November 9, 2005. Griffith died on July 3, 2012 of a heart attack in Manteo, North Carolina, aged 86.




Honeyeater

A honeyeater is one of a large family of small to medium-sized birds which feed on nectar. They are most common in Australia and New Guinea, but are also found in New Zealand, the Pacific islands as far east as Samoa and Tonga, and the islands to the north and west of New Guinea. Bali, on the other side of the Wallace Line, has a single species.

Honeyeaters and the Australian chats (Epthianura) make up the family Meliphagidae. In total there are 182 species in 42 genera. About half of them live in Australia, and many of the others are from New Guinea. Although honeyeaters look and behave much like other nectar-feeding birds around the world (such as the sunbirds and flowerpeckers), they are not related.

There is an important partnership between honeyeaters and Australian flowering plants. A great many Australian plants are fertilised by honeyeaters, particularly the Proteaceae, Myrtaceae, and Epacridaceae. It is known that the honeyeaters are important in New Zealand as well, and scientists believe they are just as important in other areas.

Unlike the hummingbirds of America, honeyeaters do not usually hover (beat their wings fast to stay in the same air space). However, smaller members of the family do hover hummingbird-style to collect nectar from time to time. Usually honeyeaters move quickly from perch to perch in the outer leaves, stretching up or sideways or hanging upside. Many honeyeaters have a highly developed brush-tipped tongue, covered with bristles which soak up liquids readily. The tongue is flicked rapidly and repeatedly into a flower, the upper mandible then squeezes liquid out when the bill is closed.

As well as nectar, all or nearly all honeyeaters take insects and other small creatures, usually by catching them in the air, sometimes by picking them off plants. A few of the larger species, such as the white-eared honeyeater, and the strong-billed honeyeater of Tasmania, search under bark for insects. Many species also eat fruit, and a small number eat large amounts of fruit, particularly in tropical rainforests and in semi-arid scrubland. The painted honeyeater is a mistletoe specialist. Most, however, live on a diet of nectar and insects. In general, the honeyeaters with long, fine bills eat more nectar, the shorter-billed species less so, but even specialised nectar eaters like the spinebills take extra insects to add protein to their diet when they are breeding.

The movements of honeyeaters are poorly understood. Many follow the flowering of favourite food plants. Arid zone species appear to travel further and less predictably than those of the more fertile areas. It seems probable that no single explanation will emerge: the general rule for honeyeater movements is that there is no general rule.



S.F.W.

S.F.W. is a 1994 American thriller film based on Andrew Wellman's novel. It stars Reese Witherspoon, Stephen Dorff and Amber Benson.

Damage (1992 movie)

Damage is a 1992 British-French erotic drama movie. It was directed by Louis Malle. It is based on the novel "Damage" by Josephine Hart. It stars Jeremy Irons and Juliette Binoche. "Damage" was originally rated NC-17, though it was edited to have an R rating. It is about a middle-aged, married politician who has an affair with his son's girlfriend.

Miranda Richardson was nominated for an Academy Award and won a BAFTA in the category of Best Supporting Actress.

Human microbiome

The human microbiome (or human microbiota) is the collection of microorganisms which live on us. They live on the skin, in the saliva and mouth, in the eyes, and in the gut and the rest of the gastrointestinal tract. They include bacteria, archaea, fungi and single-celled eukaryotes ('protozoa'). Everyone carries around far more of these microbes than the number of human cells in the body. The human body has about 100 trillion cells, and carries about ten times as many microorganisms "in the intestines alone".

The microbiome is "the ecological community of commensal, symbiotic, and pathogenic microorganisms that literally share our body space". The term was originally coined by Joshua Lederberg. He thought the microorganisms living in the human body in health and disease were important. Many scientific articles distinguish "microbiome" and "microbiota" to describe either the collective genomes of the microorganisms that live in an environmental niche or the microorganisms themselves, respectively. However, by the original definitions these terms are largely synonymous. 

Some of these organisms are useful for humans. However, most have no known effect. They are just symbionts: they live with us. Those which are expected to be present are members of the "normal flora". Under normal circumstances they do not cause disease, but may even help our health. Studies in 2009 asked whether our health is damaged if we reduce this biota. This is certainly the case with gut flora.
Although "flora" refers to plants rather than bacteria, the term 'gut flora' is widely used and familiar to biologists. 'Biota' refers to the total collection of organisms in an ecosystem. The term 'microbiota' is best for bacteria and other microorganisms, but no doubt 'flora' will often be used. 

The microbes being discussed are generally non-pathogenic (do not cause disease unless they grow abnormally); they exist in harmony and symbiotically with their hosts.

Researchers have learned that much of the population of microbes found in the human body are not bacteria but a very old class of single-celled organisms called archaea. They include methanogens which produce methane and may cause flatulence.


Salafi

Salafism is a Sunni Islamic movement originating in Arabia. A Salafist is a Muslim who thinks Islam should be practiced the way the first few generations of Muslims did. 
The term is also used to talk about certain teachings of Sunni Islam that are based on "conservative" ideals.

The origin of the movement is in the 19th century. Muhammad Abduh (18491905) was an Islamic scholar who thought that the values of Islam were compatible with a modern lifestyle. He is often called a Salafi. Another scholar, Ibn Taimiya (1263–1328) said that the teachings of Islam were not compatible with certain modern interpretations, such as Sufism. The ideology behind many of the wars in the northern part of Africa is Salafism.

"Salafi Jihadism" was used to describe those groups who began to use armed jihad during the mid-1990s.


Extinct (disambiguation)

Extinct may refer to:


Hard Boiled

Hard Boiled is a 1992 action crime thriller movie from Hong Kong. John Woo is the thriller's director. The movie stars Chow Yun-fat as Inspector "Tequila" Yuen, Tony Leung Chiu-Wai as Tony, an undercover cop, and Anthony Wong as Johnny Wong, a leader of criminal triads. "Hard Boiled" received mixed to positive reviews from the critics.

Woo liked Clint Eastwood's and Steve McQueen's characters from their films "Dirty Harry" and "Bullitt". He wanted to make his own Hong Kong-style "Dirty Harry" police detective film.

"Hard Boiled" took 123 days to shoot.
"Hard Boiled" was released on April 16, 1992 in Hong Kong. The film grossed HK$19,711,048, which was not as strong as Woo's previous action films "A Better Tomorrow" or "The Killer". At the 12th Hong Kong Film Awards, David Wu and John Woo won the award for "Best Film Editing". Tony Leung was nominated for "Best Supporting Male Actor", but lost the award to Liu Kai-Chi in "Cageman". The North American premiere of "Hard Boiled" was in September 1992 at the Toronto International Film Festival. At the premiere the audience response was very positive with people stomping their feet and yelling at the screen. This reception surprised producer Terence Chang who did not expect such a positive reaction. "Hard Boiled" received wide release in the United Kingdom on October 8, 1993.


2010–11 Bundesliga

The 2010–11 Bundesliga was the 48th season of the Fußball-Bundesliga, Germany's top football league. The season started on August 21, 2010 and ended on May 14, 2011. The defending champions were FC Bayern Munich. The Bundesliga also changed its logo this season.


Below are the teams in the 2010/11 season. Borussia Dortmund, Bayer Leverkusen, Bayern Munich, Hannover 96 and FSV Mainz 05 all did well in the league and were allowed to play in either the UEFA Champions League, or the UEFA Europa League.

Also, Borussia Mönchengladbach went to the relegation play-off, and Eintracht Frankfurt and FC St. Pauli were relegated. Schalke 04 were allowed to play in the UEFA Europa League play-off round. Schalke 04 made it all the way to the Quarter-Finals in the 2011-12 UEFA Europa League.

Borussia Mönchengladbach won the relegation play-off match against VfL Bochum and stayed in the Fußball-Bundesliga for the 2011/12 season.

"Source: bundesliga.de "







List of extinct volcanoes

List of extinct volcanoes includes volcanoes which scientists consider unlikely to erupt again. A volcano which has not erupted in the past 10,000 years is often listed as extinct.

The extinct volcano no longer has a lava supply. An extinct volcano is no longer near an active geologic hot spot, if it ever was.

Volcanologists sometimes can't tell whether a volcano is extinct or dormant. A caldera that has not produced an eruption in tens of thousands of years is likely to be considered inactive. Dormant volcanoes may still erupt, whereas extinct ones cannot.

There are many examples of extinct volcanoes. 


Hatchet

A Hatchet is a special axe that can be used with one hand. It can be used as a tool, for example to cut wood, or as a weapon. Hatchets have been in use since the Mesolithic. The use of hatchets is typical for the Neolithic.Hatchets are often carried by hikers because they can be used to chop woob or kindling for a fire. In shape a hatchet looks like a tohmahawk but they are often a bit smaller and have thicker blades. 

Outnumbered

Outnumbered is a British sitcom shown on BBC One. It began on 28 August 2007 and is partly improvised. It is about the Brockmans, a middle-class family of five who live in a house in suburban south London. Hugh Dennis plays the father, Pete, who is a history teacher. Claire Skinner plays the mother, Sue, who is a part-time personal assistant. Tyger Drew-Honey plays the elder son, Jake, whose main interest is teenage girls. Daniel Roche plays the younger son, Ben, who has attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. Ramona Marquez plays the daughter, Karen, who is intelligent and asks a lot of questions. The show was axed in 2015.

"Outnumbered" was nominated for the 2008 ""Broadcast" Award" for "Best Comedy Programme". It lost the award to "The Thick of It".

The show was given the "British Comedy Guide Editors' Award" in The Comedy.co.uk Awards 2007 and the "Best Returning British TV Sitcom" in The Comedy.co.uk Awards 2008, beating "Peep Show" by six votes.

In 2009, it won the Royal Television Society Award for "Scripted Comedy", and two Broadcasting Press Guild Awards in the same year: "Best Comedy/Entertainment" and the "Writer's Award". "Outnumbered" also won 3 awards at the 2009 British Comedy Awards: Best Sitcom, Best British Comedy and Best Female Newcomer for Ramona Marquez.

At the National Television Awards in 2011, Outnumbered was nominated for Best Comedy but lost out to "Benidorm". It was nominated again the following year and won.


Lindisfarne Gospels

The Lindisfarne Gospels is an Illuminated manuscript book of the gospels. It was made at a monastery off the coast of Northumberland at Lindisfarne, about 700 AD.

The manuscript is now on display in the British Library. It is one of the finest works in the style which is called insular art. This combines Mediterranean, Anglo-Saxon and Celtic elements. At this time, Britain and Ireland shared a style which was different from that of the rest of Europe.

The Lindisfarne Gospels are thought to be by Eadfrith, a monk who became Bishop of Lindisfarne in 698 and died in 721. The Gospels are richly illustrated, and were originally in a fine leather binding covered with jewels and metals. During the Viking raids on Lindisfarne, this cover was lost, and a replacement was made in 1852. The text is written in a hand known as 'insular script'.

In the 10th century an Old English translation of the Gospels was written word-for-word between the lines of the Latin text. It was done by Aldred, Provost of Chester-le-Street. This is the oldest translation of the Gospels into English that we have. The Gospels may have been taken from Durham Cathedral during the Dissolution of the Monasteries, ordered by Henry VIII. In the 18th century the book was given to the British Museum. From there it went to the British Library when this was split off from the British Museum.

List of World Heritage Sites in Iran

There are twenty-four World Heritage Sites in Iran as of 2019,


List of World Heritage Sites in the Arab States

This is a list of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Arab countries. Some of these countries are geographically in Asia and some in Africa.

The list below has an image of the site or part of the site; the name; the location; the nominating state party; the criteria met by the site, including if it is a cultural, natural or mixed; the area in hectares and acres; the year the site was added; and a description of the site. 

List of World Heritage Sites in China

The List of World Heritage Sites in China is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

China agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1985.

Following is a map of the World Heritage Sites in China.

Numbered sites around Beijing: 1. Great Wall; 2. Forbidden City; 3. Zhoukoudian; 4. Summer Palace; 5. Temple of Heaven; 6. Ming Dynasty Tombs; 7. Eastern Qing Tombs; 8. Western Qing Tombs

Legend: Cultural Heritage site; Natural Heritage site; Mixed site
The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

There are 43 WHS places in China.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed..



List of World Heritage Sites in South Korea

As of April 2012, ten sites have been added on the World Heritage List. Nine are cultural sites and one is a natural site. Fourteen more sites have been proposed for adding and are on the tentative list.


Lists of World Heritage Sites

A World Heritage Site is a place that is listed by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) as of special cultural or physical significance.

For lists of World Heritage Sites, see:

Dormant volcano

Dormant volcanos are the volcanos that are quiet but might erupt again in the future. If a volcano that has been silent for years erupts again or shows activity, it is called a "dormant volcano". Vesuvius of Italy is a prime example. After many years of dormancy, it re-emerged in 1931. Then it is dormant again. For example, Krakatoa in Indonesia, Aconcagua in Argentina, and Mount Fuji in Japan are dormant volcanoes.

It is difficult to distinguish active and inactive volcanos.

For example, some scientists have described Mount Fuji as dormant or inactive. That volcano has been dormant since its last eruption in 1707, but is also classified as active. The Geological Survey of Japan lists Mount Fuji as among the active volcanoes on the island of Honshu.

Some volcanoes may remain dormant for a long time; and an eruption is a surprise.

Before 79 AD, Vesuvius was considered dormant.

Before 1991, the Pinatubo volcano in the Philippines was labelled as dormant.

Before 1995, the Soufriere Hills volcano on the island of Montserrat was dormant.

Before 1980, Mt. St. Helens in the United States was dormant.

There are many examples of volcanoes which are considered dormant.



Book of Kells

The Book of Kells (; ; Dublin, Trinity College Library, MS A. I. [58], sometimes known as the Book of Columba) is an illuminated manuscript and Celtic Gospel book in Latin, containing the four Gospels of the New Testament together with various prefatory texts and tables. It was created in a Columban monastery in either Ireland or Scotland, and may have had contributions from various Columban institutions from each of these areas. It is believed to have been created  800 AD. The text of the Gospels is largely drawn from the Vulgate, although it also includes several passages drawn from the earlier versions of the Bible known as the Vetus Latina. It is regarded as a masterwork of Western calligraphy and the pinnacle of Insular illumination. The manuscript takes its name from the Abbey of Kells, County Meath, which was its home for centuries.

The illustrations and ornamentation of the Book of Kells surpass those of other Insular Gospel books in extravagance and complexity. The decoration combines traditional Christian iconography with the ornate swirling motifs typical of Insular art. Figures of humans, animals and mythical beasts, together with Celtic knots and interlacing patterns in vibrant colours, enliven the manuscript's pages. Many of these minor decorative elements are imbued with Christian symbolism and so further emphasise the themes of the major illustrations.

The manuscript today comprises 340 leaves or folios; the recto and verso of each leaf total 680 pages. Since 1953, it has been bound in four volumes, 330 mm by 250 mm (13 inches by 9.8 inches). The leaves are high-quality calf vellum; the unprecedentedly elaborate ornamentation that covers them includes ten full-page illustrations and text pages that are vibrant with decorated initials and interlinear miniatures, marking the furthest extension of the anti-classical and energetic qualities of Insular art. The Insular majuscule script of the text appears to be the work of at least three different scribes. The lettering is in iron gall ink, and the colours used were derived from a wide range of substances, some of which were imported from distant lands.

Book of Kells was place in Kells, County Meath, The manuscript is on display to visitors in Trinity College Library, Dublin and shows two pages at any one time, rotated every 12 weeks. A digitised version of the entire manuscript may also be seen online.

In 1951, the Swiss publisher Urs Graf Verlag Bern produced the first facsimile of the Book of Kells. Most of the pages were reproduced in black-and-white photographs, and the edition also had 48 colour reproductions, including all of the full-page decorations.

Under licence from the Board of Trinity College Dublin, the art publishers Thames and Hudson produced a second facsimile edition in 1974. This edition had all the full-page illustrations in the manuscript and a section of text page ornamentation, with some enlarged details of the illustrations. The reproductions were all in full colour.

By 1986, Swiss publisher Faksimile-Verlag had a process that used gentle suction to straighten a page so that it could be photographed without touching it. They got permission to publish a new facsimile. After each page was photographed, a single-page facsimile was prepared so the colours could be carefully compared to the original and adjustments made where necessary. The completed work was published in 1990 in a two-volume set containing the full facsimile and scholarly commentary. One copy is held by the Anglican Church in Kells, on the site of the original monastery.

In 1994, Bernard Meehan, Keeper of Manuscripts at Trinity College Dublin, produced an introductory booklet on the Book of Kells, with 110 colour images of the manuscript.

A digital copy of the manuscript was produced by Trinity College in 2006. A rare copy of the Book of Kells can also be seen for free at The Little Museum of Dublin.

Cher Lloyd

Cher Lloyd (born 28 July 1993) is an English singer, songwriter and rapper. She has several hit songs, including "Want U Back". Lloyd became famous when she finished fourth in the seventh series of "The X Factor".

Lloyd's first single "Swagger Jagger" was released in June 2011. Even though the song received mixed reviews, the single entered at number one on the UK Singles Chart and number two on the Irish Singles Chart. Her second single "With Ur Love" was released on 31 October 2011. It features Mike Posner, and reached number four in the UK, and number five in Ireland. Her first album "Sticks and Stones" peaked at number four in the UK Albums Chart and at number seven on the Irish Albums Chart. "Sticks and Stones" was released on 4 November 2011, in Europe, and produced three singles, "Swagger Jagger", "With Ur Love" featuring Mike Posner, and "Want U Back" featuring Astro, respectively. A re-release for North America was released on 2 October 2013, producing three singles as well. The singles released were "Want U Back", "Oath" featuring Becky G, and "With Ur Love". Lloyd released her second album, "Sorry I'm Late" on 27 May 2014. "Sorry I'm Late" only produced two singles - "I Wish" featuring T.I. and "Sirens". Lloyd was signed to Universal Music Group in early 2015, and is currently working on her third studio album. She married Craig Monk at a private ceremony on 18 November 2014.

Guy Pearce

Guy Edward Pearce (born 5 October 1967) is an Australian actor and musician. He was born in Ely, Cambridgeshire to a New Zealander father and English mother. He moved to Geelong, Victoria, Australia, when he was three. His television roles include Mike Young in "Neighbours" from 1986-1989 and "Mildred Pierce", for which he won an Emmy Award. His movie roles include: Ed Exley in "L.A. Confidential" and Leonard Shelby in "Memento".

He has been married to Kate Mestitz, a psychologist, since March 1997. He is a long-standing supporter of the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League. Pearce does not believe in God but believes "we're all connected."

British Academy Film Awards

The British Academy Film Awards are an annual award show hosted by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is the British of the Oscars. As of 2008, it happens in the Royal Opera House, in London. Before, it was at the Odeon cinema in Leicester Square. The 65th British Academy Film Awards took place on 12 February 2012.

BAFTA was formed in 1947 as The British Film Academy, by David Lean, Alexander Korda, Carol Reed, Charles Laughton, Roger Manvell and others. In 1958, the academy merged with The Guild of Television Producers and Directors to form The Society of Film and Television. This became The British Academy of Film and Television Arts in 1976.

BAFTA is supported by a membership of around 6,000 people from the movie, television and video game industries.

The academy's awards are look like a theatrical mask. They were designed by American sculptor Mitzi Cunliffe in 1955.

The ceremony used to take place in April or May. Starting in 2002 it takes place in February in order to be before the Oscars. The awards are mostly open to all nationalities. There is an award for "Outstanding British Film" and "Outstanding Debut by a British Writer, Producer or Director". The Short Film and Short Animation awards are also only for UK movies.

The Awards ceremony is broadcast on British television, usually the day after it has taken place. It is mostly broadcast on BBC One.




List of active volcanoes

Active volcanoes are volcanoes which are erupting, or have erupted in modern times. Many volcanoes have erupted dozens of times in the past few thousand years, but are not erupting at this moment. Some scientists consider a volcano "active" if it has erupted in the Holocene period (historic times).

Most volcanoes live many thousands of years and erupt many times. However, most do not erupt even once in a human lifespan. Signs of unrest such as unusual earthquake activity or significant new gas emissions indicate that a volcano is active. An example of an active volcano is Mount St. Helens in the United States (US).

There are more than 1,500 volcanoes that could be active today. An estimated 500 million people live near active volcanoes.

Planet Venus has more volcanoes than Earth. Some may be active.

There are active volcanoes in every part of the world. There are about 1,500 active volcanoes, many in the region of the Pacific Ocean.

The Pacific "Ring of Fire" is an arc around the Pacific Ocean where there are 400+ volcanoes.

Other regions of active volcanoes include the Mediterranean Sea, the Atlantic Ocean and other places.


Hollywood Boulevard

Hollywood Boulevard is a street in Hollywood, California. The street starts at Sunset Boulevard in the east and running northwest to Vermont Avenue. There it turns out and runs due west to Laurel Canyon Boulevard.

DeScribe

Shneur Hasofer () (born July 1, 1982) better known by his stage name DeScribe (Hasofer is Hebrew for "the scribe"), is a Hasidic Jewish musician. His music Mixing elements of dancehall, reggae, hip hop and R&B.

DeScribe was born in Sydney, Australia, to a Hasidic Jewish family. His mother, Devorah Hasofer, is a known singer/songwriter who has released four albums and mostly performs in the Hasidic communities in Australia and Israel. He is a drummer from the age of five and in his preteen years he participated in the recordings of his mother's albums and performed with her as a special guest. 

At the age of 14, Hasofer's parents sent him to Jerusalem to study in a yeshiva. He spent a year in the yeshiva. After that he stayed in Israel, "left the Jewish way of life and did a lot of stupid things." Many of the things he did were illegal. His family's move to Beitar Illit in 1998 did not help stop his wildness.

In 2000, at age 17, DeScribe joined the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) as a combat sharpshooter (a kind of semi professional sniper). He served for three years at the height of the Second Intifada. He saw intense action on almost a daily basis. After being discharged, he stayed in Israel. He organized a concert tour featuring affiliates of the Wu-Tang Clan Remedy and Killah Priest, gaining an inside view of the hip hop scene. 

Around 2004, he began to feel a strong desire to leave his bad lifestyle and return to a religious one. “I started to change the way I thought and behaved and in Judaism I found something that was real that brought happiness to a dark place in my life,” he has said. In 2006, he moved to Brooklyn to attend Tifferet Menachem. There he was given permission to set up a music studio inside the yeshiva.

In 2008, after an early music video was picked up by the Israeli media, he was invited to play the Highline Ballroom in New York with Perry Farrell. Shortly after that, he had met Rohan Marley (Bob Marley’s son) by chance on the streets of New York City. Marley later asked DeScribe to create the theme song for his company, Marley Coffee. Marley Coffee supports environmental and social justice causes in Jamaica and around the world. DeScribe came up with "Livin’ for the Grind," inspired by Bob Marley’s 1962 single "One Cup of Coffee."

DeScribe’s 2010 single “Harmony” was celebrated as a great message for unity and racial harmony by Brooklyn borough president Marty Markowitz, to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the Crown Heights riot.

In early 2011, DeScribe worked with Matisyahu on the dancehall track "Pure Soul". The proceeds from the song benefit The Friendship Circle, a nonprofit organization that helps children with disabilities.

"My music is about unity," DeScribe has said, "and we all have one God whether we are Jewish, Christian or Muslim. We are brothers and we share this world together."



University of Siena

The University of Siena (, UNISI) is in Siena, Italy. It was created in 1240. It is one of the oldest European universities and the 4th oldest in Italy. As of 2011, the university had about 17,290 students.


Haplodiploidy

Haplodiploidy is a sex determination system in which males develop from unfertilized eggs and are haploid, and females develop from fertilized eggs and are diploid.

Haplodiploidy determines the sex in "all" members of the insect order Hymenoptera (bees, ants, and wasps), and the Thysanoptera ('thrips'). The system also occurs sporadically in some spider mites, coleopterans (bark beetles) and rotifers.

In this system, sex is determined by the number of sets of chromosomes an individual receives. An offspring formed from the union of a sperm and an egg develops as a female, and an unfertilized egg develops as a male. This means that the males have half the number of chromosomes that a female has, and are haploid.

The haplodiploid sex-determination system has a number of peculiarities. Most importantly, the relatedness between the sisterhood of worker bees in a hive or nest is 0.75. This means the workers are significantly more closely related than siblings in other sex determination systems. It is this point which drives the kin selection theory of how eusociality evolved. Whether haplodiploidy did in fact pave the way for the evolution of eusociality is still a matter of debate.

The thing to remember is that in normal sexual reproduction, the father has two sets of chromosomes, and crossing over takes place between the chromatids of each pair during the meiosis which produces the sperm. Therefore, "the sperms are not identical", because in each chromosome of a pair there will be different alleles at many of the loci. But when the father is haploid "all the sperm will be identical" (except for a small number where gene mutations have taken place in the germline). So, "as long as all the female queen mates only with one male", all the female offspring will inherit the male's chromosome 100% intact. In fact in Hymenoptera, the males almost all produce enough sperm to last the female for a whole lifetime.

Another feature of the haplodiploidy system is that lethal and deleterious alleles will be removed from the population rapidly because they will automatically be expressed in the males.

Vladimir Zhirinovsky

Vladimir Volfovich Zhirinovsky (Russian: Влади́мир Во́льфович Жирино́вский) (born Vladimir Volfovich Eidelstein; 25 April 1946 – 6 April 2022) was a Russian politician, lawyer and a colonel in the Soviet Army and later the Russian Army.

He was the founder and Leader of the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia (LDPR). He was a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. He was partly of Jewish descent (his father was Jewish). He was the Liberal Democratic presidential candidate in 1991, 1996, 2000, 2008, 2012 and 2018.

Zhironovsky was extremely racist and sexist.
Zhirinovsky predicted in a speech on December 27 2021, the exact date when the Russian military invaded eastern Ukraine. He said "At 4 a.m. on February 22, you will feel [our new policy]. I would like 2022 to be a peaceful year. But I love the truth, for 70 years I have been telling the truth. It will not be peaceful. It will be a year when Russia becomes great again."

In February 2022, Zhirinovsky was hospitalized in Moscow with COVID-19. A month later, it was reported he was being treated for COVID-related problems such as sepsis and respiratory failure.

Zhirinovsky died from problems caused by the virus on 6 April 2022, aged 75.

Brown sugar

Brown sugar is a type of table sugar. It is made by mixing white sugar with molasses, a sugar byproduct. Brown sugar can either be light or dark depending on how much molasses is in it. Brown sugar can harden after a while out of the package.

Infotainment

Infotainment (information and entertainment) is a type of media and therefore a type of communication. This media is designed to inform the media's recipient with information but at the same time to entertain them. It is often used to novels to explain scientific things like the greenhouse effect easily and mixed with entertainment.

Incisivosaurus

Incisivosaurus ("incisor lizard") is a genus of small, probably herbivorous theropod dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of what is now the People's Republic of China. 

The first specimen is a skull that was collected from the lowermost levels (the fluvial Lujiatun beds) of the Yixian Formation. The beds were laid down 125 million years ago (mya) in the Sihetun area, near Beipiao City, in western Liaoning Province. 

The most significant, and highly unusual, characteristic of this dinosaur is its apparent adaptation to an herbivorous or omnivorous lifestyle. Its name refers to its rodent-like front teeth, which show wear patterns commonly found in plant-eating dinosaurs.

The initial description of "Incisivosaurus" showed that the skull, about 10 cm in length (4 inches), had the most complete dentition known for any oviraptorosaur. Their cladistic analysis indicated that "Incisivosaurus" lies at the base of the oviraptorosaurs, making it more basal than "Caudipteryx" and "Oviraptor". The distinguishing skeletal features of "Incisivosaurus", include a long snout that made up about half the total length of the skull, a slender lower jaw with a long fenestra (opening), and its distinctive, large, flattened front teeth. In addition to these unique features, "Incisivosaurus" shared many traits with more typical oviraptorosaurs, so it is classified in that group. 

Several features, including its numerous teeth (most advanced oviraptorids were toothless), show that it was a primitive member of the group. Several features of the skull are similar to the therizinosaurs, another theropod group that was probably herbivorous.

In 2009 the holotype skull was scanned and analyzed in three dimensions. The results indicated that "Incisivosaurus" had fewer bird-like air spaces in the skull bones than later oviraptorosaurs did. It also found that "Incisivosaurus" had reduced olfactory lobes and expanded optic lobes, like ornithomimids. These features of oviraptorosaurs were similar to those of birds. 

"Incisivosaurus" is assumed to have been feathered like most other maniraptoran theropods. Its total body length has been estimated at just under 1 meter (3 ft.). It is possible that "Incisivosaurus" is the same species as "Protarchaeopteryx", though more fossil specimens are needed before the two can be directly compared.

Edward Woodward

Edward Albert Arthur Woodward OBE (1 June 1930 – 16 November 2009) was a British actor. He was born in Croydon, London. His parents were working class. His television roles included the title characters in "Callan" (for which he won a BAFTA Award) and "The Equalizer" (for which he won a Golden Globe Award). His movie roles include Sergeant Howie in "The Wicker Man". He also acted on stage.

Woodward married actress Venetia Barrett in 1952. The couple had three children, all of whom are actors. Their sons are Tim Woodward (born 1953) and Peter Woodward (born 1956). Their daughter is Sarah Woodward (born 1963). Woodward left Barrett for actress Michele Dotrice (born 1948). The couple had a daughter, Emily Beth Woodward (born 1983). Woodward and Barrett divorced in 1986. He was married to Dotrice from 1987 until his death in Treliske, Truro, Cornwall. 

Edward Woodward died at the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro on 16 November 2009 at the age of 79. He lived in Hawker's Cove, Cornwall, near Padstow. He had various illnesses, including pneumonia.

He is survived by his wife, Michele Dotrice and their daughter, and the three children of his first marriage.

His ability as tenor let him record twelve albums of romantic songs, as well as three albums of poetry and fourteen books to tape. His vocal ability and acting skill let him make a number of appearances when time allowed on the BBC's Edwardian era music hall programme, "The Good Old Days".

In 1969 and 1970, he was Television Actor of the Year, and Best Actor at the Sun Awards in 1970, 1971 and 1972. Woodward won the 1970 BAFTA Award for Best Actor for his title role in "Callan". He was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1978. At the 1987 Golden Globe Awards, he won Best Actor in a Dramatic TV Series for his role of Robert McCall in "The Equalizer". At the Emmy Award from 1986 to 1990, he was nominated each year for "The Equalizer".







The Wicker Man

A wicker man is a wicker effigy used in human sacrifice 

It may refer to:


The Wicker Man (2006 movie)

The Wicker Man is a 2006 American horror movie. It is a remake of 1973 British movie of the same name and is also based on Ritual. It is set on an island in Washington. It was written and directed by Neil LaBute. It was produced by Nicolas Cage and Avi Lerner. It stars Cage, Ellen Burstyn, Kate Beahan, Frances Conroy, Molly Parker, Leelee Sobieski and Diane Delano.

Jason Bateman

Jason Kent Bateman (born January 14, 1969) is an American actor, director and producer. He is known for his role on the television series "Arrested Development". His older sister is Justine of "Family Ties" fame. Jason recently received his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on July 26, 2017.


Andrew DeClercq

Andrew Donald DeClercq (born February 1, 1973) is a former American basketball player. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for ten seasons. He played for the Golden State Warriors, Boston Celtics, Cleveland Cavaliers and Orlando Magic. DeClercq played college basketball for the University of Florida.

While in the NBA he averaged 4.8 points and 4.2 rebounds per game.


Table of World Heritage Sites by country

The Table of World Heritage Sites is evolving as more sites are added to a growing list.

There are a total of 936 sites. These include properties in 153 states. 

As of March 2012, 189 states have ratified the World Heritage Convention.

The worldwide sites have been divided by the World Heritage Committee into five geographic zones: Africa, Arab States, Asia-Pacific, Europe & North America, and Latin America & the Caribbean.


Walter McCarty

Walter Lee McCarty (born February 1, 1974 in Evansville, Indiana) is an American former basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association. He played for the New York Knicks, Boston Celtics, Phoenix Suns, and the Los Angeles Clippers.

McCarty played college basketball at the University of Kentucky.

In June 2010, McCarty was named as an assistant coach for the Indiana Pacers. In 2011 McCarty was let go by the Pacers.

Brandon Bass

Brandon Bass (born April 30, 1985) is an American basketball player of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is with the Boston Celtics. He played for LSU in college. He is a 6'8", 250 lb power forward.

On July 26, 2007, Bass agreed to play for the Dallas Mavericks. He signed through the 2008-09 season with a $1.59 million contract.

On July 10, 2009, Bass signed a contract with the Orlando Magic. He was traded to the Boston Celtics in December 2011 for Glen Davis and Von Wafer. In July 2016, Brandon Bass agreed one-year deal with the Los Angeles Clippers.

In August 2017, signed a one-year, $2 million deal with the Liaoning Leopards. 

EA Sports NASCAR

The EA Sports NASCAR series were a series of video games published by EA Sports.

The Glass House (2012 TV series)

The Glass House is an American reality television series in which people who signed up get to tell the people what to do. Fourteen contestants will live in the house and compete for $250,000. The premiere was on June 18, 2012.

On May 4, 2012, broadcasting company CBS told ABC not to air "The Glass House". This was because CBS thought it was the same as their reality television series "Big Brother". Nineteen people who used to work on "Big Brother" are working on "The Glass House". On May 10, 2012, CBS started a lawsuit against ABC.

Warren Beatty

Henry Warren Beaty (born March 30, 1937) is an American actor, producer, screenwriter and director. He has been nominated for 15 Academy Awards. He won the Best Director Award. He has been nominated for 16 Golden Globe Awards and won six. Beatty was nominated for four Oscars for "Heaven Can Wait". He won an Oscar for "Reds".

Beatty was born in Richmond, Virginia. His mother was Canadian teacher Kathlyn Corinne and doctor Ira Owens. He was raised in Arlington, Virginia. His older sister is actress Shirley MacLaine. He studied at Northwestern University for a year from 1954 through 1955.

Beatty enlisted in the California Air National Guard on February 11, 1960 under his original name, Henry W. Beaty. On January 1, 1961, Beatty was discharged from the Air National Guard due to physical disability.

Beatty started his career making appearances on television shows such as "Studio One" (1957), "Kraft Television Theatre" (1957), and "Playhouse 90" (1959). He was a semi-regular on "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis" during its first season (1959–60). Beatty made his movie debut in Elia Kazan's "Splendor in the Grass" (1961), opposite Natalie Wood.

In 1967, when he was 28, he produced and acted alongside Faye Dunaway and Gene Hackman in "Bonnie and Clyde". It was a critical and commercial success, and was nominated for ten Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actor, and seven Golden Globe Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actor.

After "Bonnie and Clyde", Beatty acted with Elizabeth Taylor in "The Only Game in Town" (1970), directed by George Stevens; "McCabe & Mrs. Miller" (1971), directed by Robert Altman; "Dollars" (1971), directed by Richard Brooks; "The Parallax View" (1974), directed by Alan J. Pakula; and "The Fortune" (1975), directed by Mike Nichols.

Beatty starred in "Reds" (1981), an historical epic about American Communist journalist John Reed who observed the Russian October Revolution. Beatty won the Golden Globe Award for Best Director.

Following "Reds", Beatty did not appear in a movie for five years until 1987's "Ishtar", written and directed by Elaine May.

Beatty produced, directed and played the title role as comic strip based detective Dick Tracy in the 1990 movie of the same name. The movie received critical acclaim and was one of the highest-grossing movies of the year. It received seven Academy Award nominations, winning three for Best Art Direction, Best Makeup, and Best Original Song. It also received four Golden Globe Award nominations, including Best Motion Picture. In 1998, he wrote, produced, directed and starred in the political satire "Bulworth", which was critically acclaimed and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.

Following the very bad box office performance of "Town & Country" (2001), in which Beatty starred, he did not appear in or direct another movie for 15 years.

In 2016, Beatty returned to acting and directing in the movie "Rules Don't Apply", which was about a fake romance story about Howard Hughes.

Beatty has been married to actress Annette Bening since 1992. They have four children. His eldest son Stephen Ira came out as transgender in 2006.

Beatty is a longtime supporter of the Democratic Party. In 1972, Beatty was part of the "inner circle" of Senator George McGovern's presidential campaign.



Alexander III of Russia

Alexander Alexandrovich Romanov (Alexander III, 10 March 1845, Winter Palace, Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire — 1 November 1894, Maley Palace, Livadia, Taurida Governorate, Russian Empire) was the Emperor of Russia from 13 March 1881 until his death on 1 November 1894. He reversed some of the liberal laws made by his father, Alexander II and promoted the Russian language. Unlike many Tsars, he kept Russia out of wars. Alexander III had six children. His son, Nicholas II of Russia became the next and last Tsar. 

Hole in one

A hole-in-one in golf is when a player hits the ball from the tee and into the hole in one shot. It is most possible on a par-3 hole. Some people have done it on shorter par-4 holes. Nearly all par 4 and par 5 holes are too long for golfers to reach in a single shot. Getting the ball in the hole in two shots is called an albatross.

Chatham, Virginia

Chatham is a town in the US state of Virginia. At the 2020 census, 1,232 people lived there. It is in the Danville, Virginia metropolitan statistical area.
Chatham has the oldest continually used building in Pittsylvania County. The building was an 18th-century tavern. It is now a house used by Chatham Hall faculty.

Chatham is the county seat for Pittsylvania County. It became the county seat in 1777. There is a large U.S. Department of Agriculture office to help farmers in the area. There is also a small office of the U.S. Forestry Service. The State of Virginia built a new prison where there used to be a work-release camp. This caused improvements in fire and water services to support the increased population.

There were no battles in Chatham during the American Civil War. On Confederate Memorial Day each year, the Daughters of the Confederacy puts flowers at the statue of a Confederate soldier. There is a walking tour of the downtown historic district. There are several bed and breakfast places on Main Street in historic Greek Revival homes.

Schools in Chatham include:

Hameau de la Reine (Versailles)

The Hameau de la Reine (, "The Queen's Hamlet") is a group of houses and farm structures in the park of the Palace of Versailles in France. The hamlet was designed in 1783 by Richard Mique and Hubert Robert as a play space for Queen Marie Antoinette. It was here that she played the simple country girl in a straw hat and plain dress with her friends. About twelve structures form the hamlet. Some were working farm structures and some were structures for the Queen's amusement and use such as the mill. The hamlet fell into neglect after the French Revolution. Restoration was undertaken in the 1990s, and the hamlet is now open to the public.

Picturesque hamlets such as Le Hameau de la Reine were not unknown in 18th century France. The Prince de Condé had one at Chantilly and there was a village at Méréveille. The creation of these villages was influenced by the natural philosophy extolled by Rousseau and the country life genre paintings of painters Greuze, Le Nain, and Chardin. Le Hameau was designed for Queen Marie Antoinette by her favorite architect Richard Mique and the painter Hubert Robert. The painters Tolède and Dardignac painted thousands of little cracks and false half-timbering in the structures to suggest picturesque humbleness, poverty, and age. All the structures in the hamlet were more or less modelled upon similar structures in Normandy and Flanders. Construction on the hamlet started in 1783 and was completed in four or five years.

The purpose of the hamlet was to give the Queen a place to play at the simple life, far from the busy French court. The hamlet is set among meadows at the edge of a lake created by waters channeled from Marly. The structures are divided into two groups. One group was used by the Queen for her pleasure and amusement. The other group was used for farm work. The farm produced milk and eggs for the Queen. Cheeses were made in the dairy. The Queen tasted this produce in a marble room. 

The structures are:

The Queen loved the simple life. It was a break from the stiffness of the court. She played at being a peasant girl in the hamlet. She wore plain muslin dresses and a straw hat. She ate the produce from the farm. Only her dearest friends were allowed into the hamlet. There was a ball room (a room for holding dances) and a billiards room. She wanted her children to experience real animals and kept two cows at the hamlet, Blondie and Brownie. Both were washed and brushed before a visit from the Queen. Ducks, geese, and sheep were kept at the hamlet as well as a billygoat from Switzerland.

The French people believed the Queen was selfishly amusing herself at a time when France was nearing a national crisis. After the French Revolution, the hamlet was deserted and fell into neglect. Restoration was conducted in the 1990s. The Queen's Hamlet is now open to the public.


Mount Unzen

Unzen has erupted many times. 




65th British Academy Film Awards

The 65th British Academy Film Awards, more commonly called the BAFTAs, were held on 12 February 2012 at the Royal Opera House in London. Stephen Fry, who hosted from 2001 to 2006, returned to host the awards ceremony. "The Artist" won seven awards, out of its twelve nominations, including Best Director and Best Film. "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy" was named Best British Film. 

Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold.
Martin Scorsese

John Hurt

BAFTA Award for Best Film

This page lists the winners and nominees for the BAFTA Award for Best Film, BAFTA Award for Best Film not in the English Language and Alexander Korda Award for Best British Film for each year. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for movies, television, children's movies and television, and interactive media. Since 1948, selected movies have been awarded with the BAFTA award for Best Film at an annual ceremony.

BAFTA Award for Best Short Film

This page lists the winners and nominees for the BAFTA Award for Best Short Film for each year. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for movies, television, children's movies and television, and interactive media. Since 1960, selected movies have been awarded with the BAFTA award for Best Short Film at an annual ceremony.

In the following lists, the titles and names in bold with a dark grey background are the winners. Those not in bold are the nominees. The years are when the movies were released, not the year of the ceremony.

The Nutcracker pas de deux

The Nutcracker pas de deux is a dance for the Sugar Plum Fairy and Prince Coqueluche in the ballet "The Nutcracker". The ballet was first presented on 18 December 1892 at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, Russia. The music was written by Tchaikovsky and the dance was designed by Lev Ivanov. The Sugar Plum Fairy was first danced by Antonietta Dell'Era and the Prince by Pavel Gerdt. The "pas" is sometimes danced outside the ballet and is sometimes danced in ballet competitions.

The "pas de deux" is structured in four sections (or movements): first, an "Andante maestoso"; second, a Tarantella for the male dancer; third a dance for the ballerina called the "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy"; and fourth and finally a quick, energetic movement for both dancers.

Marius Petipa, Ballet Master at the Mariinsky Theatre, wanted music "colossal in effect" for the opening "Andante maestoso" movement. The music is made up of descending (falling) scales for cellos. A second, contrasting section is written for oboe and bass clarinet. The music ends with a great climax for trombones. The musical theme of the "Andante maestoso" is similar to Tchaikovsky's death themes in the Fifth and Sixth symphonies.

The "Andante maestoso" movement used a device on the stage called a "reika". This was a small platform or wagon set in a track. It was operated under the stage. In "The Nutcracker", the Sugar Plum Fairy stepped upon a scarf that Prince Coqueluche had placed on the "reika". The Prince pulled the scarf and, as the "reika" was moved from one side of the stage to the other, it seemed that the Sugar Plum Fairy was lighter than air. 


BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film

This is a list of the winners and nominees of the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for film, television, children's film and television, and interactive media.

BAFTA Award for Best Documentary

This page lists the winners for the BAFTA Award for Best Documentary, formerly known as the Robert Flaherty Award, for each year. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for movie, television, children's movie and television, and interactive media. There was a documentary award between 1948 and 1990. In 2012, the Academy re-introduced this category.

† - means Academy Award winner

BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role

Best Actor in a Leading Role is a British Academy Film award presented each year by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is to recognize an actor who has delivered an outstanding leading performance in a movie.

From 1952 to 1967, there were two Best Actor awards: one for a British actor and another for a foreign actor. In 1968, the two prizes of British and Foreign actor were combined to create a single Best Actor award. Its current title, for Best Actor in a Leading Role, has been used since 1995.






























































BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role

Best Actress in a Leading Role is a British Academy Film award presented each year by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is to recognise an actress who has delivered an outstanding leading performance in a film.

Between 1952 and 1967, two awards were given to the best British and best foreign actress each year. In 1968, the two prizes of British and foreign actress were combined to create a single Best Actress award. Its current title, for Best Actress in a Leading Role, has been used since 1995.






























































BAFTA Award for Best Direction

This is a list of the winners of the BAFTA Award for Best Direction. They are presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. Italian-American director Martin Scorsese has had the most nominations, eight so far.













































Men Behind the Sun

Men Behind the Sun (, literally meaning "Black Sun: 731") is a 1988 war-based horror movie. When it was released, the movie was rated III under the Hong Kong rating system (similar to the United States MPAA rating NC-17). The movie is about Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare research and development unit which operated during the Second Sino-Japanese War (World War II) with graphic materials. It was banned in some countries.

In Australia, it was refused classification. It was later rerated R18 on appeal.

In the United States, the movie was released without a rating.

Timbers Army

Timbers Army is a group of hardcore supporters of the Portland Timbers, a Major League Soccer franchise in Portland, Oregon. 

Artists, writers, doctors, vintners, tattoo artists, soccer moms, and more all support the Portland Timbers on match days. Traveling support is significant and it is estimated that 1,500 members of the Timbers Army would make the trip north for the Timbers v. Sounders Cascadia Cup match in October 2012.

In addition to game-day operations, Timbers Army contributes significantly to charitable causes both in Portland and well as around the world. In 2011 alone, members of Timbers Army donated more than $40,000 to its charitable endeavors as well as spending countless hours volunteering with Friends of Trees, Habitat for Humanity and the Oregon Food Bank. Recently, the Timbers Army committed to raising another $40,000 to put toward the completion of Harper's Playground. 

The organizational arm of the Timbers Army, the 107 Independent Supporters Trust, has a paid membership of 2,300. However, as it has always been said: if you want to be Timbers Army, you already are. 

The main identifier of a member of the Timbers Army is the green and white bar scarf which says "Timbers Army" on one side and "No Pity" on the other. The most recent version of the scarf also includes a rose (in tribute to Portland's identity as the City of Roses) superimposed over crossed axes as well as the number 107, the section of Jeld-Wen Field where the Army began.


Serum

Serum may refer to:



Serum (blood)

Serum is a clear, yellowish coloured fluid which is part of the blood. It does not contain white or red blood cells or a clotting factor. It is the blood plasma without the fibrinogens. Serum includes all proteins not used in blood clotting (coagulation) and all the electrolytes, antibodies, antigens, hormones, and any extra substances (such as drugs and microorganisms).

The study of serum is serology. Serum is used in many medical diagnostic tests, as well as in blood typing.

Blood is centrifuged to remove cellular components. Anti-coagulated blood yields plasma containing fibrinogen and clotting factors. Coagulated blood (clotted blood) yields serum without fibrinogen, although some clotting factors remain.

Serum is an important part of the self-renewal of embryonic stem cells when combined with the cytokine leukemia inhibitory factor.




Max Ernst

Max Ernst (2 April 1891 – 1 April 1976) was a German painter and graphical artist. In 1919, he brought the art movement Dadaism to Germany, together with Johannes Theodor Baargeld. In 1922, he left Germany and moved to Paris, where he joined a group of Surrealists (a related art movement) led by André Breton. In 1951 he emigrated to the United States. He returned to France in 1953. With his paintings, collages, and sculptures, he created mysterious combinations using different ways of making images. Often he showed birds, and in landscapes that mimic a forest. He also wrote poems, and wrote about art. He was the first to use the techniques called Frottage and Grattage in art, which involve rubbing the canvas.


Liberal Democratic Party of Russia

The Liberal Democratic Party of Russia ( (ЛДПР), "Liberal'no-demokraticheskaya partiya Rossii" ("LDPR")) is a far-right populist political party in Russia. It was founded in 1992 and it succeeded the Liberal Democratic Party of the Soviet Union in Russia, and since it's establishment has been led by the controversial figure Vladimir Zhirinovsky. In the 2021 elections, the party received 7.55% of the vote, giving it 21 seats. 

Petit Théâtre de la Reine

The Petit Théâtre de la Reine () is a small theatre at Versailles near the Petit Trianon. It was designed and built in 1780 on the orders of Marie Antoinette. Her favorite architect Richard Mique did the work. The theatre seats only 100. It was intended for performances by the Queen and her family and friends. At the period, many aristocrats had such small theatres on their country estates to pass the time performing plays and operas. 

Mique's exterior is plain, simple, and even severe. The interior is rich with gold, blue, and white decoration. The interior is a wooden room painted to resemble marble. The stage machinery still exists. 

In 1780, the Queen and her friends played Pierre-Alexandre Monsigny's "Le Roi et le fermier" (The King and the Farmer, 1762) in the little theatre. The original forest set and rustic cottage set have survived. They were restored in the 19th century. They were in use in February 2012 for performances of "Le Roi" at the Versailles Opera.

Liu Huan

Liu Huan (，born August 26, 1963) is a Chinese singer. In 1990, Liu sang the official theme song "Asian Mighty Winds" () with Wei Wei at the 1990 Asian Games in Beijing. On 8 August 2008, Liu sang the official theme song "You and Me" with British singer Sarah Brightman at the 2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony in Beijing.

Ghazanchetsots Cathedral

Ghazanchetsots Cathedral (Cathedral of Christ the Holy Savior), also called the "Shushi Cathedral" is an Armenian church in Shusha, Nagorno-Karabakh.

Ghazanchetsots Cathedral was built between 1868 and 1887 and has a facade of white limestone. The architect, Simon Ter-Hakobyan, wanted the church to look like Echmiadzin Cathedral. At the west entrance is a freestanding three-story bell tower, built in 1858. It used to have large statues of angels blowing trumpets at each corner of the bell tower's second story. These were destroyed during the Nagorno-Karabakh War when Shusha was under Azerbaijani control.

The cathedral been used for many different things since it was built. After the Shushi Massacres of 1920 it was no longer used as a church. During the Soviet period it was used as to store grain, and then as a garage. During the Nagorno-Karabakh War, Azerbaijani forces used it to store weapons and ammunition. In May 1992 Shusha was invaded by Armenian forces. The church was repaired and renovated. New angel statues were made to replace the destroyed originals; an image of one is part of the coat of arms of Shusha. In 1998 it was re-consecrated as a church, and is now the main cathedral and headquarters of the Armenian Apostolic Church's Diocese of Artsakh.

The cathedral was badly damaged by bombing during the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war, and after Shusha was captured by Azerbaijani troops, it is now under Azerbaijani control and no longer functions as a church.

Faye Wong

Faye Wong, or Wang Fei (, born August 8, 1969) is a Chinese singer and actress. Faye Wang was born at Peking Union Medical College Hospital in Beijing. She moved to Hong Kong in 1987 and has had great success since the early 1990s.


Mount Kosciuszko

Mount Kosciuszko is the highest mountain in Australia. The mountain is above sea level. The mountain is in the south east corner of New South Wales, where it is part of the Great Dividing Range. The Indigenous Australians called the whole mountain Tar-gan-gil. The first European to visit the mountain was the Polish explorer, Count Paul Strzelecki in 1840. He named it Kosciuszko after the Polish patriot, Thaddeus Kosciuszko (1746 - 1817).

Mount Kosciuszko is now part of the large Kosciuszko National Park.


Greater Bangladesh

Greater Bangladesh, or Great Bengal, is a political idea in Bangladesh to unite the region of Bengal. This includes the areas of West Bengal, Tripura, Meghalaya and parts of Assam.

Takeshi Nakashima

Takeshi Nakashima (born January 15, 1976) is a former Japanese football player.

19||2||3||0||4||0||26||2
19||2||3||0||4||0||26||2

Momodu Mutairu

Momodu Mutairu (born June 2, 1975) is a former Nigerian football player.

22||6||||||||||||
22||6||||||||||||

!Total||2||0

Teruki Tabata

Teruki Tabata (born April 16, 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

2||0||||||||||||
2||0||||||||||||

Franck Goldnadel

Franck Goldnadel (born 14 August 1969) is a French aerospace engineer. From the 1st of March 2011 to February 2018, he is head of Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport.

He graduated from the French Civil Aviation University (Promotion 1990). He has worked for 15 years in air transport before being nominated head of Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport. Marc Houalla replaced him in February 2018.



Yohei Takayama

Yohei Takayama (born November 26, 1979) is a former Japanese football player.

Taichi Hasegawa

Taichi Hasegawa (born February 26, 1981) is a former Japanese football player.

9||0||2||1||1||0||12||1
9||0||2||1||1||0||12||1


Yoshifumi Ono

Yoshifumi Ono (born May 22, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.

83||4||||||||||||
83||4||||||||||||

Takayuki Mae

Takayuki Mae (born September 16, 1993) is a Japanese footballer.

1||0||1||0||0||0||2||0
1||0||1||0||0||0||2||0


Kazuya Murata

Kazuya Murata (born October 7, 1988) is a Japanese football player.

6||1||||||||||||
6||1||||||||||||


Tsukasa Shiotani

Shiotani was born in Komatsushima on December 5, 1988. After graduating from Kokushikan University, he joined J2 League club Mito HollyHock in 2011. He played many matches as center back from first season. In August 2012, he moved to J1 League club Sanfrecce Hiroshima. From 2013, he played many matches as right back of three back defense with Kazuhiko Chiba and Hiroki Mizumoto. Hiroshima won the J1 League champions in 2012, 2013 and 2015. He was also selected Best Eleven in 2014, 2015 and 2016. In June 2017, he moved to UAE Pro League club Al-Ain.

On October 10, 2014, Shiotani debuted as center back for the Japan national team against Jamaica. In 2016, he was also selected the Japan U-23 national team as over aged player for 2016 Summer Olympics. He played all 3 matches as center back with Naomichi Ueda. In 2019, he participated 2019 Asian Cup. He played 5 matches as defensive midfielder and 1 goal, Japan won the 2nd place. He played 7 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2019.

200||22||17||2||11||0||18||2||246||26
63||9||15||1||colspan="2"|-||11||1||89||11
263||31||32||3||11||0||29||3||335||37

!Total||7||1

Masaki Watanabe

Masaki Watanabe (born December 2, 1986) is a Japanese football player.

70||5||4||1||74||6
70||5||4||1||74||6


The Black Balloon

The Black Balloon is a 2008 Australian drama movie about an unusual suburban family in Sydney in the early 1990s. It was directed by Elissa Down and written by Down and Jimmy Jack. It stars Rhys Wakefield as 15 year old Thomas Mollison, Luke Ford as his slightly older brother Charlie, Toni Collette as his pregnant mother Maggie and Erik Thomson as his father Simon, who is in the army. Charlie is mentally retarded, severely autistic, unable to speak, hyperactive, overemotional and has outbursts of inappropriate, sometimes destructive, behaviour. Gemma Ward plays Thomas' girlfriend Jackie Masters.

Colin Farrell

Colin James Farrell (born 31 May 1976) is an Irish actor. He has starred in many films, including: "Tigerland", "Minority Report", "Phone Booth", "The Recruit", "S.W.A.T.", "Alexander", "Miami Vice", "Widows", "Dumbo" and "In Bruges", for which he won a Golden Globe Award. He played The Penguin in the 2022 movie "The Batman".

For his role in the 2022 movie "The Banshees of Inisherin", Farrell won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor.

Farrell lives in Los Angeles, California. He also has a home in Dublin, Ireland.


Labrinth

Timothy McKenzie (born 1 April 1989 in Hackney, London), better known by his stage name Labrinth is a British musician, composer and record producer. In 2012, he released his debut studio album "Electronic Earth", which charted in Australia, Ireland and Great Britain. He released 4 Singles, "Let the Sun Shine", "Earthquake", "Last Time" and "Express Yourself". He became famous with his single "Earthquake", which debuted at number 2 of the UK Top 40. "Express Yourself" and "Last Time" reached the Top 10, too. Labrinth is featured on Tinie Tempah's single Pass Out.

BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role

Best Actor in a Supporting Role is a British Academy Film award presented each year by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is to recognize an actor who has delivered an outstanding supporting performance in a movie. Actors of all nationalities are able to receive the award.

1968 – Ian Holm – "The Bofors Gun" as Flynn
as Col.Douglas Mortimor 

1969 – Laurence Olivier – "Oh! What a Lovely War" as John French

1970 – Colin Welland – "Kes" as Mr Farthing

1971 – Edward Fox – "The Go-Between" as Hugh Trimingham

1972 – Ben Johnson – "The Last Picture Show" as Sam the Lion

1973 – Arthur Lowe – "O Lucky Man!" as Mr Duff/Charlie Johnson/Dr Munda

1974 – John Gielgud – "Murder on the Orient Express" as Mr Beddoes

1975 – Fred Astaire – "The Towering Inferno" as Harlee Claiborne

1976 – Brad Dourif – "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" as Billy Bibbit

1977 – Edward Fox – "A Bridge Too Far" as Brian Horrocks

1978 – John Hurt – "Midnight Express" as Max

1979 – Robert Duvall – "Apocalypse Now" as Bill Kilgore

1981 – Ian Holm – "Chariots of Fire" as Sam Mussabini

1982 – Jack Nicholson – "Reds" as Eugene O'Neill

1983 – Denholm Elliott – "Trading Places" as Coleman

1984 – Denholm Elliott – "A Private Function" as Charles Swaby

1985 – Denholm Elliott – "Defence of the Realm" as Vernon Bayliss

1986 – Ray McAnally – "The Mission" as Altamirano

1987 – Daniel Auteuil – "Jean de Florette" as Ugolin

1988 – Michael Palin – "A Fish Called Wanda" as Ken Pile

1989 – Ray McAnally – "My Left Foot – The Story of Christy Brown" as Mr Brown 

1990 – Salvatore Cascio – "Cinema Paradiso (Nuovo cinema Paradiso)" as Salvatore (young)

1991 – Alan Rickman – "" as Sheriff of Nottingham

1992 – Gene Hackman – "Unforgiven" as Little Bill Daggett

1993 – Ralph Fiennes – "Schindler's List" as Amon Göth

1994 – Samuel L. Jackson – "Pulp Fiction" as Jules Winnfield

1995 – Tim Roth – "Rob Roy" as Archibald Cunningham

1996 – Paul Scofield – "The Crucible" as Thomas Danforth

1997 – Tom Wilkinson – "The Full Monty" as Gerald

1998 – Geoffrey Rush – "Elizabeth" as Francis Walsingham

1999 – Jude Law – "The Talented Mr. Ripley" as Dickie Greenleaf

2000 – Benicio del Toro – "Traffic" as Javier Rodriguez

2001 – Jim Broadbent – "Moulin Rouge!" as Harold Zidler 

2002 – Christopher Walken – "Catch Me If You Can" as Frank Abagnale, Sr.

2003 – Bill Nighy – "Love Actually" as Billy Mack

2004 – Clive Owen – "Closer" as Larry 

2005 – Jake Gyllenhaal – "Brokeback Mountain" as Jack Twist

2006 – Alan Arkin – "Little Miss Sunshine" as Edwin Hoover

2007 – Javier Bardem – "No Country for Old Men" as Anton Chigurh

2008 – Heath Ledger – "The Dark Knight" as The Joker

2009 – Christoph Waltz – "Inglorious Basterds" as Col. Hans Landa

2010 – Geoffrey Rush – "The King's Speech" as Lionel Logue 

2011 – Christopher Plummer – "Beginners" as Hal


BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role

Best Actress in a Supporting Role is a British Academy Film award presented each year by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is to recognize an actress who has delivered an outstanding supporting performance in a movie. Actors of all nationalities can receive the award.












































BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography

Best Cinematography is a British Academy Film award presented each year by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA).





















































BAFTA Award for Best Sound

The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) Award for Best Sound has been presented to its winners since 1968. Sound designers of all nationalities can receive the award.












































BAFTA Award for Best Production Design

List of winners of the BAFTA Awards from 1964 to the present in the category "Best Production Design".

Best British Production Design - Black and White
1964: "" – Ken Adam

Best British Production Design - Colour
1964: "Becket" – John Bryan

1965: "Darling" – Ray Simm

1965: "The Ipcress File" – Ken Adam


1966: "The Blue Max" – Wilfred Shingleton

1967: no award given

1967: "A Man for All Seasons" – John Box
Best Production Design (and Art Direction)
1968: "" – Ernest Archer, Harry Lange and Anthony Masters


1970: "Waterloo" – Mario Garbuglia

1971: "Death in Venice (Morte a Venezia)" – Ferdinando Scarfiotti

1972: "Cabaret" – Rolf Zehetbauer

1973: "The Hireling" – Natasha Kroll

1974: "The Great Gatsby" – John Box

1975: "Rollerball" – John Box

1976: "Bugsy Malone" – Geoffrey Kirkland

1977: "Fellini's Casanova (Il casanova di Federico Fellini)" – Danilo Donati and Federico Fellini

1978: "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" – Joe Alves

1979: "Alien" – Michael Seymour

1980: "The Elephant Man" – Stuart Craig

1981: "Raiders of the Lost Ark" – Norman Reynolds

1982: "Blade Runner" – Lawrence G. Paull

1983: "La Traviata" – Gianni Quaranta and Franco Zeffirelli


1985: "Brazil" – Norman Garwood

1986: "A Room with a View" – Brian Ackland-Snow and Gianni Quaranta

1987: "Radio Days" – Santo Loquasto

1988: "" – Dean Tavoularis

1989: "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen" – Dante Ferretti

1990: "Dick Tracy" – Richard Sylbert

1991: "Edward Scissorhands" – Bo Welch

1992: "Strictly Ballroom" – Catherine Martin

1993: "The Piano" – Andrew McAlpine

1994: "" – Dante Ferretti

1995: "Apollo 13" – Michael Corenblith

1996: "Richard III" – Tony Burrough

1997: "Romeo + Juliet" – Catherine Martin

1998: "The Truman Show" – Dennis Gassner

1999: "Sleepy Hollow" – Rick Heinrichs

2000: "Gladiator" – Arthur Max

2001: "Amélie (Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain)" – Aline Bonetto

2002: "Road to Perdition" – Dennis Gassner

2003: "" – William Sandell

2004: "The Aviator" – Dante Ferretti

2005: "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" – Stuart Craig

2006: "Children of Men" – Jim Clay, Geoffrey Kirkland and Jennifer Williams

2007: "Atonement" – Sarah Greenwood and Katie Spencer

2008: "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" – Donald Graham Burt and Victor J. Zolfo

2009: "Avatar" – Rick Carter, Robert Stromberg and Kim Sinclair

2010: Guy Hendrix Dyas, Larry Dias and Doug Mowat – "Inception" 

2011: "Dante Ferretti, Francesca Lo Schiavo" – "Hugo"

Mark Selby

Mark Anthony Selby (born 19 June 1983, Leicester, England) is an English professional snooker and pool player. Selby has won the World Championship, the Masters, the Welsh Open, and the Shanghai Masters.


World population

The world's population is the number of people on Earth. It is increasing all the time because more people are being born than are dying. The population of the world can be changed by other causes such as extinction level events, and natural and un-natural disasters (e.g., earthquakes, war). In November 2022, the United Nations said the Earth's population had reached 8 billion.




Larry Lamb

Lawrence Douglas Lamb (born 1 October 1947) is a British actor. He was born in Edmonton, London. His most notable television roles include Jonathan Fox in the ITV Police drama series "The Bill" (2004–2005), Mick Shipman in the BBC sitcom "Gavin & Stacey" (2007–2010, 2019), and Archie Mitchell in BBC soap opera "EastEnders" (2008–2010). His son, George Lamb (born 1979), is a television and radio presenter. 

Bench press

The bench press is a weight training exercise for the chest muscles and some helping muscles in the shoulders and arms. 

The most people who have bad form in this exercise will push with the feet to make their back bent and lifted up off the bench. This moves up the stomach area over the chest and helps the lower chest muscles move the weight. This may hurt the low part of the back.

Because the weight is directly above the body, a "spotter" or helper is used by many people in this exercise. The helper will stand behind the head of the person doing the exercise. If after doing some of the exercise the person doing the exercise cannot move the weight, the "spotter" will help the person move the weight back up to the starting position by taking hold of the bar and lifting together with the person.

Hylas

Hylas is a character in Greek mythology. He was the son of King Theiodamas of the Dryopians in Thessaly. When Heracles killed the King in battle, he took Hylas under his wing. The young man became Heracles' gay lover. About 300 BC, the poet Theocritus wrote that Heracles loved "the curly-haired Hylas, [and], like a father would with a well loved son, he taught the youth everything that had made him a powerful and famous man." 

The two joined the search for the Golden Fleece. Shortly after their ship left Greece, it put into an island. Hylas set off to look for fresh water. As he neared a spring, the nymphs living within it fell in love with him. They pulled him into the water. He was never seen again. When he did not come back to the ship, Heracles was overcome with grief. He searched the island a long time. The ship set sail without him. Some say Hylas drowned. Others say he fell in love with the nymphs and would not desert them.

Bicep curl

A number of similar exercises are called "bicep curls". These are designed to use the muscles on the top of the arm. 

Most of the time a person is seated or standing and a weight is held in the hand. The elbow is then bent to make the hand come to the shoulder. 

The different kinds of bicep curls mostly change the way the wrist is positioned.

Bicep curls can be done using a resistance band or a pair of dumbbells. Stand with your feet hip-width apart, hold the resistance band or dumbbells with your palms facing forward, and then curl your arms up towards your shoulders.

Pull up (exercise)

A pull-up is a kind of exercise that uses the weight of the body (body weight) to make a person stronger. To do this exercise one holds something that is high above the head with both hands so their body is hanging free under it. Bend your knees like your shins are parallel to the ground, it makes easier to do. Then one pulls oneself up and stops when the chin is above the hands. This mostly helps the back muscles but also uses the muscles on top of the arms (biceps) and stomach (abdominals). It is an exercise that does not need any special equipment except something high that a person can hold on to.

Many different ways to position the wrist and hands are used. Some say these are all different exercises, but they are all similar. Some kinds of pull-ups use weights on a belt to make the exercise harder.

Many who use bad form on this exercise will kick with their legs or jump and jerk with the legs to help the motion. Good form is holding the low parts of the body still and only using the arms to pull the body up.

Ancient Greek wrestling

Greek wrestling was a grappling combat sport practiced by the Ancient Greeks. A wrestler's aim was to throw his opponent to the ground from a standing position. A point (or fall) was scored when a wrestler's back or shoulders touched the ground. Three points were needed to win a match. Holds were restricted to the upper body. like modern wrestling. 

Each city had a place for wrestling, called a palaestra. Some large cities had several palaestrae. Wrestlers trained and competed in the nude. The sport was the first added to the Ancient Olympic Games (in 708 B.C) that was not a footrace. Two ancient Greek wrestlers that are remembered today are Leontiskos of Messene and Milo of Croton. Leontiskos is infamous for winning the Olympics after breaking his opponent's fingers, and Milo is famous for winning five Olympic championships. Wrestling was a popular subject for Greek sculpture, painting, and literature.

Greek wrestling was known to the ancients as "or the pale" ("upright (or erect) wrestling"). Legend says that Theseus of Athens invented wrestling. The wrestler's aim was to throw his opponent to the ground from a standing position. Holds were restricted to the upper body and pinning an opponent to the ground was unknown. Wrestling on the ground was permitted only in the sports known to the Greeks as "kato pale" ("ground wrestling") and "pankration". 

A point was scored for a fall. A fall occurred when a wrestler's back or shoulders touched the ground. Three points were required to win a match. Wrestling was less rough than the pankration and required less space. As a result, it was the most popular sport among Greek athletes. It was an event in the pentathlon (and could be the deciding event) but it was a separate event as well, with the same techniques. Wrestling was mentioned numerous times in Greek literature, especially poetry. 

The remains of a papyrus wrestling manual from the 2nd century AD reveal that the Greeks were familiar with headlocks, joint locks, shoulder holds, and other techniques used by modern wrestlers. Because there were no time limits to matches, some would end in draws. A wrestler could submit under a chokehold and "tap out". Wrestlers were sometimes killed in contest, but their opponents were never held responsible for homicide.

 

Wrestling was taught and practiced in a building called the "palaestra". There were many of these wrestling schools across Greece. The first palaestras were built about the 6th century BC. They were privately owned, but by the 5th century BC palaestras were being built at the public expense. Palaestras were built until the end of the Age of the Roman Empire. The ancient Greek scholar Plutarch writes that only wrestling and the pankration were taught and practiced in the palaestra. Boxing and other sports were taught and practiced in gymnasiums. 

The palaestra consisted of a square or rectangular yard open to the sky. This yard was used for training and practice. The yard was surrounded by colonnades. During rainy weather, wrestling and the pankration were practiced under the colonnades. Rooms adjoining the colonnades were used for lectures, bathing, dressing and undressing, game playing, socializing, and the storage of equipment and olive oil. Gay sex was rampant in the palaestra, despite official efforts to curb it. 

Greek athletes were one of the few athletes in the ancient world who practiced and competed naked. Homer's wrestlers in "Iliad" wore loincloths, but shortly after the Age of Homer, Greek athletes started to strip. It is not known why. Pausanias says athletes wanted to imitate Orsippos of Megara, a runner who won a footrace at Olympia in 720 BC after losing his loincloth. Dionysios of Halikarnassos and Thucydides credited a Spartan with the custom. 

Other legends say that a runner tripped on his loincloth and officials banned it as unsafe. Some say that athletes stripped to prove that they were males, or because they could run better in the nude. Other reasons have been given: athletes stripped for erotic reasons, or for cult reasons, or for good luck, or as a democratic equalizer. Some say they stripped because they were proud of their muscular bodies and their tans.

The Greeks called the penis a "dog". Athletes sometimes used a cord called a "dog leash" to tie off the foreskin of the penis. It is unknown if this custom had sexual or aesthetic meanings. It appears to have been a matter of personal preference. Tying the foreskin is sometimes a subject in vase painting.

The Greek wrestler carried three items to the palaestra: an oil flask, a scraper, and a sponge. The oil flask ("aryballos") was a ceramic container with a wide lip and narrow mouth that held a wrestler's daily allotment of olive oil. These containers took a variety of shapes. Some were fashioned to resemble birds, animals, or human body parts such as the head, foot, or penis. Most were simply globes without a resting base. 

The scraper ("strigil" or "stlengis") was a tool with a concave blade. It was made of bronze, silver, glass, or iron. It was used to scrape the accumulated olive oil and sweat ("gloios") from an athlete's body. The gloios was sold for its alleged medicinal value. It was used to treat inflammations of the joints, the vulva and anus, for genital warts and syphilitic lesions, muscle sprains, and pains. Once the sweat and oil was removed, the wrestler bathed using a sponge ("spongos").

Heavy athleteswrestlers, pankratiasts, and boxersshared the same buildings, practiced the same exercises, used the same equipment (punching bags), and followed the same high-protein diets of meat. Wrestlers at Olympia once were given light boxing practice as a preparation for competition. 

Wrestlers first rubbed their bodies with olive oil to keep sand out of their pores. The wrestler then dusted himself with a fine powder. He sometimes practiced with a partner to learn tactics, but, for the most part, wrestlers simply wrestled. Rhythm was important, so wrestlers practiced and competed to flute music. Unlike boxing and the pankration, wrestling practice was conducted at full bore. Wrestlers kept their hair cut short to avoid giving opponents something to grasp or wore a skullcap to keep their hair in place.

Wrestlers were paired by drawing lots ("kleroi"). These lots were about the size of a bean and marked with a letter. There were two lots for each letter. The lots were mixed in a pitcher. Each wrestler drew one lot and was paired with the wrestler who drew the same letter. If there was an odd number of wrestlers, the last letter would be marked on only one lot. The wrestler who drew it would not compete in the first round.

A match began in a position known as the "standing together" ("systasis"). The wrestlers would lean into each other until their foreheads touched. From this position, each would try to throw his opponent to the ground. A wrestler might lunge forward gripping his opponent's shoulders or wrapping his arms around his opponent's torso in a "bear hug". The two might avoid close contact during the initial struggle, with each fighting for a grip on his opponent's legs or arms. Eventually, one would find the grip he needed to throw his opponent. A wrestler might try to grip the hands, wrists, or arms of his opponent and throw him with a sudden twist ("akrocheirismos"), or come to close quarters and gain a hold on the body.

A match was divided into sections marked by "falls". The wrestlers re-engaged without an interval (break) after a fall. Sports scholars and historians are uncertain about what exactly constituted a fall. They agree however that it involved touching at least the shoulders or the back to the earth. Three falls were a victory and the match was ended.

In "Combat Sports in the Ancient World", Michael Poliakoff points out that Greek wrestling was a brutal sport and tolerated some rough tactics. It was less brutal than the other two combat sportsthe pankration and boxingbut, while striking was forbidden and finger-breaking was eventually made illegal, some limb-threatening moves, neckholds, and strangleholds were permitted. Wrestling was considered a sport of craft because of its large number of leverages and holds. It was a sport that tested the "martial virtues: cunning, boldness, courage, self-reliance, and perseverance" Poliakoff writes, and the Greeks "expected that an accomplished and educated man would practice and enjoy wrestling as an adult." 

The wrestler's aim was to score a fall on his opponent. Touching the back or shoulders to the ground was a fall. There was no defined wrestling space such as a ring or circle and there was no time limit. Holds were limited to the upper body and foot tripping was permitted. 

There were no weight divisions in Greek wrestling. The sport was dominated by the large and strong. These men and boys could defeat a smaller but more skilled opponent simply by their size. Three falls were required for a win in formal competition. Five bouts were possible in a match. The ancients never awarded points for successful tactics, as in modern wrestling, and "pinning" or holding an opponent to the earth was unknown. Strangling or choking an opponent in order to force him to admit defeat was permitted. 

Keeping an opponent in a hold from which he could not escape was also a fall, as was stretching a man full length on the ground. A wrestler could drop to one knee, but this was risky. Once two wrestlers fell to the earth together, it was sometimes difficult to determine exactly what was happening, and disputes arose. Throwing an opponent out of the "skamma" (wrestling pit) was not a fall, but counted as a victory nonetheless.

Three classic moves in Greek wrestling were the "flying mare", the "body hold", and fancy foot trips. In the flying mare, the wrestler would grip his opponent's arm, throw him over his shoulder, and send him to the ground flat on his back. In the body hold, a wrestler would grip his opponent about the waist, lift him in the air, flip him, and drop him head first to the ground. Elaborate foot trips would send a wrestler crashing to the ground, but old school wrestlers who relied on sheer strength scorned fancy foot trips. Punching, kicking, and gouging soft body areas were not allowed. A point was scored if a wrestler tapped out because of a submission hold. It was possible for a match to last for five rounds.
Wrestling was an event in the ancient Olympic Games. It was added to the Olympic program in 708 BC. It was the first competition added to the Olympics that was not a footrace. Boys' wrestling was added to the Olympic program in 632 BC. Wrestlers prayed to Herakles for strength and Hermes for speed. The wrestling competition was held in the stadium, not the Palaestra at Olympia.

Wrestling, boxing, and the "pankration" (the contact sports), were held on the fourth day of the Olympic festival. There were no weight divisions in Greek wrestling. The sixteen Olympic wrestlers were heavyweights with muscles "the size of boulders" according to one witness. Fans gave wrestlers nicknames that fit their physiques such as "the bear" or "the lion". 

The ancient coach Philostratus thought an even temperament and fine physique were important for a wrestler. He liked a wrestler with a straight back, a solid thigh turned outwards, and wrote that "narrow buttocks are weak, fat ones slow, but well-formed buttocks are an asset for everything."

Leontiskos was an Olympic wrestling champion in 456 and 452 BC. Although rules against breaking an opponent's fingers were made in the 6th century BC, Leontiskos won by using just this very tactic. Milo of Croton was another Olympic herothe only wrestler to win five Olympic championships. He was defeated in his sixth attempt when he was forty. The Olympic wrestler Polydamas was killed when he tried to hold up the roof of a cave during an earthquake.

Wrestlers were praised for their physical beauty. The inscription on the monument to Theognetos of Aegina reads:
<poem>
</poem>



BAFTA Award for Best Costume Design

This is a list of the British Academy Film Award for Best Costume Design. It is one movie awards given by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts each year.




















































BAFTA Award for Best Editing

The BAFTA Award for Best Editing is one of several awards of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). These awards have been given each year since 1968.












(There were six films nominated for this award in 2008, instead of the usual five, because of a tie in the voting.)






BAFTA Award for Best Newcomer

The BAFTA Award for Outstanding Debut by a British Writer, Director or Producer is presented each year at the British Academy Film Awards in London. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts the awards shows for movie, television, children's movie and television, and interactive media. The Outstanding Debut award recognises the work of writers, directors and producers. It is presented in honour of screenwriter and producer Carl Foreman. 














































BAFTA Award for Best Special Visual Effects

This page lists the winners and nominees for the BAFTA Award for Best Special Visual Effects for each year. The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), is a British organisation that hosts annual awards shows for movies, television, children's movies and television, and interactive media.






























BAFTA Award for Best Makeup and Hair

This is a list of BAFTA Award winners for Best Makeup and Hair. The BAFTA Award for Best Makeup and Hair is one of several awards of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). 

2011: "The Iron Lady" - Marese Langan

2010: "Alice in Wonderland" - Valli O'Reilly & Paul Gooch

2009: "The Young Victoria" - Jenny Shircore

2008: "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" – Jean Black and Colleen Callaghan

2007: "The Passionate Life of Edith Piaf (La môme)" – Jan Archibald and Didier Lavergne

2006: "Pan's Labyrinth (El laberinto del fauno)" – José Quetglás and Blanca Sánchez

2005: "" – Howard Berger, Nikki Gooley and Gregory Nicotero

2004: "The Aviator" – Kathryn Blondell, Sian Grigg, and Morag Ross

2003: "" – Ve Neill and Martin Samuel

2002: "Frida" – Judy Chin, Beatrice De Alba, John E. Jackson, and Regina Reyes

2001: "" – Peter King, Peter Owen and Richard Taylor

2000: "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" – Rick Baker, Toni G, Sylvia Nava, Gail Rowell-Ryan and Kazuhiro Tsuji

1999: "Topsy-Turvy" - Christine Blundell


1997 - "The Wings of the Dove" - Sallie Jaye, Jan Archibald

1996 - "The Nutty Professor" - Rick Baker, David LeRoy Anderson


1994 - "The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert" - Cassie Hanlon, Angela Conte, Strykermeyer

1993 - "Orlando" - Morag Ross

1992 - "The Last of the Mohicans" - Peter Robb-King

1991 - "Cyrano de Bergerac" Jean-Pierre Eychenne, Michèle Burke





1986 - "Ran" - Shohichiro Meda, Tameyuki Aimi, Chihako Naito, Noriko Takemizawa



1983 - "Tootsie" - Dorothy J. Pearl, George Masters, C. Romania Ford, Allen Allen

1982 - "Quest for Fire" - Sarah Monzani Christopher Tucker, Michèle Burke

BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay

The BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay is the British Academy Film Award for the best script not based upon previously published material. It has been awarded since 1984. In 1984 the category BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay was split into two awards, this one and the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.

1983: "The King of Comedy" – Paul D. Zimmerman

1984: "Broadway Danny Rose" – Woody Allen
1985: "The Purple Rose of Cairo" – Woody Allen

1986: "Hannah and Her Sisters" – Woody Allen

1987: "Wish You Were Here" – David Leland

1988: "A World Apart" – Shawn Slovo

1989: "When Harry Met Sally..." – Nora Ephron

1990: "Cinema Paradiso (Nuovo cinema Paradiso)" – Giuseppe Tornatore

1991: "Truly, Madly, Deeply" – Anthony Minghella

1992: "Husbands and Wives" – Woody Allen

1993: "Groundhog Day" – Harold Ramis and Danny Rubin 

1994: "Pulp Fiction" – Roger Avary and Quentin Tarantino

1995: "The Usual Suspects" – Christopher McQuarrie 

1996: "Secrets & Lies" – Mike Leigh

1997: "Nil by Mouth" – Gary Oldman

1998: "The Truman Show" – Andrew Niccol

1999: "Being John Malkovich" – Charlie Kaufman

2000: "Almost Famous" – Cameron Crowe

2001: "Amélie (Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain)" – Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Guillaume Laurant 

2002: "Talk to Her (Hable con ella)" – Pedro Almodóvar

2003: "The Station Agent" – Thomas McCarthy

2004: "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" – Charlie Kaufman

2005: "Crash" – Paul Haggis and Robert Moresco

2006: "Little Miss Sunshine" – Michael Arndt

2007: "Juno" – Diablo Cody

2008: "In Bruges" – Martin McDonagh

2009: "The Hurt Locker" – Mark Boal

2010: "The King's Speech" – David Seidler

2011: "The Artist" – Michel Hazanavicius

2012: "Django Unchained" – Quentin Tarantino

2013: "American Hustle" – Eric Warren Singer and David O. Russell

2014: "The Grand Budapest Hotel" – Wes Anderson and Hugo Guinness

2015: "Spotlight" – Tom McCarthy and Josh Singer

2016: "Manchester by the Sea" – Kenneth Lonergan

2017: "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" – Martin McDonagh

2018: "The Favourite" – Deborah Davis and Tony McNamara

2019: "Parasite" – Han Jin Won and Bong Joon-ho

2020: "Promising Young Woman" – Emerald Fennell

2021: "Licorice Pizza" – Paul Thomas Anderson

BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay

The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) Award for Best Adapted Screenplay has been presented to its winners since 1983. Before it was called the BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay.

1983: "Heat and Dust" – Ruth Prawer Jhabvala

1984: "The Killing Fields" – Bruce Robinson

1985: "Prizzi's Honor" – Richard Condon and Janet Roach

1986: "Out of Africa" – Kurt Luedtke

1987: "Jean de Florette" – Claude Berri and Gérard Brach

1988: "The Unbearable Lightness of Being" – Jean-Claude Carrière and Philip Kaufman

1989: "Dangerous Liaisons" – Christopher Hampton 

1990: "Goodfellas" – Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese

1991: "The Commitments" – Dick Clement, Roddy Doyle and Ian La Frenais

1992: "The Player" – Michael Tolkin

1993: "Schindler's List" - Steven Zaillian

1994: "Quiz Show" – Paul Attanasio

1995: "Trainspotting" – John Hodge

1996: "The English Patient" – Anthony Minghella

1997: "Romeo + Juliet" – Baz Luhrmann and Craig Pearce

1998: "Primary Colors" – Elaine May

1999: "The End of the Affair" – Neil Jordan

2000: "Traffic" – Stephen Gaghan

2001: "Shrek" – Ted Elliott, Terry Rossio, Roger S.H. Schulman and Joe Stillman

2002: "Adaptation." – Charlie and Donald Kaufman

2003: "" – Philippa Boyens, Peter Jackson and Fran Walsh

2004: "Sideways" – Alexander Payne and Jim Taylor

2005: "Brokeback Mountain" – Larry McMurtry and Diana Ossana

2006: "The Last King of Scotland" – Jeremy Brock and Peter Morgan


2007: "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" – Ronald Harwood

2008: "Slumdog Millionaire" – Simon Beaufoy

2009: "Up in the Air" – Jason Reitman and Sheldon Turner

2010 "The Social Network" – Aaron Sorkin


BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay

The BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay is a British Academy Film Award for the best script. It was awarded from 1968 to 1982. In 1983 it was split into BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay and BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
















BAFTA Award for Best British Screenplay

The BAFTA Award for Best British Screenplay was a British Academy Film Award from 1954 to 1967. 

A Man for All Seasons - Robert Bolt

Morgan: A Suitable Case for Treatment - David Mercer

Darling - Frederic Raphael

The Pumpkin Eater - Harold Pinter

Tom Jones - John Osborne

Lawrence of Arabia - Robert Bolt

The Day the Earth Caught Fire - Wolf Mankowitz, Val Guest, and
A Taste of Honey - Shelagh Delaney, Tony Richardson

The Angry Silence - Bryan Forbes

I'm All Right Jack - Frank Harvey, John Boulting, Alan Hackney

Orders to Kill - Paul Dehn

The Bridge on the River Kwai - Pierre Boulle

The Man Who Never Was - Nigel Balchin

The Ladykillers - William Rose

The Young Lovers - George Tabori, Robin Estridge

BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award

The BAFTA Fellowship is a lifetime achievement award presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It has been given since 1971 "in recognition of outstanding achievement in the art forms of the moving image", and is the highest honour the Academy can give. Fellowship recipients have been mostly film directors, but some have also been awarded to actors, movie and television producers, cinematographers, film editors, and screenwriters.


BAFTA Rising Star Award

The EE Rising Star Award, formerly known as the Orange Rising Star Award, is one of the award categories for the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA). It is for new talents in the acting industry. The award was made after Mary Selway's death in 2004. She helped many new actors and actresses to fame. The five nominees can be any nationality and either gender. Their breakthrough can be in television, film or both. The nominees are chosen by the BAFTA juries. The winner is chosen entirely by the public votes by text, internet or phone. This award was sponsored by Orange UK until 2012. From 2013, it was sponsored by EE.


Palaestra at Olympia

The palaestra at Olympia, Greece is an ancient structure, now in ruins. There were many palaestra throughout Greece. A palaestra was the place where Greek athletes trained for and practiced wrestling, the pankration, and sometimes boxing. The palaestra at Olympia was built sometime in the third century BC.

It is north of the gymnasion. It is square. Its sides are each about 66 meters long. Its door is in the northwest corner. The lower part of the outer walls were made of stone and the upper part of brick. Inside was a sand-covered yard open to the sky. This yard was surrounded on all four sides with colonnades of Doric columns. In bad weather, the athletes practiced under these colonnades.

Off these colonnades were rooms where the athletes dressed and undressed, rubbed themselves with olive oil, dusted themselves with powder or sand, and met friends. There was a tub (1.5 meters deep) in the corner of the yard that was used for cold baths. There were rooms for the storage of oil and equipment.

In 195556, the German Archaeological Institute partly restored the palaestra. Complete restoration is not possible because many of the columns have been completely destroyed.

Vanessa Proux

Vanessa Proux (31 May 1974) is a French biologist and the current head of Sup'Biotech.

Holder of a Master's degree in biochemistry (1997) and one more in microbiology, Vanessa Proux graduates from University of Technology of Compiègne in October 2001 (Doctorate in microbiology). During 4 years, she is teacher and researcher.

Since February 2004, she is head of the Sup'Biotech.


2011–12 Bundesliga

The 2011–12 Bundesliga was the 49th season of the Fußball-Bundesliga, Germany's top football league. The season started on August 5, 2011 and ended on May 5, 2012. The defending champions were Borussia Dortmund.


Below are the top 5, and the lowest 5 teams in the 2011/12 season. As you can see, Borussia Dortmund, Bayern Munich, Schalke 04, Borussia Mönchengladbach and Bayer Leverkusen all did well in the league and were allowed to play in either the UEFA Champions League, or the UEFA Europa League.

Also, Hertha BSC went to the relegation play-off, and FC Köln and 1. FC Kaiserslautern were relegated.

Fortuna Düsseldorf won the relegation play-off match against Hertha BSC and moved to the Fußball-Bundesliga for the 2012/13 season. Hertha BSC was sent to the 2. Bundesliga.

"Source: bundesliga.de "







Änis Ben-Hatira

Änis Ben-Hatira (born 18 July 1988) is a German football player. He plays for Hertha BSC and the Tunisia national football team.

Born in Berlin, Ben-Hatira started playing for Berlin Reinickendorf, before going to Tennis Borussia Berlin. Soon, he was signed by Hamburger SV in 2006. He played a little for West Ham United, but he stayed with Hamburger SV, He went on a loan in 2009 to MSV Duisburg and stayed for the season. In 2011, he moved to Hertha BSC.

After playing for the Germany national youth football team, he was called up by the Tunisia national football team. He made his debut against Peru in a friendly match.

Hertha BSC

Germany U21

2012–13 Bundesliga

The 2012–13 Bundesliga is the 50th season of the Fußball-Bundesliga, Germany's top football league. The season started on August 24, 2012 and ended on May 18, 2012. The defending champions were Borussia Dortmund. The champion was decided before the tournament ended. FC Bayern Munich won the tournament, with 91 points (a 25-point lead).

Below is the table for the 2012–13 Fußball-Bundesliga season. Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund and Bayer 04 Leverkusen directly qualified for the UEFA Champions League, while Fortuna Düsseldorf and SpVgg Greuther Fürth were relegated to the 2. Bundesliga.


Cyclone Jal

Cyclone Jal was a severe cyclonic storm that formed in the South China Sea on October 31, 2010. It then hit Thailand and Malaysia. It then went on to hit India. The storm hit the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, and parts of Kerala. Some of its moisture traveled to the states Rajasthan and Gujarat.

There were 118 deaths caused by the cyclone. Thousands were displaced.

Hurricane Bud (2012)

Hurricane Bud was the first hurricane of the 2012 Pacific hurricane season. It was formed on May 21, 2012, and died on May 26, 2012. It started near Western Mexico. It made landfall there, where it uprooted trees and washed away roads. It approached Baja California but did not damage it. It is unknown how many deaths it caused.

Hurricane Bud

Hurricane Bud might refer to:


Great Train Robbery (1963)

The Great Train Robbery was a £2.6 million train robbery that took place on 8 August 1963 at Bridego Railway Bridge, Ledburn, Buckinghamshire. The gang was led by Bruce Reynolds (1931–2013). Other members of the gang included Buster Edwards (1931–1994), Brian Field (1934–1979), Charlie Wilson (1932–1990), Ronnie Biggs (1929–2013), and Gordon Goody (1930–2016).

Securitas depot robbery

The Securitas depot robbery was the largest cash robbery in British history. It took place on 21-22 February 2006. Several men kidnapped and threatened the family of the manager, tied up 14 staff members and stole over £53 million in banknotes from a Securitas depot in Tonbridge, Kent, England.

Syndrome

In psychology and medicine, a syndrome is when there are multiple symptoms. These symptoms may be related. In some cases the way in which they are related is known, in other cases it is not. When both the relationship of symptoms and their causes are known, people generally talk about a disease. 

Symptoms that occur together in similar contexts are often related, or have a common cause. Some syndromes, such as Down syndrome have only one cause. In the case of Down syndrome, the cause is known. Other syndromes, such as Pakinsonian syndrome may have many causes, and finding the exact cause may be difficult.

Union of South Africa

The Union of South Africa is the country that came before the current Republic of South Africa. It was formed on May 31st, 1910 when the British Cape Colony and the Natal Colony unified with the defeated Boer republics of the South African Republic and the Orange Free State. The provinces of the union were called, respectively, as the Cape Province, the Natal Province, the Transvaal Province, and the Orange Free State Province. After World War I, the former German colony of German South West Africa was put under administration of the Union of South Africa as a League of Nations mandate and was treated like another province. It was a Commonwealth realm, which means that it was a constitutional monarchy with the British monarch (king or queen) as the head of state.

The Union of South Africa ended on 31 May 1961, when a new constitution came into effect, transforming the Union of South Africa into a republic, under the name "Republic of South Africa". The South Africa's membership of the Commonwealth of Nations also ended, when it became a republic.

Larry Clark

Lawrence "Larry" Clark (born January 19, 1943) is an American movie director and producer. He has directed several controversial movies. These include "Kids", "Ken Park" and "Bully" (2001). The first was marked under an NC-17 rating. This caused Miramax (owned by Disney at the time) to sell it to someone else for its distribution. In addition, "Ken Park" was more explicit and violent: Australia would not allow this movie to be shown publicly, distributed or sold due to its explicit content.

Clark was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He often does his works based on the life of teenagers and young adults who involve themselves with illegal drugs and certain types of crime.

Carl Eugene Watts

Carl Eugene Watts (November 7, 1953 - September 21, 2007) was an American criminal. He was a thief, burglar, stalker, kidnapper, torturer and serial killer. 

Watts was born in Killeen, Texas. During his childhood his parents separated and divorced; he moved with his mother to Inkster, Michigan, she married another man. Watts was the eldest of ten children. Both Watts' marriages ended in divorce. He had one child.

Watts was an African-American; the large majority of his victims were white. He was diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder and depression. He was of well below-average intelligence and was a disorganized thrill killer. He committed his crimes in Texas and Michigan. His methods of killing included strangulation, stabbing, bludgeoning and drowning. He was apprehended in Houston, Texas on May 23, 1982. He was sentenced to life imprisonment and was not released. He died of prostate cancer in hospital in Jackson, Michigan. 

Minitel

The Minitel is a Videotex online service. Users connected to it through the telephone lines. It was a successful pre-World Wide Web online service. The PTT (Poste, Téléphone et Télécommunication) started Minitel started in France in 1982. From the beginning, users could buy things online that are now done on the Internet. People could make train reservations, check stock prices, search the telephone directory, have a mail box, and chat.

In February 2009, France Telecom said the Minitel network still had 10 million monthly connections. One-million were to the directory. France Telecom ended the service on 30 June 2012.

Millions of terminals were free to telephone subscribers. That meant many people and businesses had access immediately. People who got Minitel did not get a regular paper telephone directory.

Minitel gave access to these services:

Many new companies started to try to make money using the network. This was like the later dot-com bubble. Many of the companies failed. Some people criticized pornographic services on Minitel because children could access them. The government did not make rules about pornography on Minitel. The government also made a tax on pornographic online services.

Payment methods

France Télécom charged Minitel users at rates of up to €1 a minute. The rates depend on the service called. Most services were much cheaper than the maximum. France Télécom then paid part of the fee to the companies that operate Minitel servers.

The most popular service of the Minitel was the "Annuaire Electronique" at the phone number "11". On 18 October 1996, access to the Phonedirectory changed to "3611". Companies could add up to 3 lines of information to the listing. There were also advertisements on the phone directory pages.

Minitel terminals have a text based screen, keyboard and modem. The screen can show simple graphics. Minitel terminals use the AZERTY keyboard, not the QWERTY keyboard. Users could buy printers to attach to the terminals.

The Minitel modem usually dialed a special number to connect to a PAVI ("Point d'Accès VIdéotexte", "videotext access point"). The PAVI sent information to the correct servers on the Transpac X.25 network. In France the most common dial number was "36 15". "36 17" was for more expensive services. Minitel services names often started with this number. So, the "36 15" number at the front of the name was like the ".com" on Internet web sites.

Minitel used a half-duplex asymmetric data rate via its modem. It downlinked at 1200 bit/s and uplinked at 75 bit/s. This allowed fast downloads, for the time. The system was called '1275', but the correct name was V.23. This system was only for Minitel and copies of Minitel in other countries.

The United Kingdom had a similar service called Prestel.


Parkinsonian syndrome

Parkinsonian syndrome (also known as Parkinsonism, atypical Parkinson's or secondary Parkinson's) is a neurological syndrome characterized by tremor, hypokinesia, rigidity, and postural instability. There are many conditions that lead to Parkinsonism, and diagnosis can be difficult. While the neurodegenerative condition Parkinson's disease (PD) is the most common cause of parkinsonism, a wide range of other causes may lead to a similar set of symptoms, including some toxins, a few metabolic diseases, and a handful of neurological conditions unrelated to Parkinson's disease.
Its most common cause is as a side effect of medications, mainly neuroleptic antipsychotics especially the phenothiazines (such as perphenazine and chlorpromazine), thioxanthenes (such as flupenthixol and zuclopenthixol) and butyrophenones (such as haloperidol (Haldol)), piperazines (such as ziprasidone), and, rarely, antidepressants.

Sibley-Monroe checklist 1

The Sibley-Monroe checklist was a landmark document in the study of birds conducted by Charles Sibley and Burt Monroe during the late 1970s and throughout the 1980s. It drew on extensive DNA-DNA hybridisation studies to reassess the relationships between modern birds.

There are species on the checklist.

Imperial House of Japan

The , also referred to as the "Imperial family", is made up of the extended family of the reigning Emperor of Japan.
In 1947, membership in the Imperial family was limited to the male line descendants of the Emperor Taishō, excluding females who marry outside the Imperial family.

Eleven branches of the Imperial House were removed in 1947.

Article 5 of the defines who is an official member of , including 

There are 17 members of the Imperial Family.

The Emperor Emeritus was born at the Imperial Palace in Tokyo on 23 December 1933, the elder son and sixth child of the Shōwa Emperor and Empress Kōjun. He was married on 10 April 1959 to Michiko Shōda. Emperor Akihito succeeded his father as emperor on 7 January 1989.
The Empress Emerita, formerly Michiko Shōda, was born in Tokyo on 24 October 1934, the eldest daughter of Hidesaburo Shōda, president and honorary chairman of Nisshin Flour Milling Inc..
The Prince Hitachi was born on 28 November 1935, the second son and seventh child of the Emperor Shôwa and Empress Kojun. His childhood title was Prince Yoshi. By getting the title Prince Hitachi, he started a new branch of the imperial family on 1 October 1964, the day after his wedding.
The Princess Hitachi was born on 19 July 1940, the daughter of former Count Yoshitaka Tsugaru. Prince and Princess Hitachi have no children.
The Princess Mikasa is the widow of The Prince Mikasa (born on 2 December 1915, died 27 October 2016), the fourth son of the Emperor Taishō and Empress Teimei, and a younger brother of Emperor Shōwa. The princess was born on 6 June 1923, the second daughter of Viscount Masanori Takagi. Prince and Princess Mikasa married 22 October 1941. They have two daughters and three sons.


The living former imperial princesses are:

Article 2 of the Constitution of Japan provides that "the Imperial Throne shall be dynastic and succeeded to in accordance with the Imperial Household Law passed by the Diet." 
The Imperial Household Law allows only males in the Japanese order of succession.



Anthony Minghella

Anthony Minghella (6 January 1954 – 18 March 2008) was a British movie director, producer and screenwriter of Italian ancestry. He was born in Ryde, Isle of Wight. His brother is screenwriter Dominic Minghella (born 1967). 

Minghella wrote and directed "Truly, Madly, Deeply"; he won a BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay. He wrote and directed "The English Patient"; he won a BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and an Academy Award for Best Director. He wrote and directed "The Talented Mr. Ripley" and "Cold Mountain".

Minghella had cancer of the tonsils and the neck. He died of a cerebral haemorrhage and from cancer complications in Charing Cross Hospital, west London, the week after an operation to remove the cancer. He had a son, actor Max (born 1985) and a daughter, Hannah.

United States Board on Geographic Names

The United States Board on Geographic Names (BGN) is a United States federal body whose purpose is to establish and maintain uniform usage of geographic names throughout the government of the United States.

The Board's purpose is to standardize -- not regulate -- US and foreign geographic names, including the names of geographical features underseas and in Antarctica.

The Board was created in 1890 by executive order of President Benjamin Harrison. The Board was given authority to resolve questions about geographic names.

In 1947, the Board was recreated by Congress in Public Law 80-242.

The Geographic Names Information System includes topographic map names and bibliographic references. The names of books and historic maps which confirm the feature or place name are cited. Variant names, alternatives to official federal names for a feature, are also recorded. 

Processes for standardizing non-US geographic names, Antarctic names and undersea features were developed.


 

Permanent Committee on Geographical Names

The Permanent Committee on Geographical Names (PCGN) is an independent government agency in the United Kingdom. Its function is to establish standard names for places outside the UK, but not including Antarctica. The decisions about names are for the use of the British government.
Permanent Committee on Geographical Names was established in 1919.

Over the years, the representative members have grown to include



Kikuō Hayashiya

On Shōten, he always wears a yellow kimono. He is known for making commonplace jokes and usually "plays the fool." He is a mood maker.

Kikuou is also famous for his side job, a chain of noodle shops named after him called "Kikuzō Ramen." (Kikuzō is his old name). On Shōten, he often advertises Kikuzō Ramen, but other members joke about it being very flavorless. Kikuzō Ramen is famous for its lack of flavor.


FIFA Confederations Cup

The FIFA Confederations Cup (formally known as the King Fahd Cup) was an Association football tournament for national teams held by FIFA. It was played with the winner of the FIFA confederation championships (UEFA, CONMEBOL, CONCACAF, CAF, AFC, OFC), as well as the FIFA World Cup holder and the host. The number of teams was eight. The tournament was regarded as an early step on the way to the FIFA World Cup.

Guard

Guard or guards may refer to:


Azuchi–Momoyama period

, also known as the , is the time from approximately 1573 to 1606 in history of Japan.

This period is called Azuchi-Momoyama because there were two great centers of power during this time. One was Oda Nobunaga's castle at Azuchi near Lake Biwa. The other was Toyotomi Hideyoshi's castle at Momoyama near Kyoto.


The times when Toyotomi grasped the government are called , and the culture that prospered mainly on this time is called .

A new merchant class grew in cities at this time. Consumption and luxurious culture had increased among the wealthy.

Trade with the West was influential Francisco Xavier visited Japan.

Mount Tate

Mount Tate is a mountain in the Mt. Tate range of the northern Hida Mountains (the north Alps). It is in the southeastern area of Toyama Prefecture. It is a general term for three peaks, Mt.O (altitude 3,003 m), Mt. Onanji (altitude 3,015 m), and Fujinooritate (altitude 2,999 m).

It is one of the mountains of Chūbu-Sangaku National Park with the dominant peak of the Tateyama mountain range. The Park was made on December 4, 1934.
It ranks with Mt. Tsurugi. They are some of the few mountains which have an existing glacier in Japan.

Kanazawa

It has been recognized as a core city since 1996.

During the Edo period, Kanazawa was the center of the Maeda clan.

Kanazawa has a big Japanese garden called Kenroku-en. Kenroku-en was made as a garden of the Kanazawa castle at the Edo period. It is regarded as one of the most famous gardens in Japan. 

Kanazawa is on the western coast of Honshu. It faces the Sea of Japan. 


Tackle

Tackle may refer to:


List of The Lion King characters

This is a list of characters from the movie series "The Lion King". The characters were made by The Walt Disney Company in 1994.

Simba is the main character of the series. He is a lion. In "The Lion King", he becomes King of Pride Rock. The character is voiced by Jonathan Taylor Thomas and Matthew Broderick. His name comes from the word for "lion" in Swahili.

Nala is Simba's childhood friend who later becomes his queen. She appears in "The Lion King", "" and "The Lion King 1½". Nala's mother is Sarafina. "Nala" means "gift" in Swahili.

Scar is the main villain in the movie. He was voiced by Jeremy Irons.

Pumbaa is a good-hearted warthog in the movie. He usually gossips with the other animals, but then flees with his tail held in the air when things get out of hand.
Mufasa was the king of the pride lands until he was brutally murdered by Scar.

Shangluo

Shangluo Municipality (, pinyin: Shāngluò Shì, formerly known as "商雒"), is a prefecture-level city in Shaanxi, China. It is in the southeast part of Shannxi. Shangluo covers . As of November 2010, 2,341,742 people lived here. The place is based on farming, forestry, Chinese herbology and gold mining.

Shangluo is divided into 7 municipalities:


Directorate General for Civil Aviation (France)

The Directorate General for Civil Aviation (, DGAC) is the French civil aviation authority. It is located in Paris.

In 2013, DGAC starts with the ENAC the consulting company France Aviation Civile Services.



Pope Alexander VI

Pope Alexander VI (; 1431–1503), born Rodrigo Lanzol y Borja, was an Spanish cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 215th Pope from 1492 to 1503. 

In 1431, Lanzol y Borja born in Xàtiva, which is near Valencia in Spain. His father was Jofre Lançol. His mother was Isabella Borgia, who was a sister of Cardinal Alfonso Borgia, who later became Pope Callixtus III.

He was adopted into the immediate family of Pope Callixtus; and was known afterwards as Rodrigo Borgia.
In 1456, he was made Cardinal.

Cardinal Borgia was elected pope on August 11, 1492; and he took the name of Alexander VI.

Pope Alexander is known for writing "Inter Caetera" in 1493. In this papal decree, Alexander decided that some parts of South America would be Spanish or and some parts would be Portuguese.



Exotic pet

A exotic pet is a rare or unusual animal which is kept as a pet. It is kept in human households but is relatively unusual or usually thought of as a wild animal rather than as a pet.

"Exotic" often refers to a species which is not native (indigenous) to where the owner lives, or an animal that isn't typically kept as a pet (unlike cats or dogs). "Pet" is a companion animal living with people.

A wide variety of animals have been kept as pets. Below is a list of some animals that are kept in captivity at home and are thought to be "exotic". Where examples are provided within a category, the examples are the animals that are "relatively commonly" kept as pets in captivity at home within that category (although mice and parakeets may not really be considered very "exotic").



Abe's salamander

The Abe's salamander ("Hynobius abei") is a species of salamander. They are in the Hynobiidae family. They live in Japan. They live in forests, freshwater marshes, and freshwater springs. Their population is declining because of habitat loss. The IUCN lists the species as critically endangered.

Yanta District

Yanta District (, pinyin:Yàntǎ Qū, meaning "Wild goose Tower District") is a District of Xi'an, it's in southern part of Xi'an. Area of it is 151.44km, and as of November 2010, 1,178,529 people live in here. The name of Yanta District is come from Big Wild Goose Tower, a tower that builded in 652 A.D. It's famous in culture and tour. The district have many university.

In September 1954, Yanta District was set up. It was merge from Xi'an No.9 District, a part of Chang'an County, a part of Weiqu District and some other place.

In May 1960, some part of Xincheng District, Lianhu District and Beilin District was merged to Yanta District. But that was revoked in April 1962.

In September 1965, Yanta District was changed to Xi'an suburb toghter with Weiyang District, original Epang District and some other place. It's revoked in February 1980.

Yanta District is divided to 8 part:


Leslie Nielsen

Leslie Nielsen (February 11, 1926 – November 28, 2010) was a Canadian actor and comedian. His television roles include "Forbidden Planet" and "Police Squad!". His movie roles include "Airplane!" and "The Naked Gun" trilogy: "", "" and "".

Nielsen was born in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. He died of pneumonia in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Forbidden Planet

Forbidden Planet is a 1956 American science fiction movie set in the 23rd century. It was written by Cyril Hume, directed by Fred M. Wilcox and produced by Nicholas Nayfack. It stars Walter Pidgeon, Anne Francis and Leslie Nielsen. The storyline is an obvious take of Shakespeare's "The Tempest".

Flux (software)

Flux was a software program that could create and display 3D images. Flux existed as a plug-in for web browsers like Internet Explorer and as an installable computer program.


Leatherback sea turtle

The leatherback sea turtle is the largest of all living sea turtles. It is the fourth largest modern reptile behind three crocodilians.

Adults average in shell length, in total length and weigh . The largest ever found was over from head to tail and weighed . It was found on a beach on the west coast of Wales.

The eggs and young are often eaten by predators, but the adults can defend themselves aggressively. Only the largest sea predators can tackle a leatherback successfully.

Leatherback turtles are one of the deepest diving marine animals. They have been recorded diving to depths as great as .

They are also the fastest-moving reptiles. The 1992 edition of the Guinness Book of World Records lists the leatherback turtle moving at in the water.
Usually, they swim at .

They can live as far north as Alaska and Norway and as far south as the Cape of Good Hope in Africa and the southernmost tip of New Zealand. The leatherback is found in all tropical and subtropical oceans, and it also goes well into the Arctic Circle.

Very little is known about how long they live. Some reports say "30 years or more", while others say "50 years or more".

Takahito, Prince Mikasa

Prince Takahito was the fourth and youngest son of Emperor Taishō and Empress Teimei. He was the brother of Emperor Shōwa, who was the father of the current emperor.

The prince's childhood title was "Sumi-no-miya". He attended the Gakushūin Peers' School from 1922 to 1932.

The prince attended the Imperial Japanese Army Academy from 1932 to 1936. He graduated from the Army Staff College.

In 1935, Emperor Shōwa gave him the title "Mikasa-no-miya" (Prince Mikasa). He was given permission to form a new branch of the Imperial family.

Prince Mikasa served in the army from 1937 to 1947.

He was an officer in China. He served at Army Headquarters during the Second World War.

Prince Mikasa died of cardiac arrest after being treated for pneumonia at a hospital in Tokyo at the age of 100.




Toronto Zoo

The Toronto Zoo is a zoo in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. With , the Toronto Zoo is the largest zoo in Canada.

It is in seven geographic regions: Indo-Malaya, Africa, Americas, Tundra Trek, Australasia, Eurasia and the Canadian Domain. Some animals are indoors in tropical settings. Some are outdoors in what would be their normal environments. It also has areas such as the Kids Zoo, Waterside Theatre and Splash Island. The zoo is currently home to over 16,000 animals. There are over 491 species.

In April 2012 the zoo is not in the Association of Zoos and Aquariums. It sent three elephants to a place that is not okayed by the AZA. The zoo can ask to be back in the AZA in March 2013.

Oliver Reed

Robert Oliver Reed (13 February 1938 – 2 May 1999) was a British actor. He was born in Wimbledon, Surrey. He was a nephew of movie director Sir Carol Reed (1906-1976) and grandson of actor and theatre manager Herbert Beerbohm Tree (1852-1917).

Reed's starred in many movies, including: "Women in Love", "The Devils", "The Three Musketeers", "Tommy", "Castaway" ,"Gladiator"and "Treasure island"

Reed was an alcoholic. He died of a heart attack in Valletta, Malta.

Immaculate antbird

The immaculate antbird ("Myrmeciza immaculata"), also known as the blue-lored antbird, is a species of antbird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in forests in Costa Rica, Panama, western and northern Colombia, western Venezuela, and western Ecuador. The species eats insects, and usually follows swarms of army ants to catch prey. However, it may sometimes find its prey away from the swarms.


Triton (mythology)

Triton was the son of Poseidon, the sea god, in Greek mythology. He acted as Poseidon's messenger. He had the ability to make the seas calm by blowing on a conch shell. He is shown in Greek art as having the body of a man and a fish tail, like a mermaid. Sometimes he is shown with arms like the claws of a crab, at other times he has arms like a horse's legs. He lived in a golden palace at the bottom of the ocean.

Sometimes Triton was shown as being many people, known as Tritones.

The planet Neptune's moon, Triton, was named after the god.

Xincheng District

Xincheng District (, pinyin:Xīnchéng Qū, meaning: New City District), is a district of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China, and it's in middle-eastern of Xi'an. Shaanxi government is in here. Its name is from Xincheng Square. As of November 2011, 589,739 people live in here. Area of Xincheng District is 30.13 km.

Beilin District

Beilin District (, pinyin:Bēilín Qū) is a district of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It's in center of Xi'an. Its name comes from Stele Forest (碑林, Beilin). Area of the district is 264.41 km and as of November 2010, 806,811 live in here. The district is famous in tour.

Monte Hermoso

Monte Hermoso is a town on the Atlantic coast of Argentina. It is about east of the city of Bahía Blanca. It is in the south of the Province of Buenos Aires. It is the capital of the partido of Monte Hermoso.

The tallest lighthouse in South America is nearby. It is called "Faro Recalada a Bahia Blanca". It is high. 

Pope Callixtus III

Pope Callixtus III (; December 31, 1378–August 6, 1458), born Alfonso de Borja, was an Spanish official of the Roman Catholic Church and the 210th Pope from April 8, 1455 until his death.

Borja was born near Valencia on December 31, 1378.

Martin V named Borja bishop of Valencia in 1429.

In 1444, Eugene IV made Borja or "Borgia" a cardinal.

After Nicholas V died, Cardinal Borgia was elected pope on April 8, 1455. He chose to be called Callixtus III.

In 1456, Callixtus authorized a review of the trial of Joan of Arc; and she was found innocent.



Gilbert and Sullivan

Gilbert and Sullivan were two men who worked together during the late 19th century to write fourteen well known comic operas. W.S. Gilbert wrote the words to the operas, while Arthur Sullivan was the composer who wrote the music.

Gilbert and Sullivan introduced innovations in content and form that influenced the development of musical theatre in the 20th century. The operas have also influenced political discourse, literature, film and television. Their operas are still commonly performed today, and some have been turned into movies. Many of the operas are very funny, and the songs are often parodied.

Producer Richard D'Oyly Carte brought Gilbert and Sullivan together and helped their collaboration. He built the Savoy Theatre in 1881 to present their joint works, and founded the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, which performed and promoted their works for over a century.


Folies Bergère

The Folies Bergère is a nightclub in Paris which opened in 1869 as a music hall. It was at the height of its fame and popularity from the 1890s until the Second World War. It is still in business.

It opened on 2 May 1869 as the Folies Trévise, offering operettas, comic opera, popular songs, and gymnastics. It became the "Folies Bergère" on 13 September 1872, named after a nearby street, the rue Bergère. 

In 1882, Édouard Manet painted the famous "A Bar at the Folies-Bergère".

In 1886, Édouard Marchand thought up a new type of entertainment for the "Folies Bergère": the music-hall review. Women would be the heart of Marchand's concept for the "Folies". In the early 1890s, the American dancer Loïe Fuller starred at the "Folies Bergère". In 1902, illness forced Marchand to leave after 16 years.

In 1918, Paul Derval (1880–1966) made his mark on the review. His reviews were to feature extravagant costumes, sets and effects, and his "small nude women". Derval's small nude women would become the hallmark of the "Folies". During his 48 years at the Folies, he launched the careers of many French stars including Maurice Chevalier, Mistinguett, Josephine Baker, Fernandel and many others.

Many famous entertainers have performed at the "Folies Bergère":

Metal Max

Like other Japanese RPGs, players use characters travel in destroyed feature world, find items to strong themselves, and battle with enemys to get money. In games, player can find and get tanks, tanks are powerful and can protect characters. Player can find tank in different place by searching, bought by money or made by NPCs. In battle, human characters can attact by themselves or using tanks, while all character's health points equals 0, battle was lost.

Tank has 6 parts: cannon (main gun), machine gun (sub gun), special equipments, chassis, engine, and control system. Using weapon can attack enemy, and the others can keep tank running normally. Tank was covered by armors, if tank was attacked, armors might be lost, than it will broken easily. If tank broken heavily, it wouldn't move or protect character, and it must need to be fixed.

First game of series was released in 1991 when "Dragon Quest" was popular in Japan, developer said for public that it's boring for battle with dragons, play human with tanks RPG -- "Metal Max". In 1993, "Metal Max 2" was released, it was sold 280,000 copies. And in 1995, the first of series was remade.

In the end of 1990s, original publisher Data East run not good, some game want to be publisher but not success. Finally, Data East got bankrupt in 2003, and "Metal Max" belongs to the one who don't work for video games.

Since 2005, Success company published a game as title "Metal Saga". In 2009, Enterbrain get the original treadmark, and "Metal Max 3" was published in 2010 by Kadokawa Games.


Anna Paquin

Anna Helene Paquin (born 24 July 1982) is a Canadian-New Zealand movie actress. She was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba to a French Canadian father and New Zealand mother. She won Academy Awards for "The Piano" at age 11 in 1994. She also performed in movies related to the "X-Men" franchise.

Paquin is openly bisexual.

Panathinaiko Stadium

The Panathinaiko Stadium is a stadium in Athens, Greece. The Olympic Games of 1896 and 2004 were held here. The London 2012 Olympics started here.

It is the only major stadium in the world built entirely of white marble. It is also one of the oldest in the world.

Dayak people

The Dayak are the native ethnic group of Borneo. There is no Dayak culture, because the word is used for many different groups of people. Dayak live on the island of Borneo, that is either in Brunei, Indonesia or Malaysia. Originally, the Dayak had their own religions, which were a mix of animism and shamanism. In the 20th century, many Dayak converted to either Christianity or Islam. Some didn't, and they call their religion Kaharingan. For reasons of classifying, Kaharingan has been made a form of Hinduism. 

Positive-definite matrix

A positive-definite matrix is a matrix with special properties. The definition of the term is best understood for square matrices that are symmetrical, also known as Hermitian matrices. 

A square matrix filled with real numbers is positive definite if it can be multiplied by any non-zero vector and its transpose and be greater than zero. The vector chosen must be filled with real numbers.

when the entries "z", "z" are real and at least one of them nonzero, this is positive. This proves that the matrix formula_4 is positive-definite.

Transpose

The transpose of a matrix A is another matrix where the rows of A are written as columns. Vectors can be transposed in the same way. We can write the transpose of A using different symbols such as A, A′ A and A. 

Here is the vector formula_1 being transposed:

Here are a few matrices being transposed:



Given two matrices A and B, the following properties related to the transpose are true:



UEFA Euro 2012 Group B

Group B of the UEFA Euro 2012 began on June 9, 2012 and ended on June 17, 2012. The group had the teams of Denmark, Germany, Netherlands and Portugal. Germany and Portugal went to the quarter-finals. The group was named the "Group of death," because the teams were in the top 10 in the FIFA World Rankings at the start of the games.



Pope Callixtus

Pope Callixtus has been the papal name of three popes of the Roman Catholic Church.


Hazara people

Hazāra () are a Persian-speaking people group who mainly live in central Afghanistan and in southwestern Pakistan. They are mostly Muslims with a Shia majority and a Sunni minority. Hazaras are the third largest ethnic group in Afghanistan, forming about 18% (according to other sources up to 30%) of the total population. Over a million Hazaras live in neighboring Pakistan, native to the region of Quetta (Northern Balochistan). Some Hazaras live in Iran. In the urban areas, like Kabul and Herat, they speak the Dari variant of Persian. In the more rural areas, thry mostly speak a dialect known as Hazaragi. 




Dick Bertell

Dick Bertell (21 November 1935 – 20 December 1999) was a Major League Baseball player for the Chicago Cubs and the San Francisco Giants. He was a catcher. He was in the 1962 all-star game.

Emily Blunt

Emily Olivia Laura Blunt (born 23 February 1983) is a British and American actress. She has received nominations for an Academy Award and four British Academy Film Awards, and won a Golden Globe Award and two Screen Actors Guild Awards. She began acting professionally in 2001 in theater, and made her movie debut in 2004's "My Summer of Love".

Blunt's television roles include the title character "Gideon's Daughter", for which she won a Golden Globe Award. Her movie roles include Emily Charlton in "The Devil Wears Prada", the title role of Queen Victoria in "The Young Victoria" and Elise Sellas in "The Adjustment Bureau".

Blunt married actor John Krasinski on 10 July 2010. The couple have two daughters, born in 2014 and 2016. Blunt became a dual British-American citizen in 2015. 

In 2018, Blunt starred alongside her husband in the 2018 horror movie "A Quiet Place". She starred as Mary Poppins in the 2018 Disney fantasy movie "Mary Poppins Returns".

In 2023, she starred as Katherine Oppenheimer, wife of J. Robert Oppenheimer, in Christopher Nolan's 2023 movie "Oppenheimer".

Dwight Schrute

Dwight Kurt Schrute III (; born January 20, 1968) is a character on "The Office" played by Rainn Wilson. He is one of the highest-ranking salesmen as well as assistant to the regional manager (disputed) at the paper company Dunder Mifflin. 

Schrute is known for his lack of social skills and common sense, his love for martial arts and the justice system, and his office rivalry with fellow salesman Jim Halpert. He is also known for his romantic relationship with Angela. 

Dwight was also the Vice President of Special Projects Development for the Sabre Corporation, but was soon replaced by Todd Packer, who was almost immediately terminated. In the final season, Dwight is finally offered the position of permanent Regional Manager.

Pogo stick

A pogo stick is a type of hopping device that holds one person. It works by jumping off the ground in a standing position with the help of a spring. It is used as a toy or exercise equipment.

Alan Dershowitz

Alan Morton Dershowitz (born September 1, 1938) is an American lawyer, professor, and political commentator who is Jewish. He has spent most of his career at Harvard Law School, where he became the youngest full professor of law in its history in 1967, at the age of 28. He has held the Felix Frankfurter professorship there since 1993. He was born in Brooklyn.

Dershowitz is known for his role in several important legal cases and as a commentator on the Arab–Israeli conflict. As a criminal lawyer, he has won 13 of the 15 murder and attempted murder cases he has handled, and has represented many celebrity clients, such as Mike Tyson, Patty Hearst, Jeffrey Epstein and Jim Bakker. His most famous cases include his role in 1984 in overturning the conviction of Claus von Bülow for the attempted murder of his wife, Sunny, and as the appellate adviser for the defense in the trial of O.J. Simpson in 1995. In 2020, he was hired by President Donald Trump to defend him during his impeachment trial.

He is a political liberal, and has written several books on politics and law, including "Reversal of Fortune: Inside the von Bülow Case" (1985), the basis of the 1990 film; "Chutzpah" (1991); "Reasonable Doubts: The Criminal Justice System and the O.J. Simpson Case" (1996); "The Case for Israel" (2003); "Rights From Wrongs: A Secular Theory of the Origins of Rights" (2004) and "The Case for Peace" (2005).

He is also a writer (guest columnist/blogger) for The Huffington Post.

Temple of Zeus at Olympia

The Temple of Zeus is a Doric temple in the sanctuary at Olympia, Greece. Olympia was the site of the ancient Olympic Games. The temple is a ruin. It was dedicated to Zeus, the principal god of the Ancient Greeks. This temple was the most important and most impressive structure at Olympia. 

The temple was built between 470 BC and 456 BC. Local limestone was the chief material used. The roof tiles, the gargoyles, and the sculptures were made of marble. The temple measured 64.12 meters by 27.66 meters. It was 20.25 meters high. The temple had six columns at the ends and thirteen columns along both sides. The height of each column was 10.45 meters.

A ramp at the eastern end led to the "prodomos". The table holding the Olympic wreaths stood to the right. The crowning of the victors took place on the last day at this spot. 

The sculptures of the east pediment depicted the story of Pelops and Hippodameia. This story is about the first chariot races. The sculptures of the west pediment depicted the story of the Centaurs and the Lapiths. This story is about the contest between barbarity and civilization. There were six metopes over the front porch and six over the back porch. They depicted the Labors of Heracles.

The temple once contained Phidias' "Statue of Zeus", one of the seven wonders of the ancient world. The fate of the statue is unknown. It may have been taken to Constantinople where it was probably destroyed in the fire of 475 AD. Or, it may have been destroyed in the fire at Olympia in 426 AD. Phidias' workshop was discovered at Olympia in 1954.

Statue bases cover the area around the temple. These bases held statues of gods, heroes, and Olympic victors. They were dedicated by individuals and cities. The sacred olive from which the Olympic wreaths were cut stood on the west side of the temple. Earthquakes destroyed it in 522 AD and in 551. 


Heraia

The Heraia were footraces held in honor of the goddess Hera in Olympia, Greece since early ancient times. The races were said to have been created by Hippodameia in gratitude for her marriage to Pelops. 

Only virgins from Elis, Greece competed. They wore a short tunic that fell just above the knees. The right shoulder was bare to the breast. Competitors ran only about 160 meters in the stadium of Olympia. This was somewhat short of the stadium's complete length. 

The judges were 16 Eleian women. Every four years, they wove Hera's sacred "peplos" (dress), and took it to her Temple. The judges had two special dances: the Hippodameia and the Physkoa. The latter was dedicated to a local nymph with whom Dionysos fell in love. 

Winners of the race received an olive branch wreath and a portion of the cow's meat sacrificed to Hera. They had the right to dedicate their statues to the Temple of Hera. The Heraia was not held during the years of the men's Olympic Games. About two years separated the events.

Commission (remuneration)

Commission is the payment of extra on top of a salary. Commission is generally found in sales work where a salesman obtains part of the total sale as extra wage.

Golden Sun: Dark Dawn

Golden Sun: Dark Dawn, known as Ōgon no Taiyō: Shikkokunaru Yoake (黃金の太陽 漆黒なる夜明け) in Japan, is a fantasy role-playing video game for Nintendo DS. It's developed by Camelot and published by Nintendo. First shown "Dark Dawn"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s official games was in E3 2010. Game was released in October 28, 2010 in Japan and in November 29, 2010 in North America; It is 8 years since the previous game, Game Boy Advance game "", was released.

The game picks up 30 years after the first two games of the series. The main characters are the children of the character in the previous game. In the game, player will control Matthew and his friends to fix the "soarwing".

Like its predecessors, "Dark Dawn" similay as the traditional role-playing video game. In game, players control characters travel in fantasy-themed world, chat with other characters, battle with monsters, learning powerful magic spells, finding equipment, and take part in a building, do given tasks. Unlike the previous games, some locations don't allowed return once player left. One change of game is the encyclopedia system. For players who don't familiar with the plot of the first two games, the encyclopedia explains location, role and other words.

Much of the time are not spend in battle, instead, it takes place either in the game's overworld or solve puzzle for dungeons, caves, and other locales. Like "The Lost Age", "Dark Dawn" have a ship that can help player across a large sea, visiting continents and islands. To solve puzzles or complete the tasks, player usually need to use magic spells that named Psynergy, besides, player also has to find items that can teach character new Psynergy.

Unlike many role-playing video games that magiac can only use as attack or defending in battle, Psynergy spells are also have important usage for solve puzzles and searching. While some Psynergy can only be used in battle, some are only used in the game's overworld and in non-battle place. Instead, some Psynergy can also be used for both situations; for example, the “Cold Snap” ability can be used to attack enemies in battle, or changed water to ice as part of a puzzle. While using Psynergy in non-battle place, a light ring appears around the character and players can decide the direction of the ability by using the touch screen or buttons. Psynergy comes in four elements: Venus (rocks and plants), Mars (fire and heat), Jupiter (wind and electricity), and Mercury (water and ice). The player gains more and more Psynergy spells as the game progresses, either through levelling up or acquiring and equipping, or using special items, and with each "utility" Psynergy spell the party gains access to more locations and secrets hidden within the game world.

"Dark Dawn" have two kinds of battle: random monster encounters and battles which BOSS that can advance the story. Battles take place on the lower screen of DS, enemy party and player's party are shown face to face. During battle, the camera rotates around the characters and backgrounds in 3D, unlike the pseudo 3D effect used in the previous games. The upper screen is used to view characters' stats and Djinni information.

In battle, the player is required to defeat all the enemies by attacks with weapons, using Psynergy spells, or other ways. At the same time, player needs to keep his or her own party alive by using items and supportive Psynergy that heal and support. If all the player's characters are defeated by losing all their hit points, the party is returned to the last village that the player visited, and the player loses some money. A battle victory, players will get experience points, coins, and sometimes can get special items.

One of the most special feature in "Dark Dawn" is the Djinn system, where the player collects and cortrols elemental product called Djinn (singular: "Djinni"), and "Dark Dawn" use some Djinn that appeared in previous games. They can be found in different place of the game. Each element have 18 Djinn, so 4 elements Djinn have 72 totally, and any character can have each one. Different Djinn can changed different character's classes differently, that besides hit points, Psynergy points, general stats, and Psynergy that character could use.

Once Djinn got, player can decide which character get it. Each Djinn have three modes: Set, Standby, or Recovery. When a Djinni is Set, that Djinni will change character's class, stats and Psynergy. Psynergy that who can used is depending on both the character's and the Djinni's element. In combat, player use character's set Djinni during that character's turn. Each Djinni has its own special effect when called upon during combat. These effects include attacking, buffing or debuffing, healing and many other effects. After using a Djinni, it goes into Standby mode. While on Standby, Djinn can't affect character class, but can be used for Summoning, where the player summons a powerful elemental spirit. This is the game's most powerful way of attacking, and also the riskiest. As it requires Djinn to be on standby, it woulden't strong a character like set Djinni. Once a Djinni on Standby has been used for a Summon Sequence, it spends some turns recovering before it restores itself to Set mode on a character. There are 30 Summon Sequences in "Dark Dawn"; 16 from the first game can be used alongside, 13 multi-elemental sequences introduced in "The Lost Age", and 1 new sequence in "Dark Dawn". Each of these must be earned individually; they are usually find in dungeons that not must to visit.

In "Dark Dawn", 83 Djinn are introduced. 72 Djinn are obtainable by the player, and 11 are only apper in the plot that can't really got. Djinn allow for a large array of possible class setups for all eight playable characters. This allows for a large kind of combat ways.

In the past of Weyard, Alchemy was used for developing culture. However, use Alchemy as a wrong way would destroy the world, so Alchemy was sealed in Mount Aleph. In the beginning of first game, Alchemy was released, so a group of heroes travel to reseal Alchemy. In the second game, it is find that without Alchemy, the ancient culture began to lost, and the world will disapper without the powers of Alchemy. In the predecessors, Isaac and Felix let Alchemy return to the world. The story of "Dark Dawn" begins thirty years after the end of "The Lost Age". Due to Isaac and the others bringing the power of the Golden Sun to Weyard, continents have moved, new countries have set up, and new species have appeared. However, Psynergy Vortexes, which take the elemental Psynergy from both the earth and the Adepts (who can control Alchemy), are appearing all over Weyard.

In "Golden Sun: Dark Dawn", player can control eight characters totally. Venus Adept captain Matthew is the son of Isaac and Jenna, he is silent but strong-willed. Mars Adept Tyrell is son of Garet, though he likes to play tricks, he is the best friend of Matthew. Wind Adept Karis is the daughter of Ivan, usually visits and plays with Matthew and Tyrell who live in Lookout Cabin. Mercury Adept Rief is the son of Mia, he is travelling with tutor Kraden. Mercury Adept Amiti is the prince of Ayuthay and his lot is a mystery. Beastman Sveta is the sister of the ruler of Morgal, she can incarnat a beastman to protect friends in a battle. Mars Adept Eoleo is the son of Briggs, he also appeared in "The Lost Age" and now he is a pirate. Venus Adept Himi is the daughter of Susa, who is a seer with powerful Psynergy. Blados and Chalis are from Tuaparang, a mysterious country where they have science and military power, and a masked man named Arcanus actions with them together.

The story of "Dark Dawn" begins thirty years after the conclusion of "The Lost Age". Due to Isaac and the others bringing the power of the Golden Sun to Weyard, continents have changed, new countries was set up, and new species have appeared. However, Psynergy Vortexes, which absorb the elemental Psynergy from both the land and the power-wielding Adepts, are appearing all over Weyard. The children of the previous games' heroes – Matthew, Karis, and Tyrell – set out to solve the mystery of the vortexes, and cross a world that is succumbing to a new evil.

Tyrell destroyed soarwing that made by Ivan, so Isaac sends him out with Matthew and Karis to find a feather of the Mountain Roc to make a new one. Along the way, they met the bad person Blados, Chalis, and Arcanus. After Rief left Kraden and his sister Nowell, he joins Matthew's party to meet Kraden. After making two Alchemy Machines (a Forge and a Well) running they come to the country of Morgal, where beastmen live. They get the Roc feather quickly, however, they were tricked into activating the Luna Tower, the Grave Eclipse cover much parts of earth and takes death and pains. The children then fight to end the eclipse by activating Apollo's Lens, an alchemy machine powered by the Alchemy Forge and Alchemy Well. For this, they and defeating Blados, Chalis and a dark monster who changed by Sveta's brother. After activating the Apollo's lens and stopping the Grave Eclipse, they and new friends return to their own homes. However, when they return to the home, a unusually large Psynergy Vortex greeting them.

After previous "Golden Sun: The Lost Age" was released in 2003, there are many players talk about a third entry in the "Golden Sun" series. In 2003, developer Camelot said "the current status of a third game ... is still up in the air". In a 2004 interview about the studio's founding brothers Hiroyuki and Shugo Takahashi, they said the first two games is for "prologues to the real event yet to come". At this time, someone said third title might pubilshed on the Nintendo GameCube.

Due to less update information about new game, there were some hoaxes. One of hoax is a Nintendo DS game called "Golden Sun: The Solar Soothsayer", which said that would shown at a small pre-E3 2007 shown. Official said this information is no really, and the hoax's author explain that he wants to make more talks for new game.

There are also many talks about the third "Golden Sun" title. In October 2007, Takahashi brothers said they still wanted to and "have to" make a third game, and Nintendo also asked them to make another. They said they just wished to give the title time to developing, so they didn't make a game now. In April 2008, "Nintendo Power" magazine interviewed Shugo Takahashi on one of his latest games. When they asked about a third "Golden Sun", Takahashi replied "A new "Golden Sun"? Well, I personally think that I want to play a new RPG, too..."

"Golden Sun DS" was finally announced during Nintendo's press conference at E3 2009, with a release date set for the 2010 holiday season. Media shows that elemental Djinn (likely it previous, earth, fire, wind, and water, also refer to Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Mercury) and certain summons will return from the previous games in the series. At E3 2010, the title's name was public as "Golden Sun: Dark Dawn" and a playable demo was made available to who join E3.

"Golden Sun: Dark Dawn" had mixed reviews from critics. It is ranked 79% on Metacritic and 80% on GameRankings. The game was not as well received as its predecessors: "Golden Sun" received a 91% and a 90% on Metacritic and GameRankings, and "The Lost Age" received an 86% and an 87%.

Reviews usually praise the game's graphics and Djinni system. While "GameSpot" said "the visuals have brought the 2D world of the GBA games into full 3D on the DS to good effect", 1UP.com praises the game's battle graphics are "vivid [and] never grow tedious or overblown". GamesRadar said the game's unusual Djinni system let "veteran RPG players won't be bored with the gameplay". "Game Revolution" praises the game's puzzle setting like its predecessor that "are rarely very difficult, but the sense of satisfaction you get after grabbing your elusive reward is still like crack for the exploratory player". Besides, the game's encyclopedia system can let a new player get familiar with the previous games, gaming blog "Kotaku" said it's "extremely newbie friendly".

Criticism of the game is that battle is easy and cut-scenes dialogue is too long. "Game Revolution" said battle can "[use] the Djinn and subsequently summoning monsters ... pound on your enemies with attacks instead". 1UP.com said the game's long dialogue is just like its predecessors that "heroes and villains have an uncanny knack for saying incredibly simple things with about three or four times the words they actually need to convey those ideas". This entry adds a emotion system that can silence other characters' replies, however, reviews think it's unnecessary and can't really effect plot.

According to Media Create, 46,516 copies were sold in Japan in first four days.

Farad

A farad is a unit of measurement used in electronics. It is used for capacitance, which is the ability to store electric charge. The unit is named after the English physicist Michael Faraday. The different sizes of farad are: farads (F), millifarads (mF), microfarads (μF), nanofarads (nF) or picofarads (pF). The farad is a large unit of capacitance. Typical devices in electronics have capacitances ranging from microfarads to picofarads. Some supercapacitors have more than one farad.

Jacme Taupiac

Jacme Taupiac (born 12 February 1939) is an Occitan author and linguist. He was one of the leaders of the Institut d'Estudis Occitans. He also modernized the Occitan grammar of Alibèrt and promoted the linguistic normalization of Val d'Aran. He is also a recognized Esperantist.


Amp

Amp or AMP may be:






Intensive farming

Intensive farming or intensive agriculture is a kind of farming where a lot of money and labour are used to increase the yield that can be obtained per area of land. The use of large amounts of pesticides for crops, and of medication for animal livestocks is common. This is a contrast to traditional agriculture, which does not get as much output per area. When agriculture is intensified, this means that the amount of work needed goes up, until the worker is replaced by a machine. At that point, there will only need to be a few workers to operate the machines. Intensive farming has often been done as a response to rising population levels. It is criticised, because the standards of animal welfare are low. Intensive animal farming leads to increased pollution and to health issues.

Modern day forms of intensive crop based agriculture involve the use of mechanical ploughing, chemical fertilizers, plant growth regulators or pesticides. It is associated with the increasing use of agricultural mechanization, which have enabled a substantial increase in production, yet have also dramatically increased environmental pollution by increasing erosion and poisoning water with agricultural chemicals.

Agricultural development in Britain between the 16th century and the mid-19th century saw a massive increase in agricultural productivity and output. This in turn contributed to increase in population growth.

Industrial agriculture arose in the Industrial Revolution. By the early 19th century, agricultural techniques, implements, seed stocks, and cultivars had improved so much.

Horse-drawn machinery such as the McCormick reaper improved harvesting. Inventions such as the cotton gin reduced the cost of processing. During this same period, farmers began to use threshers and tractors that were powered with steam. In 1892, the first gasoline-powered tractor was successfully made. Mechanical harvesters, planters, transplanters, and other equipment were then developed, further improved agriculture. These inventions increased yields and allowed individual farmers to manage larger farms.

Nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium (NPK) were discovered to be very important in plant growth. This led to the manufacture of synthetic fertilizers, further increasing crop yields.

The discovery of vitamins and their role in nutrition, in the first two decades of the 20th century, led to vitamin supplements, which in the 1920s allowed some livestock to be raised indoors, reducing their exposure to adverse natural elements.

Following World War II synthetic fertilizer use increased rapidly.

The discovery of antibiotics and vaccines improved the raising of livestock by reducing diseases. Developments in refrigeration as well as food processing technology made it possible to transport goods over long distances.

There are concerns over the sustainability of industrial agriculture, and the environmental effects of fertilizers and pesticides. This has led to people buying organic food. It has also led to the funding for the development of sustainable technology.

Intensive farming has many characteristics. They include:


Mount Ashitaka

Mount Ashitaka erupted in the mid-Pleistocene epoch. It last erupted about 100,000 years ago. It is an extinct volcano.


Christopher Hill

John Edward Christopher Hill (6 February 1912 – 24 February 2003), usually known simply as Christopher Hill, was an English Marxist historian and author of textbooks.

Hill was born into a prosperous middle class family of Methodists in York. His father was a solicitor. He attended St Peter's School, York. When he sat his entrance examination at Balliol College, Oxford, The two history tutors from Balliol College, recognised his ability and offred him a place to forestall any chance he might go to Cambridge.

Before he went to Oxford in 1931, Hill had a prolonged holiday in Freiburg, Germany, Where he witnessed the rise of the Nazi Party; he later said it contributed significantly to the radicalisation of his politics.

He died of cerebral atrophy in Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire.

Laurean Rugambwa

Laurean Rugambwa (July 12, 1912 – December 8, 1997) was a Tanzanian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He is known as the first cardinal from sub-Saharan Africa. Laurean Rugambwa was born in Bukongo, Tanganyika (modern Tanzania). He became a priest in 1943. In Rome, he studied Canon law at the Pontifical Urban College.

In the early 1950s, Rugambwa became a bishop. He was the first Tanzanian bishop. Rugambwa was made a cardinal by Pope John XXIII in 1960.

Cardinal Rugambwa participated in the Second Vatican Council from 1962 to 1965.


Rufino Santos

Rufino Jiao Santos (August 26, 1908 – September 3, 1973) was a Filipino priest of the Roman Catholic Church. He is known as the first Filipino Cardinal. 

Rufino Santos was born in Guagua, Pampanga. Santos studied at San Carlos Seminary from 1921 to 1927. He also studied at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome.

Santos became a priest in 1931. He was ordained at the Basilica of Saint John Lateran in Rome. 

Santos became a bishop in 1947. He was made archbishop of Manila on March 25, 1953. 

Repairs and renovation of Manila Cathedral were completed in 1958.

Pope John XXIII made Santos a cardinal on March 28, 1960. 

In 1970, Cardinal Santos was host for Pope Paul VI when he visited the Philippines. 


Temple of Hera at Olympia

The Temple of Hera ("Heraion") is a temple dedicated to Hera, the Greek goddess of marriage. She was the wife of Zeus, the greatest of the Greek gods. The temple was built about 600 BC at Olympia, Greece. It is one of the oldest temples in Greece. It measures 50 meters by 18.75 meters. It was about 7.80 meters high. It had six Doric columns at either end and sixteen Doric columns on each side. The columns were originally made of wood, but were replaced with limestone at different times. The temple was destroyed by an earthquake in the early 4th century AD. It was not repaired.

A statue of Hera was seated on a throne at the eastern end of the cella. A stone head that may be Hera survives. Next to Hera stood a statue of Zeus dressed as a warrior. The famous statue of "Hermes and the Infant Dionysos" of Praxiteles was kept in the temple. At the western end of the temple was kept the table that held the wreaths for the victors of the Olympic Games. Other valuable items were also kept at the western end.

Winners of the ancient all-female "Heraia" had the right to dedicate their statues to the temple. It was at these footraces that the statue of Hera was dressed every four years in a robe made by the women of Elis. The modern Olympic Flame is lit at the Altar of Hera which stands to the east of the temple. The German Archaeological Institute restored some of the columns in the late 20th century as well as the great circular akroterion of the temple. The akroterion is displayed in the Olympia museum. 

List of Big Time Rush episodes

"Big Time Rush", (also known as "BTR"), is a television series that airs on the Nickelodeon network. It is about four Minnesota teenagers, played by Kendall Schmidt, James Maslow, Carlos Pena, Jr. and Logan Henderson, who form a boy band and move to Hollywood, California. Ciara Bravo, Tanya Chisholm, and Stephen Kramer Glickman co-star.

As of May 12, 2012, the show has aired fifty episodes over three seasons, from 2009 to 2012.

Teatro La Fenice

An older opera house in Venice called the burnt down in 1774. It was the main, opera house in Venice. Some noblemen built it again, but the Venier, a famous family in Venice, made them sell the new theatre to them. So, the noblemen built a new opera house in 1792. They called it Teatro La Fenice. The first opera performed there was Giovanni Paisiello's "" (The Games of Agrigento).

La Fenice burnt down in 1836. It was built again in 1837. On 29 January 1996, La Fenice burnt down again. It was set on fire by two men working on the building. They were sent to prison for arson. La Fenice was built again in 2003 in the style of the old one. The architect, Aldo Rossi, used pictures and movies of the old La Fenice to plan the new one.

Five of Giuseppe Verdi's operas had their first performance at Teatro La Fenice:



Australian Music Prize

The Australian Music Prize (The AMP) is a yearly award for an Australian band or solo artist. It is $30,000. The AMP was formed in 2005.

The albums are judged on creative merit, not sales or popularity.

The list of nominees is given in February. The winner is announced at an event in Sydney in March.



Polaris Music Prize

The Polaris Music Prize is a music award given each year to the best full-length Canadian album. It is for artistic merit, regardless of genre, sales, or record label. The award was formed in 2006 with a $20,000 cash prize. the prize was increased to $30,000 for the 2011 award.

This list of nominees is released in early July. A group of 11 jury members ("The Grand Jury") meet in Toronto at the Polaris Music Prize gala in late September. The winner is picked after the nominated bands perform.



Pankration

Pankration was a sport in Ancient Greece. Eight of Pindar's odes were written in honor of pankratiasts. The pankration was a form of wrestling with one difference: the athletes were allowed to use their fists. They did not wear boxing thongs however. Kicking and hitting were allowed but biting and gouging an eye or soft spot with a thumb or finger were forbidden. Umpires flogged athletes who violated these rules. In spite of this punishment, violations often occurred.

A Greek wrestler aimed to throw his opponent; a pankratiast however aimed to force his opponent to concede defeat. This might be done by getting an opponent in a hold that, if he did not yield (give up), a bone would be broken or a joint dislocated. Size and weight did not matter as much in the pankration as they did in boxing and wrestling because pankratiasts spent most of their time rolling around on the ground. 

The Greeks loved the pankration. They considered it the greatest test of an athlete's skill and strength. The pankration was also a favorite sport in Roman imperial times. The most famous ancient pankratiast was Arrichon of Philageia in the 6th century BC. He won the pankration in two Olympics, but died of a stranglehold in the Olympics of 564 BC. He was awarded the victor's wreath. Both Philostratus and Pausanias told the story of his final bout. A statue in the Olympia Museum may be his.

Prix Constantin

The Prix Constantin is a yearly French music prize. It is awarded to the best album of an artist who has come to fame during the past year. It was formed in 2002. Its basic purpose is to help newer artists who are not very popular to gain publicity. All albums made in France in the past year are able to win.

The Prix Constantin is named after the record industry figure Philippe Constantin, who died in 1996. The Mercury Music Prize was used as an example on making the award.

Winner: Hindi Zahra – Handmade

Nominees:


Winner: Emily Loizeau – Pays Sauvage

Nominees:

Winner: Aṣa – Aṣa

Nominees:

Winner: Daphné – Carmin

Nominees:

Winner: Abd Al Malik – Gibraltar

Nominees:

Winner: Camille – Le fil

Nominees: 

Winner: Cali – L'amour parfait

Nominees: 

Winner: Mickey 3D – Tu vas pas mourir de rire

Nominees: 

Winner: Avril – That Horse Must be Starving

Nominees: 

Milo of Croton

Milo of Croton was a 6th century BC Greek wrestler. He came from the Greek city of Croton in southern Italy. He had great success as a wrestler. He won many times in the most important sports festivals of ancient Greece. He also led the people of Croton to a military victory over the neighboring city of Sybaris in 510 BC.

Milo was said to be a friend of Pythagoras. One story says the wrestler saved the philosopher's life when a roof was about to fall on him. Another story says that Milo may have married the philosopher's daughter. Like other successful athletes of ancient Greece, Milo was the subject of tales of strength and power. Among other tales, he was said to have carried a bull on his shoulders and to have burst a band about his forehead by inflating the veins of his temples.

The date of Milo's death is unknown. He was said to be splitting a tree in half when his hands became trapped in the tree. It was then that a pack of wolves surprised, killed, and ate him. Milo is the subject of works of art by Pierre Puget, Étienne-Maurice Falconet and others. In literature, Rabelais wrote about him in "Gargantua and Pantagruel" and Shakespeare did the same in "Troilus and Cressida".

Choice Music Prize

The Choice Music Prize is a yearly music prize awarded to the best album from Ireland. It has been sponsored by Meteor since 2011.

It was formed by journalist Jim Carroll and manager Dave Reid in 2005.

The ceremony to announce the winner takes place at Vicar Street, Dublin in February or March each year.



Mercury Prize

The Mercury Prize, called the Barclaycard Mercury Prize for sponsorship reasons, is a yearly music prize. It is awarded for the best album from the United Kingdom and Ireland. It was formed by the British Phonographic Industry and British Association of Record Dealers in 1992. It was an alternative to the Brit Awards. It used to be called the Mercury Music Prize.

The prize was first sponsored by Mercury Communications. It was later sponsored by Technics, from 1998 to 2001. Then Panasonic, in 2002 and 2003, and the Nationwide Building Society, from 2004 to 2008. Barclaycard became the Prize's current sponsor in March 2009.

Nominations are announced in July. Presentation of the award usually takes place in September. 



Theogenes

Theogenes was one of the greatest athletes in Ancient Greece. He was born in the city of Thasos on the island of the same name in the Aegean Sea in the early fifth century. He was a boxer and a pankrationiast. 

He had two victories at the Olympic Games. One was in boxing (480 BCE) and the other in the pankration (476). He won three times in boxing at the Pythian Games; nine times in boxing and once in the pankration at the Isthmian Games; and nine times in boxing at the Nemean Games. He also won the long distance race at Argos. He had 1300 other victories in lesser Games. 

It is certain that Theogenes was worshipped as a god in Thasos after his death. One of his enemies whipped his statue. It fell and crushed him to death. The people of Thasos threw the statue into the sea. It was stained with blood. The fields did not produce after this act. The people of Thasos pulled the statue from the sea and put it back in its place. Worship continued. Theogenes was said to heal diseases.


Cougar Town

Cougar Town is an American television sitcom. It was first on ABC on September 23, 2009. The show is set in Gulfhaven, Florida (nicknamed "Cougar Town" since its high school teams are the Cougars). The series focuses on a recently divorced woman in her forties. The star is Courteney Cox who plays Jules Cobb.

Kleomedes of Astypalia

Kleomedes of Astypalia was an Ancient Greek boxer, who had a successful boxing career all throughout the 5th century BC. However, in either the 71st or 72nd Olympic Games (496 or 492 BCE), using an illegal strike, he killed his opponent Ikos. Because of this offense, and not due to the murder of his opponent, which was not considered a punishable act, he was disqualified and heavily fined by the judges. 

Kleomedes mourned his loss greatly, because it put a stain on his record, consequently, while returning to his home town Astypalia, in a flash of Mania, he pulled out the pillar supporting a school roof, purportedly killing at least 27 children. The people attempted to stoned him to death, but he fled into a temple and climbed into a holy chest. When the people opened it, he was gone. His confused persuers consulted the oracle of delphi, which told the people that Kleomedes had become a hero. From that moment onwards he was commemorated with annual sacrifices in his honour.

His mythos is interpreted to comment on the nature of Rules.

Hermann Emil Fischer

Hermann Emil Fischer (9 October 1852 – 15 July 1919) was a German chemist who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1902.

Fischer was the founder of the chemistry of primary natural products: carbohydrates, purines and nucleosides, peptides and proteins. Amongst his many discoveries were the structure of carbohydrates, and he was the first to get synthetic peptides. He studied the active principles of tea, coffee and cocoa, namely, caffeine and theobromine.
Fischer also proposed the lock & key model of enzyme action.

Fischer was married to Agnes Gerlach in Feb. 1888, but she died seven years after their marriage. They had three sons, named Hermann Otto Laurenz Fischer (16. Dec. 1888 - 09. Mar. 1960) Walter (05. Jul. 1891 – 04. Nov. 1916) and Alfred (3. Oct. 1894 – 29. Mar. 1917). Alfred was killed in World War I, Walter committed suicide at the age of 25 as a result of compulsory military training. 

His eldest son Hermann Otto Laurenz Fischer, was Professor of Biochemistry in the University of California, Berkeley from 1948 until his death in 1960.

At the end, suffering from terminal cancer, he is thought to have committed suicide in 1919.

Emil Fischer is burried at Friedhof Wannsee, Lindenstraße and since 1956 named as grave of honor for extraordinary services or achievements in his lifetimes.

Samosa

Samosa is a popular snack originally from Central Asia. It further travelled, with the help of Muslim merchants of trade routes to Pakistan. It is famous in the Indian subcontinent as well as Southeast Asia, Central Asia, Southwest Asia, the Arabian Peninsula, the Mediterranean, the Horn of Africa, North Africa, as well as South Africa. 

It is generally prepared in the shape of a triangle, however, the shape and sizes tend to vary from region to region. It can be either baked or fried and has an outer hard crust made of plain flour. It usually has a filling of potatoes and spices. It is usually eaten with a spicy sauce called chutney. 

The English word "samosa" derives from Hindi/Urdu word ",traceable to the Middle Persian word () or Sagosha means (triangle), and has the meaning of the "triangular pastry".

The South Asian samosa has a Central Asian and/or Middle Eastern origin.

The samosa is prepared with an all-purpose flour (locally known as maida) and stuffed with a filling, often a mixture of diced and cooked or mashed boiled potato (preferably diced), onions, green peas, lentils, ginger, spices and green chili.Samosas generally are deep-fried to a golden brown in vegetable oil. They are served hot and consumed with ketchup or chutney (mint, coriander, or tamarind), or are served in "chaat", traditionally accompanied by yogurt, chutney, chopped onions, coriander, and "chaat masala". Shingaras may be eaten as a tea time snack. They can also be prepared in a sweet form. Bengali shingaras tend to be triangular, filled with potato, peas, onions, diced almonds, or other vegetables, and are more heavily fried and crunchier than either shingaras or their Indian samosa cousins. "Fulkopir shingara" (shingara filled with cauliflower mixture) is a popular variation. 

Samosa is also an appetiser in Iran and Pakistan.

It is commonly available in canteens, sweet shops and is also prepared at home.

Samosa can be vegetarian or non-vegetarian.

It is believed to have originated from the Central and West Asia. The word samosa originates from the Persian word sanbosag or Sagoshag means small triangle .

Miss May I

Miss May I is an American metal band from Troy, Ohio. Miss May I has five members in the band; the current band members are Levi Benton, Ryan Neff, Jerod Boyd, Justin Aufdemkampe and B.J. Stead.

The band was formed in 2006. They released an EP titled ""Vows for a Massacre"" which was later followed by a demo in 2008. They were signed to Rise Records after the release of their debut album, "Apologies Are for the Weak", on June 23, 2009. Their song "Forgive and Forget" appeared on the Saw VI: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack. Their song "Apologies Are for the Weak" which is the title track from the album of the same name was featured in the 2011 video game "". The band was announced to appear at the Warped Tour 2012 which started June 16, 2012 and ends on November 10, 2012.



So far as of 2012, Miss May I have released 3 albums:



UEFA Euro 2012 knockout stage

The knockout stage of the UEFA Euro 2012 began on June 21, 2012 and ended on July 1, 2012. Eight teams qualified, two from each group. Poland and the Ukraine failed to qualify for the knockout stage.

George Santayana

Jorge Agustín Nicolás Ruiz de Santayana y Borrás (December 16, 1863–September 26, 1952), also known as George Santayana, was a Spanish American academic, philosopher, essayist, poet, and novelist.

Santayana is known for his sayings, 

Santayana was born on December 16, 1863 in Madrid. He spent his early childhood in Ávila. 

He attended Harvard University, where he studied with William James and Josiah Royce. 

He earned a Ph.D. at Harvard in 1889. He also studied in Berlin and Cambridge.

Santayana taught philosophy at Harvard. Some of his students were T. S. Eliot, Robert Frost, Gertrude Stein, Walter Lippmann, and W. E. B. Du Bois. 

Santayana influenced many others, including Bertrand Russell.

In a summary based on writings by and about Santayana, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 1,040+ works in 2,980+ publications in 22 languages and 90,830+ library holdings.


Luigi Pirandello

Luigi Pirandello (Agrigento 28 June 1867 – Rome 10 December 1936) was an Italian playwright, novelist, and short story writer. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1934, for his "bold and brilliant renovation of the drama and the stage". Pirandello's works include novels, hundreds of short stories, and about 40 plays, some of which are written in Sicilian. Pirandello's tragic farces are often seen as forerunners for Theatre of the Absurd.


Al Harrington

Albert "Al" Harrington (born February 17, 1980 in Orange, New Jersey) is an American professional basketball player. He plays for the NBA's Denver Nuggets. The forward stands six feet nine inches (2.06 m), and weighs 250 pounds (113 kg).

At only 18 years of age, Al was selected by the Indiana Pacers. He was the 25th pick of the 1998 NBA Draft. On July 15, 2004, Harrington was traded to the Atlanta Hawks for Stephen Jackson. After the 2005–06 NBA season he became a free agent. For the 2006–07 season he went with the Pacers again.

On January 17, 2007, Harrington was traded to the Golden State Warriors along with teammates Stephen Jackson, Šarūnas Jasikevičius, and Josh Powell for Troy Murphy, Mike Dunleavy, Ike Diogu, and Keith McLeod. On November 21, Harrington was traded to the New York Knicks for guard Jamal Crawford. On July 15, 2010, Al Harrington signed a contract with the Denver Nuggets 


Andrew Bogut

Andrew Michael Bogut (born November 28, 1984) is an Australian professional basketball player. He plays for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

He is 7 feet tall. He went to the University of Utah for college. Bogut was selected first overall by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 2005 NBA Draft. Bogut is the first Australian player to be drafted number one overall. He was also the second Utah player to be drafted number one overall.

On March 13, 2012, Bogut, along with Stephen Jackson, was traded to the Golden State Warriors in exchange for Monta Ellis, Ekpe Udoh and Kwame Brown.


Egyptian plover

The Egyptian plover is a wader. It is the only member of the genus "Pluvianus".

It is sometimes called the crocodile bird. This is because of a story dating to Herodotus. In the story the crocodiles lie on the shore with their mouths open. The plovers fly into the crocodiles' mouths to feed on bits of meat between the crocodiles' teeth. There is no evidence of this actually happening.

The Egyptian plover lives in tropical sub-Saharan Africa. It breeds on sandbars in large rivers. Its two or three eggs are buried in warm sand. It feeds by pecking for insects. The call is a high-pitched "krrr-krrr-krrr".


Clandestine cell system

A clandestine cell system is a way of organising a group of people so that it is kept secret. This is so the group are better able to resist infiltration or discovery by an enemy. If a person only knows the others in the person's cell, then they cannot betray the others outside of his or her cell, either accidentally, or under interrogation. The cell can range from a strict hierarchy of people to a team of people. It is used by spy agencies, criminal organisations and guerilla and terrorist groups.

Boston (card game)

Boston is a trick-taking card game played by 4 people. It is thought to have started in France in the 1770s. The game is similar to Whist. It is a strategy game. Each game takes about 25 minutes to play.

American Boston is a different way to play the game. It is for 4 players in two partnerships with 2 packs of 52 cards.


Paul Krugman

Paul Robin Krugman (born February 28, 1953) is an American economist and 2008 winner of the Nobel Prize in Economics.

Krugman was born in Albany, New York.

He was awarded B.A. in economics from Yale University in 1974.
He earned a Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1977.

From 1982 to 1983, he spent a year working at the Reagan White House as a staff member of the Council of Economic Advisers.

Krugman taught at Yale, MIT, University of California, and Stanford University. He is still teaching at the City University of New York, the London School of Economics, and Princeton University. He is also a columnist for "The New York Times".

The Nobel Prize in Economics was awarded to Krugman in 2008.

In a summary based on writings by and about Santayana, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 470+ works in 1,500+ publications in 24 languages and 44,600+ library holdings.



Boston Navy Yard

The Boston Navy Yard was one of the oldest shipbuilding places in the United States Navy. It was first called the Charlestown Navy Yard and later Boston Naval Shipyard. It was started in 1801. It was officially closed as an active naval yard on July 1, 1974. The USS "Constitution" is still docked there. The USS "Cassin Young", a World War II-era destroyer, is there and is a museum ship.


Gotye

Wouter "Wally" De Backer (born 21 May 1980), better known as Gotye (pronounced ), is a Belgian-Australian multi-instrumental musician and singer-songwriter.

Gotye's 2011 single "Somebody That I Used to Know" with Kimbra was Number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. He has won 12 ARIA Awards, three Grammys and a nomination for an MTV EMA for Best Asia and Pacific Act. 

Gotye is bilingual, speaking both Dutch and English, and also speaks some Japanese, which he studied at University.



Pick and roll

The pick and roll, also known as a ball screen or screen and roll, is a play in basketball. A player stops in front of a defender to block, then goes around and receives a pass from a teammate. In the NBA, the play started to be used in the 1990s. It is now used very often.

Moral hazard

Moral hazard is a term used in economics. Nobel laureate Paul Krugman explains moral hazard as "any situation in which one person makes the decision about how much risk to take, while someone else bears the cost if things go badly."

In other words, a "moral hazard" is a situation where the possible costs of a risky action are not borne by the one taking the risk. 

"Moral hazard" is a kind of reverse incentive (perverse incentive). 

The term "moral hazard" was first used in the 17th century. The "moral" in "moral hazard" was understood to mean "subjective". It was not used in a way that has anything to do with ethics.

In the 1960s, economists used the term to describe inefficiencies that occur because of information asymmetry. In economics, "moral hazard" as a special kind of market failure.



Tsukushi Province

, also known as , was a very old province of Japan, in the area of Chikuzen and Chikugo provinces. This province was located within Fukuoka Prefecture. 


Rate

Rate or rates may be:





Ann Rutherford

Therese Ann Rutherford (November 2, 1917 – June 11, 2012), known as Ann Rutherford, was a Canadian-American actress in television, radio and movies. She playied Polly Benedict during the 1930s and 1940s in the Andy Hardy series. She played Scarlett O'Hara's sister in the movie "Gone With the Wind" (1939).

Maurice Papon

Maurice Papon (September 3, 1910 – February 17, 2007) was a French civil servant. He led the police in major prefectures and in Paris during the Nazi Occupation of France and into the 1960s. In 1998 he was convicted of crimes against humanity. This was because he helped in making more than 1600 Jews move to concentration camps during World War II. He died of congestive heart failure.

Ashikaga shogunate

The , also known as the , was a feudal Japanese feudal military government. The heads of government were the shoguns. Each was a member of the Ashikaga clan.

These years are known as the Muromachi period. The period takes gets its name from the district in Kyoto where the Ashikaga shoguns lived.

In 1336, the Ashikaga Takauji and the Ashikaga clan established a military government in Kyoto.




Weiyang District

Weiyang District (, pinyin: Wèiyāng Qū) is in the north of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. Xianyang Municipality is to the west and north. Lianhu District and Xincheng District are to the south. Baqiao District is to the east. The name is from Weiyang Square. The district covers . As of November 2010, 806,811 people lived there.

Baqiao District

Baqiao District (, pinyin: Bàqiáo Qū) is a district in the eastern part of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. The main work there is spinning. Its name is from Ba River. It covers . As of November 2010, 595,124 people live there.

Dario Fo

Dario Fo (Sangiano 3 March 1926 – 13 October 2016) was an Italian playwright, theatre actor and composer. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1997. It highlighted him as a writer "who emulates the jesters of the Middle Ages in scourging authority and upholding the dignity of the downtrodden".

His plays often depend on improvisation, "Commedia dell'arte" style. Fo owned and operated a theatre company with his wife, actress Franca Rame. His most famous works are "Mistero buffo" and "Accidental Death of an Anarchist".

Fo died on 13 October 2016 at a hospital in Milan, Italy from a serious lung disease, aged 90.


Lianhu District

Lianhu District (, pinyin: Liánhú Qū, meaning Lotus lake District) is a district of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It is in the center, a little northwest of Xi'an. Its name is from Lianhu park. The Xi'an government is also here. The district covers . As of November 2010, 698,513 people live there.

Perverse incentive

A perverse incentive is an incentive that creates an unplanned and unwanted result. The outcome is not helpful or contrary to the interests of the incentive makers. Perverse incentives are a type of unintended consequences.



Flounder

Flounders are a group of flatfish. The term is used for a number of flatfish who only related by being in the suborder Pleuronectoidei: (families Achiropsettidae, Bothidae, Pleuronectidae, Paralichthyidae, and Samaridae). It is a "form name", which means they are not necessarily "close" relations, they just look alike.

Flounders live at the bottom of coastal lagoons and estuaries of the Northern Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. When flounder are hatched they have one eye on each side of its head. As they grow one eye moves until they have both eyes on the same side of the head.

Industrial overfishing has reduced the population to one-tenth of its original size, and the individuals left are smaller. They rarely have the time to grow to full size.

Flounder feed at soft muddy areas of the sea bottom, near bridge piles, docks and coral reefs. They have been found at the bottom of the Mariana trench, the deepest known ocean canyon. Swiss scientist Jacques Piccard and US Navy Lt. Don Walsh reached a depth of . They were surprised to discover flounder about 30 cm long.

A flounder's food is mainly fish spawn, crustaceans, polychaetes and small fish. Flounder normally grow to a length of , and as large as . Their width is about half their length.

Flounders are highly camouflaged, often more so than these examples. But they are fished by bottom trawls which scrape them off the sea-bed into the net.

Flounder is a general term for many species.




Tecnológico de Antioquia

Tecnológico de Antioquia - University Institution (TdeA), also known as Tecnológico de Antioquia, is an institution of higher education in Colombia, located in the department of Antioquia, which offers technical training programs, technological, professional and advanced training university . Its headquarters are located in the city of Medellín.


Rossendale Valley

The Rossendale Valley (also called the "Forest of Rossendale") is an area North West England, in Lancashire. The area is in Rossendale. It is made up of the steep valleys of the River Irwell and its tributaries. These flow from the Pennines. They then go south into Greater Manchester. They cut through the open moorland. The area has a lot of these, even though a long time ago they were called "forests".

There are two Marilyns in the hills. These are Hail Storm Hill and Freeholds Top.

The geology of the area is layers of gritstone, coal and sand and gravel left behind by glaciers. These rocks were cut by rivers, the Irwell and its tributaries, to make steep valleys. These are 600 feet high. Woodland on the steep slopes includes remnants of ancient woodland but other areas are more recently planted.

The Rossendale Valley is recognised by the steep valley of the River Irwell and its tributaries. Textile mills and chimneys and gritstone houses are what most buildings are. Roads are mostly found in the narrow valley.

The valley was part of the medieval Forest of Rossendale. People living there in the Middle Ages would have been in "booths" or farmsteads and movement into the forest would have turned them into small hamlets.


Herc's Adventures

Herc's Adventures is a puzzle video game released for the PlayStation and the Sega Saturn by LucasArts Entertainment in 1997. While the PlayStation release was international, the Sega Saturn version was exclusive to North America.

Evolutionary grade

An evolutionary grade is a group of species at the same level of organisation.

It refers to a group of animals or plants which are very similar, but which are not a clade. They have a similar morphological or physiological complexity, and they are often adapted to the same way of life.

The term was coined by Julian Huxley, to contrast with clade, which is a strictly phylogenetic unit. The use of 'grade' as a term in biology was strongly supported by Ernst Mayr, who also pointed out that the term had been used for some time before cladism.

An evolutionary grade is a group of species united by similarities. These similarities led to their being given a name. But now to be a clade, the whole group from the first known member to the present day must be included.

The most commonly cited example is that of reptiles. In the early 19th century, tetrapods were put in the four familiar classes of amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals. In this system, reptiles are defined by traits such as laying cleidoic eggs, having skin covered in scales or scutes, and having a 'cold-blooded' metabolism.

However, we now know that amphibia gave rise to early egg-laying amniotes. These gave rise to sauropsids (the ancestors of reptiles and birds) and synapsids (the ancestors of mammals. 'Reptile' is just a common term for those sauropsids which survived to the present day, minus the birds. As an everyday word, everyone understands it. But as a modern "scientific" term, it is no longer good, and is less used.

Paraphyletic and polyphyletic taxa often represent evolutionary grades. In some cases paraphyletic taxa are united simply by not being part of any other groups, and give rise to so-called wastebasket taxa.


Flag of Belgium

The national flag of Belgium has three equal vertical bands of black, yellow, and red. The colours were taken from the colours of the Duchy of Brabant.

Kumaso Province

Komaso is part of the tale of Yamato Takeru which is recorded in the "Kojiki." The history of Komaso started and ended before the Taihō Code was established at the beginning of the 8th century.



Coat of arms of Belgium

The coat of arms of Belgium has a lion as its charge. It is called the Leo Belgicus, Latin for the Belgian lion. The colors used are red, yellow and black, the same as on the flag. The motto is "Unity makes strength".

Unity makes strength

"Unity makes strength" (, ; ; ) is the national motto of Belgium. It was also taken on by Bulgaria and Haiti.

The motto was first used in 1550. It came from the Latin phrase "concordia res parvae crescunt" (small states flourish by concord). The new Dutch Republic took over the phrase as its motto. It was on several of its coins and coats of arms. 

The French were in the Netherlands from 1795 to 1813, first as the Batavian Republic then the Kingdom of Holland. Early on the national motto was changed to "Gelykheid, Vryheid, Broederschap" (Equality, Liberty, Fraternity). From 1802 to 1810 'Unity makes strength' was used again. In 1816, it switched to the House of Orange motto 'Je maintiendrai'.

The motto was chosen by the Republic of Haiti after the revolution and subsequent independence of the slaves of the French colony of Saint-Domingue in 1803. The newly created state of Haiti became officially independent on January 1st,1804 following the capitulation of the French troops at the Battle of Vertieres of November 18,1803. The coat of arms of the republic of Haiti carries the french version of the motto "L'Union fait la force". The Republic of Haiti is often referred to as the world's First Black Republic.

The motto was used by Belgium after its Revolution of 1830. It was first only in its French form "L'union fait la force".

The motto of Brooklyn, a borough of New York City started by Dutch settlers, is still "Eendraght maeckt maght". The motto "Eendragt maakt magt" also appears on the badge of the police force of Holland, Michigan.

After Ferdinand of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha took over the throne of the Principality of Bulgaria, the country started to use Belgium's motto of "L'union fait la force" (in Bulgarian: Съединението прави силата). Although "Unity makes strength" meet in various projects on the coat of arms of Bulgaria in the post-liberation years, it officially became part of it only in 1927. After 1948, the motto dropped from the new Dimitrov Constitution, but remained on the facade of the National Assembly. Following the changes in 1989 and the adoption of a new Constitution of Bulgaria in 1991, the motto has been restored.

On 17 January 1852 the United Kingdom, ruler of the Cape Colony, made the South African Republic free. "Eendragt maakt magt" was the motto on the new state's shield. In 1888 the republic decided Dutch was its official language.

An early design of the coat of arms used between 1948 and 1963 used a variation of the motto, "Unity is Strength". It was in both English and Jawi. After three more states were added into the federation in 1963, the English motto of the arms was replaced by a rough Malay translation, "Bersekutu Bertambah Mutu" (literally "Unity Improves Quality"). The Jawi motto remained unchanged.

Belgians

Belgians are people from the Kingdom of Belgium, a federal state in Western Europe.


Monarchy of Belgium

Monarchy in Belgium is constitutional and popular in nature. The monarch is the head of state. The Monarch is officially called King of the Belgians. The current leader is Philippe I. Leopold of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha was the first King of the Belgians. To date all have belonged to the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.

This is a list of Belgian monarchs since 1831.

Prime Minister of Belgium

This is a list of prime ministers of Belgium.

Belgian Federal Parliament

The Belgian Federal Parliament is a bicameral parliament. It has the Chamber of Representatives and the Senate. It sits in the Palace of the Nation.

The number of seats in the Chamber is 150. They are elected from 11 districts. The districts are divided along linguistic lines: 5 Flemish (79 seats), 5 Walloon (49 seats), and the bilingual district of Brussels-Halle-Vilvoorde (22 seats). 

To be elected a person must be at least 21 years old, have Belgium citizenship, and live in Belgium.

Till the general elections of 2014, the Senate had 71 members. There were four categories of senators: directly elected senators, community senators, co-opted senators and senators by right. Co-opted senators were 10 representatives elected by the first two groups of senators. Senators by right were the children of the current monarch.

Since 2014, the Senate has 60 members. There are only two categories of senators: community senators (50) and co-opted senators (10).

Eligibility requirements for the Senate are the same as for the Chamber.

AFC U-23 Asian Cup

The AFC U-23 Asian Cup is a football competition between the best international under-23 teams in Asia. It is ran by the Asian Football Confederation. The teams are selected based on good performances in the qualification matches.

The competition format in the 2013 tournament is:


The host country will be rotated by regions: the region for the first tournament will be decided by draw.

Francesco Maria Piave

Francesco Maria Piave (18 May 1810 – 5 March 1876) was an Italian writer. He wrote the librettos (the story and words) for many operas. He is most famous for the librettos he wrote for operas composed by Giuseppe Verdi.

Piave was born in Murano, an island in Venice. At first, he studied to be a Catholic priest. He stopped studying to be a priest and went to Rome. In Rome, he studied philosophy and writing. He wrote poems and stories for newspapers but he is most famous for his opera librettos. He wrote more than 60 librettos. The first one was for Giovanni Pacini's opera, ' in 1842. In 1844, he wrote the libretto for Verdi's opera "Ernani". Piave and Verdi became very good friends, For twenty years, they wrote many letters to each other. Piave wrote nine more opera librettos for Verdi. The last libretto he wrote for him was '.

Piave also worked as a stage director (someone who decides how plays and operas are performed). He worked as a stage director for the Teatro La Fenice in Venice. Later (1859), he worked as a stage director at La Scala in Milan. In 1867, Piave had a stroke (a problem in the brain caused by lack of blood). He lived for eight more years, but he could not move or speak. Verdi gave money to help Piave's wife and family. In 1876, Piave died in Milan. Verdi paid for his funeral.



Chang'an District, Xi'an

Chang'an District (, pinyin:Cháng'ān Qū) is a district of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It is in the south part of Xi'an. Yanta District and Xianyang Municipality are to the north. Shangluo Municipality and Ankang Municipality are to the north. Lantian County is to the east. Huyi District is to the west. The southeast part of Chang'an District is higher than northwest part. From north to south is , from east to west is . The district covers . As of November 2010, 1,083,285 people lived there.

On June 2, 2002. Chang'an County was renamed to Chang'an District.

Yanliang District

Yanliang District (, pinyin:Yánliáng Qū) is a district of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. Its name is shortened from "Luyan Liangshan" (闾阎良善, meaning "good for living place"). It is in northeast of Xi'an, and from the center of Xi'an. Weinan Municipality is to the east and north. Xianyang Municipality is to the west. Lintong District is to the south. It is famous for making airplanes. It is far from center of Xi'an, but its economy is good. The district covers . As of November 2010, 278,604 people lived there.

Video game collecting

Video game collecting is the hobby of collecting video games and related things. It may be connected with animation, movies or comic books collecting. Collectors may focus on collecting some type of things, such as retro consoles. Collecting video games differs from other hobbies, because the collectible is interactive. So it can be enjoyed as long as it still functions. Nostalgia plays a large role, as those who grew up with a certain generation of games may have stronger appreciation for them.


Alexis Reich

John Mark Karr (born December 11, 1964), also known as Alexis Reich, is an American man who, in 2006, falsely confessed to the murder of JonBenét Ramsey. He was formerly a school teacher.

Prägraten am Großvenediger

Prägraten am Großvenediger is a village in the district of Lienz in Tyrol in Austria. More than 1,300 People live there. Most of the 180,36 km² large area is mountainous.

Toyo Province

The history of the province started and ended before the Taihō Code was established at the beginning of the 8th century.

According to the "Nihongi", the Aka clan was established in Toyo during the reign of Emperor Ankan.



Aristarkh Lentulov

Aristarkh Lentulov (4 January 1882 15 April 1943) was a major Russian avant-garde artist who also worked on set designs for the theatre. His work shows strong influences of fauvism and cubism.
Aristarkh Lentulov was born in Penza Oblast, 625 kilometers (388 mi) southeast of Moscow, into the family of a country priest. He studied art in the Penza and Kiev art schools from 1897 to 1905. Then he went to the private studio of Dmitry Kardovsky in St Petersburg in 1906. 

He lived in Moscow from 1909, and he was one of the founders of the avant-garde Jack of Diamonds group. 

From 1910 to 1911 Lentulov studied at the Le Fauconnier studio and the La Palette Academy in Paris. While there, he met contemporary French painters such as Albert Gleizes, Jean Metzinger, Fernand Léger and Robert Delaunay. He took in the fauvists' and cubists' principles, and developed his own colourful style of painting. Later, after his return to Russia in 1912, he became a big influence on what became Russian futurism. Wassily Kandinsky and Kazimir Malevich were both influenced by him. 

From pre-revolutionary times, Lentulov was actively involved in various theatrical projects. He designed sets for the Kamerny Theatre 1916) and for a production of Scriabin's "Prometheus" in the Bolshoi Theatre in 1919.

In 1928 Lentulov entered into the Society of Moscow artists, and became chairman of the Society. He also started teaching at the Russian State Art and Technical School.

Lentulov died in Moscow and is buried in the Vagankovo Cemetery.



Curve (album)

Curve is the eighth studio album by Canadian alternative rock band, Our Lady Peace. "Curve" was released on April 3, 2012. Canadian heavyweight boxer George Chuvalo is featured on the cover of the album and vocal excerpts from him are also featured on the album's final track "Mettle". The band started recording the album six months after the release of their seventh studio album, "Burn Burn". "Curve" debuted at #9 on the Canadian Albums Chart.

Wimbledon (movie)

Wimbledon is a 2004 British romantic comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Richard Loncraine. It stars Paul Bettany as Peter Colt and Kirsten Dunst as Lizzie Bradbury. They are tennis players who meet at the Wimbledon Championships at which they are both competing. Sam Neill plays Lizzie's father Dennis Bradbury.


Forest Whitaker

Forest Steven Whitaker (born July 15, 1961) is an American actor, producer, and director. He has been known to study characters for movies like "Bird" and "", and for playing Jon Kavanaugh on "The Shield". Whitaker won an Academy Award for playing Ugandan dictator Idi Amin in the 2006 film "The Last King of Scotland". Whitaker has also won a Golden Globe and a BAFTA.

Wimbledon

Wimbledon may refer to:


Chelsea

Chelsea may refer to:


David Vamplew

David Vamplew (born 1 September 1987, Fife, Scotland) is a professional poker player. He has earned nearly 3 million dollars in tournaments, with over 4 million total career earnings. Vamplew lives in Edinburgh, Scotland. He got a degree in maths from Edinburgh University in 2009.

The first time he won money in a professional tournament was for 106th-place finish in the 2010 World Series of Poker. He earned $2,500. He won the championship of the European Poker Tour in London, 2010. For this win, he earned $1.400,00. The next day, he won the UK & Ireland Poker Tour "Champion of Champions" title.

In the 2013 World Series of Poker, he came 2nd for $342,450 in event 2, losing heads-up to Trevor Pope, 16th in event 45 for $7,697, and 2nd in event 53 for $413,157 losing again heads-up to Brett Shaffer.


Rikkokushi

, also romanized Rokkokushi, is a general term for Japan's six earliest national histories. These six books chronicle the mythology and history of Japan from the earliest times to AD 887. 

The six histories were written at the Imperial court during the eighth and ninth centuries. These works include



Belgian Revolution

The Belgian Revolution was the secession of the Southern provinces from the United Kingdom of the Netherlands. It made an independent Kingdom of Belgium.

The people of the southern part of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands were mostly Roman Catholic and the elite was French-speaking. They did not like the Protestant King William I's rule, or that he had revoked certain special privileges granted to the Catholic Church.

On August 25, 1830 riots started in Brussels and shops were looted. There was an opera playing about liberty of the fatherland, and the theater-goers joined the rioters. The King sent troops to stop the riots.

A battle took place in Brussels. The French came to support the breakaway province of Belgium. Belgium won the battle and became an independent country. Leopold I was made "King of the Belgians" in 1831. It took until 1839 for the Dutch to say Belgium was independent. They signed the Treaty of London.

United Kingdom of the Netherlands

The United Kingdom of the Netherlands (1815–1839) is the unofficial name used for the Kingdom of the Netherlands. This was after it was first made from part of the First French Empire and before the new Kingdom of Belgium split off from it in 1830. Most of it is still today the Kingdom of the Netherlands. It was made up of the former Dutch Republic to the north, the former Austrian Netherlands to the south, and the former Prince-Bishopric of Liège. The House of Orange-Nassau were the monarchs.Also unites Benelux.

The United Kingdom of the Netherlands ended after the 1831 Belgian Revolution. William I, King of the Netherlands did not recognize a Belgian state until 1839. He was made to sign the Treaty of London. Only at this time were borders agreed.In the treaty was sad it that Belgium was neutral. 

Alan McDonald

Alan McDonald (Belfast, 12 October 1963 – Lisburn, 23 June 2012) was a Northern Irish footballer and manager. He played in the Northern Ireland national football team, and scored one goal, against Denmark. He died suddenly on 23 June 2012.

Glentoran

Game Oriented Assembly Lisp

Game Oriented Assembly Lisp (or GOAL) is a video game programming language developed by Andy Gavin and Naughty Dog. It was written using Allegro Common Lisp and used in the development of "Jak and Daxter" series of games.

GOAL's first use was for the "" game. Earlier, the Game Oriented Object Lisp (GOOL) was also developed by Andy Gavin for "Crash Bandicoot" game.

Treaty of London (1839)

The Treaty of London of 1839 was a treaty signed on 19 April 1839 between the European great powers, the United Kingdom of the Netherlands and the Kingdom of Belgium. It is also known as the First Treaty of London, the Convention of 1839, and the London Treaty of Separation.

This treaty was needed because the Netherlan no sign the 1831 'Treaty of the XXIV Articles'. This treaty said that Belgium was its own country. It confirmed the independence of the German speaking part of Luxembourg. The most important part of the treaty was that Belgium should always be neutral. Also, those who signed the treaty would have to protect Belgium if it was attacked.

The treaty is said to be a part of the cause of World War I. When the German Empire invaded Belgium in August 1914, the UK (the United Kingdom) declared war only days later on 4th August. All in all there were many countries declaring war on each other.

Telephone numbers in Belgium

International call prefix: 00
Trunk prefix: 0

A telephone number in Belgium is nine or ten digits dialed on a telephone to make a call. Belgium is under a closed telephone numbering plan. It keeps the trunk code, '0', for all national dialling. 

Area codes in Belgium are one or two digits long. All Belgian telephone numbers dialed in Belgium must use the leading '0' trunk code. 

From outside Belgium, a caller would dial their international call prefix (typically 00 in Europe and 011 in North America), followed by 32 (the country code for Belgium), then the area code minus the trunk code '0', and finally the local number.

Mobile/GSM area codes always begin with 04xx and the subscriber number is six digits long. 


Spyro

Spyro may refer to:


Solo concerto

The solo concerto is a concerto that includes a single soloist, with accompaniment from the entire orchestra. It originated in the Baroque period, and remained throughout the years to be popular among many composers. Although it is not true for many solo concerti, it could be said that the genre typically has three movements, the first and the last being fast-paced and lively, broken up by a more lyrical, slower second movement.

Giuseppe Torelli was one of the first composers to write solo concerti, written in 1698; however Vivaldi could be credited to making the three-movement form as typical of this genre. Later, Handel wrote many solo concerti for different types of soloist, as before then they had mainly been only for violin.

The Classical period then used solo concerti to great effect, and developed to make the solos more virtuosic. Many of Beethoven’s and Mozart’s more famous works were solo concerti.

The early Romantic period had many solo concerti, written by well-known composers such as Mendelssohn, and were not too different from those of the classical era. However, later in this period, the solos became even more virtuosic, meaning that only brilliant players could ever play them. Along with this, the structures and textures became denser, helped by the excessive size that was commonplace during the era.

Finally, 20th century music carried on the rich works of the Romantic era. However, when neoclassic genres came about, many classical-style solo concerti were written once again.

Phidias

Phidias, or Pheidias (about 480430 BC) was a Greek sculptor, painter and architect. His statue of Zeus at Olympia was one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World. 

He also designed the statues of the goddess Athena on the Acropolis. These were the "Athena Parthenos" inside the Parthenon and the "Athena Promachos", a bronze statue of Athena near the entrance to the Acropolis. 

Phidias was twice accused of stealing some of the costly materials he used. He was accused of taking some of the ivory for the Athena Parthenos; and at Olympia, of stealing some of the gold for Zeus' cloak. A false witness against Phidias testified. Phidias died in prison. Today, most critics and historians consider him one of the greatest of ancient Greek sculptors.

Gallia Belgica

Gallia Belgica, which means "Belgian Gaul" in Latin, was a Roman province. Different parts of it are in several countries today, including Belgium, Luxembourg, a big part of northern France, and part of the Rhineland in Germany, which is the part of Germany west of the Rhine River.

The people who lived in Gallia Belgica were called the Belgae. They were a group of tribes within the bigger country called Gaul, which covered all of modern France. According to Julius Caesar, the Belgae were different from the other Gauls. He said that the border between Belgica and the main Celtic part of Gaul was the Marne and the Seine rivers and that the border with Germania was the Rhine river. It is no longer certain what language or languages were spoken in Gallia Belgica, but historians know there was an influence of both Celtic and Germanic languages.

The area was conquered in 57 BC by Julius Caesar. Emperor Diocletian changed the Gaulish provinces around 300 AD. He split Belgica into two provinces: Belgica Prima and Belgica Secunda. Belgica Prima had Treveri (Trier) as its main city and was the eastern part. The border between Belgica Prima and Belgica Secunda was along the River Meuse.

In 406 AD, the Vandals, Burgundians and other tribes crossed the Rhine. They defeated the Gaulish forces. Belgica Secunda became in the 5th century the center of Clovis' Merovingian kingdom and during the 8th century the heart of the Carolingian Empire.

Belgae

The Belgae were a group of tribes living in northern Gaul. They were on the west bank of the Rhine, in the 3rd century BC. Later they were also in Britain, and possibly even Ireland. They gave their name to the Roman province of Gallia Belgica, and very much later, to the modern country of Belgium.

The Belgae came to Britain as raiders and settled in southern Britain shortly before the Romans came. They occupied the area later called Hampshire.

Carolingian Empire

Carolingian Empire (800–888) is a historiographical term for the realm of the Franks under the Carolingian dynasty in the Early Middle Ages. This dynasty is seen as the predecessor of modern-day France, Austria and Germany. Its beginning date is based on the crowning of Charlemagne, or Charles the Great, and ends with the death of his descendant Charles the Fat. This Empire can be seen as the later history of the Frankish Realm or the early history of France and of the Holy Roman Empire. they also ruled under absolute power and killed many Catholics

2013 AFC U-22 Championship

The 2013 AFC U-22 Championship is a football tournament for players under the age of 22. It was held in 11 - 26 January IN 2014. All the Asian under-22 football teams can compete. 


Middle Francia

Middle Francia was a Frankish kingdom formed by the Treaty of Verdun in 843. It divided the Carolingian Empire among the sons of Louis the Pious. Between the realms of East and West Francia, Middle Francia was the Frankish territory between the rivers Rhine and Scheldt.

Middle Francia was the part of the Frankish Empire that fell to Lothair I. He was the eldest son and successor of Emperor Louis the Pious. Because of Lothair's Imperial title, Middle Francia had the imperial cities of Aachen, the residence of Charlemagne, as well as Rome.

In 855, Emperor Lothair I again split his realm amongst his sons. He gave the Kingdom of Italy with Rome to his eldest son, Louis II the Younger, crowned emperor since 850. Most of the lands north of the Alps went to Lothair II. Provence and Burgundy went to Charles.

Unlike East and West Francia, Middle Francia was a kingdom only a short time. Over the next centuries its lands were added into the Holy Roman Empire.

West Francia

West Francia, also known as the West Frankish Kingdom or Francia Occidentalis, was a short-lived kingdom. It was the lands of the western part of the Carolingian Empire. They came under the control of Charlemagne's grandson, Charles the Bald, as a result of the Treaty of Verdun of 843.

The Frankish Empire was the great realm united by Charlemagne that was a large part of Western Europe. It was split after a three-year-long civil war between his grandsons (840-843). Charles the Bald and his half-brother Louis the German went against his brother Lothair I.

The Carolingian Empire of the Franks founded by their grandfather lasted only one generation through their father Louis the Pious. His realm was split into East Francia, West Francia or the Western Realm, and Middle Francia. The West Frankish Kingdom is the start of both medieval France and modern France.

In 987 Hugh Capet, Duke of France and Count of Paris, started the Capetian dynasty. The Valois and Bourbon houses ruled France for more than 800 years.

Timeline of Burgundian and Habsburg acquisitions in the Low Countries

Around the 13th and early 14th century, many Dutch cities became important. They played a major role in the political and economical affairs of their fiefs.

The Flemish cities gained powers over their county. When Louis II, Count of Flanders, died without a male heir, these cities (Bruges, Ypres and Ghent) arranged a marriage between his daughter and the Duke of Burgundy. By doing this, they set in motion events that led to the Burgundian and, in 1478, the Habsburg Netherlands.




Politically the Burgundian and Habsburg periods were very important to the Dutch. This is because the various Dutch fiefs were now united politically into one single group. The period ended in great turmoil. There was the rise of Protestantism, the policies of the Habsburg Empire, and other factors resulted in the Dutch Revolt and the Eighty Years' War.

Burgundian Netherlands

In the history of the Low Countries, the Burgundian Netherlands means a number of Imperial and French fiefs. These were ruled in personal union by the House of Valois-Burgundy and their Habsburg heirs in the period from 1384 to 1482. The area was large parts of present-day Belgium and the Netherlands, as well as Luxembourg and parts of northern France.

The Burgundian dukes who ruled the Netherlandish territories were:

House of Valois, territorial Dukes of Burgundy

House of Valois, titular Duchess of Burgundy

House of Habsburg, titular Dukes of Burgundy (see Habsburg Netherlands)

Lovelace

Lovelace is a surname.


Dutch Republic

The Dutch Republic, officially known as the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands, the Republic of the United Netherlands, or the Republic of the Seven United Provinces, was a republic in Europe. It was a confederacy of provinces that existed from 1581 to 1795. It started when seven northern provinces of the Spanish Netherlands joined together to fight for independence. It ended when Napoleon set up the Batavian Republic, which later became the United Kingdom of the Netherlands and the modern Netherlands (now part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands). Alternative names include the United Provinces, Federated Belgic Provinces, and Belgic Federation.

Although it was called a republic, its Stadtholder became a heredity dynasty.

Southern Netherlands

The Southern Netherlands, also called the Catholic Netherlands, were part of the Low Countries. They were controlled by Spain (1556–1714), Austria (1714–94) and added into France (1794–1815). This area was most of modern Belgium, the Imperial Abbey of Stavelot-Malmedy, the County of Bouillon and Luxembourg, and in addition some parts of the Netherlands, as well as, until 1678, most of the present Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in northern France. The Southern Netherlands were part of the Holy Roman Empire until it was added to France.

The northern seven provinces, led by Holland and Zeeland, started their independence as the United Provinces after 1581. The southern Netherlands were reconquered by the Spanish general Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma. The Southern Netherlands passed to the Austrian Habsburgs after the War of the Spanish Succession in the early 18th century. After the French Revolutionary Wars they were joined with the northern Netherlands. They were made a single kingdom under the House of Orange at the 1815 Congress of Vienna. The south-eastern third of Luxembourg Province was made into Luxembourg. In 1830 the mostly Roman Catholic southern half became independent as the Kingdom of Belgium.

Habsburg Spain

Habsburg Spain means the history of Spain over the 16th and 17th centuries (1506–1700). This was when Spain was ruled by the major branch of the Habsburg dynasty. Under Habsburg rule (mostly under Charles I and Philip II), Spain reached the height of its influence and power. The Hapsburgs had land including the Americas; the East Indies in Asia; the Low Countries, territories now in France and Germany in Europe. From 1580 to 1640 they had the Portuguese Empire; and various other lands such as small enclaves like Ceuta and Oran in North Africa. Habsburg Spain was, for well over a century, the world's greatest power. For this reason, this period of Spanish history has also been called the "Age of Expansion."

With the Habsburgs, Spain was one of the greatest political and military powers in Europe and the world for much of the 16th and 17th centuries. During the Habsburg's period, Spain ushered in the Spanish Golden Age of arts and literature producing some of the world's most outstanding writers and painters and influential intellectuals, including Teresa of Ávila, Pedro Calderón de la Barca, Miguel de Cervantes, Francisco de Quevedo, Diego Velázquez, El Greco, Domingo de Soto, Francisco Suárez and Francisco de Vitoria.

Spain or "the Spains", referring to Spanish territories across different continents in this period, initially covered the entire Iberian peninsula, including the kingdoms of Aragon, Castile, León, Navarre and, from 1580, Portugal.

The marriage of Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon in 1469 resulted in the union of the two main crowns, Castile and Aragon, which eventually led to the de facto unification of Spain, after the culmination of the "Reconquista" with the conquest of Granada in 1492 and of Navarre in 1512-1529. Isabella and Ferdinand were bestowed the title of "Catholic King and Queen" by Pope Alexander VI in 1494, and the term "Monarchia Catholica" (Catholic Monarchy, Modern Spanish: "Monarquía Católica") remained in use for the monarchy under the Spanish Habsburgs. The Habsburgers period is formative of the notion of "Spain" in the sense that was institutionalized in the 18th century.

Spain as a unified state came into being "de jure" after the Nueva Planta decrees of 1707 that succeeded the multiple crowns of its former realms. After the death in 1700 of Spain's last Habsburg king Charles II, the resulting War of the Spanish Succession led to the ascension of Philip V of the Bourbon dynasty and began a new centralizing state formation.

