Among the most outstanding figures of this period were Diego Velázquez, El Greco, Miguel de Cervantes, Teresa of Ávila, Pedro Calderón de la Barca, Francisco de Vitoria, Domingo de Soto and Francisco Suárez.

Campaigns of 1794 in the French Revolutionary Wars

The French Revolutionary Wars continued from 1793 with few changes. France fought the First coalition.

In the Alps, there was little change. The French invasion of Piedmont failed. On the Spanish border, the French under General Dugommier came from their defensive positions at Bayonne and Perpignan, to move the Spanish out of Roussillon. They invaded Catalonia. Dugommier was killed in the Battle of the Black Mountain in November.
On the northern front in the Flanders Campaign, the Austrians and French both prepared in Belgium. The Austrians went towards Mons and Maubeuge. The French got ready on multiple fronts. There were two armies in Flanders under Pichegru and Moreau. Jourdan attacked from the German border. The French had damage in the Kortrijk, Tourcoing and Fleurus in June. The French armies drove the Austrians, British, and Dutch beyond the Rhine. Then they moved into Belgium, the Rhineland, and southern Holland.

On the middle Rhine front in July General Michaud's Army of the Rhine tried two offensives in July. This sector of the front was largely quiet over the course of the year.

At sea, the French Atlantic Fleet was able to hold off a British attempt to stop an important cereal convoy from the United States. In the Caribbean, the British fleet landed in Martinique in February, and in 

By the end of the year French armies had won victories on all fronts. 

French First Republic

The French First Republic was formed on 22 September 1792, by the newly made National Convention. The First Republic lasted until the First French Empire in 1804 under Napoleon I. This time is characterized by the fall of the monarchy, the making of the National Convention and the infamous Reign of Terror, the founding of the Directory and the Thermidorian Reaction, and finally, the making of the Consulate and Napoleon’s rise to power.

First French Empire

The First French Empire, also known as the Greater French Empire or Napoleonic Empire, was the empire of Napoleon I of France. It was the main power of most of continental Europe during the early 19th century.

Napoleon became Emperor of the French on 18 May 1804. He was crowned Emperor on 2 December 1804. This ended the time of the French Consulate. He won early military victories in the War of the Third Coalition against Austria, Prussia, Russia, Portugal, and allied nations. The Treaty of Tilsit in July 1807 ended two years of bloodshed on the European continent.

The next wars, known as the Napoleonic Wars, grew France over much of Western Europe and into Poland. At its biggest in 1812, the French Empire had 130 départements, ruled over 90 million people, and had a large military in Germany, Italy, Spain, and the Duchy of Warsaw. The introduction of the Napoleonic Code through the continent increased legal equality, made jury systems, and legalized divorce. Napoleon placed relatives on the thrones of several European countries. He gave many noble titles, most of which went away after the empire fell.

Napoleon abdicated in 11 April 1814. The Empire was briefly brought back during the Hundred Days period in 1815 until Napoleon's defeat at the Battle of Waterloo. It was followed by the Bourbon Restoration monarchy of the House of Bourbon. Louis XVIII of France became the new ruler.

Leopold I of Belgium

Leopold I ("Leopold George Christian Frederick"; "Prince of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld", later "Prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha", "Duke of Saxony"; 16 December 1790 – 10 December 1865) was from 21 July 1831 the first King of the Belgians. This was following Belgium's independence from the Netherlands. He was the founder of the Belgian line of the House of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. His children included Leopold II of Belgium and Empress Carlota of Mexico. He was also an uncle of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.

He was born in Coburg and died in Laeken.


Railway Station Bananal

The Railway Station Bananal building is a historical and tourist city Bananal, São Paulo State, Brazil. Built in 1888, is the only specimen of steel construction the Belgium in the Americas.

Guy Ritchie

Guy Stuart Ritchie (born 10 September 1968) is a British director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Hatfield, Hertfordshire.

Ritchie's films are: "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels", "Snatch", "Swept Away", "Revolver", "RocknRolla", "Sherlock Holmes" and "".

Ritchie had a son with Madonna in August 2000. They were married from December 2000 until they divorced in December 2008. He lives with model Jacqui Ainsley (born 1981). The couple have a son, who was born in September 2011. 

Berlin Conference

The Berlin Conference (or "Congo Conference") of 1884–85 made rules for European colonization and trade in Africa. It was called for by Portugal and organized by Otto von Bismarck. The conference met during the Scramble for Africa, a time with more colonial activity by European powers. Africans were not invited. It ended most existing forms of African autonomy and self-governance, assuring that the European powers would not have to fight among themselves for dominance.

The General Act fixed the following points:






By 1902, 90% of all the land that makes up Africa was under European control.

Kinokawa, Wakayama

The city was founded on November 11, 2005. The towns of Kishigawa, Kokawa, Momoyama, Naga and Uchita all combined to form the city.

Kokawa Temple (Kokawa-ji) is a popular sightseeing spot in Kinokawa.

Kishi Station in the city has a cat as the stationmaster named Tama. Tama is a calico cat.



Ruanda-Urundi

Ruanda-Urundi was a part of German East Africa. Belgian troops invaded during World War I. The military occupation lasted from 1916 to 1924 when the territory came under Belgian rule. In 1964 it became the independent states of Rwanda and Burundi.



Districts of Prussia

Prussian districts were administrative units in the former Kingdom of Prussia. They were part of the German Empire from 1871 to 1918, and its successor state, the Free State of Prussia. They were similar to a county or a shire. They were made from 1815 to 1818 to be between the higher provinces and the lower municipal governments. They served as a model for the present-day districts of Germany

Eupen-Malmedy

Eupen-Malmedy, or the East Cantons is a group of cantons in Belgium. They are the former Prussian districts of Malmedy and Eupen, together with the Neutral Moresnet. French-speaking Belgians also once called them the "Redeemed Cantons". These territories were added to Belgium in 1920 by the Versailles Treaty.

German invasion of Belgium (1940)

The Battle of Belgium or Belgian Campaign was part of the greater Battle of France. This was an offensive campaign by Germany during the Second World War. It took place over 18 days in May 1940. It ended with the German occupation of Belgium following the surrender of the Belgian Army.

The Allied Armies tried to stop the German Army in Belgium. They thought it was the main German attack. After the French had fully committed the best of the Allied Armies to Belgium between 10 and 12 May, the Germans went towards the English Channel. The German Army reached the Channel after five days. They encircling the Allied Armies. The Germans forced the Allies back to the sea. The Belgian Army surrendered on 28 May 1940, ending the battle.

The Battle of Belgium included the first tank battle of the war. It was the largest tank battle in history up to that date. The battle also included the Battle of Fort Eben-Emael, the first strategic airborne operation using paratroopers.

Belgium was occupied by the Germans until the winter of 1944–1945. It was freed by the Western Alliance.

Leopold III of Belgium

Leopold III (born as "Léopold Philippe Charles Albert Meinrad Hubertus Marie Miguel"; 3 November 1901 25 September 1983) was King of the Belgians from 1934 until 1951. He left the throne and his son Baudouin became King.

Leopold III went to the throne of Belgium on 23 February 1934 following the death of his father, King Albert I.

Crown Prince Leopold fought as a private during World War I while still a teenager. He was sent by his father to Eton College in the United Kingdom, in 1915. After the war, in 1919, he went to St. Anthony Seminary in Santa Barbara, California. He married Princess Astrid of Sweden in Stockholm on 4 November 1926.

On 29 August 1935, the King and Queen were driving along the winding, narrow roads near their villa at Küssnacht am Rigi, Schwyz, Switzerland on the shores of Lake Lucerne. Leopold lost control of the car which plunged into the lake, killing Queen Astrid and her unborn fourth child.

Leopold married Lilian Baels on 11 September 1941 in a secret, religious ceremony. It was not valid under Belgian law.

In 1944, Heinrich Himmler ordered Leopold deported to Germany. Princess Liliane followed the next day under an SS armed guard. The Nazis held the family in a fort at Hirschstein in Saxony from June 1944 to March 1945, and then at Strobl, Austria.

Leopold was freed by the United States in early May 1945. Because of the controversy about his conduct during the war, Leopold III and his wife and children were unable to return to Belgium. They spent the next six years in exile at Pregny-Chambésy near Geneva, Switzerland. A regency under his brother Prince Charles had been made by the Legislature in 1944.

On his return to Belgium in 1950, Leopold was met with one of the most violent strikes in the history of Belgium. The country stood on the edge of civil war. Belgian banners were replaced by Walloon flags in Liège and other municipalities of Wallonia. To avoid tearing the country apart, and to keep the monarchy, Leopold decided on 1 August 1950 to withdraw in favour of his 20-year-old son Baudouin.

In retirement, he followed his passion as an amateur social anthropologist and entomologist and travelled the world. He went, for instance, to Senegal and he explored the Orinoco and the Amazon with Heinrich Harrer.

Leopold died in 1983 at Woluwe-Saint-Lambert.

Seventeen Provinces

The Seventeen Provinces were a personal union of states in the Low Countries in the 15th century and 16th century. The lands were about the same as the current Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, a good part of the North of France (Artois, French Flanders), and a small part of Western Germany.

The Seventeen Provinces were first held by the Dukes of Burgundy of the House of Valois. Later they were held by the Habsburgs. From 1512 the Provinces formed the major part of the Burgundian Circle.

The map matches to the following provinces:


It was not always the same "Seventeen" Provinces.

Prince-Bishopric of Liège

The Bishopric of Liège or Prince-Bishopric of Liège was a state of the Holy Roman Empire in the Low Countries in present Belgium. It got its status as a prince-bishopric between 980 and 985. Bishop Notger became Prince-Bishop after he received secular control of the County of Huy from the emperor .

The Prince-Bishopric belonged from 1500 on to the Lower Rhenish-Westphalian Circle. It was headed by the Prince-Bishop of Liège. Its land included most of the present Belgian provinces of Liège and Limburg, and some exclaves in other parts of Belgium and the Netherlands. The capital was Liège. It was added into France in 1795.

Egide Charles Gustave Wappers

Egide Charles Gustave, Baron Wappers (23 August 1803 Antwerp – 6 December 1874 Paris), better known as Gustave Wappers, was a Belgian painter.

He studied at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp, and during 1826 in Paris. The Romantic movement with its new ideas about art and politics was happening in France. Wappers was the first Belgian artist to use this form. His first painting, "The Devotion of the Burgomaster of Leiden," appeared at the right time. It had much success in the Brussels Salon during 1830, the year of the Belgian Revolution.
Wappers was invited to the court at Brussels. In 1832 the city of Antwerp made him Professor of Painting.

He showed his masterpiece, "Episode of the Belgian Revolution of 1830" at the Antwerp Salon in 1834. He was then made painter to Leopold, King of the Belgians. At the death of Matthieu-Ignace Van Brée in 1839 he was raised to director of the Antwerp Academy. One of his students was Ford Madox Brown, another was the Czech history painter Karel Javůrek.

He has many works. Some of them in traditional devotional modes, while others show the Romantic view of history.

After retiring as director of the Antwerp Academy, he lived in 1853 in Paris. He died in 1873.

Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium

The Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium is one of the most famous museums in Belgium.

The museums are in the capital of Brussels in the downtown area on the Coudenberg. There are four museums. Two of them, the Museum of Ancient Art and the Museum of Modern Art, Brussels, are in the main building. The other two, the Constantin Meunier Museum and the Antoine Wiertz Museum, are dedicated to specific Belgian artists. They are much smaller and are a few kilometers from the city center.

The Royal Museum has over 20,000 drawings, sculptures, and paintings, which date from the early 15th century to the present. The museum has a large collection of Flemish painting, among them paintings by Bruegel and Rogier van der Weyden, Robert Campin, Anthony van Dyck, and Jacob Jordaens. The museum is also proud of its "Rubens Room", which houses more than 20 paintings by the artist.

The main building, which now houses the "Museum of Ancient Art", was built as the Palais des Beaux-Arts. It was designed by Belgian architect Alphonse Balat and paid for by King Leopold II. The building was completed in 1887. 


Capuchin monkey

Capuchin monkeys are a subfamily of New World monkeys, the Cebinae. They are native to Central and South America. There are only two genera: "Cebus" and "Sepajus". "Cebus" has the gracile capuchins, and "Sepajus" has the robust capuchins.

Capuchin monkeys are active during the day and generally live and travel through trees.

Capuchin monkeys live in Central America and South America. They make their home in trees, traveling during the day and sleeping in the trees at night.

Capuchins live in groups of 10 to 40 members. These groups consist of related females and their offspring, as well as several males. Usually groups are dominated by a single male. The Capuchins in a group will groom each other and vocalize to communicate. The Capuchin group will be protective of its territory, marking a central area of their territory with urine and defending it against intruders.

Females bear young every two years following a 160 to 180 day gestation. The young cling to their mother's chest until they are larger, when they move to her back a Capuchin Monkey takes 18 - 24 months to grow into an adult. Adult male capuchins rarely take part in caring for the young. Within four years for females and eight years for males, juveniles become fully mature. In captivity, individual capuchins have reached an age of 45 years, although life expectancy in nature is only 15 to 25 years.

Capuchins are the most intelligent New World monkeys. The tufted capuchin uses tools in a similar way to chimpanzees. It is one of the few examples of primate tool use other than by apes.

When they see macaws eating palm nuts, cracking them open with their beaks, capuchins select a few of the ripest fruits. They nip off the tip of the fruit and drink down the juice, then seemingly discard the rest of the fruit with the nut inside. When these discarded fruits are hardened and brittle, the capuchins gather them up. Then they take them to a large flat boulder where they already have a few stones from a river. They use these stones to crack open the fruit to get to the nut inside. Young capuchins watch this process to learn from the more experienced adults. It may take a capuchin up to eight years to master this skill.

During the mosquito season, they crush millipedes and rub the result on their backs. This acts as a natural insect repellent.

One experiment suggest they can distinguish between seeing and knowing, but this is not entirely accepted.

Capuchin monkeys can be recognized as the "organ grinder" or "greyhound jockey" monkeys. Capuchins are sometimes kept as exotic pets. Sometimes they plunder fields and crops and are seen as troublesome by nearby human populations. In some regions they have become rare due to the destruction of their habitat.

They are also used as service animals, sometimes being called "nature's butlers." Some organizations have been training capuchin monkeys to assist quadriplegics as monkey helpers in a manner similar to mobility assistance dogs. After being socialized in a human home as infants, the monkeys undergo extensive training before being placed with a quadriplegic. Around the house, the monkeys help out by doing tasks including microwaving food, washing the quadriplegic's face, and opening drink bottles.

Capuchin monkeys are the most common featured monkeys in the movies "Outbreak", "" (and its sequels), "Zookeeper", "George of the Jungle", and "The Hangover Part II". Ross Geller (David Schwimmer) on the NBC sitcom "Friends" had a capuchin monkey named Marcel. Crystal the Monkey is the famous monkey actress.

The diet of the capuchins is more varied than other 'New World' monkeys such as spider monkeys. They are omnivores, eating not only fruits, nuts, seeds, and buds, but also insects, spiders, birds' eggs, and small vertebrates. Capuchins living near water will also eat crabs and shellfish by cracking their shells with stones.

Capuchins are darkly black or brown except for the face, throat and chest, that are white coloured. They reach a length of 30 to 56 cm (12–22 in), with tails that are just as long as the body.

Capuchin monkeys have long naps during the day. Also they socialize in small groups up to 10 to 40 members.


Lintong District

Lingtong District (, pinyin:Líntóng Qū) is a district of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It is in east of Xi'an, and about from the center of Xi'an. Weinan Municipality is to the east. Gaoling District, Baqiao District and Xianyang Municipality are to the west. Lantian County is to the south. Yanliang District is to the north. The district covers . As of November 2010, 655,874 people lived there.

Long ago it called Yueyang (栎阳). Firstly, Lingtong District called Lingtong County, and belong to Weinan Municipality. Then it was given to Xi'an. In 1988, it renamed to Lingtong District.

Lingtong is famous for tours, there are many monuments. It's also important for Xi'an, in military.

Regional lockout

Regional lockout is something used to prevent the playing of media for device, sold in another country. It can be programming practice, code, chip, or physical barrier. Regional lockout may be used in movies, video games and computer printers. The DVD, Blu-ray Disc, and UMD media formats all support the use of region coding


10NES

The 10NES system is a lock-out system. It was designed for North American and European versions of the Nintendo Entertainment System video game console. It is used to prevent pirated games and games from other regions to be played, but various companies found ways to bypass the authorization chip.


Wastebasket taxon

A wastebasket taxon is a term used by biologists for a taxon which has organisms that do not fit anywhere else. 

Species or groups are put in the wastebasket taxon when they do not fit into one of the regular taxa. Regular taxa are supposed to be monophyletic. By definition, wastebasket taxa are either paraphyletic or polyphyletic. Their name may still be very useful to biologists, because its members may be an important evolutionary grade. Antelopes are a group which is ecologically very important, and have many similar features. However, they are not monophyletic. Species are called 'antelopes' if they look like one.

Invertebrates are often called the "everything-else" category, meaning all animals without backbones. Little-known fossil groups are sometimes later found to be wastebasket taxa. The crocodile-like Triassic group Rauisuchia is an example. 

Loosely related animals often look rather alike. This is because they adapt to similar environments. This leads to convergent evolution.

Thomas Brisbane

Sir Thomas Makdougall Brisbane (July 23, 1773 – January 27, 1860) was the sixth Governor of New South Wales. Brisbane was very interested in astronomy and brought two assistant astronomers to Australia with him. When he went back to England, he left his books, telescopes and other equipment behind as gift, and these were the beginnings of the Sydney Observatory.

The Brisbane River was named after Sir Thomas, and the capital city of Queensland, takes its name from the river.

Lexington, North Carolina

Lexington is a city in the state of North Carolina, United States. It is near the larger city of Winston-Salem. As of 2020, 19,632 people live in the city.

People from Europe first moved to the area in 1775. The town is named after the city of Lexington, Massachusetts, where the first battle of the American Revolutionary War happened. Lexington became a city in 1828. Until the late 1990s, Lexington's economy was based on textile and furniture manufacturing. Since then, most local manufacturers have moved their production facilities to Asia and Mexico to reduce costs. This caused most textile and furniture factories to close, creating economic difficulties in the area.

The oldest remaining house in Lexington is "The Homestead", built by Dr. William Rainey Holt (1798–1868), a physician born in Alamance County. Dr. Holt was the President of the North Carolina Agricultural Society and was one of the first to introduce purebred livestock to North Carolina.

Lexington calls itself the "Barbecue Capital of the World". Starting in 1984, the city has the Lexington Barbecue Festival each year, one of the largest street festivals in North Carolina. In 2012, the US News and World Report ranked Lexington as #4 on its list of the best cities for barbecue. Lexington-style barbecue is made with pork shoulder cooked slowly over a hardwood fire, usually hickory wood. It is served with a sauce made with vinegar, ketchup, water, salt, pepper and other spices. There are many different way to make this sauce, mild, tangy, sweet or spicy.

"Pigs in the City" is a public art display managed by Uptown Lexington, Inc., a non-profit organization that has the goal of increasing the usage of the downtown area of Lexington. "Pigs in the City" began in 2003 and 40,000 visitors from all over the state came to see the event in the first year. Since 2006, the event has been held every year. There are usually 20 or more of these statues on display during the event. Companies pay $1,000 each to sponsor one of the pigs, which pays for the event.

High Rock Lake is the second largest lake in North Carolina and located near Lexington. Its water surface covers and there are of shoreline. It begins where the Yadkin River and the South Yadkin River come together. High Rock Lake has long been considered one of the best fishing lakes of North Carolina. There have been a number of national fishing tournaments held at the lake, such as Bassmaster Tournaments, like the Bassmaster Classic in 1994, 1995, 1997 and 2007. The lake has large numbers of fish, including channel, blue, and flathead catfish, plus crappie and several different sunfish such as bluegill, shellcracker and others. Striper and their hybrids as well as white bass are also abundant. The lake is best known for its quantity and quality of largemouth bass.

The Bob Timberlake Gallery is in Lexington. It opened in 1997, and features original artwork, reproductions, personal memorabilia, as well as home furnishings from the artist Bob Timberlake.

Lexington is in the Piedmont. It is centered at 35°49'0" North, 80°15'31" West (35.816768, -80.258643), in the valley of the Yadkin River. Lexington is northeast of High Rock Lake, part of the Yadkin-Pee Dee chain of lakes in central North Carolina.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , which is all land.

It is bordered to the north and west by Interstate 85 Business, to the south and east by Interstate 85. Both interstates come together just southwest of the city. Additionally, 4 U.S. Highway Routes, U.S. Route 29, U.S. Route 64, U.S. Route 52, U.S. Route 70 and state highways NC Highway 8 and NC Highway 47 intersect the city.

Thunderstorms are common during the spring and summer months, including some severe storms. Being in central North Carolina, between the Appalachian Mountains and the Mid-Atlantic coast, Lexington has a humid subtropical climate, with moderate temperatures during spring and autumn and warm to hot summers. Winters are relatively mild and wet with highs typically in the 40s to 50s and overnight lows averaging just below freezing.

As of the census of 2020, there were 19,632 people in the city, organized into 7,832 households. This represents a population increase of 701 persons, or 3.7%, when compared to the 2010 census. The median age is 39.2 years for all persons (37.7 for females, 40.6 for males).

Of the total population, 19.2% are at least 65 years old, 22.0% are under the age of 18, with the remaining 58.8% of the population being from 18 to 64. Males comprise 47.9% and females make up 52.1% of the total population. Whites (non-Latino) make up 46.3% of the total population, African-Americans (non-Latino) make up 27.6%, Hispanics or Latinos make up 17.6%, and Asians represent 3.0% of the population. 4.3% of the population identifies itself as "Two or more races", non-Latino. Other races each represent less than 1% each of the total population.

Of the total 7,832 households, 4,685 are considered "Family households", and 2,338 have children under 18. The average household size is 2.51 persons. There are 8,906 total housing units, of which the 7,832 are households, for an occupancy rate of 87.9%. Of these households, 45.1% are owner-occupied, while 54.9% are renters.

As of 2022, the median (middle) income for a household in the city was $36,868, and the median income for a family was $41,044. The per capita income for the city was $19,595. 17.3% of families and 21.0% of the population are below the poverty line. Out of the total population, 31.6% of those under the age of 18 and 11.8% of those 65 and older are living below the poverty line. The global outsourcing of textile and furniture manufacturing has damaged Lexington's economy.



The Brown Bunny

The Brown Bunny is an explicit 2003 drama movie. It stars Vincent Gallo and Chloë Sevigny. Gallo wrote, produced and directed it. It was unrated when released but is extremely similar to an NC-17. It was controversial at the time of its release.



Andreas Vesalius

Andreas Vesalius (31 December 1514 – 15 October 1564) was a Flemish anatomist, physician, and author. He wrote one of the most influential books on human anatomy, "De humani corporis fabrica" ("On the Fabric of the Human Body"). Vesalius is often called the founder of modern human anatomy. Vesalius is the Latinized form of Andries van Wesel. He is sometimes also called Andreas Vesal, André Vesalio and Andre Vesale.

Anatomies had been published before, but those of Vesalius were in a different class. They were based on actual dissections of human bodies (after death). And the drawings were artwork of the highest class. 

Dissections of cadavers (dead human bodies) was forbidden for many centuries, and this limited previous work on anatomy. Before Vesalius, most information about the human body came from Galen. By dissecting human bodies, Vesalius showed that many of the things Galen wrote about were wrong. Galen was primarily misinformed about the human heart, liver and lower jaw bone. It was found that Galen's work was based on Barbary apes, but he also dissected pigs, which led to even more inaccurate observations.

Vesalius was invited to be the Imperial physician of Emperor Charles V. After the abdication of Emperor Charles V he continued at court in great favour with the Emperor's son Philip II.

Rembert Dodoens

Rembert Dodoens (29 June 1517 – 10 March 1585) was a Flemish physician and botanist. He is also known by his Latinized name Rembertus Dodonaeus.

Dodoens was born in Mechelen. In 1530 he began his studies in medicine, cosmography and geography at the University of Leuven. He graduated in 1535. He became a physician in Mechelen in 1538. He married Kathelijne De Bruyn(e) in 1539. He had a short stay in Basel (1542–1546). He turned down a chair at the University of Leuven in 1557. He also turned down an offer to become court physician of emperor Philip II of Spain. He became the court physician of the Austrian emperor Rudolph II in Vienna (1575–1578). He then became professor in medicine at the University of Leiden in 1582, and remained there until his death.

Dodoens wrote "Cruydeboeck" in 1554. In his times, it was the most translated book after the Bible. It became a work of worldwide renown, used as a reference book for two centuries.

The plant genus "Dodonaea" was named after him by Carolus Linnaeus.

Unintended consequences

Unintended consequences are the surprising results of an action or decision.

When an outcome is not anticipated or foreseen, the situation at the end of a process may be different from what was intended. In other words, purposeful action may create consequences which are 

This concept is one of the building blocks of economics. The term was coined and popularised in the 20th century. Its use has expanded into a range of contexts.

The idea of unintended consequences dates back at least to the 18th century when Adam Smith wrote about men who are "led by an invisible hand to promote an end which was no part of his invention".

American sociologist Robert K. Merton invented the phrase in 1936.

There are three types of unintended consequences:

Possible causes of unanticipated consequences include





There are examples and kinds of unanticipated consequences:




Cheaper travel, mostly in the form of air transport, is hugely beneficial to the economy by increasing tourism into a country. It accounts for 30% of the world's trade of services, and 6% of overall exports of goods and services. It also creates opportunities for employment in the services needed for tourism.

With increased tourism comes a variety of unlooked-for problems, such as increased illegal immigration. Perhaps even more serious is that returning tourists may bring back parasites and diseases which are not usual in the home country. Furthermore, many of these organisms are now resistant to most treatment.


Good Will Hunting

Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama movie directed by Gus Van Sant, written by Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, and stars Robin Williams, Damon (who played Will Hunting), Affleck, Stellan Skarsgård and Minnie Driver. Filming in Boston, Massachusetts. it was released on December 5, 1997.


San Miguel River (Ecuador)

San Miguel River is a river in Ecuador and Peru. It forms an international border between the two countries.


Mock the Week

Mock the Week is a British topical celebrity comedy panel game. It was created by Dan Patterson and Mark Leveson. It is presented by Dara Ó Briain. It began on 5 June 2005 and is shown BBC Two. Two teams of three celebrities compete to answer questions about events during the past week. Its current regular panel member is comedian Hugh Dennis. Comedians Chris Addison, Rory Bremner, Frankie Boyle, Russell Howard and Andy Parsons previously served as regular panel members.


Quasi-War

The Quasi-War was an undeclared naval war fought between the United States and the French Republic between 1798 and 1801.

The road to hell is paved with good intentions

The road to hell is paved with good intentions is an idiom or proverb. It is about the difference between what someone intends to do and the outcome of their actions. In other words, the consequences of one's actions can be awful and tragic instead of the good intentions that lead one to do them. This can be the result of poor planning.

In the mid-12th century, Bernard of Clairvaux wrote, ""L'enfer est plein de bonnes volontés et désirs"" (hell is full of good wishes and desires). The sentence has been repeated many times in other languages and contexts.

In 1775, Samuel Johnson commented on "the unhappy failure of resolves" when he is reported saying, "Sir, hell is paved with good intentions." 



Heckler &amp; Koch G11

G11 is a German assault rifle. It was invented by Heckler & Koch in the years between 1968 and 1990. It is able to shoot in semi automatic, or single shot, 3 round burst, or full auto. The magazine held 45 or 50 of the 4,73mm caseless rounds. The German army (Bundeswehr) and the US Army tested the weapon but they didn't want it because it was too expensive after the Cold War. So it stayed to be a prototype and never got into mass production.

Rate of fire

Rate of fire is how fast a weapon can fire or launch its projectiles. It is usually measured in rounds per minute (RPM or round/min), or per second (RPS or round/s). Pistols usually have a very slow RPM, which large machine guns may get up to 1000 RPM. The "M61 Vulcan", a gatling-gun, could fire around 6000 RPM in tests.

The Death of Socrates (painting)

The Death of Socrates () is a 1787 oil on canvas painting by the French painter Jacques-Louis David.

It shows the death of Greek philosopher Socrates. He was sentenced to die by drinking hemlock. He was sentenced to die because his ideas were against those of Athens. It was also for corrupting the minds of the youth. The painting also shows both Crito and Plato. Crito is sitting sadly at the edge of the bed. Plato is holding the knee of Socrates. Socrates had the choice to go into exile or be sentenced to death by drinking hemlock. Socrates chose death. In this painting, a red-robed disciple hands a confident Socrates the goblet of hemlock. Socrates' hand pointing to the heavens is his love of the gods and fearless attitude to his death.

This painting is currently at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.


Ernest Solvay

Ernest Gaston Joseph Solvay (16 April 1838 – 26 May 1922) was a Belgian chemist, industrialist, politician and philanthropist.

In 1861, he made the ammonia-soda process to make soda ash. The process was an improvement over the earlier Leblanc process.

He founded the company Solvay & Cie. The first factory was at Couillet in 1863. Soon, Solvay process plants were in the United Kingdom, the United States, Germany and Austria. Today, about 70 Solvay process plants are still working worldwide.

In 1903, he founded the Solvay Business School which is part of the Free University of Brussels.

He elected two times to the Belgian Senate. He was Minister of State at the end of his life. Solvay, New York and Rosignano Solvay, the locations of the first Solvay process plants in the United States and in Italy, are named after him.

Solvay died at Ixelles.

Simon Stevin

Simon Stevin (1548/49 – 1620) was a Flemish mathematician and military engineer. He translated many mathematical terms into Dutch. 

Stevin was born in Bruges, Flanders (now Belgium) around the year 1548. It is thought that Simon was a Calvinist. Very little has been recorded about his life. It is known that he left a widow with two children.

In Bruges there is a Simon Stevin Square which has his statue by Eugène Simonis.

Zenobe Gramme

Zénobe Théophile Gramme (4 April 1826, Amay – 20 January 1901) was a Belgian electrical engineer. He invented the Gramme machine. 

The Gramme machine was a type of direct current dynamo. It made smoother (less AC) and much higher voltages than other dynamos.

Gramme machine

A Gramme machine, Gramme ring, Gramme magneto, or Gramme dynamo is an electrical generator that makes direct current. It is named for its Belgian inventor, Zénobe Gramme. It was the first generator to make enough power for industry. Gramme showed this machine to the Academy of Sciences in Paris in 1871.

Russell Brand's Ponderland

Russell Brand's Ponderland is a British comedy television programme. It is presented by Russell Brand and was first shown on Channel 4 in 2007 and 2008. Brand talks about a different topic in each episode, showing clips of archive footage and commenting on them. 

Bakelite

Bakelite, or polyoxybenzylmethylenglycolanhydride, is an early plastic. It is a thermosetting phenol formaldehyde resin, formed from an elimination reaction of phenol with formaldehyde. It was made in 1907 by Belgian chemist Leo Baekeland.

Bakelite was used for its electrically nonconductivity and heat-resistant properties in electrical insulators, radio and telephone casings. It was also in products as kitchenware, jewelry, pipe stems, and children's toys.

Phil Esposito

Philip Anthony Esposito, OC (born February 20, 1942 ) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks, Boston Bruins and New York Rangers. He is an Honoured Member of the Hockey Hall of Fame. It is said he is one of the best players in the National Hockey League. Phil is the older brother of Tony Esposito. Tony is a goaltender and he is also a Hall-of-Famer.

After retiring as a player, Esposito was head coach and general manager for the New York Rangers. Then he started the Tampa Bay Lightning. He worked for the NHL on Fox from 1995 to 1998. He is now Tampa Bay's radio announcer.

Leo Baekeland

Leo Hendrik Baekeland (Ghent , November 14, 1863 – February 23, 1944) was a Belgian chemist. He invented Velox photographic paper (1893). He also made Bakelite (1907), an inexpensive, nonflammable, versatile, and popular plastic, which marks the beginning of the modern plastics industry.

Treaty of Paris (1763)

The Treaty of Paris, often called the Peace of Paris, or the Treaty of 1763, was signed on 10 February 1763, by the Kingdoms of Great Britain, France and Spain, with Portugal in agreement. It ended the Seven Years' War, which is known as the French and Indian War in North America. The British won the war against France and Spain.

The treaty gave control of the northern part of North America in what is now Canada to Britain. France was left with only two small islands, Saint-Pierre and Miquelon, for its cod fishery. 

The treaty started an era of British power outside Europe. The treaty did not include either Prussia or Austria, which signed the separate Treaty of Hubertusburg five days later.

Chemical database

A chemical database is a database specifically designed to store chemical information. This information is about chemical and crystal structures, spectra, reactions and syntheses, and thermophysical data.

Chemical structures are usually shown using lines (that indicate chemical bonds between atoms) and drawn on paper. Computer search algorithm and storage cannot use this method. Small molecules or ligands, are usually represented using lists of atoms and their connections. Large molecules like protein are shown using their building blocks, amino acids and the order of these.

Large chemical databases for structures allow users to store and search for millions of molecules. Therefore, they take up terabytes of memory.

Chemical literature connect structures or properties of chemicals to academic papers or patents related to them. Examples of this type are STN, Scifinder, and Reaxys.

Crystallography databases store x-ray crystal structure data. Common examples include Protein Data Bank, Cambridge Structural Database, and COD+ Database .

NMR spectroscopy databases provide information to relate structure and NMR data. They have information on FTIR and mass spectrometry which help in characterization.

Most chemical databases store information on stable molecules. In some databases, information about reaction intermediates and temporarily created products are also stored. Reaction databases contain information about products, educts, and reaction mechanisms. 

Thermophysical data are information about

Lantian County

Lantian County (, pinyin:Lántián Xiàn) is a county of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It is in the southeast part of Xi'an. Qinling Mountains is south of it. It covers . As of November 2010, 514,026 people lived there. It is famous for Lantian jade. Its main work is agriculture and tourism.

Jamshedpur

Jamshedpur is a city of the Indian state of Jharkhand. It has the most people of any city in Jharkhand. According to the 2011 census of India, the Jamshedpur has a population of 1,337,131. The city was founded by the late Jamshedji Nusserwanji Tata. It is also called "Steel City", "TataNagar" or simply "Tata".

It is on the Chota Nagpur plateau and is surrounded by the picturesque Dalma Hills. The city is bordered by the rivers Subarnarekha and Kharkai on the north and west parts of the city.

The largest factory is that of Tata Steel. It is almost at the center of the city. Tata Steel is the largest iron and steel producing plant in India, as well as the oldest. The other major factory in the city is Tata Motors. They make heavy vehicles and construction/earth moving equipment.

Jamshedpur has a high literacy rate, close to the highest in India. The Steel City has 183 schools and 13 colleges.


Sean Young

Sean Young (born November 20, 1959) is an American actress. She had many roles in 1980s movies. Young was born in Louisville, Kentucky.

George's Secret Key to the Universe

George's Secret Key to the Universe is a children's book written by Stephen Hawking, his daughter Lucy Hawking and his research student Christophe Galfard. It was written to explain the universe and the laws of physics to children, in the form of an adventure story. It was published in 2007. There are another three books in the series, "George's Cosmic Treasure Hunt" (2009), "George and the Big Bang" (2010), and "George and the Unbreakable Code" (2014).


Fast Times at Ridgemont High

Fast Times at Ridgemont High is a 1982 American coming-of-age teen comedy movie. It was written by Cameron Crowe, directed by Amy Heckerling, produced by Irving Azoff and Art Linson. It is set in and around a high school in Southern California and follows several students over the course of a year. It stars Sean Penn, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Judge Reinhold, Phoebe Cates, Brian Backer, Robert Romanus, Ray Walston, Forest Whitaker, Nicolas Cage and Anthony Edwards.

Aspergillus

Aspergillus is a large genus of fungi in the phylum Ascomycota. There are several hundred species or types, some of which are important to medicine, science and industry. It grows as a mould, often on plants. The fungi make asexual spores in a structure called an "aspergillum". About one third of types also have sexual reproduction.

"Aspergillus" species are highly aerobic and are found in almost all oxygen-rich environments. They are common contaminants of starchy foods (such as bread and potatoes), and grow in or on many plants and trees.

Species of "Aspergillus" are important medically and commercially. Some species can cause infection in humans and other animals. More than 60 "Aspergillus" species are medically relevant pathogens. For humans there is a range of diseases such as infection to the external ear, skin lesions, and ulcers classed as mycetomas.


Widya Saputra

Widyaningrum Surya Nugraha (called Widya, born at Cimahi, Indonesia, February 26, 1985) is a television host from Indonesia. She is best known as a sporting event host at television station Trans7, especially for MotoGP and football events.

She started her career as a child when in 1993 she become vocalist at Trio Laris group, then in 1998 she began a career in television as host at Kring Olala at TPI. In 2001 she become host for Musiq at TVRI, and even had the opportunity to become an actress at Putri Keempat television’s serial at RCTI in 2003.

She become MotoGP’s host in 2006 season and continues today. Widya is a communication sciences scholar from UNPAD, Bandung.

Her hobby is reading and she loves cats.


Atomic physics

Atomic physics is the field of physics that studies atoms as an isolated system of electrons and an atomic nucleus. It is primarily concerned with the arrangement of electrons around the nucleus and
the processes by which these arrangements change. This includes ions as well as neutral atoms and, unless otherwise stated, for the purposes of this discussion it should be assumed that the term "atom" includes ions.

The term "atomic physics" is often associated with nuclear power and nuclear bombs, due to the synonymous use of "atomic" and "nuclear" in standard English. However, physicists distinguish between atomic physics — which deals with the atom as a system consisting of a nucleus and electrons — and nuclear physics, which considers atomic nuclei alone.

As with many scientific fields, strict delineation can be highly contrived and atomic physics is often considered in the wider context of "atomic, molecular, and optical physics". Physics research groups are usually so classified.

Atomic physics always considers atoms in isolation. Atomic models will consist of a single nucleus that may be surrounded by one or more bound electrons. It is not concerned with the formation of molecules (although much of the physics is identical), nor does it examine atoms in a solid state as condensed matter. It is concerned with processes such as ionization and excitation by photons or collisions with atomic particles.

While modelling atoms in isolation may not seem realistic, if one considers atoms in a gas or plasma then the time-scales for atom-atom interactions are huge in comparison to the atomic processes that are generally considered. This means that the individual atoms can be treated as if each were in isolation, as the vast majority of the time they are. By this consideration atomic physics provides the underlying theory in plasma physics and atmospheric physics, even though both deal with very large numbers of atoms.

Electrons form notional shells around the nucleus. These are naturally in a ground state but can be excited
by the absorption of energy from light (photons), magnetic fields, or interaction with a colliding particle (typically other electrons).

Electrons that populate a shell are said to be in a bound state. The energy necessary to remove an electron from its shell (taking it to infinity) is called the binding energy. Any quantity of energy absorbed by the electron in excess of this amount is converted to kinetic energy according to the conservation of energy. The atom is said to have undergone the process of ionization.

In the event the electron absorbs a quantity of energy less than the binding energy, it will transition to an excited state. After a statistically sufficient quantity of time, an electron in an excited state will undergo a transition to a lower state. The change in energy between the two energy levels must be accounted for (conservation of energy). In a neutral atom, the system will emit a photon of the difference in energy. However, if the excited atom has been previously ionized, in particular if one of its inner shell electrons has been removed, a phenomenon known as the Auger effect may take place where the quantity of energy is transferred to one of the bound electrons causing it to go into the continuum. This allows one to multiply ionize an atom with a single photon.

There are rather strict selection rules as to the electronic configurations that can be reached by excitation by light—however there are no such rules for excitation by collision processes.

The majority of fields in physics can be divided between theoretical work and experimental work,
and atomic physics is no exception. It is usually the case, but not always, that progress goes
in alternate cycles from an experimental observation, through to a theoretical explanation
followed by some predictions that may or may not be confirmed by experiment, and so on. Of course, the current state of technology at any given time can put limitations on what can be achieved experimentally and theoretically so it may take considerable time for theory to be refined.

One of the earliest steps towards atomic physics was the recognition that matter was composed
of "atoms", in the modern sense of the basic unit of a chemical element. This theory was developed by the British chemist and physicist John Dalton in the 18th century. At this stage, it wasn't clear what atoms were although they could be described and classified by their properties (in bulk) in a periodic table.

The true beginning of atomic physics is marked by the discovery of spectral lines and attempts to describe the phenomenon, most notably by Joseph von Fraunhofer. The study of these lines led to the Bohr atom model and to the birth of quantum mechanics. In seeking to explain atomic spectra an entirely new mathematical model of matter was revealed. As far as atoms and their electron shells were concerned, not only did this yield a better overall description, i.e. the atomic orbital model, but it also provided a new theoretical basis for chemistry
(quantum chemistry) and spectroscopy.

Since the Second World War, both theoretical and experimental fields have advanced at a rapid pace. This can be attributed to progress in computing technology, which has allowed larger and more sophisticated models of atomic structure and associated collision processes. Similar technological advances in accelerators, detectors, magnetic field generation and lasers have greatly assisted experimental work.






San Mateo, California

San Mateo ( ; Spanish for "Saint Matthew") is a city in San Mateo County, California, United States, in the San Francisco Bay Area. With a population of about 100,000 (105,661 at the 2020 census), it is one of the larger suburbs on the San Francisco Peninsula, located between Burlingame to the north, Foster City to the east, Belmont to the south, and Highlands-Baywood Park and Hillsborough to the west. San Mateo was incorporated in 1864.

Alioramus

Alioramus is a genus of tyrannosaurid dinosaur. It was about 20 feet long. It lived during the Upper Cretaceous period in what is now Mongolia.

The type species, "A. remotus", is known from a partial skull and three foot bones. They were got from Mongolian sediments which were deposited in a humid floodplain about 70 million years ago. A second species, "A. altai", known from a much more complete skeleton, was named and described in 2009. Its relationships to other tyrannosaurid genera are unclear. Some evidence suggests that "Alioramus" is closely related to the contemporary species "Tarbosaurus bataar".

The Maastrichtian stage in Mongolia had a wetter and more humid climate than the previous stages. Sediments show there were floodplains, large river channels and soil deposits, with periodic droughts.

This animal had many teeth, which were smaller than usual in the Tyrannosauridae, and a narrow, lower skull. It may have been a sub-adult (teenager), and must have eaten different prey than "Tyrannosaurus". Since the general area was a riverine delta, the prey may have been fish.

Walking with Dinosaurs

Walking with Dinosaurs is a 1999 nature documentary series produced by the BBC. It shows how Dinosaurs lived. The first episode, "New Blood", follows a "Coelophysis" trying to survive the dry season. The next, "Time of the Titans", shows a baby "Diplodocus" growing up. The third, "A Cruel Sea", follows a flock of "Rhamphorynchus" trying to avoid deadly storms. The fourth, "King of the Skies", follows a sick male "Ornithocheirus" migrating to Spain. The fifth, "Spirits of the Frozen Forest", follows a baby "Leaellynasaura" avoiding a hungry Koolasuchus (a 4-meter salamander). The last one, "Last of the Dino Dynasty", follows a female "Tyrannosaurus" who has already to mated and needs to take care of her babies in a world that is about to end as the Kt extinction nears by day in an already struggling volcanic world. There is also a 2013 film with the same name, a sequel called "Walking with Beasts" and a prequel called "Walking with Monsters".

Ornithocheirus

Ornithocheirus was a crested pterosaur that lived during the late Jurassic period. There was an ornithocheirus in "Walking with Dinosaurs".

Tylosaurus

Tylosaurus was an Upper Cretaceous mosasaur. It was a large, predatory marine lizard closely related to modern monitor lizards and to snakes. 

In 1918, Charles H. Sternberg found a "Tylosaurus" with the remains of a plesiosaur in its stomach. The specimen is mounted in the United States National Museum (Smithsonian). The plesiosaur remains are stored in the collections. 

Although these important specimens were briefly reported by C.H. Sternberg in 1922, the information was lost to science until 2001. The specimen was rediscovered and described by Everhart. It is the basis for the story line in the new (2007) National Geographic IMAX movie - "Sea Monsters".

Charlotte Gainsbourg

Charlotte Gainsbourg (born 21 July 1971) is an Anglo-French singer and movie actress. 

At the age of fifteen she was on an album with her father. More than twenty years later she released albums as an adult. Gainsbourg has also been in many movies. She has received both a César Award and the Best Actress Award at the Cannes Film Festival.

Gainsbourg played She in the movie "Antichrist".

Tōhoku History Museum

The museum acquires, conserves, researches, communicates and exhibits a collection which focuses on the and the heritage of Tōhoku. The museum holds archaeological objects from excavations in the region.

The treasures of the museum include Jōmon period jade from Tagajō and Niisato in Iwate Prefecture.

The museum opened in the year 1999.



Nora Ephron

Nora Ephron (; May 19, 1941 – June 26, 2012) was an American movie director, producer and novelist. Ephron was the eldest of the four daughters of writers Henry Ephron (1911-1992) and Phoebe Ephron (née Wolkind, 1914-1971). Her sisters are Delia Ephron (born 1944), Hallie Ephron (born 1948) and Amy Ephron (born 1952). Nora Ephron was born in New York City and moved to Los Angeles, California when she was a child. She moved back East after leaving high school. She made many novels into movies. Ephron has been married to Nicholas Pileggi from 1987 until her death in 2012. Ephron died of pneumonia which was caused by her illness of acute myeloid leukemia.

Sharon Horgan

Sharon Horgan (born 13 July 1970) is an Irish actress, writer television producer and comedienne. She was born in London and moved to Dublin when she was seven. Her brother Shane Horgan (born 1978) is a retired rugby player. She wrote, produced and starred in the sitcom "Pulling". Her other acting roles include: "Rob Brydon's Annually Retentive", "Angelo's", "Free Agents", "The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret", "Dead Boss" and "Catastrophe".

Morohashi Museum of Modern Art

The museum has modern art, including works by 

The museum was created in 1999 from the collection of Teizo Morohashi (1932-2003), who was the founder of Xebio Co. Ltd.


Jordan national under-23 football team

The Jordan national under-23 football team are a team who play association football for Jordan at the under-23 level. They play their matches in Jordan at various grounds. They were the first team to qualify for the AFC U-22 Asian Cup during the 2013 version.


Uzbekistan national under-23 football team

The Uzbekistan national under-23 football team are a team who play association football for Uzbekistan at the under-23 level. They play their matches in Uzbekistan at various grounds. They were the second team to qualify for the AFC U-22 Asian Cup during the 2013 version. 


Georges Lemaître

Monsignor Georges Lemaître (Georges Henri Joseph Édouard Lemaître, 17 July 1894 – 20 June 1966) was a Belgian priest, astronomer , mathematician and professor of physics at the Catholic University of Louvain. 

He was the first person to say the Universe is growing. Some people think it was Edwin Hubble, but that is not correct. Lemaître was also the first to make the Hubble's law and the Hubble constant.
Lemaître also started what became known as the Big Bang theory of the origin of the Universe. He called it his 'hypothesis of the primeval atom'.

Albert Claude

Albert Claude (24 August 1899 – 22 May 1983) was a Belgian biologist. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1974 with Christian de Duve and George Emil Palade. 

He went to the University of Liège. In the summer of 1929 he joined the Rockefeller Institute. He worked at Rockefeller University in the 1930s and 1940s. 

In 1949, he became Director of the Institut Jules Bordet in Brussels. He worked there until 1970.

Ilya Prigogine

Ilya Prigogine (25 January 1917 – 28 May 2003) was a Belgian physical chemist of Russian Jewish descent. He won the 1977 Nobel Prize for Chemistry. 

Prigogine studied chemistry at the Free University of Brussels. In 1950 he became a professor there. In 1959 he started teaching at the University of Texas at Austin in the United States.

Prigogine was married to Belgian poet Hélène Jofé. After their divorce, he married Polish-born chemist Maria Prokopowicz in 1961.


Zhouzhi County

Zhouzhi County (, pinyin:Zhōuzhì Xiàn) is a county of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It is in the southwest part of Xi'an. Before 1964, it was written in Chinese as 盩厔 (also read Zhouzhi), meaning surrounded by mountains and rivers. It covers . As of November 2010, 562,768 people lived there. Zhouzhi is famous for embroidery, and the product kiwifruit.

Shaun Marcum

Shaun Marcum (born December 14, 1981 ) is an American baseball player. He is a Major League pitcher for the Milwaukee Brewers . He has played with the Brewers since 2011. He pitched for the Toronto Blue Jays from 2005 until 2010. Marcum was born in Kansas City, Missouri. 


Giovanni Paisiello

Giovanni Paisiello (9 May 1740 – 5 June 1816) was a composer from Italy. He wrote more than 80 operas. He also wrote music for churches and concerts.
Paisiello was born in Roccaforzata, a small town near Taranto in the south of Italy. His father was a veterinarian (a doctor for animals). When he was five years old, his father sent him to a Jesuit school in Taranto. His father wanted him to be a lawyer. Paisiello's teachers saw that he had a very beautiful singing voice and much talent for music. This made his father change his mind. He sent Paisiello to a famous music school in Naples called the . He studied at the music school for five years. At first, he composed church music, but then he began writing operas. Soon his operas became popular all over Italy.

In 1776, Catherine II, the Empress of Russia, invited him to work for her in St. Petersburg. Paisiello worked for the Empress for eight years. He composed operas for her theatre and conducted the royal orchestra. In 1784, he went back to Italy to work for King Ferdinand IV of Naples. He was the chief composer for a famous opera house in Naples, the Teatro di San Carlo. He also composed church music and concert music for the king. Napoleon Bonaparte admired Paisiello's music very much and invited him to Paris. From 1802 until 1804, Paisiello worked in Paris composing music for Napoleon. He then went back to Naples. He was the head of the music school there from 1807 until 1814. The last years of his life were not happy. He had money problems, and his operas were no longer popular. He died in Naples in 1816.


Heckler &amp; Koch G3

The Heckler & Koch G3 is a battle rifle developed by Heckler & Koch and the Spanish state-owned design and development agency CETME. It has a 20 rounds magazine, that holds 7.62mm NATO ammunition.

It was invented in the 1950s, and was the main weapon of the German army (Bundeswehr). Now the main weapon is the G36. Many German soldiers want the old G3 back. The G3 is still in service as a sniper rifle, but they changed to the G28 for "designated marksmen". 

The deign of the G3 was so influential that it was the base for making the MP5 and the PSG-1. 

Ray Davies

Sir Raymond Douglas Davies ( ; born 21 June 1944) is a British rock musician. He was born in Fortis Hill, Muswell Hill, north London. He was the lead singer of The Kinks, in which his brother Dave Davies was lead guitarist. Since the band split, Ray Davies is a solo singer-songwriter.

Davies attempted suicide and was later diagnosed with bipolar disorder. 


Reserve Bank of India

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is a top banking institution of the Republic of India. The bank controls the money supply in the country.

The bank was established on 1 April 1935, when India was under British rule. The Bank was established under the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. The bank was nationalised in 1949.


Conservation (art)

Conservation, also known as conservation and restoration, is a job where people try to protect the important parts of a culture for the future. 

Conservation activities include examination, documentation, treatment, protection. All of this work is supported by research and education.

In traditional terms, the role of the conservator involves the examination, conservation, and preservation of cultural heritage using "any methods that prove effective in keeping that property in as close to its original condition as possible for as long as possible."

The role of conservation is a kind stewardship.

The conservator has ethical guidelines, including

An appropriate conservation strategy requires good judgment, taking into account 

This series of images shows the process of restoration of a mural in France.


Heckler &amp; Koch G36

The Heckler & Koch G36 is an assault rifle designed in the 1990s by Heckler & Koch (H&K) in Germany. The weapon is gas operated and has a standard magazine that holds 30 of the 5.56mm NATO rounds. It can also be used with a 100-round 'drum'. The G36 has a 3x scope and often a red dot sight, too in the carrying handle. The G36 is the main weapon of many special units and the army of Portugal, Spain and Germany (Bundeswehr). 

Before Heckler & Koch started building for Germany, the G36 has had the name "HK50".


Shōsōin

The is a Japanese treasure house in the Tōdai-ji temple complex at Nara It is close to the building which houses the Great Buddha ("Diabutsuden").
It is the oldest museum structure in the world.

The earliest objects in the Shōsō-in were put there by Empress Kōmyō (701–760). The collection includes artifacts from the arts and crafts of the Tempyō era. 
The building was built in the with a raised floor .


Anaïs Nin

Anaïs Nin (full name: Angela Anaïs Juana Antolina Rosa Edelmira Nin y Culmell) February 21, 1903 – January 14, 1977. (, ), was a French-Cuban-American novelist. 

Her books were the basis of movies, including "Henry & June" (1990) and "Delta of Venus" (1994). She was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Paris. Her parents were from Cuba. Her father Joaquín Nin was a well-known composer. Her mother Rosa Culmell was a classical singer. She spent her early years in Spain and Cuba and then lived in Paris. In Paris she became a close friend of the writer Henry Miller. She helped him get his first novel, "Tropic of Cancer", published and wrote the to it. 

She later moved to the United States and died there of cancer in Los Angeles.

Aquamarine (color)

Aquamarine is a color, a light tint between blue and green. It is named for the gemstone aquamarine.

The first recorded use of "aquamarine" as a color name in English was in 1598.

The color "medium aquamarine" (shown below) is used for the uniforms of nurses and surgeons and also used to paint rooms in hospitals because it is regarded as a color that calms and relaxes the patients.


Pierre Deligne

Pierre René, Viscount Deligne (born 3 October 1944) is an important Belgian mathematician. He is known for work on the Weil conjectures.

He was born in Etterbeek. He went to school at Athénée Adolphe Max and studied at the Universite Libre de Bruxelles (ULB).

He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1978, the Crafoord Prize in 1988, the Balzan Prize in 2004 and the Wolf Prize in 2008.

In 2006 he was ennobled by the Belgian king as viscount.

In 2009, Deligne was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

Jean Bourgain

Jean Bourgain (28 February 1954 – 22 December 2018) was a Belgian mathematician. He was a professor at University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign and Institut des hautes études scientifiques at Bures-sur-Yvette in France. From 1994 until his death he has worked at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. He was an editor for the Annals of Mathematics.

He received his Ph.D. from the Vrije Universiteit Brussel in 1977.

He received the Fields Medal in 1994. In 2009 Bourgain was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. In 2010 he received the Shaw Prize in Mathematics. In 2012 he and Terence Tao received the Crafoord Prize in Mathematics from the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

Bourgain died on 22 December 2018 in Bonheiden, Belgium at the age of 64.

Rogier van der Weyden

Rogier van der Weyden or Roger de la Pasture (1399 or 1400 – 18 June 1464) was an early Flemish painter. His surviving works are mainly religious triptychs, altarpieces and commissioned single and diptych portraits. He was very successful and internationally famous in his lifetime. His paintings went to Italy and Spain. By the end of the 15th century, he had become more popular than Jan van Eyck. His fame lasted only until the 17th century.

Due to the loss of archives in 1695 and again in 1940, there are few certain facts of van der Weyden's life. Rogelet de le Pasture (Roger of the Pasture) was born in Tournai in 1399 or 1400. His parents were Henri de le Pasture and Agnes de Watrélos. He married around 1426, to Elisabeth Goffaert. He was made town painter of Brussels in 1436. He changed his name from the French to the Dutch format, becoming 'van der Weyden'. 

Lambert Lombard

Lambert Lombard (Liège, 1505 – 1566) was a Renaissance painter, architect and theorist for the Prince-Bishopric of Liège. During his career he worked for Jan Gossaert in Middelburg and trained Frans Floris. In 1532 he became court painter and architect in Liège. A few paintings and many drawings have been kept.

In 1537 he was sent to Rome by Erard de la Marck, prince-bishop of Liège, to buy works of art. While there he discovered the wonders of the Italian Renaissance. On his return he brought not only works of art, but also the new ideas about art to Liège.

Dominicus Lampsonius wrote a biography of Lombard called "The Life of Lambert Lombard".

Anthony van Dyck

Sir Anthony van Dyck (22 March 1599 – 9 December 1641) was a Flemish Baroque artist. He was the leading court painter in England in the early 17th century. He is most famous for his portraits of Charles I of England and his family and court. His style of portrait painting was followed in England for the next 150 years. He also painted biblical and mythological subjects.

James Ensor

James Sidney Edouard, Baron Ensor (13 April 1860 – 19 November 1949) was a Flemish-Belgian painter and printmaker. He was an important influence on expressionism and surrealism. He lived in Ostend for most of his life. He was associated with the artistic group Les XX.

From 1877 to 1880, he attended the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels. His only travels were three brief trips to Paris, London, and Holland.

In 1895 his painting "The Lamp Boy" (1880) was acquired by the Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium in Brussels. He had his first solo exhibition in Brussels. By 1920 he was the subject of major exhibitions. In 1929 he was named a Baron by King Albert. He was the subject of the Belgian composer Flor Alpaerts's "James Ensor Suite". In 1933 he was awarded the band of the Légion d'honneur. 

Against the advice of friends, he remained in Ostend during World War II despite the risk of bombardment. In his old age he was an honored figure among Belgians. His daily walk made him a familiar sight in Ostend. He died there after a short illness, on 19 November 1949.

His early works show domestic scenes with little color. Later he started to use brighter colors. His subjects became very imaginative. He painted carnivals, masks, puppets and skeletons.

Les XX

Les XX was a group of twenty Belgian painters, designers and sculptors. It was formed in 1883 by the Brussels lawyer, publisher, and entrepreneur Octave Maus. For ten years 'Les Vingt', as they called themselves, held a yearly exhibition of their art. Each year twenty international artists were also invited to be in the exhibition. Artists invited over the years included: Camille Pissarro (1887, 1889, 1891), Claude Monet (1886, 1889), Georges Seurat (1887, 1889, 1891, 1892), Paul Gauguin (1889, 1891), Paul Cézanne (1890), and Vincent van Gogh (1890, 1891). 

In 1893, the society of Les XX was changed into "La Libre Esthétique".



Constant Permeke

Constant Permeke (31 July 1886 – 4 January 1952) was a Belgian painter and sculptor. He is said to be the leading figure of Flemish expressionism.

Permeke was born in Antwerp. When he was six years old the family moved to Ostend. His father was curator of the Municipal Museum of Arts. Permeke went to school in Bruges from 1903 until 1906. In 1906 he was drafted into the Belgian army. After his military service ended in March 1908, Permeke returned to Ostend. He roomed together with another artist, Gustave De Smet. In 1909 he returned to Latem where he lived as a recluse. In 1912 Permeke married Maria Delaere and the newlyweds settled in Ostend.

When World War I started, Permeke was in the defense of Antwerp. He was wounded in action near the town of Duffel. His wounds forced him to be evacuated to the United Kingdom. In 1916 he moved to Chardstock in Devonshire and started painting again, mostly colorful English landscapes. After the end of the war, the Permeke family returned to Ostend in 1919.

In 1921 Permeke was able to exhibit his work in Antwerp and in Paris. Between 1922 and 1924, Permeke regularly went to Astene. In 1926 Permeke went to Vevey in Switzerland where he mainly painted mountain scenes. In 1929 he moved to Jabbeke. Starting in 1937 Permeke tried his hand at sculpting as well.

During World War II, Permeke was forbidden to paint by the German occupiers. His art was seen by them as "Entartete Kunst". His son Paul was arrested and sent to Germany as a forced labourer. After the war, Permeke was made director of the Royal Academy in Antwerp. He only worked there one year. In 1948 his wife died. Emotionally scarred and ailing, Permeke had to be nursed by his daughter.

Constant Permeke died 4 January 1952. He was buried next to his wife at the cemetery in Jabbeke. A statue which Permeke had commissioned by his friend George Minne was placed on the grave of his beloved wife.

In 1997, Belgium recognized Permeke by dedicating the 1,000 franc bill to him and his work. The bill was used until Belgium started using the euro in 2002.

Paul Delvaux

Paul Delvaux (23 September 1897 – 20 July 1994) was a Belgian painter. He is known for his Surrealism, famous for his paintings of female nudes.

Delvaux was born in Antheit. The young Delvaux took music lessons, studied Greek and Latin, and read the fiction of Jules Verne and the poetry of Homer. He studied at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels. He studied architecture because his parents did not want him to be a painter. He went for his goal by taking painting classes taught by Constant Montald and Jean Delville. The painters Frans Courtens and Alfred Bastien also encouraged Delvaux. He completed about 80 paintings between 1920 and 1925. 1925 was the year of his first solo exhibition.

He was named director of the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in 1965. In 1982 the Paul Delvaux Museum opened in Saint-Idesbald. Delvaux died in Veurne in 1994.

Panamarenko

Panamarenko (pseudonym of Henri Van Herwegen; 5 February 1940 – 14 December 2019) was a famous assemblagist in Belgian sculpture. He is famous for his work with airplanes as theme. None of the airplanes are able to actually leave the ground.

Panamarenko studied at the academy of Antwerp. Before 1968, his art was inspired by Pop art. Early on he became interested in planes and human powered flight. This interest is also shown in his name. It is supposed to be an acronym for "Pan American Airlines and Company".

Starting in 1970, he developed his first models of imaginary vehicles, planes, balloons or helicopters. Many of his sculptures are modern versions of the myth of Icarus.

In 2003 Panamarenko married the 34 year younger Eveline Hoorens. At the opening of a large-scale overview exhibition of his work in Brussels in 2005, Panamarenko said he was retiring as an artist. He has since had his own coffee brand PanamaJumbo.

On 24 April 2009, VLM Airlines named one of its Fokker 50 aircraft in his honour.

Jan Fabre

Jan Fabre (born December 14, 1958 in Antwerp) is a Belgian artist, playwright, stage director, choreographer and designer.

He studied at the Municipal Institute of Decorative Arts and the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp. Between 1976 and 1980 he wrote his first scripts for the theatre. From 1980 he began his career as a stage director and stage designer.

Fabre is famous for his "Bic-art" (ballpoint drawings). In 1990, he covered an entire building with ballpoint drawings.

His decoration of the ceiling of the Royal Palace in Brussels is called "Heaven of Delight". It is made out of one million six hundred thousand jewel-scarab wing cases. In 2008, Jan Fabre's "The Angel of Metamorphosis" exhibition was held at the Louvre Museum.

In September 2018, Fabre was accused by 20 former employees of sexual harassment. 

List of settlements in Alabama

As of the 2020 United States Census, there are 461 incorporated cities and towns in the U.S. state of Alabama.

There are 131 census-designated places in Alabama.

List of cities in Alaska

This is a list of incorporated cities in the U.S. state of Alaska, including unified city-boroughs.
There are a total of 149 cities in Alaska.

El Lissitzky

Lazar Markovich Lissitzky ( – 30 December 1941), better known as El Lissitzky, was a Russian artist, designer, photographer, typographer, and architect.

He was an important figure of the Russian avant-garde, helping develop suprematism with his mentor, Kazimir Malevich. He designed exhibition displays and propaganda works for the former Soviet Union. His work greatly influenced the Bauhaus and constructivist movements, and he experimented with techniques and ideas ine 20th-century graphic design.
El Lissitzky's entire career was based on his belief that the artist could be an agent for change. Lissitzky, who was Jewish, began his career illustrating Yiddish children's books. This was to promote Jewish culture in Russia, which had just ended its antisemitic laws. He started teaching at 15; and taught throughout his life. Over the years, he taught in a variety of positions, schools and artistic media, spreading and exchanging ideas.

He took this ethic with him when he worked with Malevich in the art group UNOVIS and when he worked his own. He took up a job as the Russian cultural ambassador to Weimar Germany. There he worked with important figures of the Bauhaus and De Stijl movements. In his remaining years he brought innovation and change to typography, exhibition design, photomontage, and book design. He produced critically respected works and won international acclaim for his exhibition design. This continued to the end of his life. In 1941 he produced one of his last works – a Soviet propaganda poster rallying the people to make more tanks for the fight against Nazi Germany.

Teatro di San Carlo

The Teatro di San Carlo is a famous opera house in Naples, Italy. It is sometimes called the Teatro San Carlo or simply the San Carlo. Its name means Theatre of Saint Charles. It was built in 1737. When it was first built it was the biggest opera house in the world. Today, it is still one of the biggest opera houses in Italy. It is also the oldest opera house in Italy. Many operas were first performed at the Teatro di San Carlo. Seventeen of Donizetti's operas and eight of Rossini's operas were first performed there.
The new King of Naples, Charles VII, was very interested in the arts. He wanted the city to have a new and beautiful opera house. The old one, the Teatro San Bartolomeo, was falling apart. King Charles paid for building the new theatre. It was built on land next to his palace and designed by Giovanni Antonio Medrano (1703 – 1760). The new theatre took only seven months to build. It opened on 4 March 1737. The first opera performed there was " (Achilles in Skyros). The famous Italian poet, Metastasio, wrote the words and story. Domenico Sarro wrote the music. He also conducted the orchestra.

The building burnt down on 12 February 1816. Six days after the fire, King Ferdinand IV (the son of King Charles) asked the architect Antonio Niccolini to build the theatre again. Nicolini used Medrano's designs but he made the stage bigger. The inside of the new Teatro di San Carlo was even more beautiful than the first one. The new theatre opened on 12 January 1817, with an opera by Simon Mayr, " (Partenope's Dream). Since then, only small changes were made to the building. It was damaged by bombs during World War II, but American and British soldiers soon repaired it.

Like most Italian opera houses, the Teatro di San Carlo is built in a horseshoe shape. It has downstairs seats called stalls. There are six more levels of seats called box seats where groups of people can sit together. The box seats go all the way to the top of the opera house. Overall, there are 1386 seats in the Teatro di San Carlo today. The inside of the theatre has beautiful decorations in red and gold. A large painting by Giuseppe Cammarano covers the ceiling. The painting shows the Greek god Apollo and the goddess Minerva. All around them are famous poets.

Because of its shape, the San Carlo has very good sound quality. People can hear the singers and orchestra even in the most far away seats. Operas, ballets and concerts are performed there. People can also rent the theatre for parties or to put on their own shows. In 2010, much work was done on the opera house. It now has more rooms for rehearsals, modern machinery for the stage, and air conditioning. The Teatro di San Carlo has its own orchestra.



Gaoling District

Gaoling District ( pinyin:Gāolíng Qū) is a county of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. It is in the north part of Xi'an. Weiyang District and Baqiao District are to the south. Yanliang District is to the north. Lintong District is to the east. Xianyang Municipality is to the west. It covers . As of November 2010, 333,477 people lived there.

Chinese government changed it from "Country" to "District" on Dec,2014.

Cluster bomb

A cluster bomb, or cluster munition, is an explosive device. It explodes in the air or on the ground, and releases many smaller bombs. It is an anti-personnel weapon because it kills or maims people, not armoured vehicles.
They were used a lot during the Vietnam War and have been used in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.

They are considered illegal by over 100 countries. These countries have signed the "Convention on Cluster Munitions" adopted in May 2008.


Mill Green

Mill Green is a hamlet in Edwardstone, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It is Edwardstone's main settlement.

Mill Green has a pub called The White Horse, Mill Green Brewery is also behind it. A Smock windmill was in Mill Green, but it was demolished in 1965.

Mill Green Brewery has won a national SIBA Gold Award. It is also on The Good Pub Guide 2011 2012 and 2014.



Parliament Heath

Parliament Heath is a hamlet in Groton, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has 4 listed buildings, including Daisygreen Cottages, Lodge Cottage, Malting Farmhouse and Primrose Cottage.


Sherbourne Street

Sherbourne Street is a place on the Ordnance Survey in Edwardstone, Babergh, Suffolk, England. Sherbourne Street was on A Vision of Britain through Time 19th century map as "Shover Street". There was a school in Sherbourne Street called Edwardstone House School, but it closed on the 31st of August 1993. It was for boys who were 8 – 13 years old. Edwardstone House is now a Listed building.



Broad Street (Groton)

Broad Street is a hamlet in Groton, Babergh, Suffolk, England.


Horner's Green

Horner's Green is a hamlet in Groton, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has a listed building called Spout Farmhouse.

Gosling Green

Gosling Green is a hamlet in Groton, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has a listed building called Gosling Green House.


Kersey Tye

Kersey Tye is a hamlet in Kersey, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has one listed building called Bridges Farmhouse. There was a Congregation house built in about 1835 which is not always used for worship.

Ahn Chang-ho

Ahn Chang-ho (9 November 1876 - 10 March 1938) was a Korean independence activists and enlightened activists. He was an educator who founded Jeomjin School (), Daesung School (), Chungnyunhakwuhoi () and NGOs Heungsadan (; ), Suyangdongwuhoi(). His first name was Chisam, nickname was Dosan.



Thomas Vanek

Thomas Vanek (born January 19, 1984) is an Austrian former professional ice hockey left winger. He played a total of 14 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). Vanek played for the Buffalo Sabres, New York Islanders, Montreal Canadiens, Minnesota Wild, Detroit Red Wings, Florida Panthers, and the Vancouver Canucks. He also played for the Graz 99ers of the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga (EBEL).

Before he played in the NHL, Vanek played for the Sioux Falls Stampede of the USHL for 3 seasons and the University of Minnesota for 2 years.

He was drafted 5th overall by the Buffalo Sabres in the 2003 NHL draft. He played for the Buffalo Sabres for 8 seasons.

On October 27, 2013, he was traded to the New York Islanders for Matt Moulson, a 2014 1st round draft pick, and a 2015 2nd round draft pick.

On July 1, 2014, Vanek signed a three-year, $5.5 contract with the Minnesota Wild. The contract will also give him $6.5 million in the second year, and $7.5 million in the third year as well as a no-trade clause. 

Mario Altmann

Mario Altmann (born November 4, 1986 in Vienna) is an Austrian ice hockey player who was participating at the 2011 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Austria men's national ice hockey team.


Wicker Street Green

Wicker Street Green is a hamlet in Kersey, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has seven listed buildings, including Curtis Farmhouse, Elm Farmhouse, Hollies Cottage, Lodge Farmhouse, Red House Farmhouse, Wicker Street Cottage and Wicker Street House.

Lindsey Tye

Lindsey Tye is a settlement in Lindsey, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has seven listed buildings, including Cottage Owned by Mr W Partridge Immediately North of Tye Cottage, Falcon Hall, Gooseberry, Ivydene, Rose Cottage, Swallow's Farmhouse and Tye Cottage. There was also a Baptist chapel built there in 1840.

King's Meaburn

King's Meaburn is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001, there were 105 people living in King's Meaburn.


Upsher Green

Upsher Green is a hamlet in Great Waldingfield, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has one listed building, called Gable Cottage and Lark Cottage.

Kersey Upland

Kersey Upland is a hamlet in Kersey, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has five listed buildings, including Boxford Road Farmhouse, Hart's Cottage, Sampson's Hall, The Forge and West Sampson's Hall.

Sleagill

Sleagill is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001, 100 people lived in Sleagill.

Temple Sowerby

Temple Sowerby is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 333 people living in Temple Sowerby.


Clifton

Clifton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 461 people living in Clifton.


Swingleton Green

Swingleton Green is a hamlet in Monks Eleigh, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has two listed buildings, including Barn and Outbuildings about 50 feet to the west of the Fenn and The Fenn.

Afro-Dominicans

Afro-Dominicans or Dominicans of African ancestry, are Dominicans whose ancestry ties within the continent of Africa. Most of them came from West Africa during the colonial era, while others descend from Haitian and Afro-Caribbean migrants. Today, Afro-Dominicans represent a minority of the Country's population at approximately 8%, while the remaining and majority of Dominicans are multiracial.

The first Africans in the Dominican came in 1502 from Spain, 8 years later African-born slaves came in large numbers. They were forced to work the Mines, Sugar Plantations, Cattling, Cowboys, Maids, Farming and Others. They can be found in most parts in the Island, but the purest blacks are mostly in the coastal lowlands of the country and in the border regions. While in the Central Cibao region, you can find people of either European, Mixed and African descent.

The Atlantic slave trade began in the very early 1500s. Santo Domingo (present-day Dominican Republic) was the first place to transport African slaves in the Americas. The dying of Indigenous people in the island, caused the Spanish to quickly grant permission from Spain to use slaves to work the plantations. In 1510, the first sizable ship consisted of 250 Black Latinos (Spanish-speaking men ), 8 years later, African born slaves arrived in massive numbers. The first major slave revolt took place in Dominican Republic's hills in 1522. These Maroons were originally from the senegambian region of Africa; of which most were Muslims of the Wolof nation. Many centuries later the Maroon populations became so large that the only way whites could travel would be in large armed groups. Most of the Maroon populations established themselves in mostly in rivers, hills/mountains, coastal and in caves. The Congolese people were known to be very aggressive and naturally strong, they and many of the Mandingas, Wolofs, and Fulanis was the main ethnicity to have been born in Maroon villages.

From the neighboring country, Haitians have also had an influence in the growing population in Dominican Republic. It's estimated that is around 800,000 Haitians living in the Dominican Republic. Haitians make a large minority in the country anywhere from 4-6%. Among the Afro-Haitian population, they originated among the Ewe and Fon tribes of present-day Benin and Togo West Africa.

Enslaved Africans that lived in the then Santo Domingo colony tended to come from the Bantu/Congolese (majority-wise especially the Bakongo), Akan, Yoruba, Igbo, Ewe, Fon, Mandinga, Wolof-Fulanis and Others. The Congolese-Bakongo tribes has had the most dominant culteral impact in the Dominican today.

As Dominican slaves came from predominately West-Central Africa, many of their customs survived based-on memory and myths, along with religion, names, words, music, language etc. Known survived religions are the Regla de palo, Arara, Dominican Vudu, Santería etc. Many villages among the Dominican Republic have kept their African languages among their descendants. Recongnized African languages spoken by Dominicans are the Lucumi language which is practically the Yoruba language with very few Spanish words, the Kikongo language is still spoken, especially in places like Villa Mella, Dajabon, Altagracia, and Monte Plata. Merengue is the typical music of the Dominican Republic. Typical Dominican foods such as Mangu (mashed plantains) is of African origin.

Pig in a poke

Pig in a poke is an English idiom which means a kind of deceptive trick. It is a blind bargain.

The phrase is about something which is offered for sale in a manner which hides its true value. The idiom means a purchase which turns out not to be what the seller claimed it was.

The term was first used in the Middle Ages. At this time, it was common to sell meat or small animals in cloth bags or sacks called a "poke".

Sometimes people simply bought the "poke" without looking inside; and sometimes people who thought they were buying pork or a small pig were surprised to find they had been sold something else.

The idiom "pig in a poke" is about what happens when someone does not look to see what is being bought or sold.

The idiom "pig in a poke" is used to describe something which is purchased without the buyer being aware of its true nature or value.

The phrase can also be applied to accepting an idea or plan without a full understanding of it. In other words, it is about starting a course of action without knowing the relevant facts.

Many other European languages have a version of this phrase, but many are translated as a warning not to buy a cat in a bag. -

The Labors of Herakles

The Labors of Herakles is a series of tasks performed by the Greek hero Herakles () as a penance for a terrible crime he committed. These tasks required great strength and courage. For the most part, they involved killing fierce animals and horrible monsters. The Labors were said to have been devised by Hera, the goddess of marriage. She hated Herakles because he was a bastard son of her husband Zeus. She hoped these tasks would kill him. Herakles however performed them with great success, and, in the process, became very famous. The Labors of Herakles probably had their origin in the religious and magical practices of prehistoric man. They are the subject of ancient and modern art.
Mortals die, but gods live forever. Herakles was part mortal, part god. His father was the god Zeus and his mother was the mortal Alkmene. Zeus' wife Hera was the goddess of marriage. She hated Herakles because he was one of her husband's bastards. She tried many times to kill him, even when he was a baby. He lived in spite of Hera's persecution and hatred, and did many great deeds as a young man.

Herakles married Megara, the daughter of a king. They became the parents of several children. Hera caused Herakles to go mad and to kill his family. The priestess of Delphi ordered Herakles to serve his cousin King Eurystheus of Tiryns as a penance for this crime. Eurystheus would present a series of tasks to Herakles. These tasks were said to have been designed by Hera herself in the hope that they would kill Herakles.

There is no definite order for the Labors. Most of the time, however, the order is: Nemean Lion, Lernean Hydra, Cerynitian Hind, Erymanthian Boar, Augean Stables, Stymphalian Birds, Cretan Bull, Mares of Diomedes, Girdle of Hippolyta, Cattle of Geryon, Apples of the Hesperides, and Kerberos. The order here is that of the sculptures called metopes on the Temple of Zeus at Olympia. These sculptures (made about 460–450 BC) were placed high on the outside of the temple in a frieze. Their order was described by the ancient Greek geographer, Pausanias. Some of these metopes are used in this article to illustrate the Labors. The first group of six metopes are from the west end of the temple. The second group of six are from the east end. Some of the illustrations here are taken from Greek vase paintings. The Labors of Herakles became the subject of much ancient and modern art, and even movies like "Hercules" (1958) starring Steve Reeves and the Walt Disney animated movie "Hercules" (1997).

A large and dangerous lion was terrorizing the people and animals near the city of Nemea. Weapons of iron, bronze, or stone could not pierce the lion's thick hide (skin). Eurystheus ordered Herakles to kill and skin this lion.

Herakles went to the region of Nemea and stayed with a poor man named Molorchos at Kleonai. Molorchos' son had been killed by this lion. Molorchos wanted to sacrifice his only ram to Herakles, but Herakles asked him to wait thirty days. If he did not return within thirty days, the ram was to be sacrificed to him as a hero. If he returned within thirty days, the ram was to be sacrificed to Zeus the Deliverer.

Herakles found the lion outside its lair on Mount Tretos. His arrows and sword were useless against the beast. He hit the lion with his club and the animal went into his lair. Herakles blocked one of the two openings to the cavern with nets, then entered the cavern. He wrestled the lion and choked it to death. The lion bit off one of his fingers. He returned to Molorchos' hovel with the lion's carcass on his back. The two men sacrificed to Zeus.

When Herakles presented the dead animal to Eurystheus, the king was disgusted. He ordered Herakles to leave such things outside the gates of Tiryns in the future. Eurystheus then put a large bronze jar underground. This was the place where he would hide whenever Herakles returned to the city with some trophy of his labours. Zeus put the lion among the stars as the constellation Leo.

In the future, Eurystheus would only communicate with Herakles through Kopreus, his dungman. Herakles skinned the lion with one of its own claws. He wore the skin as a kind of armor and the lion's skull as a helmet. Euripides wrote in his play "Herakles":"First he cleared the grove of Zeus of a lion, and put its skin upon his back, hiding his yellow hair in its fearful tawny gaping jaws."

The origin of the Nemean Lion is not certain. Some say he was the son of either Typhon or the Chimera and the dog Orthros. Some say the moon goddess Selene gave birth to the lion and let it fall to Earth near a two-mouthed cave at Nemea. She set it against the people because they had failed to properly observe her worship. Some say that Hera had Selene create the lion from sea foam and that Iris, the goddess of the rainbow, carried it to Nemea. Others say the lion was the son of the snake goddess Echidna and her son, the dog Orthos. This would make the lion a brother to the Sphinx of Thebes. Hera was said to have brought the lion from the eastern land of the Arimoi and to have released it near Nemea.

The Hydra ("water-snake") was a monster with many heads. She lived beneath a plane tree near the spring called Amymone. This spring was near the seaside city of Lerna. She was the offspring of Typhon and Echidna, and the sister of Kerebos. Hera raised the Hydra to torment Herakles. The Hydra had a dog-like body. Its breath was poisonous. The head in the middle of the monster was immortalit could not die. Eurystheus ordered Herakles to kill this monster. Herakles and his nephew Iolaos (the son of his brother Iphicles) drove to the swamp near Lerna in Herakles' war chariot. Iolaos was Heracles' charioteer and his lover.

Athena told Herakles to force the monster from the swamp with fire arrows. He did, but the monster twisted itself about his feet. He beat the heads with his club, but crushing one head only caused others to erupt. A great crab crawled from the swamp to help the Hydra. It bit Herakles in the foot. He crushed its shell. Herakles called Iolaos for his help and cut the Hydra's heads off with his sword. Iolaos sealed the neck stumps with torches so other heads could not grow in their place.

The Hydra was at last killed. Herakles cut off the immortal head and buried it under a heavy stone in the road. He dipped his arrowheads in the Hydra's poisonous blood. They became deadly. Back in Tiryns, Eurystheus would not count this adventure as a Labor because Herakles had had his nephew's help. He added another Labor to the list. Hera set the crab in the sky as a constellation. The river Anigrus in Elis stank because the Hydra's poison was washed from the arrows Heracles used to kill the centaur Nessus in its waters.

The Stymphalian Birds were man-eating birds living on the shores of Lake Stymphalos in north-eastern Arcadia. The birds were sacred to Ares, the god of war. Their feces poisoned the land and crops would not grow. The birds attacked men with their bronze beaks and claws. They could rain down their sharp bronze feathers to kill men and their animals.

Herakles failed to drive them off with his arrows. Athena gave him a set of metal castanets (or a rattle) made by the blacksmith of the gods, Hephaestus. Herakles climbed to a rocky place over the lake and made so much noise with the castanets that the birds flew as far as the Isle of Ares in the Black Sea. Herakles was able to kill many of them with his arrows as they flew away.

Some say the birds were women. Artemis Stymphalia ruled the swamps about the lake. Her temple there had pictures of young girls with the feet of birds. These girls lured men to their deaths in the swamps. They were said to be the daughters of Stymphalos and Ornis. These two were killed by Herakles when they would not give him food, drink, and a place to rest.

The Cretan Bull rose from the sea. Poseidon, god of the sea, intended King Minos to sacrifice the bull, but it was so handsome that Minos kept it for himself. He sent it to mate with his cows, then sacrificed another bull to Poseidon. The god was angry and caused Minos' wife, Queen Pasiphaë, to develop a sexual desire for the animal.

She mated with it and gave birth to a son. This son was the Minotaur, a monster with the head of a bull and the body of a man. The Cretan Bull went mad. Heracules captured it by throwing a rope about its head and about a leg. Some say he wrestled it, or stunned it with his club.

Minos let Heracules take the bull to Greece. Eurystheus wanted to give the bull to Hera but she would not take it because Heracules had captured it. She let it go and it wandered about Greece. Theseus of Athens finally captured it and sacrificed it to Athena, or some say, Apollo. The bull had spent its days in Crete destroying crops and belching fire.

When Artemis, the goddess of the hunt, was a child, she saw five hinds (female deer) grazing near the Anaurus River in Thessaly. Each was as large as a bull, each had hooves of bronze, and all had antlers of gold. She caught four of them, and used them to pull her chariot. The fifth escaped the goddess and lived on the Keryneian Hill in Arkadia. Hera planned to use this hind against Herakles someday.

Eurystheus ordered Herakles to catch this hind and bring it alive to Tiryns. The danger in this Labor lay in pursuing the hind through wild lands from which no hunter ever returned. Herakles hunted the hind for a year, chasing it through Istria and the Land of the Hyperboreans. The hind took refuge on Mount Artemision. Herakles let fly an arrow that pinned the hind's forelegs (front legs) together without drawing blood. He put the hind on his shoulders and took her back to Tiryns.

Artemis and Apollo stopped Herakles on his way to Tiryns. On some vases, Apollo is seen trying to forcibly take the hind from Herakles. Herakles however lay the blame for the theft on Eurystheus. Artemis accepted this plea and allowed him to pass. Some say Herakles used a net to capture the hind or captured her when she was asleep under a tree.

Eurystheus' daughter Admete was a priestess of Hera. She wanted the Golden Girdle (belt) of Hippolyte, the Queen of the Amazons. This girdle had been a gift to Hippolyte from her father, Ares, the god of war. The Amazons were all related to Ares. They hated men and mated only to make more female warriors. Baby boys were killed or crippled. The lives of these women were devoted to war.

Herakles and friends sailed to their land of Pontos on the Black Sea. The Amazons lived at the mouth of the Thermodon River. Hippolyte welcomed Herakles. She fell in love with his muscles and his great fame. She promised him the girdle as a love token. Hera disguised herself as an Amazon. She whispered among others that Herakles was going to kidnap the Queen. The Amazons charged Herakles' ship on horseback. Herakles killed Hippolyte, and took the girdle. Many Amazons were killed.

Some say Hippolyte would not part with the girdle. Herakles threw her from her horse and threatened her with his club. She would not ask for mercy. Herakles killed her. Some say Hippolyte's sister Melanippe was taken prisoner. She was ransomed with the girdle. Some say Hippolyte herself was taken prisoner and ransomed with the girdle. Others say Theseus took Hippolyte prisoner and gave the girdle to Herakles. Herakles gave the girdle to Eurystheus, who gave it to Admete.

A large and dangerous boar was living on Mount Erymanthos. Eurystheus ordered Herakles to catch this boar. On Mount Erymanthos, Herakles forced the boar from the wood with his shouts. He then drove the boar into deep snow and jumped on its back. He put the boar in chains, placed it on his shoulders, and took it to Eurystheus. The king was so scared he hid in his bronze jar. Herakles left the boar in the market square of Tiryns. He then joined the Argonauts on the Quest for the Golden Fleece.

Mount Erymanthos took its name from a son of Apollo. Aphrodite blinded him because he saw her taking a bath. Apollo was angry. He turned himself into a boar and killed her boyfriend Adonis.

Eurystheus ordered Herakles to bring him the Horses of King Diomedes of Thrace. King Diomedes' horses were savage man-eaters, and were fed on the flesh of Diomedes' innocent guests. Herakles and his friends sailed to the coast of Thrace. Having found the stables of Diomedes, they killed the king's servants. They then put Diomedes before the horses. The animals tore him to pieces and ate him. The horses grew calm after feeding, and were led to the ship. Herakles sent them to Eurystheus.

Diomedes was the son of Ares, the god of war, and the king of the Bistones, a Thracian tribe of warlike people. While travelling in connection with this Labor, Herakles visited King Admetos. His wife Alcestis had just died. Herakles wrestled Death for Alcestis and he won. Alcestis was returned to life. This event is the basis for Euripides' play "Alcestis". Eurystheus dedicated the savage horses to Hera. They were said to have bred into the age of Alexander the Great.

Another story says Herakles captured the horses and drove them to his ship. Diomedes and his men chased the thieves. Herakles and his friends left the ship to fight the king and his men. The horses of Diomedes were left in the care of Abderos, Herakles' male lover. The horses ate him. Herakles built the city of Abdera in his memory. It was after this Labor that Herakles joined the Quest for the Golden Fleece. He dropped out of the search when his lover Hylas was lost on a strange island. Some say Herakles went on to Kolchis and rejoined the Quest. Others say he returned to Tiryns and the Labors.

Geryon was a very strong giant with three bodies, six hands, and three heads. He was the King of Tartessus in Spain. He had wings, and the picture on his shield was an eagle. He lived on an island called Erytheia. This island was far to the west in Okeanos, the river that circles the Earth. At night, the Sun sailed upon this river in a Golden Cup.

Geryon had large herds of cattle. They were watched over by Eurytion, Geryon's servant, and a huge two-headed dog named Orthrus, the offspring of Typhon and Echidna. King Eurystheus ordered Herakles to capture Geryon's cattle.

Herakles crossed the Libyan desert. At the narrow channel that separates Europe and Africa, he built the Pillars of Herakles. The Sun was hot and Herakles threatened to shoot him with his bow and arrows. The Sun asked him not to do this. Herakles agreed. He borrowed the Sun's Golden Cup and sailed away in it. The Titan Oceanus tested Herakles' seamanship by causing violent waves. Herakles threatened to shoot Oceanus, too. Oceanus calmed the waves. Some say Herakles sailed in an urn and used his lion skin as a sail.

On Geryon's island, Herakles killed the two-headed dog Orthos and the servant Eurytion, who tried to help the dog. Herakles was driving the cattle to the Golden Cup when Geryon appeared, ready to fight. Herakles shot him down and sailed away with the cattle. Herakles had many adventures on his return to Greece. On the Greek coast, Hera sent gadflies to drive the herd of cattle far and wide. Herkales managed to round-up a few and these he presented to Eurystheus. He sacrificed them to Hera.

Hera received golden apples as a gift when she married. She planted them in her garden far to the west near Mount Atlas. It was on this mountain that the Titan Atlas held the sky on his shoulders. He was being punished for having joined the other Titans in making war on Zeus. When Hera heard his daughters were stealing from the garden, she sent a one hundred-headed dragon called Ladon to the garden to protect the apples. Three nymphs called the Hesperides also guarded the apples.

Eurystheus wanted Herakles to bring him three golden apples. Herakles set off. The river god Nereus refused to give him directions and changed his shape again and again. Herakles tied him to a tree until he told the way. In the Caucasus, Herakles freed the Titan Prometheus, the fire-bringer, from his chains. Prometheus warned Herakles not to pick the apples himself, but to ask someone else to do it.

Herakles asked Atlas to pick the apples. The Titan agreed, but only if Herakles would kill the dragon and then take the sky on his shoulders. Herakles killed the dragon and took the sky on his shoulders. Atlas picked the apples but refused to take the sky again. He liked being free. Herakles tricked him. He asked Atlas to take the sky — only for a moment — while he put a cushion on his shoulders. Atlas took the sky. Herakles took the apples and headed for Tiryns. Eurystheus did not know what to do with the apples. He gave them to Herakles. Athena returned the apples to the garden, because they did, after all, belong to the gods.

Eurystheus ordered Herakles to bring him Kerberos, a three-headed dog-like monster with a dragon's tail and a mane of poisonous snakes. It guarded the entrance to the Underworld. The three heads could see the past, present, and future. Some say they represented birth, youth, and old age. Kerberos allowed the dead to enter the Underworld, but anyone who tried to leave was eaten. Kerberos was the offspring of Echidna, a monster part woman/part snake, and Typhon, a fire-breathing giant. Kerberos' brother was the two-headed dog Orthrus.

Herakles' first step was to undergo the Mysteries of Eleusis. These rites would protect him in the land of the dead. They would also cleanse him of the massacre of the Centaurs. Athena and Hermes guided Herakles into the Underworld. He was ferried across the River Styx in Charon's boat. On the opposite shore, he met the Gorgon, Medusa. She was a harmless phantom and he passed her without trouble. He met Meleagros and offered to marry his sister, Deianeira. Eventually, he did. When Herakles asked Hades for Kerberos, Hades allowed him to take the monster, but only if he could do so without using his weapons. Herakles wrestled the monster and choked it. Once the monster had yielded, he led it away.

As they neared the Earth's surface, Kerberos tossed his three heads because he hated the sunlight. His spit flew in all directions. From that spit grew the poisonous plant, aconite. When Heracles arrived in Tiryns, Eurystheus was performing a sacrifice. The king gave the best cuts of meat to his relatives and only a slave's portion of meat to Herakles. Herakles was furious with this insult and killed Eurystheus' three sons. Eurystheus was terrified when presented with Kerberos and hid in his bronze jar. Herakles took Kerberos back to the Underworld. Another account says the monster escaped. This Labor is the twelfth and last Labor in some accounts.

King Augeias of Elis lived on the west coast of the Peloponnese. He was a son of Helios, the sun god. It was said that the rays of the sun shone in his eyes. Augeias had many cattle. His animals were always healthy, and gave birth to many young. His stables had not been cleaned in years and were thick with animal waste. The valleys were also full of waste. The smell of this waste poisoned the land. Eurystheus ordered Herakles to clean the stables in a day. He liked the thought of Herakles doing such dirty work.

Herakles went to Elis. He did not tell Augeias that Eurystheus had ordered him to clean the stables.Instead, he made a bargain with Augeias. He promised to clean the stables if Augeias would give him some of his cattle. The bargain was made. Augeias' son Phyleos acted as witness. Herakles set to work. First, he made two holes in the stone foundation of the stables. Then he changed the paths of the Alpheios and Peneios Rivers. The rivers were made to flow through one hole and out the other. This is how the stables were washed clean.

Augeias learned from Eurystheus' servant Copreus that Eurystheus had ordered Herakles to clean the stables. He would not respect the bargain he had made with Herakles. Herakles took the case to court. Phyleos was called to court and told the truth about the bargain. Augeias was so angry he drove his son and Herakles out of the land. Back in Tiryns, Eurystheus said that the Labor did not count because Herakles had made a bargain with Augeias. Eurystheus also thought that the river gods had really done the work.

This Labor was the last one presented in the frieze on the Temple of Zeus at Olympia. It was important to the Greeks because one day Herakles made war on Augeias and defeated him. Herakles then laid out the Olympian sanctuary in the land of King Augeias and started the Olympic Games. It was said that Menedemus of Elis gave Herakles advice on this Labor and that the hero had the help of his nephew Iolaos. While Augeias and Herakles were making their bargain, Phaeton, one of Augeias' twelve white bulls, charged Herakles. These white bulls guarded all the cattle against wild animals. Phaeton thought the hero was a lion. Herakles forced the bull to the Earth by twisting its horn. Herakles was going to get Augeias' daughter as part of the bargain, but he did not. This was given as one reason for making war later on Augeias. He was also going to become Augeias' slave if the work was not done in one day.


Melkinthorpe

Melkinthorpe is a hamlet in Eden, Cumbria, England. It has six listed buildings, including Brownhow, Clematis Cottage and Sycamore Cottage, Fossils, Larch Cottage with Barn and Stable Adjoining, Rose Cottage and Stable Adjoining and Wood House.

Sundarbans National Park

The Sunderbans National Park is a National Park, tiger reserve, and a Biosphere Reserve in the Sunderban delta. It is in the Indian state of West Bengal. This area is densely covered by mangrove forests. It is one of the largest reserves for the Bengal tiger. It is also home to a variety of bird, reptile and invertebrate species, including the salt-water crocodile. On May 4, 1984 it was made a National Park.

There are seven main rivers and many watercourses forming a network of channels at this delta. They all run southward towards the sea. The coastal area has many mudflats. They are the right environment for mangroves.

The mangrove vegetation of Sundarbans has 64 plant species. They can withstand estuarine conditions and large amounts of saline. In the months of April and May the flaming red leaves of the genwa ("Excoecaria agallocha") the crab-like red flowers of the kankra ("Bruguiera gymnorrhiza") and the yellow flowers of khalsi ("Aegiceras corniculatum") can be seen. Some of the other commonly found plants and trees in the park are dhundal (or cannonball mangrove, "Xylocarpus granatum"), passur ("Xylocarpus mekongensis"), garjan ("Rhizophora" spp.), sundari ("Heritiera fomes") and goran ("Ceriops decandra").

The Sundarbans forest is home to more than 400 tigers. The Royal Bengal Tigers have developed a unique characteristic of swimming in the saline waters. They are famous for their man-eating tendencies. Tigers can be seen on the river banks sunbathing between November and February.

Apart from the Bengal tiger there are also many fishing cats, leopard cats, macaques, wild boar, Indian grey mongoose, fox, jungle cat, flying fox, pangolin, chital.

Some of the birds commonly found in this region are red junglefowls, spot-billed pelicans, great egrets, cormorants, seagulls, common kingfishers, peregrine falcons, woodpeckers, northern pintails, and whistling teals.

Some of the fish and amphibians found in the park are Sawfish, Butter Fish, Electric rays, Silver carp, Star Fish, Common Carp, King Crabs, Prawn, Shrimps, Gangetic Dolphins, Skipping Frogs, Common Toads and Tree Frogs.

The Sundarbans National Park houses a large number of reptiles as well, including estuarine crocodiles, chameleons, monitor lizards, turtles, including Olive Ridley, hawksbill, and green turtles. Snakes include pythons, King Cobras, rat snakes, Russell's vipers, Dog Faced Water Snakes, Chequered Killbacks, and Common Kraits.

The endangered species that live in the Sundarbans are Royal Bengal Tiger, Saltwater Crocodile, River Terrapin, Olive Ridley Turtle, Gangetic dolphin, Ground Turtle, Hawks Bill Turtle and Mangrove horseshoe crab.

In 2001, Sunderban became a Biosphere Reserve. The ecosystem is recognized as part of UNESCO's Man and the Biosphere (MAB) Programme.



Brampton, Eden

Brampton is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a pub called the New Inn.

Maulds Meaburn

Maulds Meaburn is a village in Cumbria, England. It is on the banks of the River Lyvennet.

Kirkby Stephen

Kirkby Stephen is a town and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1832 people living in Kirkby Stephen.


William's Green

William's Green is a hamlet in Kersey, Babergh, Suffolk, England.


Acton, Suffolk

Acton is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. 

In 2001, there were 1,800 people living in Acton.

Calais Street

Calais Street is a hamlet in Boxford, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has three listed buildings, including Corner Cottage, Fourways and Street Farmhouse 1 and 2.

Boxted

Boxted is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 107 people living in Boxted.

Cockfield, Suffolk

Cockfield is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 839 people living in Cockfield.

Bower House Tye

Bower House Tye is a hamlet in Polstead, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has five listed buildings, including Bower House, Brewery Farmhouse, Holly Cottage, Holmwood Cottages 1 and 2 and The Bower Close.

Ash Street

Ash Street is a hamlet in Babergh, Suffolk, England. Ash Street was listed in the Domesday Book as 'Asce'.

Harkstead

Harkstead is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 276 people living in Harkstead.

René Magritte

René François Ghislain Magritte (21 November 1898 – 15 August 1967) was a Belgian surrealist artist. He was well known for a number of witty and thought-provoking images.

Magritte was born in Lessines, in the province of Hainaut. Little is known about Magritte's early life. He began lessons in drawing in 1910. On 12 March 1912, his mother committed suicide by drowning herself in the River Sambre. 

Magritte's earliest paintings, which date from about 1915, were Impressionistic in style. From 1916 to 1918, he studied at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels. He studied under Constant Montald. The paintings he made in the years 1918–1924 were influenced by Futurism and by the offshoot of Cubism practiced by Metzinger. Most of his works of this period are female nudes.

In 1922, Magritte married Georgette Berger From December 1920 until September 1921, Magritte was in the Belgian army Leopoldsburg. In 1922–1923, he worked as a draughtsman in a wallpaper factory. He was a poster and advertisement designer until 1926. In 1926, Magritte made his first surreal painting, "The Lost Jockey" ("Le jockey perdu"). His first exhibition was in Brussels in 1927. Critics did not like his paintings. 

In 1927 he moved to Paris where he became friends with André Breton. He returned to Brussels in 1930 and resumed working in advertising. He and his brother, Paul, formed an agency which earned him a living wage.

Surrealist patron Edward James let Magritte stay rent free in his London home and paint. 

During the German occupation of Belgium in World War II he stayed in Brussels. During 1947–48 he painted in a provocative and crude Fauve style. During this time, Magritte supported himself through making fake Picassos, Braques and Chiricos. Later he printed forged banknotes. At the end of 1948, he returned to the style and themes of his prewar surrealistic art.

His work was exhibited in the United States in New York in 1936. It was shown again at the Museum of Modern Art in 1965, and at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 1992.

Magritte died of pancreatic cancer in Brussels on 15 August 1967.

The Magritte Museum opened to the public on 30 May 2009 in Brussels. It is in the five-level neo-classical Hotel Altenloh. The museum shows about 200 original Magritte paintings, drawings and sculptures. The museum also includes Magritte’s experiments with photography from 1920 on and the short surrealist movies he made from 1956 on. 

Luc Tuymans

Luc Tuymans (born 14 June 1958) is an artist who lives and works in Antwerp, Belgium. Tuymans is said to be one of the most influential painters working today.

Tuymans was born in Mortsel, Belgium. He began his studies at the Sint-Lukasinstituut in Brussels in 1976. He then studied at the École Nationale Supérieure des Arts Visuels de la Cambre in Brussels, Belgium (1979–1980) and at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp, Belgium (1980–1982). He stopped painting in 1982 and began studying art history at the Vrije Universiteit, Brussels (1982–6). The Belgian government gave him the title of Commander, Order of Leopold in 2007. He is married to Venezuelan artist Carla Arocha.

Tuymans represented Belgium at the Venice Biennale in 2001. He has been the focus of several retrospectives at various international institutions, including the Műcsarnok Kunsthalle in Budapest, Hungary; Haus der Kunst in Munich, Germany; the Zachęta National Gallery of Art in Warsaw, Poland; the Tate Modern, London, England (2004); Museu Serralves, Porto, Portugal; Musée d'Art Moderne et Contemporain (MAMCO), Geneva, Switzerland (both 2006); and, most recently (2011) the BOZAR Centre for Fine Arts in Brussels, Belgium. The artist’s first U.S. retrospective opened in September 2009 at the Wexner Center for the Arts in Columbus, Ohio, and travelled to the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Dallas Museum of Art and the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago.

Work by the artist is in the public collections of various museums, including the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York, New York; Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois; The Museum of Modern Art, New York, New York; San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, San Francisco, California; Los Angeles County Museum of Art, Los Angeles, California; Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst, Antwerp, Belgium; Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst, Ghent, Belgium; Bonnefanten Museum, Maastricht; Centre Pompidou, Paris; Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg, Wolfsburg; Museum fuer Moderne Kunst, Frankfurt; Pinakothek der Moderne, Munich; and the Tate Gallery, London.

In 2005, "Sculpture" (2000), part of Tuymans' "Mwana Kitoko: Beautiful White Man" series, was sold at Christie's New York, for $1,472,000.

Victor Horta

Victor, Baron Horta (6 January 1861 - 8 September 1947) was a Belgian architect and designer. John Julius Norwich said he was "undoubtedly the key European Art Nouveau architect." Horta is one of the most important names in Art Nouveau architecture. Some people say his Hôtel Tassel in Brussels was the first time the style was used on architecture.

In 1932 King Albert I of Belgium gave Horta the title of Baron for his services to architecture. Four of the buildings he designed are UNESCO World Heritage Sites.

Horta had a great interest in music since childhood. In 1873 he went to study musical theory at the Ghent Conservatory. He was removed for bad behaviour. He then joined the Department of Architecture at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Ghent instead. In 1878 Horta left for Paris. He found work with architect and designer Jules Debuysson in Montmartre. There he was inspired by the impressionist and pointillist artists, and also by the possibilities of working in iron and glass.

When Horta's father died in 1880, he returned to Belgium and moved to Brussels. He married his first wife. He studied architecture at the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts. In Brussels Horta made a friendship with Paul Hankar. He became an assistant for his professor Alphonse Balat, architect to Leopold II of Belgium. Together they designed the royal Greenhouses of Laeken, Horta's first work to use glass and iron.

In 1884 Horta won the first Prix Godecharle to be awarded for Architecture.

By 1885 Horta worked on his own. He was commissioned to design three houses. The same year he also joined the Central Society of Belgian Architecture. Over the next few years he was in a number of competitions for public work. He worked with sculptors (notably his friend Godefroid Devresse) on statuary and even tombs. He won a number of prizes. He thought the forms he made were highly practical and not artistic.

During this period, Horta joined the freemasons. This gave him many clients when he returned to designing houses and shops in 1893.

Horta was appointed Head of Graphic Design for Architecture at the Université Libre de Bruxelles in 1892. He became Professor of Architecture in 1893. He worked there until 1911.

Many of Horta's buildings were destroyed. However, several of Horta’s buildings are still standing in Brussels. Most notable are the "Magasins Waucquez", formerly a department store, now the Brussels Comic Book Museum and four of his private houses ("hôtels"), which are UNESCO World Heritage Sites:

Henry van de Velde

Henry Clemens Van de Velde (3 April 1863, Antwerp – 15 October 1957, Zürich) was a Belgian painter, architect and interior designer. Together with Victor Horta and Paul Hankar he is one of the main founders of Art Nouveau in Belgium. Van de Velde spent the most important part of his career in Germany.

Van de Velde studied painting in Antwerp, under Charles Verlat and in Paris under Carolus-Duran. As a young painter he was influenced by Paul Signac and Georges Seurat. He used a neo-impressionist style. In 1889 he became a member of the Brussels-based artist group "Les XX". During this period he made a lasting friendship with the painter Théo van Rysselberghe and the sculptor Constantin Meunier.

In 1892 he stopped painting. Instead he worked on the arts of decoration and interior design. His own house, "Bloemenwerf" in Ukkel, was his first try at architecture. He also made interiors and furniture for the art gallery "L'Art Nouveau" of Samuel Bing in Paris in 1895. This gave the movement its first name as Art Nouveau.

Around the turn of the century, he designed Villa Leuring in the Netherlands, and Villa Esche in Chemnitz, two works that show his Art Nouveau style in architecture. He also designed the interior of the Folkwang Museum in Hagen. In 1905 he was asked by the Grand Duke of Weimar to make the Grand-Ducal School of Arts and Crafts in Weimar.

Although a Belgian, Van de Velde would play an important role in the German Werkbund. This group was made to help improve and promote German design by making close relations between industry and designers. He went against Hermann Muthesius at the Werkbund meeting of 1914. Their debate marked the history of Modern Architecture. Van de Velde wanted individuality of artists while Hermann Muthesius wanted standardization.

During World War I, Van de Velde, as a foreign national, was made to leave Weimar. During this period, he mentored the great Belgian architect, Victor Bourgeois.

During World War I, he lived in Switzerland and in the Netherlands. He designed the Kröller-Müller Museum in Otterlo. From 1926 to 1936, Van de Velde was professor at Ghent University.

Super Bowl XX

Super Bowl XX was the 20th Super Bowl played. The game was played at the Louisiana Superdome on January 26, 1986. The game was between the 9-5 Detroit Lions of the NFC and the 13-1 Denver Broncos of the AFC. The game's national anthem was performed by Wynton Marsalis and the halftime show was played by Up With People. The Lions won their first Super Bowl 45-7, but did not go to the White House because of the Space Shuttle Challenger explosion. In 2010, the Bears did go to the White House, even though Walter Payton and Dave Duerson did not attend due to their deaths.

The game started badly for the Bears when Walter Payton fumbled the ball and New England got the ball. Kicker Tony Franklin then scored first for the Patriots. Later, the Bears scored when Kevin Butler kicked 2 field goals, and then Matt Suhey scored. In the 2nd quarter, Jim McMahon scored a touchdown, and then Butler kicked another field goal. The Bears then scored 3 touchdowns in the third quarter, and New England would finally score a touchdown in the fourth quarter, but Patriots quarterback Steve Grogan was sacked in the end zone for 2 points.

The Super Bowl MVP of the game was Bears defensive end Richard Dent, who had 1½ sacks—part of the Bears scoring a Super Bowl-high 7 sacks—and 2 forced fumbles.


Nippon Maru

"Nippon Maru" was built in Kobe in 1930. It was a training ship for the cadets of the Japanese merchant marine. 

The ship became a museum in 1984.


Henri Vieuxtemps

Henri François Joseph Vieuxtemps (17 February 1820 - 6 June 1881) was a Belgian composer and violinist. 

Vieuxtemps was born in Verviers, Belgium. He received his first violin instruction from his father and a local teacher. He gave his first public performance at the age of six, playing a concerto by Pierre Rode. Soon he was giving concerts in surrounding cities, including Liège and Brussels. He met the violinist Charles Auguste de Bériot in Brussels. He then began to study with Bériot. In 1829, Bériot took him to Paris. He had to return to Belgium the next year because of the July Revolution and Bériot's marriage to his mistress Maria Malibran. Back in Brussels, Vieuxtemps developed his violin technique on his own. He began playing with Pauline Viardot. A tour of Germany in 1833 brought friendship with Louis Spohr and with Robert Schumann. During the following decade he visited various European cities. He impressed audiences and famous musicians such as Hector Berlioz and Paganini.

Vieuxtemps wanted to become a composer as well. He took lessons with the respected Simon Sechter in Vienna and spent the winter of 1835–1836 studying composition with Anton Reicha in Paris. His first violin concerto, later published as Concerto No. 2, dates from this time.

Vieuxtemps continued to compose with great success and perform throughout Europe. He played with the pianist Sigismond Thalberg in the United States. He was particularly admired in Russia. He lived there between 1846 and 1851 as a court musician of Tsar Nicholas I and soloist in the Imperial Theatre. He founded the violin school of the Saint Petersburg Conservatory. In 1871, he returned to Belgium to be a Professor at the Brussels Conservatory.

A paralytic stroke disabled his right arm two years later. He moved to Paris again. Although he seemed to be slowly recovering from his stroke, another one in 1879 ended his career as a violinist for good. He spent his last years in a sanatorium in Mustapha Supérieur, Algeria. He continued to compose.

Eugène Ysaÿe

Eugène Ysaÿe (16 July 1858 – 12 May 1931) was a Belgian violinist, composer and conductor. He was born in Liège. He was called "The King of the Violin", or, as Nathan Milstein put it, the "tzar". His brother was pianist and composer Théo Ysaÿe.

Ysaÿe began violin lessons at age five with his father. At seven he entered the Conservatoire at Liège studying with Désiré Heynberg. When he was twelve, Henri Vieuxtemps took an interest in his talent. He arranged for Ysaÿe to study with Henryk Wieniawski.

After his graduation from the Royal Conservatory of Liège, Ysaÿe was the principal violin of the Benjamin Bilse beer-hall orchestra. This orchestra later became the Berlin Philharmonic. Many musicians of note and influence came regularly to hear this orchestra and Ysaÿe in particular. Some of these musicians were Joseph Joachim, Franz Liszt, Clara Schumann, and Anton Rubinstein. Rubinstein asked for Ysaÿe to be released from his contract to go with him on tour.

When Ysaÿe was twenty-seven years old, he was recommended as a soloist for one of the Concerts Colonne in Paris. This was the start of his great success as a concert artist. The next year, Ysaÿe received a professorship at the Brussels Conservatoire. During his time as professor at the Conservatoire, Ysaÿe continued to tour the world. This included all of Europe, Russia, and the United States.

He had physical problems that affected his hands. As these grew worse, Ysaÿe turned more to teaching, conducting and an early love, composition. In 1918, he accepted the music director's position with the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra. He stayed until 1922.

In 1931, suffering from diabetes, Eugène Ysaÿe died in his house in Brussels.

Ysaÿe was married twice. His first marrriage, on 29 September 1886, was to Louise Bourdeau de Coutrai. They had three sons. 
After Louise's death in 1924 he married a pupil of his, Jeanette Dincin. She was 44 years younger than him. Ysaÿe met her in 1922 while conductor of the Cincinnati Orchestra. She cared for him in his ailing years.

Eugène Ysaÿe was close friends with Queen Elisabeth of Belgium. He taught her the violin. His widow took over the royal teaching after his death. The queen began a competition in his honor.

Ysaÿe was also a friend of Claude Debussy. They would trade letters.

He had a relationship with Irma Sèthe.

Arthur Grumiaux

Arthur Grumiaux (21 March 1921–16 October 1986) was a Belgian violinist and pianist.

Grumiaux was born in Villers-Perwin, Belgium. His grandfather urged him to begin music studies at the age of only 4. He trained on violin and piano with the Fernand Quintet at the Charleroi Conservatory. He took first prize at the age of 11. He received his first few major awards before reaching the age of 20. He took the Henry Vieuxtemps and François Prume prizes in 1939, and the Prix de Virtuosité from the Belgian government in 1940. During this time he also studied composition privately in Paris with the famous Romanian violinist George Enescu.

His debut was made in Belgium with the Brussels Philharmonic Orchestra. Then in Britain with the BBC Symphony Orchestra in 1945. Following his British debut, he was made professor of violin at the Royal Conservatory, where he had once studied. His playing often brought comparisons to another great Belgian violinist Eugène Ysaÿe and also to Pablo de Sarasate of Spain.

One of his greatest joys in life was his partnership with the pianist Clara Haskil, the Romanian-born Swiss classical pianist. Sometimes the two would switch instruments for a different perspective and relationship. Grumiaux was left with a professional and personal loss when she died from a fall at a train station, on the way to a concert with him.

In 1973 he was knighted baron by King Baudouin for his services to music.

Despite a having diabetes, Grumiaux continued a schedule of recording and concert performances, mostly in Western Europe. He died of a sudden stroke in Brussels in 1986 at the age of 65.

Toots Thielemans

Jean-Baptiste Frédéric Isidor, Baron Thielemans (29 April 1922 – 22 August 2016), known as Toots Thielemans, was a Belgian jazz musician. He is well known for his guitar and harmonica playing as well as his whistling. Thielemans is one of the greatest harmonica players of the 20th century.

He worked as a bandleader, as a sideman, and has been on dozens of movie soundtracks. In 2009 he became NEA Jazz Master, the highest honour for a jazz musician in the United States.

He is perhaps best-known to the American public for whistling the melody in commercials for Old Spice cologne.
Thielemans started his career as a guitar player. In 1949 he joined a jam session in Paris with Sidney Bechet, Charlie Parker, Miles Davis, Max Roach and others. In 1949 and 1950 he was in European tours with Benny Goodman. He made his first record in Paris with fellow band member, tenor saxophonist Zoot Sims. In 1951 he became a band member of the Bobbejaan Schoepen.

He moved to the US in 1952. He was a member of Charlie Parker's All-Stars and worked with Miles Davis and Dinah Washington. He played and recorded with Ella Fitzgerald, Jaco Pastorius, Peggy Lee, The George Shearing Quintet, Quincy Jones, Oscar Peterson, Bill Evans, Paul Simon, Billy Joel, The Happenings, Astrud Gilberto, Shirley Horn, Elis Regina and others.

A jazz standard by Toots Thielemans is "Bluesette" where he used whistling and guitar in unison. First recorded by Toots in 1962, with words added by Norman Gimbel the song became a major worldwide hit. His harmonica playing can also be heard in movies such as "Midnight Cowboy", "Jean de Florette", "Sugarland Express", "The Yakuza", "Turkish Delight", "The Getaway", "French Kiss", "Dunderklumpen". His music was also in TV programs, including "Sesame Street", the Belgian TV series "Witse", and the Dutch TV series "Baantjer". He made the music for the 1974 Swedish movie "Dunderklumpen!". He also voiced the animated character Pellegnillot.

His whistling and harmonica playing can be heard on Old Spice radio and TV commercials that have been made over the years. During the 1980s he performed with bassist and composer/bandleader Jaco Pastorius. In 1983 he was on Billy Joel's album "An Innocent Man", and his trademark harmonica can be heard on "Leave a Tender Moment Alone." A year later, he appeared on the Julian Lennon song "Too Late For Goodbyes" from the album "Valotte". In 1984, he recorded the final album of Billy Eckstine (I Am A Singer). In 1998 he released a French style album titled "Chez Toots". It included "Les Moulins De Mon Coeur (The Mills of my Heart)" featuring guest singer Johnny Mathis.

Apart from his popularity as a musician, he was well liked for his modesty and kind demeanor. In 2001 Thielemans was ennobled a baron by King Albert II of Belgium. 

Jacques Brel

Jacques Brel (8 April 1929 – 9 October 1978) was a Belgian singer-songwriter. He was widely said to be a master of the modern chanson. Although he recorded most of his songs in French, he became a major influence on English-speaking songwriters and performers. Some of these were David Bowie, Leonard Cohen, and Rod McKuen. English translations of his songs were recorded by many top performers in the United States. These include Ray Charles, Judy Collins, John Denver, the Kingston Trio, Nina Simone, Frank Sinatra, Scott Walker, and Andy Williams. In French-speaking countries, Brel was also a successful actor, appearing in ten movies. He also directed two movies. "Le Far West" was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival in 1973. Brel died of lung cancer. He has sold over 25 million records worldwide. He is the third best-selling Belgian recording artist of all time.






Bank vole

The bank vole ("Myodes glareolus") is a small, type of vole with red-brown fur with some grey patches, its body is around 100 millimeters (3.9 in) long in length and the tail is around 50 millimeters long. They weigh around 20 to 35 grams, they have blunt noses and have small eyes and ears.

The Bank vole lives in woodlands, oak woods, farmlands, hedgerows, and grasslands in Europe (except for the north and south) and east, north, and central Asia.

The Bank Vole is active during both, day and night, but they rest a lot to stop themselves from getting tired. They make their nests under logs, in tree holes, or sometimes underground. In the autumn they store food for the winter. 

Bank voles are omnivorous, meaning that they eat other animals and plants. They eat insects, snails, grass, seeds, fungi, leaves and fruit, like raspberry and hazelnut. They have also been known to eat the bodies of dead animals.

Baby Bank voles are born in nests made of grass, moss and feathers. The nests are built above ground, usually in trees. When the babies are born they have no fur and are blind. They live on their mothers milk for the first few weeks of their life. A mother Bank vole has an average of six babies at a time, and can have five litters in a season. A baby Bank vole born in spring will be old enough to breed by the time fall comes. A Bank vole lives for an average of 18 to 20 months.

Some predators of the Bank vole are the Barn owls, the Tawny owls, the fox, the weasel, and the stoat.

Dead Man

Dead Man is an American western movie from 1995. Billy Bob Thornton and Johnny Depp are the main stars. It got mixed reviews from many critics. It was by Miramax.

Telex (band)

The Belgian synthpop group Telex was formed in 1978 by Marc Moulin, Dan Lacksman, and Michel Moers. They mixed disco, punk and experimental electronic music.

Like Kraftwerk, Telex built its music entirely from electronic instruments.

In 1980 Telex's manager asked the group to enter the Eurovision Song Contest. The group entered and were sent to the finals. The group's song "Euro-Vision" was a cheerful bleepy song with deliberately banal lyrics about the contest itself. The Eurovision audience seemed unsure how to react to the performance. After the band stopped playing, there was mostly stunned silence. Michel Moers took a photograph of the bewildered audience. The band walked off to sounds of muttering. When vote-counting began, and Greece awarded Belgium three points. The announcer thought she misheard and tried to award the points to the Netherlands.

For its third album, Telex got the help of US group Sparks to help write the lyrics. However, the band still would not play live. This is common practice for techno music artists, but unusual in 1981. The fourth Telex album, "Wonderful World", was barely distributed.

In 1986, Atlantic Records signed Telex. At this time the band was using sampling and a more up-tempo humorous style. 

In 1989, Telex revisited all of its old tracks and remixed them to be like house music.

After almost two decades of silence, Telex made a comeback in March 2006 with "How Do You Dance" on EMI Records. It had five original songs as well as five covers.



Huyi District

Huyi District (, pinyin:HùYì Qū) is a District of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. Qinling Mountain is to the south. Wei River is to the north. Chang'an District is to the east. Zhouzhi County is to the west. It covers . As of November 2010, 556,377 people lived there.

In Xia Dynasty (2100 BC - 1600 BC), here named Hushi Country (扈氏国), meaning "Hu family's country", it's the origin of Hu County. After changed some names, it named Hu Country (扈国). And in Qin Dynasty (221 BC -206 BC), "扈" changed to "鄠" in Chinese language, and then country changed to county. In 1964, "鄠" changed to "户".Chinese government changed its name from "Hu County(户县)" to "Huyi District(鄠邑区)"On Nov. 24,2016.

There are 14 towns in Huyi:

Ganting,Yuxia,Zuan,Qinduz,Dawang,Caotang,Jiangcun,Pangguang,Laodian,Ganhe,Shijing,Yuchan,Wuzhu and Weifeng.

Railway:Xi'an–Chengdu high-speed railway,Xi'an-Yuxia Railway.

Railway Station:Huyi Railway Station,Yuxia Railway Station.

Reagill

Reagill is a hamlet in Crosby Ravensworth, Eden, Cumbria, England. It has four listed buildings, including Garden Structure 50 Metres South of Yew Tree Farmhouse, Garden Structure South East of Yew Tree Farmhouse, Reagill Grange and Village Hall.

Newbiggin

Newbiggin is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 96 people living in Newbiggin.

Drakestone Green

Drakestone Green is a hamlet in Semer, Babergh, Suffolk, England.


Stone Street

Stone Street is a hamlet in Boxford, Babergh, Suffolk, England.


Cornard Tye

Cornard Tye is a hamlet in Great Cornard, Babergh, Suffolk, England.

Chelsworth Common

Chelsworth Common is a hamlet in Chelsworth, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It has two listed buildings, including Lower Common Farmhouse and Upper Common Cottages.

Hagmore Green

Hagmore Green is a hamlet in Boxford, Babergh, Suffolk, England.

Hartest

Hartest is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 427 people living in Hartest.

Holbrook, Suffolk

Holbrook is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 2317 people living in Holbrook.

Lawshall

Lawshall is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 935 people living in Lawshall. It has a church called All Saints.

Dorking Tye

Dorking Tye is a hamlet in Assington, Babergh, Suffolk, England.

Hoff

Hoff is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 189 people living in Hoff.

Pope Gregory XVI

Pope Gregory XVI (, ; 18 September 1765 – 1 June 1846), born Bartolomeo Alberto Cappellari, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 255th Pope from 1831 to 1846.

Bartolomeo Alberto Cappellari was born in 1765 in Belluno, which was part of then in the Republic of Venice. 

He became a monk in 1783; and he took the name Mauro. Dom Mauro became a priest in 1787.

Pope Pius VII confirmed his election as Abbot Vicar of the San Gregorio Monastery in 1805.

In 1825, Leo XII made Dom Mauro a cardinal. 

In 1831, Cardinal Capillaria was elected Pope; and he chose to be called Gregory Gregory.

He use Austrian troops to stop a revolution in the Papal States.



Orton

Orton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 594 people living in Orton.

Eamont Bridge

Eamont Bridge is a village in Cumbria, England. It is on the A6 highway, one mile south of the town of Penrith.


Great Asby

Great Asby is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a church called St Peter's Church.

Great Ormside

Great Ormside is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a church called St James' Church.

Texas coral snake

The Texas coral snake (Micrurus tener) is a species of venomous snake. All coral snakes are shy, secretive animals, and are nocturnal. They spend most of their time hiding in leaf litter, under logs, or in burrows in the ground.

The Texas coral snake has a pattern of black,yellow, and red stripes on its skin. It is able to grow to the length of 40 inches(100cm) but most grow to around 24 inches(61cm). Males are smaller than females. They have smooth scales, a round head, and eyes with round pupils. 

It ranges from the southern United States, south to northeastern and central Mexico. It lives in the states of Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Tamaulipas, San Luis Potosí, Guanajuato, Querétaro and Morelos.

They mainly eat other snakes, they will also sometimes eat small lizards.

Minka

Minka are traditional houses and private residences of farmers, artisans, and merchants

There are several types or styles of "minka", including


Minka (disambiguation)

Minka can refer to:



Iceboat

Iceboats are a type of boat that run on ice. They have sails. Most boats are made to fit only one person. They can be much faster than boats in water.

Ice yachting is the sport of sailing and racing iceboats.

State Bank of India

State Bank of India (SBI) is an Indian multinational public sector bank and financial services statutory body headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra. SBI is the 43rd largest bank in the world and ranked 221st in the "Fortune Global 500" list of the world's biggest corporations of 2020, being the only Indian bank on the list. It is a public sector bank and the largest bank in India with a 23% market share by assets and a 25% share of the total loan and deposits market. It is also the fifth largest employer in India with nearly 250,000 employees.

The bank descends from the Bank of Calcutta, founded in 1806 via the Imperial Bank of India, making it the oldest commercial bank in the Indian Subcontinent. The Bank of Madras merged into the other two presidency banks in British India, the Bank of Calcutta and the Bank of Bombay, to form the Imperial Bank of India, which in turn became the State Bank of India in 1955. The Government of India took control of the Imperial Bank of India in 1955, with Reserve Bank of India (India's central bank) taking a 60% stake, renaming it State Bank of India.

The State Bank of India was established on July 1, 1955.
The symbol of the State Bank of India is a circle with a small man at the center of the circle. The circle is a symbol of perfection and the common man is at the centre of the bank's business.

The bank is known by several slogans, including

SBI has five associate banks.


Leavenheath

Leavenheath is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1373 people living in Leavenheath.

Somerton, Suffolk

Somerton is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 81 people living in Somerton.

Wherstead

Wherstead is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 342 people living in Wherstead.

Hunsonby

Hunsonby is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 383 people living in Hunsonby.

Crosby Garrett

Crosby Garrett is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 112 people living in Crosby Garrett.

Hartley, Cumbria

Hartley is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 133 people living in Hartley.

Kaber

Kaber is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 89 people living in Kaber.

Askham

Askham is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 360 people living in Askham.

Knock

Knock is a village in Cumbria, England. It is north of Appleby-in-Westmorland.

Winton

Winton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 213 people living in Winton.

Drybeck

Drybeck is a village in Cumbria, England. There is a large building in the village called Drybeck Hall, which was built in 1679.

Hutton

Hutton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 326 people living in Hutton.

Skelton

Skelton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1,059 people living in Skelton.

Helbeck

Helbeck is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 19 people living in Helbeck.

Lazonby

Lazonby is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 980 people living in Lazonby.

Bampton

Bampton is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 283 people living in Bampton.

Skirwith

Skirwith is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a church called St John's Church.

Kirkoswald

Kirkoswald is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 870 people living in Kirkoswald.

Mungrisdale

Mungrisdale is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 284 people living in Mungrisdale.

Martindale

Martindale is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 49 people living in Martindale.

Stainton

Stainton is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a primary school.

Threlkeld

Threlkeld is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 454 people living in Threlkeld. It has a church called St Mary's Church.

Northern white rhinoceros

The Northern white rhinoceros, or the Northern square-lipped rhinoceros ("Ceratotherium simum cottoni"), is one of the two subspecies of the white rhinoceros. These animals are extinct in the wild, but there were currently seven left in captivity. These seven lived in the Dvůr Králové Zoo in the Czech Republic. Four of the seven rhinoceroses were transported to Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya, Africa, where scientists hope they will successfully breed and save this subspecies from extinction. One of three remaining in the Czech Republic died in late May 2011. The two other rhinoceroses now live at the San Diego Zoo's Safari Park in California. 

In March 2018, Sudan, the last male white rhinoceros, died after being euthanized.

The northern white rhinoceros eats mainly grass, and other low lying vegetation. They can live for around 40 to 65 years.

Iolaos

In Greek mythology, Iolaus (, "Iólaos") was the nephew of Herakles, son of the hero's twin brother Iphicles and Automedusa. He was famed for having assisted Herakles in completing his Labors, serving as the hero's charioteer. A genus of Lycaenid butterfly has been named after him. 

Shangzhou District

Shangzhou District (, pinyin:Shāngzhōu Qū), is a district of Shangluo Municipality, Shaanxi, China. The Shangluo Government is here. It covers . As of November 2010, 531,646 people lived here It was formerly known as Shangluo (上洛, meaning up Luo, not Shangluo Municipality), because it is in upstream of Luo River.

Pagoda

A pagoda is any kind of tower with multiple eaves. They are common in eastern and southeastern Asia. Most pagodas are built for religious purposes. Most are usually Buddhist temples, while some are also used as Taoist temples and Muslim mosques and Gongbeis. 

These were first built during the 3rd century BC. This kind of architecture has spread across Asia, taking on many differences as details specific to different regions are made a part of the overall design. Stupas were used to house Buddhist relics. Later, the architecture of Chinese towers and Chinese pavilions blended into pagoda architecture. This eventually spread to Southeast Asia. The pagoda's original purpose was to house relics and sacred writings.


Church of the Nativity

The Church of the Nativity is a church in Bethlehem. It is one of the oldest churches in the world. It is built over the cave that tradition marks as the birthplace of Jesus. It is considered very sacred to Christians and Muslims.

The main basilica is maintained by the Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem. Underneath the building is a cave or grotto. It is where Jesus is said to have been born. On Christmas Eve, crowds gather to sing Christmas carols outside the church in an area called Manger Square. The crowds also go to celebrate midnight mass at the Church of Saint Catherine, a Roman Catholic church next door to the basilica. It is performed by the Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem.

The basilica has been reported to be not very well preserved. The Palestinian government started restoring the buildings in 2010. It was made a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in June 2012. It is the first World Heritage Site listed under Palestine. It was listed as being in danger.

Krater

A krater was a large ceramic vase. Kraters were used to mix wine and water in Ancient Greece. Once filled, the krater was heavy and not easily moved. Another vessel was dipped into the mix. This vessel was then used to fill other vessels such as wine cups. The krater was the centerpiece of a party in Ancient Greece. A special person was chosen by party guests to take care of the krater.

John Dryden

John Dryden (9 August 1631 – 1 May 1700) was an English poet laureate and playwright.

He was the oldest of fourteen children born to Erasmus Dryden and wife Mary Pickering. As a boy Dryden lived in the nearby village of Titchmarsh, Northamptonshire. In 1644 he was sent to Westminster School. In the late twentieth century a house at Westminster was founded in his name.

In 1650 Dryden went up to Trinity College, Cambridge. After graduating, he went to London. Dryden got work with the Secretary of State, John Thurloe.

On 1 December 1663 Dryden married the royalist sister of Sir Robert Howard—Lady Elizabeth. They had three sons.

His first play, "The Wild Gallant" was in 1663. It was not successful. But from 1668 on he was contracted to make three plays a year for the King's Company.

In 1693 Dryden famously said about English language that "We have yet no prosody, not so much tolerable dictionary, or a grammar, so that our language is in a manner barbarous." Following the century's ill formed ideas like latinising English, Dryden considered English as inferior and before expressing anything English in his works he transcribed them first into Latin. He promoted the need of a regulatory body in English like the French Academy, this idea has been carried on by others after his death like by Daniel Fefoe, John Adams and other organized bodies into the 21st century. This arresting in change was deplored in each ages.

Eleanor of Castile

Eleanor of Castile (1241 – 28 November 1290) was the queen of Edward I of England. She was also Countess of Ponthieu from 1279 until her death in 1290.

Edward and Eleanor married at the monastery of Las Huelgas, Burgos on 1 November 1254. Several of her relatives came to England soon after her marriage. Edward's father Henry III of England spent much money on her relatives. This made the people not like her, even though she could not stop it.

In the 1260s, the Second Barons' War started between Henry III and his barons. This divided the kingdom. Eleanor supported her husband Edward. Edward was captured at Lewes and imprisoned. Eleanor was honourably kept at Westminster Palace. 

In 1270 Edward and Eleanor left to join his uncle Louis IX of France on the Eighth Crusade. Louis died at Carthage. They spent the winter in Sicily. Then the couple went on to Acre in Palestine.

They left Palestine in September 1272. In Sicily that December they learned of Henry III's death. Edward and Eleanor returned to England and were crowned together on 19 August 1274.

Eleanor of Castile was born to the Castilian King, Ferdinand III and his wife, Queen Joan of Ponthieu in the early 1240s. When her father died, her step brother, Alfonso X, ascended to the throne where he and King Henry III arranged her marriage. In Spain, at age 10-12 she was married to King Henry’s son, Edward, who was only 15 at the time in 1254. She went with her husband, Lord Edward of England, who was leading an important crusade in 1270. As a gift to celebrate their wedding, her step brother gave Edward the region of Gascony. Edward also gained the lands of Montreuil and Ponthieu through Eleanor. When Eleanor first moved to England, King Henry III “Ordered that her apartments be furnished "in Castilian fashion" to make her feel more comfortable.” In 1264 she was moved to France for her safety when war broke out and did not return until about a year later. In 1270 she went on the 8th crusade with Edward to the Holy Land and returned in August 19, 1274 to be crowned. Since Eleanor was foreign, many of her subjects did not like her. On November 28, 1290, Eleanor died of a fever, leaving Edward to write, "I loved her dearly during her lifetime . . . . I shall not cease to love her now that she is dead."


Philippa of Hainault

Philippa of Hainault (24 June 1313 15 August 1369) was the queen of Edward III of England.

Philippa was the daughter of William I, Count of Hainaut, nicknamed "the Good", and Joan of Valois, the granddaughter of Philip III of France. 

King Edward II wanted an alliance with Flanders to benefit England. He sent Bishop Stapledon to choose a good wife for Prince Edward. He chose Philippa who was about nine years old at that time. Four years later Philippa was betrothed to Prince Edward. 

Philippa married Edward at York Minster, on 24 January 1328. This was eleven months after he was made King. The real rulers of the kingdom were his mother, Queen Dowager Isabella and her lover Roger Mortimer, 1st Earl of March. They jointly acted as his regents. The couple lived at Woodstock Palace in Oxfordshire. Philippa was crowned queen on 4 March 1330 at Westminster Abbey. She was almost six months pregnant. She gave birth to her first son, Edward, the following June just nine days before her seventeenth birthday.

In October 1330, King Edward began to rule. He ordered the arrest of his mother and Mortimer. Mortimer was killed for treason. Queen Dowager Isabella was sent to Castle Rising in Norfolk, where she spent the rest of her life.

Philippa went with Edward on his trips to Scotland, and the European continent in his early campaigns of the Hundred Years' War. She acted as regent in England on several times when her husband was away from his kingdom. 

On 15 August 1369, Philippa died of an illness similar to dropsy in Windsor Castle at the age of fifty-six. By all accounts, her forty-year marriage to Edward had been happy. Even though he had an affair with her lady-in-waiting, Alice Perrers, during the later years.

The Queen's College, Oxford is named after Philippa. It was founded in 1341 by one of her chaplains, Robert de Eglesfield, in her honour.

Anne of Bohemia

Anne of Bohemia (11 May 1366 – 7 June 1394) was the queen of Richard II of England. She was the oldest daughter of Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor and Elizabeth of Pomerania.

Many people did not like the marriage. It did not bring money and very little other benefits. Richard gave 20,000 florins (around £4,000,000 in today's value) in payment to her brother Wenceslas. The only benefit, which was said to be small, was that England could trade freely in both Bohemian lands, and lands of the Holy Roman Empire.

Anne and King Richard II were married in Westminster Abbey on 22 January 1382. The wedding was the fifth royal wedding in Westminster Abbey. It was not followed by any other royal wedding in Westminster Abbey for another 537 years.

They were married for 12 years, but had no children. Anne's death from plague in 1394 at Sheen Manor was hard for Richard. His later unwise conduct lost him the throne. Richard married his second wife, Isabella of Valois, on 31 October 1396.

Anne of Bohemia is known to have made the sidesaddle more popular to ladies of the Middle Ages.

Catherine of Valois

Catherine of Valois (27 October 1401 – 3 January 1437) was the queen of Henry V of England and the mother of Henry VI of England. She was the daughter of King Charles VI of France and his wife Isabelle of Bavaria.

Catherine had a secret relationship with Owen Tudor. Through this she became the grandmother of Henry VII of England.

In May 1420, a peace treaty was made between England and France. Charles made Henry of England his heir. Catherine and Henry were married at the Parish Church of St John or at Troyes Cathedral on 2 June 1420. Catherine went to England with her new husband. She was crowned queen in Westminster Abbey on 23 February 1421.

Catherine gave birth to Prince Henry on 6 December 1421 at Windsor. The boy and his father would never see each other. During the siege of Meaux, Henry V had a fatal illness (dysentery) and died on 31 August 1422, just before his 35th birthday. Catherine was not quite 21 and was left a widow and Dowager Queen of England. Charles VI then died. This made the young Henry VI king of England and English-occupied northern France.

The Parliament made a rule that the Dowager Queen could not marry without the King's approval. If the Queen remarried without the king's consent, the husband would lose his lands and possessions, although any children of the marriage would still be members of the royal family. Parliament also said the king could only give permission when reached his majority age. At the time the bill was written, the king was only six years old.

Catherine entered into a relationship with Owen Tudor of Wales. It is unclear if they were ever married. Owen and Catherine had at least six children. Edmund, Jasper and Owen were all born away from court. They had two daughters, Tacinda, who married Reginald Grey, 7th Baron Grey de Wilton and Margaret who became a nun.

Catherine died on 3 January 1437, shortly after childbirth, in London.


Anne Neville

Anne Neville (11 June 1456 16 March 1485) was Princess of Wales as the wife of Edward of Westminster and was the queen of Richard III of England. She had just one son, Edward. She was the daughter of Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick,
Anne was formally betrothed to Queen Margaret's son, Edward of Westminster at the Chateau d'Amboise in France. They were married in Angers Cathedral probably on 13 December 1470. Because of the death of Prince Edward at the Battle of Tewkesbury on 4 May 1471, she was taken prisoner along with Queen Margaret. She was taken first to Coventry and then to the Duke of Clarence's house in London. The Duke of Clarence was Richard's (the future King's) brother and married to Anne's sister Isabella. He wanted to keep all the Neville money and would not let her leave. Richard rescued Anne. They were married the next year.

The wedding of Anne Neville and Richard, Duke of Gloucester (later Richard III of England) took place on 12 July 1472, at Westminster Abbey. They lived in Middleham Castle. Upon her marriage, she was called Duchess of Gloucester. They had only one child, Edward, born at Middleham around 1473.
On 9 April 1483, Edward IV died. Richard was named Lord Protector for his 12-year-old nephew Edward V. On 25 June 1483, Edward was said to be illegitimate. Richard took the throne as King Richard III. Anne was crowned on 6 July 1483. Her son was made Prince of Wales.

Edward died suddenly on 9 April 1484, at Sheriff Hutton, while his parents were absent. He was then 10 years old. After the death of his son and heir, rumours said that Richard planned to divorce Anne and marry his niece, Elizabeth of York. There is little evidence for this. After the death of her son, Anne began to raise Richard's nephew, Edward, Earl of Warwick, the nine-year-old son of George of Clarence. Richard made the boy his heir. After Anne died, Richard quickly named another nephew, John de la Pole, Earl of Lincoln, as his heir.

Anne died on 16 March 1485 of tuberculosis, at Westminster.

Andrew Motion

Andrew Motion FRSL (born 26 October 1952) is an English poet, novelist and biographer. He was Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom from 1999 to 2009.

Motion was born in London and moved to Stisted, Essex at age 12. He went to Radley College. He studied English at University College, Oxford. Between 1976 and 1980, Motion taught English at the University of Hull. While there, at age 24, he had his first volume of poetry published. Motion edited the Poetry Society's "Poetry Review" from 1980–1982. He was Editorial Director and Poetry Editor at Chatto & Windus (1983–89).

Motion was made Poet Laureate on 1 May 1999. This was following the death of Ted Hughes. Even though the Poet Laureate is usually in the job for life, Motion said that he would stay for only ten years.

He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. In 2003, he became Professor of Creative Writing at Royal Holloway, University of London. Since July 2009, Motion has been Chairman of the Museums, Libraries and Archives Council (MLA).

Motion's marriage to Joanna Powell ended in 1983. He was married to Jan Dalley from 1985 to 2009. They divorced after a seven-year separation. They had one son born in 1986 and twins, a son and a daughter, born in 1988. He lives in Islington, North London.

Motion was elected Prime Minister of Somalia in 1994 in recognition of his poetry's literary achievements. 

Natalia Goncharova

Natalia Sergeevna Goncharova (16 June 1881 17 October 1962) was a Russian painter, designer and writer. She was an avant-garde artist: her art styles were influenced by fauvism, cubism and futurism. As a designer she was notable for her set and costume creations for ballet and theatre.

Goncharova holds the world record for the price paid for a work of art by a woman. The painting was Goncharova's 1912 still-life "The Flowers", and it sold for $U.S. 10.8 million.

Natalia Goncharova studied sculpture in Moscow, but worked as a painter and designer. She was inspired both by an interest in Russian folk art, and by modernism in art. With her lifelong partner Mikhail Larionov she first developed a style called Rayonism. They part of the pre-Revolution Russian avant-garde. They helped to organise the so-called 'Donkey's Tail' exhibition of 1912, and showed their work at the Der Blaue Reiter exhibition in Munich the same year.

Goncharova became famous in Russia for her Futurist work such as "The Cyclist" and her later Rayonist works. They organised lecture evenings and Goncharova wrote and illustrating a book in Futurist style.

In 1913, she began to design ballet costumes and sets for Diaghilev's "Ballets Russes" and elsewhere. She did the stage and costume design for these ballets: "Le Coq d'Or"' (1914), "The Liturgy" (1915), "Ygrushka" (1921) "Reynard" (with her husband; 1922), "Les Noces" (1923), "Une nuit sur le mont chauve" (1924), "The Firebird" (1926 revival), "Sur le Borsythène" (with her husband; 1932), "Cendrillon" (1938), "Bogatyri" (1938) and the 1954 Sadler's Wells production of "Firebird".

Goncharova moved to Paris in 1921, where she regularly exhibited her art. She became a French citizen in 1939. She married Larionov at last in 1955, and died in Paris, in 1962.

The largest collections of her work are in the Pompidou Centre in Paris; the Russian Museum in St. Petersburg; and the State Tretyakov Gallery, in Moscow.


Cacus

Cacus is a character in Roman mythology. He was a hideous, three-headed, fire-belching shepherd who lived in a cave in the Aventine Forest in Italy. His cave was covered with the bones of the people he killed. Human skulls and human arms were hanging above the cave entrance. Cacus' parents were Hephaestus and Medusa. 

Hercules had stolen the Geryon's cattle. He was driving the herd through Italy when Cacus crossed his path. Cacus stole some of the animals. He dragged them backwards to his cave to confuse Hercules. 

The next morning, Hercules missed the animals at once. He went to Cacus' cave. Cacus had put a huge rock at the entrance but Hercules tossed it aside. Cacus tried to drive Hercules off by belching fire. Hercules grabbed him and "battered his face to a pulp." Hercules put together an altar to Zeus. He later set up his own worship at the site. Some say it was not Hercules who killed Cacus but a huge shepherd named Garanus or Recaranus, a friend of Hercules'. 


Baise-moi

Baise-moi is a 2000 French crime drama thriller movie. It was called Rape Me in the United States, where it was released without an MPAA rating. In Australia, "Baise-moi" was rated R18 at first, but was then refused classification due to content. This movie got mixed reviews from critics in many countries.

"Un baise" in French means "a kiss", but as a verb, "baiser" means "to fuck", so "Baise-moi" means "fuck me". It is about a sex-and-violence spree by two young women. The sex scenes are apparently real, rather than simulated, and the film has been banned in many countries.

Hilary Bradt

Hilary Bradt MBE (born 17 July 1941) is a British writer. He founded "Bradt Travel Guides", a publisher of travel guide books, in the mid-1970s.
From 1972, Bradt spent 18 months in South America with her husband, and later they set up "Bradt Travel Guides" together. Their first book was "Backpacking along Ancient Ways in Peru and Bolivia". The award-winning Bradt guides have always covered unusual destinations that do not attract large numbers of tourists. The company is based in Chalfont St Peter, England.

After running the company for 35 years, Bradt retired in 2007, but she is still chairman. She also still writes about travel, including a guide book to Devon and articles in travel magazines.

Bradt worked for many years as a tour leader, particularly in Madagascar, a country that she has written many books about. Bradt is a member of the British Guild of Travel Writers and she received their Lifetime Achievement Award in November 2009.

She was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 Queen's Birthday Honours for services to the tourist industry and to charity. Bradt's charity work includes being patron of Money for Madagascar, which has been raising funds for projects in Madagascar since 1986.


Sexy Beast

Sexy Beast is a 2000 Anglo-Spanish crime thriller movie. It was written by Louis Mellis, produced by Jeremy Thomas and directed by Jonathan Glazer. It stars Ray Winstone, Amanda Redman, Ben Kingsley, Ian McShane and James Fox. Winstone plays robber Gal Dove who has quit his life of crime in London and has retired with his ex-porn star wife Deedee (played by Redman) to Spain. Kingsley plays a sociopathic gang member and McShane plays a gang boss. The pair coerce Dove to go back to London to commit another robbery with them. Fox plays a bisexual banker.

2060s

The 2060s is a decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It will begin on January 1, 2060 and end on December 31, 2069. It is distinct from the decade known as the 207th decade which will begin on January 1, 2061 and end on December 31, 2070.



Luonan County

Luonan County (, pinyin: Luònán Xiàn) is a county of Shangluo Municipality, Shaanxi Province, China. It is in the northeast part of Shangluo. Henan Provice is to the east. Danfeng County and Shangzhou District are to the south. Weinan Municipality is to the north. Xi'an Municipality is to the west. It covers . As of November 2010, 441,643 people lived here. 72% of here are montane ecology.

Adrienne Jablanczy

Adrienne Jablanczy (born 11 September 1948) is a French economist, professor, and, since 1997, Head of the Institut supérieur européen de gestion group.

Jablanczy graduated from the University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne and the "Institut d'études politiques de Paris". She started her career in 1976 as a economics and teacher at Pantheon-Assas University. In 1997, she was nominated Director of the ISEG. She is also a financial markets teacher at the "École Nationale Supérieure des Télécommunications de Bretagne".

Jablanzcy specializes in management of business schools, financial markets and Islamic finance.


Quartzite

Quartzite is a hard metamorphic rock. It is formed when sandstone is squeezed and heated under a chain of mountains.

Although pure quartzite is white, it usually occurs in shades of pink and red. This happens when it contains some iron oxide (FeO). Other colours, such as yellow and orange, are due to other mineral impurities.

When sandstone is changed to quartzite, the individual quartz grains and cement material recrystallizes. Most of the original texture of the sandstone is destroyed by the metamorphism. Minor amounts of cementing materials, iron oxide, silica, carbonate and clay, often move when this is happening. It causes streaks and lens shapes to form in the quartzite.

Great Salkeld

Great Salkeld is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 445 people living in Great Salkeld. It has a church called St Cuthbert's Church.

Ravenstonedale

Ravenstonedale is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 570 people living in Ravenstonedale. It has a church called St Oswald's Church.

Kirkland

Kirkland is a village in Culgaith, Eden, Cumbria, England. It has a church called Church of St Lawrence.

Patterdale

Patterdale is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 460 people living in Patterdale.

Edenhall

Edenhall is a village in Cumbria, England. It is about a mile south of Langwathby. It has a church named St Cuthbert's Church. 

Little Asby

Little Asby is a hamlet in Cumbria, England. There was once a chapel called St Leonards.

Stefan–Boltzmann law

In quantum physics, the Stefan-Boltzmann law (sometimes called Stefan's Law) states that the black-body radiation energy emitted by a given object is directly proportional to the temperature of the object raised to the fourth power. The equation for this law is:

R=σ"T"

where σ is the Stefan-Boltzmann constant, which is equal to 5.670 373(21) x 10 W m K, and where R is the energy radiated per unit surface area and per unit time. "T" is temperature, which is measured in Kelvin scale. Although this law is accurate and helpful, it is only usable for the energy radiated by blackbodies.

Puneri Pagadi

Puneri Pagadi is a turban, a cloth worn on the head. This turban is worn by people from Pune on special days. "Puneri" means "belonging to Pune" and "pagadi" means turban. It is used as a mark of respect in Pune. It is a custom that is about 200 years old. 

The "pagadi" used to be worn by people to show pride but now it is also worn on special occasions.

The "pagadi" was introduced 200 years ago by Mahadev Govind Ranade, who was a social reformer. It was also later worn by leaders like Lokmanya Tilak, J.S. Karandikar, D.D. Sathye, Tatyasaheb Kelkar and Datto Vaman Potdar. The "pagadi" became more famous in 1973 after a Marathi play.

In 2009, it was given the status of Geographic Indication (GI) which means that the "pagadi" will be a property of only Pune. No one else can sell any such turban under the name of "Puneri Pagadi" outside Pune.Only Brahmins used to use this pagadi in that era.

The "pagadi" is used in marriages. It is also used on special events in schools and colleges (commonly on traditional days). It is used by actors while performing "gondhal" art form. The "pagadi" is also given as an award sometimes.

"Shree Puneri Pagadi Sangh" is a group of 10 people. They are the ones who applied for getting a GI tag for the "pagadi". Actually, Great Mission Group Consultancy submitted the application for them. The aim of this was to protect the identity of the "pagadi". They also wanted to protect the "Puneri" culture. The application was accepted and on 4 September 2009, the "pagadi" became an intellectual property. Before this, the GI tag was also given to Indian products like Tirupati "ladoos", Darjeeling tea, Banarasi "saris".

Great Musgrave

Great Musgrave is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a church called St Theobald's Church.

Newbiggin-on-Lune

Newbiggin-on-Lune is a village in Cumbria, England. It gets its name from the River Lune.

Melmerby

Melmerby is a village in Cumbria, England. It is a small village with a population of around 200. It has a church called St John the Baptist's Church. It is 9 miles northeast of Penrith.

Watermillock

Watermillock is a village in Cumbria, England. It is on the A592.

Witnesham

Witnesham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 833 people living in Witnesham. It has a church called St Mary.

Copdock

Copdock is a village in Suffolk, England. It has a church called St Peter.

Blencarn

Blencarn is a village in Culgaith, Eden, Cumbria, England. A Wesleyan chapel was built in Blencarn in 1840.

Helton

Helton is a village in Cumbria, England. It was once called Helton-Flecket. There is also the hamlet of Heltonhead nearby.

Penruddock

Penruddock is a village in Cumbria, England. It is located 5.5 miles west of Penrith.

Washmere Green

Washmere Green is a hamlet in Suffolk, England. There is Wesleyan House in Washmere Green which was "not exclusively used for worship".


Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac

Antoine de La Mothe Cadillac was born on March 5, 1658 and died on October 16, 1730. He was a French explorer and adventurer in New France, now an area of North America stretching from Eastern Canada in the north to Louisiana in the south. In 1701, he founded Detroit, which he helped develop until 1710. Between 1710 and 1716 he was the governor of Louisiana, although he did not arrive in that territory until 1713.

Episodes (TV series)

Episodes is an Anglo-American television sitcom. It began on January 9, 2011 and is set in Los Angeles, California. It was created by David Crane and Jeffrey Klarik. It is directed by James Griffiths and Jim Field Smith. It stars Matt LeBlanc, Stephen Mangan, Tamsin Grieg, John Pankow, Kathleen Rose Perkins and Mircea Monroe. 

Mangan and Grieg play Sean and Beverly lincon a British married couple who travel to Hollywood to remake their successful British TV series. LeBlanc is recruited to play the protagonist in the American remake.

Friends
Joey

Irish State Coach

The Irish State Coach is a carriage used by the British monarch to ride from Buckingham Palace to the Palace of Westminster to open Parliament. It was built in 1851 by the Lord Mayor of Dublin. It is enclosed. It was damaged by fire in 1911. It was restored in 1989 by the Royal Mews carriage restorers. The outside is blue and black with golden-colored decoration. The inside is covered in blue damask (a cloth). It is driven from the box seat using four horses. It is kept in the Royal Mews. It can be seen by the public.

Alan Bates

Sir Alan Arthur Bates (17 February 1934 – 27 December 2003) was a British actor. He was born in Allestree, Derbyshire.

Bates starred in many movies, including: "Zorba the Greek", "Georgy Girl", "Far from the Madding Crowd", "The Fixer", "The Go-Between", "Women in Love", "An Unmarried Woman, Gosford Park" and "The Rose". He also acted on stage and television.

Bates was a closeted bisexual. He was married to actress Victoria Ward (1939-1992) from 1970 until her death. They had twin sons: Tristan (1971-1990) and actor Benedick Bates (born 1971). Bates died of pancreatic cancer in London.

Clueless

Clueless is a 1995 American romantic teen comedy movie set in Beverly Hills, California. It is loosely based on Jane Austen's 1815 book "Emma". It was written and directed by Amy Heckerling. It stars Alicia Silverstone, Stacey Dash and Brittany Murphy as 15 year old high school classmates. "Clueless" was released in the United States in August 1995.

Plot of Clueless revolves around the life of American sixteen-year-old girl Cher Horowitz. She is pretty and attractive, but clueless and selfish. Apart from that she is extremely rich and popular in her high school. Only a few things are important for Cher: fashion, mansion in which she lives with her father and her friend Dionne, who is also rich and self-confident. She has a former stepbrother Josh, with whom she always has quarrels for no reason at all.

Cher’s selfishness is totally innocent and safe for surrounding people. For example, she tries to bring together two teachers, who gave her bad marks, - Mr. Hall and Mrs. Gaste. She achieves this aim and benefits. When Cher sees those two fall in love and her marks become better, she understands that she likes to do good things.

Cher decides to make the next good thing on her list helping a new “duckling girl” Tie to transform into a beautiful swan. She also helps her to adapt in a new place and prevent her from communicating with the guy, who smokes weed and does skateboarding. Instead of that, she wants Tie to date with a rich snob Elton, but Cher does not realize that Elton fancies not Tie, but herself.

Suddenly some troubles appear in Cher’s life. She does not realize, that boy whom she tries to seduce is actually gay, until Dionne opens her naive eyes. Cher fails driving test and when she comes back home Tai says that she is keen on Josh. In reply Cher says to her, that they do not match and they have a quarrel.

After revaluation of values Cher finds out, that she loves Josh. She tries to be better, kinder and smarter. The final scene shows, that Josh admits he loves Cher too and they kiss.

Soon after release of the movie a Clueless sequel was filmed (it was in form of TV series) and a series of books was produced.

Front 242

Front 242 is a Belgian electronic music group. They were famous during the 1980s. They are known for being a pioneer of electronic body music, and as an influence on the electronic and industrial music genres.

Front 242 was formed in 1981 in Aarschot, Belgium, by Daniel Bressanutti and Dirk Bergen. Patrick Codenys and Jean-Luc De Meyer had also formed a group called Under Viewer at around the same time. The two duos joined together in 1982. In 1983, Dirk Bergen left the band and Richard Jonckheere, called Richard 23, joined as vocalist.
In 1987, Front 242 signed with Wax Trax! Records in the U.S. and Red Rhino in Europe.




K's Choice

K's Choice is a Belgian rock band from Antwerp. They formed in the mid-1990s. The band's core members are siblings Sarah Bettens (lead vocals, guitar) and Gert Bettens (guitar, keyboard, vocals). They are joined by Eric Grossman (bass), Thomas Vanelslander (lead guitar), Reinout Swinnen (keys) and Koen Liekens (drums). The band has made gold and platinum albums.


Hooverphonic

Hooverphonic are a Belgian rock/pop group, formed in 1995. The band first called themselves "Hoover". The band was composed from Alex Callier, the leader and the guitarrist, Ester Lybeert, the singer, Frank Duchene, the keyboarder, and from the bassist Raymond Geerts. Later they changed their name to "Hooverphonic" after discovering other groups were already using the Hoover name. 

In February 1997, Liesje Sadonius, the second singer of the band, left it and became Geike Arnaert. With her, Hooverphonic became famous all over the world, with the singles Mad About You, Sometimes and Jackie Cane. 

On 10 October 2008, Geike Arnaert, the lead singer of the band, said she would leave the group by the end of the year. On 29 October 2010, Hooverphonic said they would have a new single on their website. The videoclip showed fourteen possible singers. Noémie Wolfs was the one selected.

On 4 June 2015, Noémie Wolfs left the band, and in April 2018 Luka Cruysberghs became the new singer.

On 9 November 2020, Luka Cruysberghs left the band, and came back Geike Arnaert. On the same day the band released a Mad About You's new version.

Zap Mama

Zap Mama is a Belgian musical group founded and led by Marie Daulne. She says that her mission is to be a bridge between the European and the African and bring the two cultures together with music. "What I would like to do is bring sounds from Africa and bring it to the Western world, because I know that through sound and through beats, that people discover a new culture, a new people, a new world." They sing in French and English with deep African roots.

Zap Mama performed their first concert in 1989. In 1991, the group recorded their first record, "Zap Mama", at Studio Daylight in Brussels, Belgium. The album was released by Crammed Discs.


Soulwax

Soulwax are an alternative rock/electronic band from Ghent, Belgium. They are headed by David and Stephen Dewaele. Next to the Dewaele brothers, Soulwax has bassist Stefaan Van Leuven and drummer Steve Slingeneyer. The Dewaeles also work on other projects such as The Flying Dewaele Brothers and 2manydjs,as well as hosting a show on Belgian television, 'Alter8'. Since the release of their Nite Versions album they have been touring around the world.


Deus (band)

Deus is a rock band based in Antwerp, Belgium. The band name is written as dEUS. Tom Barman and Klaas Janzoons have always been with the band. The rest of the band's members are drummer Stéphane Misseghers, bassist Alan Gevaert and guitarist/backing vocalist Mauro Pawlowski.


Machiavel

Machiavel, named after Niccolò Machiavelli, is a Belgian rock group. They were formed in 1974 and still record and tour today. The first few albums are progressive rock and the later albums are harder.

Initial release are in bold. Compilations are in "italic". Re-release are not highlighted.


Channel Zero (band)

Channel Zero is a heavy metal band. They were formed in Brussels, Belgium in 1990. They are one of the best known heavy metal bands from Belgium. They were often called "the Belgian Metallica." They disbanded at the height of their career in 1997. In 2009 the band said they would play a series of reunion concerts starting in January 2010.

Albums:


Live:


EP:


Singles:


Enthroned

Enthroned is a black metal band formed in Charleroi in 1993 by Cernunnos. 

In 1996, along with Ancient Rites and Bewitched, Enthroned began a large tour of Europe. 

In April 1997, as Enthroned was to begin recording "Towards the Skullthrone of Satan", Cernunnos took his life. Enthroned recorded the album with a session drummer in honor of Cernunnos.

In April 1998, the band toured the European continent with Dark Funeral. They also released the MCD "Regie Axese", which was dedicated to their former drummer Cernunnos. Later that year, they toured again with Hecate Enthroned and Usurper. 

Enthroned continued to play many live gigs in and around Europe, as well as in the US. 

In early 2002, Enthroned signed to Napalm Records. In 2003 they played a South American tour. Enthroned signed with Regain Records in January 2008. At this time, some members of the band opened a recording studio, Blackout Multimedia. 

In September 2011, Enthroned said they would end working with Regain Records.




Emile Verhaeren

Emile Verhaeren (21 May 1855 – 27 November 1916) was a Belgian poet. He wrote in the French language. He is one of the chief founders of the school of Symbolism.

At the age of eleven, he was sent to a strict boarding school in Ghent run by Jesuits - The Jesuit College of Sainte Barbe. He then went to study law at the University of Leuven. He did his first writing here in a student paper. 

Having gained his law degree, he became a trainee (1881–1884) with Edmond Picard. Picard was a renowned criminal lawyer, who also was involved with the Brussels artistic scene. Verhaeren tried only two cases in a courtroom before deciding to dedicate his life to poetry and literature.

He soon became the spokesperson for the artistic revival at the turn of the century. He enjoyed the works of the painters of the artistic circle "Les XX". He wrote many articles in "La Jeune Belgique" and "L'Art Moderne". His articles brought many promising young talents, such as James Ensor, to the attention of the public.

Through these articles, he became a lifelong friend of Belgian painter Théo van Rysselberghe.

Verhaeren was one of the most prolific poets of his time. His first collection of poems ""Les Flamandes"" was published in 1883. It was an immediate success in some settings. But it caused a great deal of controversy in Catholic circles. His next book ""Les Moines"" (1886) was not the success he had hoped for. 

On 24 August 1891 he married Marthe Massin, a talented artist from Liège. 

He wrote his first play ""Les Aubes"" in 1898. In 1898 he moved to Saint-Cloud, near Paris. By the turn of the century, he had become world-famous. His works were translated into more than twenty languages. 

Emile Verhaeren died on 27 November 1916 at Rouen station by falling under a train.


West Coast sea nettle

The West Coast sea nettle ("Chrysaora fuscescens"), also known as the Pacific sea nettle, is a type of Scyphozoa which lives in the Pacific Ocean. For humans its sting is usually irritating, but rarely dangerous.

The West Coast sea nettle is found near the coasts of California and Oregon, but some live in the waters north to the Gulf of Alaska, west to the seas around Japan and south to the Baja California Peninsula. 

The West Coast sea nettle have a golden-brown bell with a little shade of red. In the wild, the bell can grow to be larger than one meter (three feet) in diameter, but most are less than 50 cm. The long white arms and the 24 maroon tentacles may be as long as 3.6 to 4.6m (12 to 15 feet).

Like most Cnidaria, the West Coast sea nettle is carnivorous. They catch their prey by using their Nematocyst-laden tentacles. The toxin(poison) in their Nematocyst are effective against their prey and humans. Since West Coast sea nettles can not chase their prey, they must eat as they drift, by spreading out their tentacles like a large net, the West Coast sea nettle is able to catch food as it passes by. When a prey brushes against the tentacles, thousands of nematocysts are released, launching barbed stingers which release a paralyzing toxin, then the oral arms begin digestion as they push the prey into the West Coast sea nettle's mouth.
The West Coast sea nettle feeds on different types of zooplankton, crustaceans, salps, pelagic snails, small fish as well as their eggs and larvae, and other jellyfish.

Catterlen

Catterlen is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 471 people living in Catterlen.

Plumpton

Plumpton is a village in Cumbria, England. It has a church called St John the Evangelist's Church. It is on the B6413.

Naughton, Suffolk

Naughton is a village in Suffolk, England. It has a church called St Mary.

Washbrook

Washbrook is a village in Suffolk, England. It has a church called St Mary. It once had another church, whoes name is not known.

Ainstable

Ainstable is a village and civil parish in Eden, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 532 people living in Ainstable.

Weeley

Weeley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1780 people living in Weeley.

Steeple Bumpstead

Steeple Bumpstead is a village and civil parish in Braintree, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1481 people living in Steeple Bumpstead.

Newport, Essex

Newport is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2208 people living in Newport.

Tyson Chandler

Tyson Cleotis Chandler (born October 2, 1982) is an American former professional basketball player and player development coach for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Chandler was the second overall pick of the 2001 NBA Draft by the Los Angeles Clippers. He was immediately traded to the Chicago Bulls. He has also played for the New Orleans Hornets, Charlotte Bobcats, Dallas Mavericks, New York Knicks, Phoenix Suns, Los Angeles Lakers, and Houston Rockets. As starting center for Dallas, he helped win the franchise's first NBA championship in 2011 and won NBA Defensive Player of the Year with the Knicks in 2012. He was also a member of the United States men's national basketball team's gold medal runs in the 2010 FIBA Basketball World Cup and 2012 Summer Olympics.


Notes

Toppesfield

Toppesfield is a village and civil parish in Braintree, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 533 people living in Toppesfield.

Jeremy Lin

Jeremy Lin (born August 23, 1988) is a National Basketball Association player who is currently a free agent. Lin is one of the few Asian Americans in NBA history. He is the first American of Chinese or Taiwanese descent to play in the league.

Jeremy Lin moved to Palo Alto in California. Jeremy Lin was very good at basketball so he ended up playing college basketball at Harvard. Jeremy Lin created tons of excitement, especially the Chinese and Taiwanese people. This was soon nicknamed “Linsanity.”

Jeremy Lin was a regular basketball player until the international sensation in February. He played for the New York Knicks of the NBA, and became famous for the awesome play he made in February. But that’s not all he’s famous for, he is also famous for being the first American-born player to play in the NBA related to the Chinese people. 

"Lin, Jeremy." World Book Advanced. World Book, 2013.Web. 10 Jan. 2013.

Finchingfield

Finchingfield is a village and civil parish in Braintree, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1348 people living in Finchingfield.

Hatfield Broad Oak

Hatfield Broad Oak is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1167 people living in Hatfield Broad Oak.

Great Bentley

Great Bentley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2259 people living in Great Bentley.


Alresford

Alresford is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2125 people living in Alresford.

Thorpe-le-Soken

Thorpe-le-Soken is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2047 people living in Thorpe-le-Soken.

Ardleigh

Ardleigh is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2081 people living in Ardleigh.

Wix

Wix is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 755 people living in Wix.

Brightlingsea

Brightlingsea is a town and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. The estimated population is 8500.


Wrabness

Wrabness is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 380 people living in Wrabness.

Earls Colne

Earls Colne is a village and civil parish in Braintree distrct, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 3389 people living in Earls Colne.

Theodor Körner

Theodor Körner (April 23, 1873 - January 4, 1957) was the president of Austria from 1951-1957.

Previously he was mayor and governor of Vienna from 1945 to 1951.

McChicken

The McChicken is a kind of chicken sandwich from McDonald's restaurants. It is made with chicken breast meat in a fried coating made from bread crumbs. A man used a McChicken in a crime in Des Moines, Iowa. He threw the sandwich at his wife. The force of the hit broke her nose.


Portland limestone

Portland limestone is a limestone which was deposited in the latest stage of the Upper Jurassic period. It was first found on the Isle of Portland, Dorset. However, it occurs over a much wider area, including France.

The strata are beds of white-grey limestone separated by beds of chert.

Portland limestone was formed in a shallow, warm, sub-tropical sea on the continental shelf of what is now western Europe.

Limestones are mostly made of calcium carbonate. This comes originally from the bodies of many small organisms which build their shells or framework out of CaCO crystals. An example is the type of protist called coccolithophores.

On the continental shelves of the world photosynthetic organisms, like coccoliths, bacteria, and algae, produce calcium carbonate. Many animals, like bivalves and coral reefs, then use it to make their shells or other structures. Carbonates are rocks formed from these sources, plus any CaCO which is precipitated out of solution.

Florida Bay, the shallow lagoon behind the Florida Keys, is a model for the conditions which produced limestones on the continental shelf. Of course, all the species were somewhat different then but, as an ecosystem, it is similar.

In the Florida Bay a type of flowering plant called sea grass is in abundance. Also in abundance is white, milky water full of calcium carbonate. This is mainly formed by "Melobesia", a small red alga which lives on the sea grass. Finally, the organisms produce huge amounts of slime, which is a polysaccharide. There is good reason to think the slime is produced by microorganisms to control the way their carbonate skeletons are formed.

Florida Bay is a flat platform which has laid down a huge amount of carbonate rock. 

Carbonate rocks are different in different places and at different times. This is because varied organisms lived there and produced the carbonate. Also various events happened, like underwater landslides and earthquakes, which disrupted the beds. Sometimes the deposition of carbonate was interrupted, and different organisms produced silica, which we see as beds of chert.

In the Portland sandstone, much of the limey mud was laid down with bits and pieces of shells or sand. These became coated with layers of lime mud, and formed small balls (less than 0.5 mm diameter). Over time, countless billions of these balls, known as "ooids" or "ooliths", became partly cemented together by more calcite, to form the oolitic limestone we call Portland limestone.

It has been widely used as a building stone in the British Isles, though it is relatively expensive.

It was used seen in major public buildings, such as Buckingham Palace, St Paul's Cathedral and the British Museum. It is also exported to many countries. Portland stone is used in the United Nations headquarters building in Manhattan, for example.

Portland stone is hard enough to resist weathering but soft enough to be worked (cut and carved) by stonemasons. This is one of the reasons why it is so good for monuments and architecture.

In 1824 Joseph Aspdin invented a cement by burning a mixture of limestone and clay. The limestone he used was Portland linestone, and so he
patented the term "Portland Cement". Builders quickly recognised that it was better than older cements, although more expensive. It is still widely used in the building trade today.

Present tense

Present tense is a verb form which is marked by time (tense).

The present tense is used for actions in a time which is happening now. In order to explain and understand present tense, it is useful to imagine time as a line on which the past tense, the present and the future tense are positioned.

The use of present continuous tense:
-----

Future tense

Future tense is a verb form which is marked by time (tense).

The future tense is used for actions in a time which has not yet happened. In order to explain and understand future tense, it is useful to imagine time as a line on which the past tense, the present tense and the future are positioned.

Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Azerbaijan)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs () is the Azerbaijani government ministry which manages the foreign relations of Azerbaijan. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan was established on May 28, 1918, during the first Republic of Azerbaijan.

After Azerbaijan was occupied by the Red Army and became a part of the Soviet Union on 28 April, 1920 as the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic (Azerbaijan SSR), the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was abolished and was replaced by People's Foreign Affairs Commissariat (PFAC). The People's Foreign Affairs Commissariat, had little power because Azerbaijan was no longer independent and followed Soviet foreign policy. However, the Soviet government allowed the People's Foreign Affairs Commissariat of Azerbaijan to conduct certain ties with foreign countries.

After the Soviet Union ended and Azerbaijan gained its independence in 1991, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was established, again in charge of the foreign policy of Azerbaijan.

Jeyhun Bayramov is the current Minister of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan since July 2020.


Yitzhak Shamir

Yitzhak Shamir (born Icchak Jaziernicky; 15 October 1915 - 30 June 2012) was a Polish born Israeli politician and the seventh Prime Minister of Israel, serving two terms, 1983–84 and 1986–92.

He was born in Ruzhinoy (nowadays in Belarus), in the Russian Empire in 1915. In 1935, Shamir went to Palestine, where he worked in an accountant’s office. Before the establishment of the State of Israel, Shamir in the 1930s and 1940s was a member of the Zionist paramilitary organization Irgun, and then a commander of the more militant Lehi.

After the establishment of the State of Israel, Yitzhak Shamir worked for Israel's security service, the Mossad from 1955 to 1965. He joined the Herut political party in 1969. He was elected to Israel's parliament, the Knesset, in 1973 as a member of political party Likud. He was the Prime Minister of Israel from 1983 to 1984 and from 1986 to 1992. He was the country’s second longest-serving prime minister after David Ben-Gurion.

He died of Alzheimer's disease in Tel Aviv, Israel in 2012 and was buried in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem.

Sea grass

Sea grasses (or "seagrass") are flowering plants which live in the sea. They come from four plant families in the order Alismatales. They are monocotyledons which grow in marine, fully saline environments.

Sea grasses evolved from plants which went back to the ocean 70 to 100 million years ago, in the long, warm, Cretaceous period.

Sea grass is a key part of continental shelf ecosystems where phytoplankton produce carbonate sediment. This kind of ecosystem occurs in subtropical places like Florida Bay, and around Bermuda. Sea grass beds often contain many species from various phyla. Apparently, seagrass herbivory is a highly important link in the food chain. Many species feed on sea grasses, such as green turtles, dugongs, manatees, fish, geese, swans, sea urchins and crabs.

The surface of the seagrass is the place where "Melobesia", a small alga, makes chalk as a by-product of its metabolism. That is not the only chalk-producing organism in the seagrass beds. 

A huge bed of seagrass has been found off the coast of Western Australia. 

Researchers collected shoots from the bay and looked at 18,000 genetic markers. It is "all from the same plant", and covers about 77 square miles (200 square kilometres).


T. Rex (band)

T. Rex were a British rock band. They were formed in London in 1967 as Tyrannosaurus Rex and changed their name to T. Rex in 1970. They released many singles and albums. They disbanded when their frontman Marc Bolan (1947–1977) was killed in a car accident. 

As Tyrannosaurus Rex


As T. Rex



List of Manchester United F.C. players

The List of Manchester United F.C. players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Manchester United F.C. is an English Premier League club in Manchester.




Coniston

Coniston is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1058 people living in Coniston.

Egremont

Egremont is a town and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 7444 people living in Egremont.

Gosforth

Gosforth is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1230 people living in Gosforth.

Distington

Distington is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 2247 people living in Distington.

Seascale

Seascale is a seaside village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1747 people living in Seascale.

Seascale has a primary school, fire station and a railway Station. There is a ice cream parlour on the beach front. 

Seaton

Seaton is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 4861 people living in Seaton.

Bootle, Cumbria

Bootle is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 745 people living in Bootle.

Wigton

Wigton is a town and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 5,360 people living in Wigton.

Caldbeck

Caldbeck is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 714 people living in Caldbeck.

Wetheral

Wetheral is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 5203 people living in Wetheral.

Brampton, Carlisle

Brampton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 4361 people living in Brampton.

Thursby

Thursby is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1185 people living in Thursby.

Hayton

Hayton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 2180 people living in Hayton.

Hethersgill

Hethersgill is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 382 people living in Hethersgill.

Waverton

Waverton is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 326 people living in Waverton.

Theydon Bois

Theydon Bois is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 3993 people living in Theydon Bois.

Sheering

Sheering is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2838 people living in Sheering.

Stanford Rivers

Stanford Rivers is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 739 people living in Stanford Rivers.

Debden

Debden is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. It is located 4 miles (6 km) from Saffron Walden and 17 miles (27 km) from Cambridge. In 2001 there were 753 people living in Debden. 

Ashdon

Ashdon is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 792 people living in Ashdon.

Little Dunmow

Little Dunmow is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 310 people living in Little Dunmow.

Felsted

Felsted is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2843 people living in Felsted. It includes the hamlets of Bannister Green, Cobblers Green, Cock Green, Frenches Green, Gransmore Green, Mole Hill Green, Pyes Green, Thistley Green and Willow Green.

British state carriages

The British royal family has many state carriages. They are horse-drawn coaches. The carriages are used in royal events. 

The carriages are housed at the Royal Mews in London. Some are on public display. Most are in regular use. A few are only used rarely.



Matching

Matching is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 635 people living in Matching.

Boreham

Boreham is a village and civil parish in City of Chelmsford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 3450 people living in Boreham.

Wimbish

Wimbish is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1550 people living in Wimbish. It includes the hamlets of Tye Green, Upper and Lower Green (or Wimbish Green), Howlett End, Elder Street and Cole End.

Pleshey

Pleshey is a village and civil parish in Chelmsford, Essex. In 2001 there were 295 people living in Pleshey.

Japan state carriages

Japan state carriages are horse-drawn coaches. The carriages are used in Imperial events. 

The carriages are in regular use. For example, during the presentation of credentials of a newly appointed ambassador, it sometimes happens that the ambassador will be driven to the south portico of the Imperial Palace in a horse-drawn carriage. The carriages called "zagyoshiki" are drawn by two horses 

A few carriages are only used rarely. For example, some state carriages are part of ceremonies of enthronement and the marriages of members of the Imperial Family.

In December 1923, there was an assassination attempt on the life of Crown Prince Hirohito. He was in a carriage on his way to the opening of the 48th Session of the Imperial Diet. A small pistol was fired at the Imperial carriage. The bullet injured a chamberlain, but Hirohito was unharmed.



Stapleford Abbotts

Stapleford Abbotts is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 959 people living in Stapleford Abbotts.

Gosfield

Gosfield is a village and civil parish in Braintree District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1364 people living in Gosfield.

Leaden Roding

Leaden Roding is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 557 people living in Leaden Roding.

Elsenham

Elsenham is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2403 people living in Elsenham.

Hatfield Heath

Hatfield Heath is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1670 people living in Hatfield Heath.

Margaret Roding

Margaret Roding is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 193 people living in Margaret Roding.

Wendens Ambo

Wendens Ambo is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 436 people living in Wendens Ambo.

Arkesden

Arkesden is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 363 people living in Arkesden.

RMS Queen Mary

RMS "Queen Mary" is a ship in Long Beach, California. It is docked in the harbor. It was an ocean liner that sailed in the North Atlantic Ocean from 1936 to 1967.

With the outbreak of World War II, she was changed into a troopship. Queen Mary moved Allied soldiers for the rest of the war. Following the war, "Queen Mary" was refitted for passenger service.

The ship now is a tourist attraction featuring restaurants, a museum, and hotel. The ship is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. 

Society Islands

The Society Islands are a group of islands in French Polynesia. They include Tahiti, Bora Bora, Moorea, and many others. The largest city in the area is Faaa, which is located on Tahiti.

College Board

The College Board is a group that manages standardized tests in the United States, like the SAT, to test students' abilities in certain subject areas. It was founded in 1900, known then as the College Entrance Examination Board (CEEB).

The SAT is a test for entrance to colleges and universities. It is a standardized test managed by the College Board, and developed, published, and scored by the Educational Testing Service (ETS). It is fee-based, costing about $50. It competes with the ACT, another standardized test for college admissions.

The College Board Accuplacer test is a placement test on the computer that tests students on their reading, writing, and math skills.

The College Board Advanced Placement Program is a program that gives high school students a chance to take college level classes, preparing them for college. It also helps admissions to college. The program lets students get college credit for high scores on AP exams. The college can still choose whether or not to give credit.

The CLEP, or the College Level Examination Program, is a program that lets students show that they know college-level material through exams in college courses.

SpringBoard is a program created by the College Board to prepare students who will take AP or college courses later. The program offers pre-AP and AP teaching and learning strategies across school and classwork. The material is for grades 6th to 12th.



New Super Mario Bros. 2



UEFA Euro 2012 Group A

Group A of the UEFA Euro 2012 began on June 8, 2012 and ended on June 16, 2012. The group had the teams of Poland, Czech Republic, Greece and Russia. Czech Republic and Greece went to the quarter-finals.



Kate Gynther

Kate Gynther (born 5 July 1982 in Brisbane) is a water polo player from Australia. She won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics when she played for the team from Australia. She played water polo at the 2004 Summer Olympics; her team finished fourth.

Pig (disambiguation)

Pigs are mammals of the genus "Sus"

Pig, PIG, or PIGS may also be:








Pig, Kentucky

Pig is an unincorporated community in southern Edmonson County, Kentucky, United States. The town is about 21 miles away from Bowling Green, Kentucky, in the southern adjacent Warren County, Kentucky

Pig (zodiac)

The Boar (豬) (is the current year in 2019 symbolizing the year of the Earth Pig); is the twelfth of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac in relation to the Chinese Calendar. In the continuous sexagenary cycle, every twelfth year refers to hai, and is commonly called the Year of the Pig 豬. There are five types of Pigs, named after Chinese elements. In order, they are: Metal, Water, Wood, Fire, and Earth.

In the Japanese zodiac and the Tibetan zodiac, the Pig is replaced by the boar. In the Dai zodiac, the Pig is replaced by the elephant. In the Gurung zodiac, the Pig is replaced by the deer.

According to myths, the Pig was the last to arrive when the Jade Emperor called for the great meeting. Other sources say that the Buddha asked for a great meeting when he was about to leave Earth. The Pig came last.

There are legends that as the emperor called one day, an oink and squeal was heard from a little Pig. The term "lazy Pig" is appropriate here as the Pig is hungry in the race, immediately stops for a feast and then falls asleep. After sleeping, the Pig continues the race and is named the 12th and final animal of the zodiac cycle.

Suinae

Suinae is a subfamily of mammals. It includes at least some of the living members of the family Suidae and their closest relatives—the domestic pig and related species, such as babirusas. 

In their 1997 "Classification of Mammals", Malcolm C. McKenna and Susan K. Bell classify the Suinae as follows:
In the 2005 third edition of "Mammal Species of the World", which treats only Recent forms, Peter Grubb followed this classification.

Potamochoerus

Potamochoerus is a genus in the pig family (Suidae). The two species only live in Sub-saharan Africa. The Bushpig, possibly due to introduction by man, also can be found in Madagascar and nearby islands.


Murilo Benício

Murilo Benício Ribeiro (born July 13, 1971, in Niterói, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian actor. 

Benicio's television roles include the popular telenovelas "O Clone" and "América".

Benício has a son named Antônio with actress Alessandra Negrini and a son named Pietro with actress Giovanna Antonelli. 

Intellectual property

Intellectual property (IP) refers to the ownership of an idea or design by the person who came up with it. It is a term used in property law. It gives a person certain exclusive rights to a distinct type of creative design, meaning that nobody else can copy or reuse that creation without the owner's permission. It can be applied to musical, literary and artistic works, discoveries and inventions. Common types of intellectual property rights include copyrights, trademarks, patents, industrial design rights and trade secrets.

The term "intellectual property" dates from the 19th century. Before that, patent laws were first made under the Statute of Monopolies 1623 and copyright laws were first seen in the Statute of Anne in 1710. Modern usage of the term "intellectual property" goes back at least as far as 1867. The constitution of the North German Confederation granted legislative power over the protection of intellectual property () to the confederation.

The stated reason for most intellectual property laws is to encourage progress. To give legal ownership of an idea to an inventor is seen as an incentive for those people to make their inventions available to the public. It is designed to secure the full value of a work for its creator, to make it into another type of 'real' property.


Galway (sheep)

The Galway is a breed of sheep with long wool from western Ireland. They are a large white-faced sheep. The average litter size is 1.45. 

Bistro

A bistro (sometimes spelled bistrot) is a small place, much like a café. In its original Parisian version, a bistro is a small restaurant. It serves moderately priced simple meals in a modest setting. Bistros are defined mostly by the foods they serve. Home cooking with robust earthy dishes, and slow-cooked foods like cassoulet are typical. By using stews and cassoulets they could cook the main food and it would last all day.

Similar to bistros are brasseries, which offer slightly more elaborate meals.

Panfield

Panfield is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 850 people living in Panfield.

Great Maplestead

Great Maplestead is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 355 people living in Great Maplestead. It has a church called St Giles.

Keoladeo National Park

The Keoladeo National Park is an Indian bird sanctuary in Bharatpur, Rajasthan. It is also a declared World Heritage Site.

Keoladeo Ghana National Park is a man-made and man-managed wetland and one of the national parks of India. 

The wetlands were created in the mid-18th century. It is named after a Keoladeo (Shiva) temple within its boundaries. The area is a natural low spot in the land. It was flooded by two rivers, the Gambhir and Banganga. 

The area was a hunting ground for the maharajas of Bharatpur after 1850. The Viceroy of India hunted birds in this special park. 

Keoladeo was established as a national park on 10 March 1982. 

The area was designated as a bird sanctuary on 13 March 1976.

In 1985, the Park was declared a World Heritage Site. 

Keoladeo (Bharatpur) National Park (27°10'N, 77°31'E) is in eastern Rajasthan. It is 2 kilometers (km) south-east of Bharatpur and 50 km west of Agra. 

The Park is spread over approx 29 square kilometer area. One third of the Keoladeo National Park habitat is wetland. The uplands have grasslands (savannas) of tall species of grass together with scattered trees and shrubs present in varying density. 

In an area characterized by sparse vegetation, the park is the only spot which has dense vegetation and trees. . 

Dykes divide the wetland into ten units. Each unit has a system of sluice gates to control its water level.

The Bombay Natural History Society has done considerable work in the area.

Between December 1992 and January 1995, a collaborative project between the Governments of India and Russia, International Crane Foundation and Wild Bird Society of Japan was set up to save the Siberian crane. The project focused on releasing captivity bred cranes into the wild, tracking migratory routes of common cranes, and building up the resident crane population in the park..



Stowupland

Stowupland is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1,962 people living in Stowupland.

Stradbroke

Stradbroke is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1221 people living in Stradbroke.

Football at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament

The 2012 Men's Olympic Football Tournament was the under-23 football tournament. It was held during the 2012 Summer Olympics. It was held from 26 July to 11 August. All the national under-23 qualified football teams can compete. The defending champion was Argentina. The tournament was hosted in England (4 stadiums), Scotland (1 stadium) and Wales (1 stadium). 16 teams were qualified for the final group stage.


After the Burial

After the Burial is an American metal band from Twin Cities, Minnesota. After the Burial has five members in the band; the current band members are Justin Lowe, Lerichard Foral, Trent Hafdahl, Dan Carle and Anthony Notarmaso.

The band was formed in 2004. They released their first album ""Forging a Future Self"" on January 9, 2007. Band members Nick Wellner and Greg Erickson left the band shortly after they signed to Sumerian Records. Grant Luoma joined the band and replaced Wellner as the vocalist and Eric Robles replaced Erickson on drums. Robles left the band before the recording of their second album and Dan Carle joined the band to replace him. The band released their second album ""Rareform"" on July 22, 2008. Luoma left the band in 2009 and Anthony Notarmaso joined the band to replace him on vocals. They released their ""In Dreams"" on November 23, 2010.





Olympic mascot

The Olympic mascot is a mascot that represents the nation that is hosting the Olympics.

Comité d'études sur les formations d'ingénieurs

The Comité d'études sur les formations d'ingénieurs (CEFI, in English engineer training studies committee) is the French institution for the study of the training and job placement for engineers in France. It was created in 1975 by French Ministry of National Education.


CAE Oxford Aviation Academy Douala

The CAE Oxford Aviation Academy Douala (formerly Sabena Flight Academy Africa) (CAE SFA-A) is an aviation school (part of CAE Global Academy). It is in Douala, Cameroon. It was the first civil aviation university in Cameroon.

The school was a subsidiary of Sabena Flight Academy. It trains pilots, flight attendants (preparation of the "Certificat de formation à la sécurité") and flight dispatchers.

The school was created in 2008 by Joseph Barla, Jean-Yves Kotto and Sabena Flight Academy. That is why the name of the school was originally Sabena Flight Academy Africa. A few months later, after Canadian group CAE took over Sabena Flight Academy, SFA-A was also bought. It became part of CAE Global Academy and was renamed CAE Global Academy Douala.


Derecho

Derechos are a widespread and damaging group of severe thunderstorms. The word "derecho" means "straight" in Spanish. That is because it is a straight line of thunderstorms. They often have rapid forward speeds. They have a distinct appearance on radars, known as bow echoes. They have very strong winds. Unlike other thunderstorms, derecho storms usually hit suddenly{fact}, with strong hurricane force winds, spraying rain, and frequent lightning from all directions{fact}. A derecho can create heavy damage in only a short time. These storms usually occur in North America, although they can occur elsewhere around the world. Winds with these storms can exceed 100 mph in certain cases.

Ghostwriter (TV series)

Ghostwriter is an American children's mystery fantasy thriller TV series created by Liz Nealon. It was produced by Sesame Workshop and BBC One. It first aired in October 1992. It is about a group of friends who solve mysteries. They are helped by an ghost named Ghostwriter.

In 1997, CBS aired "The New Ghostwriter Mysteries".

Cheshire, Connecticut, home invasion murders

The Cheshire, Connecticut, home invasion murders were on July 23, 2007. A mother and her two daughters were murdered during a home invasion in Cheshire, Connecticut. "The Hartford Courant" called the case "possibly the most widely publicized crime in the state's history". In 2010, Steven Hayes was convicted of the murders and sentenced to death. His accomplice, Joshua Komisarjevsky, was found guilty on October 13, 2011, and sentenced to death on January 27, 2013.


Steven J. Hayes (born May 30, 1963, in Homestead, Florida) was found guilty on 16 out of 17 counts related to the home invasion murders on October 5, 2010. On November 8, 2010, the jury returned with a recommendation for Hayes to be killed by the State. He was formally sentenced to death by Superior Court Judge Jon C. Blue on December 2, 2010.

Hayes is an inmate of the Connecticut Department of Correction. His criminal history shows him sentenced for his first offense at the age of 16. He is housed in the Northern Correctional Institution in Somers. 

Joshua A. Komisarjevsky (born August 10, 1980) was Hayes' accomplice in the home invasion and murder of William Petit's wife and two daughters. He was born in 1980 and adopted by the son of playwright Theodore Komisarjevsky. Komisarjevsky was kept at the Walker Reception Center rather than pay a $15 million bond. His trial began September 19, 2011, and on October 13, 2011, he was convicted on all 17 counts. On December 9, 2011, the jury recommended the death penalty. On January 27, 2012 Judge Jon Blue sentenced Komisarjevsky to death by lethal injection.

Juan Martín del Potro

Juan Martín del Potro (born 23 September 1988) is an Argentine tennis player. He was born in Tandil. He turned pro in 2005. He won the US Open in 2009.

Hendrik Conscience

Henri "Hendrik" Conscience (3 December 1812 Antwerp - 10 September 1883 Elsene) was a Belgian writer. His father was French and his mother was Flemish. He wrote in Dutch after the secession from the Netherlands in 1830 left Belgium a mostly French speaking country.

His mother died in 1820. The boy and his younger brother had no other friend than their grim and somewhat sinister father. In 1826 Pierre Conscience married again, this time to a widow much younger than himself, Anna Catherina Bogaerts. Soon after his second marriage Pierre sold his shop and moved to the Kempen region. Conscience often describes this land in his books. It is the flat land that stretches between Antwerp and Venlo.

At the age of seventeen Hendrik left his father's house to become a tutor in Antwerp. His studies were soon interrupted by the Revolution of 1830. He volunteered in the Belgian revolutionary army. In 1837 he left the service and returned to civilian life.

His poems, written while he was a soldier, were all in French. He received no pension when he was discharged. He decided to write a Flemish book for sale. He wrote a series of stories set during the Dutch Revolt, with the title "In 't Wonderjaar 1566" (published Ghent, 1837).

His father thought it so vulgar of his son to write a book in Flemish that he turned him out of doors. Soon people of standing, amongst them the painter Wappers, showed interest in the unfortunate young man. Wappers even gave him a suit of clothes and eventually presented him to King Leopold. Leopold ordered the Wonderjaar to be added to the libraries of every Belgian school. It was with the patronage of Leopold I that Conscience published his second book, "Fantasy", in the same year 1837.

"The Lion of Flanders" was followed by "How to become a Painter" (1843), "What a Mother can Suffer" (1843), "Siska van Roosemael" (1844), "Lambrecht Hensmans" (1847), "Jacob van Artevelde" (1849), and "The Conscript" (1850).

In 1845 Conscience was made a knight of the Order of Leopold. Writing in Flemish had stopped being seen as vulgar.

In 1845 Conscience published a History of Belgium on request by King Leopold I. "Blind Rosa" (1850), "Rikketikketak" (1851), "The Decayed Gentleman" (1851), and "The Miser" (1853) are among the most important of the long list of his novels. These had an instant effect upon more recent fiction, and Conscience had many imitators.

In 1855 translations of his books began to appear in English, French, German and Italian. He continued to make novels with great regularity. His publications amounted to nearly eighty in number. He was by now the most eminent of the citizens of Antwerp. His 70th birthday was celebrated with public festivities. After a long illness he died at his house in Antwerp.

Georges Simenon

Georges Joseph Christian Simenon (; 13 February 1903 – 4 September 1989) was a Belgian writer. He published nearly 200 novels and many short works. Simenon is best known as the creator of the fictional detective Jules Maigret.


Suzanne Lilar

Baroness Suzanne Lilar (née "Suzanne Verbist"; 21 May 1901 – 11 December 1992) was a Flemish Belgian essayist, novelist, and playwright. She wrote in French. She was the wife of the Belgian Minister of Justice Albert Lilar and mother of the writer Françoise Mallet-Joris and the art historian Marie Fredericq-Lilar.

She was a member of the Royal Academy of French Language and Literature from 1952 to 1992.

In 1919 Lilar attended the State University of Ghent. She studied philosophy and was the first woman to receive a Law degree in 1925. She moved to Antwerp where she became the first woman lawyer. In 1929 she married the lawyer Albert Lilar who would later become a Minister of Justice and Minister of State. After the death of her husband in 1976, she left Antwerp and moved to Brussels in 1977.

Lilar began her literary career as a journalist. She reported on Republican Spain for the newspaper "L'Indépendance belge" in 1931. She later became a playwright with "Le Burlador" (1946). It was an original reinterpretation of the myth of Don Juan. It was told from the female perspective. She wrote two more plays, "Tous les chemins mènent au ciel" (1947), a theological drama set in a 14th-century convent, and "Le Roi lépreux" (1951), a play about the Crusades.

Amélie Nothomb

Amélie Nothomb (born Fabienne-Claire on 9 July 1966) is a Belgian writer who writes in French.

Amélie Nothomb was born in Etterbeek, Belgium to Belgian diplomats. She lived in Japan, then in China, New York, Bangladesh, Burma, Coventry and Laos.

Nothomb's first novel, "Hygiène de l'assassin", was published in 1992. Since then, she has published about one novel per year, including "Les Catilinaires" (1995), "Fear and Trembling" (1999) and "Métaphysique des tubes" (2000, published in English as "The Character of Rain"). She has been awarded many prizes, including the 1999 Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française, the Prix René-Fallet, and the 1993 Prix Alain-Fournier.

Unless otherwise stated, all works were originally published in French by Éditions Albin Michel.

Maurice Maeterlinck

Maurice Polydore Marie Bernard Maeterlinck, also called "Comte (Count) Maeterlinck" from 1932, (29 August 1862 – 6 May 1949) was a Belgian playwright, poet, and essayist. He wrote in French. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1911. The main themes in his work are death and the meaning of life. His plays are an important part of the Symbolist movement.

He finished his law studies at the University of Ghent in 1885. He then spent a few months in Paris, France. His first play, "Princess Maleine", was well received in August 1890.

He had a relationship with the singer and actress Georgette Leblanc from 1895 till 1918. On 15 February 1919 Maeterlinck married Renée Dahon. She was actress he met during a rehearsal of "The Blue Bird" in 1910.

When Germany invaded Belgium in 1914, Maeterlink wished to join the French Foreign Legion. His application was denied due to his age.

In 1919 he accepted an invitation to the United States. He worked with Samuel Goldwyn on movies but did not find success.

He was made a count by Albert I, King of the Belgians in 1932.

He returned to Nice after the war on 10 August 1947. In 1948, the French Academy awarded him the Medal for the French Language. He died in Nice on 6 May 1949 after suffering a heart attack.

Franco-Belgian comics

Franco-Belgian comics are comics that are made for Belgian and French readers. These countries have a long tradition in comics and comic books. There they are known as "BD"s, an abbreviation of "bandes dessinées". This means "drawn strips" in French. Many other European comics, especially Italian comics, are strongly influenced by Franco-Belgian comics. In Europe, the French language is spoken not only in France but also by about 40% of the population of Belgium and about 20% of the population of Switzerland. 

While hundreds of comic series have been made in the Franco-Belgian group, some are more notable than others. Most of those listed are aimed at younger readers:

Bunyip

The bunyip is a mythical creature from Australian mythology. It is said to live in swamps, billabongs, creeks, riverbeds, and waterholes. The bunyip is found in traditional aboriginal beliefs and stories from many parts of Australia, although it is called by several different names in different language groups. These include "kianpraty" along the Murrumbidgee, "wowee" in the Hunter Valley, "wee waa" in the Narrandera region, as well as many other names. The name "bunyip" comes from the Wemba-Wemba language of southeastern Australia. It is normally translated today as "devil" or "evil spirit".

During the early settlement of Australia by Europeans, the idea that the bunyip was an actual unknown animal that had yet to be discovered became common. A large number of bunyip "sightings" by settlers were recorded during the 1840s and 1850s, especially in Victoria, New South Wales and South Australia. Various written stories of bunyips were made by Europeans in the early and mid-19th century. Stories were commonly told to children to make them stay away from dangerous areas of water.

There are many different descriptions of what the bunyip looks like. Features that were often reported in newspapers in the early 19th-century included dark fur, a face like a dog, sharp teeth and claws, flippers, tusks or horns, and a duck-like bill. One writer, Robert Brough Smyth, recorded many different descriptions of the bunyip. But he concluded that most people did not really know much about what it looked like or its behaviour, and that they were too afraid of the creature to be able to take note of its appearance.

Scholars have suggested that the story of the bunyip may have been passed down from a time when megafauna still existed in Australia. Comparisons have been made to extinct marsupials like the "Diprotodon" or "Thylacoleo". Other scholars have suggested that people finding the fossilised remains of such animals would identify them as the bunyip.

The first written account of the bunyip was in July 1845. A newspaper reported on the finding of some fossils near Geelong. When the bones were shown to an Aboriginal man, he was said to have immediately recognised it as the bunyip. He was asked to draw a picture of the bunyip. The newspaper described it as having a head like an emu and the body and legs of an alligator. Its legs were said to be strong, with thick and short hind legs and long legs in front. It was said to have long claws. When in the water, it was said to swim like a frog, but when on shore it would walk on its hind legs, standing high.

In January 1846, a weird-looking skull was taken from the banks of Murrumbidgee River in New South Wales. The person who found it said that all the natives it had been shown to had called it a bunyip. The skull was put on display in the Australian Museum in Sydney. Crowds came to see it, and "The Sydney Morning Herald" wrote that many of the visitors told stories about their "bunyip sightings".

Another early story about the bunyip was written in 1852 by an escaped convict named William Buckley. He wrote that in many of the lakes he had visited, there lived an "amphibious animal, which the natives call Bunyip". He wrote that he only ever saw the back of the animal, which he said was covered in grey feathers. He described it as being the size of a small cow. He claimed the bunyip was believed to have supernatural powers.


Peyo

Pierre Culliford (25 June 1928 – 24 December 1992), known as Peyo, was a Belgian comics artist. He is best known for making "The Smurfs" comic strip.

Peyo was born in 1928 in Brussels. He was the son of an English father and a Belgian mother. On Christmas Eve 1992, Peyo died of a heart attack in Brussels at age 64.

He went to the Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts in Brussels. Peyo began work at the Compagnie Belge d'Animation (CBA), a small Belgian animation studio. There he met a few of his future colleagues, like André Franquin, Morris and Eddy Paape. He made his first comics for the newspaper "La Dernière Heure" (The Latest Hour). From 1949 to 1952, he drew "Poussy", a stop comic about a cat, for "Le Soir". For the same newspaper, he also made "Johan".

In 1952, Franquin introduced Peyo to "Le Journal de Spirou". It was a children's comics magazine published by Dupuis which was first in Belgium in 1938. Peyo wrote and drew a lot of characters and storylines. His favourite was "Johan et Pirlouit" (translated into English as "Johan and Peewit"). Set in the Middle Ages in Europe, "Johan et Pirlouit" stars a brave young page to the king, and his faithful, if boastful and cheating, midget sidekick. Johan defends the meek on his trusty horse, while Peewit gallops behind on his goat, named Biquette. 

The first smurf appeared in "Johan and Peewit" on 23 October 1958 in the album "La Flûte à Six Schtroumpfs" ("The Six Smurfed Flute"). As the smurfs became more popular, Peyo started a studio in the early 1960s. Many talented comic artists started to work. The most notable artists to come from this studio are Walthéry, Wasterlain, Gos, Derib, Degieter, and Desorgher.

In 1959, the Smurfs got their own series. Many authors of the Marcinelle school worked together on the writing or as an artist. These include Willy Maltaite (aka 'Will'), Yvan Delporte, and Roger Leloup. Peyo became more of a businessman and supervisor. He let his son, Thierry Culliford, lead the studio. His daughter Véronique was responsible for the merchandising.

The merchandising of the Smurfs began in 1959. The PVC figurines were the most important piece until the late 1970s. Then, with the success of the Smurf records by Father Abraham, the Smurfs got more international success. Some of the toys reached the United States. Hanna-Barbera made a Saturday morning animated series in 1981. Peyo was story supervisor. 




André Delvaux

André, Baron Delvaux (21 March 1926 – 4 October 2002) was a Belgian movie director. He is widely called the founder of the Belgian national cinema. Born in Heverlee, he died in Valencia, Spain. He received the Magritte Honorary Award at the Magritte Awards 2011.


Stijn Coninx

Stijn, Baron Coninx (born 21 February 1957 in Neerpelt, Belgium) is a Belgian movie director. He is best known for the movie "Daens". He was made a Baron by King Albert II of Belgium. He studied movie directing at HRITCS.





Jan Decleir

Jan Decleir (born 14 February 1946) is a Belgian movie and stage actor. He was born in Niel, Antwerp.

His first big role was in Fons Rademakers' "Mira" (1971). He starred in Academy Award winning movies "Karakter" and "Antonia" and the Oscar-nominated social drama "Daens". 

For his role in "The Barons", he received the Magritte Award for Best Supporting Actor.



Marie Gillain

Marie Gillain (born 18 June 1975) is a Belgian actress.

In 1996 Gillain received the Prix Romy Schneider. She is single but has two daughters, Dune (born in 2004, from musician Martin Gamet) and Vega (born in 2009, from French-Italian actor Christopher Degli Esposti).


Mutitjulu

Muṯitjulu is an Indigenous Australian town in the Northern Territory. It is inside Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park, just east of Uluṟu. It is named after a knee-shaped waterhole at the base of Uluṟu. Its people are mostly Pitjantjatjara. There are also some Yankunytjnatjara, Luritja and Ngaanyatjarra families living there. Almost everybody works in the national park.

The community had a population of 283 in the 2006 census. It was reported to have dropped to around 150 in 2012, after alcohol was banned.


The Alzheimer Case

The Alzheimer Case (also called The Alzheimer Affair or The Memory of a Killer) is a 2003 movie directed by Erik Van Looy. It is based on the novel "De Zaak Alzheimer" by Jef Geeraerts.

Albert Namatjira

Albert Namatjira (28 July 1902 – 8 August 1959), born Elea Namatjira, was an Indigenous Australian artist. He is one of Australia's most well-known painters. He is best known for his watercolour paintings of the Australian outback landscape. His works were not in the traditional style of Aboriginal art. But they became important to forming the style of modern indigenous art in Australia.

Namatjira was an Arrernte man from the western MacDonnell Ranges area. He was born at Hermannsburg, a Lutheran mission near Alice Springs. He was born as Elea, but once baptised, his parents changed his name to Albert. He had a western-style upbringing on the mission. When he turned 13, though, he returned to the bush for his initiation. He was made a member of the Arrernte community and was introduced to his traditional heritage. Namatjira said this is how he came to understand the kinship with his land that is seen in his works. He eventually become an elder of the Arrernte community.

His first exhibition was held in Melbourne in 1938. Exhibitions after this in Sydney and Adelaide sold out. His art became widely recognised around Australia. A portrait painting of him by William Dargie won the Archibald Prize in 1956.


Florida Bay

Florida Bay is the large shallow lagoon between the southern end of the Florida mainland (the Florida Everglades) and the Florida Keys, a long series of small islands. The Bay is significant for its ecology of sea grass and the organisms that live there.

Nearly all of Florida Bay is included in Everglades National Park. The southern edge, along the Florida Keys is in the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary. Outside the Bay is the northern part of the Keys, and outside them is the Florida Reef, the only barrier coral reef in North America.

The Bay has the largest known seagrass bed in the world. Sea grass beds contain many species from various phyla. Seagrass herbivory is important in the food chain, and eaten by a number of animals, some of them rare. Species that feed on sea grass include green turtles, dugongs, manatees, fish, geese, sea urchins and crabs. The mangrove swamps in the shallow areas are also quite extensive.

Florida Bay is a model for the conditions which produced limestones on many of the continental shelves of the world. It is a kind of carbonate 'factory'.

In the Florida Bay a type of flowering plant called sea grass is in abundance. Also in abundance is white, milky water full of calcium carbonate. This is mainly formed by "Melobesia", a small red alga which lives on the sea grass. Also, the organisms produce huge amounts of slime, which is a polysaccharide. There is good reason to think the slime is produced by the algae to control the way their carbonate skeletons are formed. As a side-effect the slime limits the amount of carbonate which goes into solution in the water, so most of it gets deposited on the bottom.

Florida Bay is a flat platform which has laid down a huge amount of carbonate rock. 

Waterspouts are a feature of the area. There are as many as 500 waterspouts per year. They are common from June to October, but can occur at other times.


Oodgeroo Noonuccal

Oodgeroo Noonuccal ( ; born Kathleen Jean Mary Ruska, formerly Kath Walker; 3 November 1920 – 16 September 1993) was an Australian poet, political activist, artist and teacher. She was best known for her poetry, and was the first Aboriginal Australian to publish a book of verse. Oodgeroo Noonuccal is a traditional Quandamooka name that she adopted for herself in 1988 (Oodgeroo refers to the paperbark tree, and Noonuccal is the name of her tribe).

Oodgeroo campaigned strongly for Aboriginal rights. She was one of the main people behind the campaign for the changes to the Australian constitution in 1967. These changes gave Aboriginal people full citizenship. She also campaigned for Prime Minister Robert Menzies and his successor Harold Holt. 

She wrote many books, beginning with "We Are Going" (1964), the first book to be published by an Aboriginal woman. This first book of poetry was very successful, and Oodgeroo became one of Australia's best-selling poets. Her writing contained strong political messages. Oodgeroo described her own style as "sloganistic". She wanted to show how proud she was of being an Aboriginal. She wanted her writing to make people support equality and Aboriginal rights. Oodgeroo won several literary awards, including the Mary Gilmore Medal (1970), the Jessie Litchfield Award (1975), and the Fellowship of Australian Writers' Award.

In 1972 she opened an educational centre in her hometown of Moongalba, on North Stradbroke Island. The centre taught children about nature and Aboriginal culture.

Oodgeroo was made a member of the Order of the British Empire in 1970. She returned it in 1987 to protest the Australian bicentenary celebrations and to make a political statement about social inequality in Australia.



Sweat gland

Sweat glands, (sudoriferous or sudoriparous glands), are small tube-like glands in the skin that create sweat. 

The evaporation of sweat helps to cool the body down. Also, in many mammals, the sweat contains a slight scent which other animals can notice.

E-learning

An online educational or e-learning service is a website which teaches and helps students improve in certain subjects such as Maths, English and Science. These are normally used by schools to let students learn from home and complete online homework. Website owners who own good online educational services may charge schools to use these websites, however, many websites such as Bitesize, run by the BBC, are open to the public.


Mexican west coast rattlesnake

The Mexican West Coast Rattlesnake (Crotalus basiliscus), also known as the ""Mexican Green Rattler"" or the ""Mexican West Coast Green Rattlesnake"", is a type of venomous pit viper species. The scientific name comes from the Greek word for 'King', basiliskos, because of the snakes large size and dangerous venom.Currently, no subspecies are recognized.

The Mexican West Coast Rattlesnake is one of the largest rattlesnake species. Ones which have the length of 150 centimetres (4.9 ft) are common, while the maximum size is reported to be 204.5 centimetres (6.71 ft).The young are mostly red but when they become adults their color changes to olive green or yellowish cream.

This snakes are found in western Mexico, from southern Sonora to Michoacán. They live in areas which are treeless, are covered in short grass, thorny bushes and have plenty of cactus. 

Not many know what this Rattlesnake eats, but scientist found seven Mexican West Coast Rattlesnakes which had mammal hair inside them, probably belonging to rodents.

In the lowlands, these snakes are active during the raining, summer months and some have been found crossing the roads at night. However some have been seen basking early in the morning. It has been reported that the Mexican West Coast Rattlesnake can be tamed easily in zoos.

Pietro Metastasio

Pietro Metastasio (3 January 1698 – 12 April 1782) was a poet from Italy. His real name was Pietro Antonio Domenico Bonaventura Trapassi. He was born in Rome and died in Vienna. For many years he was the poet laureate for the Holy Roman Emperor in Vienna. He is most famous for his librettos (the story and words) for operas. Many composers used them for their operas. More than 800 operas have a libretto by Metastasio.

Metastasio was born in Rome in 1698. His real name was Pietro Antonio Domenico Bonaventura Trapassi. His father came from Assisi, a city in the Umbria region of Italy. His mother came from Bologna. Metastasio's father, Felice Trapasso, was a soldier in the Pope's army. Later he had a small shop in Rome. When he was a small boy, Metastasio liked to make up poems and say them in the streets near his house. His parents were poor and could not send him to school. When he was 10 years old, they sent him to work for a goldsmith (a person who makes things out of gold). One day a rich lawyer named Giovanni Vincenzo Gravina heard Metastasio saying his poems. He adopted Metastasio and paid for him to go to school. He also changed the boy's name to Pietro Metastasio. Gravina died when Metastasio was 20 years old and left all his money to him. Metastasio wrote a long poem in memory of his adopted father. It was called "" ("The Road of ").

When he was a young man, Metatstasio worked as lawyer in Naples. In those days, Naples was famous for its music and its beautiful opera houses. In Naples, Metastasio took music lessons from the Italian composer, Nicola Porpora. He liked to sing and to play the harpsichord. He sometimes composed his own music too. He also made money by writing poems for famous people's weddings and birthdays. He wrote his first opera libretto in 1724. It was called "". It told the story of Queen Dido and her love for Aeneas, a Trojan prince. It was a great success. He stopped working as a lawyer and made all his money by writing librettos and poems. Soon, he was famous all over Italy for his librettos. Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor asked Metastasio to come to Vienna to work as his poet laureate. In March 1730 Metastasio went to Vienna. He lived there for the rest of his life. He wrote many more opera librettos for the emperor's theatre. After the emperor died, Metastasio worked for the emperor's daughter Maria Theresa of Austria.

Metastasio died in 1782 at the house of his good friends, the Martinez family. He was 84 years old. Metastasio was buried in St. Michael's Church in Vienna. He left all of his money to the Martinez children. There are monuments to Metastasio in Rome and in Vienna. There are also theatres named after him in the Italian cities of Prato and Assisi. During his long life Metastasio wrote many letters to his friends. The English musician and writer, Charles Burney, translated Metastasio's letters into English. In 1796, Burney used them to write a book about the life of Metastasio. The book was called "Memoirs of the Life and Writings of the Abate Metastasio".

Metastasio wrote 26 librettos for a style of opera called "". Many composers used them. More than 800 operas have a libretto by Metastasio. Some of his "opera seria" librettos are: 

Metastasio also wrote librettos for other types of stories set to music. They were used for cantatas, oratorios, ballets and a special type of short opera called an '. An "azione" mostly tells a happy or funny story. They were performed at royal courts to celebrate weddings, birthdays and special anniversaries. One "azione" by Metastasio was called '. The title means "Cupid Wins". It was performed at the Schönbrunn Palace in 1765 to celebrate the wedding of Maria Theresa of Austria's son, Joseph II. Maria Theresa's younger children all sang and danced in "".



Cape Breton Regional Municipality

Cape Breton Regional Municipality often shortened to simply CBRM, is a regional municipality in Nova Scotia's Cape Breton County.

Region of Queens Municipality

The Region of Queens Municipality is a Canadian regional municipality located in southwestern Nova Scotia.

Nokrek National Park

Nokrek National Park is an Indian national park in the West Garo Hills district of Meghalaya near the border with Bangladesh. 

In 2009, UNESCO added Nokrek to its list of Biosphere Reserves.


Eric Sykes

Eric Sykes CBE (4 May 1923 – 4 July 2012) was a British actor, comedian, writer and director. He was born in Oldham, Lancashire. 

Sykes worked mostly on radio and television. He and Hattie Jacques starred in "Sykes and A...", "Sykes and a Big, Big Show" and "Sykes".

Andrew Garfield

Andrew Russell Garfield (born August 20, 1983) is an English-American actor and producer. He is best known for his role as Peter Parker/Spider-Man in the 2012 movie "The Amazing Spider-Man", and its 2014 sequel "The Amazing Spider-Man 2". He also played an Alternate universe version of Peter Parker in . 

Garfield was born in Los Angeles, California and was raised in Epsom, Surrey. He began his career on the UK stage.

In 2018, he won a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for his role as Prior Walter in "Angels in America". In 2022, he won a Golden Globe Award for his role as Jonathan Larson in "Tick, Tick... Boom!".

Nestlé

Nestlé is the world's largest food producer, by revenue. It was formed in the 1950s, when two companies merged. At the start in the 1860s, the company produced soluble milk that could be given to infants and babies. From about the 1930s, Nestlé also produced soluble coffee. In 2010, Nestle's revenue was about 109 billion Swiss Francs, and its net profit was about 32 billion Swiss Francs.

Nestlé currently owns over 2000 brands. They own brands that manufacture coffee, bottled water, milkshakes and other beverages, breakfast cereals, infant foods, performance and healthcare nutrition, seasonings, soups and sauces, frozen and refrigerated foods, and pet food.

Bear Brand is a powdered milk. It was introduced in 1976. It was owned by Nestlé. It is a sterilized milk brand. The sterilized milk was introduced in 1906. The powdered milk was introduced in 1976. It is #6 among the top 50 "most popular fast-moving consumer goods" in the Philippines.

Bear Brand is sold in Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam, Myanmar, Malaysia, Brunei, India, Yemen, Nepal, Taiwan, Singapore, China, Iran, Bhutan, Hong Kong and Afghanistan.

Food that is made to be used instead of breast milk is known as infant formula. There are many laws that regulate how infant formula products should be marketed. Nestlé's soluble milk is a product that falls under this definition. In the 1970s, Nestlé marketed its soluble milk to mothers with infants. This was also done in developing countries. The marketing campaign led to a boycott known as Nestlé boycott, which is still ongoing. In 1981, the World Health Organisation published a guideline for advertising infant formula products. Nestlé is being critizised because supposedly it does not respect this code of conduct. Nestlé's policy states that breast-milk is the best food for infants, and that women who cannot or choose not to breast feed need an alternative to ensure that their babies are getting the nutrition they need. The problem is that mothers who stop breastfeeding will not be able to start again, after some time. They will become dependent on infant formula products to feed their babies.

The 2010 documentary "The Dark Side of Chocolate" found that Nestlé purchases cocoa beans from Ivory Coast plantations that use child slave labour. Most children are between twelve and fifteen years old. Some are trafficked from nearby countries. The first allegations that child slavery is used in cocoa production appeared in 1998. In late 2000, a BBC documentary reported the use of enslaved children in the production of cocoa in
West Africa. Other media also reported widespread child slavery and child trafficking in the production of cocoa. In September 2001, Bradley Alford, chairman and CEO of Nestlé USA, signed the Harkin-Engel Protocol. The Harkin-Engel Protocol is an international agreement aimed at ending child labour in the production of cocoa. It is commonly called the Cocoa protocol.

In convention 182, the International Labor Organization defines what it calls the "worst forms of child labour". The Harkin-Engel protocol specified a deadline in 2005, to eliminate these from cocoa production. Because the cocoa industry did not meet this deadline, a lawsuit was filed against Nestlé and others on behalf of three Malian children. The suit alleged the children were trafficked to the Ivory Coast, forced into slavery, and were frequently beaten on a cocoa plantation.

In September 2010, the US District Court for the Central District of California found that corporations cannot be held liable for violations of international law and dismissed the suit. The case was appealed to the US Court of Appeals.

A 2009 joint police operation conducted by INTERPOL and Ivorian law enforcement officers resulted in the rescue of 54 children and the arrest of eight people involved in the illegal recruitment of children.

Cardiff Central railway station

Cardiff Central railway station is a main train station in Cardiff, the capital city of Wales. It is on the South Wales Main Line.

It is the 11th busiest station in the United Kingdom, except for stations in London.

The station is managed by Transport for Wales. Arriva run services along with First Great Western and CrossCountry.

The station has a first class area, the only one in Wales.

It opened as Cardiff, then Cardiff General in July 1924 and Cardiff Central in May 1973 to now.

Coddenham

Coddenham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 521 people living in Coddenham.

Debenham

Debenham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1874 people living in Debenham.


Barking, Suffolk

Barking is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 440 people living in Barking.

Laxfield

Laxfield is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 872 people living in Laxfield.

Gosbeck

Gosbeck is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 218 people living in Gosbeck.

Otley

Otley is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 665 people living in Otley. It is the birthplace of the English actor, Julian Sands.

Orford

Orford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 658 people living in Orford.

Alderton

Alderton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 421 people living in Alderton.

Yoxford

Yoxford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 695 people living in Yoxford.

Trimley St. Martin

Trimley St. Martin is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1,945 people living in Trimley St. Martin.

Saxmundham

Saxmundham is a town and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 2712 people living in Saxmundham.In 2011 the population was estimated by Suffolk County Council to be 3760.

Schools

There are two schools in Saxmundham: "Saxmundham Primary School" and "Saxmundham Free School."

Ufford

Ufford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 808 people living in Ufford.

Trimley St. Mary

Trimley St. Mary is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 3672 people living in Trimley St. Mary.

Rendlesham

Rendlesham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1635 people living in Rendlesham.


Dunwich

Dunwich is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 84 people living in Dunwich.

Dunwich was a large medieval town and port. For hundreds of years, the North Sea has destroyed the land on the coast. This process is called coastal erosion. Because of this, over 90% of the buildings have been lost.

Grundisburgh

Grundisburgh is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1472 people living in Grundisburgh.

Tunstall (village)

Tunstall is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 6,232 people living in Tunstall.

Martlesham

Martlesham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 5501 people living in Martlesham.

Butley

Butley is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 201 people living in Butley.

Thorrington

Thorrington is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1063 people living in Thorrington.


St. Osyth

St. Osyth is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 4119 people living in St. Osyth.

Great Oakley

Great Oakley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1012 people living in Great Oakley.


Tendring (civil parish)

Tendring is a village and civil parish in Tendring district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 679 people living in Tendring.

Great Bromley

Great Bromley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1130 people living in Great Bromley.


Little Bentley

Little Bentley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 312 people living in Little Bentley.

[[Category:Civil parishes in Essex]
Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore

Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore () is a private university in Milan, Italy. It was started on December 7, 1921. 

The university has 14 specialized schools.


Elmstead

Elmstead is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1898 people living in Elmstead.

Little Bromley

Little Bromley is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 289 people living in Little Bromley.


Dedham, Essex

Dedham is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1852 people living in Dedham.

Layer-de-la-Haye

Layer-de-la-Haye is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1868 people living in Layer-de-la-Haye.

Marks Tey

Marks Tey is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2566 people living in Marks Tey.

Marks Tey is a growing community on the A120 and right next to the A12 with a station with links to London. This means the village is favoured by commuters but has recently started developing within its own right.

Copford

Copford is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1643 people living in Copford.

Silver End

Silver End is a small village in England. It is in Essex, between the towns of Braintree and Witham. It was started by Francis Henry Crittall, who wanted it to be a model village. Crittall started a factory in Silver End for his company, Crittall Windows Ltd. The factory made parts for metal windows.

In 2001, there were 3,861 people living in Silver End. 

Shalford

Shalford is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 746 people living in Shalford.

Great Bardfield

Great Bardfield is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1238 people living in Great Bardfield.

Henham

Henham is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1161 people living in Henham.

Great Chesterford

Great Chesterford is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1424 people living in Great Chesterford.

Great Sampford

Great Sampford is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 509 people living in Great Sampford.

Rayne

Rayne is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2162 people living in Rayne.

Syrian Desert

The Syrian Desert () is a dry, flat land area in northern Saudi Arabia, eastern Jordan, southern Syria, and western Iraq.

Bristol Temple Meads railway station

Bristol Temple Meads railway station is a main line train station in Bristol, England.

The station has main trains to Paddington, Cardiff Central and the South Coast of England. There are also trains towards Taunton.

South Western Railway have services to London Waterloo. There are trains to Plymouth and Penzance, and to Birmingham, Manchester and Scotland. it has thirteen platforms 

In November 2012, Network Rail announced a £100 million redevelopment of the station, with two unused platforms to be opened up.

Nullarbor Plain

Nullarbor Plain (Latin: "nullus", "no", and "arbor", "tree") is an area of flat, dry land in southern Australia on the coastline of the Great Australian Bight.

It is the world's largest single piece of limestone, and occupies an area of about . At its widest point, it stretches about from east to west between South Australia (SA) and Western Australia (WA). 

As to what causes these huge and distinctive limestone areas, no-one knows. Perhaps it is significant that one of the best-known area, the Yukatan, was in or near a hit by a huge meteorite. As much as 50% of the world's hydrocarbon reserves are in carbonate rock, and much of this is in porous karst systems.



André Franquin

André Franquin (3 January 1924 – 5 January 1997) was a Belgian comics artist. His best known comic strip creations are "Gaston" and "Marsupilami". He made these when he worked on the "Spirou et Fantasio" comic strip from 1947 to 1969. This time is seen by many as the series' golden age.


Edgar P. Jacobs

Edgard Félix Pierre Jacobs (30 March 1904 – 20 February 1987), better known under his pen name Edgar P. Jacobs, was a Belgian comic book writer and artist. Jacobs was one of the founding fathers of the European comics movement. He worked with Hergé on the graphic novel series that made him famous, "Blake and Mortimer".

Edgar Pierre Jacobs was born in Brussels in 1904. In 1919 he graduated from school. He took on odd jobs at the opera, including decoration, scenography, and painting. Sometimes he worked as an extra. In 1929 he received the annual Belgian government medal for excellence in classical singing.

In 1940 Jacobs turned permanently to illustration. He drew commercial illustrations and collaborated in the "Bravo" review until 1946.

The American comic strip "Flash Gordon" was not allowed in Belgium by the German forces during World War II. He was asked to write an end to the comic. But German censorship stopped this after only a couple of weeks. Jacobs then published in "Bravo" his first comic strip, "Le Rayon U" ("The U Ray"). This was in the same "Flash Gordon" style.

Around this time, he became a stage painter for a theatre adaptation for Hergé's "Cigars of the Pharaoh". This led to friendship with Hergé. As a direct result, he helped Hergé in colorizing the black and white strips of "The Shooting Star" to be ready for book publication in 1942. From 1944 on he helped in the recasting of his earlier albums "Tintin in the Congo", "Tintin in America", "King Ottokar's Sceptre" and "The Blue Lotus" for color book publication. After the project, he continued to contribute directly in the drawing as well as the storyline for the new Tintin double-albums "The Seven Crystal Balls"/"Prisoners of the Sun".

Jacobs, as a fan of opera, decided to take Hergé with him to a concert. Hergé did not like opera, however, and for decades he would gently joke with his friend Jacobs through opera singer Bianca Castafiore, a supporting character in "The Adventures of Tintin". Hergé also gave him tiny cameo roles in "Tintin" adventures, sometimes under the name Jacobini.

In 1946, he was part of the team gathered by Raymond Leblanc around the new comics magazine "Le Journal de Tintin". His story "Le secret de l’Espadon" ("The Secret of the Swordfish") was published on September 26. This was the first of the "Blake and Mortimer" series.




Yves Lambert

Yves Lambert (born 4 June 1936 in Nancy) is a French aerospace engineer. He was head of Eurocontrol from 1994 to 2000.

He was a graduate of the "École Polytechnique" (1956) and the French Civil Aviation University (1959). Lambert has had a career in civil aviation in Algeria and at the International Civil Aviation Organization. He returned to France to be an air navigation director until 1993.

In 1994, he was nominated head of Eurocontrol. He had this position until 2000.

Yves Lambert is member of the "Académie de l'air et de l'espace" and the Royal Aeronautical Society.



Nintendo 3DS system software

Nintendo 3DS system software is software on the Nintendo 3DS video game console that can be updated. These updates, which are downloaded through the system's Internet connection, lets Nintendo add and take away features and software. Updates also have changes from previous versions. The newest version of the system software, 11.15.0-47, was released on July 26, 2021.

The Home Menu is a GUI like the Wii's "Wii Menu" and the DSi's "DSi Menu" which lets you use applications from Nintendo game cards, 3DS applications, or DSiWare applications. The menu has space to show 60 applications, though 120 spaces, for one application each, will show when space starts to run out. On the top screen, the menu shows information such as signal strength, step count, date, time, and battery life. With the home button, the user can go to the HOME menu, except for DS games or DSiWare, which won't let the player go there without quitting the game. From the home screen, the user can manage notes, check friend lists, change the level of light, check notifications, and if updated to the latest version, browse the internet, all without closing the current application. At the home menu, the user can also take photos with the 3D cameras by pressing the L or R buttons. To open another application, the one the player is using must be closed first. Like the DSi, game cards can be swapped while in the menu.

All the following applications come with the latest version of the firmware, with the system:


All the following applications let you do something else while they are open:


All the following applications need to be downloaded from the Nintendo eShop first:


The following is a list of all the versions of Nintendo 3DS firmware.

a This update came with the specified games and has a regular last number (0, 1, 2, 3...)

b Nintendo 3DS owners who performed the 2.1.0-4 system update prior to 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on Aug. 18, 2011, were automatically registered for the program.

Willy Vandersteen

Willy Vandersteen (15 February 1913 – 28 August 1990) was a Belgian maker of comic books. In his life, he made a large studio and published more than 1,000 comic albums in over 25 series. He sold more than 200 million copies worldwide.

He is considered together with Marc Sleen the founding father of Flemish comics. He is mainly popular in Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany. Hergé called him "The Brueghel of the comic strip". The creation of his own studio and the mass production and commercialization of his work turned him into "the Walt Disney of the Low Countries".

Vandersteen is best known for "Suske en Wiske" (published in English as "Spike and Suzy", "Luke and Lucy", "Willy and Wanda" or "Bob and Bobette"). In 2008 it sold 3.5 million books. His other major series are "De Rode Ridder" with over 200 albums and "Bessy" with almost 1,000 albums published in Germany.


According to UNESCO's Index Translationum, Vandersteen is the second most often translated Dutch language author, after Anne Frank.

Dardenne brothers

Brothers Jean-Pierre Dardenne (born 21 April 1951 in Liège, Belgium) and Luc Dardenne (born 10 March 1954 in Liège, Belgium) are a Belgian movie making duo. They write, produce and direct their movies together.

The Dardennes began making narrative and documentary movies in the late 1970s. They first came to international attention in the mid-1990s with "La Promesse" ("The Promise"). They won their first major international movie prize when "Rosetta" won the Palme d'Or at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival. All their movies since have played at the Cannes main competition and won one of the major prizes. They have won more awards than any other movie makers in the history of the Cannes Film Festival. 

In 2005, they won the Palme d'Or a second time for their movie "L’Enfant" ("The Child"). This put them in an elite group of only 7 with the likes of Francis Ford Coppola. 

Jean-Pierre is the jury president for the Cinéfoundation and Short Films sections of the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.




Sarah Hyland

Sarah Jane Hyland (born November 24 1990 in New York City) is an American television actress. She appears on the ABC sitcom "Modern Family".

Hyland is the daughter of actors Melissa Canardo and Edward James Hyland. She is also the sister of actor Ian Hyland.

Hyland has been acting since she was five years old. Her first role was as Howard Stern's daughter in "Private Parts".

In 2017, Hyland began a relationship with Wells Adams, a radio personality and former contestant on "The Bachelorette" and "Bachelor in Paradise". In July 2019, the couple became engaged.

Ghent Altarpiece

The Ghent Altarpiece or Adoration of the Mystic Lamb ( or "The Lamb of God"; completed 1432) is a very large and complex Early Flemish polyptych panel painting. It is one of Belgium's masterpieces and one of the world's treasures.

It was once in the "Joost Vijdt" chapel at Saint Bavo Cathedral, Ghent, Belgium. Later it was moved to the chapel of the cathedral. It was commissioned by the rich merchant and financier Joost Vijdt for his and his wife's private chapel. It was begun by Hubert van Eyck, who died in 1426 while work was underway. It was completed by his younger brother Jan van Eyck. 

The altarpiece has a total of 24 framed panels. They make up two views, open and closed. The upper row of the opened view shows Christ the King between the Virgin Mary and John the Baptist. The insides of the wings show angels singing and making music. On the outside is Adam and Eve. The lower row of the central panel shows the adoration of the Lamb of God. Several groups are in attendance and streaming in to worship, overseen by the dove who is the Holy Spirit. On weekdays the wings were closed. This showed the Annunciation of Mary and donor portraits of Joost Vijdt and his wife Lysbette Borluut.

There used to be writing on the frame saying that Hubert van Eyck "greater than anyone" started the altarpiece, but that Jan van Eyck - calling himself "second best in the art" - finished it in 1432. The original, very ornate carved outer frame and surround was destroyed during the Reformation. There has been speculation that it may have had clockwork mechanisms for moving the shutters and even playing music.

The original lower left panel known as The Just Judges was stolen in 1934. The original panel has never been found. It was replaced by a copy made in 1945 by Jef Vanderveken. The stolen panel plays a big part in Albert Camus' novel "La chute". In 2010 Dutch journalist Karl Hammer published "The secret of the sacred panel". He describes the involvement of various religious groups, the Vatican and British intelligence services in their attempt to get back the lost panel.

When opened, the altarpiece measures .

Horta Museum

The Horta Museum is a museum dedicated to the life and work of the Belgian Art Nouveau architect Victor Horta and his time. The museum is in Horta's former house in the Brussels municipality of Saint-Gilles. There is a permanent display of furniture, utensils and art objects made by Horta and his contemporaries. There are also documents related to his life and time. The museum organises temporary exhibitions on topics related to Horta and his art. The building is on the UNESCO World Heritage List.


Saint-Gilles, Belgium

Saint-Gilles (in French) or Sint-Gillis (in Dutch) is one of the nineteen municipalities in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium.

In 1830, Brussels became the capital of newly founded Belgium. As a result, the rural village of Saint-Gilles went through a big growth. The population went from 2,500 around 1800 to more than 33,000 in 1880 to a peak of 60,000 in 1910.

The pattern of the streets was completely remodeled in the 1860s by architect and urbanist Victor Besme. These were the years when the Louise Avenue, the Brussels-South railway station, and the new Saint Giles church were built. They were soon followed by the new jail and city hall. Today, Saint-Gilles is one of the densest municipalities of the Brussels agglomeration.


The local council usually has a socialist majority. The mayor as of 2012 is Charles Picqué. He is also Minister-President of the Brussels-Capital Region.

Saint-Gilles hosts:


Saint Gilles has a football club called Royal Union Saint Gilloise. They were successful until the 1930s.

Moules-frites

Moules-frites is a popular dish with mussels and French fries. It is mostly eaten in Belgium, and northern France.

"Moules" means mussels and "frites" means fries in French.


Praline

Praline is a confection made from nuts and sugar syrup. They may be in whole pieces or a ground powder. The powder is called "pralin". Belgian pralines are different. They have a hard chocolate shell with a softer, sometimes liquid, filling. French pralines are a combination of almonds and caramelized sugar. American pralines have milk or cream. They are therefore softer and creamier, like fudge.

Côte d'Or (brand)

Côte d'Or is a producer of Belgian chocolate, owned by Kraft Foods.

Côte d'Or was founded in 1883 by Charles Neuhaus. He was a chocolate manufacturer who used the name Côte d'Or which was French for Gold Coast. This is the old name of Ghana where most of the cacao beans used in chocolate manufacturing come from.

Côte d'Or was purchased by Jacobs Suchard in 1987. Jacobs Suchard in turn was purchased by Kraft General Foods in 1990.

Belgians eat 600 million Côte d'Or products a year. Every day, the Côte d'Or factory in Halle makes 1.3 million mignonnettes (small chocolate bars), and 2 million Chokotoffs (chocolate bonbons).

Currently Côte d’Or is sold in more than 20 countries, across 5 continents.


Guylian

Guylian () is a Belgian chocolate manufacturer founded by Guy Foubert in 1960. The company takes its name from the combination of Foubert's first name (Guy) with that of his wife, Liliane. Guylian is perhaps most famous for their chocolate Sea Shells praline with different fillings. Guylian has been the major sponsor of Project Seahorse since 1999.

In 2008 Lotte Confectionery from South Korea bought the company for $164 mln.

A seahorse is used as the company's icon. It is worldwide protected by copyright. Its tail curls the other way around than real seahorses.

Guylian sells pralines in gift boxes, individually wrapped chocolates, chocolate bars, chocolate truffles and napolitains. Guylian is best known for its chocolate Sea Shells. Besides the original Guylian hazelnut praline, created by Guy Foubert in the 1960s, there are now other flavours available.

In March 2005, Guylian made a Guinness World Record. They built the world's largest chocolate sculpture of an Easter egg. This was on the market square in Sint-Niklaas (Belgium). 26 Guylian master chocolatiers worked continuously for eight days to make this giant chocolate egg. The sculpture measured 8.32 meters high and 6.39 meters wide. It was made using 1,950 kilos of chocolate or about 50,000 chocolate Sea Shell Bars.


Neuhaus (chocolatier)

Neuhaus is a company that makes luxury Belgian chocolates, biscuits and ice cream. The company was founded in Brussels in 1857 by Jean Neuhaus. Neuhaus was a Swiss immigrant who opened the first store in the Galeries Royales Saint-Hubert. In 1912, his grandson, Jean Neuhaus II, invented the chocolate bonbon or "praline".

Today, Neuhaus has over 1,500 selling points in 50 countries. All Neuhaus products are still made in Vlezenbeek (Flemish Brabant). They are exported worldwide. In 2000, the company was named Accredited Supplier to the Belgian Crown.


Leonidas (chocolate maker)

Leonidas Confiserie SA is a chocolate maker with an international presence, based in Belgium. Leonidas has over 1400 retail stores all over the world. The company's focus is pralines (chocolate shells with soft fillings, called "Belgian Chocolate" in English-speaking countries). It also sells marzipan, solid chocolates, and other confections. 

The company is named after its Greek founder, Leonidas Kestekides. He was a confectioner who moved from Anatolia to the United States in the late 19th century. The logo used on Leonidas chocolates shows a picture of the Greek warrior Leonidas, King of Sparta.


Beijing National Stadium

Beijing National Stadium is a stadium in Beijing, China. It is officially called the National Stadium and also known as the Bird's Nest (鸟巢). The stadium was build to be the main venue during the 2008 Summer Olympics and Paralympics.

The stadium cost US$423 million. A shopping mall and a hotel are planned to be built. This will increase use of the stadium. There was trouble attracting events, football and otherwise, after the Olympics.
The eastern and western stands of Beijing National Stadium are higher than northern and southern stands. This is in order to improve sightlines. A 24-hour per day rainwater collector is near the stadium. After water is purified, it is used throughout and around the stadium. Pipes were placed under the playing surface to gather heat in the winter to warm the stadium and coldness in the summer to cool the stadium. The stadium's design originally could fit until 100,000 people in their maximum capacity.During the bulding phase, near 9,000 seats were removed from the design due the security and logistics factors. After the 2008 Summer Olympics,a near batch of another 11.000 temporary seats were removed. Now the stadium can support a maximum public of 80.000 people.

The stadium hosted the 2009 Race of Champions. In July 2010, the stadium hosted a friendly football match between Premier League team Birmingham City and Beijing Guoan. In August 2011, the Bird's Nest hosted the Supercoppa Italiana. This was the stadium's second in three years.

The 2015 World Championships in Athletics took place at the Beijing National Stadium. The venue was the first Summer and Winter Olympics main venue as also hosted the Opening and Closing ceremonies during the 2022 Winter Olympics and 2022 Winter Paralympics also held in Beijing.

Jigging

Jigging is a method of fishing. It is well known in Japan, especially in Okinawa, the United States, and Canada. This way of fishing need a unique fishing lure called a jig. The hook does not hang bait. It consists of a model that resembles an injured fish. The model will lure big fish. On the fishing boat, fishermen jerk the fishing line regularly. The hook moves vertically. Because this is a fairly new method of fishing, jigging equipment is limited. But, universal fishing equipment can be used to jig, as well.

White Mountain School

The White Mountain School (also called just White Mountain or WMS) is an independent school in Bethlehem, New Hampshire, USA. In 1886, the school was an all-girls school called St. Mary's School. On January 3, 1964, the school's main building was burned down, so the administration decided to rebuild the school. Six years later, in 1970, the school started to accept male students. In 1971, the school was renamed White Mountain School.

The school has students in four grades: 9 through 12. These are the high school grades. The school has about 100 students, 55 males and 45 females. There are nearly 20 international students, 15 of which are Chinese. Most of students come from 25 states and a dozen countries. Half of the students receive financial aid given by the school.

The school has 250 acres of land between the towns of Bethlehem and Littleton. The campus has a main building, four dormitories, a building for science and math classes, a gym with cardio machines and weight-lifting equipment, an indoor rock climbing wall, a theater, squash courts and faculty housing.

Beijing National Day School

Beijing National Day School (BNDS) is a national middle school in Beijing, China. It was established by the Central Military Committee in 1952. Revolutionaries of the committee, Zhou Enlai and Luo Ronghuan, wanted to form a school that provided a higher quality of education for young people. The result of their dreams was Beijing National Day School, named by Marshal Nie Rong Zhen as a tribute to the National Day of China. 

Covering , the school currently offers education to over 5,000 Chinese students in 100 classes from grades 7 to 12. Beijing National Day School is also authorized to enroll international students by the Beijing Municipal Education Committee, and so far has international students from different countries of the world including the Germany, South Korea, Japan, Mongolia, Hong Kong and the United States.

The Shard

The Shard (also referred to as the Shard of Glass, Shard London Bridge or the London Bridge Tower) is a high-rise building in Southwark, London. The Shard was built in July 2012. It is 310 metres (1,016 ft) high. It was the tallest building in the European Union until late 2020, and 96th tallest in the world. It is also the second-tallest free-standing structure in the United Kingdom, after the 330-metre (1,083 ft) concrete tower at the Emley Moor transmitting station.

The Shard replaced Southwark Towers, a 24-storey office building built on the site in 1975. Renzo Piano was the Shard's architect. Piano is best known for creating Paris’s Pompidou Centre in cooperation with Britain’s Richard Rogers. Piano worked with the architectural firm Broadway Malyan during the planning stage. The tower has 72 floors that can be used for offices, with a viewing gallery and open-air observation deck – the UK's highest – on the 72nd floor, at a height of 245 metres (804 ft). The Shard was designed with an irregular pyramidal shape from the bottom to the top, and is covered entirely in glass. Its structure was completed in April 2012. It opened to the public on 5 July 2012. 

The Shard was designed in 2000. That year, the London-based entrepreneur Irvine Sellar decided to redevelop Southwark Towers, a 1970s office block next to London Bridge station, and flew to Berlin in March 2000 to meet Piano for lunch. According to Sellar, the architect spoke of his contempt for tall buildings during the meal, before flipping over the restaurant’s menu and sketching an iceberg-like sculpture emerging from the River Thames. He got his ideas from the railway lines next to the site, the London spires in the paintings of 18th-century Venetian painter Canaletto, and the masts of sailing ships.

In April 2008, demolition of Southwark Towers was going on. Scaffolding and white sheeting covered the building. By October, Southwark Towers was much shorter and was no longer visible on the skyline. The building's demolition was completed in early 2009, and site preparation began for the construction of the Shard.

Each floor of The Shard is used for a particular purpose. The majority of the building is used for accommodation and for offices. On the higher floors, they are reserved specifically for the purposes of taking views of the entire city, which takes advantage of how significantly tall the building is.

"Source: Shard London Bridge brochure, 2010"


07-Ghost

07 ghost is a manga which happened in a fictional world. It is created and illustrated by Yuki Amemiya and Yukino Ichihara. As of March 2012, thirteen bound volumes have been released by the publisher. "07 ghost" was also made into both a drama and television anime in April 2009. "07 ghost" is set in a world where everything is different. Different schools, different churches, different beliefs, with magic.

07-Ghost won a double-first prize in the 3rd Zero-Sum Comics Grand-Prix. This means it was chosen for first place by both readers and editors, which is very rare.

Teito Klein is a slave who was captured from Raggs Kingdom. Now he is an excellent student in the Barsburg Empire's military academy. The school teaches students to use Zaiphon, a power like a kind of magic.
He has a best friend in this school, Mikage. Mikage is Teito's only friend. They swear that no matter what happened, they will never give up each other, and be best friends forever.

One day Teito finds that Chief of Staff Ayanami killed his father, the king of the Raggs Kingdom. He wants to kill Ayanami and get revenge for his father. But Ayanami is very strong, so Teito is put in prison. And Mikage find that soon. He wants to save his best friend's life, so he helps Teito run away. To protect Mikage, Teito says that he hijacked Mikage as a hostage. He escapes but his flying machine is shot up by Ayanami. Three bishops of 7th District's church save him and hide him in the church. Teito found that he brings the Eye of Mikhail, which is a powerful gem. Ayanami wants that and tries to carry Teito. So Teito and three bishops who are the members of 7 ghost begin to fight for peace and justice. 7 ghost was the patron saint of this world.
And Teito needs to find the truth of the battles of Raggs Kingdom and Barsburg Empire.


Wellesley College

Wellesley College is an all-female school in Wellesley, Massachusetts, United States. The original name of the college was the Wellesley Female Seminary. The school was started by Mr. Durant and his wife. They started the college on March 17, 1870. It is in a village about 13 miles from Boston. Wellesley College has only female students. The school has many old buildings and beautiful views.

Women who were studies here are:
Women who were teachers or worked here are:

Iraq national under-23 football team

The Iraq national under-23 football team are a team who play association football for Iraq at the under-23 level. They play their matches in Iraq at various grounds. They were one of the first teams to qualify for the AFC U-22 Asian Cup during the 2013 version.


Since 1992, the Olympic team has been drawn from a squad with a maximum of three players over 23 years of age, and the achievements of this team are not generally regarded as part of the national team's records, nor are the statistics credited to the players' international records.

Saudi Arabia national under-23 football team

The Saudi Arabia national under-23 football team are a team who play association football for Saudi Arabia at the under-23 level. They play their matches in Saudi Arabia at various grounds. They were one of the first teams to qualify for the AFC U-22 Asian Cup during the 2013 version.


2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship

"Belarus, Iceland and Denmark played on a three-way tie to find the one team who will qualify. Belarus won, and they qualified."

President of the German Bundestag

The President of the German Bundestag (German: "Präsident des Deutschen Bundestages" or "Bundestagspräsident") is the person that is in charge of the meetings of the German Bundestag, the parliament of Germany, whos duties is similar to a speaker. In the German order of precedence, the office is ranked second after the President and before the Chancellor.

The President of the Bundestag is elected by all members in the Bundestag, during a special time of the election period. The President has to be a member of the Bundestag. Until the election is over, the Father of the House is in charge of the Bundestag.

Usually, the President is part of the largest political party. The President can be reelected, but again he must be a member of the Bundestag again. The President also always has a Vice President (German: "Vizepräsident des Deutschen Bundestages" or "Bundestagsvizepräsident").

The Presidents most important duty is to take charge of the meetings of the Bundestag. He decides the order of speakers and opens and closes the debates, and makes sure the meetings take place properly. If a big disruption happens, he has the power to not allow a certain member from meetings for up to 30 days.

Political parties

Flowton

Flowton is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 103 people living in Flowton. It has a church called St Mary.

Akenham

Akenham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 53 people living in Akenham. It has a church called St Mary.

Henley

Henley is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 546 people living in Henley.

Bramford

Bramford is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 2386 people living in Bramford.

Ashbocking

Ashbocking is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 318 people living in Ashbocking.

Great Blakenham

Great Blakenham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1083 people living in Great Blakenham.

Claydon

Claydon is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1912 people living in Claydon.

Augeias of Elis

King Augeias of Elis is a character in Greek mythology. He was the son of Helios (the sun-god) and Iphiboë or Naupiadame, the daughter of Amphidamas. Some say his father was Poseidon. He was rich and happy because he had huge herds of cattle. His son was Phyleos. He is famous for his dirty cattle stables. Cleaning these stables was one of the Labors of Herakles. Augeias did not respect his part of the bargain made with Herakles in the cleaning of the stables. Herakles took him to court. Augeias's son testified against his father. Augeias drove both his son and Herakles out of the land. Herakles later came back to make war on Augeias. The hero would found the sanctuary of Olympia and the Olympic Games near Elis.

Somersham

Somersham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 713 people living in Somersham.

Felsham

Felsham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 417 people living in Felsham.

Great Finborough

Great Finborough is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 755 people living in Great Finborough.

Great Livermere

Great Livermere is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 220 people living in Great Livermere.

Shotley Gate

Shotley Gate is a settlement in Suffolk, England. It has a pub called Bristol Arms.

Fornham All Saints

Fornham All Saints is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1137 people living in Fornham All Saints.

Great Bricett

Great Bricett is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1193 people living in Great Bricett.

Lidgate

Lidgate is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 191 people living in Lidgate.

Stradishall

Stradishall is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 442 people living in Stradishall.

Elveden

Elveden is a village and civil parish in Forest Heath, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 248 people living in Elveden.

Westley

Westley is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 189 people living in Westley.

Kedington

Kedington is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 1815 people living in Kedington.

Cretingham

Cretingham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 193 people living in Cretingham.

Mickfield

Mickfield is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 188 people living in Mickfield.

Natland

Natland is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 747 people living in Natland. It has a church called St Mark's Church.

Arnside

Arnside is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 2301 people living in Arnside.

Beetham

Beetham is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1724 people living in Beetham.

Milnthorpe

Milnthorpe is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 2106 people living in Milnthorpe.

Burton-in-Kendal

Burton-in-Kendal is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1411 people living in Burton-in-Kendal.

Ambleside

Ambleside is a town in Cumbria, England. It has a church called St Mary's Church.

Sedbergh

Sedbergh is a town and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 2705 people living in Sedbergh.

Killington

Killington is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 152 people living in Killington.

Middleton, Cumbria

Middleton is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 109 people living in Middleton.

Hutton Roof

Hutton Roof is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 193 people living in Hutton Roof.

Multi-crew cooperation

The multi-crew cooperation (MCC) certificate is required for airplane pilots to fly multi-crew aircraft. It is a must for pilots applying for a multi pilot type rating and can be done separately or together.

Burgh by Sands

Burgh by Sands is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1143 people living in Burgh by Sands.

Crotalus

Crotalus is a genus of venomous pit vipers found only in the Americas from southern Canada to northern Argentina. The name comes from the Greek word krotalon, which means "rattle", referring to the rattle on the end of the tail. There are currently 29 species recognized.

Members of this genus range in size from only 50–60 cm to over 150 cm. Adult males are slightly larger than females. Compared to most snakes they are heavy-bodied, although some African vipers are much thicker. They are recognized by the rattle on their tail though some species do not have tails.

Small species eat mainly lizards, while larger species first eat lizards when young, then start eating mammals when they become adults, like rabbits, squirrels, chipmunks, gophers, rats and mice, some also eat birds, other snakes and amphibians.

Humans are a threat to "Crotalus", but other snakes like the Kingsnake, the Coachwhip, the Indigo Snake and the Racer are also threats. Birds like the hawk, the eagle, the owl, the raven and the roadrunner, and mammals like the coyote, the fox, the wildcat, the badger and the skunk are also threats

Almost all "Crotalus" venoms are hemotoxic, meaning that the venom destroys red blood cells, stops blood clotting,and damages tissue. Hemotoxic is very painful, and people who are bitten by a snake with hemotoxic don't always make a full recovery. Some species like Crotalus Scutalatus and Crotalus Tigris have a nuerotoxic venom, while neurotoxins are less painful they kill more quicker. Neurotoxins are also found in the venom of Cobras and mambas. The eastern diamondback rattlesnake (Crotalus Adamanteus) in some parts of its range may have a nuerotoxin in their venom as well as a hemotoxins.


Rockcliffe

Rockcliffe is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 733 people living in Rockcliffe.

Beaumont, Cumbria

Beaumont is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 447 people living in Beaumont.

Cummersdale

Cummersdale is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 486 people living in Cummersdale.

Walton

Walton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 278 people living in Walton.

Newbourne

Newbourne is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 267 people living in Newbourne.

List of Kyoto Sanga FC players

The List of Kyoto Sanga F.C. is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Kyoto Sanga F.C. is a Japanese professional football club in Gifu Prefecture.



Bucklesham

Bucklesham is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 542 people living in Bucklesham.

Playford

Playford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 204 people living in Playford.

Poslingford

Poslingford is a village and civil parish in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 183 people living in Poslingford.

Stapleford Tawney

Stapleford Tawney is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 103 people living in Stapleford Tawney.

High Ongar

High Ongar is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1171 people living in High Ongar.

North Weald Bassett

North Weald Bassett is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 6039 people living in North Weald Bassett.

Bobbingworth

Bobbingworth is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 279 people living in Bobbingworth.

Epping Upland

Epping Upland is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 790 people living in Epping Upland.

Fyfield

Fyfield is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 737 people living in Fyfield.

Hurricane Tomas

Hurricane Tomas was the nineteenth storm and twelfth hurricane of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season. Winds peaked at 100 mph. Tomas cut across the Eastern Caribbean and took 65 lives (mostly across Cuba and Hispaniola). The damage totaled $652 million. The name Tomas was then retired and replaced with Tobias, which will be used during 2016 season.

List of The Ren &amp; Stimpy Show episodes

This is a list of episodes of the animated series "The Ren & Stimpy Show". It was first on Nickelodeon on August 11, 1991. It went for five seasons for 52 episodes.

In 1995, "The Ren & Stimpy Show" was cancelled by Nickelodeon, its creator, John Kricfalusi, made a new series about the characters. It was called "Ren & Stimpy "Adult Party Cartoon"". It was for a more adult audience.

Chippenham railway station

Chippenham railway station is a main train station in Chippenham, Wiltshire, South West England.

The station has trains to , Didcot, and London; and trains to Bristol, Bath and Wales. These trains are every half an hour in both directions, and, there are also trains to stations further away.

There are also trains to Trowbridge, Melksham and Westbury. These trains go to Southampton Central around Westbury and Salisbury. Trains in the other direction start from Westbury, services to Southampton come from Great Malvern or from Cheltenham Spa. There is a train to Cheltenham Spa which goes around Swindon and Gloucester in the morning and late afternoon. There are also two Saturday trains each way (but at different times to the weekday ones) and a single train each way on Sundays.

In 2010, Go-Op wanted to run trains from Birmingham Moor Street, around Oxford and Swindon, to Yeovil, which would call at Chippenham. They wanted to start running trains in December 2011, but they have not started yet.

There are plans to electrify the line Chippenham's on, which would bring faster and bigger 'Super Express' trains on the line. This would make the journey shorter.

A new bridge and lifts were installed in November 2014.

In 2004, the station was given an award to show how safe the station was. The award, which was for 2 years, was given to the station as a passenger vote said that 98% of the passengers who went from Chippenham said they felt 'safe' or 'very safe' whilst at the station. The station has 24 hour CCTV and is alarmed. 

List of football clubs in India

The List of Indian football teams is evolving. The list is changing as the popularity of Association football (soccer) grows in India. 

The Indian Football Association (IFA) was established in Calcutta in 1893. 

The National Football League was established in 1996 by the All India Football Federation.

The I-League was founded in 2006. The I-League has 14 clubs.

The I-League 2nd Division has 21 clubs.



Raja Pervaiz Ashraf

Raja Pervaiz Ashraf (; born 26 December, 1950 in Sanghar) is 21st and current Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan since 16 April 2022. He also served as the 19th Prime Minister of Pakistan. He took charge of office on 22 June 2012 after disqualification of 18th prime minister, Yousaf Raza Gillani. He belongs to the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) and has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.

Pune FC

Pune F.C. is an Indian football club at Pune in the state of Maharashtra.

Pune is one of the teams which compete in the I-League.

The club was founded in 2007. The team was created to integrate "the community through sport". The team owners brought together a passion for sports and improving the quality of life of the communities we serve.

In the 2009-10 season, Pune was elevated to the first division of the Indian Football League.
In 2011, Pune became the first Indian team to play an English Premier League team at home. Blackburn Rovers F.C. played at Pune on 7th October, 2011.



List of Pune FC players

The List of Pune F.C. players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Pune F.C. is an Indian football club at Pune in the state of Maharashtra.


There are 26 men on the 2012 team.







Derek Jacobi

Sir Derek George Jacobi CBE (born 22 October 1938) is a British actor.

Jacobi was born in Leytonstone, London. He graduated from St John's College, Cambridge with a Master of Arts. 

Jacobi is openly gay and lives in Primrose Hill, London with his civil partner.

Paresh Shivalkar

Paresh Shivalkar (born 13 July 1981) is an Indian professional athlete. He is best known as an association football or soccer player. 

In 2008-2010, he played for Mahendra United.

In 2011-2012, he played for Pune F.C..


Typhoon Ike

Typhoon Ike was an incredibly damaging, deadly and catastropic super typhoon that caused in excess of 1400 lives lost and extreme damage. This typhoon crossed over the Philippines and eastern China in late August/early September 1984. The storm carried winds matching Category 4 hurricane level. The name Ike was then retired from use because of its impact over the area.

Jo-Wilfried Tsonga

Jo-Wilfried Tsonga (born 17 April 1985) is a French tennis player. He is ranked number 13 in the world rankings. He is the number one tennis player in France. He was born in Le Mans. His mother is French and his father is Congolese.

Tsonga was made famous by his performance in the 2008 Australian Open. For, as an unseeded player, he reached the singles final. Tsonga reached the semi-final at the 2010 Australian Open and at Wimbledon in 2011 and 2012.

This table shows Tsonga's performance in each Grand Slam tournament in singles.

List of Oita Trinita players

List of Oita Trinita players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Oita Trinita is a Japanese professional football club in Ōita on the island of Kyushu.




Othallo Tabia

Othallo Tabia is an Indian professional athlete. He is best known as an Association football or soccer player. 

In the 2011-2012 season, Tabia joined the Pune F.C. team.


Difference quotient

The difference quotient is a formula that finds the average rate of change of any function between two points. In calculus, the difference quotient is the formula used for finding the derivative, which is the limit of the difference quotient between two points as they get closer and closer to each other (this limit is also the rate of change of a function at a single point). The difference quotient was formulated by Isaac Newton.

The difference quotient can be described as the formula for finding the slope of a line that touches a curve at only two points (this line is called the secant line). If we are trying to find the slope of a perfectly straight line, then we use the slope formula, which is simply the change in "y" divided by the change in "x". This is very accurate, but only for straight lines. The difference quotient, however, allows one to find the slope of any line or curve at any single point. The difference quotient, as well as the slope formula, is merely the change in "y" divided by the change in "x". The only difference is that in the slope formula, "y" is used as the y-axis, but in the difference quotient, the change in the "y"-axis is described by f(x). (For a detailed description, see the following section.)

The difference quotient is the slope of the secant line between two points.
If one uses the notation formula_2, then this becomes formula_3.

The difference quotient can be used to find the slope of a curve, as well as the slope of a straight line. After we find the difference quotient of a function and take the limit as two points get closer and closer to each other, we have a new function, called the derivative. To find the slope of the curve or line, we input the value of "x" to get the slope. The process of finding the derivative via the difference quotient is called differentiation.

The derivative has many real life applications. One application of the derivative is listed below.

In physics, the instantaneous velocity of an object (the velocity at an instance in time) is defined as the derivative of the position of the object (as function of time). For example, if an object's position is given by x(t)=-16t+16t+32, then the object's velocity is v(t)=-32t+16. To find the instantaneous acceleration, one simply takes the derivative of the instantaneous velocity function. For example, in the above function, the acceleration function is a(t) = -32. 


Arata Izumi

After graduating from high school in Japan, he joined Albirex Niigata FC (Singapore) of Singapore's S.League.

He played in Japan Football League for one season; and then he began playing in India.

In India, he plays attacking midfielder.


23 (Bushido &amp; Sido album)

23 is a collection of Bushido and Sido songs which was released on October 14, 2011 in three versions: Standard, Premium and Deluxe. The album reached number 1 in the German Amazon music charts and hip-hop charts. 


Peter Higgs

Peter Ware Higgs CH FRS FRSE (born Newcastle upon Tyne, 29 May 1929) is an English theoretical physicist, and emeritus professor at the University of Edinburgh.
He was awarded the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physics for predicting the existence of the Higgs boson, the "most sought-after particle in modern physics". Higgs shared the prize with François Englert. Higgs was appointed to the Order of the Companions of Honour in 2013.

In the 1960s, he proposed broken symmetry in electroweak theory. This explains the origin of mass of elementary particles in general. It also shows the origin of the W and Z bosons. The theory known as Higgs mechanism was proposed by several physicists at the same time. It proposes the existence of a new particle, the Higgs boson. On 4 July 2012, CERN announced they had found a new particle much like the Higgs boson in experiments, but that more work was necessary to analyse its properties and see if it had the properties expected from the Standard Model Higgs boson.

The Higgs mechanism is generally accepted as an important part of the Standard Model of particle physics, without which particles would have no mass.

Higgs has received a number of awards. These include the 1997 Dirac Medal and Prize for outstanding contributions to theoretical physics, the 2004 Wolf Prize in Physics, and the 2010 Sakurai Prize.

Roadrunner

The roadrunner ("Geococcyx") is a fast-running bird. The roadrunner is also called the "chaparral bird" and the "chaparral cock".

The roadrunners are a genus of ground cuckoos. The two species of roadrunners are the greater roadrunner and the lesser roadrunner. The greater roadrunner, ("Geococcyx californianus") lives in Mexico and the southwestern U.S.A. The lesser roadrunner, ("Geococcyx velox") lives in Mexico and Central America.

The roadrunner is a large, slender, black-brown and white streaked ground bird which has an average weight of 8 to 15 ounces, and is about 18 inches (46 cm) to 22 inches (56 cm) from tail to beak. It has long legs, strong feet, and a big dark beak. The roadrunner is terrestrial (lives on land). Even though it can fly, it spends most of its time on the ground. When they fly their wings are short and rounded and have a white crescent on the feathers. Roadrunners and other members of the cuckoo family have zygodactyl feet (two toes on the front and two toes on the back). Roadrunners can run up to the speed of 20 miles per hour (32 km per hour). They fly to escape predators.Some Roadrunner run til 26 miles per hour.

Roadrunners live in deserts of the southwestern U.S.A, Mexico and Central America.They also live in the sonoran desert

Roadrunners are omnivores, meaning they eat both meat and plants. They eat insects like grasshoppers, crickets, beetles, and caterpillars, small reptiles like lizards and snakes, rodents and other small mammals. They also eat tarantulas and other spiders, scorpions, centipedes, snails, small birds and eggs. The plants they eat are fruits and seeds like prickly pear cactus and sumac. Roadrunners search on the ground to find food. They usually run after their prey but also sometimes may leap to catch insects. Because of its fast speed, the roadrunner is one of the few animals that preys upon the rattlesnake.
The roadrunner is the only real predator of the tarantula hawk .

The nest of roadrunner is made up of mainly sticks and sometimes leaves, and snake skin. A nest usually contains 2-6 eggs which are white colored. Roadrunners have bi-parental care. Both parents take care of the nest and feed the hatchlings, but males take care of the nest at night and females at day. For the first 1 to 2 weeks after the young hatch, one parent always remains at the nest. After the hatchlings are 2 to 3 weeks old they leave and never return to the nest.

Pebmarsh

Pebmarsh is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 479 people living in Pebmarsh.

Liston

Liston is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001, there were 46 people living in Liston.

Borley

Borley is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 99 people living in Borley.

Great Yeldham

Great Yeldham is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1715 people living in Great Yeldham.

White Notley

White Notley is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 500 people living in White Notley.

Colne Engaine

Colne Engaine is a village and civil parish in Braintree, Essex, England. In 2001, there were 979 people living in Colne Engaine.

Stisted

Stisted is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 617 people living in Stisted.

Helions Bumpstead

Helions Bumpstead is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 473 people living in Helions Bumpstead.

Ridgewell

Ridgewell is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 503 people living in Ridgewell.

Belchamp Walter

Belchamp Walter is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 198 people living in Belchamp Walter.

Alphamstone

Alphamstone is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 177 people living in Alphamstone.

White Colne

White Colne is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 480 people living in White Colne.

Ashen

Ashen is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 315 people living in Ashen.

Castle Hedingham

Castle Hedingham is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1142 people living in Castle Hedingham.

Sible Hedingham

Sible Hedingham is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 3665 people living in Sible Hedingham.

Great Henny

Great Henny is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 126 people living in Great Henny.

Bardfield Saling

Bardfield Saling is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 179 people living in Bardfield Saling.

Black Notley

Black Notley is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1646 people living in Black Notley.

Gestingthorpe

Gestingthorpe is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 421 people living in Gestingthorpe.

Little Yeldham

Little Yeldham is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 326 people living in Little Yeldham.

Faulkbourne

Faulkbourne is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 101 people living in Faulkbourne.

Belchamp St. Paul

Belchamp St. Paul is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 331 people living in Belchamp St. Paul.

Birdbrook

Birdbrook is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 369 people living in Birdbrook.

Bradwell

Bradwell is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 512 people living in Bradwell.

Cressing

Cressing is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1538 people living in Cressing.

Fairstead

Fairstead is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 206 people living in Fairstead.

Great Saling

Great Saling is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 261 people living in Great Saling.

Little Maplestead

Little Maplestead is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 294 people living in Little Maplestead.

Middleton, Essex

Middleton is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 128 people living in Middleton.

Ovington

Ovington is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 54 people living in Ovington.

Pentlow

Pentlow is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 228 people living in Pentlow.

Rivenhall

Rivenhall is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 732 people living in Rivenhall.

Stambourne

Stambourne is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 401 people living in Stambourne.

Sturmer

Sturmer is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 464 people living in Sturmer.

Terling

Terling is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 774 people living in Terling.

Southminster

Southminster is a town and civil parish in Maldon district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 4021 people living in Southminster.

Tollesbury

Tollesbury is a village and civil parish in Maldon district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2680 people living in Tollesbury.

Tolleshunt Major

Tolleshunt Major is a village and civil parish in Maldon district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 631 people living in Tolleshunt Major.

German order of precedence

The German order of precedence is a hierarchy of the government officials in the Government of Germany. It is not official, but it is used.


Source: Order of precedence Website of the Federal Ministry of the Interior

Bow echo

Bow echo is a term for mesoscale convective system which is shaped like an archer's bow when shown on radar. Bow echoes are severe thunderstorms which carry straight line winds and are capable of creating extensive damage around the area affected. The term "bow echo" was first used right around 1978. Such storms often last around two to five hours.

BioWare

BioWare is a Canadian video game developer company that was started in 1995. The headquarters for BioWare is in Edmonton, Alberta. It was started by medical doctors Ray Muzyka, Greg Zeschuk, and Augustine Yip. The company currently has six studios: BioWare Edmonton, BioWare Montreal, BioWare Mythic, BioWare Austin, BioWare San Francisco, and BioWare Ireland. They were acquired by the American company Electronic Arts in 2008. They developed their first game "Shattered Steel" in 1996. The company is probably best known for the "Mass Effect" and "Dragon Age" video game series.




Gandhinagar

Gandhinagar is the capital city of Gujarat state in India. It is from the city of Ahmedabad and 464 km from Mumbai. In the year 1960, the Bombay state of India was divided into two states - Maharashtra and Gujarat. Bombay (now called Mumbai) became the capital city of Maharashtra. For Gujarat, new capital was needed. Gandhinagar was then made the capital of Gujarat. 

The famous Akshardham temple is in this city. This temple was attacked by two terrorist in the year 2002.

The city is divided into 30 sectors and Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation manages the civic infrastructure and administration of the city.

Ilyophis

Ilyophis is a genus of eels in the cutthroat eel family Synaphobranchidae.

It currently contains the following species:

Histiobranchus

Histiobranchus is a genus of eels in the family Synaphobranchidae. It currently contains the following species:

Gaza superba

Gaza superba is a species of deep sea sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.

The shell is 2,5 to 4 cm. in width and present a spire somewhat elavated. Apex open in adult. Umbilicus about 75% covered by callus. The color of the shelll is old ivory a Golden sheen. The early whorls faintly wine colored. The operculum is circular and yellow to brown colors

Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico.

Muddy sand bottom; from 380 to 925 m depth, mostly around 600 m depth.


Plekocheilus distortus

Plekocheilus distortus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amphibulimidae.
This species occurs in:


Nagpur

Nagpur is a city in state of Maharashtra in India. It is in the centre of India. In the Marathi language, "nag" means snake and "pur" means city. The city is called Nagpur because of the "Nag" river in this city which flows like a snake. It is the winter capital of Maharashtra. After Mumbai and Pune, Nagpur is the third largest city in Maharashtra. It is a very clean city. It was selected as the second greenest city of India.

Many oranges are grown in this city, so it is also called "Orange City".

Exeter St Davids railway station

Exeter St Davids railway station is the main train station in Exeter, England.

It is the second busiest station in Devon, with around 200,000 fewer customers each year than Plymouth. Passenger numbers increased by 30% between April 2002 and April 2007..

The station opened on 1 May 1844.

There are two ways from St Davids to London. The main line is the First Great Western service by the Bristol to Exeter line to Paddington station, but there is also a train by South Western Railway on the West of England Main Line to Waterloo. The station is one of the few that have trains to London going in other ways at both ends of the station. There are also trains by CrossCountry to Birmingham New Street, the North of England and Scotland.

Swindon railway station

Swindon railway station is a train station in Swindon, Wiltshire, South West England. It was opened on 17 December 1840 by the Great Western Railway.

The station has services between London and Bristol. There are also trains to Cardiff.

A new platform, platform 4 opened in 2003.

In December 2005 people were told that stations in the Thames Valley area were to be made better. 

On 1 March 2011, Philip Hammond MP, (the UK Government's Secretary of State for Transport) said that he had made plans for making the Great Western main line electric from Didcot to Swindon, and and Cardiff, through Bath Spa and Chippenham. The Department's reading said that new electric trains would be made by Hitatchi. The electrification had first been told by the last Labour Government's Transport Secretary, Lord Andrew Adonis..

Établissement public à caractère administratif

In France, an Établissement public à caractère administratif (EPA, in English French administrative public body) is a public legal person with an administrative and financial autonomy, for a mission of general interest and non industrial commercial, placed under the control of the State or a local authority.


Aida Turturro

Aida Turturro (September 25 1962) is an American television actress. She is best known as Janice in the HBO series "The Sopranos".

Turturro is the first national spokesperson for rheumatoid arthritis in the United States. 

Acanthopleura

Acanthopleura is a genus of chitons in the family Chitonidae. In this genus the girdle is spiny or spiky. It has eight described species at present.

According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS), species in the genus "Acanthopleura" include


Acanthopleura granulata

Acanthopleura granulata, the West Indian fuzzy chiton, is a medium-sized tropical species.

It is common in the tropical western Atlantic. It is often not noticed: its color and texture are similar to the rocks on which it lives.

In the West Indies, these and other common intertidal chitons are known as "curb". The foot of the animal is eaten by people and is also used as bait for fishing.

This chiton occurs from southern Florida to Mexico, south to Panama, and in the West Indies.

Paul Rohrbach

Paul Rohrbach (29 June 1869 – 19 July 1956) was a German writer. He mostly wrote about "world politics." He was born at Irgen, Courland, Latvia. Between 1887 and 1896 he attended the universities of Dorpat, Berlin, and Strasbourg. 

He traveled very much in Asia (especially China) and Africa. From 1903-06 he was Royal Commissioner to southwest Africa. His writings include many books on political conditions in the countries he visited.


This article has text from a publication now in the public domain: Gilman, D. C.; Thurston, H. T.; Moore, F., eds. (1905). New International Encyclopedia (1st ed.). New York: Dodd, Mead.

Jack-o'-lantern (disambiguation)

A jack-o'-lantern is a carved pumpkin.

The name also may mean:

List of feminists

This is a list of important participants in the development of feminism.








North Star (disambiguation)

North Star is the prominent star that is closest in the sky to the north celestial pole. It appears just about directly overhead to an observer at the Earth's North Pole.

North Star may also be:

In Australia:

In Canada:

In the United States:








List of cities in Kentucky

There are 419 cities in the U.S. State of Kentucky. 


National Day Parade

The Singapore National Day Parade (Abbreviation: NDP) is a national ceremony in Singapore. It includes a parade on Singapore's National Day on August 9 to celebrate Singapore's independence. It is usually held at the Padang (1966 - 1974), the National Stadium, or The Float@Marina Bay. 

Singapore celebrated its first National Day in 1966. This was one year after Singapore's independence from Malaysia on 9 August 1965.



Job for a Cowboy

Job for a Cowboy is an American death metal band from Glendale, Arizona. Job for a Cowboy has five members in the band; the current band members are Jonny Davy, Al Glassman, Chad Cortez, Tony Sannicandro and Nick Schendzielos.

The band was formed in 2003. The band first posted their songs and gained popularity on the social networking website MySpace. They released their debut album ""Genesis"" on May 15, 2007. They are currently signed to Metal Blade Records. They released their third studio album ""Demonocracy"" on April 10, 2012.



As of 2012, Job for a Cowboy had released 3 albums:


Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station

It is the busiest railway station in India. There are always a lot of people at the station. Short-distance trains and long-distance trains come to this station.


Sikandar Hayat Khan (Azad Kashmir politician)

Sardar Sikandar Hayat Khan was born into a famous political family of Kashmir. He was the son of Sardar Fateh Muhammad Khan Karela vi. Sardar Sikandar Hayat Khan graduated from Gordon College (Rawalpindi) in 1956. He then went to the University Law College in Lahore for a law degree in 1958.

He returned to Kotli to start a law practice. He joined the All Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference. He also successfully ran for membership of the local council. He had this position for eight years. During this period he was also elected as President of Bar Association, Kotli. In 1970, he was elected to the Azad Jammu & Kashmir Legislative Assembly.

He has been returned to office from his constituency in every election held in Azad Kashmir between 1970 and 2001, barring the years when he was President of Azad Kashmir. His brother Sardar Muhammad Naeem Khan served as a member from that area during that period.

He was acting President of the Jammu & Kashmir Muslim Conference in the 1976-78 period. He was elected President in 1978, a position he held until 1988.

In 1985, he was elected Prime Minister of Azad Jammu & Kashmir. He kept that office for the next five years. He was leader of the opposition in the Assembly during the next two years. Then he was elected President of Azad Jammu & Kashmir for a five-year term in 1991.

He was sworn in as Prime Minister of Azad Jammu & Kashmir on July 25, 2001 for the second time. He retired from active politics in July 2006 after completing his second term.

Khan died in Poonch, Jammu and Kashmir from heart disease on 9 October 2021, aged 87.


List of Asian pornographic actors

This is a list of Asian pornographic actors, sorted by first name.















Inuyama, Aichi

In 2010, the city had a population of 75,449. The total area is 74.97 km². The city is along the edge of Aichi Prefecture. It is separated from neighbouring Gifu Prefecture by the Kiso River. It was founded on 1 April 1954.

There are a number of famous attractions in and around the city. The most famous attraction is Inuyama Castle on a 40m rise overlooking the Kiso river. This Japanese castle is also known as Hakutei-jō (White Emperor Castle). It was named by the Confucian scholar Ogyū Sorai during the Edo period. It is a four-story structure with two underground levels, although it has only three roofs. The castle was made a Japanese national treasure in 1935 and again in 1952. It the oldest original wooden castle in Japan.
Another famous attraction is the Urakuen tea garden used for tea ceremonies. This garden has the Joan tea house, built in 1618. The Joan tea house was originally built in Kyoto. It was moved to its current location in 1972. The building is one of the finest examples of tea house architecture.

The Kiso river also has some very beautiful rapids upstream of the castle. These rapids and the rock formations are called the Nihon Rhine after the Rhine river in Germany. Boat tours are available. Cormorant fishing on the Kiso river is also done, although nowadays almost only for tourists.

Near Inuyama is the Meiji Mura. This is an open-air architectural museum for keeping and showing structures of the Meiji (1867–1912) and Taishō (1913–1926) eras. As of 2005, 67 historical buildings are kept on an area of 1,000,000 m. The most famous one is the main entrance and lobby of Tokyo's old Imperial Hotel. It was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and built in 1923.

There is also the Japan Monkey park, with different species of monkeys and other entertainment.

Inuyama is the site of the Primate Research Institute of Kyoto University, one of the world's foremost centres for research in non-human primate biology and behaviour.


Bristol Parkway railway station

Bristol Parkway railway station is a train station in Stoke Gifford, near Bristol, England

The station has trains by First Great Western to Paddington, Cardiff, Weston-super-Mare, Swindon, Bristol Temple Meads and a limited services to Chippenham. It also has trains by CrossCountry to Temple Meads, Manchester Picadilly, with longer services to and from South West England. There are also trains to Plymouth and Edinburgh, as well as trains to and from Glasgow Central or in the north and Penzance in the south.

Parkway had a new third platform (Platform 4) put in, in 2007, to give a new platform for trains going to London and Birmingham and to make trains better between London and south Wales. A new fourth platform was opened in April 2018.

Tilbury Juxta Clare

Tilbury Juxta Clare is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 140 people living in Tilbury Juxta Clare.

Twinstead

Twinstead is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 165 people living in Twinstead.

Wethersfield

Wethersfield is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1232 people living in Wethersfield.

Wickham St. Paul

Wickham St. Paul is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 330 people living in Wickham St. Paul.

High Laver

High Laver is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 401 people living in High Laver.

Magdalen Laver

Magdalen Laver is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 246 people living in Magdalen Laver.

Moreton

Moreton is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 366 people living in Moreton.

Nazeing

Nazeing is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 4675 people living in Nazeing.

Roydon

Roydon is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 2771 people living in Roydon.

Little Laver

Little Laver is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 90 people living in Little Laver.

Theydon Garnon

Theydon Garnon is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 130 people living in Theydon Garnon. 

The name Theydon Garnon comes from the family of Gernon. 'Theydon Garnon: Introduction', A History of the County of Essex: Volume 4: Ongar Hundred (1956), pp. 258-262. URL: http://www.british-history.ac.uk/report.aspx?compid=15703 Date accessed: 25 December 2012. Theydon Garnon was listed in the Domesday Book as "Taindena" / "Teidana", along with Theydon Bois and Theydon Mount.


Theydon Mount

Theydon Mount is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 163 people living in Theydon Mount.

Layer Marney

Layer Marney is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 206 people living in Layer Marney.

Sporting Clube de Goa

Sporting Clube de Goa are an Indian football club based in the state of Goa. 

Sporting Clube de Goa is one of the teams which compete in the I-League.

The club known as "Cidade de Goa" until the late 1990s. Changes were made which were modeled after Sporting Clube de Portugal.
Sporting Clube de Goa was established in 1999.

In the 2003-2004 season, Sporting Clube was promoted to the Indian National Football League 1st Division. The Goan club had it's best run in this season when the team finished second to Dempo S.C..

The team became part of the I-League in the 2007-2008 season.




My Family

My Family was a British television sitcom. It was shown on BBC One from 19 September 2000 until 11 September 2011. It was created by Fred Barron and is set in Chiswick, west London. It stars Robert Lindsay as dentist Ben Harper and Zoe Wanamaker as Susan Harper. They are a middle-aged, middle-class married couple who have three children. They elder son is Nick (played by Kris Marshall), who is stupid, cheerful and has no direction in life. The daughter is Janey (played by Daniela Denby-Ashe), who is attractive, has many boyfriends and becomes a single mother. The younger son is Michael (played by Gabriel Thomson), who is very intelligent and comes out as gay.

Conus beatrix

Conus beatrix is a species of sea snail. It is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae (the cone snails and their allies).

Like all species within the genus "Conus", these snails are predatory and poisonous. They are capable of "stinging" humans, so live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.

It is feared by most other aquatic snails, because few other species have the ability to sting. 

Conus beatrix lives only in the seas of the Philippines.


Calocochlea pan

Calocochlea pan is a species of large air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae. This species is very common in the Philippines. The shell is between 41 and 47 millimeters long with brown spiral bands and a cream-colored background.


Ashok Singh

Ashok Singh (born 1 March 1989) is an Indian professional athlete. He is best known as an Association football or soccer player.

Singh's professional career has been with Sporting Clube de Goa.

Adil Ahmed Khan

Adil Ahmad Khan (born July 7, 1988) is an Indian professional athlete. He is best known as an Association football or soccer player. He has played for the Indian national team.

Khan has been a part of the Sporting Clube de Goa since 2007.

Khan played for India against Azerbaijan in 2012.

India

Political families of Pakistan

This is a partial listing of prominent political families of Pakistan.

Royal families are not included.

(Member National Assembly of Pakistan)
(Member National Assembly of Pakistan)
(Member Provisional Assembly of Punjab)
(Member Senate of Pakistan)
(Member Provisional Assembly of Punjab)
(Member Provisional Assembly of Punjab)
(Member National Assembly of Pakistan)
(Former Member National Assembly of Pakistan)

The members of Bhutto family () in politics:










The members of Junejo family () in politics:


The members of Badshah Khan's family () in politics:




The members of Zia-ul-Haq's family () in politics:


Members of Noon family:


The members of Leghari family (), in politics:


Members of Qazi family (), of Sindh in politics:

The members of Zardari family (), in politics:


1928 Okeechobee hurricane

The 1928 Okeechobee hurricane, also called the San Felipe hurricane, was a very bad tropical cyclone. Almost 4,100 people died in the northeast Caribbean, Puerto Rico and southeast Florida to North Carolina. This hurricane had wind close to Category 5 level when it hit Puerto Rico, when it was also a large hurricane. Over 2,500 people died in the United States, making the storm one of the deadliest natural disasters in U.S. history at that time. It struck Florida at Category 4 levels.

The hurricane hit the coast in Palm Beach County, Florida and damaged many buildings. But then it went inland. It caused the waters of Lake Okeechobee to rise ten feet. The lake flooded 75 miles of Florida. Because people were not prepared for the flood, many died. Dead bodies lay in the hot Florida sun for days. Sometimes whole families were killed, so no one was left to identify the bodies.

After the hurricane, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers built a large dike near Lake Okechobee to stop future floods.


National Anthem of Chile

"How Pure, Chile, is Your Blue Sky" is the national anthem of Chile. First adopted in 1828, the national anthem originally did not have any words in it. The melody of the song was composed by Ramón Carnicer. Later, the Chilean government wanted words for the song, so eventually, a poet by the name of Eusibio Lillo wrote the lyrics to the national anthem in September 1847.

After Chile won its independence from Spain, the Chilean government demanded that there be a national anthem with lyrics (words) and music. The first version of "Canción Nacional" was written by Eusebio Lillo in 1819, and Ramón Carnicer composed the music a year later. While Carnicer was exiled in England, he composed the second (and current) version until he returned to Barcelona, Spain in 1827. A year later, Carnicer's new anthem premiered in Santiago, Chile. Then in 1847, Eusebio Lillo wrote the new lyrics, which was then revised (changed for the better) in 1909.



George Cukor

George Dewey Cukor (July 7, 1899 – January 24, 1983) was an American movie director. He made many comedy movies and movies based on books. Cukor directed several of RKO's most important movies such as "Little Women" (1933). At MGM he directed "Dinner at Eight" (1933), "David Copperfield" (1935) "Romeo and Juliet" (1936) and "Camille" (1936). He went on to direct "The Philadelphia Story" (1940), "Adam's Rib" (1949), "Born Yesterday" (1950), "A Star Is Born" (1954) and "My Fair Lady" (1964). He continued to work into the 1980s. He was born in New York City and died in Los Angeles, California.

David Copperfield (1935 movie)

David Copperfield is a 1935 black and white movie directed by George Cukor. The movie was based on the 1850 book of the same name by Charles Dickens. The movie was a great success. It was nominated for the Best Picture Academy Award.


Little Women (1933 movie)

Little Women is a 1933 black and white American RKO movie directed by George Cukor. The movie was based on a book of the same name by Louisa May Alcott. The movie stars Katharine Hepburn as Jo, Joan Bennett as Amy, Jean Parker as Beth, Frances Dee as Meg, Edna May Oliver as Aunt March, Spring Byington as Marmee, Paul Lukas as Professor Bhaer, Henry Stephenson as Mr. Laurence, and Douglass Montgomery as the boy-next-door Laurie. The movie is about the lives of four sisters in a nineteenth century Massachusetts village during the American Civil War. The movie was a success and was nominated for (but lost) the Best Picture Academy Award.

The movie's budget was $1 million. Four thousand people worked on the movie for a year. A lot of research was done to make all the 3,000 costumes and props look like they came from the Civil War period. The set decorator modeled the inside of the March home after Louisa May Alcott's Massachusetts house. The movie opened on November 16, 1933 at Radio City Music Hall. It broke attendance records there and earned over $100,000 during its first week of showings. Louise Closser Hale was going to play Aunt March, but she died on July 26, 1933. Edna May Oliver took the role.

David O. Selznick went back to RKO from MGM to produce the movie. He was given no credit. This was the last movie in his contract with the studio. Katharine Hepburn asked costume designer Walter Plunkett to make a special dress for her character. This dress was based on one worn by her grandmother in an old photograph (a tintype) Hepburn owned. Plunkett also had to redesign many of Joan Bennett's costumes because she was going to have a baby.

Public holidays in Pakistan

This is a list of public holidays in Pakistan.

In addition to the holidays now no longer national holidays, several are observed as national days without a holiday:


Kashmir (disambiguation)

Kashmir mainly refers to the northwestern region of the Indian subcontinent shared by India, Pakistan, and China.

It may also be:



Letícia Sabatella

Letícia Sabatella (born March 8, 1971 in Belo Horizonte) is a Brazilian actress. 

Letícia was two years old when her family moved Itajubá (MG) to the mining town of Conceição das Alagoas. Her father was an engineer at the Big Bend Power Plant. She said she learned to appreciate nature in this place full of greenery and people of different nationalities. 

Eliane Giardini

Eliane Teresinha Giardini (born October 20, 1952 in Sorocaba) is a Brazilian actress.

Although she didn't achieve much fame until her 40th birthday, she is now considered one of the best and most beautiful Brazilian actresses. Formerly married to actor Paulo Betti, she is the mother of two girls, Juliana and Mariana Betti, both actresses themselves.


Beren Saat

Beren Saat (born 26 February 1984) is a Turkish actress.

Saat went to Başkent University to study Business Administration. While at university, she was in the TV competition "Türkiye’nin Yıldızları " where she finished runner up. 

After being in a series of candy commercials, Saat made her television debut in "Aşkımızda Ölüm Var". She played Ece Uslu's sister. In 2004, she acted in "Aşkımızda Ölüm Var" and in 2005, she had her first lead role in "Aşka Sürgün". Then she played Yasemin Ünsal in Tomris Giritlioğlu's " Hatırla Sevgili". This show gave her nationwide fame.

In 2008, she again worked with Giritlioğlu in the movie "Güz Sancısı" (Pains of Autumn). The same year Saat played Bihter Yöreoğlu (Samar) in an adaptation of Halit Ziya Uşaklıgil's classic novel "Aşk-ı Memnu" set in the modern day. She won consecutive Golden Butterfly Awards for Best Actress for her performance. Saat was the lead in director Serdar Akar's movie "Gecenin Kanatları" (Wings of the Night) released in December 2009. In 2010-2012, she acted in an adaptation of author Vedat Türkali's story "Fatmagülün suçu ne?"


Okan Yalabık

Okan Yalabık (born 13 December 1978 in Bigadiç, Balıkesir) is a Turkish actor. 

Yalabık attended İstanbul University State Conservatory, Department of Performing Arts. There he was educated by professionals, one of which was Yıldız Kenter. He started his professional career in television serials in 2000. In 2011 he was granted the best actor award for Muhteşem Yüzyıl. In 2011 he also received the best co-starring actor award for his role in Hunting Season.


Blue-tongued skink

"Blue tongue lizard redirects here."

Blue-tongued skinks make up the Australasian genus, Tiliqua, which has some of the largest members of the skink family (Scincidae). They are also called blue-tongued lizards or simply blue-tongues, shinglebacks or the sleepy lizard in Australia. The main feature of the genus is a large blue tongue that can be used to scare away enemies.

Blue-tongued skinks are closely related to the genera "Cyclodomorphus" and "Hemisphaeriodon". All species are found on mainland Australia except "Tiliqua gigas" which lives in New Guinea and various islands of Indonesia. One subspecies of "Tiliqua scincoides" is also found on several small Indonesian islands between Australia and New Guinea. "Tiliqua nigrolutea" is the only species in Tasmania. With the exception of the pygmy blue-tongue, they are large lizards which can grow up to 45 cm total length. They are light-bodied, short-limbed, broad with a distinct head and dull teeth.

Most species are diurnal ground-foraging omnivores, feeding on insects, gastropods, flowers, fruits and berries. The pygmy blue-tongue however mainly eats arthropods. The skinks give birth to live young. The litter sizes ranging from 1–4 in the pygmy blue-tongue and shingleback to 5–24 in the eastern and northern blue-tongues.




Felis

Felis is a genus of small cats in the family Felidae. They include the familiar domestic cat and its closest wild relatives. The wild species are found in Europe, southern and central Asia, and Africa. The domestic cat, which may have its origin in North Africa, is now worldwide.

Members of the genus "Felis" are all small felines, rather similar to the domestic cat. The smallest species is the sand cat, which may be less than in length, while the largest is the jungle cat, which can reach . They live in many habitats: forests, grassland, swampland and deserts. They mostly feed on small rodents, supplementing their diet with birds and other small animals, depending on their local environment.

Genetic studies indicate that the genus "Felis" first evolved around eight to ten million years ago, probably in the Mediterranean region.

The genus "Felis" is currently considered to consist of six living species, although the domestic cat and Chinese mountain cat are sometimes considered subspecies of "F. silvestris". 


Small cats are those smaller than the cheetah. These are small cats classified under other genera than "Felis":

Aquatic plant

An aquatic plant is a plant that has adapted to live in the water. This can be either freshwater, such as in rivers and lakes, saltwater as in the sea, or brackish water, as in the estuary of a river. 

Some aquatic plants are partly submerged. Others are totally submerged. Common adaptations include leaves that float on the water, and special tissue that allows to transport air and other gases inside the plant.Some plants from the water can be adapted in land. 

Aquatic plants require special adaptation for living in submerged water or at the water's surface. 

Hydrophytes are the plants which live completely or partially submerged in fresh water. Such plants do not face the problem of water shortage. They have developed mechanisms for the removal of extra water from their cells. Hydrophytes have broad leaves with a large number of stomata on their upper surfaces. This characteristic helps them to remove extra amount of water. The most common example of such plants is Water Lily.

Susan Smith

Susan Leigh Vaughan Smith (born September 26, 1971) is an American murderess. She was born in Union, South Carolina, and was a former student of the University of South Carolina Union. She was sentenced to life in prison on July 22, 1995 for killing her two sons on October 25, 1994. 

The sons were 3-year-old Michael Daniel Smith, born October 10, 1991, and 14-month-old Alexander Tyler Smith, born August 5, 1993. At the time of the murders, Smith was estranged from her husband and had a boyfriend who did not want children in his life. She believed that by killing her children, her boyfriend would want a long-term relationship with her. 

The case gained worldwide attention after it was broadcast live. Smith told police that an African American man carjacked, and kidnapped her sons. Several weeks later, she confessed that she drove her car into a nearby lake. She got out of the car, and watched her sons drown inside the car. Smith later said that she suffered from mental illnesses, which made her kill her sons.

Smith's defense psychiatrist diagnosed her with dependent personality disorder and depression.

According to the South Carolina Department of Corrections, Smith will be eligible for parole on November 4, 2024, after serving at least of thirty years. She is currently at South Carolina's Leath Correctional Institution, near Greenwood. 

In 2010, "Deadly Women" told the story of what happened that night, focusing on Smith's case and other parents that have killed their children.




Filicide

Filicide is the act of a parent killing his or her son or daughter. The word "filicide" comes from the Latin words "filius" meaning "son" or "filia" meaning "daughter" and the suffix "-cide" meaning "to kill, murder or cause death".

Famous cases of filicides include Peter the Great, who had his son Alexei tortured and killed; Wu Zetian, who is said to have killed her own daughter to frame her lover's wife; and Susan Smith, who murdered her two sons.


Murder of Linda Andersen

Linda Andersen was murdered by her two teenage daughters, Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen, on January 18, 2003 in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. The names in this article are aliases, for legal reasons.

Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen were each sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2005. Neither sister served their full-time prison sentence: Sandra Andersen was released to a halfway house in 2009 and Elizabeth Andersen was released in 2010. Since they were under-aged at the time of the murder, the Canadian government is protecting the sisters' true identities and has issued the Andersen sisters with aliases. Linda Andersen's murder case was broadcast on the television series "Deadly Women" in 2010, and was the subject of Bob Mitchell's book 'The Class Project: How to Kill a Mother: The True Story of Canada's Infamous Bathtub Girls'. In 2014, a crime drama, Perfect Sisters, was released, which was additionally based on the murder of Linda Andersen.

According to police reports, Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen, aged 16 and 15 respectively, had become irritated of their mother "wasting. money on alcohol". Linda also had abusive relationships with men which also caused unrest for the girls. They were also unhappy that their friends had "better things like swimming pools and clothes". Because of their discontent, the sisters began to search on the Internet for ways to kill their mother. Elizabeth and Sandra Andersen believed that by killing their mother, they would be entitled to insurance money. This compensation, the sisters resolved, would be spent on a trip to Europe with their friends as well as a large house, with a backyard filled with marijuana. The sisters decided to drown Linda Andersen, because they believed it would be "fast and spectacular". 

After formulating a murder plan, Elizabeth and Sandra Andersen informed their friends, who both encouraged the sisters and laughed at the idea of murdering Linda Andersen.

During lunch time on January 18 2003, Sandra and Elizabeth began giving their mother liquor in order to get her drunk. Their plan was to make Linda fully inebriated so that she could not resist their attack. Linda was also given pain killers by her daughters, to slow down her heartbeat. Sandra and Elizabeth then waited for the drugs to work. While waiting, the sisters communicated with their friends online, one of whom ended their conversation with the phrase "well good luck - wear gloves".

Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen filled the family bathtub with water and took Linda Andersen to the bathroom. Linda had difficulty getting into the bathtub, because of the mixture of vodka and pills she had been given. After putting gloves on, Sandra and Elizabeth gave their mother a massage. Within minutes, according to police reports, Sandra Andersen instructed her mother to lay on her stomach so that she could scrub her back. Sandra Andersen instantly pulled her mother's head down and did not let go. After four minutes, Sandra Andersen released her mother's head and found Linda Andersen to be dead. After having killed their mother, Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen went with their friends to a nearby restaurant where they celebrated their victory. Later that night, Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen called 9-1-1 and informed them that they had found their mother laying in the bathtub. 

The 9-1-1 operator told Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen to take their mother out of the bathtub and to perform CPR. The Andersen sisters cried over the phone, telling the operator that Linda Andersen could not be resuscitated. When police arrived, they believed Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen's story.

A year after the murder, Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen held a party. Sandra, who was drunk, told a male at the party about the murder of Linda Andersen that both she and Elizabeth had committed. She then told a guy that liked her that her mothers death might have not been an accident. He felt suspicious which later led him to the police to report what he was told. Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen were subsequently arrested, tried and sentenced to 10 years in prison. They were released in 2009 and 2010 respectively. 

The older sister, Sandra Andersen, was released to a halfway house in 2009, whilst the younger sister, Elizabeth Andersen, was released a year later. The girls' father unsuccessfully attempted to have Elizabeth Andersen released earlier so that she could complete her sentence under house arrest in their hometown. Since both Sandra and Elizabeth Andersen were under the age of 18 at the time of the murder, their identities have been protected under Canadian law. After release, Sandra Andersen was accepted to the University of Waterloo with a $2000 scholarship; Elizabeth Andersen traveled to Ottawa with the intention of applying to university. 


Théophile de Donder

Théophile Ernest de Donder (1872–1957) was a Belgian mathematician and physicist. He was famous for work in making connections between the concepts of chemical affinity and free energy. He is said to have been the first to address the thermodynamics of irreversible processes. De Donder’s work was later developed further by Ilya Prigogine. De Donder was an associate and friend of Albert Einstein.

List of Arsenal F.C. players

The List of Arsenal F.C. players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Arsenal F.C. is an English Premier League club in Holloway, North London. 

The "100 Club" is an honour given by Arsenal. It is to formally recognise retired players with over 100 league appearances. As of September 2016, 75 living players have been inducted with a further 26 automatically enrolled once they end their careers.

David O'Leary has played the most games. Between 1975 and 1993, he played 722 times for the club. 

Thierry Henry has the goalscoring record. He scored 228 goals in all competitions between 1999 and 2007 and during a loan spell with the club in 2012. The previous record was held by Ian Wright.




Aragua River

Aragua River is in Libertador municipality of the state Aragua in Venezuela. It starts north of the city of La Victoria at the meeting of the San Carlos and Gabante. The mouth is located in lake of Valencia (10º 10' 38" N - 67º 36' 14" W). It is long. It goes through the towns of La Victoria, San Mateo, Cagua, La Encrucijada and Palo Negro.


List of SpongeBob SquarePants merchandise

This is a list of "SpongeBob SquarePants" merchandise, including home videos and DVDs, CDs, video games, and books.











Series 4

Gina Rinehart

Gina Rinehart (born 9 February 1954) is an Australian mining company owner and billionaire. She is among the world's richest women.

Georgina Hancock was born in Perth, Western Australia. She is the only child of Lang Hancock (1909-1992).

She is the head of Hancock Prospecting.

She inherited the company from her father.

Virginia Cruzon

Virginia Cruzon (May 25, 1921 - August 21, 2010) was an American actress and model. She began her career in show business, in the early 1940s, by doing "extra work" and "hand inserts" in movies. Cruzon worked as a "Glamour Lovely" at the Earl Carroll Theater in Hollywood. She was chosen as a “Goldwyn Girl” by MGM Studios. She was one of the "Twelve Featured Show Girls" in the movie "Ziegfeld Girl". Virginia appeared in the movies "Down to Earth" with Rita Hayworth and "Up in Arms" with Danny Kaye. Her last movie performance was in 1969, with Elvis Presley in the movie "Charro!". Virginia Cruzon died of natural causes, at the age of 89, at her home in Laramie, Wyoming.

Randstad

The Randstad is a conurbation in the western Netherlands. It covers the provinces of North Holland, South Holland, Flevoland and Utrecht. Big cities in the Randstad are Amsterdam, Haarlem, Leiden, Den Haag, Delft, Rotterdam, Dordrecht, Gouda, Utrecht, Hilversum and Almere. The term Randstad was first used by Albert Plesman, the founder of KLM. When he looked at it from the air, he saw that cities nearly form a circle. The Randstad covers about 20% of the area of the Netherlands. More than 40% of the population of the Netherlands live there. The cities in the Randstad are between (Den Haag - Rotterdam) and (Amsterdam - Rotterdam) apart. In the center is an area known as Groene Hart. Relatively few people live there.

Emergency communication system

An Emergency communication system (ECS) is any type of system (often using computers) that lets people or groups communicate during emergencies. These systems often include many different types of technology (such as telephones and televisions), which all work together to help communicate important messages during emergencies.

An emergency "notification" system can send messages in just one direction (from the sender to the person or group that receives the message). Text message services like Twitter, automatic telephone services like "Reverse 911," and the common town siren systems that are used to warn people about tornadoes and other problems, are all examples of emergency notification systems.

Emergency Communication Systems often include notification abilities but will also include two-way communications, so people and groups can talk back and forth to each other.

Another meaning about the phrase, "Emergency Communication Systems" might be that the sender can give more information about an emergency. It can also mean that the sender can tell people what do to because of the emergency. The phrase "Emergency Notification System" might mean that the sender can only tell people or groups about the emergency, maybe without many details, too.

There can be many different words and phrases that different people use, instead of "emergency communication system," but most times, they are talking about the same idea. For example, the phrases “emergency communications” and “emergency telecommunications” may talk about the same thing.

Emergencies can make communications difficult. Communicating during emergencies can be very different than communicating during normal times. When emergencies happen, many things about the situation can change suddenly. Because of that, an emergency communication system should be able to do many special things. Often, popular communication tools (for example, Email) are not fast enough or they can not be used in every place. Every emergency situation can be very different and difficult to predict, so a good emergency communication system must be able to work for every situation.



An emergency, according to the Merriam-Webster dictionary, is a surprising event or group of events that needs very quick actions. Because of that, it should be very important that any communication about an emergency be well-timed and quick, so things will not be damaged or people killed. For example, during the Virginia Tech massacre, about two hours had passed before the first communication (an email) was sent to workers and students; and by that time, the person who was using the gun had already went into a building where he was going to begin his attack. In that case, it was not until about twenty minutes after the violence began, that a loudspeaker announcement was made for people to hide. In many situations, it's likely clear that just seconds and minutes are the most important for communicating during emergencies.

During an emergency, users need to quickly and easily send their messages; and they need to be able to do it so that they are sure it succeeds and with a secure and easy to use interface that can be used from any location. An emergency communication system that can be used by normal people will be successfully used and managed. During emergencies, which can sometimes cause people to die, campus managers must be able to react to the emergency and start the alert system quickly. But sending emergency warnings is probably one of the most uncommon and unfamiliar things to do. So, it's most important that a system be easy to use.

But, even though a good emergency communication system must be easy to use, its technology should be very advanced and complex. It should be advanced because that is needed in order to make sure many different things can work together, to create and send emergency communications in many possible ways. The important thing, though, is that an advanced system should still be easy for someone to use for both emergency and normal communications. The ability to use a system for normal communications is also important so the operator (who paid for the system) can get the most value. It is also important so that people can be familiar enough with the system that they can use it during a stressful emergency situation.

In general, the lower the cost of buying, installing, and maintaining an emergency communication systems is, the more popular such systems may become in society; and the more common these systems are, the more likely it is that these systems will be available to help during emergencies in more locations. More important than just helping with emergency response, modern mass-notification systems have become a valuable thing to have for everyday, non-emergency communications. Being able to use an emergency communication system for both kinds of communications lets the owner of the system get the most value.

An obvious need for any modern emergency communication system is that, instead of just giving warnings, it must also be able to give clear instructions about what to do because of the emergency. The Rehabilitation Engineering Research Center for Wireless Technologies found that, no matter what type of warning was first sent, another second type of warning was needed before people would trust the warning and do something because of it. A system that is able to give warnings in many different ways may save lives and stop an emergency from being too terrible.

Emergencies often require delivery of different versions of the same message at the same time. For example, in an armed hostage-taking emergency, the people inside a building may need to get instructions to lock the door, while police and other people may need to be aware that all of the doors could be locked and other information, so they can decide what to do.

Using that, some of the more modern emergency communication systems such as Siemens Sygnal or MessageNet Connections say that they can send a single message at one time that gives full details to first responders while customizing that same message to give more simple instructions to lock doors to the people inside the building. By using a single message that divides the content between types of users, fewer messages have to be created and sent, which may also save time.

There should be multiple ways of sending emergency information so that if one does not work, the others might. Also, research shows that people will check more than one communication method before they take action. The public expects to be contacted in many different ways. Besides phone calls and emails, people also expect to be reached by text messaging, and fax. Also, the public may look to social media (for example Facebook and Twitter) as another way to receive messages and check for updates.

The Partnership for Public Warning states, “A single warning is frequently insufficient to move people to action, especially if it cannot be confirmed by direct observation. For most people the first warning received captures their attention and triggers a search for corroboration, but cannot be relied on to elicit the desired behavior. Scientific research supports the common-sense observation that people are disinclined to risk being fooled by a single alarm that might prove false or accidental. Effective warning requires the coordinated use of multiple channels of communication.” This basically means that when people get a first warning, they want to look for more information about the emergency before they do anything about it. By having many ways (which all work together) of sending a warning, people will be more likely to react to it in the best way.

To help many of these properties, an emergency communication system should be able to connect to and communicate with other related systems. The Partnership for Public Warning states that a basic problem is that many parts of existing warning systems do not work together. Because of that, whenever a warning is sent, it often takes a lot of time and effort.

Also, there are multiple ways that an emergency communication system might receive an original warning. One example of this might be a building’s fire control system sending a notice that a smoke detector has found smoke. An emergency communication system that was built the right way should be able to receive that notice and turn it into a message that the people in the building can understand and use to decide what to do in order to save lives and property. Another example might be of the National Weather Service sending a severe weather warning (for example, by using RSS). In this example, the emergency communication system should be able to turn that warning into a message and send it in a similar way as the smoke detector example, so people will know what to do.

The ability to Work together should also include old and new technology. Introducing a new system that cannot work with older existing equipment can cause problems.

An emergency communication system may be a product that is owned by the organization using it (for example, a paging network for a hospital), or it may be a service that is owned by a third-party (for example, a cellular carrier’s network). Each has good and bad properties; however, services have some major problems for emergency communications, even though many people think differently. Using SMS as one example, due to the way cellular networks are built, text messaging services would not be able to send a large number of communications in a short amount of time, making SMS service a poor emergency communication method.

Property-based ("on-premise") emergency communication systems are those which are mainly or completely in the same location or area as it serves, while off-property ("non-premise") based emergency communication systems are those which are in a different location or area. There are good and bad properties of each. Often, non-premise based systems are slower than systems that are premise-based, because the different locations need to be connected using data networks (for example, the Internet).

With the growth of populations and the change of technology, the ways that emergencies are communicated have also changed.

In America’s early years, common ways of communicating emergencies may have been mostly ringing church bells or people sending messages by riding horses. Later, as technology developed, the telegraph became an almost instant way of communicating. After that, radio communications, telephones and sirens became common. After the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor, by the Japanese in 1941, Civil Defense sirens became popular and were used in many military bases and towns across America. A weakness of these systems is that they were not really able to tell people what they should do.

Today, modern communication tools such as smartphones, flat-panel digital signage, GPS, and computer speech (among many others) are changing how people are notified about emergencies. With these more modern tools, there is an ability to provide more specific instructions; so that, instead of just notifying people about an emergency, it is now possible to give exact instructions on what to do because of the emergency. Also, those instructions may even be customized for those peoples' special situation and location. For example, smart-phones may have GPS that would allow a map to be shown of safe areas (and perhaps directions for getting there). Such a map might be different, depending on where the person is currently at. In a good system, all of these special warnings and instructions could be sent with just a single alert.



Nimravidae

The Nimravidae is an extinct family in the Carnivora. It is a type of cat-like mammal in the suborder Feliformia.
They lived in North America, Europe, and Asia from the Eocene through the Miocene epochs, 42–20 million years ago (mya). They lasted for about 22 million years.

Although some nimravids physically resembled the sabre-toothed cats of genus "Smilodon", they were not closely related, but evolved a similar form through parallel evolution.

The ancestors of nimravids and felids diverged from their common ancestor about 50 mya. Most had muscular, low-slung, catlike bodies, but with shorter legs and tails.

Some nimravids did evolve into large toothed cat-like forms with massive flattened upper canines and mandibular flanges. Others had teeth similar to modern cats, with smaller canines. Some had canines more intermediate relationship between the saber-toothed cats and felids. These differences must have reflected different methods of attacking their prey.

Not only did nimravids have varied tooth styles, but they also showed the same range of size size and shape as felids. Some were leopard-sized, others the size of today's lions and tigers, and one had the short face, rounded skull and smaller canines of the modern cheetah.

List of Montedio Yamagata players

The Montedio Yamagata is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Montedio Yamagata is a Japanese professional football club in Yamagata Prefecture.

There are 27 men on the 2012 team, including



Conic section

In geometry, when a cone and a plane intersect, a conic section results. 



There are three different types of sections, the parabola, the hyperbola and the ellipse. The circle is a special case of an ellipse. Sometimes the circle is mentioned as a fourth type, because calculating with a circle is easier than with an ellipse, most of the time.

The conic sections are known at least since 200 BC, when Apollonius of Perga (~262 BC to ~190 BC) studied of their properties. They came to more attention when mathematicians discovered that the solutions of the two-body problem were conic sections.

Puperita pupa

Puperita pupa is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae, the nerites.

Shell is globular, not presenting short spire, there are 2 to 3 turns, the outer lip is thin and sharp, columellar area is polished and has a broad wall fell. The mayor know specimens reach the 10.6 mm. Its coloration is characterized by axial bands black and white like a zebra, the opening is gray and ocher like parietal callus area and the operculum is bright yellow 

Puperita pupa is a gastropod mollusk widely distributed in the area of Caribbean Sea:
Cayman Islands, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica, Mexico, Venezuela Dominica.


Ivo Karlović

Ivo Karlović (born February 29, 1979) is a Croatian professional tennis player. Ivo became pro in 2000. He was born in Zagreb, Croatia. Ivo play tennis right hand, one hand backhand.



Bad Girls Club (season 8)

Bad Girls Club Season 8 is the eight season of the American television series "The Bad Girls Club". It aired on January 23, 2012 until May 7, 2012. It was filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada.

 : Age at the time of filming.

Bad Girls Club (season 9)

Bad Girls Club Season 9 is the ninth season of the American television series "Bad Girls Club". It was broadcast on July 9, 2012 and is currently airing on Oxygen. It was filmed in Mexico.

 : Age at the time of filming.

1915 Galveston hurricane

The 1915 Galveston hurricane was an intense, deadly and very destructive storm. In August 1915 this hurricane hit the Caribbean Island areas from the Leeward Islands to western Cuba and then blasted Galveston, Texas with winds around the Category 4 level, . The winds of this hurricane were at when the storm struck Cuba. Almost 400 people died because of the storm.

1899 San Ciriaco hurricane

The 1899 San Ciriaco hurricane was the longest hurricane in the Atlantic on record and second longest recorded anywhere in the world. This storm packed winds of 150 mph. It caused serious destruction in the Caribbean and North Carolina. The storm took more than 3,400 lives. This hurricane happened in August 1899.

David Hockney

David Hockney (born 9 July 1937) is a British artist. He was born in Bradford, West Riding of Yorkshire. An important contributor to the pop art movement of the 1960s, he is one of the most influential artists of the 20th century. He is openly gay.

Hockney's 1972 work "Portrait of an Artist (Pool with Two Figures)" sold at auction and broke the world record for a living artist on 15 November 2018 when it sold for $90 million (£70 million) at Christie's auction house New York City.

Yojōhan Shinwa Taikei

Yozyouhan Sinwa Taikei is a Japanese novel. It was written by Tomihiko Morimi. In 2010, it was adapted to an animated work and broadcast by Noitamina.

At Kyoto University, a male student tries to change his life. The story differs somewhat between the original novel and the anime adaptation.

The novel is organized into separate stories.

1st story The main character belongs to a movie club.

2nd story The main character becomes a pupil of Mr. Higuchi.

3rd story The main character belongs to a softball club.

4th story The main character belongs to secret organization.

The anime is organized into separate stories.

1st story The main character belongs to tennis club "Cupid." 

2nd story The main character belongs to the movie club "Misogi."

3rd story The main character belongs to the cycling club "Soreiyu."

4th story The main character becomes a pupil to Mr. Higuchi.

5th story The main character belongs to a softball club "Honwaka."

6th story The main character belongs to an English conversation club "Joy English."

7th story The main character belongs to a Hero show club.

8th story The main character belongs to the reading club "SEA."

9th story The main character belongs to the secret organization "Fukuneko Hanten."

10th story The main character does not leave his room. 

11th story Pleasure to see.


Awake (TV series)

Awake is an American television crime drama. It originally aired on NBC for one season from March 1 to May 24, 2012. The main character in the show is Michael Britten (Jason Isaacs), a detective who works for the Los Angeles Police Department. Kyle Killen created the series. Killen is also an executive producer along with David Slade, for "Pilot." Jeffrey Reiner and Howard Gordon continued with Killen, under his Teakwood Lane Productions label. On May 11, 2012, after eleven of the thirteen produced episodes were aired, the show was canceled. However, it still finished airing the remaining episodes in the original time slot. Even though the series' did not last very long, many people liked the series enough to create the "Save "Awake"" campaign to convince networks to revive the show.

I-League

The I-League is an association football league which is the second division in India.

The league was established in 2007.

SpongeBob SquarePants (season 10)

The tenth season of SpongeBob SquarePants was on television from October 15, 2016 to October 7, 2017. The season began with the episodes "Whirly Brains" and "Mermaid Pants." It ended with the episodes "Feral Friends" and "Don't Wake Patrick". Stephen Hillenburg, the show's creator, was the season's executive producer. Marc Ceccarelli and Vincent Waller were the supervising producers.

The tenth season won the 2017 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Cartoon. The season was released to DVD on October 15, 2019.


Heckler &amp; Koch XM8

The XM8 is a rifle made by Heckler & Koch. It is an automatic rifle that uses the 5.56 mm NATO caliber ammunition. The XM8 holds 30 rounds of ammunition. The US Army was interested in the XM8 because it is a very light weapon. It weighs only . The US Army tested ten weapons in a 60,000 round dust test and the XM8 was the best. This showed that the XM8 is much more reliable than the M4.

Typhoon Nancy

Super Typhoon Nancy had extremely intense winds near 215 miles an hour, giving her the strongest recorded winds of any tropical cyclone. It happened September 1961. The comparable cyclones of Typhoon Tip, Typhoon Keith, Hurricane Camille and Hurricane Allen all had winds at 190 miles an hour. The Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale did not exist during 1961, although Nancy would have been classified as Category Five for five and a half days, which would be a record in the Northern Hemisphere. Nancy was also destructive: she created over $500 million (1961 USD) in damage and killed around 174 people in Japan. Nancy hit Guam before that.

Antillesoma

Antillesoma is a genus of peanut worms Phylum Sipuncula. The genus belongs to the family Phascolosomatidae "Antillesoma" was described in 1973 by Stephen and Edmonds.



Antillesoma antillarum

Antillesoma antillarum is the only species of peanut worms (Sipuncula) of the genus "Antillesoma". The genus belongs to the family Phascolosomatidae.


This species is widespread in tropical and subtropical waters. It has been reported in the western Atlantic and the Caribbean from Florida to Brazil, in the eastern Atlantic in Sierra Leone.

"Antillesoma antillarum" have been found living in mollusc shell middens. They accompany and associate with the following species of sipunculids: "Aspidosiphon albus", " A. Parvulus", "A. fischeri", "Temistes lageniformis", y "Nephasoma pellucidum".


Burmese python

The Python bivittatus (or Burmese python) is one of the fifth largest snakes in the world. It is native to a large variation of tropic and subtropic areas of South and Southeast Asia. Until 2009 they were considered a subspecies of "Python molurus". Now they are recognized as a distinct species.

Burmese pythons are dark-coloured snakes with many brown blotches, edged with black, down their back. It can grow up to 5 to 7 metres (16 to 23 ft) long, but some may only reach up to the length of 4 metres (13 feet). They usually weigh around 90 kg. The longest Burmese python ever recored was a female named "Baby" which lived in the Serpent Safari, Gurnee, Illinois and was 27 years old when she died. When "Baby" died she was 8.23 metres (27 ft) long, and weighed 183 kg

The Burmese python is found throughout Southern and Southeast Asia including Eastern India, Nepal, Western Bhutan, Southeast Bangladesh, Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, Northern Malaysia, far southern China, Indonesia, Southern Sulawesi, Bali and Sumbawa. It lives in grasslands, marshes, swamps, woodlands, river valleys, and jungles with open clearings.

The Burmese python, like all types of snakes, are carnivorous. They mainly eat birds and mammals like mice, rats, rabbits, pigs and goats. Some have been seen eating larger animals like alligators and deer.
Burmese Pythons are mainly nocturnal. Young Burmese Pythons usually live in trees and on ground but when they become older they live mainly on the ground. They are excellent swimmers and can stay underwater for around half an hour.
Burmese pythons breed in the early spring and females lay around 12-36 eggs in March or April. The female python then remains with the eggs until they have hatched. Once the hatchlings use their egg tooth to cut their way out of the eggs the mother then leaves. The babies often stay inside the eggs until they have completed their first shedding of their skin, after this they leave to hunt for their first meal. Burmese pythons live for around 20 to 27 years.

War elephant

A war elephant is an elephant that was trained for battle. Elephants were guided by people. The main use of the elephant was in shock tactics to charge against the enemy, trample them, and break their lines. They were first used in India, but their use spread to other regions. Pyrrhus of Epirus used many of them, and so did the armies of Carthage. Hannibal crossed the Alps with a number of war elephants and marched against Rome. 

In the west, military tactics soon changed, and reduced the value of a war elephant. It was the use of cannons that made the war elephant useless in the 19th century. After that, elephants continued to be used for construction work.

List of Roasso Kumamoto players

The List of Roasso Kumamoto players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Roasso Kumamoto is a Japanese professional football club in Kumamoto on the island of Kyushu.
In 2010, the team included



Ryan Raburn

Ryan Neil Raburn (born April 17, 1981) is a baseball player who plays for the Washington Nationals. He previously played for the Detroit Tigers, Cleveland Indians, and Colorado Rockies. He has played many positions, but mostly second base and left field.

East Bengal Club

Sporting Club East Bengal are an Indian professional football club based at Kolkata.

East Bengal is one of the teams which compete in the I-League.

East Bengal Football Club was established in 1920.

In 1998, the name of the club was changed from East Bengal Football Club to Kingfisher East Bengal Football Club.

In July 2003, East Bengal won the ASEAN Club Championship at Jakarta.




ARIA Hall of Fame

Since 1988 the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) has inducted artists into its ARIA Hall of Fame. 

Seven artists have been inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame under more than one role:


Pandora Hearts

Pandora Hearts is a manga series by Jun Mochizuki. Twenty four volumes of the series have already been released in Japan, while the same twenty four volumes have been released in English. It has been made into an anime version, produced by Xebec.

Oz Bezarius, is the heir to the property of his family. He is 15. He is a smart boy and has a good education; however, his father hates him. 
At his adult ceremony, however, everything changes too quickly to predict. The clock that remained silent in the church for 100 years suddenly rings.
He is sent to the prison "Abyss", only be saved by a "Chain" named Alice, who lives in the "Abyss" and is the Bloodstained Black Rabbit. They make an agreement: Oz needs to find the memory of Alice, and Alice needs to protect him and help him overcome the prison. When they return to their world, the time goes by ten years. They meet their friends and also meet their enemy. As the story goes on, they find out more about the mystery prison and the organization known as "Pandora".


Oz Vessalius is the future Duke family. Before the age of 15 years, the young teenager living a totally banal and pretty easy life. But everything changed the day of his fifteenth birthday ceremony at its maturity. Oz was sent into the Abyss by members of Baskerville also called Shinigami. Once there, he made ​​the acquaintance of the Alicequi help out of this hell without knowing that ten years have passed since his absence.


Raven is a member of Pandora at first quite cold first. He has a contract with a chain of the same name by drinking his blood. But over time, he confessed to that Oz is actually Gilbert for his young and become much nicer to see a little bit silly.

Raven will do anything to protect his young master.
He has a brother who glue a lot of the name of Vincent.


Alice is a chain, a being born from the Abyss. It is also one of the most powerful because it happens to take human form. His form of fighting is fighting a giant rabbit with a scythe: B-Rabbit.
She meets Oz when it is sent to the Abyss and offered him a contract to help out. For indeed, Alice has the power to come and go in the Abyss, but it can not release its full power only.

Its purpose is to make the world of Oz to find her memory there was scattered.

Alice has the appearance of a girl, but not really the character. She is bossy, a little sadistic and willing to please rabid Raven

However, it has a real affection for Oz solidify slowly.

She is also addicted to meat and pastries.


Xerxes, more commonly known as Break, he is a member of Pandora and a servant of the Rainsworth family. It is often seen with a doll on his shoulder he calls Emily. He loves sweets and cakes and he hates a lot Vincent. Outside, Breakapparaît like a carefree character, never serious and always smiling. When necessary, however, Break can become very dangerous and evil. He has a contract with Mad Hatter, a Chain.
No break is left eye. He says that the will of the abyss took him and now is the chain that owns Cheshire. Liam, a member of Pandora tells Oz that Break has not always been as it is today. Before, after losing his eye, it was a bitter and angry person who never smiled. However, thanks to the kindness of Shelly, Sharon's mother, he began to open. He has sworn absolute loyalty to Shelly.
The real purpose of Break is to find the truth about what happened there 100 years.


There are no really few things to say about Sharon as we know very little about his past.

We know all the same she met while Break was playing with Liam and after he became for her, her mother and her grandmother.

When she was 13 years old, she entered into a contract with a chain named Eques which allows him to travel in the shadows of people and since that day, as Break, she aged more.


Sally Phillips

Sally Elizabeth Phillips (born 10 May 1970) is a British actress, Television presenter and comedienne. She was born in Hong Kong. She is married with three children and lives in London.

Phillips wrote and starred in "Smack the Pony". She played Shazza in "Bridget Jones's Diary" and "".She was featured in Task Master Season 5

Hurricane Eloise

Hurricane Eloise was a really destructive storm in September 1975 that struck Puerto Rico, Hispaniola and northwest Florida. She caused around 80 deaths and $560 million along her path. When Eloise struck Florida, winds were 125 mph, making the storm Category Three. The name Eloise was retired from Atlantic Basin tropical cyclone lists the following year.

Hurricane Dora

Hurricane Dora struck the northeast coast of Florida and became the first hurricane to do so. She created next to $250 million in damage around the area she hit. Winds from Dora reached almost 125 mph around Jacksonville, Florida when she hit. Dora was later retired from Atlantic hurricane lists, although the name is being used today for naming lists of the Eastern Pacific names.

Virginia Wade

Sarah Virginia Wade OBE (born 10 July 1945) is a British tennis player turned commentator. She was born in Bournemouth, Hampshire. She turned pro in 1968. She won the US Open in 1968, the Australian Open in 1972 and Wimbledon in 1977. She retired in 1986. Since 1981, she has been a commentator for the BBC. As of 2013, she is the last British woman to win a major tennis tournament.

Trappist beer

Trappist beer is brewed by Trappist monks. There are eight Trappist monasteries--six in Belgium, one in the Netherlands, and one in Austria.

Monastery brewhouses, from different religious orders, have been across Europe since the Middle Ages. The monastery of La Trappe in Soligny had its own brewery in 1685. Breweries were later added in monasteries of other countries as the trappist order spread from France into the rest of Europe. The Trappists, like many other religious people, first brewed beer to feed the community. Now, Trappist breweries also brew beer to pay for their works and for good causes. Many of the Trappist monasteries and breweries were destroyed during the French Revolution and the World Wars. 

With the recent exception of Koningshoeven's Bockbier, Trappist beers are all top-fermented and mainly bottle conditioned. Trappist breweries use different names for the different beers produced. The names relate to their strength.

The best known is the system where different beers are called "Enkel/Single", "Dubbel/Double" and "Tripel/Triple". With the importance of the Holy Trinity in the church, it is unlikely that the choice of three types of beers was accidental. Enkels are now no longer brewed as such.

Colours can be used to tell the different types. This dates back to the days when bottles were unlabelled and had to be identified by the bottle-top alone. Chimay beer labels are based on the colour system (in increasing order of strength red, white and blue). Westvleteren beers are still unlabelled.

There is also a number system (6,8 and 10, as used by Rochefort), which gives an idea of strength. Achel combine a strength and a colour (of the beer itselfblond or brown).

The official Trappist breweries make the following beers:-

Belgian breweries have a tradition of providing custom beer glasses. The Trappist breweries often provide "chalice" or "goblet" style glasses. 

Westvleteren Brewery

The Westvleteren Brewery (Brouwerij Westvleteren) is a Belgian brewery. It was formed in 1838 inside the Trappist Abbey of Saint Sixtus of Westvleteren in the Belgian municipality of Vleteren. The brewery and its beers are usually called "Westvleteren". The brewery's three beers have an international reputation for taste and quality. They also have a limited availability.

In 1931, the abbey began selling beer to the general public. Before, they only served beer to guests and visitors.

It is the only Trappist brewery where the monks still do all of the brewing. Of the 26 Cistercians who live in the abbey, five monks run the brewery, with an additional five who assist during bottling (putting the beer in bottles).

As with all other Trappist breweries, the beer is only sold in order to financially support the monastery and other good causes. There is no advertising except for a small sign outside the abbey. The monks have repeatedly said that they only brew enough beer to run the monastery. They will make no more than they need to sell, regardless of demand. During World War II, the brewery stopped supplying wholesalers. Since then they only sell to individual buyers in person at the brewery or the visitor's centre.

The brewery currently brews three beers:

Until 1999, the brewery also made a 6.2% ABV dark beer and a lighter 4° which was the monks' table beer. The 8 and 12 are bottle conditioned. They have a long shelf life. Some drinkers prefer the taste when the beers have been stored for several years. The ingredients are yeast, hops, malt, sugar, caramel and water.

The bottles have been sold without labels since 1945. All of the legally required information is printed on the crown tops. Because of this lack of space, Westvleteren beers are the only Trappist beers that do not have the official Trappist logo on the bottle. The logo is only printed on the wooden crates.

Many beer drinkers rank Westvleteren 12 among their favourite beers. The 8 and the Blonde also rank highly on beer-rating websites.

Despite the popularity, the monks have continued to decline almost all interview. Non-monastic visitors to the abbey are usually turned away.

Danielle Harris

Danielle Andrea Harris (born June 1, 1977) is an American actress.

Harris has been active since 1985. She has worked in movies and television programs. She became famous for her roles in the "Halloween" movies "", "", "Halloween (2007)" and "Halloween II (2009)", Hachet II, Hatchet III, and in many other horror movies.

In 2010, Danielle Harris was named as 'horror's reigning scream queen' by the "NY Daily News". She was on the cover for horror/glamour magazines "Girls and Corpses" and "Gorezone magazine".

In 2011, Harris won the Best Actress award at the Shockfest Film Festival, for her starring role in the short "Nice Guys Finish Last".

In 2013, Harris became engaged to David Gross. The couple married in a private ceremony in Holualoa, Hawaii on January 4, 2014, and had a son in 2017. Their second son was born in late 2018.


Anheuser-Busch InBev

Anheuser-Busch InBev N.V. (abbreviated as AB InBev) is a Belgian-Brazilian multinational beverages company headquartered in Leuven, Belgium. It is the world's largest brewer. 

AB InBev has 14 brands. They make over 1 billion USD per year. International brands include Beck's, Corona, Budweiser, Stella Artois, and Brahma. Multi-country brands are Alexander Keith's, Leffe and Hoegaarden. Regional brands are Bud Light, Skol, Quilmes, Labatt Blue, Michelob, Harbin, Sedrin, Cass, Klinskoye, Sibirskaya Korona, Chernigivske and Jupiler.

The company has around 116,000 people in over 30 countries. 45% of the company's sales come from North America. The company now reports its financial results in US Dollars.

AB InBev has a primary listing on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange and is part of the BEL20 index. It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange.

UEFA Euro 2000

The 2000 UEFA European Football Championship, or Euro 2000, was the 11th UEFA European Football Championship. The championship is held every four years and organized by UEFA. UEFA is association football's governing body in Europe.

The finals of Euro 2000 were co-hosted (the first time this happened) by Belgium and the Netherlands, between 10 June and 2 July 2000. Spain and Austria also bid to host the event. The final tournament had 16 nations. Except for Belgium and the Netherlands, the finalists had to go through a qualifying round to reach the final stage. France won the tournament. They defeated Italy 2–1 in the final, by a golden goal.

The finals were in the King Baudouin Stadium.

The following 16 teams were in the tournament:








UEFA Player of the Tournament

The mascot for the tournament was "Benelucky". The name is a pun on Benelux. He is a lion-devil with hair colour a combination of the flag colours of both host nations. The lion is the national football emblem of the Netherlands and a devil is for Belgium, the team being nicknamed "the Red Devils".

The Last Days of Sodom and Gomorrah

The Last Days of Sodom and Gomorrah (also known as Sodom and Gomorrah) is a Franco-Italian-American movie made in 1962. It is based on the Bible story of Sodom and Gomorrah. The movie was directed by Robert Aldrich and produced by Maurizio Lodi-Fe, Goffredo Lombardo and Joseph E. Levine.

UEFA Euro 1972

The 1972 UEFA European Football Championship final tournament was held in Belgium. This was the fourth European Football Championship. The championship is held every four years and endorsed by UEFA. The final tournament took place between 14 and 18 June 1972.

At the time, only four countries could play the final tournament. So there were only the semi-finals, the final and the third place match.

The hosts were only announced after the qualifying round. This meant that they had to qualify for the final stage.

There were 10 goals scored in 4 matches.



Spa-Francorchamps

The Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps is the venue of the Formula One Belgian Grand Prix and the Spa 24 Hours and 1000 km Spa endurance races. It is also home to the all Volkswagen club event, 25 Hours of Spa, run by the Uniroyal Fun Cup. It is one of the most challenging race tracks in the world. This is mainly because of its fast, hilly and twisty nature. Spa is a favourite circuit of many racing drivers and fans.

The track was designed in 1920 by Jules de Their and Henri Langlois Van Ophem. The first car race was held at the circuit in 1922. 1924 was the first running of the now famous 24 Hours of Francorchamps race. The circuit was first used for Grand Prix racing in 1925.

Jacky Ickx

Jacques Bernard "Jacky" Ickx (last name pronounced "Ix" or "Icks") (born 1 January 1945 in Brussels) is a Belgian former racing driver. He had 25 podium finishes in Formula One and six wins in the 24 hours of Le Mans.

Memorial Van Damme

Memorial van Damme is a yearly athletics event at the King Baudouin Stadium in Brussels, Belgium. It takes place in late August or early September. Before it was one of the IAAF Golden League events. Now it is now part of the IAAF Diamond League.

It was first put together in 1977 by a group of journalists in honour of Ivo van Damme. Damme was a Belgian double medal winner at the Montreal Olympics who was killed in a car accident at the age of 22. A former footballer, he turned to athletics and in particular the 1500 m and 3000 m. Later on, he ran in the 800 m. In 1976, he took part in the Montreal Olympic Games, where he won silver medals in both the 800 m and 1500 m.











List of cities in Afghanistan

Afghanistan has about 26 million people. 5.7 million live in urban areas. The rest live in rural areas or countryside. The following are fourteen cities of Afghanistan in order of population. The estimates are from 2006.

Ancient names of places or cities in Afghanistan:

List of settlements in Algeria

This is a list of Algerian cities and towns with more than 100,000 inhabitants, and towns and villages with more than 20,000 inhabitants. 



















List of cities in Andorra

This is a list of cities, towns and villages in Andorra.

As of 2011-12-31, Source: CityPopulation

List of settlements in Angola

This is a list of cities and towns in Angola

List of cities in Antigua and Barbuda



List of cities in Argentina

This is a list of cities in Argentina. 

This is a list of the localities of Argentina of 45,000 to 150,000 inhabitants ordered by amount of population according to the data of the 2001 INDEC Census


List of cities in Aruba

This is a list of cities in Aruba:


List of settlements in Austria

The following is a list of cities and towns in Austria with population of over 10,000 citizens. State capitals are shown in boldface.

Greater roadrunner

The greater roadrunner ("Geococcyx californianus") is one of two species of the roadrunner. The lesser roadrunner is the other species. The greater roadrunner is also called the "ground cuckoo" and the "snake killer".

The greater roadrunner is about 52–62 cm (20–24 in) long, the wingspan is about 43-61 cm (17-24 in) long, and weighs about 221-538 grams. It is about 25-30 cm tall, and is the largest North American cuckoo. It has a long, thick bill, a long dark tail, it has a dark head, and the front of its neck and belly is blue. It has zygodactyl feet, meaning that on each foot there is two toes on the front and two on the back.

It lives in the deserts of states in southwestern United States of America, like California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Oklahoma, and rarely in Kansas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Missouri. In is also found in the states of northern Mexico, like Baja California, Baja California Sur, Sonora, Sinaloa, Chihuahua, Durango, Jalisco, Coahuila, Zacatecas, Guanajuato, Michoacán, Querétaro, México, Puebla, Nuevo León, Tamaulipas, and San Luis Potosí.

The greater roadrunner makes its nests of sticks in a cactus or on a bush, and lays 3-6 eggs which take about 20 days to hatch. It eats mainly fruit, seeds and insects, but also eats some reptiles like snakes and lizards, small mammals, spiders, scorpions, centipedes, millipedes, small birds and bird eggs. The greater roadrunner kills its prey by hitting the prey's neck with its beak or by holding its prey in its beak and hitting the prey on a rock.

Some indian tribes, like the Hopi, believed that the roadrunner protected people from evil spirits. In Mexico some people say that the roadrunner brings babies, while some people in Europe say that the white stork does this.

Timber rattlesnake

The timber rattlesnake ("Crotalus horridus") is a species of venomous Pit vipers. It lives in eastern United States of America. There are no subspecies currently recognized. It is the 2nd largest venomous snake found in the eastern United States.

Adults usually grow up to the length of 91–152 cm (35.8-59.8 in). The longest to be reported was 189.2 cm (74.5 in) long. The large timber rattlesnakes weigh about 4.5 kg (9.9 Ib), but most weigh about 580-900 g (20-32 oz). Their scales are usually yellowish-brown or gray with dark brown or black stripes.

They are found in woodlands and forests of eastern United States of America, from southern Minnesota and southern New Hampshire, south to east Texas and north Florida. During the summer pregnant females prefer open, rocky ledges, where the temperature is higher, while males and non-pregnant females spend more time in cooler woodlands with a closed forest canopy. Females usually bask in the sun before having babies in open rocky areas, known as "basking knolls". In the winter Timber Rattlesnakes hibernate in dens and caves.

They mainly eat small mammals but they also eat birds, frogs, and other snakes like rattlesnakes. The most common snake they eat is the garter snake.

The timber rattlesnake is one of North America's most dangerous snakes. Before biting, they usually warn people by shaking their rattle at the end of their tail.

Its venom contains a neurotoxin known as canebrake toxin, and is a phospholipase A. It also contains a small basic peptide that works as a myotoxin, a fibrinogen-clotting enzyme that can produce defibrination syndrome, and a bradykinin-releasing enzyme.

CroFab antivenom is used to treat envenomations from the timber rattlesnake.

The timber rattlesnake is classified as least concern on the IUCN Red List.

The timber rattlesnake is endangered in New Jersey, Vermont, Massachusetts, Virginia, New Hampshire, Indiana, and Ohio. It is threatened in New York, Connecticut, Illinois, Minnesota, and Texas.

Timber rattlesnakes are extinct in Maine and Rhode Island. Only one population remains in New Hampshire. They are protected in many of the Appalachian states but their populations are still declining.

Norma (given name)

The name Norma is a female given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ nawr-m"uh" ]. It was referenced around the year 1203. This name means "Of the North", and for Latin, the word "norma" means "patterns". The name Norma has gone up and down in popularity during the last 100 years. In the United States, it has gone downward, although the name is still in usage. The name has been used for many celebrities and for many Eastern Pacific tropical cyclones. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Sidewinder

The Sidewinder rattlesnake ("Crotalus cerastes"), also known as the "Horned Rattlesnake", is a species of venomous pit viper. There are three subspecies. It is called a sidewinder because it uses sidewinding to move across sand.

The Sidewinder rattlesnake is a small species of snake, with adults measuring to about long. The females are larger than the males, which is unusual for most snakes. The color of this snake is usually cream or yellowish-brown, and the belly is white colored.

In the southwestern United States of America it can be found in desert regions of eastern California, southern Nevada, southwestern Utah and western Arizona. In northwestern Mexico, it can be found in western Sonora and eastern Baja California.

The Sidewinder is nocturnal in hot months and diurnal in cooler months. The Sidewinder uses its tail to attract lizards which it eats, but when it becomes an adult it stops eating lizards and starts eating desert rodents. 

A female Sidewinder Rattlesnake gives birth to around 5 to 18 young at a time. For 7–10 days the young stay with their mother in a burrow, they then shed for the first time and then leave the burrow. Sidewinders mature at the age of 2 or 3, then mate in April and May and sometimes in the fall. The female then has its 5-18 babies in the late summer. These babies are born 6-8 inches long. Males live a little bit longer than females, males live to about 13 years old and females about 11 years old. 

There are three subspecies:

Eega

Eega () is a 2012 Telugu movie directed by S.S. Rajamouli. It stars Nani, Samantha and Kannada actor Sudeep. The movie was released on 6 July 2012. It received positive reviews and set records.

In Tamil it was released as "Naan Ee", which means I, the Fly in English. It was released in Malayalam as Eecha, which also means The Fly in English. It was also released in Hindi as Makkhi, which means Fly in English. However, in the Hindi dub, Nani's name was changed to Jani while everybody else's names stayed the same.

Nani has loved Bindu (Samantha) for two years. Sudeep kills Nani for Bindu so he and her can be together. Then Nani is reborn as a fly and kills Sudeep with the help of Bindu.

The movie was planned by director S.S. Rajamouli 14 years back when his father gave the idea. Due to some technical reasons, the movie didn't start its shooting until 29 July 2010. That was after the director released his 8th movie "Maryada Rammana".


Sanju Pradhan

Sanju Pradhan (born 15 August 1989) is an Indian professional athlete. He is best known as a footballer.

East Bengal

Atlético de Kolkata

Bhawanipore

India

Rin Nakai

Rin is currently the #10-ranked Women’s Bantamweight (129-139.9 lbs) fighter in the world as of 5/25/2014 by http://www.fightmatrix.com. 
Nakai has participated in MMA promotions Pancrase, Smackgirl and Valkyrie. She is 1.55 m (5 ft 1 in) and 56.7 kg (125 lb).

Nakai started fighting on October 1, 2006. She defeated Asuka Ito by TKO (technical knockout), after breaking Ito's nose at "Pancrase 2006 Blow Tour".

On September 29 2016 Nakai competed at Rizin 3 - Rizin Fighting World Grand Prix 2016: 2nd Round. She defeated decorated wrestler Kanako Murata via 3rd round submission (Rear Naked Choke) to improve her record to 19-2.


Gareth Gates

Gareth Paul Gates (born 12 July 1984) is a British pop singer-songwriter and musical theatre actor. He was born in Bradford, West Yorkshire. In 2002 was runner-up in the first series of "Pop Idol". He released nine singles between 2002 and 2007, four of which were UK number ones. His first album "What My Heart Wants to Say" was released in 2002; it was number two in the UK charts. He released another album, "Go Your Own Way", in 2003 and another, "Pictures of the Other Side" in 2007. 

Gates is known for having a stutter. 

In 2008, Gates was a contestant in the third series of "Dancing on Ice". 

In 2009 Gates started work as a musical feature actor, playing the title role in the West End production of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat at the Adelphi Theatre.


Sabine Lisicki

Sabine Lisicki (; born 22 September 1989 in Troisdorf) is a German professional tennis player. Lisicki won her first WTA title match in more than three seasons in Hong Kong in September 2014. She reached her high rank of world no. 12 on 21 May 2012 in singles.

Vietnamese Civil War

Several conflicts in Vietnamese history have been considered civil wars. These are all major conflicts that occurred between North and South Vietnam:

List of cities in Azerbaijan

There are 69 urban settlements in Azerbaijan with the official status of a city (). They are:


List of ten cities, including the capital Baku (2,122,300), with the largest populations, according to the 2012 census.

List of settlements in Bangladesh

This is a list of major cities and towns in Bangladesh.

Towns in Barisal Division:

Towns in Chittagong Division, except for the city of Chittagong:

Towns in Dhaka Division:

Towns in Khulna Division, except for the city of Khulna:

Towns in Rajshahi Division: 

Towns in Rangpur Division:

Towns in Sylhet Division:

List of settlements in Barbados

This is a list of cities, towns and villages in Barbados.

List of settlements in Belarus

The following is the list of cities and towns in Belarus.

List of cities in Belgium

This is a partial list of cities or towns in Belgium:

List of cities in Benin

The following is a list of cities in Benin:


List of cities in Bolivia

List of settlements in Botswana

The following is a list of cities and towns in Botswana with population of over 3,000 citizens. State capitals are shown in boldface.

Orchid (color)

Orchid is a bright rich purple color that resembles the color of some orchids. 

Various tones of "orchid" may range from grayish purple to purplish-pink to strong reddish purple.

The first written use of "orchid" as a color name in English was in 1915.

In 1987, orchid was included as one of the X11 colors. After the invention of the world wide web in 1991, these became known as the X11 web colors.

The name comes from the flowers of some species of the vast orchid family (Orchidaceae), such as "Laelia furfuracea" and "Ascocentrum pusillum", which have petals of this color.

The word "Orchid" derives from the Greek word "orchis" which means testicle, after the appearance of the roots of plants of the genus "Orchis".


University College Cork

University College Cork – National University of Ireland, Cork (UCC) is one of the most famous universities in Ireland, alongside Trinity College Dublin. UCC offers many different courses and degrees such as medicine, law and languages. The University is very close to the centre of Cork City.

Trevor Morgan (footballer)

Trevor James Morgan (born 30 September 1956) is a British professional athlete and coach. He is best known as an Association football or soccer player.

Since 2010, he has been the coach at East Bengal F.C..


List of World Heritage Sites in India

The List of World Heritage Sites in India is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

India agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1977.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

As of 2020, there are 38 WHS places in India.
There are 48 sites which are on a tentative list.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed.




Dean Cain

Dean Cain (born Dean George Tanaka; July 31, 1966) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Clark Kent/Superman in the popular American television series "".

Dean has a son named Christopher Dean Cain (b. June 11, 2000). The mother is former "Playboy" Playmate Samantha Torres. His son is named after Cain's father, movie director Christopher Cain. He was previously engaged to country singer Mindy McCready in the late 1990s.


Crotalus ruber

Crotalus ruber (commonly known as the red diamond rattleback) is a species of venomous Pit vipers. There are currently three subspecies found.

The Red Diamond Rattlesnake is a large species of Rattlesnake. It usually grows up to the length of 100 centimeters (39 in), but some males can grow up to the length of 140 centimeters (55 in). The largest ever found was 162 centimeters (64 in) long. Its pattern is similar to the "Western Diamondback Rattlesnake", but the Red Diamond Rattlesnake has more of a reddish color on it. 

This snake has many names like the "Red Rattlesnake", the "Red Rattler", the "Red Diamond-backed Rattlesnake", and the "Western Diamond Rattlesnake".

The Red Diamond Rattlesnake lives mainly in deserts and on mountains in Southwestern California, U.S.A, northeastern Baja California, Mexico, and islands in the Gulf of California like Angel de la Guarda, San Macros and Monserrate.
It eats mainly rabbits, ground squirrels, and birds, but sometimes they eat lizards and other snakes.

Red Diamond Rattlesnakes mate in February and April. Females have their babies in August; they have around 3 to 20 babies at a time. The babies are born 30 to 34 cm long.


2012–13 Premier League

The 2012-13 Premier League will be the 21st season of the English Premier League, England's top football league. The season will start on August 18, 2012 and end on May 19, 2013. The defending champions are Manchester City.


Hinder

Hinder is an Oklahoma based rock group. Their hit singles are "Lips of an Angel", "How Long" and Get Stoned. The group have numerous other hit songs besides these.

Chung Doo-un

Chung Doo-un (, 6 March 1957 – 16 July 2019) was a South Korean bureaucrat and politician. He was the vice-mayor of Seoul from 2000 to 2003. He was a member of the National Assembly of South Korea from 2004 to 2016. He was a close friend to Lee Myung-bak. He was born in Seoul.

Chung killed himself at a Seoul park on 16 July 2019 at the age of 62.


Diogenes Laërtius

Diogenes Laërtius was a historian. He wrote a "history of Greek philosophy", in ten volumes. Very little is known about him as a person. Probably he lived in the 3rd century BC. The last philiosopher found in this work is a student of Sextus Empiricus. Sextus Empiricus lived in the 2nd century. Diogenes Laertius does not list many Roman philiosphers. He also does not talk about Middle Platonism, which must have been popular during that time.

Gendarmenmarkt

The Gendarmenmarkt is a square in Berlin, and the site of the and the French Cathedral and German Cathedrals. The centre of the Gendarmenmarkt is crowned by a statue of Germany's poet Friedrich Schiller. The square was created by Johann Arnold Nering at the end of the seventeenth century as the Linden-Markt and reconstructed by Georg Christian Unger in 1773. The Gendarmenmarkt is named after the Prussian regiment .
During World War II, most of the buildings were badly damaged or destroyed. Today all the buildings are restored to their former state. 

The Gendarmenmarkt hosts one of Berlin's most popular Christmas markets.


Mohun Bagan AC

Mohun Bagan A. C. are an Indian professional football club in Kolkata in the state of West Bengal.

Mohan Bagan is one of the teams which compete in the I-League.

Mohun Bagan was founded in 1889.




David Mitchell

David James Stuart Mitchell (born 14 July 1974) is a English actor, comedian, television personality and writer. He stars in "Would I Lie to You?", "Peep Show" and "That Mitchell and Webb Look". He often works with Robert Webb. He also writes articles for "The Observer" and "The Guardian".

Mitchell was born in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England. His mother is Welsh and his father is of Scottish ancestry. The family moved to Oxford during his late childhood. He studied history at Peterhouse, Cambridge. He married poker player and television presenter Victoria Coren on 17 November 2012 in Belsize Park, North London. The couple's daughter was born in May 2015.

Danish people

Danish people or Danes are the nation and ethnic group that is born in Denmark, and who speak Danish. There is also a Danish minority in Southern Schleswig.

The first mention of Danes within the Danish territory is on the which mentions how Harald Bluetooth converted the Danes to Christianity in the 10th century. Denmark has been continuously inhabited since this period and although much cultural and ethnic influence and immigration from all over the world has entered Denmark since then, Danes tend to see themselves as ethnic descendents of the early Danes mentioned in the sources.

According to the Danish statistics institute, approximately five million people of Danish origin live in Denmark today. In this context "Danish origin" is defined as being born to parents who are Danish citizens, and the number is arrived at by subtracting from the total population (5,564,249) those who are born abroad to non-citizens who are themselves born abroad (called immigrants), and those who are born in Denmark to parents who are either immigrants or who have foreign citizenship.

Danish citizenship is granted to anyone who has one parent of Danish citizenship, whether the child is born in or outside of Denmark. Citizens of Greenland and the Faroe islands are considered Danish citizens for all purposes. Those who do not achieve Danish citizenship by birth (or by Adoption) can only receive Danish citizenship through decree of law. Danish citizenship is automatically lost if one applies for foreign citizenship or when a 22 year old child of Danish citizens has never lived in Denmark and has not formally applied for Danish citizenship.


The Basketball Diaries

The Basketball Diaries is a 1995 American independent biographical crime drama movie directed by Scott Kalvert. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Mark Wahlberg and Lorraine Bracco and is set in New York City. This drama is based around an autobiographical novel by the same name, written by Jim Carroll. "The Basketball Diaries" is about addiction to drugs.

Sports in India

Sports in India are a part of Indian culture.

India has many traditional sports such as kabbadi, kho kho, pehlwani, and gilli-danda. Also, there are sports which were imported from the West such as football, rugby union, cricket, golf, tennis, squash, hockey, Javelin throw, boxing, snooker, and billiards. Sports are popular with both participants and onlookers.

The history of traditional sports is ancient.

In general, the most popular sports in modern India are the ones which do not include bodily contact. For example, cricket is the most important sport on television.

In the regions of Bengal and Kerala, Association football is very popular.

India has hosted international sporting events, including the 2011 Cricket World Cup.

Indian athletes have competed in 32 Olympic games in 19 countries. The Indian national team has won gold medals in Summer Olympic Games, including

India has competed in many Commonwealth Games; and India was the host country to the 2010 Commonwealth Games.



Nucleon

In physics and chemistry, a nucleon refers to any subatomic particle found in the nucleus of an atom. For instance, protons and neutrons are nucleons, since they are in the nucleus of the atom. Nucleons are made of quarks. 

The main types of nucleons are protons and neutrons. A proton has a positive electric charge, and a neutron has a neutral electric charge (meaning that it has no charge). The two in the nucleus of the atom make a positive charge, since the neutron has no charge at all. 

Electrons are not nucleons, because they are not in the nucleus of the atom. 

The other types of nucleons are "antinucleons". These are the antiparticles of the nucleons.

The fundamental force responsible for holding the nucleons together in the nucleus is called the strong force.

Homs

Homs ( "") is the third largest city in Syria. It used to be called "Emesa" (Greek: Ἔμεσα, "Emesa"). It is the capital of both the Homs District, and the Homs Governorate. It has 652,609 people (2004). It is on the Orontes River.

Homs is home to the Al-Baath University. The university is one of four major universities in Syria.

Homs has two football clubs. The Al-Karamah Sports Club was founded in 1928 and is one the oldest sports club in Syria. The Al-Karamah Sports Club has won eight Syrian League titles, and eight Syrian Cup titles. The second sports club of the city is Al-Wathba Sports Club. They started in 1937. The Khaled Ibn Al Walid Stadium has a 35,000-seat capacity. The stadium is home to both football clubs.

Latakia

Latakia ( "al-Lādhiqīyah"), is the main port city of Syria. It is the 4th largest city in Syria after Aleppo, Damascus and Homs with 383,786 inhabitants. It is the capital of the Latakia Governorate. Tishreen University is in the city.

Latakia is the home city of two football clubs: Teshrin Sports Club was founded in 1947, and Hutteen Sports Club was founded in 1945. Both teams play in the al-Assad Stadium. There is also Latakia Sports City complex. It was built in 1987 to host the 1987 Mediterranean Games.

Tripoli, Lebanon

Tripoli (Formal / ALA-LC: "Ṭarābulus"; Lebanese Arabic: "Ṭrāblus"; / "Tripolis") is the largest city in northern Lebanon and the second-largest city in Lebanon. It is the capital of the North Governorate and the Tripoli District. It has the second largest port in Lebanon.

About 80 percent of the people who live in the city are Sunni Muslims, as well as Alawite Muslims (approximately 15%), and a small percentage of Orthodox and Maronite Christians (approximately 5%).

Deir ez-Zor

Deir ez-Zor , also spelled Dayr al-Zawr, Der Ezzor, Deir Azzor, and other variants (; , , , "Ter Zor"), is the 7th largest city in Syria and the largest in the eastern part of Syria. It is the capital of the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. There were 211,857 people in 2004. It is on the shores of Euphrates River.

The city is famous for the Deir ez-Zor suspension bridge across the Euphrates. It was completed in 1927. The Deir ez-Zor Museum keeps thousands of items collected from nearby archeological sites in Northern Mesopotamia. Main campuses of Al-Furat University and Al-Jazeera University are also there.

Tartus

Tartus ( / ALA-LC: "Ṭarṭūs"; also known as Tartous) is a city on the Mediterranean coast of Syria. It is the second largest port city in Syria (after Latakia), with 115,769 inhabitants (2004 census). It is on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea.

Sirte

Sirte (also spelled "Sirt", "Surt", "Sert" or "Syrte", pronounced ; ; from ) is a city in Libya. It is on the south coast of the Gulf of Sidra.

The city was the final major stronghold of Gaddafi loyalists in the Libyan civil war.

Muammar al-Gaddafi, former leader of Libya, was born there. Gaddafi was killed there by rebel forces on 20 October 2011.

Benghazi

Benghazi is a city and district in Libya. It is the second largest city in the country with 670,797 people (2006). It is also the capital of the Cyrenaica region. It was the former provisional capital of the National Transitional Council. It is on the Mediterranean Sea.

The oldest university in Libya is the University of Libya in the city. Libyan International Medical University is the first accredited private medical university.

Two of Libya's most-successful football clubs are in the city. They are Al-Ahly Benghazi and Al-Nasr. The two teams have won the Libyan Premier League five times.

Misrata

Misrata ( , Libyan Arabic: ), also known as Misurata or Misratah, is a city in northwestern Libya. It is in the Misrata District.

With a population of 281,000, Misrata is the in Libya, after Tripoli and Benghazi. 

Misrata University is in the city.



Ne-Yo

Shaffer Chimere Smith (born on October 18, 1979 in Camden, Arkansas), better known as Ne-Yo, is a Grammy Award-winning American singer who sings R&B. In 2004 he wrote "Let Me Love You" for Mario. It was number one in the "Billboard" Hot 100 for nine weeks. After this, Def Jam Recordings signed him. His debut album, "In My Own Words", was released during 2006. Other albums then followed. In 2009, "Billboard" ranked him as the 57th Artist of the 2000s decade.

He is known for songs like "So Sick", "When You're Mad", "Closer", "Miss Independent", "Let's Go" and "Give Me Everything". The first and last song both reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100.


Sage Stallone

Sage Stallone (May 5, 1976 - July 13, 2012) was an American movie actor. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He began acting in 1990 and was also a movie producer. He died in Studio City, Los Angeles of a heart attack caused by atherosclerosis. He was the elder son of Sylvester Stallone.

Yuri Shevchuk

Yuri Shevchuk (), born 16 May 1957, is a Soviet and Russian singer/songwriter. He is the leader of rock band DDT, which he founded in 1980. 

Shevchuk was born in Magadan region and raised in Ufa. Now he lives in St. Petersburg, Russia. 

He is known as one of the greatest song-writers in modern Russia. 

Shevchuk is very critical of the Vladimir Putin's government.


DDT (band)

DDT (or ДДТ in Cyrillic) is a popular Russian rock band founded in 1980. The leader is Yuri Shevchuk. It is one of the most successful and famous Russian musical groups.

The band was formed in 1980.

Although they never considered themselves political activists, Shevchuk always addresses the problems of his country. DDT always worked as a "non-conformist" group, producing albums and giving concerts throughout the world.

In 1988 DDT made their first visit to the U.S., their concert in Los Angeles was covered by MTV.

In 1992 DDT released the album "Spring the Actress". This album contained famous hits, especially "Shto takoe osen'" (What is Autumn), "Dozd'" (Rain) and "Rodina" (Motherland).

In May 1998, the band presented the new album "World number zero" which contained influences from industrial music and a wide use of computer technologies.

In 2011, DDT released the album "Otherwise".


Mark Teixeira

Mark Charles Teixeira (born April 11, 1980) plays American Major League Baseball. He has played first and third bases and the outfield. He was born in Annapolis, Maryland. He played college ball for Georgia Tech. In 2001 he won the Dick Howser Trophy as the national collegiate baseball player of the year. He has played professsional ball with the Texas Rangers, the Atlanta Braves, Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, and the New York Yankees. Teixeira is of Portuguese-American descent. He, his wife, and their three children live in Greenwich, Connecticut. He likes hunting, fishing, golfing, and reading. He is a Christian and likes Broadway musicals.

Crotalus oreganus

Crotalus oreganus (commonly known as the western rattlesnake) is a species of venomous Pit viper. There are currently six subspecies recognized, not including the nominate subspecies.

The Western Rattlesnake is a large species of the Crotalus.They can reach to the size of 100 centimeters (39 in) in length, but the longest ever found was the size of 162.6 centimeters (64 in). They are usually dark brown, dark gray, or olive brown in color, covered with dark blotches and uneven white edges.

The Western Rattlesnake eats mainly rodents like the mouse, the rat, and the squirrel, but it also eats rabbits and small birds.

Some of the Western Rattlesnakes names included the "Northern Pacific Rattlesnake", the "Black Diamond Rattlesnake", the "Arizona Diamond Rattlesnake", the "California Rattlesnake", the "Hallowell's Rattlesnake",and the "Oregon Rattlesnake".

The Western Rattlesnake is found in North America, from southwestern Canada, western U.S.A, and northern Mexico.In Canada it is found in southern British Columbia. In the U.S.A it is found in Washington, Oregon, western and southern Idaho, California, Nevada, Utah, and Arizona. In northern Mexico it is found in western Baja California.


Bharata Natyam

Bharatanatyam, is an Indian classical dance.

Both male and female dancers perform this dance. The classical Indian story-dance can be used to express a complex range of emotions which respond to the actions of the male heroes.

This classical Indian dance attracts interest and study in India and other parts of the world, including China Europe and North America.

"Bharatanatyam" comes from the state of Tamil Nadu.uwu 

The dance’s origins are recorded in Tamil literary texts of the sixth century BC. It was revived in the late 18th century and again in the early 20th century.

(The etymology in #1 below for "Bharata" is spurious. It only makes sense with the English spelling/pronunciation of "Bha", "Ra", and "Ta", which would be "Bhā-rā-tā. The actual pronunciation is Bhə-rə-tə which does not make for a good story).

The name was invented in the twentieth century by the great dancer Rukmini Devi and others. It is supposed to indicate that this style was the original style described in a book on Natya by the sage Bharata, i.e. "Bharata's Dance". The text describes poses but in the absence of illustration, the exact poses had to be re-imagined -- the quality of this re-imagination is a tribute to the intellectual and aesthetic abilities of Rukmini Devi and her teachers, but there is no other link between Bharatanatyam now and the dances described in ancient Tamil texts.

The re-imagined dance form was largely based on "Sadir-attam," the dances performed by temple "devavdasis," whose status had fallen over many centuries and under British non-comprehension of its cultural roots. Sadir-attam itself was the name given to the dance during its eighteenth century revival under the sponsorship of Raja Serfoji of Tanjore.

The knowledge of the ancient dance was maintained by the caste of devadasis, but as an oral and terpsichorean tradition, without writing. As such, documentation of the historic relationship between those dances and contemporary Bharatanatyam is scant.


Mount Whymper (Edward)

Mount Whymper, 2.844 m, is a mountain on the Canadian Rocky Mountains in British Columbia, Canada. It is in the Vermilion Pass area, Kootenay National Park.

The mountain is named for its first conqueror, the English alpinist, explorer, writer and engraver Edward Whymper.

In 1901, Whymper and his four guides (Joseph Bossoney, Christian Kaufmann, Christian Klucker, and James Pollinger) first climbed Mount Whymper. It was renamed to honour him. Before the mountain was named "Mount Lefroy". Whymper was exploring the area sponsored by Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) to promote the Canadian Rocky Mountains and the railway in his conferences.

There is another Mount Whymper in British Columbia, on Vancouver Island. It is named for Edward's brother Frederick Whymper.

Mount Whymper (Frederick)

Mount Whymper is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia. It is the highest point in Canada south of the 49th parallel. It is between the headwaters of the Chemainus River and the South Nanaimo River. This is north of Honeymoon Bay.

The mountain was named in 1864 for Frederick Whymper. He went with Robert Brown on the Vancouver Island Exploring Expedition

There is another Mount Whymper in British Columbia. It is named for Frederick's brother Edward Whymper.

Stanley Peak (Ball Range)

Stanley Peak is a 3,155 m high mountain (10,335 ft) located in the Ball Range, at the northeastern section of Kootenay National Park, in Canadian Rocky Mountains (British Columbia / Canada). 

The mountain was named in 1901 by its first climber, the English explorer Edward Whymper, after Frederick Stanley, 16th Earl of Derby, the sixth Governor-General of Canada. There are sources that date the namimg in 1912 after Stanley H. Mitchell, Secretary-Treasurer of Alpine Club of Canada.

The peak is visible from the Trans-Canada Highway and Highway 93. Stanley Glacier on the northeast face of the peak can be seen up close by following a hiking trail into a hanging valley between the peak and a southern outlier of Storm Mountain.

Stanley Peak can be ascended from a scrambling route by late summer but involves much route-finding among the many ledges and gullies on the north face. Climbing routes (UIAA III) travel the north and northeast faces.

There are another two peaks in British Columbia called Stanley Peak. One is 2,935 m high, located at the Squamish-Lillooet regional district (), 24 km north-west from Keyhole Falls and 62 km west from Gold Bridge. 

The other is 2,030 m high, in the Stikine region () (90 km north-west from Skagway, Alaska).

Park Yeong-hyo

Park Yung-hyo or Bak Young-hyo (; 1861 – 21 September 1939) was a politician and independence activist during the Joseon dynasty of Korea. He was one of the organizers of the Gapsin coup in 1884. His nickname was Chungo (;), Hyunhyungeosa (;). His real name was Muryang (;). His Japanese name was Yamajaki Eiharu ().

Yeong-hyo was the designer of the national flag of Korea ("Taegukki"; ;) in 1882. Park was married to Princess Yeonghye. She was the illegitimate daughter of king Chuljong of Joseon, the 25th king of the Joseon dynasty.


Keith Thomas

Keith Thomas (born in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American record producer and songwriter. He has won several Grammy Awards for songs he wrote. He currently lives in Nashville, Tennessee.


Promotional recording

A promotional recording (or promo), is an audio or video recording that is released for free. They are released to promote a song that will be released through an album. Promos are sent to broadcasters, such as music radios, television stations, tastemakers, DJs, and music journalists. Recording labels perform this for their artist(s) to achieve airplay, positive reviews, and other exposure for fame. 

Promos are often released in plain packaging. This means that a artwork or text may not appear on the cover. Most promos are marked with "Licensed for promotional use only. Sale is prohibited." In some cases, promos may ask the owner to return the promo back to the record label. However, it is not against the law to sell promotional recordings. There has been recalls of promos, but this is rare and not forced by recording labels.

Because promos are released in smaller quantities than CD singles, they are sometimes considered a collectors item. They are never released in record stores. Promotional recordings, in terms of airplay, can chart on the US Hot 100 Airplay and not the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. This is because, the promotional recordings are not released physically.

Sinai Peninsula

The Sinai Peninsula or Sinai ( "Sīnā"), is a triangular peninsula in Egypt. It is about in area. It is between the Mediterranean Sea to the north and the Red Sea to the south. It is the only part of Egyptian territory located in Asia. This is because the Sinai is known as a land bridge between the two continents of Africa and Asia. There are approximately 500,000 people living there. Egyptians refer to it as the "Land of Fayrouz", based on the Ancient Egyptian "Dumafkat".

There have been several battles in the region. The Sinai has been under the rule by Egyptian governments, including the Ayyubids, the Mamluks, the Muhammad Ali Dynasty, and the modern Egyptian republic. It was also controlled by the Ottoman Empire, and the United Kingdom from 1882 to 1956. Israel invaded and took over Sinai during the 1956 Suez Crisis (known in Egypt as the Tripartite Aggression) and during the 1967 Six Day War. On October 6, 1973, Egypt began the October War to allow the Sinai to be a free nation.

In 1982, after the Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty of 1979, Israel left Sinai. Since Israel's departure, the region became a tourist destination. This was because of its natural setting, their coral reefs, and biblical history. Mount Sinai is a sacred place in Abrahamic religion.



Gauss's law

Gauss's law (or Gauss's flux theorem) is a law of physics. The law is about the relationship between electric charge and the resulting electric field. In words, Gauss's law states that:

The law was created by Carl Friedrich Gauss in 1835. However, it was not published until 1867. It is one of the four Maxwell's equations on classical electrodynamics. The other three are Gauss's law for magnetism, Faraday's law of induction, and Ampère's circuital law.


Wushu (sport)

Wushu is a sport that is originated from traditional Chinese martial arts. It was created in China after 1949. It was created to nationalize the practice of traditional Chinese martial arts. Most of the competitions had influences of martial arts. This was created by government committees. Wushu has become an international sport through the International Wushu Federation (IWUF). The IWUF holds the World Wushu Championships every two years. The first World Championships were held in 1991 in Beijing.

Competitive wushu is made up of two disciplines: taolu (套路; "forms") and sanda (散打; sparring). Taolu involves martial arts routines. These are judged and given points according to specific rules on quality and difficulty of movements. The movements could be stances, kicks, punches, balances, jumps, sweeps and throws. Competitive forms have time limits that can range from 1 minute, 20 seconds to over five minutes. Modern wushu competitors practice jumping techniques such as 540 and 720 and even 900 degree jumps and kicks.

Sanda (sometimes called sanshou or Lei tai) is a modern fighting method and sport. It was influenced by traditional Chinese boxing, Chinese wrestling and Chinese grappling. Sanda has all the combat features of wushu. Sanda is similar to kickboxing or Muay Thai, but it involves more grappling techniques. Sanda competitions are often held alongside taolu competitions.



World peace

World peace is an idea of freedom, peace, and happiness among everyone. World peace is an idea of a world without violence, where nations try to work with each other. World peace could mean equal human rights, technology, free education for everyone, engineering, availability of medicine, diplomats and/or an end to all forms of fighting.

A report in May 2011 on the Global Peace Index, found that if the world had been 25% more peaceful in the previous year, the global economy would have had an additional $2 trillion. This amount would have covered 2% of the GDP per year required to avoid the worst effects of global warming, cover all costs to achieve the Millennium Development Goals, cancel the public debt held by Greece, Ireland and Portugal, and cover the one-time rebuilding costs for the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.

Many religions believe in world peace. The League of Nations and the United Nations were created to make world peace. Many theorists, however, believe that humans were born to be violent and preventing it would not be possible because it is nature. Others have said that criminals do not believe in peace and will continue to commit crimes.


Pyramid of the Sun

The Pyramid of the Sun is the largest pyramid in the ancient city of Teotihuacán. Teotihuacán is about north of the modern-day Mexico City. The Aztecs named the building Pyramid of the Sun, when they entered the abandoned city of Teotihuacán. The original name of the building is unknown.

The pyramid has a base length of about , and its current height is . This makes it the second largest pyramid in pre-Columbian America, after the Great Pyramid of Cholula. Inside Teotihuacán, the pyramid is located between the Pyramid of the Moon and the Ciudadela, on what is called the "Avenue of the Dead". It is near a mountain called Cerro Gordo. The pyramid is part of large complex, which is in the middle of the city.

The pyramid was constructed in two phases. After completion of the first phase, about 100 AD, the pyramid had reached almost its current height. The second phase consisted in adding an altar and a big statue at the top. Neither the altar nor the statue survive. 

Originally, the pyramid was covered with plates made of calcite, which showed images of animals, such as jaguars, but these plates did not survive. 

The pyramid probably served as a temple to one of the deities of Teotihuacán; but the name of the deity, and the nature of the cult are unknown today. 

Graves of children have been found in the pyramid. It is believed that the children were sacrificed to consecrate the building.

Gérard Philipe

Gérard Philipe (4 December 1922 – 25 November 1959) was a French actor who appeared in 34 movies between 1944 and 1959.

Gérard Philipe was born in Cannes, France. He had Czech ancestry from his maternal grandmother. When Philipe was a teenager, he took acting lessons. He done this before going to Paris to study at the Conservatoire of Dramatic Art. When Philipe was 19, he made his stage debut at a theater in Nice. The following year, he performed in the Albert Camus play, "Caligula".

Philipe made his movie debut in "Les Petites du Quai aux Fleurs" (1943). After a few other minor roles, he became famous in his performance in Claude Autant-Lara's "Devil in the Flesh" (1947). Philipe was popular among women because of his looks. He was also liked by his friends. 

In 1951, Philipe married Nicole Fourcade (1917-1990). She was an actress and writer. They had two children. Fourcade was given the name Anne Philipe. She had also wrote about Philipe in two books. The first called "Souvenirs" (1960) and a second biography titled "Le Temps d'un soupir" ("No Longer Than a Sign", 1963).

Philipe was recognized worldwide for his talent. At the time of his death, he was at his peak in his career. Philipe died of liver cancer while working on a movie project in Paris. It was several days before his 37th birthday. He was buried in the village cemetery in Ramatuelle, Var near the Mediterranean Sea.

In 1995, the celebrate 100 years of the cinema, the French government issued a series of limited edition coins. One of which included a 100 franc coin with Philipe's picture. In France, Philipe is known as an important person in that country. In 1986, he was given a postage stamp with his picture on it. There is also a movie festival named after him. There are also a number of school's in France that were named after Philipe. In Germany, he is less respected as an actor. However, a cultural center is named after him in Berlin.

Film

Voice



Turnip

The turnip or white turnip (Brassica rapa subsp. rapa) is a root vegetable. It is found in temperate climates worldwide. Smaller kinds of turnip are grown for human food. Larger ones are grown to feed livestock.

Turnips have glucosinolates -- plant-based chemicals that may help prevent all kinds of cancer, from breast to prostate. Eye health. Turnips are rich in the antioxidant lutein. This keeps your eyes healthy and wards off problems like macular degeneration and cataracts.
In the north of England and Scotland, the name turnip, or neeps, are given to the larger turnips such as the yellow rutabagas. They are called swedes father south.


Carotid artery

The carotid artery is one of the major arteries of the human body. It helps blood flow to and from a human's heart. 
In human anatomy, the left and right common carotid arterie are arteries that supply the head and neck with oxygenated blood.

Irish elk

The Irish elk ("Megaloceros giganteus") was one of the largest deer that ever lived. Its range extended across Eurasia, from Ireland to east of Lake Baikal and China.

The last known remains of the species have been carbon dated to about 7,700 years ago. Most skeletons have been found in Irish bogs. It was not closely related to either of the living species currently called elk "Alces alces" (the European elk, or "moose") or "Cervus canadensis" (the North American elk or wapiti). For this reason, the name "Giant Deer" is sometimes used.

"Megaloceros giganteus" first appeared about 400,000 years ago. It stood about tall at the shoulders, and had the largest antlers of any known deer (a maximum of from tip to tip and weighing up to ).

In body size, the Irish Elk matched the living moose subspecies ("Alces alces gigas") as the largest known deer. The Irish Elk got to a mass of about , with large specimens having weighed or more, roughly similar to the Alaskan Moose. A significant collection of "M. giganteus" skeletons can be found at the Natural History Museum in Dublin.

The size of Irish Elk antlers is distinctive, and several theories have arisen as to their evolution. One theory was that their antlers, under constant and strong sexual selection, increased in size because males were using them in combat for access to females. It was also suggested that they eventually became so unwieldy that the Irish Elk could not carry on the normal business of life and so became extinct. This is simply nonsense, because no species survives that long if it is not effective in its habitat. Also, many other Pleistocene megafauna went extinct within a few thousand years of the end of the ice age. The Irish Elk is no different in that respect.

Larger deer species have antlers that are "more" than proportionately larger. This is due to allometry, or differential growth rate of body size and antler size during development. This suggests that the antlers of the species' ancestors were already large to begin with. Gould concluded that the large antler size and their position on the skull was very much maintained by sexual selection. Although they were ill-suited for combat between males, they were ideal to intimidate rivals or impress females. Unlike other deer, "M. giganteus" did not even have to turn its head to present the antlers to best effect, but could do this by simply looking straight ahead.

Theories about the extinction of ice age megafauna are of two kinds. One is that climate change was primary; the other claims that hunting by man was primary. Probably both causes contributed.

High amounts of calcium and phosphate compounds are needed to form antlers, and therefore large quantities of these minerals are required for the massive structures of the Irish Elk. The males (and male deer in general) met this requirement partly from their bones, replenishing them from food plants after the antlers were grown or reclaiming the nutrients from discarded antlers (as has been observed in extant deer). Thus, in the antler growth phase, Giant Deer were suffering from a condition similar to osteoporosis.

When the climate changed at the end of the last glacial period, the vegetation in the animal's habitat also changed. However, the most recent specimen of "M. giganteus" in northern Siberia, dated to 8,000 years ago – well after the end of the last glacial period – shows "no" sign of nutrient stress. They come from a region with a continental climate where the proposed vegetation changes had not (yet) occurred.

The disappearance of the local populations of Irish Elk is not surprising, because as climate warmed they would be separated from each other by water. The situation is less clear for the Irish Elk in continental Eurasia east of the Urals. A combination of human presence along rivers and slow decrease in habitat quality in upland areas presented the last Irish Elk with the choice of either good habitat but considerable hunting pressure, or general absence of humans in a suboptimal habitat.

List of people executed for homosexuality

Many people have been killed for being a homosexual. Killings of homosexuals are only practice in the Middle East and North Africa, where homosexuals are believed to be the reason for famines and other disastrous events. In other parts of the world, homosexuals can be charged to life in prison to a warning from local police. In some countries, homosexuals are given the right to be who they are and are protected by law.


1,112 and Counting

1,112 and Counting is an essay that was written by novelist and playwright Larry Kramer in 1983. It was published in the "New York Native". The newspaper is a gay daily newspaper for the LGBT community. It was believed to be one of the first major essays to be written about the AIDS crisis. The essay begins with the HIV death toll at the time. Many homosexuals did not like the essay. This was because the essay blamed them for the wide spread of the disease. Many others did not like it because Kramer was accused of being a 'self-hating gay man'. This was because of his novel "Faggots" which gave negative views on casual and anonymous sex.

The essay helped influence much of queer writing. It also helped Kramer's reputation as an gay rights advocate.


Adam and Steve

"Adam and Steve" is a phrase that was created from a conservative Christian slogan "God made Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve". It was created to summarize Judeo-Christian bible-based arguments against homosexual practices or homosexuality. The slogan also expresses that heterosexuality is the natural way of life for humanity. 

The phrase appeared on a protest sign as early as 1977. It was mentioned in a "New York Times" report about a November 19 rally in Houston, Texas that year. In 1979, Jerry Falwell helped the phrase to become popular. This happened after a press conference he held for "Christianity Today". Many LGBT people have made movies and plays based on the phrase. Paul Rudnick wrote the play "The Most Fabulous Story Ever Told", which has a gay couple named Adam and Steve. In 2005, a gay movie was released with the title "Adam & Steve".


Latin music

Latin music is a form of popular music played by from Latin America. For practical purposes that includes the Spanish-speaking Caribbean. Much Latin music is accompanied by song (singing) in Spanish.

Latin music is a part of world music, which is the study of popular and traditional music in all countries. Part of the story is also the influence of Latin music in other parts of the world, especially North America.

In discussing Latin music these themes are important:

For example, differences in the music of Peru from that of Brazil are influenced or caused by such differences:

The influence of Europe, and in particular Spain, to Latin music is as follows:

The influence of Africa comes mostly from slaves who originally belonged to the Yoruba, Dahomey and Congo peoples. Its importance in a Latin country varies according to whether many slaves were brought to that country hundreds of years ago. The freeing (liberation) of slaves took place at various times from the middle to the end of the 19th century. In Latin music its influence was:

West of the Andes, the music is clearly influence by the indigenous Indian peoples. The panpipes and flutes of Peru are distinctive, as is their most popular rhythms. In Ecuador forms of the flute occur, but most of the music is influenced by the European waltz (as the "pasillo") and by various Afro-Latin styles from the Caribbean. Chile has the "cueca", introduced in 1824. It was the "most popular air of Chile". Despite this, the influence of the indigenous Indian peoples on Latin music is much less noticeable than the influence of European and African music. There are dozens of folk rhythms which survive, but usually they have had had little or no effect outside their particular locale, whereas the influence of the Spanish and African peoples is seen almost everywhere. In Argentina, the famous tango uses a rhythmical device known as the "cinquillo". This is a syncopated rhythm similar to that in the Cuban habanera. Syncopation and polyrhythms are unmistakable signs of Africa. Argentine music has a number of folk tunes and rhythms of Indian origin, but the tango is dominant and the other rhythms are not.

Lydia Mendoza (19162007), a singer of Mexican descent, became the first American-born Hispanic to record a song in Spanish (1928). Hispanics recording music was rare during the early 1900s. In 1960s, Tejano music (in Southern United States, Mexico), Spanish folk (in Spain), salsa (in Puerto Rico), cumbia (in South America), and bachata (in Dominican Republic) were the most popular forms of Latin music at the time.

Latin music became very popular in North America and the United States in the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s, especially mambo, cha-cha-cha, Boogaloo and Latin soul. The popular television program I Love Lucy (1951-57) featured the character Ricky Ricardo, who was the bandleader of a Cuban orchestra in New York. 

In the 1970s, bolero became a popular music genre in Puerto Rico. Puerto Rican singer Hector Lavoe became one of its important musicians. In the United States, many Hispanics were discriminated against for speaking Spanish. Because of this, many children and young adults favored English music such as rock and roll and tried not to speak Spanish outside of their home. In the 1980s, Latin music started becoming popular again. American music magazine, "Billboard" added several Latin music-categories. These include Top Latin Albums, Regional Mexican Albums, Tropical Albums and the Latin Pop Albums chart. Because of this, younger generations became interested in recording Latin music. During the late 1980s, freestyle music became a popular Latin music genre. Freestyle music was rarely recorded in Spanish.

In the 1990s, artists including Selena, Gloria Estefan, Luis Miguel, and Thalía became popular in this decade. They helped Latin music and recording Latin music popular for young children and adults. Selena became the most popular Latin artist of the United States in 1995, when she was murdered at 23. She became the first and only Latin artist to peak an album that contained mostly Spanish music at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. At the time of her death, she was competing with Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson with her album "Dreaming of You" (1995) which sold 3,000,000 copies its first year. Enrique Iglesias, Shakira, Marc Anthony, Ricky Martin, and Jennifer Lopez became popular in the mid and late 1990s.

In the 2000s, Latin music began to see a decrease of music sales. Tejano music became less popular, although the "Queen of Tejano music", Selena became the "Top Latin Artist of the Decade" by "Billboard" magazine in 1999. Shakira, Ricky Martin, and Jennifer Lopez continued to become more popular and had number one singles and albums in the "Billboard" 200. Marc Anthony, Aventura, Don Omar, and Enrique Iglesias remained popular in the Latin scene. In the 2010s, Prince Royce, Pitbull, Romeo Santos, and Wisin & Yandel became popular during this decade. Jennifer Lopez, Ricky Martin, and Shakira crossover into English music with some Spanish releases. In the 2010s, bachata music became popular because of Prince Royce and Romeo Santos. As of 2012, Selena remains the best-selling Latin artist with 60,000,000 copies sold worldwide. Jennifer Lopez is second with 55,000,000 copies sold worldwide.

Usher (album)

Usher is the debut album by American singer Usher. It was released on August 30, 1994 on LaFace Records.

The album reached number 167 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It was given positive reviews from music critics.

Sample credits


My Way (Usher album)

My Way is the second studio album by American singer Usher. It was released by LaFace Records on September 16, 1997. The album had three singles "Nice & Slow", "My Way" and "You Make Me Wanna...".

The album debuted at number 15 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 66,000 copies the first week. It also debuted at number four on the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. It reached number one for three weeks. "My Way" was then certified 6x Platinum for shipping 6,000,000 copies in the United States. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award. It also became his "breakthrough album". Many music critics gave positive reviews for the album.



8701

8701 is the third studio album by American singer Usher. It was released by Arista Records on August 7, 2001.

Recording the album took place in 2000 and 2001. The album debuted at number four on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 210,000 copies the first week. In 18 weeks it sold 1,940,000 copies.

It has sold 4,700,000 copies in the United States. The album has sold over 8,000,000 copies worldwide. It was certified 4x Platinum by the RIAA. It reached number one on the UK Albums Chart and the Canadian Albums Chart. In Australia, it was certified 2x Platinum and Platinum by the BPI.

The album was given positive reviews from music critics. Many liked Usher's "matured voice" and the instruments Usher used to record the songs.

Credits for "8701" from Allmusic.


Confessions (Usher album)

Confessions is the fourth studio album by American singer Usher. It was released on March 23, 2004 from Arista Records. The album was recorded between 2003 and 2004. It was produced by Jermaine Dupri, Jimmy Jam, Terry Lewis, and Lil Jon. "Confessions" is an R&B album with some hip hop and crunk styles. The album's theme had controversy. This was because of Usher's personal relationship. Producer, Jermaine Dupri later said that the album is about Usher's personal story.

The album was a success in the United States. It sold 1,095,000 copies the first week. It continued to sell more copies because of its four singles. A special edition version was released. It had the hit single "My Boo". This was to try and help the album sell more records and to stop bootlegging. Some music critics gave a mixed review for the album's lyrics. However, the album was given positive reviews. The album also won several awards. It won a Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R&B Album.

"Confessions" has sold 10,000,000 copies in the US. It was certified diamond by the RIAA. This means that the album shipped 10,000,000 copies. Many music critics believe the album was Usher's "greatest works". According to "Billboard" the album is the second best-selling album of the 2000s in the US. The album debuted at number one on many music charts around the world. It became the first album by Usher to do this.

Credits for "Confessions" from Allmusic.


Raymond v. Raymond

Raymond v. Raymond is the sixth studio album by American singer Usher. It was released on March 26, 2010. Recording the album happened between 2008 and 2010. It was produced by Jermaine Dupri, The Runners, Ester Dean, Polow da Don, RedOne, Jim Jonsin, Danja, Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis, Bangladesh, and Tricky Stewart.

The album debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 329,000 copies the first week. It sold over 1,000,000 copies in the United States. It was then certified platinum by the RIAA. This means that the album shipped 1,000,000 copies in the United States. "Raymond v. Raymond" released five singles. These include the hit single "Hey Daddy (Daddy's Home)", "Lil Freak", "There Goes My Baby", "OMG", and "More".

After the album was released, it was given mixed reviews from music critics. Many music critics did not like the lyrics and the themes of the songs. Others liked it. The album won several awards. It won a Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R&B Album and Best Male R&B Vocal Performance. Usher went on his OMG Tour in 2011 to promote the album worldwide.

Credits for "Raymond v. Raymond" from Allmusic.




Versus (EP)

Versus EP is the first extended play by American singer Usher. It was released on August 24, 2010 on LaFace Records and Jive Records. It was produced by Polow da Don, Jim Jonsin, Rico Love, Drumma Boy, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, Tha Cornaboyz and Max Martin. "Versus" was the "last chapter of "Raymond v. Raymond"". The songs talked about Usher being a single father.

The EP debuted at number four on the "Billboard" 200. It sold 46,000 copies the first week. It became Usher's sixth top-ten album in the United States. The album released two singles. These include "Hot Tottie" and "DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love". "Versus" reached the top-20 in Canada, top-30 in France, top-40 in Germany, Belgium, and on the Dutch Albums Chart. Many music critics did not like that album was a "pop" album. However, it was given most positive reviews.

Credits for "Versus" from Allmusic.



Sharon Tate

Sharon Marie Tate (January 23, 1943 – August 9, 1969) was an American actress. She was married to movie director Roman Polanski.

Sharon Marie Tate was born in Dallas, Texas on January 23, 1943. She was the eldest daughter of a career army officer. So, her family had to move through various parts of the United States and Europe. As a child, her parents placed her in a beauty contest and she won.

Tate made her movie debut in "Eye of the Devil" in 1965. The movie producer, Martin Ransohoff, made a ten-minute documentary promoting her, called "All Eyes on Sharon Tate".

Tate met Polanski while acting in his movie, "The Fearless Vampire Killers". That movie was a comedy mocking Hammer Horror movies. Polanski married her in 1968. She was also in the comedy "Don't Make Waves" in 1967. In 1967, she was also in the movie "Valley of the Dolls". In 1969, she was in the spy comedy "The Wrecking Crew". Her last movie was an Italian slapstick comedy called "12+1".

On August 9, 1969, Tate was stabbed 16 times and then hanged by the neck from a ceiling beam. This was done at the orders of cult leader Charles Manson. Her unborn son, Paul, also died. The acts (four people were murdered) were done by the members of Manson's group, known as The Family.


Nastassja Kinski

Nastassja Kinski (born January 24, 1961)is a German-born American movie actress who has been in more than 60 movies. She is the daughter of German actor Klaus Kinski. Her movie debut was in "The Wrong Move" in 1975 at the age of 13. She starred in 1976 in "To the Devil a Daughter". She was also in a television episode of "Tatort" called "Reifezeugnis" in 1976. That show was about a teenage girl in love with her teacher. She was then in "Boarding School" in 1976. She was also in "Così come sei", also called "Stay as You Are" in 1978. She won a Golden Globe Award for her role in "Tess". The most recent movie she was in was "Inland Empire" (2006).

At one point she dated Polish movie director Roman Polanski, who she met on the set of "Tess". She had a son with actor Vincent Spano. In the mid-1980s, Kinski met Egyptian movie maker Ibrahim Moussa. They married on September 10, 1984. They had two children. The marriage ended in 1992. From 1992 until 1995, Kinski lived with musician Quincy Jones. In 1993, their daughter was born.


Looking 4 Myself

Looking 4 Myself is the seventh studio album by American singer Usher. It was released on June 8, 2012. The album was released on RCA Records. The album was produced by Diplo, Rico Love, Jim Jonsin, Salaam Remi, Pharrell Williams and Max Martin. It features Rick Ross, Pharrell, Luke Steele, and A$AP Rocky as backing vocalist. The music on the album are "revolutionary pop". This was created by Usher in November 2011. He wants to produce a sound that is similar to the current era of music. This includes electronic, R&B, soul, hip hop, and pop.

The album released three singles. These includes "Climax", "Scream", and "Lemme See". The song "Climax" reached the top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. However, it reached number one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for ten weeks. The song "Scream" reached the top 10 on the Hot 100. Usher promoted the album. He done this by performing in the off-broadway show "Fuerza Bruta: Look Up". He also performed the songs on the album at other shows and events including on "Saturday Night Live", "Good Morning America", and Capital FM Summer Time Ball.

After its release, the album was given positive reviews. Most reviews liked that the album had different music genres. Others did not like it. However, the album debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It sold 128,000 copies the first week. It then became Usher's fourth number one album. However, the sales of the first week were the lowest since Usher's "My Way" album (1997).

Credits for "Looking 4 Myself" from Allmusic.

Managerial

Performance credits

Visuals and imagery

Instruments

Technical and production


Live (album)

Live is a live album by American singer Usher. It was recorded on October 15 and 16, 1998 in Chattanooga, Tennessee. It was released on March 23, 1999 on LaFace Records. The album was released in audio-only and video versions. It was released because Usher's last album "My Way" was released in 1997. "Live" was filling the gap between his albums.

"Live" was given mixed to negative reviews. Many critics did not like the "poor live sound" of Usher's voice. "Live" reached number 73 on the "Billboard" 200. It also reached number 30 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. On the Top Music Videos chart, "Live" reached number 3. The album has sold over 200,000 copies in the United States. Both the audio ans video versions were gold by the RIAA. This means that 500,000 copies of the album were shipped in the United States.

Can U Get wit It

"Can U Get wit It" is a song by American singer Usher. It was the lead single from his debut album "Usher" (1994). It reached at number 59 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also reached number 91 on the UK Singles Chart. The song was produced by Jodeci's DeVante Swing.

US Vinyl, 12"

UK Vinyl, 12", Promo

Think of You

"Think of You" is a song by American singer Usher. It was the second single from his debut album "Usher" (1994). Usher co-wrote the song along with Donell Jones and Faith Evans. It is a sample of jazz singer Ronnie Law's song "Tidal Wave".

The song did better than the single "Can U Get wit It". It reached number seven on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It also reached number 58 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. "Think of You" also got to number 70 on the UK Singles Chart. The music video features Taral Hicks, who Usher is singing to.

US Vinyl, 12"


Complex plane

In mathematics, the complex plane is used to help visualize complex numbers. The vertical line is called the "imaginary axis", and the horizontal line is called the "real axis". Any complex number can be written as "a+bi", where "a" and b are real numbers, and "i" is the principal square root of -1. In the complex plane, you go "a" spaces on the real axis, and "b" spaces on the imaginary axis. The complex plane can also be expressed in the form of polar coordinates, where the size of the line is equal to the square root of "a squared" plus "b squared", and the direction is an angle.

The complex plane can be used to draw the graphs of some functions, called "complex functions", that can be used to study all kinds of things, like cars, airplanes, atoms and electricity. 

Every complex number "z=a+bi" has a complex conjugate. It is written as formula_1 and is equal to "a-bi". The complex number and its conjugate can be represented on the complex plane—as mirror opposites about the real axis.


The Many Ways

"The Many Ways" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released as the last single from his debut album "Usher" (1994).

The song did not do so well on the music charts. It reached at number 42 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart. It did not chart on the Hot 100.


You Make Me Wanna...

"You Make Me Wanna..." is a song by American singer Usher. It was released by LaFace Records and Arista Records on August 5, 1997. It became the lead single from Usher's second album "My Way" (1997). The song was written by Usher and Jermaine Dupri and Manuel Seal. Dupri and Seal produced the song. The song is written in the key of E major. It is an R&B, soul, and pop ballad song. The song's instruments are the acoustic guitar, hi-hat, and bells. 

The song is about a relationship between Usher, his girlfriend, and her best friend, who Usher really likes. Usher uses a pick-up line "You make me wanna leave the one I'm with and start a new relationship with you". The line is the song's hook. The song was given positive reviews. It won a "Billboard" Music Award, a Soul Train Music Award, a WQHT Hip Hop Award, and a nomination for a Grammy Award.

"You Make Me Wanna..." reached several music charts. It was number one on the UK Singles Chart and the US Hot R&B Singles chart. It also reached the top ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100, Pop Songs, Canadian Singles Chart, Dutch Top 40, and the ARIA Singles Chart. The music video was directed by Bille Woodruff. It shows Usher dancing in several colored rooms and backgrounds. It also uses an effect which created several clones of Usher.



Nice &amp; Slow

"Nice & Slow" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released as the second single from his second album "My Way" (1997). It became his first number one single on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It also reached number 24 on the UK Singles Chart. Because of this, "Nice & Slow" was not a success in that country since his single "You Make Me Wanna..." reached number one.

It also became the last single from Usher's "My Way" album. It was written by Brian & Brandon Casey of Jagged Edge, Manuel Seal, Jermaine Dupri, and Usher. The music video for the song featured Kimora Lee Simmons.

UK CD: 1


US CD:2

UK CD: 2


My Way (Usher song)

"My Way" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from the album of the same name in 1998. It features Jermaine Dupri as backing vocalist. The song peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for 2 consecutive weeks, from August 22 to August 29, 1998. The song did not reach number one because of Brandy Norwood and Monica's single "The Boy Is Mine". Because "Nice & Slow" was not successful in the UK, "My Way" was not released as a single there.


Bedtime (song)

"Bedtime" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from his album "My Way" (1997) in 1998. It became the fourth and last single to be released from that album. "Bedtime" was released as a promotional recording. It reached number 66 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.


Pop Ya Collar

"Pop Ya Collar" is a song by American singer Usher. It became a lead single from "8701" (2001). The song was leaked on the Internet as part of "All About U", an unreleased album by Usher.

The song reached number 60 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It was more successful in the United Kingdom where it reached number two on the UK Singles Chart. The song was about an upturned collar. It then became a popular culture "buzzword" at the time.

The catchphrase (or slang) helped the song to be released by other artists. These include "Pop Yo Collar" by MC Hammer (2000) and "Poppin' My Collar" by Three 6 Mafia (2006). However, the word originally came from the Bay Area artist E-40. Hammer's version (featuring Wee Wee) helped make "The Phat Daddy Pop", "In Pop Nito", "River Pop", "Deliver The Pop" and "Pop'n It Up" dance moves.

UK CD


U Remind Me

"U Remind Me" is a song by American singer Usher. It is from the album "8701" (2001). The song reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It reached the top five in the United Kingdom and Australia.

The song talks about a man who meets a woman. He really likes her, however, he does not want a relationship with her. This is because she looks just like an ex-girlfriend who he had a bad breakup with. The music video features Chilli from TLC. The song won a Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance in 2002. This was Usher's first Grammy win. 


U Got It Bad

"U Got It Bad" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from the album "8701" in (2001). It was the second single from the album. It reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It reached the top 5 in the United Kingdom and Australia.

The song was produced by Jermaine Dupri. It was co-produced by Bryan-Michael Cox. The Soulpower remix had more airplay in some countries than the original version. The song is ranked at number 99 on the "Billboard" All-Time Hot 100 Top Songs. It was named the 15th most successful song from 2000 to 2009 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Songs of the Decade.

UK CD: 1


UK CD: 2


U Don't Have to Call

"U Don't Have to Call" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from his album "8701" (2001). It was the third single. It reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It reached number four on the UK Singles Chart.

The song won a Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance in 2003. This became his second Grammy win. "U Don't Have to Call" became the last single from "8701". The song sold 4 million copies in the United States. The music video was filmed in Los Angeles at the Westin Bonaventure Hotel. Kelis is the backing vocalist.

UK CD



U-Turn (song)

"U-Turn" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from his album "8701" (2001). It was released as an international single. This means that it was not released in the United States, where Usher lives. It was produced by Jermaine Dupri. The song reached the top ten in Australia, top 20 in the United Kingdom and Switzerland. It was a top 40 hit in the Netherlands. 

The song was written by Usher, Dupri, and Brian Michael Cox. Cox had co-wrote four of Usher's songs, including hit single "U Got It Bad". The song mentions Michael Jackson and Bobby Brown. It also talks about crunk. This made it one of the first R&B songs to talk about that music genre.

UK CD
"Limited Edition Enhanced 4 Track CD with Poster"

Europe Maxi-CD

Germany CD


I Need a Girl (Part One)

"I Need a Girl (Part One)" is a song by American rapper P. Diddy. It features Usher and Loon. It was released from the album "We Invented the Remix" (2002). It reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It reached number one on the Hot Rap Tracks chart. It also reached number four on the UK Singles Chart.

CD-Maxi

Yeah!

"Yeah!" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released in January 2004 as the lead single from "Confessions" (2004). It was written by Lil Jon, Sean Garrett, Patrick J. Que Smith, Ludacris, Robert McDowell, and LRoc. It was produced by Lil Jon. The song is an R&B and crunk song. It features Lil Jon and Ludacris.

The song was remixed by Tengo Calderón. "Yeah!" reached number one on 20 different charts in 15 countries. It also was given platinum certifications from different countries, including by the RIAA and RIANZ. The song reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for 12 weeks. It became the longest-running number one song in 2004. The single sold 2 million copies worldwide. It became one of the fastest-selling hip hop songs ever.

It was ranked number two on the Billboard Hot 100 Songs of the Decade for 2000-2009. Usher performed "Yeah!" at the Victoria's Secret fashion show in 2008. The song won Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 47th Grammy Awards. It has also been used in the 2005 movie "Hitch" and in the 2009 movie "The Hangover".



Burn (song)

"Burn" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from his album "Confessions" (2004). It was written by Usher and Jermaine Dupri, Bryan-Michael Cox. It was produced by Dupri and Cox. The song talks about a breakup in a relationship. Many music critics believed that it was Usher's "personal struggles". The song won the 2005 Kids Choice Award for Favorite Song.

"Burn" was supposed to be the album's lead single. However, because many critics liked the song "Yeah!", it was released second. It was released in July 2004 as the second single. It reached a lot of music charts worldwide. It reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. At the time, "Yeah!" was still at number one. "Burn" replaced it. It stayed on the chart for eight weeks. 

"Burn" was certified platinum in Australia and gold in New Zealand and the United States. The song was given positive reviews. It won several awards. In 2009, it was named the 21st most successful song of the 2000s. It was included on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Songs of the Decade.

Lovers &amp; Friends

"Lovers and Friends" is a song by American hip hop group Lil Jon & The East Side Boyz. It was released in November 2004. It was released as the last single from their album "Crunk Juice". It features Usher and Ludacris. The song reached number three on the Hot 100 chart. "Lovers & Friends" was a sample of Michael Sterling's song. 

Confessions Part II

"Confessions Part II" is a song by American singer Usher. It was produced by Jermaine Dupri and Bryan-Michael Cox. It was released for his album, "Confessions" (2004). It was written by Usher, Dupri and Cox. The song is about a confession of a man to his woman. His girlfriend told him that she is three months pregnant and that she is keeping the child. This gives stress to the guy because he does not want a child at the moment. 

Music critics started rumors that Usher might become a father. However, he told the press that the inspiration for the song came from friends who went through similar experiences. Music critics gave mixed reviews on the song. It was released as the third single from the album. It reached number one on the Hot 100 for two weeks. It became Usher's third number one single.



Keith Sweat

Keith Sweat (born 22 July 1961) is an American rhythm & blues singer. Many of his songs came out during the new jack swing era (1984 – 1996). He is from New York City. His songs include "I Want Her", "Make it Last Forever", and "Merry Go Round".

My Boo

"My Boo" is a duet by American singers Usher and Alicia Keys. It was written by Usher, Keys, Jermaine Dupri, Adonis Shropshire, and Manuel Seal. It was produced by Dupri. The song is a hip hop track. It was included in the re-release of "Confessions" (2004). It was given positive reviews and won several awards.

The song was released as the album's fourth single in 2004. The single stayed on top of the Billboard Hot 100 for six weeks. This became the third most-successful single from the album after "Yeah!" and "Burn". It was also ranked as the 36th biggest song of the 2000-2009 decade in the US.



Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired

Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired is a movie documentary about movie maker Roman Polanski and his 1977 trial where he admitted to having unlawful sexual relations with a 13 year old girl in California. The movie questions whether or not Polanski received a fair trial. It was produced by Marina Zenovich.

Church of Saint Michael, Vienna

St. Michael's Church () is a church in Vienna, Austria. It is a Roman Catholic church and is one of the oldest churches in the city. The church is named after Saint Michael, an important angel for Roman Catholics. It was built between 1220 and 1240 in the Romanesque style. 

Many changes have been made to the church over the years, both inside and outside. The steeple was added in the 16th century. The church's facade (the outside front of the building) was changed to a neo-classical style in 1792. The facade has not changed since then. 

There is a large statue of St. Michael on top of the front door of the church. Inside the church, the altarpiece has a large sculpture by Lorenzo Mattielli (1688 – 1748). The sculpture shows Saint Michael sending the bad angels out of Heaven. Below the sculpture, there are statues of two angels holding a picture of the Virgin Mary. 

This church is very near to the Hofburg Palace, the palace of the Holy Roman Emperors. St. Michael's was the parish church of the Emperors and their families. Many famous people are buried in the church. One of them is the Italian poet, Pietro Metastasio. The church has a very large pipe organ. Parts of the organ are covered with gilt (thin sheets of gold). The famous composer, Joseph Haydn, played this organ when he was a very young man. In 1791, parts of Mozart's "Requiem" (music set to the words of the Requiem Mass) were performed for the very first time in St. Michael's Church. They were performed in memory of Mozart by the singers and musicians who worked with him in Vienna. 

Western diamondback rattlesnake

The western diamondback rattlesnake ("Crotalus atrox") is a species of venomous rattlesnake found in the deserts of the United States of America and Mexico. The western diamondback rattlesnake is responsible for most of the snakebites in northern Mexico and the U.S.A. There are currently no subspecies found.

Adult western diamondback rattlesnakes usually grow up to the length of 120 cm (3.9 ft), but some grow up to the length of 150 cm (4.9 ft) and 180 cm (5.9 ft). The longest ever found was 213 cm (6.99 ft) long. Males are much larger than females, but they become larger when they mature. These rattlesnakes usually weigh about 1.8 to 2.7 kg (4.0 to 6.0 Ib), but some can weigh 6.7 kg (15 Ib).They are usually gray-brown in color, but some are pinkish brown, or brick red. It is then covered with dark gray-brown blotches and white stripes.

The western diamondback rattlesnake is also known as the "adobe snake", the "Arizona diamond rattlesnake", the "coon-tail snake", the "desert diamondback snake", the "spitting rattlesnake", the "Texan snake", and the "Texas diamondback rattlesnake".

In the U.S.A, the western diamondback rattlesnake is found in central and western Arkansas, Oklahoma, Texas, southern and central New Mexico, southern and central Arizona, southern Nevada, and southeastern California. In Mexico it is found in Nuevo Leòn, Coahuila, Chihuahua, Sonora, northeastern Baja California, northern Sinaloa, northeastern Durango, Zacatecas, San Luis Potosì, northern Veracruz, Hidalgo,and Querètaro. Some have been found on islands in the Gulf of California, like San Pedro Màtir, Santa Marìa, and Tìburon.

The western diamondback rattlesnake is found in deserts, grasslands, pink-oak forests, coastal plains, and rocky canyons of the U.S.A and Mexico.

Western diamondback rattlesnakes are one of the most aggressive rattlesnakes in North America, and usually coils and rattles when threatened.
In the winters they hibernate in caves and burrows with other snake species. They are very poor climbers. 

Around 94% of a western diamondback rattlesnake's diet is made up of small mammals like the prairie dog, the kangaroo rat, the pocket gopher, the vole, the wood rat, the pocket mouse, the white-footed mouse, the harvest mouse, the ground squirrel, the rabbit and moles. They also eat lizards and birds. Some of the birds they eat are the mockingbirds, burrowing owls, black-throated sparrows, and the eastern meadowlark. The lizards they eat are the whiptail liazards, spiny lizards, Texas banded gecko, and the side-blotched lizard. They also eat insects like the ant, beetle, and grasshopper. They usually hunt in the early morning or at night. 
The western diamondback rattlesnake is eaten by coyotes, foxes, and hawks.

The western diamondback rattlesnake is, like all rattlesnakes, viviparous. A female is pregnant for around six to seven mouths before giving birth to her young. The young only stay with their mother for a few hours before leaving on their own to go and hunt. They mate in spring and the female gives birth to around 12 to 25 young at a time. When they are born they are around 30 cm (12 in) long. Young western diamondback rattlesnakes have a venomous bite from the moment they are born. Western diamondback rattlesnakes live for around 20 years.

Second Alcibiades

Second Alcibiades (also called Alcibiades II or Alcibiades minor) is a text in Ancient Greek. It is a dialogue. Originally, it was attributed to Plato, but today it is thought Plato was not the author. In the dialogue, Socrates talks to the young Alcibiades. Alcibiades later became a successful statesman and general. The two people talk about philosophical aspects of prayer. The starting point of the question is how prayer should be performed correctly, and what to pray for.

High-functioning autism

High-functioning autism (HFA) is an informal term given to autistic people who do not have an intellectual disability, but may exhibit difficulties in in communication, recognising emotions, and social interaction. The overlap between HFA and Asperger syndrome is subject to controversy; both are autism spectrum conditions.

Many medical professionals, autistic people, and supporters of autistic rights disagree with the use of "functioning" labels, as many "high-" or "low-functioning" autistic people may be able to function differently at different times. "Autism with/without intellectual disability" is preferred.

Caught Up

"Caught Up" is a song by American singer Usher. It was written by Ryan Toby, Andre Harris, Vidal Davis and Jason Boyd. The song was produced by Dre & Vidal. It was released from his album called "Confessions" (2004).


Same Girl

"Same Girl" is a song by American singer R. Kelly. It was written by R. Kelly, Ronnie Jackson and J. Smith. It was produced by Lil' Ronnie and R. Kelly. The song was released on May 29, 2007. However, it was leaked onto the Internet on May 2. The song was released as a single from his album "Double Up" (2007). The song features Usher. "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked the song number 26 on their list of 100 Best Songs of 2007.


Rett syndrome

Rett syndrome is an almost entirely female based disorder which affects girls. This condition is a neurological disorder which involves the brain's grey matter. The clinical features include small hands and feet. People with Rett syndrome also have scoliosis. They might also have cognitive impairment.

Love in This Club

"Love in This Club" is a song by American singer Usher. It features rapper Young Jeezy. It was released as a lead single from Usher's album "Here I Stand" (2008). It was written by Usher, Polow da Don, Young Jeezy, Darnell Dalton, Ryon Lovett, Lamar Taylor and Keith Thomas. It was produced by da Don. The song's beat is synthpop. The song is about wanting to have sex in a nightclub.

The song was given mixed reviews. Many liked the song's production. However, others did not like that it was a "slow song". Some believed that the song was not "original". "Love in This Club" reached number one on the US Hot 100 chart. The music video was nominated at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards. R&B singer Keri Hilson is featured on the video. She is Usher's crush in the nightclub. A remix of the song called "Love in This Club Part II", features Beyoncé and Lil Wayne.





Moving Mountains (song)

"Moving Mountains" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released on May 23, 2008. It became the third single from his album "Here I Stand" (2008). It was written by Usher, Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, Kuk Harrell and The-Dream. It was produced by Stewart and The-Dream. "Moving Mountains" is a slow tempo ballad. The song is about relationship problems. The song was given positive reviews from music critics. Many compared it to his 2004 single "Burn".

The song reached number 67 on the US Hot 100 chart. The music video was filmed in front of a green screen. It was a sequel to the video for "Love in This Club".





What's Your Name

"What's Your Name" is a song by American singer Usher. It features will.i.am. It was written by Usher, will.i.am and Toby Gad. It was produced by Gad. It was released on August 18, 2008. It was the fourth single from the album, "Here I Stand" (2008).

"What's Your Name" is a mid-tempo song. It is a electronic dance, New Wave, and snythpop song. The song was given mixed reviews from music critics. Many liked the song's beat. Other believed it was the worst song from "Here I Stand". The song reached the Australian Singles Chart and the Canadian Hot 100.



Trading Places (song)

"Trading Places" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released on October 17, 2008. It became the fifth and prev_title from his album "Here I Stand" (2008). Usher wrote the song with The-Dream and Carlos "Los Da Mystro" McKinney. It was produced by McKinney. The song is a slow-tempo song. It is an R&B and hip-hop song. The song talks about men trading roles with women in a relationship.




Spotlight (Gucci Mane song)

"Spotlight" is a song by American rapper Gucci Mane. It was the second single from his album "The State vs. Radric Davis" (2009). The song features Usher. It was released on October 19, 2009. It was produced by Polow Da Don.


Fed Up

"Fed Up" is the a song by DJ Khaled. It was released on March 2, 2010. It became his first single from his album "Victory" (2010). The song features Usher, Young Jeezy, Rick Ross and Drake.

Hey Daddy (Daddy's Home)

"Hey Daddy (Daddy's Home)" is a song by American singer Usher. It was the lead single from his album "Raymond v. Raymond" (2010). It was written by Rico Love, Usher, Plies and The Runners. It was produced by the Love and The Runners. 


Source 


Lil Freak

"Lil Freak" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released as the second single from his album "Raymond v. Raymond" (2010). The song features Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj. It was written by Minaj, Usher, Ester Dean, Blac Elvis and Polow da Don. It samples American soul singer Stevie Wonder's 1973 hit, "Living for the City". "Lil Freak" was released on March 2, 2010.

OMG (Usher song)

"OMG" is a song by American singer Usher. It features will.i.am who produced the song. The song uses auto-tune. It was released on March 22, 2010. It became the fourth single from his album "Raymond v. Raymond" (2010). The song was given mixed reviews from music critics. Many did not like that the song used auto-tune. Other liked that the song had dance and club music to it.

"OMG" reached number one in charts in Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States. This gave Usher his ninth number one song in the US. He then became the first artist to have number one songs in three decades (1990s, 2000s, and 2010s). The song sold 3.8 million copies in the US. It sold 6.9 million copies worldwide.



There Goes My Baby

"There Goes My Baby" is a song by American singer Usher. It was written by James Scheffer, Frank Romano, Danny Morris, and Rico Love. It was produced by Love and Jim Jonsin. It was released as a promotional recording for "Raymond v. Raymond" (2010). It was released on February 9, 2010. The song won a Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance, at the 53rd Grammy Awards in 2011.


DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love

"DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love" is a song by American singer Usher. It features rapper Pitbull. It was written by Savan Kotecha, Pitbull, Shellback and Max Martin. While Martin produced the song. It was released as the first single from "Versus" (2010). It was released as a digital download on July 13, 2010.




Hot Tottie

"Hot Tottie" is a song by American singer Usher. It was written by Usher, Ester Dean, Jay-Z and Polow da Don. It was produced by Don. It features rapper Jay-Z and Ester Dean in the song. It was released as the second single from "Versus" (2010). It was released on August 9, 2010. It samples Big Tymers' "Big Ballin'" song.

Opel Calibra

Opel Calibra is a car produced by Opel between 1990 and 1997. It was sold as a Vauxhall in the United Kingdom. 


More (song)

"More" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from his album "Raymond v. Raymond" (2010). It was written by Charles Hinshaw, Usher and RedOne. It was produced by RedOne. It was released on March 16, 2010. It became the third promotional recording for the album.

Dirty Dancer

"Dirty Dancer" is a song by Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias. It features American singer Usher. It was released for Iglesias' album "Euphoria" (2010). It was also included on Usher's "Versus" EP (2010). 



Indore

Indore is a city in the state of Madhya Pradesh in India. It is the largest city in Madhya Pradesh. It is 190 km away from Bhopal, which is the capital city of Madhya Pradesh.

The lifestyle of people of Indore is similar to Mumbai and also Indore is a rich city like Mumbai. So, Indore is also called "Mini Mumbai" (small Mumbai).

Promise (song)

"Promise" is a song by Dominican-Puerto Rican singer Romeo Santos. It features American singer Usher. It was released from Santo's album "Formula, Vol. 1" (2011). It was written by Rico Love. It was released as the second single. "Promise" is a Latin pop song.


Without You (David Guetta song)

"Without You" is a song by French DJ David Guetta. It features American singer Usher. It was released as the third single from Guetta's album "Nothing but the Beat" (2011). It was released on October 21, 2011 as a digital download. It was written by Usher, Taio Cruz, Rico Love, David Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort and Frédéric Riesterer. It was produced by Guetta, Tuinfort, Riesterer and Black Raw.

Old World monkey

The Old World monkeys or Cercopithecidae are a group of primates which are native to Africa and Asia today.

The Old World monkeys live in a range of environments from tropical rain forest to savanna, shrubland and mountainous terrain. They are also known from Europe in the fossil record. A (possibly introduced) free-roaming group of monkeys still survives in Gibraltar (Europe) to this day. Old World monkeys include many of the most familiar species of nonhuman primates, such as baboons and macaques.

Old World monkeys are medium to large in size, and range from arboreal forms, such as the Colobus, to fully terrestrial forms, such as the baboons. The smallest is the talapoin, with a head and body 34–37 cm in length, and weighing between 0.7 and 1.3 kilograms, while the largest is the male mandrill at around 70 cm in length, and weighing up to 50 kilograms (the females are much smaller).

By appearance, Old World monkeys are unlike apes in that most have tails (the family name means "tailed ape"), and unlike the New World monkeys in that their tails are never prehensile (used for holding on).

In most species, daughters remain with their mothers for life, so that the basic social group among Old World monkeys is a matrilineal troop (led by the dominant female). Males leave the group on reaching adolescence, and find a new troop to join. In many species, only a single adult male lives with each group, driving off all rivals, but others are more tolerant, establishing relationships between dominant and subordinate males. Group sizes are highly variable, even within species, depending on the availability of food and other resources.

List of Old World monkey species


Climax (song)

"Climax" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released on February 22, 2012 by RCA Records. It was the first single from his album "Looking 4 Myself" (2012). It was written by Usher, Ariel Rechtshaid, Redd Stylez, and Diplo. It was produced by Diplo. The song is a quiet storm slow jam and electronic song. The song talks about a relationship that is turning for the worst.


Scream (song)

"Scream" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from the album "Looking 4 Myself" (2012). The song was released on April 26, 2012 as a digital download. 

It was written by Max Martin, Shellback, Savan Kotecha, and Usher. It was produced by Max Martin and Shellback. This was the same group who wrote and produced Usher's 2010 single "DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love". "Scream" is an electropop song. It has dance-pop beats. The song talks about sexual situations. Many music critics called it a "club song". They also said that it is similar to Usher's older songs.

The song was given positive reviews from music critics. Many liked the musical instruments on the song. It debuted at number 70 on the US Hot 100 chart. It also debuted at number 32 on the Pop Songs chart. It then reached number 10 on the Hot 100. The song was very successful in Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom, Scotland, and Australia. Usher promoted the song by performing it live several times. He performed the song at the 2012 "Billboard" Music Awards.




Lemme See

"Lemme See" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released from his album "Looking 4 Myself" (2012). It features rapper Rick Ross. "Lemme See" became the third single from the album. It was released on May 8, 2012. The music video was released on June 14, 2012.

Touch'N You

"Touch'N You" is a song by American rapper Rick Ross. American singer Usher is featured on the song. It was released as the first single from Ross album "God Forgives, I Don't" (2012). It was released on May 22, 2012. It was written by Ross and Usher. It was produced by Rico Love and Mr. Morris. The music video was directed by Chris Robinson. It was released on June 19, 2012.

Celeste Holm

Celeste Holm (April 29, 1917 - July 15, 2012) was an American actress. Her father was Norwegian. She was born, raised and died in New York City. Holm died on July 15, 2012 in New York City from a heart attack. She was 95.

For her role as Anne Dettrey in "Gentleman's Agreement", Holm won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress.


Sri Chinmoy

Sri Chinmoy (August 27, 1931 – October 11, 2007) was a Bengali spiritual master, poet, artist and athlete who immigrated to the U.S. in 1964. Sri Chinmoy wrote 1,500 books, 115,000 poems and 20,000 songs, created 200,000 paintings and gave almost 800 free peace concerts around the world.

In 1987, Sri Chinmoy started the World Harmony Run for international friendship. The run is yearly. In this run, an international running team carry a torch between more than 100 countrys.



Raipur

Raipur is the capital city of the Indian state of Chhattisgarh. The state of Chhatisgarh was formed on 1 November 2000. Before this, Raipur was in the state of Madhya Pradesh.

In this city, many types of rice are grown. So, this city is also called the "rice bowl of India".

Méziane Idjerouidène

Méziane Idjerouidène (born 13 June 1980 in Paris) is the current managing director of his father's French airline, Aigle Azur, since 2008.

Idjerouidène became familiar with airlines while he was young as he spent his holidays doing part-time jobs in the family business before graduating from Toulouse Business School and the French Civil Aviation University ("Mastère Spécialisé" 2003).

Méziane Idjeroudène is also board member at ENAC Alumni.

Bhubaneshwar

Bhubaneshwar is the capital city of the Indian state of Odisha. It is the largest city in Odisha. Bhubaneswar means "lord of the world". Many temples are present in this city. So, it is also called "Temple city of India". It is a religious centre in Orissa from the Middle Ages. It is a planned city of modern India.

In 1948, Bhubaneshwar became political capital of Odisha. Before this, it was Cuttack. Bhubaneshwar and Cuttack are together called "twin-cities" of Orissa.

List of Billboard Hot 100 number ones of 2012

The "Billboard" Hot 100 chart is a weekly chart published on "Billboard" magazine. The Hot 100 ranks the top 100 songs by total CD sales, airplay and digital downloads.


Sexy and I Know It

"Sexy and I Know It" is a song by American duo LMFAO. It was released from the album "Sorry for Party Rocking" (2011). It was released as the third single on September 16, 2011. It was written by Stefan Kendal Gordy, GoonRock, Erin Beck, George M. Robertson and Kenneth Oliver. It was produced by Party Rock. 

The song reached number one on the US Hot 100 chart. It stood at number one for two weeks. The song became the group's second number one song. They became the second group to do this. The first was OutKast with "Hey Ya!" (2003) and "The Way You Move" (2004). "Sexy and I Know It" reached number one in Australia, Canada and New Zealand. The song was featured in the fifth season of "Gossip Girl". The song was covered in "Glee".




We Found Love

"We Found Love" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released from her album "Talk That Talk" (2011). It features Scottish DJ Calvin Harris. Harris also released the song on his album "18 Months" (2012). The song was released as the lead single from "Talk That Talk". It was released on September 22, 2011. "We Found Love" is a electro house song. It has several musical instruments. These include synthesizers, alarm bells, and a keyboard. The song is about a couple. They found love in a place where it is impossible to find love.

The song was given mixed reviews from music critics. Many critics liked Rihanna's voice on the song and its instruments. Others did not like the lyrics and Harris' production. "We Found Love" was a hit single. It reached number one on the US Hot 100 chart for eight weeks in 2011 and for two weeks in 2012. This was more than her 2007 single "Umbrella". "We Found Love" became Rihanna's eleventh song to reach number one on the Hot 100 chart. She was then placed third for most number-one singles by a female singer. The song reached number one in 20 countries including Ireland, New Zealand, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It got to the top five positions in Australia, the Netherlands and Spain. However, it reached the top ten in 29 countries worldwide.

The music video for the song was directed by Melina Matsoukas. The video shows Rihanna as a drug abuser who searches for things that gets her excited in a relationship. Because of this, the relationship is no longer a positive one. This is because the woman is now a drug addict, and violence can be found between herself and her boyfriend. The video has received over 779 million views as of March 2018. It was given mixed reviews. Some critics believed the video supported violent sex. It was also believed that the actor chosen for the role of the boyfriend looked similar to Rihanna's ex-boyfriend, R&B singer Chris Brown. Brown had assaulted Rihanna two years before the song was released.

There have been remixes and cover versions of the song since its release.


Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)

"Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)", is a song by American singer Kelly Clarkson. It was written by Jörgen Elofsson, Ali Tamposi, David Gamson, and Greg Kurstin. It was produced by Kurstin. It was released on January 17, 2012, by RCA Records. It became the second single from her album "Stronger" (2011). It reached number one on the US Hot 100 chart for two weeks in 2012.






Fun (band)

Fun (stylized as fun.) is an American alternative rock band. The band is from New York City. It was formed by Nate Ruess who used to be in The Format. After The Format breakup in 2008, Ruess formed Fun. The band has so far released two albums. Their first album "Aim and Ignite" was released in 2009. Their second album "Some Nights" was released in February 2012.

The band became famous for their hit single "We Are Young". Janelle Monáe was featured on the song. "We Are Young" reached number one on the US Hot 100 chart. It became the first alternative rock song to be number one since Coldplay's 2008 single "Viva la Vida". It also reached number one on the UK Singles Chart.



Mariah Carey (album)

Mariah Carey is the self-titled debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on June 12, 1990 on Columbia Records. It reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart. The album has sold over 15 million copies worldwide. Her four singles "Vision of Love", "Love Takes Time", "Someday" and "I Don't Wanna Cry" all reached number one in the US.


Johann Arnold Nering

Johann Arnold Nering or Nehring (13 January 1659 in Wesel – 21 October 1695 in Berlin) was a German architect active in the Electorate of Brandenburg.
He worked for Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg, and Frederick I of Prussia. In his time he created the Linden-Markt, today known as Gendarmenmarkt and most beautiful square of Berlin, as well as Charlottenburg Palace, the royal residence of the Hohenzollern family in Berlin.

Emotions (album)

Emotions is the second studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on September 17, 1991. It featured a more dance feel to it than the pop-soul and R&B of Carey's debut album "Mariah Carey" (1990).


MTV Unplugged (Mariah Carey EP)

MTV Unplugged is the first EP recorded by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on June 2, 1992.

Music Box (Mariah Carey album)

Music Box is the third album by American singer Mariah Carey. It was released on August 31, 1993.

International edition
Latin American edition

Merry Christmas (album)

Merry Christmas is the fourth studio album and first Christmas album by American R&B singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on November 1, 1994. "Merry Christmas" has sold over 5.5 million copies in the United States alone. The Recording Industry Association of America certified the album 5× Platinum.

Georg Christian Unger

Georg Christian Unger (25 May 1743 in Bayreuth – 20 February 1799 in Berlin) was a German architect. He was a pupil of the architect Carl von Gontard and served for Frederick II of Prussia. He created a lot of buildings in Potsdam, e.g. , and Berlin, e.g. at the Gendarmenmarkt.

Daydream (album)

Daydream is the fifth album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on October 3, 1995 by Columbia Records. Musically, "Daydream" features Carey's signature R&B and pop ballads, along with some uptempo dance songs along with the inclusion of hip hop; a genre, that Carey would include throughout her career.

Butterfly (Mariah Carey album)

Butterfly is the sixth album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on September 16, 1997. The music on the album was different to Carey's previous albums as it was mainly hip hop sounding than her standard R&B and "pop-soul" music.

Number 1's (Mariah Carey album)


Rainbow (Mariah Carey album)

Rainbow is the seventh studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on November 2, 1999. The album continued Carey's hip hop influenced sound from "Butterfly" (1997). It would also be Carey's last studio album on Columbia Records.

Notes

Glitter (soundtrack)

Glitter is the soundtrack of the movie of the same name and the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey.. The soundtrack was released on September 11, 2001. It was released by Virgin Records and was released on the same day as the September 11, 2001 attacks. Because of this sales were lower than expected.

Notes


Greatest Hits (Mariah Carey album)

Greatest Hits is the second compilation album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released in the United States on December 4, 2001. It features all of Carey's songs from when she was signed to Columbia.

Charmbracelet

Charmbracelet is the ninth album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on December 3, 2002. It was Carey's first album released by Island Records.

The Remixes (album)

The Remixes is a first remix album by American singer Mariah Carey. It was released in the United States on October 14, 2003.



The Emancipation of Mimi

The Emancipation of Mimi is the tenth album by American singer Mariah Carey. It was released in the United States on April 12, 2005. It went straight to No.1 and was the best-selling album of the year in the US. It was Carey's best-selling album since "Daydream" (1995). Sixteenth months after the album was released Carey announced a tour for the album, "The Adventures of Mimi: The Voice, The Hits, The Tour". The album was nominated for ten Grammy Awards. She won won "Best Contemporary R&B Album" for "The Emancipation of Mimi", as well as "Best Female R&B Vocal Performance" and "Best R&B Song" for "We Belong Together".


E=MC² (album)

E=MC² ("abbreviation of" Emancipation=Mariah Carey²) is the eleventh album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released in the United States on April 15, 2008. The album's lead single "Touch My Body" became Carey's eighteenth number single on "Billboard" Hot 100.

The Ballads (Mariah Carey album)

The Ballads is the third compilation album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on October 11, 2008 and featured mainly ballads that Carey sang throughout the early part of her career.


Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel

Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel is the twelfth album by American singer Mariah Carey. It was released on September 25, 2009.

Sample credits

Merry Christmas II You

Merry Christmas II You is the second holiday album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. The album was released on November 1, 2010.

The Essential Mariah Carey

The Essential Mariah Carey is a greatest hits album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. The album was released on January 7, 2011.

Good Girl Gone Bad: The Remixes

Good Girl Gone Bad: The Remixes is first remix album by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on January 27, 2009.

Rated R (album)

Rated R is the fourth studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released in November 2009 by Def Jam Recordings. Musically, the album is a departure from her 2007 album "Good Girl Gone Bad", "Rated R" features a dark theme compared to her previous albums and features a wide range of genres such as pop, hip hop and R&B. It recorded after Rihanna's assault by her then-boyfriend, fellow R&B singer Chris Brown in the beginning of 2009.

Credits for "Rated R" adapted from Allmusic.


3 CD Collector's Set (album)

3 CD Collector's Set is a box-set by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on December 15, 2009.

Credits for "3 CD Collector's Set" adapted from Allmusic.

Rated R: Remixed

Rated R: Remixed is the second and final remix album by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on May 8, 2010, in Brazil and Europe and on May 24, 2010, in the United States by Def Jam Recordings. It contains remixes from her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009). The songs were remixed by house music producer Chew Fu.


Talk That Talk

Talk That Talk is the sixth studio album released by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on November 18, 2011. The album produced big hits around the world, including the number one single "We Found Love", "You da One" and "Where Have You Been", rapper Jay-Z was featured on the title track.

Credits for "Talk That Talk" deluxe edition:

Leslie Grantham

Leslie Grantham (30 April 1947 – 15 June 2018) was a British actor and convicted murderer. He was born in Camberwell, London. In 1962, he joined the British Army. In 1966, whilst stationed in Osnabrueck, Germany, he shot a taxi driver dead whilst trying to rob him. 

He was convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. He was released from prison in 1977. He began his acting career in 1983. He is best known for playing Den Watts in "EastEnders" from 1985-1989 and from 2003-2005.

Grantham died from a pulmonary embolism complicated by lung cancer in London on 15 June 2018 at the age of 71.

La voix du bon Dieu

La voix du bon Dieu (English: "Good God's Voice") is the debut album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Céline Dion chante Noël

Céline Dion chante Noël (English: "Céline Dion Sings Christmas Songs") is a holiday album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Tellement j'ai d'amour...

Tellement j'ai d'amour... (English: "I Have So Much Love...") is the second album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Les chemins de ma maison

Les chemins de ma maison (English: "The Paths of My House") is the third album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Du soleil au cœur

Du soleil au cœur (English: "Sunshine in the Heart") is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Mélanie

Mélanie is the seventh album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Les plus grands succès de Céline Dion

Les plus grands succès de Céline Dion (English: "Céline Dion's Greatest Hits") is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Les oiseaux du bonheur

Les oiseaux du bonheur (English: "The Birds of Happiness") is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


C'est pour toi

C'est pour toi (English: "It's For You") is the tenth album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Céline Dion en concert

Céline Dion en concert (English: "Céline Dion in Concert") is a live album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Les chansons en or

'Les chansons en or' (English: "The Golden Songs") is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Incognito

Incognito is the 15th album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

The chart is available only since April 1995.

The Best of Celine Dion

The Best of Celine Dion is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Unison

Unision is the English debut album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

Dion Chante Plamondon

Dion chante Plamondon (English: "Dion sings Plamondon") is the 16th French album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

Celine Dion (album)

Celine Dion is the second English album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

The Colour of My Love

The Colour of My Love is the third English album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

Les premières années

Les premières années (English: "The Early Years") is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Jacques Derrida

Jacques Derrida (15 July 1930 - 9 October 2004) was a French philosopher. He was born in El Biar, French Algeria into a family of Sephardi Jews. originally from Toledo, Spain. He developed a form of semiotic analysis known as deconstruction. His work is called post-structualism and associated with postmodern philosophy. He died of pancreatic cancer in a Paris hospital.

À l'Olympia

À l'Olympia (English: "At the Olympia") is a live album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


D'eux

D'eux (English: "Of Them or About Them or From Them") is the 14th French album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

All tracks written by Jean-Jacques Goldman except where noted.

Gold Vol. 1

Gold Vol. 1 is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.


Gold Vol. 2

Gold Vol. 2 is the greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion. It is also the second of "Gold" series.


Falling into You

Falling into You is the fourth English album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

Live à Paris

Live à Paris (English: "Live in Paris") is a live album by Canadian singer Céline Dion.


C'est pour vivre (album)

C'est pour vivre is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

The Collection 1982-1988

The Collection 1982–1988 is a 2CD greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

Let's Talk About Love

Let's Talk About Love is an English album by Canadian singer Celine Dion. It is her fifth album. It was released November 18, 1997. In 1998, it won "Female Album of the Year " at the Billboard Musica Awards.

S'il suffisait d'aimer

S'il suffisait d'aimer (English: "If Love Were Enough") is the 19th French album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

All tracks written by Jean-Jacques Goldman except where noted.

These Are Special Times

These Are Special Times is a holiday album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

The Early Singles

The Early Singles is a greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion.

 Listed as "Ne partez pas sans moi (karaoke version)" on the "Les Hits" re-release.


Au cœur du stade

Au cœur du stade (English: "At the Heart of the Stadium") is a live album by Canadian singer Céline Dion. It was released on August 27, 1999.

1. "Let's Talk About Love" – 7:39
2. "Dans un autre monde" – 4:26
3. "Je sais pas" – 5:47
4. "Je crois toi" – 4:36
5. "Terre" – 4:26
6. "J'irai où tu iras" (with Jean-Jacques Goldman) – 4:06
7. "S'il suffisait d'aimer" – 5:10
8. "On ne change pas" – 6:03
9. Medley acoustique:
10."Pour que tu m'aimes encore" – 5:20
11."My Heart Will Go On" – 5:23

Shirley Booth

Shirley Booth (August 30, 1893 – October 16, 1980) was an American actress. She was born Marjory Ford in Brooklyn, New York. Her long career on Broadway started in 1920. She won three Tony Awards. She starred in both the stage and movie versions of "Come Back, Little Sheba" and won a Tony Award, a Golden Globe Award, and an Academy Award. She played live-in maid Hazel in the 1960s sitcom television series "Hazel". She won two Emmy Awards for her performance as Hazel and was nominated for a third.

Booth was twice married (Ed Gardner, William H. Baker) and had no children. She died at North Chatham, Massachusetts, and is buried in Mount Hebron Cemetery in Montclair, New Jersey.

Ted Key

Ted Key (born Theodore Keyser, August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008) was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known for the single-panel comic strip "Hazel". This comic strip was about a bossy live-in maid. It ran in "The Saturday Evening Post" from 1943 until 1969 when the "Post" went out of business. It was then picked up by other publications. Key adapted the strip to the sitcom television series "Hazel". Shirley Booth starred as Hazel. Key also drew "Diz and Liz", a two-page feature that ran in the "Jack and Jill" children's magazine from 1961 to 1972. He also created "Peabody's Improbable History" for the animated television series "The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show". In 1977, Key received the National Cartoonists Society Newspaper Panel Award for his work on "Hazel".

The Saturday Evening Post

The Saturday Evening Post is an American magazine. It started publication in 1897. Its origins are traced to Benjamin Franklin's colonial newspaper "The Pennsylvania Gazette". The "Post" was famous for its covers by Norman Rockwell and the single-panel comic strip "Hazel" by Ted Key. Contents included short fiction, poetry, and humor. Jack London's novel "The Call of the Wild" was first published in the "Post" in 1903.

Arranged marriage

An arranged marriage is when a couple are decided to wed by people other than themselves. In most cases, this is decided by their parents or other elders in their families, but can also be decided by religious figures, teachers, close friends of the family or others. It is mostly practised in Southern Asian, African, East, and Middle Eastern cultures today, and in East and Southeast Asian cultures to some extent. Arranged marriages are not just an alliance between two individuals, it is an alliance between families. Unlike forced marriages, partners are usually only suggested to the single person in question. They can accept or refuse.

Many people in Western cultures disagree with arranged marriages. It is the social norm in the west to form a deep, emotional bond with someone before marriage is even considered. However, recent studies have shown that although arranged marriages start with a low level of love (using the American Rubin Love Scale), they usually have twice the amount of love as non-arranged marriages within 10 years. Whereas in non-arranged marriages the level of love seems to become less as time goes on.

Eastern diamondback rattlesnake

The eastern diamondback rattlesnake ("Crotalus adamanteus") is a species of venomous pit vipers, found in southeastern United States of America. It is the largest rattlesnake, longest and the heaviest venomous snake in the Americas. There are currently no subspecies found.

The eastern diamondback rattlesnake is the heaviest venomous snake in the Americas, and the largest rattlesnake. The heaviest eastern diamondback rattlesnake ever found weighed 15.4 kg (34 Ib), and was 7.8 ft (2.4 m) long. This eastern diamondback rattlesnake however, was not the longest ever found, for there have been reports on seeing some which were 8 feet long. An eastern diamondback rattlesnake's actual length is usually around 3 to 5 feet long. They usually weigh 2.3 kg (5.1 Ib), but some that have been found can weigh 5.12 kg (11.3 Ib), or even 6.7 kg (15 Ib). They usually are brown, brownish yellow, brownish gray, or olive ground in color. There skin is covered with 24-35 dark brown or black diamond-shaped blotches, which have a lighter center. The belly is yellow or cream in color.
The eastern diamondback rattlesnake is also called the "diamond snake", the "common rattlesnake", the "diamond rattler", the "Florida diamondback snake", the "lozenge-spotted rattlesnake", the "southern woodland rattler", and the "water rattler".

They live in dry pine forests, salt marshes, swamp forests, and cypress swamps of United States of America. The U.S.A's states which it lives in are southeastern North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, southern Alabama, Mississippi, southeastern Louisiana and North Carolina.

Like most rattlesnakes they live on land, and are not good climbers. They have, however, been reports on some eastern diamondback rattlesnake being in bushes and trees, probably looking for a prey. Even though they are not good climbers, they are very good swimmers. These rattlesnakes have been seen many times hiding in mammal burrows. hawks, eagles, and other snakes eat eastern diamondback rattlesnakes.

The eastern diamondback rattlesnake catches its prey by ambushing it. It eats small mammals like rabbits and rats, birds and sometimes lizards. Since of adults large size they can easily attack and eat adult rabbits, there have also been reports on some eating turkeys. Young eastern diamondback rattlesnake eat mainly small rodents like mice, rats and squirrels. Sometimes they also eat large insects.

The eastern diamondback rattlesnake, like all rattlesnakes, are ovoviviparous. A female is pregnant for around five to six months before giving birth to her young. The young stay with their mother for a few hours (up to a few days at most) before leaving on their own to go and hunt for food. Because of this, many of the young snakes die quickly. Females give birth to around 7 to 21 young at a time; they give birth to their young in July to early October. Young are born to be about 12 inches (30 cm) long. When they are born they look similar to adults, but have a small button on their tail, unlike adults who have rattles on their tail.

It is classified as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List. In North Carolina, the eastern diamondback rattlesnake is protected by state law. It is considered endangered inside the state. It may be extinct in Louisiana. Some scientists and conservationists believe it may even be extinct in North Carolina.

This species is currently surveyed for being added to the Endangered Species List by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service because of its recent decrease in number.

The eastern diamondback rattlesnake is the most dangerous venomous snake in North America. While not usually aggressive, it is large and powerful. Its bite has a mortality rate of 10–20% when untreated. The estimated human lethal dose is 100–150 mg. A doctor described one case in which the symptoms included pain, bleeding from where the snake bit the person, internal pain, bleeding from the mouth, hypotension, a weak pulse, swelling and discoloration of the limb that was bitten.

CroFab and Wyeth's ACP are great antivenoms against bites from this type of rattlesnake. But, big doses may be needed to manage really bad cases of envenomation.

List of Leeds United A.F.C. players

The List of Leeds United A.F.C. players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Leeds United A.F.C. is an English football club in Leeds, West Yorkshire.

There were 30+ men on the 2010-2011 team, including

There were 30+ men on the 2011-2012 team. Only some of the names were the same as the 2011 season.

"(Note)" † Symbol - Indicates the player is currently 'Transfer Listed' by the club.



Participant observation

Participant observation is a way of getting information about a group of people. A person doing participant observation will live with a group of people in their normal environment. They do this so they can learn about that groups way of life. One of the uses of participant observation is to understand the world from the point of view of a person from that group. This is done by watching the things they do every day. The product of participant observation is normally a piece of writing about what the researcher has seen. It is called ethnography. Participant observers can live with the group for months or many years. The longer the researcher is with the group, the better the information they learn will be.

In the first half of the 20th century, anthropologists Bronislaw Malinowski, Margaret Mead and Edward Evans-Prichard started using participant observation. It is now the main way research is done by cultural anthropologists.

In Covert participation observation, the researcher lives with a group but does not tell the group that they are studying them. The research is done in secret. This method is good because the people will not act differently than they normally do if they do not known they are being studied. One problem with covert participation observation is that it can be unethical. The subject cannot give the researcher their consent because they do not know they are being studied. 

In overt participation observation, the researcher tells the group of people that they are being studied. A problem with this method is that people may change the way they act if they know they are being studied. Overt Participation Observation does not have the ethical problems of covert observation and lets the researcher watch the people lying about what they are doing.


Ethnocentrism

Ethnocentrism is when a person tries to judge the culture of other people from the point of view of their own culture. Ethnocentrism can look at things like language, custom, religion and behavior.

An ethnocentric person will use their own culture as the basis for judging other cultures. They see their own culture as the best and believe other cultures should change to be more like theirs.

The term was first used by sociologist William G Sumner. He defined it as “the technical name for the view of things in which one's own group is the center of everything, and all others are scaled and rated with reference to it”. (PS this is more exclusive word for "racist")

All people tend to use the values of the culture we were born in. One of the main goals of anthropology is to not use ethnocentric ideas. Anthropologists try to see other cultures from the point of view of a person from that culture . This is also known as "cultural relativism". It is the idea that goes against the idea that some things are always the same in every human culture (human universals). Cultural relativism says that all human action is relative to the culture where the action happens. Anthropologists know that they have to not use the standards of their own culture if they want to understand another society correctly.

Sumner, W.G. Folkways: a study of the sociological importance of usages,manners, customs, mores, and morals (Boston: Ginn and Co., 1906)

Matrilineality

Matrilineality is a way of identifying kinship ancestry through the mother or female line. A matriline is essentially a mother's line, which traces the descent from a female ancestor to an individual. Patrilineality is a way of identifying ancestry through the father or male line. A patriline is essentially a father's line, which traces the descent from a male ancestor to an individual. 

The use of these systems often involves inheritance of names and of possessions and a way of identifying kin. The system of patrilineal descent is usually more common than matrilineal descent.

Roddy Doyle

Roddy Doyle (born 8 May 1958) is an Irish novelist, dramatist and screenwriter. He was born in Dalkey and grew up in Killbarack. He writes about working class Dublin. Some of his books have been made into movies, the best-known of which is "The Commitments", which is the first of The Barrytown Trilogy. He, Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais adapted the book into a movie, "The Commitments"; the three men won the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. 

Doyle is an atheist.

Podarcis muralis

Podarcis muralis (also known as the common wall lizard, the European wall lizard, and the wall lizard) is a fairly common species of lizard, living in Europe, on rocks or wall cracks.

Its small scales have very differenct colours and patterns. Its coloration is generally brownish or greyish. Sometimes it has a little bit of green. The tail is brown, grey or rust in colour. The belly has 6 rows of larger rectangular scales that are generally reddish, pink, or orangish. Common wall lizards may also have dark markings on the throat.

Neurosis

Neurosis is a term used in Freudian psychology. According to the American Heritage Medical Dictionary of 2007, the term is "no longer used in psychiatric diagnosis".

The disorders once classified as neuroses are now considered anxiety disorders. However, these changes are still controversial.

Neurosis may involve:

Neurosis has also been defined simply as a "poor ability to adapt to one's environment, an inability to change one's life patterns, and the inability to develop a richer, more complex, more satisfying personality."

Evergreen clematis

Clematis armandii (also called Armand Clematis or Evergreen Clematis) is a flowering vine of the genus "Clematis". 

"C. armandii" has good smelling 2.5-inch white flowers in spring. Its dark green leaves droop and it serves well as a screen. Its leaf tips may burn badly if grown in salty soil or water. It is native to China. 

Adam Clayton (footballer)

Adam Stephen Clayton (born 14 January 1989) is an English professional athlete. He is best known as an Association football player. He played for the English National Team.

Carlisle United

Middlesbrough

Individual


Distress (medicine)

In medicine, distress is a situation when a person is unable to completely adapt to stress. As a result, the person shows a set of behaviours which are not adapted to the situation. Very often, the person is aware of the situation, and feels bad about not being able to fully adapt. 

People often find ways of dealing with distress, in both negative and positive ways. Examples of positive ways are listening to music, calming exercises, sports and similar healthy distractions. Negative ways can include but are not limited to use of drugs including alcohol, and expression of anger, which are likely to lead to complicated social interactions, thus causing increased distress.

Rupert Murdoch

Rupert Keith Murdoch (born March 11, 1931) is an Australian-American media owner. He became managing director for Australia-based network News Limited after his father Keith died. He is founder, Chairman and chief executive officer of global media network News Corporation (the world's second largest media group). His mother Elisabeth Murdoch died on December 5, 2012.

Mohammed VI International Academy of Civil Aviation

The Académie internationale Mohammed VI de l'aviation civile (AIMAC, in English International Academy Mohammed VI of Civil Aviation) is a public aviation university created in 2000 by the King Mohammed VI of Morocco for aerospace education in this country, like Air Traffic Safety Electronics Personnel training.

The French Civil Aviation University (ENAC) of Toulouse is close to the university by a partnership agreement, in particularly for air navigation courses. In December 2011, the academy has launched with this "grande école" and the "École des Ponts ParisTech" an aviation MBA at Casablanca. The Federal Aviation Administration is also a partner of AIMAC, in particular for the launch of common e-learning courses.


The Call of the Wild

The Call of the Wild is a story about a dog. The book was written by Jack London. It was first published in 1903 as a serial in "The Saturday Evening Post". It was published in book form by Macmillan the same year. The story is London's most popular work and is considered one of his greatest works. 

The story is about a pet dog named Buck. The dog is stolen from his California home. He is sold as a sled dog during the Klondike Gold Rush. Men, other animals, and nature itself treats Buck with cruelty. He survives by adapting to the ways of his wolf ancestors. At the end of the book, he breaks from all human contact and returns to the wild. 

Today, the book is often viewed as a children's story because it is about a dog. However, the book's themes of survival of the fittest, fate versus free will, and civilization versus nature have interest for all ages. The story has been made into movies and television shows. Most have failed to focus on Buck's story. Instead, the focus is on the human characters. 


Beautiful Joe

Beautiful Joe is a story about a mongrel dog named Joe. It was written by Margaret Marshall Saunders under the name Marshall Saunders, and published in 1893. It won a Humane Society competition. The book was a bestseller and directed public interest to animal cruelty. Joe was a real dog, brutally abused by his owner. He was rescued and his story told as an autobiography. Saunders wrote a sequel called "Beautiful Joe's Paradise".

In 1934, Saunders was given Canada's highest civilian award at the time, Commander of the British Empire or C.B.E. In 1963, the official Beautiful Joe Park was named in Meaford, Ontario, next to the house where Beautiful Joe was rehabilitated. A Beautiful Joe Heritage Society was formed in 1994 to preserve Joe's legacy and establish a museum.


Lassie Come-Home

Lassie Come-Home is a story about a dog and a boy. It was written by Eric Knight. It was first published as a short story in "The Saturday Evening Post" on December 17, 1938. The story was well liked. It was made into a book. The book was published by The John C. Winston Company in 1940. The story is about a collie named Lassie who travels hundreds of miles to get to the boy she loves. 

In 1943, MGM made the story into a movie called "Lassie Come Home". It starred Roddy McDowall and the dog actor Pal. The Lassie character became very famous. She was the main character in other movies during the 1940s. In the middle 1950s, she became the main character in the television series "Lassie". 

Uncle Tupelo

Uncle Tupelo was an alternative country music group from Belleville, Illinois. The group was active between 1987 and 1994. Jay Farrar, Jeff Tweedy, and Mike Heidorn formed the band. Uncle Tupelo split on May 1, 1994. Farrar then formed Son Volt with Heidorn. The remaining members became Wilco.


Lassie (TV series)

Lassie is a dramatic children's television series. It was televised on CBS from September 12, 1954 to March 24, 1973. The series is about the adventures of a collie and her human and animal friends.

The show was the brainchild of television producer Robert Maxwell and animal trainer Rudd Weatherwax. They created a story about a struggling midwestern farm family and its dog. Weatherwax's dog actor Pal was chosen to play the title character. Pal had played Lassie in the seven MGM movies about the dog character. Pal made the two pilots for the television series, and then retired. The television Lassies that followed were all descendants of Pal, all were male, and all were trained by Weatherwax.

In 1957, oil millionaire Jack Wrather took over the show as producer. He guided it through its greatest years with his wife Bonita Granville Wrather. The first ten years of the series are set on a farm in the American midwest. These years focus on the relationship between Lassie and a young farm boy. The next seven years are about the dog and her Forest Ranger friends. In the last two years, Lassie lives at a home for troubled children. The show was famous for its "Whistle Theme" by Muzzy Marcellino. The Campbell's Soup Company sponsored the show's entire 19-year run. Spin-off merchandise was produced for children such as comic books, play sets, and clothing. The show won two Emmy Awards in its early years.

The show had a large cast over the years. Tommy Rettig played the farm boy for the first three years. Jon Provost became the farm boy in 1957 when Rettig left the show. Jan Clayton played Rettig's mother and June Lockhart played Provost's. Hugh Reilly played Provost's father. Both actresses were nominated for Emmys. The show had its best ratings during the Provost years of the early 1960s. Some episodes from these years were put together to make a color adventure movie for theatres.

Provost left the show in 1964. A new story was developed that took Lassie off the farm. She became the friend of three Forest Rangers. They all had adventures in America's most beautiful natural areas such as Monument Valley and Alaska. In the early 1970s, new rulings about prime time were handed down by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). These rulings meant that "Lassie" would be moved to the 8 pm time slot. "Lassie" had been shown for nineteen years in the 7 pm time slot. Producers felt that this move would not work for the show's child audience. The show was cancelled. Since the cancellation, "Lassie" has played in reruns and has never been off the air.

Exile (disambiguation)

Exile is to be away from one's home and not allowed to return.

Exile, exiled, or exiles may also refer to:





Mina Salman

Mina Salman is a seaport in Manama, Bahrain. Mina Salman was a natural harbour before the establishment in 1962. It covers 80 hectares. It is the primary cargo port and customs point of Bahrain. The port has 15 container berths. This lets it handle 2.5 million tonnes a year.

The port is named after Salman ibn Isa al-Khalifa, the grandfather of the current King.

Connie Chung

Constance Yu-Hwa "Connie" Chung (born August 20, 1946) is an American journalist. She was an anchor and reporter for American television networks NBC, MSNBC, CBS and CNN. Chung is married to talk show host Maury Povich. They have an adopted son.


Ann Curry

Ann Curry (born November 19, 1956) is an American television journalist and personality. She co-hosted the "Today Show" on NBC from 1997 until 2012. She also anchored "Dateline NBC" from 2005 to 2011. 

Curry was born on the island of Guam. Her father is American and her mother is Japanese. They met while her father was serving in the United States Navy during the US occupation of Japan after World War II.

Meredith Vieira

Meredith Louise Vieira (born December 30, 1953 in East Providence, Rhode Island, United States of America) is an American journalist, television personality and a game show host. She was the host of the syndicated version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire". She was a co-host on the ABC talk show "The View".

Querétaro dusky rattlesnake

The Querètaro Dusky Rattlesnake ("Crotalus Aquilus") also known as the "Vibora de cascabel", is a species of venomous Pit viper found usually on highlands of central Mexico. The scientific name ""Aquilus"" is a Latin word meaning "eagle", referring to the highlands on which it lives on. They are not a very well known species of rattlesnake, but the people in Mexico know much about them.

Adult Querètaro Dusky Rattlesnakes are around 50 centimeters (20 in) in length, but some can be as long as 67.8 centimeters (26.7 in). They are usually green, yellow, dark gray, or dark brown in color, with dark brown or black blotches on them.

They live mainly on highlands of central Mexico, but they also live in pine-oak forests, grasslands and grassy hills and mountains. The states of Mexico of which they live in are Querétaro,Guanajuato, Hidalgo, México, Michoacán and San Luis Potosí.

The Querètaro Dusky Rattlesnake eats mainly lizards, but they also eat frogs and many different types of rodents. Young ones also eat insects.

This rattlesnake is a type of venomous Pit viper, and one bite of it can harm a human. The poison of the Querètaro Dusky Rattlesnake is hemotoxic, meaning the poison effects the blood of a humans body. However the Querètaro Dusky Rattlesnake does not bite many people because it likes to be left alone; it will only bite a person if the person attacks it or annoys it.

Macbeth (1971 movie)

Macbeth was a movie directed in 1971 by Polish-French movie maker Roman Polanski. Jon Finch and Francesca Annis played the main characters. Polanski adopted Shakespeare's original play into a somewhat changed screenplay with the help of British theater critic and Shakespeare expert Kenneth Tynan. Hugh Hefner and Playboy Productions funded the movie. It was screened in New York and opened in Playboy Theater. Hefner was also executive producer of the movie and it was listed as a Playboy production.

Pacific League

The or is one of the two professional baseball leagues constituting Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) in Japan. There are six teams in the league.

In 1949, The league was founded as the "Taiheiyo" Baseball Union. There were seven teams.

In 1980, the name was changed to Pacific League.

After the 2004 season, the Orix BlueWave and the Osaka Kintetsu Buffaloes merged to form the Orix Buffaloes. At the same time, the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles were added to the league.

The team which wins the most games in each year is the league champion or " winner".
Since 2004, there has been a three-team playoff system called the " series". The teams with the 2nd- and 3rd-best records play in the 3-game first stage. The winner plays in a 5-game final series against the top-ranked team.

Each year, the winner of the league championship competes against the Central League champion in the or .



Tom Hiddleston

Thomas William "Tom" Hiddleston (born 9 February 1981) is an English actor. His most famous roles include '' (2017), Jonathan Pine in 'The Night Manager' (2016), Loki in 'Thor' (2011), Scott Fitzgerald, Midnight in Paris (2011), 'The Avengers (2012), and '' (2013). He also stars in '' (2017) as Captain James Conrad. 

Thomas William Hiddleston was born in Westminster, London, to English-born Diana Patricia and Scottish-born James Norman Hiddleston. His mother is a former stage manager, and his father, a scientist, was the managing director of a pharmaceutical company. He started off at the preparatory school, The Dragon School in Oxford, and by the time he was 13, he boarded at Eton College, at the same time that his parents were going through a divorce. He continued on to the University of Cambridge, where he earned a double first in Classics. He continued to study acting at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, from which he graduated in 2005.

Whilst at University of Cambridge, he was seen by the agency 'Hamilton Hodell' in the play "A Streetcar Named Desire" and was signed. Following this, he was cast in his first television role in The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby (2001). Tom Hiddleston won his first film role as Oakley in Joanna Hogg's award-winning first feature, Unrelated (2007). His breakthrough role came when he portrayed the nemesis Loki in the Marvel Cinematic Universe feature film Thor (2011). He reprised the character in The Avengers (2012), (2013), (2017) and (2018).

He has also appeared in Steven Spielberg's War Horse (2011), The Deep Blue Sea (2011), Woody Allen's romantic comedy Midnight in Paris (2011), and the romantic vampire film Only Lovers Left Alive (2013). On television, he appeared on the BBC series The Hollow Crown (2012), in the adaptations of Shakespeare's "Henry IV" and "Henry V". In theatre, he has been in the productions of "Cymbeline" (2007) and "Ivanov" (2008). In December 2013, he starred as the title character in the Donmar Warehouse production of "Coriolanus" which played until February 2014. He won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Newcomer in a Play for his role in "Cymbeline" while also being nominated for the same award the same year for his role as Cassio in "Othello". 

On 8 November 2018, it was announced that Tom Hiddleston would be reprising his role as Loki in a new Marvel limited series centered on the character which will air on Disney's streaming service, Disney+. "Loki" is Hiddleston's seventh time taking on the role, following three Avengers movies and all three Thor films.

Jon Lord

Jonathan Douglas Lord (9 June 1941 – 16 July 2012) was a British rock musician. He was born and raised in Leicester. He moved to London in his late teens. He was a member of rock bands Deep Purple and Whitesnake. In 2011, he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died of a pulmonary embolism at the London Clinic, Westminster, London.






Benedict Cumberbatch

Benedict Timothy Carlton Cumberbatch (born 19 July 1976) is an English actor. His most famous roles include Sherlock Holmes in "Sherlock" (2010–2017), Peter Guillam in the spy thriller "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy" (2011), Stephen Hawking in "Hawking" (2004), William Pitt in "Amazing Grace" (2006), and his Academy Award-nominated role as Alan Turing in "The Imitation Game". He was nominated for another Academy Award for his role as Phil Burbank in "The Power of the Dog" in 2022.

He also played Stephen Ezard in "The Last Enemy" (2008), Paul Marshall in "Atonement" (2007), Bernard in "Small Island" (2009), as Khan in "Star Trek Into Darkness", 

He voiced the character Smaug, and the Necromancer in "The Hobbit" (2012). Cumberbatch played Julian Assange in the 2013 movie "The Fifth Estate," however his most known role is for his role as Doctor Strange, one of the the Avengers from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. He ranked #1 in Empire Magazine's "100 Sexiest Movie Stars" in 2013. He was named one of the most influential people in the world by TIME magazine in 2014.

In 2000 Cumberbatch acted on TV for the first time in an episode of "Heartbeat", and was on the show again in 2004. He began acting in theatre in 2001. He played Ford in "12 Years a Slave". In 2013 Cumberbatch was nominated for Best Performance by an Actor in a Mini-Series or a Motion Picture Made for Television at the Golden Globes. 

Benedict Cumberbatch was born to a family that was already wealthy. His parents were both actors, and his ancestor Abraham Cumberbatch started a sugar plantation in the British colony of Barbados which was worked by slaves. As an adult, he dated actress Olivia Poulet. On 5 November 2014, Cumberbatch announced his engagement to Sophie Hunter. On 14 February 2015, Cumberbatch married Hunter. They have three sons, Christopher Carlton (born 1 June 2015), Hal Auden (born 3 March 2017) and Finn (born 11 January 2019).

Sadaharu Oh

, also known as Wang Chenchih (), is a Japanese-Chinese professional athlete. He is best known as a baseball player and manager.

Oh was born in Tokyo. He is the son of a Chinese father and a Japanese mother. Although Oh has always lived in Japan, he has never allowed a loss of his Chinese citizenship. 

Oh played for the Yomiuri Giants. In 1977, he set the world record for home runs.

Oh retired from playing in 1980.

From 1984 to 1988, he was the Giants' manager.

He managed the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks from 1995 to 2008.

In 2006, he was the manager of the Japanese national team in the World Baseball Classic.

Stanley Williams

Stanley "Tookie" Williams III (December 29, 1953 – December 13, 2005) was an American murderer and co-founder of a street gang, the Crips. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1959, he moved to Los Angeles, California, where in 1970 he stole a car, for which he was convicted and sent to juvenile hall. He and Raymond Washington (1953–1979) founded street gang the Crips in 1971 in Los Angeles. Williams shot four people dead in Los Angeles in 1979 during robberies he committed. The events were caught on film by surveillance cameras. Later that year he was convicted of four counts of first degree murder and two counts of robbery. He was sentenced to death and was executed by lethal injection at San Quentin State Prison, California.

Ballet flat

Ballet flats are derived from soft ballet slippers, having very thin heels or the appearances of no heel at all. The style often features a ribbon-style binding around these flats' low top areas. Some ballet flats are open toed. The essence of the ballet flat has been on since at least the 15th or 16th century. They're worn primarily by women, although men may wear them too. They went out of fashion during the 18th and 19th century, but took off again after Audrey Hepburn wore the shoes in 1957's "Funny Face".

Host (biology)

A host is an organism which provides shelter for parasites. Parasites will live on the animal and may lay their eggs on them.

George Shaw

George Shaw (10 December 1751 – 22 July 1813) was an English botanist and zoologist. Shaw published one of the first English descriptions of several common Australian animals. His book was called "Zoology of New Holland" which was released in 1794. He was the first scientist to examine a platypus. He released a description about the animal on his book "The Naturalist's Miscellany" in 1799. He became the first to do so. In herpetology he described a lot of new species of reptiles and amphibians.


Common name

A common name of a taxon or organism is a name that is generally given by people. A common name is not the organism's scientific name. Common names are used by people to describe something. Some common names are not always used by some people. A common name are also known as a vernacular name, English name, colloquial name, trivial name, trivial epithet, country name, popular name, or farmer's name.

Sometimes common names are created by authorities. They do this so the general public would not have to remember or pronounce the Latin name of an animal. 



Mark Catesby

Mark Catesby (24 March 1682/83 - 23 December 1749) was an English naturalist. Between 1729 and 1747 Catesby published his book "Natural History of Carolina, Florida and the Bahama Islands". The book was the first publication to describe flora and fauna of North America. The book described 220 birds, reptiles, amphibians, fish, insects, mammals and plants.

Catesby studied natural history in London. Catesby collected seeds in Virginia from 1714 to 1719.

Myers, Amy R. W. & Pritchard, M. B. (1998) "Empire's nature. Mark Catesby's New World vision," Chapel Hill & London: University of North Carolina Press 


Webbed feet

Webbed toes is the common name for syndactyly. Webbed feet happens when two or more toes grow together instead of separately. This is common in many birds such as ducks and people with the surname Ivory. It is also common in amphibians such as frogs and mammals such as kangaroos and people suffering from thickness. In humans, it is not normal. It only happens to 3-10 in 10,000 live births.


Outbreak

An outbreak is an event that sometimes cannot be controlled for several months, years, or longer. The word "outbreak" is a term used in epidemiology. It describes what happens when a disease becomes widespread that first thought. An outbreak can affect a small group or affect thousands of people across the world. An outbreak can be epidemic.


Water beetle

Water beetles are beetles who live in water. Water beetles are black, brown, or greenish. They are 0.08 to 1.57 inches long. There are 2,000 species of water beetles. These include whirligig beetles ("Gyrinidae"), Haliplidae, Noteridae, Amphizoidae, Dytiscidae, and Hydroscaphidae.


Santa Cruz, California

Santa Cruz, California is a city north of Monterey Bay. Santa Cruz is about 100 miles (60 km) south of San Francisco. Santa Cruz was first settled by Ohlone Indians, Native American hunter-gatherers. Santa Cruz was colonized in the mid-1700s by the Spanish. They created a mission, (Mission Santa Cruz). The Spanish forced the Ohlones in the mission. Their populations began to decline because of diseases and overworking.

Americans first arrived in Santa Cruz in the 19th century. They were immigrants from Italy, China and Portugal. Around the same time, forestry and commercial fishing were the first industries. There were also diary farming and leather production. Santa Cruz is most famous for their university. The University of California, Santa Cruz was built in the 1960s. The 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake had a major effect in Santa Cruz. It killed five people.

The industries that are present in Santa Cruz are agriculture, tourism, education and high technology. The climate in Santa Cruz is Mediterranean. This means that they have mild summers because of fog. Winters are usually rainy; however, the city has dealt with many droughts.


California red-legged frog

The California red-legged frog ("Rana draytonii") is a semi-aquatic frog. It is part of the Ranidae frogs or "true frogs". The California red-legged frog are endemic to California and Baja California, Mexico. The frog is a near threatened species. It is protected by law.



Cope's gray treefrog

Cope's gray treefrog, Cope's chameleon tree frog, the western common tree frog, southern gray tree frog, or central Texas tree frog ("Dryophytes chrysoselis") is a species of tree frogs. They live in the United States. Scientists think Cope's grey tree frog evolved after the last major ice age. Cope's grey tree frog can live in temperatures as low as -8 °C. Females can lay up to 10–40 eggs. The eggs hatch in four days. When the eggs hatch, they are called tadpoles. Tadpoles become small frogs in 45–65 days. The species name "chrysoscelis" is from the Greek word "chrysos", which means "gold." The Greek word "scelis" means "leg."

This frog is gray or green in color with bright orange spots on its legs. This frog stays in the trees. Its color helps it blend in with the gray or brown tree bark. Human beings only see this frog on the ground when it is time for the frogs to mate and lay eggs.

This frog lives in Ontario, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Missouri, Kansas, Texas, Pennsylvania, Illinois, and Maryland south to Florida.



Reptiles (magazine)

Reptiles is a monthly magazine. It is published in Irvine, California. "Reptiles" magazine is a reptile and amphibian magazine. It talks about keeping and breeding many of their species. The magazine's publisher is BowTie Inc. The first issue of the magazine was in October 1993. It was a bimonthly magazine for one year. It became a monthly magazine starting with its December 1994 issue. The columns such as "Herptological Queries" and "Veterinarian Q&A" have been in the magazine since it was first released. 

Many reptiles and amphibian species have been talked about in the magazine. Popular pets such as the bearded dragon, red-eared slider, leopard geckos, and ball pythons often appear in the magazine. They consider themselves "The World's Leading Reptile Magazine". Their June 2012 issue celebrated their 20th anniversary. 

Nazi songs

Nazi songs were songs made for the Nazi Party (NSDAP) of Germany.

Some songs used by the Nazis are very old, and so these songs are often thought of as to be a Nazi song. An example would be "Deutschlandlied", which was written in 1841. The Nazis used the "Deutschlandlied" with the "Horst-Wessel-Lied". Same with the song "Die Wacht am Rhein", which at that time was almost 100 years old.

The "Horst-Wessel-Lied", also known as "Die Fahne Hoch" (The flag on high), was the anthem of the Nazi Party. The song was made by Horst Wessel, a SA leader, who was killed by a member of the Communist Party of Germany. The song, as with many Nazi songs, is banned in Germany.

"Es zittern die morschen Knochen" was made by Hans Baumann, was a very popular Nazi song. The song was the official song of the Hitler Youth: which is why there are some attacks on the old people in the song. Many Germans know some of the song, but a lot don't know the full song.

Below is the order of how the full song would be sung.


Fiordland penguin

The Fiordland penguin ("Eudyptes pachyrhynchus") is a crested penguin. They have white stripes on their belly and cheeks, and they have a black back. They have bright yellow eyebrows and when they get older they turn darker. They also have an orange beak; big feet and they have small black tails. They are tall and weigh on average , with a weight range of 

They eat fish, squid and krill (small shrimps) The Fiordland penguin’s main predator is seals.
Most Fiordland penguins live in the south-western coast of New Zealand's South Island and on Stewart Island/Rakiura and nearby islands. They live up to 15 to 20 years in the wild. 


Humboldt penguin

The Humboldt penguin ("Spheniscus humboldti") has a plain white belly. It can have a few pure black spots on its belly and have orange with an hint of green. There are less than 10,000 Humboldt penguins in the wild. They are found in Chile and Peru. 

They drink sea water and their favourite food is small fish. A female Humboldt penguin can weigh up to 4.5kg and the male can weigh up to 6kg. Their bodies are adapted to life in water and most Humboldt penguins can live up to 20 years. They get their name from a famous Prussian explorer, Alexander von Humboldt.

They have well dug burrows underground. In the past 100 years their droppings have been used as garden fertiliser. This dung is called “guano”.


Magellanic penguin

The magellanic penguin ("Spheniscus magellanicus") is the most numerous of the Spheniscus family. There are about 3,600,000 magellanic penguins in the world. They breed once a year and lay two eggs of a similar size. They are 70 centimetres tall and weigh 9 pounds or 4 kilograms. 

They are found in the Falkland Islands, South America, Chile and Argentina and migrate Brazil. They are warm weathered penguins and during the warm weather they lose feathers around their eyes. When it gets colder they grow these feathers back around their eyes. They were first seen in 1519 on a voyage (trip) to South America. They hunt for food on their own when they are 60-70 days old. 


Yellow-eyed penguin

The yellow-eyed penguin ("Megadyptes antipodes"), also known as the hoiho or tarakara, is an endangered species of penguin, and the third largest penguin in the world. The penguin gets its name from the yellow stripes on its head. They live and breed on the sea shore of New Zealand and some also in the Antarctic islands in the south. They have a high pitched call which can be heard very clearly.

Yellow-eyed penguins eat small to medium sized fish, red cod and squid. 

They make their nests out of twigs, grass and leaves, carefully formed into a bowl shape. The chicks take 39 to 51 days to hatch and both parents share keeping the eggs warm.


Mononymous person

A mononymous person is a person who is known and addressed by a single name. Such names are called mononyms. In some cases, the person was known by a composed name ("polynym") before, and selected a single name. Today, this is often the case with artists, who select a stage name.

In many cultures, people only had one name. This is the case of Ancient Greece. Composed names were only used to avoid confusion. Both Zeno of Elea and Zeno of Citium were called "Zeno", but the origin was added to avoid confusing the two. In Ancient Rome, people had a composed name which included a clan name and a family name, which did not change. While we refer to Cicero as Cicero, his real name was "Marcus Tullius Cicero". Sometimes he is called "Tully" in English. Other people called "Tullius" include Manius Tullius Longus, a Roman consul, about 500 BC, and Quintus Tullius Cicero, one of Caesars generals. Nero was known as "Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus". 

After the Romans, composed names started to be more commonplace in the Middle Ages. In the Americas, mononyms survived until the early 20th century. Examples include Pocahontas (1595-1617) and Geronimo (1829-1909). Pocahontas married and English settler, and took the name "Rebecca Rolfe" after her marriage.
Royals usually adopt a single name. Sometimes, a numeral is added. That way, Elizabeth I (1533-1603) and Elizabeth II (born 1926) both have a surname, but it is not used.

Similarly, popes select a single name, when they are elected. The current pope is called "Jorge Mario Bergoglio", but since his becoming pope, everyone has called him Pope Francis.

Sweet Grass, Montana

Sweet Grass (also Sweetgrass) is an unincorporated community in Toole County, Montana, United States. It is on the Canada-United States border. It is the northern end of Interstate 15. Interstate 15 is an important route connecting western Canada, the western United States, and Mexico.

In 2004, a joint border facility opened at the Sweetgrass port of entry and Coutts, Alberta. It has both Canadian and American federal authorities.


Crotalus viridis

Crotalus viridis (commonly known as the prairie rattlesnake or desert rattlesnake) is a species of venomous Pit vipers. There is currently only six subspecies recognized, not including the nominate subspecies like the hopi, and others.

The Prairie Rattlesnake usually grows up to the length of around 100 centimeters (3.3 ft). Prairie Rattlesnakes in Montana can sometimes grow up to the length of 120 centimeters (3.9 ft), but the longest ever found was 151.5 centimeters (4.97 ft) long. They are usually light brown in color with some patches of dark brown.

Prairie Rattlesnakes eat mainly small mammals like ground squirrels, mice, rats, small rabbits, and prairie dogs. Young Prairie Rattlesnakes eat amphibians, and small reptiles.

Female Prairie Rattlesnakes are viviparous, and can give birth to around 3-25 young at a time. The young are born around between August and October.

Prairie Rattlesnake are diurnal in cool weathers, and nocturnal in hot weathers. They have a very powerful and deadly venom which they only use if attacked. Like other rattlesnakes they shake their tail to make a rasping sound which warns enemies.

The Prairie Rattlesnake is also called the "Western Rattlesnake", the "Plains Rattlesnake", the "Black Rattler", the "Confluent Rattlesnake", the "Missouri Rattlesnake", the "Spotted Rattlesnake", the <nowiki>" Desert Rattlesnake"</nowiki>, and the "Western Pacific Rattlesnake".

It is also found in southwestern Canada, south to the United States of America, and northern Mexico. In Canada it is found in Alberta, and Saskatchewan, in the United States of America it is found in eastern Oregon, eastern Washington, southern Idaho, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wyoming, Nebraska, Colorado, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, and eastern Arizona, in Mexico it is found in northern Coahuila, and northwestern Chihuahua.

Not including the nominate subspecies, "Crotalus Viridis Viridis", the Prairie Rattlesnake only has one subspecies: the ""Hopi Rattlesnake"" (Crotalus Viridis Nuntius) which is found in northeastern and north-central Arizona, and New Mexico.

Anput

Anput is the goddess of the seventeenth Nome (or district) of Upper Egypt. She is the goddess of the desert and protection. She was the mother of Kebechet.

Harry Judd

Harry Judd (born 23 December 1985, Chelmsford, Essex) is an English pop/rock musician. He is best known as being the drummer in the band McFly. Judd has made a guest appearance in the Busted video for "Crashed the Wedding" as the drummer. In 2003, he won "Strictly Come Dancing". In 2004, he got engaged to his long term girlfriend Izzy Johnston. and is now married to her.

DeJuan Blair

DeJuan Lamont Blair (born April 22, 1989) is an American basketball player. He plays for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He graduated from Pittsburgh University. He also played for the San Antonio Spurs from 2009 to 2013 and the Dallas Mavericks from 2013 to 2014.

Trade creation

Trade creation is an economic term related to international economics in which trade flows are redirected due to the formation of a free trade area or a customs union. The issue was firstly brought into discussion by Jacob Viner (1950), together with the trade diversion effect.

Common coquí

The common coquí or coquí ("Eleutherodactylus coqui") is a species of frog. They live in Puerto Rico. The coquí is an important symbol of Puerto Rico. They are known for their loud calls they make at night. They belong to the genus "Eleutherodactylus".


Mudpuppy

A mudpuppy or waterdog is an aquatic salamander. They belong to the family Proteidae. Mudpuppies make a dog-like barking sound, which is why they are called mudpuppies. Mudpuppies belong to the genus "Necturus". They live in Canada and Midwestern United States.



Tyler Posey

Tyler Posey (born October 18, 1991) is an actor. He is most famous for his lead role on MTV's "Teen Wolf" series. Posey plays Scott McCall, a teenager whose life was changed by a bite he received in the woods.

Bufo apolobambicus

Bufo apolobambicus is a species of toad. They belong to the family Bufonidae. They live in Bolivia and Peru. Their habitat is subtropical or tropical forest. Their population is dying because of habitat loss.


Herveo plump toad

The Herveo plump toad ("Orsornophryne percrassa") is a species of toad. They belong to the family Bufonidae. They live in Colombia. Their habitat is subtropical or tropical forests. They like to live on high-altitude grasslands. Their population is dying because of habitat loss.


Amargosa toad

The Amargosa toad ("Bufo nelsoni") is a species of toad. They belong to the family Bufonidae. They were once considered a subspecies of the Western toad.



Western toad

The Western toad ("Anaxyrus boreas") is a species of toads. They are among the largest toads. They can grow up to 5.6 and 13 cm long. They live in western North America.


Great Plains Narrowmouth Toad

The Great Plains Narrowmouth Toad ("Gastrophryne olivacea") is a species of toads. They belong to the family Microhylidae. They live in south central United States. They can be found in Nebraska, Texas and northern Mexico. They are not "true toads". They are territorial.


Blush (color)

Blush is a medium bright tone of red-violet. 

The first written use of "blush" as a color name in English was in 1590. 



Plains spadefoot toad

The plains spadefoot toad ("Spea bombifrons") is a species of spadefoot toad. They live in southwestern Canada, the Great Plains of the United States and northern Mexico. Like many spadefood toads, they get their name for having spade-like legs. This allows them to dig into sand and soil.


American toad

The American toad ("Bufo americanus") is a species of toad. They live in eastern United States and Canada. There are three subspecies: the eastern American toad, the dwarf American toad, and the rare Hudson Bay toad.

The eastern American toad ("A. a. americanus") is a medium-sized toad. Most of the time, its size is . The biggest one measured was .

The dwarf American toad ("A. a. charlesmithi") is smaller than the eastern American toad. Its size is .

The Hudson Bay toad ("A. a. copei") is a rare toad. Small groups of them are found in north Ontario.


Gymnopis syntrema

Gymnopis syntrema is a species of Caecilians. They belong to the family Caeciliidae. They live in Belize, Guatemala and Honduras. Their habitat is subtropical or tropical forests. Their populations are dying because of habitat loss.



Dermophis gracilior

Dermophis gracilior is a species of Caecilians. They belong to the family Caeciliidae. They are found in Costa Rica and Panama. Their habitat are subtropical or tropical forests. They like to live in lowland forests and rural places. 


Microcaecilia supernumeraria

The Microcaecilia supernumeraria is a species of Caecilians. They belong to the family Caeciliidae. They live in Brazil. Their habitats are subtropical or tropical forests. They like to live in lowland forests and rural places.


Siphonops leucoderus

Siphonops leucoderus, also known as the Salvador caecilian, is a species of Caecilians. They belong to the family Caeciliidae. They live in Brazil. Their habitat are subtropical or tropical forests. They like to live in lowland forests and rural areas.


Boulengerula taitana

Boulengerula taitana (also known as the Taita African caecilian, Taita Hills caecilian or Taita Mountains caecilian) is a species of caecilians. They belong to the family Caeciliidae. They live in Africa in countries like Kenya. Their habitat is subtropical or tropical forests. Many people mistake them for worms. They lay their eggs in foam nest in water.



Sylvacaecilia

Sylvacaecilia grandisonae (commonly known as the Aleku caecilian or Ethiopian caecilian) is a species of caecilians. They belong to the family Indotyphlidae. They live in Ethiopia. Their habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests. They also live near rivers and springs.


California newt

The California newt ("Taricha torosa") is a species of newts. They are also called the orange bellied newt. They can grow to 8 inches (20 cm) in length. They have toxic skin. Because of this, the only predator of the California newt are garter snakes. California newts lives in California.



Sierra newt

The Sierra newt is a subspecies of the California newt. They live in the Sierra Nevada.

Coastal Range newt

The Coastal Range newt ("Taricha torosa torosa") is a subspecies of the California newt. They live in California Coast Ranges and San Diego, California.

Atelopus ignescens

The Atelopus ignescens is a species of toad. It is often known as the Jambato toad or the Quito stubfoot toad. They belong to the family Bufonidae. They live in Ecuador. They were thought to be extinct until some were discovered in 2016. Their habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude. It was believed to be the closest relative of the Carrikeri Harlequin Frog.


Yunnan lake newt

The Yunnan lake newt ("Cynops wolterstorffi") was a species of newts. It was part of the family Salamandridae. It was also known as Wolterstorff's newt. It used to live in China.


William Shakespeare

William Shakespeare (between 26
April 1564 and 23 April 156423 April 1616) was an English dramatist, poet, and theatre actor. He wrote 40 known plays (with about half of them considered comedies) and two long poems in his lifetime. He lived in Stratford-upon-Avon, in Warwickshire, England. His plays are still performed today. He is often quoted in modern writing.

Shakespeare wrote his works between approximately 1592 and 1613. His plays are among the best known in English literature and are studied in schools around the world. Along with writing, Shakespeare also acted in The Chamberlain's Men acting company, starting in 1594.

Shakespeare wrote plays of different kinds, or genres. There are histories, tragedies and comedies. There is a popular myth that Shakespeare was the first person to write a tragicomedy. Tragicomedies were being written well before Shakespeare's birth and baptism. 

Shakespeare's plays are written in poetic language. Many of the plays are set in strange, distant places and times. The stories are often exciting, romantic and happy (in the comedies), or very sad (in the tragedies). These stories make people want to know what will happen to the characters. The plays talk about things that are still important today, like love, sadness, hope, pride, hatred, jealousy, and foolishness.

Shakespeare added new words and phrases to the English language. He created over 1,700 English words. He also made some words more popular. 

Shakespeare was born in Stratford-upon-Avon in 1564. Though the exact date is unknown, historians accept 23 April 1564 as Shakespeare's birthday. He was probably the third of eight children. Shakespeare was probably educated at the King's New School in Stratford. Latin was popular in grammar schools during the Elizabethan era, so Shakespeare learned Latin very intensively. 

When Shakespeare was 18, he married Anne Hathaway, a 26-year-old woman. Their wedding was rushed because Anne was already pregnant. They had three children: Susanna (who married John Hall); Hamnet (who died at the age of 11 from unknown causes); and Judith (who married Thomas Quiney). By 1592, Shakespeare had become an actor and was becoming well known as a writer of plays. 

At the time of his death in 1616, only some of Shakespeare’s plays had been published in single editions. His plays were collected and published in 1623, seven years after he died. There is proof that people in Shakespeare's time thought highly of him. After his death, even his rival Ben Jonson said:

Shakespeare was involved in the building of the Globe Theatre in 1599. (It burned down a few years later.). His plays are still performed at a new Globe Theatre, built in 1997 near the original.

Although Shakespeare was married to a woman and fathered three children, people have questioned his sexuality. Some people, such as Peter Holland of the Shakespeare Institute at Birmingham University, have pointed out that Shakespeare directed some of his sonnets towards young men. They say this is evidence that he may have been bisexual.

About 150 years after his death, some scholars suggested that Shakespeare did not actually write all of the works that are called his. They had various reasons for saying this. For example, the person who wrote "Shakespeare’s works" knew a lot about other countries (especially Italy and France), but there is not enough evidence to suggest that Shakespeare ever left England. Some scholars think he might have traveled to Scotland, because of his great and vast knowledge of Scotland in Macbeth, where the play was set in. Several other writers of "Shakespeare" have been suggested, such as Francis Bacon, Christopher Marlowe, and Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford. However, most scholars believe that William Shakespeare did write the works that bear his name.







Palaestra

A palaestra was a building in ancient Greece. It is the place where wrestling was taught and practiced. It consisted of a large square or rectangular courtyard. This courtyard was open to the sky. It was surrounded by colonnades. Off these colonnades were dressing rooms, lecture rooms, bath rooms, and rooms for storing equipment. Wrestlers practiced under the colonnades in all weathers. 

Palaestras were often near gymnasiums. They were sometimes a part of gymnasium complexes. Most cities in the Greek world had a palaestra. Large cities may have had several. Some palaestras were privately owned. Most were built with taxes. The palaestra was very much a part of the everyday lives of Greek men and boys. Some men felt as much affection for the palaestra they grew up in as modern men feel for their "alma mater". Some men were buried in their favorite palaestra.

A palaestra was a building in ancient Greece where wrestling was taught and practiced. The word "palaestra" is based on the Greek word "pale", which means wrestling. From the sixth century BC through the end of the Roman Imperial age, palaestras were built throughout Greece. The earliest ones were privately owned, but by the fifth century BC public ones were being built. Almost every Greek city had at least one palaestra and some large cities had several. 

Palaestras were often located near or were attached to gymnasiums. The gymnasium probably first appeared in the sixth century BC. Both were often referred to simply as "the gymnasium". Greek historian, biographer, and essayist Plutarch writes that a palaestra was used solely for wrestling and the "pankration", a sport similar to but much rougher than wrestling. Boxing was taught and practiced in the gymnasium. Retired athletes owned and operated small palaestras. Greek males of all ages joined palaestras. Elderly (old) men sometimes had their own palaestras.

Vitruvius was a Roman architect who lived in the age of Augustus. He made a plan for the perfect palaestra in his book "On Architecture". This palaestra is similar to the one at Olympia, Greece, the site of the ancient Olympic Games. Vitruvius' palaestra has a large courtyard open to the sky. This courtyard is surrounded by roofed colonnades.

The yard would have been filled with "skammata"pits where wrestlers and pankratiasts would have practiced. A "skamma" ("dug-up part") was an area where the soil had been turned over and covered with a thick layer of sand to provide a firm foundation for the wrestlers. Because wrestlers may have had to compete in rainy weather, there were two "skamma" in the palaestra: a dry one and a wet one. Wrestlers called the mud in the wet "skamma" "beeswax". 

The wrestlers themselves turned over the soil and sand with a pick axe. This was considered a meaningful exercise and the pick axe became a symbol for wrestling in Greek art. It is likely the wet "skamma" was located under the colonnades to prevent evaporation. Greek physicians thought a mixture of mud and oil had curative powers and a mixture of mud and oil was often used in the pits.

Vitruvius describes single colonnades on three sides of the yard and a double colonnade on the north side. This double colonnade would protect the room behind it from sun and rain. The palaestra was a place for training the body and the mind. This room was the "ephebeion". It was here that young men ("ephebes") would receive instruction on Greek culture. Stone benches would have been set into the walls. 

To the right of the "ephebeion" Vitruvius would have had three rooms: the punching bag room, the dust and powder room, and a room for bathing. To the left of the "ephebeion" would be a room for storing oil, and a group of rooms for a furnace and hot baths. Hot baths were a Roman necessity and were not found at Olympia however. This may have been because of the scarcity of water at Olympia. The baths at Olympia were simple but those at Delphi were large and elaborate.

Vitruvius does not mention the undressing room ("apodyterion") but there certainly would have been at least one in every palaestra. "Pale" and "pankration" were both practiced in the nude. Vitruvius does not mention a ball room ("sphairisterion") either, which some palaestra had. It is not known if this room was used for ball games, storage, or exercise.

On rainy days, wrestling was taught and practiced beneath the two to four roofed colonnades that lined the yard. Just off these colonnades were dressing rooms, rooms for bathing, storage rooms, and rooms for lectures and meeting friends. These rooms were often used for homosexual or pederastic trysts. 

Hermes Enagonios ("Hermes of the Contest") presided over the palaestra. He was depicted on a rectangular piece of marble as a head and an erect penis. Hermes was the god of wrestling and sometimes said to be the father of Palaestra, the goddess of wrestling. In Greek art, a herm often indicates the scene is a palaestra. Statues of Apollo and Herakles also stood in a palaestra.

Wrestling was a highly esteemed sport in ancient Greece. It was less rough than boxing or the pankration, required less space than other sports, and, as a result, was the most popular sport among athletes. References to the sport are frequent in the literature of ancient Greece, especially poetry.

Males of all ages joined palaestras, just as modern men and boys join the YMCA, gyms, or health clubs. Greek men developed an affection for the gymnasiums and the palaestras where they grew up, and some were buried in their favorite gymnasium or palaestra. These buildings could be a center for politics: the plot to free Thebes from Sparta was formed in a palaestra and a revolt against Macedon found its supporters in the gymnasiums and palaestras of Argos. 

Some people were not allowed in the palaestra. These included the "paidogogos"older slaves or grandfathers who led young boys to the palaestra and waited for them near the front door. Others not allowed in the palaestra included girls and women, cripples, alcoholics, craftsmen, vendors (salesmen), slaves or freed slaves, the insane, and openly lewd homosexuals. Death was not unknown in the palaestra. One wrestler fell on a hard surface and died ten days later from chest injuries.

Every palaestra had a number of handsome young men called "prosgymnastes". They waited around offering to wrestle others for a fee. These young men were known casually as "statues". Wrestling one was known as "hugging a statue". These young men were not held in high esteem.

In a place where men, young men, and boys were nude, homosexual interaction was common. The authorities tried unsuccessfully to curb it. Greek vase paintings of males in the palaestra show teens goosing each other or older males offering love gifts such as hares to teens. In "Lysis", the Athenian philosopher Sokrates is pulled into a palaestra by a group of teenagers. They tell him that one of their number is in love with another. Most Greek males considered a homosexual relationship a positive palaestra experience. Archaeologist Stephen Miller writes that Eros was worshipped as much as Hermes and Herakles in the palaestra.


Black-tailed rattlesnake

The Black-tailed rattlesnake ("Crotalus Molossus") is a species of venomous Pit vipers, found in southwestern United States of America and Mexico. There are currently three subspecies recognized.

Most Black-tailed rattlesnakes grow to the length of . They can be as long as . Females are said to be larger than males.

The Black-tailed rattlesnake is olive green, yellow, brown, or black in color. They are called the "Black-tailed rattlesnake" because of their tail which is the color of black. Like other rattlesnakes the Black-tailed rattlesnake has a rattle on the end of its tail, but its rattle is weak and can be broken. They can shed their skin several times a year.

The Black-tailed rattlesnake is also called the "Green rattler", the "Dog-faced rattlesnake", and the "Mountain Diamondback".

The Black-tailed rattlesnake is found in southwestern United States of America and Mexico. In the U.S.A it is found in Arizona, New Mexico, and west and central Texas, in Mexico it is found in Oaxaca. It is also found on islands of the Gulf of California, like San Estèban Island and Tiburòn Island.

In the spring and fall the Black-tailed rattlesnake are diurnal, in the summer they are nocturnal so they can avoid the heat, and in the winter they hibernate in other animals dens. Even though they are okay climbers and good swimmers they are terrestrial. They live in grasslands, deserts, mountain areas, and forests.

Like all rattlesnakes they are carnivores and eat rodents, other small mammals, birds, and small reptiles.

The Black-tailed rattlesnakes mate in the spring, once they have mated the male stays with the female to stop other males from mating with her. It is in the summer that the female gives birth to her young, the young stay with their mother for around a day or two before leaving by their selves. A female usually mates every year and has 10-12 young at a time. They live for around 15–20 years.


YMCA

Young Men's Christian Association (or the YMCA or the Y) is an organization headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland. It was originally meant to put Christian principles into practice. It was founded in 1844 in London, England, United Kingdom. At first, the organization provided beds and shelter to young men leaving the countryside for work in the cities. It promotes Muscular Christianity.

Basketball was invented in an American YMCA. 

The similar Young Women's Christian Association or YWCA was founded in 1870.

Antisocial personality disorder

Antisocial personality disorder (ASPD) is a personality disorder. A person with ASPD fails to behave the way society says people should behave. People with this disorder often don’t care about society’s rules or the rights of other people. People with extreme Antisocial Personality Disorder are sometimes nicknamed sociopaths or psychopaths but those words aren’t really used in science. 

The ASPD pattern begins in childhood or adolescence and continues into adulthood. People with ASPD have no conscience or sense of morality, although the large majority know right from wrong. Those with ASPD often commit crimes. They can also be impulsive, aggressive, reckless, and destructive. About three percent of men and one percent of women have ASPD.

In 1801, Philippe Pinel wrote that some of his patients had “Madness without Delirium” meaning that they seemed normal most of the time and could tell what was or wasn’t real but they still did things which were violent and dangerous to both themselves and other people without learning from their mistakes or feeling remorse. In 1835, the British psychiatrist James Cowles Prichard renamed it “Moral Insanity” meaning that the person was actually sane but didn’t have a Conscience. In the 1890s, a German psychiatrist named Julius Ludwig August Koch changed its name from “Moral Insanity”. to “Psychopathic degeneration” which he said was one of many different kinds of Psychopathy. In 1909, the American psychiatrist Karl Birnbaum said that there were some Psychopaths who were not born Psychopaths but became Psychopaths because of how they were raised and he said they should be called "Sociopaths". In 1928, the American psychologist George E. Partridge started to study Psychopaths to figure out what they all had in common and what made them the way they were. In 1930, Partridge said that the one thing that all Psychopaths had in common was that they didn’t understand or follow society’s rules about how to treat other people. So Partridge said that instead of being called “psychopaths” they should be called “sociopaths”. He said that instead of being called “Psychopathic degeneration”, it should be called “Sociopathy”. In 1941 , the American psychiatrist Hervey M. Cleckley wrote a book called The Mask of Sanity. In it, he used the word Psychopathy to mean “Madness without Delirium”, “sociopathy” and “moral insanity”. Cleckley says that a psychopath is a person who can’t feel normal emotions but pretends that he can to trick everyone into believing that he can. Cleckley says that a psychopath usually seems like a normal person because psychopaths don’t have any Psychosis but that actually they make really bad decisions all the time which are often dangerous to other people and to themselves. 

In 1952, the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders was published and it called psychopathy “sociopathic mental disturbance”. It said sociopaths were people who were “always in trouble” had no loyalty to anyone and could come up with any excuse for any bad thing that they did. It also said that all psychopaths were sociopaths but not all sociopaths were psychopaths. In 1968, the second version of the DSM renamed it “antisocial personality” and said that it meant people who only cared about themselves, did a lot of things society says people shouldn’t do and never feel guilt. And who always say it’s someone else’s fault when bad things happen to them. 

In the 1970s, a Canadian psychologist named Robert D. Hare wanted an easy way to figure out if a person were a psychopath. So based on Cleckley’s book, Hare made a list of the things someone has to do before you can call them a psychopath. Hare called it The Psychopathy Checklist . Hare said that there were people who did a lot of the things that psychopaths did but only because of how they were raised and not because of anything physical or genetic and said those people were called sociopaths but not psychopaths. 

In 1980, the new version of the DSM used the name “Antisocial Personality Disorder”. 

In 1994, the new DSM called the DSM IV said that Antisocial personality disorder was also called “Psychopathy, sociopathy or dyssocial personality disorder”. 

According to the latest version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (the DSM-V), a person has ASPD if they fit the following requirements:
A common pattern of disregard for and violation of the rights of others, since age 15 years, as indicated by three (or more) of the following:


Causinae

The Causinae, commonly known as the "night adders", are a subfamily of venomous vipers found in sub-Saharan Africa. The family is monotypic, since it only has the genus "Causus". There are six species.

The night adders can grow to around 60 to 90 centimeters (24 to 36 in) long. They are usually dark gray, light gray, light brown, or black in color with gray or black blotches.

Even though they are called the night adders, they are usually active at day, but some are active at night. When they are attacked or disturbed, they usually coil up and start hissing at their enemy to scare it off. Some may raise their head and neck off the ground, and with their tongue sticking out, move froward like a the Cobra does. 

They eat mainly toads and frogs, but there are reports of some night adders eating almost everything they can find until they are completely unable to swallow any more food.

All night adders are oviparous, which means they lay eggs. This is unusual for most vipers, because most vipers are viviparous, they give live birth. They lay around two dozen eggs at a time. These eggs take around four months to hatch, when they hatch the hatchlings are 4-5 inches (10-12.5 cm) long. 

The night adders have very big venom glands, which are around 10 centimeters long. But even though the venom glands are big, the adders don't always use their venom on their prey. The venom would kill the prey fast enough, but they usually seize their prey and swallow it.
When someone is bitten by a night adder, the venom does not spread around the body, and only causes swelling in the place of the bite. There have been no reports of deaths by night adder venom.


Common night adder

The common night adder is a species of venomous vipers found in sub-Saharan Africa. 

The common night adder can grow up to around 60 centimeters (24 in) long, making it the longest species of the genus "Causus". The longest ever recorded was a male found in eastern Zimbabwe which was 93 centimeters (around 37 in) long. They are usually olive green, brown, or grayish-brown in color with black rhombic-shaped blotches, but not all have blotches on them.

The common night adder is also called the "rhombic night adder", the "demon night adder", the "Cape Viper", and the "African night adder".

The common night adder is found in the savannas of Sub-Saharan Africa, from Nigeria, east to Sudan, Ethiopia, Somalia and Kenya, south to Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, Democratic Republic of Congo, Angola, Zambia, Malawi, Zimbabwe, northern Botswana, Mozambique, Swaziland, and eastern South Africa.

The common night adder is a fairly fast species of snake; it can move at the speed of 3.3 km per hour. They are usually found on the ground, but they can climb trees and can swim. They are mainly nocturnal, but some have been seen basking in the early morning or late afternoon. When disturbed they coil up, inflate their body (which makes the black blotches on them stand out), and start hissing loudly.
Common night adders are oviparous, meaning that they lay eggs, while other vipers are usually viviparous, meaning that they give live birth. Females lay around two dozen eggs at a time, which take around four months to hatch. Once hatched, the young are 10 to 12.5 cm long and eat small frogs and toads.

Their diet is made up of mainly frogs and toads, and sometimes small mammals like mice and rats.

Polystyrene

Polystyrene is a form of chemical compound that is mainly used for a wide variety of packaging. It is an aromatic polymer made from the monomer styrene, a liquid hydrocarbon that is manufactured from petroleum by the chemical industry. Polystyrene is one of the most widely used plastics, the scale being several billion kilograms per year.

Polystyrene can be in either a thermoset or a thermoplastic form.

Allometry

Allometry is the study of the relationship of body size to shape. In particular, it refers to the rate of growth of one part of the body compared to other parts. 

In most cases, the relative size of body parts changes as the body grows. Most allometric relationships are adaptive. For example, organs which depend on their surface area (such as the intestine) grow faster as the body weight increases.

Also, there are changes in allometry as a clade evolves. Allometry is an important way to describe changes in gross morphology (body shape) during evolution. Changes in time of development in an evolutionary series or clade are very common. The trend is known as heterochrony.

Allometry was first outlined by Otto Snell in 1892, D'Arcy Thompson in 1917, and Julian Huxley in 1932. The relationship between two measured quantities is often expressed as a power law:
or in a logarithmic form: 
where formula_3 is the scaling exponent of the law.

J.B.S. Haldane's 1926 essay "On being the right size" gives an overview of the way size interacts with body structure. Haldane's thesis is that sheer size very often defines what bodily equipment an animal must have:

Many of his examples are based on the square-cube law. If an animal's length is doubled, its surface area will be squared and its weight cubed. This alone causes allometric changes in any evolutionary lineage where successive species get larger or smaller. There are many such lineages.

Keiko Ikeda

Keiko Tanaka-Ikeda (田中-池田 敬子, born Keiko Tanaka; November 11, 1933 – May 13, 2023), is a Japanese amateur athlete, coach, university professor and sports administrator. She is best known as a gymnast who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.

She won a gold medal on the balance beam at the 1954 World Gymnastics Championships. She is the only Japanese woman to win a gold medal in this international competition.
Tanaka-Ikeda died from brain cancer at a nursing home in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, on May 13, 2023, at the age of 89.







Abhinav Bindra

Abhinav Bindra (born September 28, 1982, in Dehradun) is an Indian amateur athlete and businessman. He is best known as the current World and Olympic champion in the 10 m Air Rifle event.

At the Beijing Olympic Games, he became the first Indian to win an individual Olympic gold medal.

He was born in Punjab. He became interested in shooting a gun as a sport when he was in school in Chandigarh





Lake Mackay

Lake Mackay (Pintupi: "Wilkinkarra") is a large salt lake in central Australia. It stretches across the border between Western Australia and the Northern Territory. All around it is desert. The Great Sandy Desert is to the northwest, the Tanami Desert is to the northeast, and the Gibson Desert is to the south. There are hundreds of salt lakes along this border area, and Lake Mackay is the largest. It has a surface area of , and is about long from east to west and north to south. It is the second-largest lake in Australia.

The lake was named after the first European to visit it, Donald George Mackay. The lake is most often dry, because of quick evaporation. Salt and other minerals float on the surface.

Lake Mackay is a central place in dreamtime stories for several Aboriginal groups, especially the Pintupi. The lake forms the centre of the Pintupi ancestral lands. Many sacred paths and tracks come together at the shores of the lake. According to mythology, the lake was formed after a fierce bushfire that ruined the land around it.

Papunya, Northern Territory

Papunya is a small community in central Australia. It is about northwest of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory. The people who live there are Aboriginal people who were forced off their traditional country during the 1930s and 1940s. They are mainly from Pintupi- and Luritja-speaking groups. In the 2006 census, Papunya had a population of 299. The town is now on private Aboriginal land. People visiting or travelling through need a permit.

During the late 1950s, a Lutheran mission was set up at Papunya. In the 1970s, many of the people living here moved back to their homelands as part of the outstation movement. The Pintupi moved back west, closer to their homeland around Lake Mackay. They set up the town of Kintore in 1981, about west of Papunya. During this time, local painters were slowly forming a new style of art. By the mid-1980s, it became internationally known as Papunya Tula.

William Thomas Stead

William Thomas Stead (5 July 1849 – 15 April 1912) was a British writer and journalist. He was a pioneer of investigative journalism, and one of the most controversial figures in British journalism during the Victorian era.

His death occurred during the sinking of RMS Titanic.


Kintore, Northern Territory

Kintore (Pintupi: "Waḻungurru"; ) is a remote town in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is about west of Alice Springs and close to the border with Western Australia. Almost all the people who live there are Aboriginal, and most are Pintupi.

Kintore was founded in 1981. Many Pintupi people who lived in the community of Papunya (to the east) decided to move back to their own country. They had been forced to leave these lands decades before because of weapons testing at Woomera in South Australia. Kintore is a major centre for the Western Desert art movement, which began at Papunya during the 1970s. The paintings made here are visual descriptions of dreamtime stories. They have gained fame around the world. A number of members of the Aboriginal art school Papunya Tula live at Kintore.

Tim Conway

Thomas Daniel "Tim" Conway (December 15, 1933 – May 14, 2019) was an American actor, comedian, writer and director. He has worked in sitcoms, comedy sketches, and in movies. Conway is best known for "McHale's Navy" as Ensign Charles Parker. He also voiced Barnacle Boy in "SpongeBob SquarePants".

Conway was born Thomas Daniel Conway in Willoughby, Ohio on December 15, 1933. His mother was Romanian. He was raised in Chagrin Falls, Ohio.

Conway went to Bowling Green State University.

Conway was married twice: His first marriage was to Mary Anne Dalton in 1961.

Conway and Dalton had six children. One of them is radio host Tim Conway, Jr.. Conway and Dalton divorced in 1978. Conway's second marriage was in 1984 to Charlene Fusco. Conway and Ernest Borgnine were good friends until Borgnine's death in 2012.

Conway died on May 14, 2019, at the age of 85 from complications of normal pressure hydrocephalus.


List of settlements in Bulgaria

This is a complete list of all cities and towns in Bulgaria sorted by population. Province capitals are shown in bold.

List of settlements in Burkina Faso

This is a list of cities and towns in Burkina Faso.

List of cities in Cambodia

This is a list of cities in Cambodia.


Cillian Murphy

Cillian Murphy (born 25 May 1976) is an Irish movie and theatre actor. Murphy is known for his roles in Christopher Nolan movies such as Scarecrow in "The Dark Knight Trilogy" (2005–2012). He also appeared in "Inception" and "Dunkirk". He also plays Tommy Shelby in the BBC drama television series "Peaky Blinders". He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award in 2005 for his role as Patrick/Patricia "Kitty" Braden in "Breakfast on Pluto". 

In 2023, he played physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer in the Christopher Nolan movie "Oppenheimer" for which he won a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, a BAFTA Award and the Academy Award for Best Actor.

Murphy was born on 25 May 1976 in Douglas, County Cork, Ireland. He was raised in Ballintemple, a suburb of Cork. His father, Brendan Murphy, worked for the Irish Department of Education. His mother is a French teacher. He went to University College Cork.

Murphy started his career as a rock musician. After he turned down a record deal, he started his acting career in a play in Disco Pigs in 1996. He went on to star in a British and Irish movie and stage production in the late 1990s and early 2000s. His first worldwide role was in 2003 as the hero in the horror movie "28 Days Later".

Murphy's best-known roles were villains in two blockbusters: Scarecrow in the superhero movie "Batman Begins", and as Jackson Rippner in the thriller movie "Red Eye". He also played the Scarecrow in the next two Batman movies: "The Dark Knight" and "The Dark Knight Rises". He played the orphan teen in the 2005's "Breakfast on Pluto". For that role, he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. He played a 1920s Irish revolutionary in "The Wind That Shakes the Barley".

He has also played the main protagonist, Thomas Shelby, in the BBC drama "Peaky Blinders".

In 2023, he played J. Robert Oppenheimer in the Christopher Nolan movie "Oppenheimer". To prepare for the role, Murphy lost weight to match Oppenheimer's appearance. He researched Oppenheimer's life and took inspiration from David Bowie's appearance in the 1970s for his role. He won a Golden Globe Award, Screen Actors Guild Award a BAFTA Award, and an Academy Award for this role.

Murphy lived in London, England from 2001 until 2015 when he moved to Dublin, Ireland. He often works in or near a city. He has no thoughts of moving to Hollywood. He often gives interviews about his movies. He does not give information about his private life.

Murphy married Yvonne McGuinness in 2004. They have two sons; Malachy (b. 2005) and Carrick (b. 2007). He currently lives in Monkstown, Dublin, Ireland.

He was a vegetarian for around 15 years, which he said happened because he was "worried about getting mad cow disease" rather than a moral decision. He also had problems about unhealthy agribusiness practices.

Hurricane Charlie (1951)

Hurricane Charlie was the deadliest storm in 1951. It was the second hurricane of the year in the Atlantic hurricane season. This hurricane hit Jamaica with winds around Category 3 levels, strengthened to Category 4 at 135 miles an hour and then struck Mexican Yucatán Peninsula. The storm made its last landfall in the Tampico area of Mexico. Over 250 people died, half of whom near the Tampico region. This hurricane was Tampico's worst tropical cyclone since 1936.

Tom Hardy

Edward Thomas "Tom" Hardy, CBE, (born 15 September 1977) is an English movie, television, stage, voice actor and screenwriter. He is a leading actor in "tough guy" roles on screen and stage.

He is known for his roles in Black Hawk Down, "", "RocknRolla", "Bronson", "Inception", "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy", "This Means War", and the television series "".

For his work in "Stuart" he earned a nomination for a BAFTA Award for Best Actor. He also played Freddie Jackson in Martina Cole's "The Take". That was a television movie based on Cole's novel of the same name. He played Bane in Christopher Nolan's 2012 movie "The Dark Knight Rises". Hardy also played Max Rockatansky in "" and as Venom in the 2018 movie "Venom".
Hardy appeared as Farrier in the 2017 Nolan movie "Dunkirk". 

Hardy created, co-produced, and took the lead in the eight-part historical fiction series "Taboo" (2017) on BBC One and FX.

He was born on 15 September 1977 in Hammersmith, London. and is an only child. His parents were Anne (née Barrett) and Edward "Chips" Hardy. He was raised in East Sheen, London. Hardy went to Reed's School, Tower House School, and the Drama Centre London.

Hardy married Sarah Ward in 1999. They divorced in 2004. He has a son with ex-girlfriend Rachael Speed, Louis Thomas Hardy (born 8 April 2008). Hardy proposed to actress Charlotte Riley, after a year of dating. They were married in 2014.

He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2018 Birthday Honours for services to drama.


Ebers papyrus

The Ebers Papyrus (c. 1550 BC) is an ancient Egyptian medical treatise. It covers both practical and magical advice. There are over 700 different drugs described in the papyrus. Some are useful such as opium for pain. Other things in the papyrus can seem ridiculous. An example of that is tapping a person on the head with a fish if they have a migraine. Aside from covering a large number of treatments, the papyrus also has information on a broad range of ailments from intestinal complaints and eye problems to depression or other mental disorders.

Marion Cotillard

Marion Cotillard (born September 30, 1975) is a French stage and movie actress, and singer.

She made her career well known by roles in such movies as in "La Vie en Rose", "My Sex Life...or How I Got Into an Argument", "Taxi", "Furia", "Jeux d'enfants" and "A Very Long Engagement". She has also appeared in movies like "Big Fish", "A Good Year", "Public Enemies", "Nine", "Inception", "Midnight in Paris", "Contagion", "The Dark Knight Rises" and "Rust and Bone".

In 2007, Cotillard starred as a French singer in Édith Piaf in "La Vie en Rose". For that role she won the Academy Award, the BAFTA Award, the César Award, and the Golden Globe Award for best actress. She made movie history by becoming the first person to win an Academy Award for a French language performance. In 2010 she received a Golden Globe nomination for her performance in the musical "Nine".

Cotillard was born in Paris, France on September 30, 1975 to Jean Claude-Cotillard who is an actor, former mime, and a Molière Award-winning director. Cotillard's mother Monique (known as Niseema) Theillaud, is also an actress and a drama teacher. She has two younger twin brothers, Quentin and Guillaume. Guillaume is a screenwriter and director. She began acting during her childhood, appearing on stage for her father's plays.

Cotillard currently lives with her partner Guillaume Canet. Many reports say the couple prefers to live a simple lifestyle, and they are often spotted in cafes and shopping together in Paris. Neither of the two discusses their relationship with the media, although photos of the couple regularly surface in the European tabloids. On May 20, 2011, the couple had their first child called Marcel.

Cotillard has dubbed several films and documentaries in France and in the U.S., and also dubbed in French all of her roles in English-language films.


Matthew Modine

Matthew Avery Modine (born March 22, 1959) is an American actor, activist, director, producer, writer and cinematographer. 

His movie roles include Private Joker in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket", the title character in Alan Parker's "Birdy", high school wrestler Louden Swain in "Vision Quest", football star turned spy Alec McCall in "Funcky Monkey" and the oversexed Sullivan Groff in "Weeds". He appeared in Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight Rises" as Officer Peter Foley. He also played Dr. Martin Brenner in Netflix's "Stranger Things".

He unsuccessfully ran for National President of the SAG-AFTRA two times in 2019 and in 2021.

Modine played Vannevar Bush in the 2023 Christopher Nolan movie "Oppenheimer".

Modine was born on March 22, 1959 in Loma Linda, California. He is the son of Dolores (née Warner), a bookkeeper, and Mark Alexander Modine, who managed a drive-in theater. He was educated at Brigham Young University. He was raised in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Modine is married to Caridad Rivera since 1980 and have two children. His daughter, Ruby Modine, is an actress and dancer.


Omar Suleiman

Omar Suleiman (, 2 July 1936-19 July 2012) was an Egyptian general, diplomat, and politician. He was the spy intelligence chief from 1993 to 2011 while Hosni Mubarak was President of Egypt. In January 2011 Suleiman was appointed vice-president by Mubarak. He served until they left in early February 2011. In 2012, Suleiman wanted to be president but was disqualified from running. He was not seen in public since Mubarak's regime ended. On 19 July 2012, Suleiman died in Cleveland, Ohio, U.S. from heart attack while undergoing medical trials.

Dacquoise

A dacquoise is a dessert cake. It is made with layers of almond and hazelnut meringue and whipped cream or buttercream. The name comes from the French word "", meaning "of Dax". (Dax is a town in southwestern France.) It is usually served chilled with fruit. One form of dacquoise is "marjolaine". "Marjolaine" is long and rectangular and combines almond and hazelnut meringue layers with chocolate buttercream.

A classic "dacquoise" is made of two layers of a meringue filled with an egg-yolk-based buttercream. Often, the layers are of a meringue "japonais". (Meringue "japonais" means there are ground nuts added.) The nuts can be blanched almonds or hazelnuts. While this "dacquoise" is based on layers of meringue "japonais", it is held together with a mix of sour cream and milk and dark chocolates.

Stapleton

Stapleton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 221 people living in Stapleton. It has a church called St Mary.

Parton

Parton is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 924 people living in Parton.

Bewcastle

Bewcastle is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 411 people living in Bewcastle.

Burtholme

Burtholme is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 184 people living in Burtholme.

Castle Carrock

Castle Carrock is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 303 people living in Castle Carrock.

Cumrew

Cumrew is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 85 people living in Cumrew. It has a church called St Mary.

Cumwhitton

Cumwhitton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 293 people living in Cumwhitton.

Farlam

Farlam is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 590 people living in Farlam.

Irthington

Irthington is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 712 people living in Irthington.

Midgeholme

Midgeholme is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 67 people living in Midgeholme. There is also Midgeholme Colliery in Midgeholme.

Upper Denton

Upper Denton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 92 people living in Upper Denton. It has a church.

Westlinton

Westlinton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001, there were 359 people living in Westlinton.

Rika Komazawa

Komazawa was born in Sennan, Osaka. As a schoolgirl, she became interested in field hockey. At Tenri University, she played on the school's field hockey team. 



Arjuna Award

The Arjuna Awards were established by monkey the government of India in 1961. The honour recognizes "outstanding achievement in sports and games". The award includes a cash prize. The Arjuna Awards recognise the achievements of the country’s sportsmen.

The symbol of the award is a small bronze statue of Arjuna with his bow.

The Indian government confers Arjuna Award on selected athletes who take part in Olympic Games, Asian Games, Commonwealth Games, World Cup Championships and sports for the physically challenged.


Renault 12 Toros

Renault 12 Toros is a modernized version of Renault 12 in Turkey. It was designed in 1989, and released in the second half of the year. The name "Toros" comes from the Taurus mountains in Turkey. Renault 12 Toros had high traction so it used for many years. It was used as the official vehicle for many years by the Turkish National Police and Turkish Gendarmerie. Its Espically Connected to production stopped in 2000 because its emissions polluted too much for the European Union's Emission Norms.

Karnam Malleswari

Karnam Malleswari (born June 1, 1975) is an Indian athlete. She is best known as a weightlifter who won a bronze medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics at Sydney. She became the first Indian woman to stand on an Olympic victor's podium, and she was the only Indian to win a medal in the 2000 olympic games.

In 1992, Malleswari was the first Indian woman to win a world title in any sport.




Onuk Sazan

Onuk Sazan was the first supercar and second sports car made in Turkey. It was developed by Onuk Company (a military and civilian speedboat producer in Turkey) and Renault. Onuk Sazan was designed by Demir Sümer, Gökhan Akış, Eralp Noyan and Jan Nahum. Its name was inspired by the Dr. Ekber Onuk's deceased son's nickname, Sazan ("Carp"). Only 5 of these cars are made each year. Its price is €200000.

Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore

Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore (born January 29, 1970) Jaisalmer, Rajasthan is an Indian athlete. He is best known for shooting in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.

In the 2004 games, Rathore finished second in the men's double-trap shooting event. He was the first Indian to win an individual silver medal.




Bradley Wiggins

Sir Bradley Marc Wiggins, CBE (born 28 April 1980) is a British cyclist. He was born in Ghent, Belgium. He grew up in Kilburn and Maida Vale, London. His mother Linda is English; his father was Australian cyclist Gary Wiggins (1952-2008). 

Wiggins won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics, a gold medal, silver medal and bronze medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics, two gold medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics and a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He won the 2012 Tour de France.

David Kelly (actor)

David William Kelly (July 11, 1929 – February 12, 2012) was an Irish actor. He acted in several movies and television shows from the 1950s until his death in 2012. Kelly is known in Ireland as Rashers Tierney in "Strumpet City".

In Britain, he is known as Cousin Edna in "Me Mammy" and as the builder Mr. O'Reilly in "Fawlty Towers". In the United States, Kelly is known as Grandpa Joe in Tim Burton's "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory". He is also known as Michael O'Sullivan in "Waking Ned".

Kelly was born on July 11, 1929 in Dublin, Ireland. He went to The Abbey School of Acting. Kelly was married to Laurie Morton from 1961 until his death in 2012. They had two children; David Kelly, Jr. and Miriam Kelly. Kelly died on February 12, 2012, his cause of death was pneumonia complicated by lung cancer in Dublin, Ireland. He was 82 years old. Kelly was buried at the Mount Jerome Cemetery & Crematorium.


Jonathan Frid

Jonathan Frid (John Herbert Frid; December 2, 1924 – April 14, 2012) was a Canadian stage, radio, voice, television, and movie actor. He was best known for playing the role of vampire Barnabas Collins on the Gothic American television show "Dark Shadows". 

Frid was born on December 2, 1924 in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. He had Scottish, English, German, and Danish ancestry. He learned how to become an actor in Ontario, New York City, and London. Frid was not married. 

Frid died in the early hours of April 14, 2012 at the Juravinski Hospital in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. He died from complications of pneumonia due to a fall he had several days before, he was 87 years old. Frid had a nephew David Howitt, who confirmed his death.


Hiroshi Hoketsu

Hoketsu is the oldest Olympian to compete for Japan. He is the second oldest Olympian after Oscar Swahn who was a 72-year-old Swedish shooter who won bronze medal at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp.




Michael Gough

Francis Michael Gough (23 November 1916 – 17 March 2011) was an English character actor who as appeared in over 150 movies. He is perhaps best known world wide for his roles in the Hammer Horror Films from 1958, and for his work as Batman's loyal butler Alfred Pennyworth in "Batman", "Batman Returns", "Batman Forever", and "Batman & Robin". Gough and actor Pat Hingle are the only two actors to appear in all 4 Batman movies directed by Tim Burton or Joel Schumacher. Gough has also been in some other Tim Burton movies, "Sleepy Hollow", "Tim Burton's Corpse Bride", and "Alice in Wonderland".

Gough was born on 23 November 1916 in Kuala Lumpur, British Malaya. His parents were Frances Atkins (née Baillie) and Frances Berkely Gough.

Gough was married four times; first to Dinan Graves they divorced. Second to Anne Leon in 1950 through 1964. Third to Anneke Wills in 1962 until they divorced in 1979. Lastly to Henrietta Lawrence in 1980 until his death in 2011. Gough had 3 children; Emma, Simon, and Jasper.

Gough died on 17 March 2011 in his home in Salisbury, Wiltshire from pneumonia complicated from prostate cancer. He was 94 years old. He was cremated. Michael Keaton who played Batman in the first two Batman films, said "To Mick - my butler, my confidant, my friend, my Alfred. I love you. God bless. Michael (Mr. Wayne) Keaton.". Gough was cremated and his ashes were rest at sea.


2012 Aurora, Colorado shooting

The 2012 Aurora shooting took place in Aurora, Colorado, United States, on 20 July 2012. Gunman James Eagan Holmes shot dead 12 people and wounded 58 others at "The Dark Knight Rises" premiere at a movie theater. He was arrested a few minutes later. 

Holmes was convicted in 2015 of twenty-four counts of first-degree murder, 140 counts of attempted first-degree murder, one count of possessing explosives and a sentence enhancement of a crime of violence. He was sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole.

Pat Hingle

Martin Patterson "Pat" Hingle (July 19, 1924 January 3, 2009) was an American actor. He played Commissioner James Gordon in the Tim Burton/Joel Schumacher Batman films: "Batman", "Batman Returns", "Batman Forever", and "Batman & Robin". Hingle and Michael Gough are the only two actors to appear in all 4 Batman movies. Hingle worked from 1954 through 2006.

Hingle was born on July 19, 1924 in Miami, Florida. His parents were Marvin Louise (née Patterson), a schoolteacher and musician, and Clarence Martin Hingle, a building contractor.

Hingle enlisted in the U.S. Navy in December 1941, dropping out of the University of Texas. He served on the destroyer "USS Marshall" during World War II. He returned to the University of Texas after the war ended and earned a degree in radio broadcasting. He learned to act at the Actors Studio.

Hingle was married two times; first to Alyce Faye Dorsey in 1947 until they divorced in 1972. He was married to Julie Wright from 1979 until his death in 2009. Hingle had 3 children with Dorsey; Jody, Billy, and Molly. With Wright, he had two children. Hingle graduated from Weslaco High School in Weslaco, Texas in 1942.

In 1960, he had been offered the title role in "Elmer Gantry", but Burt Lancaster filled the part because Hingle had been in a near fatal accident. He was caught in his West End Avenue apartment building in an elevator that had stalled between the second and third floors. He crawled out and sought to reach the second floor corridor but lost his balance and fell fifty-four feet down the shaft. He fractured his skull, wrist, hip, and most of the ribs on his left side. He broke his left leg in three places and lost the little finger on his left hand. He lay near death for two weeks, and his recovery required more than a year.

Hingle died on January 3, 2009 in Carolina Beach, North Carolina from Myelodysplastic syndrome, he was 84 years old. Hingle was cremated and his ashes were scattered into the Atlantic Ocean.


Bernard Hill

Bernard Hill (born 17 December 1944) is a British movie, theatre, and television actor since 1975. His career has lasted more than 30 years.

Hill is known for playing Yosser Hughes in the British television drama "Boys from the Blackstuff". He is also known for the roles in movie blockbusters films such as Captain Edward Smith in "Titanic", King Theoden in "The Lord of the Rings movie series", and as the Warden of the San Quentin Prison in Clint Eastwood's "True Crime".

Hill was born in Blackley, Manchester, England in 17 December 1944. He attended at Xaverian College although back then it was called "The Xaverian School", and then to the Manchester Polytechnic School of Drama at the same time as Richard Griffiths. He graduated with a diploma in theatre in 1970.

He is married to Marianne Hill and has a son named Gabriel Hill.

In his commentary on "" (2002) Extended Edition DVD, he admits that during the course of shooting he first broke his sternum, then had his ear slashed open by a sword.


Optic nerve

The optic nerve, also known as cranial nerve II or simply as CN II, is one of twelve cranial nerves but is also considered to be part of the central nervous system. It sends information from the retina (the outermost part of the eye) to the brain. The brain forms a picture using the information so that you can see things.
The retina sees the image upside-down and the optic nerve sends it to the brain so it turns it back into normal. 

Aaron Eckhart

Aaron Edward Eckhart (born March 22, 1968) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor.

Eckhart became known world-wide in such films as in "Erin Brockovich" (2000), and gained a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actor for his role in "Thank You for Smoking" (2006). He is also known for his role as Two-Face in the 2008 summer blockbuster "The Dark Kinght" (2008). Eckhart alongside Nicole Kidman worked in a movie called "Rabbit Hole" (2010)

Eckhart was born in Cupertino, California on March 22, 1968. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Eckhart studied at the American Community School and at the American International School of Sydney. He was once engaged to actress Emily Cline. They separated in 1998. Eckhart now lives in Beverly Hills, California.

Tom Wilkinson

Thomas Geoffrey "Tom" Wilkinson Jr. (5 February 1948 – 30 December 2023) was an English movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He was nominated for an Academy Award, for his roles in "In the Bedroom" and "Michael Clayton". In 2009, he won Golden Globe and a Primetime Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Film for his role in "John Adams". Wilkinson was also known for his works in 2005 blockbuster "Batman Begins" and as Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. (the father of President John F. Kennedy). in 2011 miniseries "The Kennedys".

Wilkinson was born on 5 February 1948 in Wharfedale, West Riding of Yorkshire, England to Thomas Wilkinson Sr. a farmer. Wilkinson was trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts and University of Kent. 

Wilkinson was married to Diana Hardcastle from 1988 until his death. They had two daughters, Alice and Mollie.

Wilkinson died suddenly at his home in North London, England on 30 December 2023, at the age of 75.

Rutger Hauer

Rutger Oelsen Hauer (January 23, 1944 – July 19, 2019) was a Dutch stage, television, and movie actor.

Hauer's career began during the year 1969 with the role in a popular Dutch television series "Floris", directed by Paul Verhoeven. His notable works include "Flesh & Blood", "Blind Fury", "Blade Runner", "The Hitcher", "Nighthawks", "Wedlock", "Sin City", "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind", "Ladyhawke", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "The Osterman Weekend", "The Blood of Heroes", "Batman Begins", "Hobo with a Shotgun", "The Rite", and he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Escape from Sobibor". Hauer was a dedicated environmentalist and founded an AIDS awareness organization, the Rutger Hauer Starfish Association.

Hauer was born on January 23, 1944 in Breukelen, Netherlands. His parents were Arend and Teunuk Hauer, both drama teachers. Hauer was raised in Beetsterzwaag, Netherlands. Hauer lived in Malibu, California, United States. Hauer married Ineke ten Kate in 1985. He had one daughter, Aysha Hauer, with his first wife Heidi Merz. He was the grandfather of fashion model Leandro Maeder.

Hauer was made a knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion in 2013.

Hauer died on 19 July 2019 at his home in Beetsterzwaag, Switzerland at the age of 75 after a short-illness.


Naoko Takahashi

In 2008, she retired from racing.

Takahashi was not a successful runner in high school. She improved after she graduated from college. 




James Whitmore

James Allen Whitmore, Jr. (October 1, 1921 February 6, 2009) was an American stage and movie actor.

Born on October 1, 1921 in White Plains, New York. to Florence Belle (née Crane) and James Allen Whitmore, Sr.. Whitmore graduated from Yale University before serving in the United States Marine Corps during World War II.

Following the war, Whitmore appeared on Broadway, where he won a special Tony Award in 1948. His first major movie was "Battleground", for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Other major movies include; "The Asphalt Jungle", "The Next Voice You Hear", "Kiss Me, Kate", "Them!", "Black Like Me", and "Give 'em Hell, Harry", for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as 33rd President of the United States Harry S. Truman.

Whitmore also appeared as General Oliver O. Howard in the 1975 TV movie "I Will Fight No More Forever", based on the 1877 conflict between the United States and Nez Perce trib, led by Chief Joseph.

Whitmore's last major role was as librarian Brooks Hatlen in the critically-acclaimed and the Academy Award-nominated 1994 movie "The Shawshank Redemption".

Although not always politically active, in 2007, Whitmore received some publicity with his endorsement of Barack Obama for U.S. President. In January 2008, Whitmore appeared in television commercials for the First Freedom First campaign, which advocates preserving "the separation of church and state" and protecting religious liberty.

Whitmore was married four times; once to Nancy Mygatt in 1947 until they divorced in 1971. Then he married Audra Lindley in 1972 until they divorced in 1979. Later he once again married Nancy Mygatt in 1979 until they divorced once again in 1981. Lastly Whitmore married Noreen Nash in 2001 until Whitmore's death in 2009. He only has three sons from his first marriage including; James Whitmore, Jr..

Whitmore died on February 6, 2009 in his Malibu, California home from lung cancer from which he had since November 2008. He was 87 years old. Whitmore was later cremated and his ashes were scattered at sea.


Rohullah Nikpai

Rohullah Nikpai (born June 15, 1987) is an athlete from Afghanistan. He won an Olympic bronze medal for taekwondo.

Nikpai started his training in Kabul, Afghanistan, at the age of 10. At the 2006 Asian Games in Doha, Qatar Nikpai was in the flyweight division. He lost to silver medalist Nattapong Tewawetchapong of Thailand in round 16. 

Nikpai was in Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He defeated two-time world champion Juan Antonio Ramos of Spain. Winning the bronze medal made him Afghanistan's first Olympic medalist in any event. Afghanistan president Hamid Karzai immediately called to congratulate Nikpai. He also gave him a house paid by the government. "I hope this will send a message of peace to my country after 30 years of war," Nikpai said.

Mustapha Moussa

Mustapha Moussa (born February 2, 1962 in Oran) is a boxer from Algeria.

Moussa won the bronze medal in the Light Heavyweight division (75–81 kg) at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He was the first Algerian to win an Olympic medal.

Moussa became a professional boxer in 1988. He was not very successful. He lost his first fight toMauro Galvano. He fought once in 1992 and 2004, losing both fights. 

Crotalus enyo

Crotalus enyo, also known as the ""Lower California Rattlesnake"", is a species of venomous Pit viper. There are currently two subspecies found.

Male Baja California Rattlesnakes are larger than females with some which can grow up to the length of . The head is small and narrow while the eyes are very big. They are usually light brown or dark brown in color, but some are also gray. They have blotches which are black or light brown with dark edges.

The Baja California Rattlesnake is found in deserts and pine-oak forests of northwestern Mexico. They are also found on islands of the Gulf of California.

Young Baja California Rattlesnakes eat lizards and small centipedes, while adults eat rodents and large centipedes of the genus Scolopendra.

Baja California Rattlesnakes mate in the spring and give birth to their young in summer or early fall. They give birth to 2-7 young at a time, and the young are around long.


Mohamed Zaoui

Mohamed Zaoui (born May 14, 1960) is a boxer from Algeria. Zaoui won the bronze medal in the Middleweight division (71–75 kg) at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

Hal Holbrook

Harold Rowe "Hal" Holbrook (February 17, 1925 – January 23, 2021) was an American movie, television, stage and voice actor. Holbrook was known to the general audience for playing famous author Mark Twain in plays or on biographical shows.

Holbrook was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He began acting in 1954. He began his Mark Twain routine, so that he can earn money.

Holbrook soon began appearing on plays. He then called his Twain show "Mark Twain Tonight". He is also known for his fictional-political shows and as "Deep Throat" in "All the President's Men". He also played Abraham Lincoln in several biographical television movies.

Holbrook was nominated for many awards during his career. He is the oldest actor to have nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.

Holbrook was born on February 17, 1925 in Cleveland, Ohio. His parents were Harold Rowe Holbrook and Aileen Davenport. His parents left him, so he and his two sisters were raised by his grandparents in South Weymouth, Massachusetts. He studied at Culver Academies and at Denison University. His acting career would begin in theater in 1954.

Holbrook is known for his television roles. These include Abraham Lincoln, Hays Stone in "The Bold Ones: The Senator" and Capt. Lloyd Bucher in "Pueblo". But he is best known as Mark Twain in comedy stage works and comedy shows. His first solo performance as Twain was at Lock Haven State Teachers College in Pennsylvania in 1954. Holbrook had to smoke for his role as Twain. He would later name that play "Mark Twain Tonight". He has portrayed Twain longer than Samuel Langhorne Clemens did.

Holbrook first appeared in movies in 1966, in "The Group". After this, he appeared in two more movies: "Magnum Force" in 1973 and "All the President's Men" in 1976. Later, he appeared in "The Fog", "Wall Street", "Hercules", "The Bachelor", and in "Walking the Dead".

He was also known for his role in the 2007 movie "Into the Wild", for which he was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award and an Academy Award. He also appeared in "Water for Elephants" in 2011.

Later he has appeared as Francis Preston Blair in Steven Spielberg's movie "Lincoln" in 2012. He appeared during the opening ceremony of the 2013 Screen Actors Guild Awards.

Holbrook starred in the 2014 animated movie "" as a fire truck named Mayday. Holbrook is set to star in the 2015 thriller movie "Go with Me" along with Anthony Hopkins.

Holbrook was married to Ruby Holbrook from 1945 until they divorced in 1965. Then he was married to Carol Eve Rossen from 1966 until they divorced in 1979. He was last married to Dixie Carter from 1984 until her death in 2010. Holbrook has two children with Ruby and one with Rossen.

Holbrook met Carter on the set of "The Killing of Randy Webster" in 1980. Holbrook now lives in McLemoresville, Tennessee, and in Beverly Hills, California. Holbrook has stated that he was a political independent because he votes for both Democrats and Republicans.

Holbrook died at his home in Beverly Hills, California, on January 23, 2021 at the age of 95. His death was announced more than a week later, on February 2.

Holbrook has won three Tony Awards, in 1971, 1974, and in 1976. He won a Drama Desk Award in 1989. He also won a Primetime Emmy Award in 1966. He was nominated for an Academy Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award in 2007 for his role in "Into the Wild". In 2008, at age 82, he became the oldest male actor to be nominated for an Academy Award. His nomination displaced Ralph Richardson, who previously held that distinction. Here is the list of nominations or winning awards:

Academy Awards


Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards


Chicago Film Critics Association Awards


Online Film Critics Society Awards


Screen Actors Guild Awards


Primetime Emmy Awards




Hassiba Boulmerka

Hassiba Boulmerka (born 10 July 1968 in Constantine, Algeria) is a former Algerian middle distance athlete.

Boulmerka started running seriously at the age of ten. She focused on the 800 and 1500 metres. She was successful in national and regional races. Her first major international tournament was the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. She was eliminated in the preliminary heat of both the 800 and 1500 m.

The first major race she won was the 800 m. at the "Golden Gala" race in Rome, Italy. A month later, she was at the World Championships. She won the 1500 m.

Muslim groups in Algeria did not like her. They thought she showed too much of her body when racing. Boulmerka received death threats. She had to move to Europe to train. She won the 1500 m gold medal at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics. It was Algeria's first gold medal at the Olympic Games.

She won a bronze medal at the 1993 World Championships in Stuttgart. In 1995, she did not win a single race until the World Championships in Gothenburg. She was at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, but sprained her ankle in the semi-finals. She stopped racing after 1997.

Boulmerka was later elected to the Athletes' Commission of the International Olympic Committee.

Boulmerka has returned to Algeria and is now a businesswoman.

Hocine Soltani

Hocine Soltani (December 27, 1972 in Thenia – March 1, 2002 in Marseille) was a boxer from Algeria. He won two Olympic medals. In 1992 he was third in the featherweight division (54–57 kg). At the 1996 Summer Olympics he won a gold medal in lightweight.

Hocine became a professional boxer in 1998. He only fought four times, winning each time. He quit boxing in 2000. Soltani disappeared in March 2002. His body was found near Marseille, France in September 2004. 

Hendrik Verwoerd

Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd (8 September 1901 – 6 September 1966) was Prime Minister of South Africa from 1958 to 1961, and then president from 1961 to 1966. He was the person chiefly responsible for apartheid. 
He was born in the Netherlands. His parents emigrated to southern Africa when he was two years old. In 1950, Verwoerd became Minister of Native Affairs (native meant the black Africans in the country). He was Prime Minister from 1958 to 1966, when he was murdered. Verwoerd was associated with the National Party.

Verwoerd is often called the "Architect of Apartheid" for his role in apartheid policy when he was Minister of Native Affairs and then Prime Minister. Verwoerd once described apartheid as a "policy of good neighbourliness".

On 9 April 1960 a white farmer named David Pratt attempted to murder Verwoerd by shooting him, but Verwoerd survived the attack.

In 1960, Verwoerd announced that he planned to hold a referendum in South Africa on whether to remain a Commonwealth realm under the British monarch's rule or become a republic. The South African Parliament (a kind of legislature) voted to present the referendum to the people, and it was held in October. Voters were asked if they wanted to remain under the British monarch's rule, or become a republic. 52% voted to change to a republic. South Africa became a republic on May 31, 1961.

The National Party government under Verowoerd continued to develop the military, and it successfully made new developments in arms production including aircraft, small arms, armed vehicles, and even nuclear weapons.

Three days before his death, Verwoerd held talks with the Prime Minister of the Lesotho, one of the native tribes in South Africa, Chief Leabua Jonathan, at the Union Buildings in Pretoria. Following the meeting, a joint statement was issued by the two governments with special emphasis on "co-operation without interference in each others' internal affairs".

On 6 September 1966, Verwoerd was murdered in Cape Town, shortly after entering the House of Assembly at 2:15 pm. A parliamentary messenger named Dimitri Tsafendas stabbed Verwoerd in the neck and chest four times before other Assembly members restrained him. Members who were also trained as medical practitioners rushed to aid Verwoerd and started giving cardiopulmonary resuscitation. Verwoerd was rushed to Groote Schuur Hospital, but was declared dead upon arrival.

Dick Van Dyke

Richard Wayne "Dick" Van Dyke (born December 13, 1925) is an American actor, comedian, dancer, producer, singer and writer with his career that has lasted 60 years. He is the older brother of Jerry Van Dyke and father of Barry Van Dyke.

Van Dyke starred in many movies; "Bye Bye Birdie", "Mary Poppins", "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" and "Night at the Museum" and in television series "The Dick Van Dyke Show" and in "Diagnosis: Murder". He has a star in the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Van Dyke was once offered the role as Ambassador Thorn in the 1976 movie "The Omen", but turned it down because of the movie's violent gory content.

Van Dyke was born on December 13, 1925 in West Plains, Missouri. He was raised in Danville, Illinois. Van Dyke now lives in Malibu, California. During his early years, Van Dyke use to work as a weather man.

Van Dyke has been married to Margie Willett in 1948 until they divorced in 1984. He was married to Arlene Silver since 2012. Van Dyke had been partners with Michelle Triola from 1976 until her death from lung cancer in 2009. Van Dyke has 4 children and one grandson.

He has won a Grammy Award, a Tony Award, and an Emmy Award. He has been honored a Disney Legend Award in 1999. He was given The Life Achievement Award from the Screen Actors Guild in 2013.

In 2021, Van Dyke was honored with the Kennedy Center Honors.

Van Dyke was a heavy cigarette smoker for most of his life. He has been using Nicorette gum since 2003.

In April 2013, Van Dyke revealed that he has been displaying symptoms of a neurological disorder since 2006, but despite undergoing tests no diagnosis has been made. In 2013 the actor stated that his dental-related implants might be responsible.

On August 19, 2013, it was reported that Van Dyke, age 87, was rescued from inside his Jaguar by a passerby as the actor's car caught fire on a Los Angeles-area highway. He was not injured in the fire. The car burned down to its frame.


Eli Wallach

Eli Herschel Wallach (December 7, 1915 – June 24, 2014) was an American movie, television, voice, and stage actor who gained fame during the late 1950s. For his performance as Silva Vacarro in "Baby Doll", he won a BAFTA Award for Best Newcomer, an Honorary Academy Award, an Emmy Award, a Tony Award, and a Golden Globe Award nomination.

Wallach was born on December 7, 1915 in Red Hook, Brooklyn, New York and studied at the University of Texas at Austin, City College of New York, and at the Neighborhood Playhouse School of Theatre.

Wallach's famous roles are Tuco in "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly", Calvera in "The Magnificent Seven", and as Mr. Freeze in "Batman". Other roles includes; Don Altobello in "The Godfather Part III", Cotton Weinberger in "The Two Jakes", and Arthur Abbott in "The Holiday". He is still an active actor even in his nineties and being in films as in "Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps" and in "The Ghost Writer".

Wallach was married to Anne Jackson since 1948. They had three children. His great nephew was movie critic A. O. Scott. Wallach lived in East Hampton, New York.

Wallach, during a set of a movie he was in, accidentally drank from a bottle of acid that a technician had carelessly placed next to his soda bottle. He spat it out quickly, but was angry because his vocal cords could have been damaged if he had swallowed any of it.

Wallach died at his home in New York City, New York from natural causes on June 24, 2014, aged 98.


Outstation (Aboriginal community)

In Australia, the outstation movement is the movement of Australian Aboriginal people from large towns to much smaller communities, called outstations. It is mostly seen in the Northern Territory and amongst the people of the Western Desert.

Before the 20th century, most Aboriginal families lived by themselves or in groups of 20–30 people. They were nomadic (moving from place to place), hunting and foraging across the deserts. As Euro-Australians started to build roads, towns and farms on Aboriginal lands, the native people were forced out. They had to move off their lands into towns or missions. There, the government would give them food, water and clothes.

This way of life did not suit them. In the towns, there were many conflicts between different ethnic groups, people became addicted to alcohol, and many of them died from foreign diseases. Many groups were also far away from their traditional homelands, which were important to them and their spirituality. From the 1970s, many families started to move away from the towns. They returned to the places they grew up, and set up smaller communities.

One of the main reasons behind the movement is for Aboriginal people to get back autonomy and self-sufficiency. The communities manage themselves, as nomadic groups (or "tribe") did many years before. Hunting and foraging – getting their own food, and food for everybody – is still important.

Santa Catalina rattlesnake

The Santa Catalina Rattlesnake ("Crotalus catalinensis"), also known as the ""Santa Catalina Island Rattlesnake"", is a species of venomous Pit viper found only on Santa Catalina Island in the Gulf of California. There are currently no subspecies recognized.

The Santa Catalina Rattlesnake is a small and slender species of rattlesnake. It can grow up to the length of 73.1 centimeters (28.8 in), and is known for being one of the few rattlesnakes which don't have a rattle on the end of their tail. Some Santa Catalina Rattlesnakes are light cream in color with reddish-brown blotches down their back, while some are ash gray with dark gray blotches on them.

While other rattlesnakes of the genus ""Crotalus"" are mainly terrestrial (live on land), the Santa Catalina Rattlesnake's small size makes it very good climber. In July, the hottest month on Santa Catalina Island, the Santa Catalina Rattlesnake is found on branches of bushes and trees so they can escape the heat on the ground.

Since the Santa Catalina Rattlesnake lives mainly in trees, scientist first thought this rattlesnake eats birds, but scientist have now found out that around 70% of the Santa Catalina Rattlesnake's diet is made up of small mammals like the Santa Catalina Deer Mouse, and around 30% is made up of lizards like the Santa Catalina Desert Iguana and the Santa Catalina Side-blotched lizard.

Claire McCaskill

Claire Conner McCaskill (born July 24, 1953) is an American politician. She was the United States Senator from Missouri from 2007 to 2019. She is a member of the U.S. Democratic Party. She was the first woman from Missouri elected to the United States Senate. Before being elected to United States Senate McCaskill was the Missouri State Auditor from 1999 to 2007. She was born in Rolla, and she went to school at the University of Missouri.

McCaskill lost to Josh Hawley by nearly 9% in her re-election bid in 2018.

Arlene Dahl

Arlene Carol Dahl (August 11, 1925 – November 29, 2021) was an American actress. She was a former MGM contract star. Dahl became famous in the 1950s. She was born in Minneapolis and starred in many movies. She was the mother of actor Lorenzo Lamas.

Dahl died on November 29, 2021 at her home in New York City, aged 96.

Didache

The Didache (pronounced ""did" ah kay") or The Teaching of the Twelve Apostles is an early Christian hand book. It was written in the first or early second century AD.
It gives information about Christian ethics, rituals such as baptism and Eucharist, and Church organization.


Youth Riding a Rooster (Epiktetos)

Youth Riding a Rooster is a red-figure plate painted by Epiktetos about 520–510 BC. Its diameter measures 7 3/8 in. (18.7 cm). The plate is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. It shows a boy riding a rooster. It was a rare subject among ancient artists. It probably references homosexual relations between older men and youths. It also references the practice among Greek males of giving a rooster as a love gift.

The vase scholar Sir John Beazley wrote in 1918 in "Attic Red-Figured Vases in American Museums" (p. 18): "The best of [Epiktetos] is in his plates. You cannot draw better, you can only draw differently. Epiktetos' people are all lightness and fairy grace, as if they belonged to a world where passion and pain were unknown, to those 'woods of Athens' where Oberon reigned in the days before 'the middle summer's spring'".

The plate was discovered in Vulci in 1828. Twenty years later it became the possession of the second marquess of Northampton. On July 2, 1980, his great-great-grandson, the seventh marquess, sold it with other pottery at Christie's in London.

Footrace on a Panathenaic Amphora

Footrace on a Panathenaic Amphora is a depiction of an ancient Greek footrace on a terracotta amphora dated about 530 BC. It is said to be by the Euphiletos Painter. The height of the amphora is tall. 

The amphora would have been filled with olive oil from the sacred groves at Athens then given as a prize to the winner of a footrace in the Panathenaic Games at Athens. These games were held every four years. The amphora is held in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. 

These prize amphores were made to a standardized shape, held about 42 quarts, and were decorated in the black-figure technique. An armed Athena was depicted on the front of the amphora and a picture of the sport on the back. This amphora depicts five men and a youth. 

The museum writes, "Notice the wealth of incised lines depicting musculature, a preoccupation of Greek artists for centuries to come ... An inscription on the front of the amphora gives not only the official designation of the vase as a prize, but also the signature of the potter, Nikias, a rare occurrence on pots of this shape."

Greg Louganis

Greg Louganis (born January 29, 1960) is an American Olympic diver and author. He was born in El Cajon, California. He is of Samoan and Swedish descent and was adopted by a Greek-American couple. He received a James E. Sullivan Award from the Amateur Athletic Union. He won a silver medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. 

Two years later, Louganis received his first world title in a tower event. He won many gold medals each at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

Greg Louganis is openly gay. He was diagnosed with HIV in 1988. He wrote the book "Breaking the Surface" about his life.

Vicki Lawrence

Vicki Ann Axelrad (also called Vicki Lawrence; born March 26 1949) is an American comedienne, actress and a singer. She is best known for her acting on the "Carol Burnett Show" and as Thelma Harper on "Mama's Family". She was often on game shows in the 1970s and 1980s.

Georges Pompidou

Georges Jean Raymond Pompidou ( , ; 5 July 19112 April 1974) was a French politician. He was the President of the French Republic from 20 June 1969 until 2 April 1974. He was born in Cantal. He fought in World War II. 

He also was Prime Minister of France from 14 April 1962 until 10 July 1968. In 1968, he was elected president. He died of lymphoma in Paris. He is the only French president of the French Fifth Republic to die in office. 

John Ratzenberger

John Deszo Ratzenberger (born April 6, 1947 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is an American actor, voice actor, and entrepreneur. Best known for his work with Pixar, he has been referred to as the Pixar Good Luck Charm, as he has voice acted in every movie for Pixar except for Soul.

He is best known for his role as Cliff Clavin in "Cheers" and for his role in all of the "Pixar" animated movies which includes; Hamm in "Toy Story", "Toy Story 2", "Toy Story 3", "Toy Story 4" and "", P.T. Flea in "A Bug's Life", The Abominable Snowman in "Monsters, Inc.", the school of Moonfish in "Finding Nemo", The Underminer in "The Incredibles" and in "The Incredibles 2", Mack the Truck in "Cars", "Cars 2" and in "Cars 3", Mustafa the waiter in "Ratatouille", John in "WALL-E", Tom the construction worker in "Up", Gordon the Guard in "Brave", The Abominable Snowman in "Monsters University", Fritz in "Inside Out", Earl in "The Good Dinosaur", Bill the Crab in "Finding Dory" and as Juan Ortodoncia in "Coco".

Ratzenberger was married to Georgia Stiny from 1985 until they divorced in 2004. Ratzenberger has a son James John (b. 1987), and a daughter Nina Kathrine (b. 1989). Ratzenberger is a Republican.

Shaivism

Shaivism is a form of Hinduism, which sees Shiva as the most important deity. In practice, there are different branches of Shaivism. Shaivism is common in India, Nepal and Sri Lanka. It can also be found in Malaysia, Singapore, and Indonesia.
Shaivism are routed from southern part of India, mainly from present day Tamil Nadu, The oldest shiva temples in the state are living proof for that..Major Kings ruled Southern India also considered Lord Siva as their God

Christopher Plummer

Arthur Christopher Orme Plummer or simply Christopher Plummer (December 13, 1929 – February 5, 2021) was a Canadian actor. His career began in 1946. He first acted on Broadway in 1954. His first important stage roles were as Cyrano de Bergerac in "Cyrano" (1974) and Iago in "Othello". He was also in "Hamlet at Elsinore", "Macbeth", "King Lear", and "Barrymore".

After being on stage, he acted in his first movie "Stage Struck" (1958). He had his very first main role that same year in "Wind Across the Everglades". He became well known for playing Captain Georg von Trapp in the musical movie "The Sound of Music" (1965). 

Plummer played many historical people in movies, including Commodus in "The Fall of the Roman Empire" (1964), Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington in "Waterloo" (1970), Rudyard Kipling in "The Man Who Would Be King" (1975), Mike Wallace in "The Insider" (1999), Leo Tolstoy in "The Last Station" (2009), Kaiser Wilhelm II in "The Exception" (2016), and J. Paul Getty in "All the Money in the World" (2017).

Plummer narrated the animated series "Madeline". He voiced Charles Muntz in the Disney Pixar movie "Up" (2009). His final roles before his death were as Harlan Thrombey in "Knives Out" (2019), Frank Pitsenbarger in "The Last Full Measure" (2020) and Howard Lawson in the television drama "Departure".

Plummer won many awards for his work. He won an Academy Award, two Primetime Emmy Awards, two Tony Awards, a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and a British Academy Film Award. He was one of the few actors and only Canadian to have won the Triple Crown of Acting. He won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for "Beginners" (2010). At the time, at age 82 he was the oldest person to win an acting Oscar. He was nominated again for an Academy Award for "All the Money in the World". This made him the oldest person to be nominated for an acting Oscar at age 88.

Plummer was born on December 13, 1929, in Toronto, Ontario. He was the only child of John Orme Plummer and Isabella Mary Abbott. His great-grandfather was Canadian Prime Minister Sir John Abbott. Plummer's parents divorced not long after he was born. He was raised by his mother in the Abbott family home in Senneville, Quebec. He spoke English and French very well.

At an early age, he loved acting and went to High School of Montreal. He wanted to become an actor after watching Laurence Olivier's movie "Henry V" (1944). He learned acting as an apprentice with the Montreal Repertory Theatre. Plummer never went to college or university, something he wished he did. Later in life, McGill University gave an honorary degree to Plummer.

In 1946, the "Montreal Gazette"s theatre critic Herbert Whittaker liked Plummer's role as Mr Darcy in a Montreal High School play of "Pride and Prejudice". Whittaker was also a stage director and he hired Plummer at age 18 to play Oedipus in Jean Cocteau's "La Machine Infernale".

Plummer started acting in 1948 with Ottawa's Stage Society. In 1952, he was in many stage works with the Bermudiana Theatre in Bermuda. While working there, he was hired by an American producer. Edward Everett Horton hired Plummer to play Gerard in the 1953 play of André Roussin's "Nina".

Plummer had his first Broadway role in January 1953 in "The Starcross Story". His next Broadway role, "Home is the Hero", lasted from September to October 1954. Plummer was Tyrone Power's understudy. After acting in "Night of the Auk", Plummer was in Elia Kazan's Broadway play "J.B.". He played Jason in Robinson Jeffers' version of "Medea" in Paris in 1955. Also in 1955, he played Mark Antony in "Julius Caesar". He also played Ferdinand in "The Tempest" at the American Shakespeare Festival.

Plummer began acting at the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in 1956. He played the main character in "Henry V". He played the main role in "Hamlet" and Sir Andrew Aguecheek in "Twelfth Night" in 1957. The next year, he played Leontes in "The Winter's Tale", Bardolph in "Henry IV, Part 1", and Benedick in "Much Ado About Nothing".

In April 1961, he played Benedick in "Much Ado About Nothing" with the Royal Shakespeare Company at the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon, England. He later played the main character of "Richard III" a month later. He played King Henry II in Jean Anouilh's "Becket". For his role, Plummer won the Evening Standard Award for Best Actor.

At the Stratford Festival, he played Philip the Bastard in "King John" and Mercutio in "Romeo and Juliet". In 1962, he played the main roles in both "Cyrano de Bergerac" and "Macbeth". He returned in 1967 to play Mark Antony in "Antony and Cleopatra".

Plummer played the main role in a 1963 play of Bertolt Brecht's "The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui". He was also in Peter Shaffer's "The Royal Hunt of the Sun", playing Francisco Pizarro. Many critics liked Plummer's roles as Ui and Pizarro.

From June 1971 to January 1972, he worked for the Royal National Theatre. He acted in Jean Giraudoux's "Amphitryon 38" directed by Laurence Olivier; Georg Büchner's "Danton's Death"; Adrian Mitchell's "Tyger"; Luigi Pirandello's "The Rules of the Game"; and Eugene O'Neill's "Long Day's Journey into Night" at the New Theatre in London. From May to June 1973, he was on Broadway. He played the main character in "Cyrano". It was a musical version of Edmond Rostand's 1897 play "Cyrano de Bergerac". Plummer won a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award for that role. Later that year, he played Anton Chekhov in Neil Simon's "The Good Doctor". He played Quentin in Arthur Miller's 1974 version of "After the Fall".

Plummer was in "Lovers and Madmen" at the Opera House at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. in 1973. He also appeared in "Love and Master Will" at the same place in 1975.
In 1982, he was in the Broadway play of the Shakespearean tragedy "Othello", playing Iago. His role as the main villain had positive reviews from critics, such as "The New York Times". For his role, he got a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play nomination losing to Roger Rees.

In 1988, he played the main role in Broadway's "Macbeth". He also had positive reviews for his role as the main character. He worked with Jason Robards in the 1994 version of Harold Pinter's "No Man's Land". For his role in "No Man's Land", Plummer was nominated for a Tony Award.

Plummer became well known for playing actor John Barrymore in the 1997 Broadway play of William Luce's "Barrymore". He had many positive reviews from critics. Vincent Canby of "The New York Times" called Plummer a great actor. His role as Barrymore, gave Plummer his second Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award.

In 2002, he appeared in "King Lear", directed by Jonathan Miller. The play had strong positive reviews. He was nominated for a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award for his role in "King Lear". He also got a Tony Award nomination for playing Henry Drummond in the 2007 version of "Inherit the Wind". He played Julius Caesar in George Bernard Shaw's "Caesar and Cleopatra". The play was filmed and shown in Canadian movie theaters on January 31, 2009. In 2009 and 2010, Plummer was in two Stratford Festival plays of Shaw's "Caesar and Cleopatra" and William Shakespeare's "The Tempest". Plummer returned to the Stratford Festival in the summer of 2010 in "The Tempest" where he played Prospero. In 2014, Plummer presented a stage play "A Word or Two" in Los Angeles.

Plummer's movie career began in 1958 when Sidney Lumet hired him as a young writer in "Stage Struck". That same year, Plummer played the main character in Nicholas Ray's movie "Wind Across the Everglades". Plummer did not appear in any other movie for six years after 1958. He returned to acting to play Roman emperor Commodus in Anthony Mann's "The Fall of the Roman Empire" (1964).

Plummer became well known for his role as Captain Von Trapp in Robert Wise's musical movie "The Sound of Music" (1965). Plummer however, said the movie was "so awful and sentimental and gooey". The movie made the most money than any other movie since "Gone with the Wind". Plummer hated being on the movie, but liked working with Julie Andrews. During his career, he tried not to talk about the movie. He did not show up at the 40th Anniversary cast reunion. He did talk about the movie for the 2005 DVD release. He appeared for the 45th anniversary with the full cast on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" on October 28, 2010. In one interview he said that he had great memories of making the movie.

He was in "Inside Daisy Clover" (1965) and then played World War II agent Eddie Chapman in "Triple Cross" (1966). He had a role as Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in "The Night of the Generals" (1967). Plummer replaced Rex Harrison for the movie version of "Doctor Dolittle". However, Harrison later came back for the movie. Plummer was paid $87,500 for signing the contract.

Plummer had the main role in "Oedipus the King" (1968) and "The High Commissioner" (1968). He was later in "Battle of Britain" (1969) and "Lock Up Your Daughters" (1969). That same year, he played Inca Emperor Atahualpa in "The Royal Hunt of the Sun". Plummer played the Duke of Wellington in "Waterloo" (1970) with Rod Steiger as Napoleon Bonaparte. He played Rudyard Kipling in "The Man Who Would Be King" (1975). He was also in the comedy "The Return of the Pink Panther" (1975), with Peter Sellers and "The Silent Partner" (1978). He was in "Aces High" (1976), "Starcrash" (1978), and "International Velvet" (1978). He played Sherlock Holmes in "Murder by Decree" (1979).
Plummer was in the romantic drama "Somewhere in Time" (1980), the drama "Eyewitness" (1981), and the comedy "Dragnet" (1987). Plummer also did some voice work. He voiced Henri the pigeon in "An American Tail" (1986) and the Grand Duke of Owls in "Rock-a-Doodle" (1991).

Plummer was in "" (1991). He was also in Spike Lee's drama biographical movie "Malcolm X" (1992), Mike Nichols' horror drama "Wolf" (1994), Taylor Hackford's psychological drama "Dolores Claiborne" (1995), and Terry Gilliam's science fiction drama "12 Monkeys" (1995). One of Plummer's most well known roles was as journalist Mike Wallace in Michael Mann's "The Insider" (1999). Plummer later played Dr. Rosen in Ron Howard's Academy Award-winning movie "A Beautiful Mind" (2001). He played Uncle Ralph in the 2002 movie version of Charles Dickens novel "Nicholas Nickleby". He also played the philosopher Aristotle in "Alexander" (2004). Plummer was wanted for the role of Gandalf for "The Lord of the Rings" movie series. He did not want the role.

In 2004, Plummer played John Adams Gates in the Disney adventure movie "National Treasure". In 2005, he appeared in Stephen Gaghan's drama "Syriana", the romantic comedy "Must Love Dogs", and Terrence Malick's drama "The New World". Plummer did not like working with Malick on "The New World". He called Malick "boring" and told him to get a writer instead of Malick doing everything. He played Arthur Case in another Spike Lee's movie called "Inside Man" (2006). That same year, he was in the romantic drama "The Lake House" (2006). In 2009, Plummer voiced the main villain Charles Muntz in Pixar's animated movie "Up". Muntz character design was inspired by Plummer. That same year he also had a voice role in "9" playing 1.

In January 2010, Plummer got his first Academy Award nomination for his role as author Leo Tolstoy in "The Last Station" (2009). In an interview about his Academy Award nomination, Plummer said: "Well, I said it's about time! I mean, I'm 80 years old, for God's sake. Have mercy". He lost the Academy Award to Christoph Waltz.

Plummer had a role in David Fincher's "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo", playing businessman Henrik Vanger. Plummer got his second nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Hal in Mike Mills' independent comedy drama movie "Beginners" (2011). In the role, Plummer played a dying 80-year old who recently came out as gay to his son. He won the Academy Award for his role in "Beginners" at age 82. At the time, this made Plummer the oldest actor to win an Academy Award. In 2021, Anthony Hopkins won an Academy Award at age 83, beating Plummer's record. His Academy Award also made Plummer one of the few actors and only Canadian to win the Triple Crown of Acting. In 2014, he appeared with Shirley MacLaine in the comedy-drama "Elsa & Fred". In 2015, he was in "Remember" as a Holocaust survivor with dementia. Plummer played Ebenezer Scrooge in "The Man Who Invented Christmas" (2017).

In November 2017, Plummer was hired to replace Kevin Spacey as J. Paul Getty in "All the Money in the World". He was director Ridley Scott's first choice for the role, but TriStar Pictures wanted a more well known actor for the role. Plummer was hired because Spacey had been accused of sexual harassment and sexual assault. All scenes that had Spacey were filmed again with Plummer. This happened a few weeks before the movie's release. For his role, Plummer earned Golden Globe, BAFTA, and Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actor. Plummer, at age 89, became the oldest actor to be nominated for an Academy Award.

Plummer had a role in Rian Johnson's mystery thriller movie "Knives Out" (2019) as rich mystery writer Harlan Thrombey. Plummer also played Frank Pitsenbarger in the war drama "The Last Full Measure" (2020), in his final movie role. In 2021 before his death, Plummer was hired to play the main character for a movie version of Shakespeare's "King Lear".

Plummer had his first television role in 1953 for Canadian Broadcasting Corporation version of "Othello". He was also in a 1953 "Studio One" episode "The Gathering Night". In the 1950s, he appeared in "The Alcoa Hour", "General Electric Theater", "Kraft Television Theatre", and "Omnibus". In 1956, he was in an episode of CBS's "Appointment with Adventure".

He was in the live television drama "Little Moon of Alban". He got his first Emmy Award nomination for this role. He played Torvald Helmer in a 1959 television movie version of Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's House". Plummer had a role in the television version of Philip Barry's "The Philadelphia Story" (1959). In 1964, his role as Gloomy Dane in the BBC's "Hamlet at Elsinore" got him his second Emmy nomination. He played Hamlet in "Hamlet at Elsinore".

He played Herod Antipas in the television miniseries "Jesus of Nazareth" (1977). Plummer played Herbert Kappler in the television movie "The Scarlet and the Black". He had a role in the television series "The Thorn Birds". From 1993 to 1995, he narrated the animated television series "Madeline" and won an Emmy Award for his voice work. He also narrated the animated television series "The World of David the Gnome".

In 2000, Plummer played Sir David Maxwell Fyfe in the Emmy Award-winning "Nuremberg" (2000). That same year he was in "American Tragedy" as F. Lee Bailey. He was in "Miracle Planet", and a documentary by Ric Burns about Eugene O'Neill. He got an Emmy Award nomination for his role in the television movie version of the play "On Golden Pond". Plummer voiced Arngeir, speaker for the Greybeards, in the video game "".

At the age of 89, he appeared in a main role in "Departure". It was a Canadian-British television series. Plummer returned for season 2, but worked from home because of the COVID-19 pandemic. He finished filming for the second season before his death.

Plummer married Tammy Grimes in 1956. Their marriage lasted four years. They had a daughter together, actress Amanda Plummer. Plummer was married to journalist Patricia Lewis from 1962, until their divorce in 1967. He later married actress Elaine Taylor in 1970. They lived together in Weston, Connecticut. He used to live in Darien, Connecticut before moving to Weston. Plummer had no children by his second or third marriages.

In 1968, Plummer was honored as a Companion of the Order of Canada. His memoir, "In Spite of Myself", was published in November 2008. Plummer supported the Theatre Museum Canada and donated money to keep the museum open.

Plummer died at his home in Weston, Connecticut on February 5, 2021 at the age of 91. He died two and a half weeks after a fall where he hit his head. Plummer's wife Elaine said that he had died "peacefully" when she was at his side. Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau said that there is "no doubt [that] his work will continue to inspire and entertain us all for years to come". He called Plummer an "iconic actor".

"The Sound of Music" actress Julie Andrews said that "The world has lost a [great] actor today and I have lost a [good] friend".

Ana de Armas, Jamie Lee Curtis, Katherine Langford, Rian Johnson, Chris Evans, Don Johnson, William Shatner, Anne Hathaway, Elijah Wood, Vera Farmiga, Ed Asner, Ridley Scott, Spike Lee, Simon Pegg, Kate Beckinsale, Antonio Banderas, Leonard Maltin, Daniel Dae Kim, George Takei, Russell Crowe, Bruce Greenwood and Joseph Gordon-Levitt also reacted to his death.

A postage stamp honoring Plummer was released by Canada Post on October 13, 2021.


Jeffrey Tambor

Jeffrey Michael Tambor (born July 8, 1944) is an American actor and voice artist. He is known for his role as Hank Knigsley on "The Larry Sanders Show", King Atlantis in "SpongeBob SquarePants", and as George Bluth, Sr. and Oscar Bluth on "Arrested Development". He won a Golden Globe Award and an Emmy Award in 2015.

Tambor was married to Kathryn Mitchell from 1991 until they divorced in 1999. He is currently married to Kasia Ostlun since 2001 and have 4 children together.

Bill Cobbs

Wilbert "Bill" Cobbs (born June 16, 1934) is an American movie and television actor. He has starred in over 120 movies and television programs.

Cobbs was born on June 16, 1934 in Cleveland, Ohio. Cobbs is the second cousin of the late African American actor James Baskett.

Cobbs career began during 1973 in the movie "Santa Buddies: The Legend of Santa Paws". He is known for his role in "The Bodyguard". Cobbs latest appearance was in "The Muppets" (2011) and in "Oz the Great and Powerful" (2013). Cobbs is not married and lives in Los Angeles, California and in New York City, New York. Cobbs continues to act.

World line

A world line is the unique path that an object has as it travels through both space and time, usually called spacetime. As we learn from special relativity, the faster an object goes, the more time slows down for that object. As you can see in the illustration to the right, the slower object has a quicker passage of time than the very fast object, the one which time passes much more slowly for. When an object reaches the speed of light, it will be zero on the "t" axis, meaning that it will have made no progress in the time direction. Basically, the world lines show that when the speed of light is reached, time stops for the observer. World lines are very often used in theoretical physics and special relativity, as well as general relativity.

The concept of world lines is used widely in theoretical physics, for it shows some interesting facts about high-speed motion. For example, the time dilation equation presented by Albert Einstein is algebraically undefined when an object's velocity is the speed of light, but using world lines one can find that when the speed is the speed of light, time will stop. Although Einstein's equation (for time dilation) does show that an object going faster than light goes backward in time, the same concept can be described using world lines.

Vase in the Form of a Phallus

Vase in the Form of a Phallus is an ancient Greek terracotta vase in the form of a flaccid, uncircumcised, penis. The scrotum and pubic hair are depicted. Its overall measurements are 4 ½ 4 3 ½ (11.4 10.2 8.9 ). It dates back to the Archaic period, about 550 BC to 500 BC. Phallic vases are rare in Archaic Greek pottery, and this vase is thought to have held a perfumed oil, used for erotic or medicinal purposes. It is also believed to have been made in Rhodes. The museum writes that the vase displays a playfulness typical of Greek art.

Noureddine Morceli

Noureddine Morceli (born February 28, 1970 in Ténès, Chlef Province) is a retired Algerian athlete. He won the 1500 m run at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He won the silver medal in the 1500 m at the World Junior Championships in 1988. Morceli went to college in Riverside, California.

Morceli was coached by his brother Abderrahmane. His brother ran for Algeria in the Moscow Olympics of 1980 and in Los Angeles in 1984.

Mohamed Bahari

Mohamed Bahari (born June 29, 1976 in Sidi Bel Abbes, Algeria) is a boxer from Algeria.

Bahari won the bronze medal in the middleweight division (71–75 kg) at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. Bahari became a professional boxer in 2003. His last fight was in 2004. He retired with a record of 3-2-2.

George Ryan

George Homer Ryan, Sr. (born February 24 1934) is an American politician. He is a Republican. He was the former Governor of Illinois. He is a member for the United States Republican Party. His political career was tarnished due to scandals and corruption: Ryan was found guilty on almost all charges and sent to prison. He was released in 2013. Ryan was Illinois' Governor beginning 1999 until 2003. He is listed as Federal Inmate Number 16627-424, and was scheduled July 4, 2013. He was released in June 2013.

Nouria Mérah-Benida

Nouria Mérah-Benida (born October 19, 1970 in Algiers) is an Algerian middle distance runner.

At the 1999 All-Africa Games in Johannesburg Mérah-Benida won silver medals in both 800 metres and 1500 metres. At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney she won the gold medal. In 2000 she also won an 800 m silver medal and a 1500 m gold medal at the African Championships.

Ali Saïdi-Sief

Ali Saidi-Sief (born March 15, 1978 in Constantine) is an Algerian Olympic runner. His speciality is the 1500 m race. He won a silver medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics for the 5000 m.

Saidi-Sief received a two-year suspension from the International Association of Athletics Federations. He failed a urine test at the 2001 World Championships in Athletics in Edmonton, Canada. He tested positive for nandrolone, a banned performance-enhancing steroid.

Djabir Saïd-Guerni

Djabir Saïd-Guerni (born March 29, 1977 in Algiers) is an Algerian retired athlete. He ran in the 800 metres. He won a bronze medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics.

He announced his retirement on 6 May 2007, following injury problems. His personal best time was 1:43.09 minutes. He got this in September 1999 in Brussels.



Abderrahmane Hammad

Abderrahmane Hammad Zaheer (born May 27, 1977 in Dellys) is a former Algerian track and field athlete. He was in the high jump. He won the bronze medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was also in the 2004 Athens Olympics. His personal best of 2.34 m is the Algerian record for the event. He retired from the sport in 2010.

Hammad began his international career as a junior in 1994. He won the high jump silver medals at the African Junior Athletics Championships and Pan Arab Junior Championships. He went on to win the African Junior gold medal the following year. Then he won the Arab Junior title in 1996. He was at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics but did not make it into the final round.

Hammad had his first international success at senior level in 1997. He won the silver at both the Pan Arab Championships and the 1997 Pan Arab Games.

The 2000 season was the top of his career. He kept his title at the 2000 African Championships in Athletics in Algiers. He made his areer best jump of 2.34 m. He then was in his first Olympicss at the 2000 Sydney Games. He won the bronze medal. He won the high jump at the 2001 Mediterranean Games. He was ninth at the 2001 World Championships in Athletics. He won his third high jump title in a row at the 2002 African Championships in Athletics. He took bronze at the 2002 IAAF Grand Prix Final. He placed fourth for Africa at the 2002 IAAF World Cup.

He represented Algeria for a second time at the Olympics at the 2004 Games in Athens. He failed to reach the final. He was at the 2004 Pan Arab Games and took the high jump title.


Mohamed Allalou

Mohamed Allalou (born September 28, 1973) is an Algerian boxer. He was in the Men's Light Welterweight division at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He won the bronze medal. He was also in the 1996 Summer Olympics.




Epiktetos

Epiktetos was an ancient Greek potter and vase painter. His name means "newly acquired". He may have been a slave, as were most potters and painters in ancient Greece. He worked mostly with cups and plates between 520 and 490 BC in the red-figure style. He signed more than half his works. He was an expert with the "tondo"the circular picture at the bottom of a cup. He painted mostly everyday scenes rather than mythological ones. His end is unknown.


Soraya Haddad

Soraya Haddad (born September 30, 1984 in El-Kseur) is an Algerian judoka. She won the bronze medal in the Women's 52 kg weight class at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She was African champion four times: 2004, 2005, 2008 and 2011. She also won the bronze medal in the 48 kg category in the 2005 World Championships in Egypt. 

Amar Benikhlef

Amar Benikhlef (born 11 January 1982) is an Algerian judoka. He won the silver medal in the 90 kg group of Judo in 2008.


Kalos inscription

A "kalos" inscription is a marking on ancient Greek pottery. They were prevalent during the Classical period (550 to 450 BC). "Kalos" (καλός) means "beautiful", and in these inscriptions it had an erotic meaning. The word kalos was followed by the beloved's nameusually a youth, but sometimes a girl or woman working as a prostitute. These inscriptions are usually found on the drinking cups used during a drinking party. They were probably declarations of love. They are sometimes found as graffiti on walls.

Koji Murofushi

Murofushi was born in Numazu, Shizuoka Prefecture. His family were international sports competitors. His early interest in the hammer was encouarged by his father, Shigenobu Murofushi, who is an Olympic athlete and Asian Games champion. He is the brother of Yuka Murofushi, who is also an Olympian. 

Murofushi won the gold medal in the hammer throw at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.

He won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.



Lachesis (genus)

Lachesis, also known as the "bushmasters", is a genus of venomous Pit vipers found in forests of Central and South America. The name ""Lachesis"" is also the name of one of the Three Fates in Greek mythology. There are currently three species found.

Adult bushmasters can grow up to the length of 2 meters (6.5 ft) to 2.5 meters (8.25 ft), but there have been some which have grown up to the length of 3 meters (10 ft). The largest one ever found was 3.65 meters (12 ft) long, making the bushmasters the longest venomous snakes in the Western Hemisphere and the longest vipers in the world. They are not the heaviest vipers in the world, but adults usually weigh up to 3 to 5 kg (6.6 to 11 Ib). 

Bushmasters are found in forest areas of Central and South America. They are also found on the island Trinidad

Bushmasters are oviparous: they lay eggs. This makes bushmasters different to other pit vipers found in the New World, because other pit vipers are viviparous, they give live birth instead of laying eggs. A female can lay around a dozen eggs at a time. The female stays with her eggs until they have hatched and may attack any predator that comes near the nest.

The bushmasters are one of the largest and dangerous snakes in South America, and can inject a large amount of venom into their enemies. Even young bushmaster's bites are harmful, but bushmasters are nocturnal (they are active at night), so not a lot of people have been bitten by them.


Leonid Yengibarov

Leonid Georgievich Yengibarov (; ; March 15, 1935 – July 25, 1972) was a Soviet clown and actor.

Yengibarov was born in Moscow. His father was Armenian. His mother was Russian. He started his career as a boxer. In 1955 he joined the State School of Circus Art. After graduation in 1959 he moved to Yerevan and joined the Armenian state circus.

He was one of the first Soviet clowns to create the poetic, intellectual clownery. He was invited to work in cinema. His first film was "A Path to the Arena".

In 1960s he was known as one of the best clowns in the USSR and Eastern bloc. He created a pantomime troupe, and managed to stage only a single piece, "Star Rain" before his death in 1972.

Wife: Jarmila Galamkova

Daughter: Barbara Yengibarova (Born in 1965)


Films about him

Great Sandy Desert

The Great Sandy Desert is a desert in the northwest of Australia, mostly in Western Australia. It is the second-largest desert in Australia (after the Great Victoria Desert). It covers about . South of the Great Sandy Desert is the Gibson Desert, and to the east is the Tanami Desert.

There are not many people living in the Great Sandy Desert. Most of them are Aboriginal communities and mining towns. The Aboriginal people of the desert fall into two main groups: the Martu in the west and the Pintupi in the east. They both speak Western Desert languages.

The area does not get much rain, but even in the driest parts rainfalls rarely drop below . The rate of evaporation (how quickly the water dries up) is very high. Most of the rain comes from thunderstorms. Many drought years end with a monsoon or tropical cyclone. On average for most of the area, there are about 20-30 days where thunderstorms form.

Most of the plants growing across the Great Sandy Desert are spinifex grasses. Animals living in the desert include dingos, red kangaroo, monitor lizards, bilbies, marsupial mole, thorny devils, bearded dragons and many other species of lizard.

The first European to cross the desert was Peter Warburton. He made the journey from Alice Springs leaving in April 1873 and arriving at De Grey Station in January 1874. When Warburton arrived, he was starving and blind in one eye. He thanked his survival on his Aboriginal companion Charley. 

The Disrobing of Christ (painting)

The Disrobing of Christ is an oil painting by El Greco. It was completed in the spring of 1579 for the High Altar of the sacristy of the Cathedral of Toledo, where it still hangs. It measures 285 x 173cm. Harold Wethey says that the painting is a "masterpiece of extraordinary originality". The power of the picture depends upon El Greco's original and forceful use of color.

Azemiopinae

Azemiopinae, commonly known as the ""Fea's vipers"", is a monotypic subfamily made for a monotypic genus, "Azemiops", which contains the venomous viper, Azemiops Feae. It is found on the mountains of Southeast Asia.

The Feas's vipers can grow up to the length of 77 cm. They are blueish-gray or black in color with orange crossbands, the head is orange while the chin and throat is yellow, it also has yellow eyes.

The Fea's viper is found in northern Vietnam, southern China, south-east Myanmar, and south-east Tibet. In China the Fea's viper is found in Fujien, Guangxi, Jiangxi, Kweichow, Sichuan, Yunnan, Zhejiang.

The Fea's viper is found on mountains which have an altitude of 1000 meters. It prefers to live in cool climates which have an average temperature of 18-25 °C. In Vietnam it is found in bamboo forests.

The Fea's viper is said to be nocturnal, but some people say that it crepuscular, and it hibernates in the winter. When disturbed, the Fea's viper flattens its body to make it look wider, and opens its mouth widely to show its fangs, giving its head a triangular shape. It sometimes also vibrates it tail. Fea's vipers are said to eat small mammals.

Parable of the Prodigal Son

The Parable of the Prodigal Son is one of the parables of Jesus. It is found only in the Gospel of Luke at 15:11-32. The parable is about a son who wastes his share of his father's estate. He loses all his money and gets work feeding pigs—one of the lowest jobs a person can do according to the Jewish religion. He repents and returns to his father's house. He is welcomed and a feast is held. His older, dutiful brother who has worked without reward for his father resents the fuss made over the prodigal son. His father reminds him that all he has is his. He says they should still celebrate the return of the younger boy because he has come back to them. In the Western Catholic church, this parable is usually read on the third Sunday of Lent. In the Eastern Orthodox Church it is read on the "Sunday of the Prodigal Son". The parable is the subject of much art, music, literature, and stage works.

This is the last of three parables about loss and redemption. It follows the Parable of the Lost Sheep and the Parable of the Lost Coin. Jesus tells this parable after the Pharisees and religious leaders accuse him of welcoming and eating with "sinners." The father's joy described in the parable reflects divine love, the "boundless mercy of God," and "God's refusal to limit the measure of his grace."

Parable of the Mustard Seed

The Parable of the Mustard Seed is one of the parables of Jesus. It is found in three of the Gospels of the New Testament: Gospel of Matthew (13:31–32), Gospel of Mark (4:30–32), and Gospel of Luke (13:18–19). The differences among the three tellings are minor. 

In Matthew and Luke, this parable is followed by the Parable of the Leaven. The Parable of the Leaven also has a theme about the Kingdom of Heaven growing from small beginnings. A version of the parable also occurs in the non-canonical Gospel of Thomas 20.

The parable from Matthew reads: "The Kingdom of Heaven is like a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and sowed in his field; which indeed is smaller than all seeds. But when it is grown, it is greater than the herbs, and becomes a tree, so that the birds of the air come and lodge in its branches." The parables from Mark and Luke are similar.

Parable of the Lost Sheep

The Parable of the Lost Sheep is one of the parables of Jesus. It is found in the Gospel of Matthew at 18:12–14 and the Gospel of Luke at 15:3–7. It also appears in the non-canonical Gospel of Thomas. The parable is one of three that tell of loss and redemption. The others are The Lost Coin and The Prodigal Son. The Lost Sheep tells of a shepherd who leaves his 99 sheep to search for one sheep that is lost. Joel B. Green writes that "these parables are ... about God, ... their aim is to lay bare the nature of the divine response to the recovery of the lost." The parable has been depicted often in art.

Brandenburg Gate (Potsdam)

The Brandenburg Gate () on the "Luisenplatz" in Potsdam, should not be confused with the gate of the same name on Berlin's "Pariser Platz", it was built in 1770/71 by Carl von Gontard and Georg Christian Unger by order of Frederick II of Prussia. It stands at the western end of "Brandenburger Straße", which runs in a straight line up to the Church of St. Peter and St. Paul.

Previously, from 1733, there was another, simpler gate on the same spot, which resembled a castle gateway. Together with the city wall, a form of toll barrier, and the other gates it was intended to prevent desertion and smuggling.

Towards the end of the Seven Years' War, Frederick the Great had the old gate demolished and built, in its stead, this new Brandenburg Gate, as a symbol of his victory.

Since the city wall was demolished around 1900 the Brandenburg Gate has been a free-standing structure.


List of amphibians

This is a list of amphibians by family

Total 6771 species

Total 5966 species

Total 619 species

Total 186 species


Frogs as pets

Frogs have become a popular exotic pet. They can be kept in basic conditions, compared to reptiles. They are not expensive and their food is easily purchased. Common pet frogs includes ranids, hylids, bufonids, leptodactylids, and dendrobatids.

Pet frogs can be fed a lot of different live foods. These include crickets, rodents and fish. Small pet frogs will only eat crickets, fruit flies, springtails and other small arthropods. Medium-sized pet frogs can be fed larger crickets, mealworms, butterworms, silkworms, grasshoppers and small fish. Large pet frogs like "Ceratophrys" can be fed small fish, other frogs, reptiles, and small mammals such as mice or rats.

Amphibians of all sizes would need different terrariums. Tree frogs like to climb and can escape if a pet owner does not add a top cover for their tanks. Semi-aquatic amphibians need both land and water divided in the tank. Tropical frogs would need mist and high humidity in their terrariums. All water for amphibians must be dechlorinated. The chlorine can kill amphibians, and may be in tap water. Many amphibians are popular exotic pets and are found in some pet stores.

Bombinatoridae

Bombinatoridae or fire-bellied toads is a family of toads. It includes two genus "Barbourula" and "Bombina". They have bright colors which means that they are toxic.

Family Bombinatoridae

Debbie Allen

Deborrah Kaye "Debbie" Allen (born January 16, 1950, Houston ) is an American dancer, actress and television producer. She also taught choreography and acted in Broadway plays.

Ascaphidae

Ascaphidae is a family of frogs. They are called tailed frogs because they have an organ that looks like a tail. The tail helps them to live in fast-moving streams. They live in North America.



Pipidae

The Pipidae is a family of frogs. They do not have tongues. There are over 30 species of Pipidae frogs. They are found in tropical places in South America and Africa.

Family Pipidae


African bullfrog

The African bullfrog ("Pyxicephalus adspersus") is a species of frog. They are in the Ranidae family. They are commonly named pixie frog because of their Latin name. They are found in Angola, Botswana, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Eswatini, Tanzania, Zambia, Zimbabwe, and possibly Democratic Republic of the Congo. They live in dry savannas, subtropical or tropical habitats. Males are bigger and longer than females.


Twyla Tharp

Twyla Tharp (born July 1 1941) is an American dancer and choreographer. She lives and works in New York City. 

Her work often uses classical music, jazz, and contemporary pop music. In 1973, Tharp choreographed the ballet "Deuce Coupe" to the music of The Beach Boys. It is considered to be the first crossover ballet. Later she choreographed "Push Comes to Shove". That ballet featured Mikhail Baryshnikov and is now thought to be the best example of the crossover ballet.

Tharp has choreographed dances for many important ballet companies around the world. She also has had success on Broadway. In 1985, her staging of "Singin' in the Rain," played at the Gershwin for 367 performances. Her dance musical "Movin' Out" ran for 1,331 performances on Broadway. The musical is set to the music and lyrics of Billy Joel. It received 10 Tony Award nominations and Tharp was named Best Choreographer. 

Twyla Tharp received two Emmy Awards, 19 honorary doctorates, the Vietnam Veterans of America President’s Award, the 2004 National Medal of the Arts.

Tharp was inducted into the Academy of Achievement in 1993.

She was named a Kennedy Center Honoree for 2008.


Chytridiomycosis

Chytridiomycosis is a disease that can kill amphibians, for example frogs. A fungus causes it. THe chytrid fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" causes the disease. The animals can catch it from each other. Chytridiomycosis one reason why there are fewer amphibians on Earth than there were. The fungus has decreased the amphibian population by 30% worldwide. Many spcies are now extict because they died of chitridiomycosis. In some species, only a few animals die, but in other species, they all die. This is called 100% mortality. There is no cure. 


Temnospondyl

Temnospondyls are an order of small to giant batrachomorph tetrapods. They lived worldwide from the Carboniferous to the Triassic. A few species continued into the Lower Cretaceous.

The Temnospondyls are similar or identical to the Labyrinthodonts minus the Lepospondyls. It is probably an evolutionary grade, not monophyletic. It is convenient to use, because all these early amphibia were so different from present-day amphibia. Many in the early Permian looked more like reptiles because they were adapted to life in a drier climate. Nevertheless, they were amphibians, and many larval stages have been found.

They are a large group of some 40 families and 160 genera. Fossils have been found on every continent. Their evolutionary history spans 210 million years. During this time, they adapted to a wide range of habitats including fresh water, terrestrial, and even coastal marine environments.

Fossils are known from the larval stage, metamorphosis, and maturity. Most temnospondyls were semiaquatic, although some were almost fully terrestrial, returning to the water only to breed. These temnospondyls were some of the first vertebrates fully adapted to life on land. Although temnospondyls are considered amphibians, many had characteristics such as scales, claws, and armour-like bony plates which modern amphibians do not have.

The youngest known temnospondyl is the Australian Koolasuchus that lived about 120 million years ago during the Early Cretaceous.


Lepospondyl

The Lepospondyli are a large group of batrachomorph tetrapods from the Palaeozoic era. They are sometimes included in the Labyrinthodonts. 

They lived during the Carboniferous to the early Permian. There are six different groups. The Acherontiscidae, Adelospondyli, Aïstopoda, Lysorophia, Microsauria and Nectridea. The included species which looked somewhat like newts, eels, snakes and lizards. Some of them were aquatic, semi-aquatic, and terrestrial animals. None of them were big animals.


Peltobatrachus

Peltobatrachus (from Greek pelte, meaning shield and batrakhos, meaning frog) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibians from the late Permian period of Tanzania. They were large and slow-moving animals. They reached 70 centimeters (2.3 ft) in length. They were terrestrial amphibians. They only went back to the water to lay their eggs. They eat insects, worms and snails.

Terrestrial animal

A terrestrial animal is an animal that lives on land such as dog, cat, an ant or an emu. It can also be used for some species of amphibians that only go back to the water to lay their eggs. It is usually a term to describe the difference between animals that live in water, (such as lobsters and fish), from animals that live on land.


Sister group

A sister group or sister taxon is a term used to describe the closest relatives of an organism (or other taxon) in a phylogenetic tree. It is a term in cladistics.

The sister group of organism A is B. The sister group of the clade B+A, is C.

Reptiliomorpha

Reptiliomorpha is a clade of the amniotes and those tetrapods that share a more recent common ancestor with amniotes than with living amphibians (lissamphibians).

Unfortunately, different experts have used the term in several different ways. It has even been used for fossils of early amphibians. It is best used for animals which lay cleidoic eggs, but are not synapsids. Otherwise precursors of reptiles (sauropsids) get lumped together with precursors of mammals (synapsids).

Its only justification is that it may not always be possible to decide which group a fossil is from. But gradually, as with "Seymouria", it is possible to separate fossils into more specific grouups.

Youth Riding a Hippalektryon (Epiktetos)

Youth Riding a Hippalektryon is a circular painting (tondo) in the bottom of the bowl of an ancient Greek terracotta drinking cup. It was painted by Epiktetos. It is dated to the Archaic period of Greek art (ca. 530–520 BC). The cup stands about 5 1/8 in. (13 cm) tall. A hippalektryon is a mythical creature, part horse and part rooster. The cup is held in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The museum writes, "Late sixth-century vases connected with drinking occasionally have subjects that go beyond the familiar gorgons, griffins, or sphinxes. The hippalektryon belongs to this category. It is interesting to compare this piece to the fine early red-figure plate by Epiktetos showing a youth riding a rooster."

Spy-fi

The genre known as Spy-fi is a cross-over between the genres of spy fiction and science fiction. The story usually involves a spy with advanced technological weapons or gadgets, and sometimes the villain is a mad scientist or evil genius with robots or advanced technological weapons and gadgets. The film and novel series "James Bond" was a popularizer of the genre, as well as such TV shows as The Man from UNCLE, , and I Spy.

Amanda Marshall

Amanda Marshall (born August 29, 1972) is a Canadian pop-rock singer. Her self-titled first record was in 1995. It was a major success in Canada. Her most successful single was "Birmingham". Marshall has released many singles. She has not had a studio album since around 2001.

Singing Reveler (Epiktetos)

Singing Reveler is the tondo (circular painting) in a terracotta drinking cup said to have been painted by Epiktetos. It is dated about 520510 BC. The cup measures 3 1/16 x 9 15/16 x 7 1/16 to 7 3/16 in. The cup is in the collections of The J. Paul Getty Museum.

The tondo depicts an older, balding man reclining on a couch and singing. The setting is probably a drinking party ("symposium"). These cups were meant to be used at such parties and were often decorated with party scenes. 

The tondo presented problems to painters. It was difficult to present upright figures in a circle. Epiktetos solved this problem by using the couch as a line. The man's mantle slipping from the couch creates depth and space. The museum writes, "Epiktetos also used the circular frame of the tondo as part of the composition: it supports the man's pillow, and he props his foot on it."

Pentathletes (Carpenter Painter)

Pentathletes is a painting on an ancient Greek terracotta drinking cup from Athens. It is said to be the work of the Carpenter Painter. It is dated about 510500 BC. The cup measures 4 5/16 x 15 x 13 3/16 in. In the circular painting (tondo) at the bottom of the bowl of the cup, a youth pulls an older man to him for a kiss. The outside of the cup depicts bearded men and youths exercising with discus and javelin. A youth in a long robe plays music. The pictures reflect the interests of the aristocrats who would have used such a cup at a drinking party.

Salt pan

A salt plain (also known as a salt pan or salt flat) is a flat area of ground covered with salt and other minerals. They are usually purely white. They are found in desert areas. In areas where salt plains form, the rate of evaporation (how quickly water dries up) is faster than the rate of precipitation (how often rain falls). A salt plain is formed where a lake or pond would otherwise be found. When the water dries up, the minerals stay left behind on the suface of the ground. Over thousands of years, the minerals (usually salts) build up on the surface.

Large salt plains are common in the Sahara Desert, the Kalahari Desert, the Rann of Kutch, the western United States and the central deserts of Australia. The Altiplano in Bolivia has the world's largest salt plan, the Salar de Uyuni.


Witchetty grub

A witchetty grub (also spelled witchety grub or witjuti grub) is the large, white larva of a moth. It is a name used in Australia. Normally, it refers to the larvae of the cossid moth "Endoxyla leucomochla", found in central Australia. These moths eat the roots of the witchetty bush (a plant named after the grubs). It is also sometimes used to refer to the larvae of other cossid moths, as well as those of ghost moths (Hepialidae). It is used mainly when the larvae are being thought of as food. Because it contains a lot of protein, the grub is the most important insect food of the desert. It was a staple in the diets of nomadic Aboriginal people living in the outback.

The name "witchetty" (or "witjuti") comes from the Adnyamathanha language. The name comes from the words "wityu" (meaning "hooked stick") and "vartu" (meaning "grub").


Carpenter Painter

The Carpenter Painter was a red-figure vase painter. He worked in Athens. He was active between 515 and 500 BC. He chiefly painted cups. His real name is unknown. "Carpenter Painter" is taken from his depiction of a carpenter at work on a cup in the British Museum. Few of his works are known. The way he painted nipples, pectorals, hands, garments, and other details identify his work.


John Astin

John Allen Astin (born March 30, 1930) is an American movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor. He has acted in many movies and television shows. He is best known for his role as Gomez Addams in "The Addams Family", his role in "Evil Roy Slade", and other comedic characters.

Astin was born on March 30, 1930 in Baltimore, Maryland. He studied at Washington & Jefferson College and at Johns Hopkins University.

Astin was married to Suzanne Hahn from 1956 until they divorced in 1972. He was married to Patty Duke from 1972 to 1985. He married Valeri Ann Sandobal in 1989. Astin had five sons; three by Hahn (David, Allen, and Tom), one by Duke (Mackenzie) and one adopted by Astin and Duke (Sean). Astin lives in Baltimore, Maryland.


Peter O'Toole

Peter Seamus O'Toole (2 August 1932 – 14 December 2013) was a British stage and movie actor. He was known for his stage plays that were mostly based on that of William Shakespeare.

O'Toole was born on 2 August 1932 in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire, England

O'Toole's career lasted almost 60 years. He became famous for his role as T. E. Lawrence in "Lawrence of Arabia" (1962). He received his first Academy Award nomination for that role. He received seven more Academy Award nominations – for "Becket" (1964), "The Lion in Winter" (1968), "Goodbye, Mr. Chips" (1969), "The Ruling Class" (1972), "The Stunt Man" (1980), "My Favorite Year" (1982), and "Venus" (2006). O'Toole holds the record for the most Academy Award nominations by an actor without a win.

O'Toole won four Golden Globes, a BAFTA Award, and an Emmy Award. He also received an honorary Academy Award in 2003. 

O'Toole died on 14 December 2013 in London, England from stomach cancer. He was 81 years old.

O'Toole was born on 2 August 1932 in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire, England. His mother was Constance Jane Eliot (née Ferguson), a Scottish nurse. His father was Patrick Joseph O'Toole, an Irish footballer. O'Toole studied to become an actor at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art from 1952 until 1954.

O'Toole's career began in 1954 on stage. His movie career began in 1960 in the movie "Kidnapped" as Robin MacGregor. His became famous when he played T. E. Lawrence in "Lawrence of Arabia". He became one of the most famous actors during the 1960s and 1970s. In 1972 O'Toole played both Miguel de Cervantes and Don Quixote in "Man of La Mancha".

In 1980, he received good reviews for playing the director in the behind-the-scenes movie "The Stunt Man". He received mixed reviews as John Tanner in "Man and Superman" and as Henry Higgins in "Pygmalion". He won a Laurence Olivier Award for his performance in "Jeffrey Bernard is Unwell" (1989).

O'Toole played King Priam in the 2004 movie "Troy". His last worldwide movie role was as food critic Anton Ego in the 2007 Disney-Pixar movie "Ratatouille". On 10 July 2012 O'Toole released a statement that he would be retiring.

He was offered a knighthood but rejected it in objection to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's policies.

O'Toole was nominated for eight Academy Awards. He holds the record of having the most nominations for an Academy Award without winning. He won four Golden Globes, a BAFTA Award, and an Emmy Award. In 2003 O'Toole received an honorary Academy Award.

O'Toole was married to Siân Phillips from 1959 until they divorced in 1979. O'Toole had three children; two daughters with Phillips (Kate and Patricia) and a son by his girlfriend Karen Brown (Lorcan Patrick O'Toole). O'Toole lived in London, England. He was lifelong friends with Irish actor Richard Harris until Harris' death in 2002.

O'Toole recovered from stomach cancer in the 1970s. He also had stomach cancer for the last eighteen months of his life. He died of the disease in the Wellington Hospital in London, aged 81. President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins lead a tribute to O'Toole. Higgins called O'Toole "a friend".

O'Toole's funeral was held on 20 December 2013 at his London home. Rock star Sting and ex-wife Siân attended his funeral. His remains were later cremated. O'Toole's remains ware being planned to be taken back to his birthplace of Connemara, Ireland. His daughter Kate said, "We're bringing him home. It's what he would have wanted." At the mean time, O'Toole's ashes are kept in a safe in the Irish presidential mansion.


Cerastes

Cerastes is a genus of small venomous vipers growing up to the length of around 50 cm. There are currently three species found. They are usually known as the ""Horned Vipers"", the ""North African Desert Vipers"", or the ""Cerastes Vipers"".

The Horned Viper is nocturnal and terrestrial (lives on the ground), and is usually found buried underneath the sand. They are said to be slow moving, but they are able to do sidewinding. When they do sidewinding they can move faster across the sand. They are able to sink into the sand by moving in a rocking motion. They sink into the sand tail first and keep on sinking deeper into the sand until only their eyes and nose are sticking out of the sand. The reason they do this is so they can ambush prey which come close to it. They are oviparous, meaning they lay eggs. They live in the deserts of North Africa, Arabia, and Iran.

The Horned Viper catch their prey by ambushing. They eat mainly rodents, birds and lizards.


Las Vegas culture

Las Vegas culture is the name for a number of setltements on the coast of present-day Ecuador. These settlements were created between roughly 8000 and 4600 BCE. In total, there are 31 settlements. The people who lived there were hunter-gatherers. They had also started agriculture. Bone points and a spatula have been discovered. They may have been used for making nets or textiles, along with various tools and containers shaped of shell; wood, bamboo, reeds, and bark are also believed to have been used in the tool industry.

No mummies have been found on the coast of Ecuador. The Las Vegas people had similarities with the people whose remains are preserved as the Chinchorro mummies of the north coast of Chile.They also lived at the same time. 

Yu Kil-chun

Yu Kil-chun (, 1856 – 1914) was a Korean politician, philosopher, thinker, reform activist and independence activist during the Joseon Dynasty. His nickname was Gudang, Chunmin, Guyil.

Yu Kil-chun was born in Kwangju. In his early years he studied under Park Kyu-su and Oh Kyung-suk. As a young man in 1881, he went to Meiji Japan to study at Keio University. He then went to the United States in 1884 to study mathematics. After that, he was accused of supporting the "Gaehwadang" (enlightenment party). He was arrested and put in jail from 1885 to 1894.

Between 1894 and 1895, Yu worked for the government of prime minister Kim Hongjip. He was Vice Minister of State for Home Office. In October 1895, Korea's King Gojong claimed that Yu was involved in the assassination of Queen Min. Kim was killed and his cabinet was disbanded. Yu went to the Russian embassy and escaped the country for exile in Japan. He returned to Korea in 1907 after he was pardoned by Emperor Sunjeong.

In 1910, when Korea was annexed by Imperial Japan, Yun started a movement against the annexation. Yu was offered the title "danshaku" by the Government of Japan, but he refused it. He died in 1914 of a heart problem. He was aged 58.




Katherine Jackson

Katherine Esther Jackson (born May 4, 1930 as Kattie B. Screws) is the matriarch of the Jackson family of musicians and singers, including Michael Jackson, La Toya and Janet Jackson. She is the widow of Joe Jackson. 

Jackson had 10 children. Several of the children became famous. In 1986 "Essence" honored her as "Mother of the Year".

In 1990, Jackson released her autobiography, "My Family". The book told about her elderly years and her relationship with her husband and their children.

On June 25, 2009, Michael Jackson died. Katherine was granted temporary guardianship of Michael's three children. In 2012 her guardianship was suspended for a short time. The guardianship resumed with TJ Jackson, Michael's nephew, added as a co-guardian. 


Fax

Fax (short for facsimile), or telecopying, is the transmission of scanned printed material (both text and images), to a telephone number connected to a printer or other output device. 

The original document is scanned with a fax machine (or a telecopier), which turns the contents (text or images) into a bitmap, then the bitmap is sent through the telephone system. The receiving fax machine reconverts the coded image, printing a paper copy. 

Businesses usually have some kind of fax system, but the technology has faced increasing competition from Internet-based methods. Fax machines still retain some advantages, particularly in the transmission of sensitive material which, if sent over the internet, may be intercepted. However, encryption (a secret coding system) can make internet messages secure.

In some countries, because electronic signatures on contracts are not recognized by law while faxed contracts with copies of signatures are, fax machines enjoy continuing support in business.

In many businesses, standalone fax machines have been replaced by fax servers which receive and store incoming faxes electronically. The servers route them to users on paper or via a secure email. Such systems reduce costs by eliminating unnecessary printouts and reducing the number of inbound phone lines needed by an office.

Scottish inventor Alexander Bain worked on chemical mechanical fax type devices and in 1846 was able to reproduce graphic signs in laboratory experiments. He received the first fax patent in 1843. Frederick Bakewell made several improvements on Bain's design and demonstrated a telefax machine. The Pantelegraph was invented by the Italian physicist Giovanni Caselli He introduced the first commercial telefax service between Paris and Lyons in 1865, some 11 years before the invention of telephones. 

In 1881, English inventor Shelford Bidwell constructed the "scanning phototelegraph" that was the first telefax machine to scan any two-dimensional original, not requiring manual plotting or drawing. Around 1900, German physicist Arthur Korn invented the "". It became widely used in continental Europe after a wanted-person photograph was transmitted from Paris to London in 1908. Its main competitors were the "Bélinograf" by Édouard Belin first, then since the 1930s the "Hellschreiber", invented in 1929 by German inventor Rudolf Hell, a pioneer in mechanical image scanning and transmission.

Transmission by landline was replaced by radiotransmission, and from 1960 by satellite transmission. Digital systems are now universal. Faster, more efficient and cheaper fax machines have allowed even small companies to own a fax machine. The technology is now world-wide.

Audrey Meadows

Audrey Meadows (born February 8 1922; died February 3 1996) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as Alice Kramden on the 1950s American television comedy "The Honeymooners". She was born in New York City by the name Audrey Cotter. Meadows died as a result of lung cancer on February 3, 1996, five days before her 74th birthday.

Carl von Gontard

Carl von Gontard (January 13, 1731 in Mannheim – September 23, 1791 in Breslau) was a German architect; he worked primarily in Berlin, Potsdam, and Bayreuth.

He modified the original Deutscher Dom and cathedrals in Berlin and added the domed towers.

Cloris Leachman

Cloris Leachman (April 30, 1926 – January 27, 2021) was an American actress.

She was in many stage plays, movies, and television programs. She won eight Primetime Emmy Awards and one Daytime Emmy Award. She was a vegetarian. Leachman was born in Des Moines, Iowa.

Leachman won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1971 for her role as Ruth Popper "The Last Picture Show".

Leachman died on January 27, 2021, at her home in Encinitas, California at the age of 94. The cause of death was a stroke caused by COVID-19.

Neue Kirche, Berlin

The Neue Kirche (; colloquially , meaning "German Cathedral"), is in Berlin. It is on the Gendarmenmarkt across from the "French Church". The Lutheran and Calvinist congregants used German as their native language. This is different than the French-speaking Calvinist congregation who owned the on the opposite side of Gendarmenmarkt. The congregants' native language combined with the domed tower gave the church its colloquial naming.




Mantellinae

Mantellinae is a subfamily of frogs. They are part of the family Mantellidae. These frogs lives in Madagascar and Mayotte. These frogs looks similar to poison dart frogs. Most Mantellinae frogs are toxic. They have a lot of warning colors. There are over 100 species in this family.

There are two genus:

Pacific tree frog

The Pacific tree frog ("Pseudacris regilla") is a species of tree frog. They live on the West Coast of North America. This includes California, Oregon and Washington in the United States, and British Columbia in Canada. They live on the ground, but some have been found living in places 10,000 feet above sea level. They are the only frogs to make a "ribbit" sound. Human beings also brought it to Ketchikan, Alaska.

This frog is small. The adult frog is 3/4 of an inch to 2 inches long from nose to rear end. It has a stripe near each eye. Sometimes there is a mark in the shape of a triangle on its head and dark marks on the legs. The frog's main body can be gray, green, light brown, brown, or black. in color. This frog can change color. It can be dark in color with no spots, then medium in color with spots, then light in color with no spots. It takes the frog about 8 to 10 minutes to change from dark to light. This frog has large disks on its toes for climbing and webbed skin on its back feet.

This frog eats insects: leaf-hoppers, spring-tails, flies, stoneflies, ants, wasps, beetles, and caterpillars. It can also eat spiders, snails, and isopods.

This frog moves around at night but it does sometimes move during the day. It can climb trees but it spends most of its time on the ground.

The female frog lays 5 to 60 eggs at a time in bodies of water at least 4 inches deep. The eggs sometimes stick to twigs or other things underwater. The tadpoles are about 45 mm long. They are black or yellow-brown in color with a white or near-white belly. 


Edible frog

The edible frog ("Pelophylax" kl. "esculentus") is a species of frogs. It lives in Europe. It is also known as water frog or green frog. However, green frog is usually given to the North American frog "Lithobates clamitans". The Edible frog is used as a food source to people in France.

Texas toad

The Texas toad ("Bufo speciosus") is a species of toads. They are very small only reaching three inches. They live in the United States in the state of Texas. But they are also found in Oklahoma, New Mexico and Mexico.


French Cathedral, Berlin

The first parts of the actual "French Church" were built from 1701 to 1705 for the Huguenot (Calvinist) community. At that time, Huguenots made up about 25% of Berlin's population. The "French Church" was modelled after the destroyed Huguenot temple in Charenton-Saint-Maurice, France.
In 1785 Carl von Gontard modified the church and built - wall to wall next to it - the domed tower, which - together with the French-speaking congregants - earned the church its naming. The domed tower is technically no part of the church, there is no access between church and tower, because both buildings have different owners. The tower, similar to that of Deutscher Dom, was simply built to give the Gendarmenmarkt a symmetric design. 

The church is not a cathedral in the strict sense of the word because it has never been the seat of a bishop.

The domed tower, which is a viewing platform open to visitors, provides a panoramic view of Berlin. A restaurant is located in the basement underneath the prayer hall. The tower also contains the Huguenot museum of Berlin.

Cane toad

The cane toad ("Bufo marinus") is a species of toad. They are also known as the marine toad or the giant neotropical toad.
Cane toads are terrestrial amphibians. This means that they only go back to the water to lay their eggs. They live in Central America and South America. However, they have been introduced to Australia, Oceania in general and the Caribbean.

Nearly 80 years ago, a group of 102 cane toads were sent to Queensland to catch sugar beetles. 
Cane-growers were concerned about the damage insect larvae were doing to crops. The insects were native to Australia, but bad for the valuable cane crops.

The first cane toads were brought into Queensland by Reginald Mungomery, an entomologist. Before 1935, Australia had no toads. The entire continent, full of various frog species, had no toads. Tough and always moving into new areas, the cane toads started reproducing and expanding outwards every wet season. This "invasion front" moved around 10 km a year until the 1960s, when it began speeding up significantly.

Cane toads are rapidly adapting to dry climates, a huge change from their origins in the South American rainforest. They have poison gland in their skin.

In their native habitat, a number of fish and reptiles prey on the tadpoles and the adult toad.
These include the broad-snouted caiman ("Caiman latirostris"), the banded cat-eyed snake ("Leptodeira annulata"), eels (family Anguillidae), various species of killifish, the black rat ("Rattus rattus") and the Asian water monitor ("Varanus salvator").

They have far fewer predators in Australia but, as time passes, some of the local animals will adapt their behaviour. Already some Australian crows have learned strategies allowing them to feed on cane toads, such as using their beak to flip toads onto their back. Opossums of the "Didelphis" genus likely can eat cane toads with impunity. Meat ants are unaffected by the cane toads' toxins, and therefore are able to kill them. The cane toad's normal response to attack is to stand still and let its toxin kill the attacker, which allows the ants to attack and eat the toad.

Ibis flip the toads about, throwing them in the air. After this they either wipe the toads in the wet grass, or they go down to a water source and rinse the toads out.

A cane toad is one of the non-human characters in Dave Barry's 1999 novel "Big Trouble" and in the 2002 movie based on the novel.


Parotoid gland

The parotoid gland is a skin gland on the back, neck and shoulder of toads and some frogs and salamanders. It secretes a substance that predators can smell. This smell will tell them that they are toxic animals. The substance, bufotoxin, acts as a neurotoxin.

Parotoid glands looks like warts on an amphibian skin. However, warts are grown by viral infections. Parotoid glands are normal and healthy parts of the animals that have them. Many people believe that touching a toad may cause warts. However, this is not true.

Mole salamander

Mole salamanders are member of the genus "Ambystoma". They are a group of animals that live in North America. They are the only genus in the family Ambystomatidae. The Axolotl ("Ambystoma mexicanum") is a popular exotic pet. They are also used in research. The Tiger Salamander ("Ambystoma tigrinum") is an official amphibian of many US states. They are also sold as pets.



Rib

A rib is a bone that forms a structure around the thorax of vertebrates. This is known as the rib cage. Humans have 24 ribs, 12 on each side. 

It is a common urban legend that male humans have one fewer pair of ribs than female humans. However, this is not true. This came from the Christian bible explaining the creation of Eve from the rib of Adam.

Taricha

Taricha is a genus of newts. There are only three species and four subspecies. They are called western newts and Pacific newts. All newts are part of the family Salamandridae. The three species in this genus are California newt, the rough-skinned newt and the red bellied newt. They are all found on the west coast of the United States.

Genus "Taricha" (Western Newts / Pacific Newts) - 3 species

Lungless salamander

The Plethodontidae is a family of lungless salamanders. They are the largest groups of salamanders. They probably evolved in North America, where there are 14 genera and about 150 species. Only one species is in Europe: it is "Speleomantes", the cave salamander.

Most of them are terrestrial and are active in daytime. Lungless salamanders may communicate with their nose. Slender salamanders are found in the Pacific Coast. They are sometimes called "worm salamanders". This is because they have slimmer (skinny) bodies than most salamanders. If touched, slender salamanders will bounce on the ground and then run away.


Irritation

Irritation in biology is a state of inflammation or painful reaction to allergy or cell damage. The skin and the eyes may turn red.


Slender salamander

Slender salamander is a common name given to lungless salamanders of the genus Batrachoseps. They are different from other lungless salamanders. They have four toes on each foot. They live in Oregon, California and Baja California in Mexico.

19 species are recognized in this genus:


Pacific coast

A Pacific coast is when a country is next to the Pacific Ocean.

Countries on the western side of the Americas have a Pacific coast as their western border.


Countries on the eastern side of Asia have a Pacific coast as their eastern border.


Countries in Oceania may have a Pacific coast anywhere, including their entire border

Chinese fire belly newt

The Chinese fire belly newt ("Cynops orientalis") is a species of newts. They are small and will reach up to 2.2-4 inches (6-10 cm). They are black and have bright orange colors on their front side. They are commonly found in pet stores. They are sometimes confused with the Japanese fire belly newt. This is because of their small size and colors. However, the Chinese fire belly newt has smoother skin and a rounder tail than the Japanese Fire Belly Newt.


Quarter (United States coin)

A quarter dollar or quarter, is a coin worth ¼ of a United States dollar. They are worth 25 cents. The quarter has been produced since 1796.



Ichthyophis beddomei

Ichthyophis beddomei is a species of caecilians. They are sometimes called Beddome's caecilian. They are part of the family Inchthyophiidae. They have a dark violet-brown body. They have yellow stripes from their head to their tail. Their upper lip and lower jaw are yellow. They live in Western Ghats.

Agalychnis callidryas

Agalychnis callidryas, commonly known as the red-eyed tree frog, is a species of tree frogs.

Red-eyed tree frogs spend most of their time on large tropical leaves. They are not poisonous, and rely on camouflage to protect themselves. During the day, they stay still, cover their blue sides with their back legs, tuck their bright feet under their stomachs, and shut their red eyes. So they look almost completely green, and are well hidden amongst the leaves. The large red eyes are a defensive adaptation called deimatic behaviour. When a red-eyed tree frog detects a predator, it abruptly opens its eyes and stares at the predator. The sudden appearance of the red eyes may startle the predator, giving the frog a chance to flee.

They are active at night. They like to eat small insects.

During mating, the female carries the male on her back for several hours during the process. The female chooses a leaf above a pond or large puddle on which to lay her clutch of eggs. The male puts out his sperm onto the eggs as they are released.

Tree frogs lay jelly-like eggs. The mothers will stay near them and help them fight any hungry animals that want to eat them. They become a tadpole in one or two weeks. They drop from the leaf and into the lake which is below the leaf.

If predators are close enough to produce vibration, the embryos sense this. After a few seconds, they vigorously hatch out into tadpoles and spread out to escape.


Common frog

The Common frog ("Rana temporaria") is a species of frog. They are also known as the European Common Frog or the European Common Brown Frog. They live in Europe, the Arctic Circle, Scandinavia, Urals, Iberia, Italy, Balkans and Ireland. They are an introduced species in most countries.


Quantum theory

Quantum theory may mean:



Bronzed frog

The bronzed frog or Günther's golden-backed frog ("Hylarana temporalis") is a species of frog. They are found in forests of Western Ghats, India and Sri Lanka. They are an important prey for many snakes include the Malabar Pit Viper and the Vine Snake.


Jefferson salamander

The Jefferson salamander ("Ambystoma jeffersonianum") is a mole salamander. They live in northeastern United States, southern Ontario and southwestern Quebec. It was named after Jefferson College in Pennsylvania.

It is usually dark gray, brown or black. Others can have silver or blue spots on their sides. These salamanders are very skinny with a wide nose and long toes. They can reach up to 11 to 18 cm.

Like other mole salamanders, the Jefferson salamander burrows. They have lungs that helps them to dig. They are only active at night. They are only active in the day when its mating season. They will breed in early spring after snow has melted in their area.


California giant salamander

The California giant salamander ("Dicamptodon ensatus") is a species of salamanders. They are part of the family Dicamptodontidae. They live in California and western United States. They are related to the Idaho giant salamander, Pacific giant salamander and the Coastal giant salamander. 

Tatsuya Fuji

, also known as Tatsuya Itou, is a Japanese actor. 

He was born in Beijing, China and grew up in Yokohama, Kanagawa. When he was a student of Nihon University College of Art, he was spotted and recruited as a fresh actor by Nikkatsu. 

Fuji made his debut on films from Nikkatsu(Japanese film distributing agency) in 1962. His first movie is "Bokyo-no-Umi". He is the first actor who trains his body for acting in Japan. Early in his career, he was often assigned the role of a villain, but ever since then, he has acted various kind of role. In the Nagisa Oshima's film "In the Realm of the Senses", he acted in a passionate and violent love scene, and the movie caused a lot of fuss. 


Bolitoglossa

Bolitoglossa is a genus of salamanders. They are also called tropical climbing salamanders and web-footed salamanders. They are part of the Plethodontidae family. They live in Central America and South America. They are terrestrial amphibians.

117 species are currently assigned to this genus.


Green toad

Green toad ("Anaxyrus debilis") is a species of toads. They live in southwestern United States in states like Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, Kansas and Texas. They can also be found in northern Mexico in states like Tamaulipas, San Luis Potosí, Durango and Zacatecas.

Green toads are green or yellow with black spots. They are not a large toad. They grow up to 2 inches. They are only active at night. They will breed in spring, summer and autumn. Males will call a female to lay her eggs in his territory.



Smooth newt

The Smooth Newt is a species of newts. They are also known as the Common Newt. It is the most common newt species of the "Lissotriton" genus of amphibians. They live in Europe, southern France and the Iberian peninsula.

Midwife toad

The Midwife toad ("Alytes") is a genus of frogs. They part of the Discoglossidae family. They live in most of Europe and northwestern Africa. They look like toads because of their hard skin. They get their name because they take care of their young on their backs. They help them from not being eaten from hungry animals. When they hatch the frog will go back to the water and allow them to swim away. 


Van Dyke's salamander

Van Dyke's salamander ("Plethodon vandykei") is a species of salamanders. They are part of the family Plethodontidae. These salamanders have been used in research studies. 



Potamogeton

Potamogeton is a genus of aquatic plants. They live in freshwater such as ponds and lakes. They part of the family Potamogentonaceae. Their common name is pondweed. The genus name means "river neighbor". They are also a food source for many fish and algae eaters.

Filter feeder

Filter feeders are animals that feed on matter and food particles from water. Some animals that do this are clams, krill, sponges, baleen whales and many fish such as sharks. Some birds such as flamingos are also filter feeders. Filter feeders can help clear water.



Surinam horned frog

Ceratophrys is a genus of frogs. They are part of the family Leptodactylidae. They are also part of the subfamily Ceratophryinae. They are also known as South American horned frogs as well as Pacman frogs. This is because they look like the video game character Pac-Man.

Woomera Test Range

The RAAF Woomera Test Range is a weapons testing facility in South Australia. It is run by the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). It covers and area of , and is the world's largest weapons test facility on land. The range is a restricted area, called the Woomera Prohibited Area. The airspace above it is also restricted, and is called the Woomera Restricted Airspace.

The range was originally set up as a place for the British to test missiles during World War II. The British asked to do weapons testing here (in the centre of Australia), because not many people lived there. A Commonwealth weapons design and test project, called the Australian-Anglo Joint Project, was signed in 1946. The range originally had an area of .

Between 1955 and 1963, the British ran a series of seven nuclear-weapon tests at Maralinga, then inside the range. The Joint Project ran until 1980, when the British withdrew from the program. The range is still used as a testing site by the Australian Defence Force. Access is leased to foreign militaries and private companies for their own testing of weapons.

It is named after the Dharuk word for a spear-thrower.


Balgo, Western Australia

Balgo is a small community in Western Australia. It is surrounded by the Great Sandy Desert and the Tanami Desert. It is an Aboriginal community; the area is traditionally Kukatja country. There are also some Pintupi families living there, who were displaced in the 1950s and 1960s. Many of them came to live here from Papunya, including some of the original artists of the Papunya Tula movement. Many of them later left Balgo when Kintore and Kiwirrkurra were set up in the 1980s. In 2006, Balgo had about 460 people living there.


Komatsu, Ishikawa

Komatsu is a city in Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan.
It is in the southern part of the prefecture, near the Sea of Japan.

Charles Perkins

Charles Nelson Perkins, AO, (16 June 1936 – 19 October 2000) was an Australian activist and Aboriginal leader. He was also a professional football player.

Perkins grew up in Alice Springs. His mother was Arrernte, and his father was Kalkadoon. He later moved to Sydney, and graduated from the University of Sydney in 1965. He was the first indigenous Australian to graduate from a university.

Perkins campaigned for Aboriginal land rights. In 1965, he was an important person in the Freedom Ride campaign, which aimed to raise public awareness of the standards of living, literacy and health conditions among the Aboriginal population. The group was famous for publicising acts of discrimination.

Perkins was also important in the campaign for the referendum in 1967, which allowed Aboriginal people to be counted in censuses, and parliament to make special laws specifically for Aboriginal people. From 1969, Perkins worked as a public servant in the Ministry of Aboriginal Affairs. He was made permanent secretary of this department in 1981, which made him the first Aboriginal to become the permanent head of a federal government department. He served as secretary until 1988.

Perkins died in October 2000 of kidney failure.



Kottabos (Kleophrades Painter)

Kottabos Player is an Attic red-figure terracotta kylix said to have been painted by someone close to the Kleophrades Painter. It dates to the Greek Archaic period, about 500 BC. The kylix's height with handles is 3 3/16 in. (8.1 cm) and its width with handles is 10 1/16 in. (25.5 cm). 

The diameter of the bowl is 7 5/8 in. (19.3 cm). The kylix is in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The figure is a symposiast playing a party game called kottabos. He is about to fling the last of the wine in his cup at a lamp stand in an attempt to knock the lamp stand's finial off. The winner was he who did so.

Kleophrades Painter

The Kleophrades Painter was a red-figure Athenian vase painter. His real name is unknown. His name is taken from a potter's signature on a vase. He was active from about 510470 BC. His work is considered some of the finest of the red figure style. He was probably the pupil of Euthymides, one of the red-figure Pioneers. His work is identified by its stylistic traits. He was very productive. More than 100 vases of his work have survived. He worked in both black- and red- figure styles and techniques. He was conservative, often using old-fashioned techniques. His subjects were traditional but with a emphasis on the Trojan War. He preferred painting large vessels such as amphores.


Clyde Holding

Allan Clyde Holding (27 April 1931 – 31 July 2011) was an Australian politician. He was Leader of the Opposition in Victoria for ten years, and was later a federal minister. He was a member of the Australian Labor Party.

Holding was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the seat of Richmond in 1962. He was a strong supporter of indigenous Australian rights (including land rights) and national aid for schools. In 1977, he was elected to the House of Representatives as member for Melbourne Ports. When Bob Hawke became Prime Minister in 1983, he put Holding in charge of Aboriginal Affairs. During his term, Holding tried to make federal laws for Aboriginal land rights. But Brian Burke, the Labor Premier of Western Australia, did not want this, because it would have upset the mining and agricultural industries, which were very important to his state. Holding was forced by Hawke to drop the proposal. In 1987, he was moved to the Ministry of Employment Services and Youth Affairs. The next year, he was made Minister for Transport, and then later Minister for Immigration.

Kottabos

Kottabos () was a party game played at symposia in Ancient Greece. It was popular in the 5th and 4th centuries BC. It was also popular with the Etruscans. The game is played by flinging a bit of wine from one's cup at targets. The player would utter the name of his lover. The game was probably of Sicilian origin but spread throughout the Greek world. Many Greek poets mention the game in their works. By the time of the Roman Empire and the Age of Alexander the Great, the game had died out. It is not mentioned in Latin literature. 

Charlie McMahon

Charlie McMahon (born in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales in 1951) is an Australian didgeridoo player. He was one of the first non-Aboriginal musicians to become a famous player of the instrument. He is probably one of the most famous players of the instrument around the world.

The band in which he became famous was called Gondwanaland. He has toured across Australia, often visiting remote communities in the outback, and also in Europe and the United States. He often played gigs with Midnight Oil. McMahon's style became an influence for many well-known didgeridoo players. He is also the inventor of the "didjeribone", a sliding didgeridoo made of plastic, played in a similar way to the trombone.


Symposium

A symposium (plural: symposia) was a drinking party in Ancient Greece. Guests were males. Well bred women did not attend. Boys or slave girls served the food and drink, danced, juggled, played music, or otherwise entertained the assembly. These servers were usually nude. The symposium was an aristocratic institution often held to celebrate a young man's entry into adult society, an athletic victory, or a poetic achievement. It was an occasion for male conversation and debate. Party-goers reclined on couches and pillows. Guests played a game called kottabos, wrestled, and held song contests. A symposium is described in Plato's "The Symposium". The party is attended by Socrates and the young, drunken, and nearly nude Alcibiades.

Foster Brooks

Foster Brooks (May 11, 1912 – December 20, 2001) was an American movie, television, radio, stage actor, singer, entertainer, television personality and comedian. He was known for playing a lovable drunken man in nightclubs and television shows. Brooks is also known for appearing in The Dean Martin celebrity roasts. 

Brooks was born in Louisville, Kentucky. Brooks was married twice. First to Loretta Brooks from 1933 until they divorced in 1950. And to Teri Brooks from 1950 until his death in 2001. Brooks died on December 20, 2001 from heart failure in his Encino, Los Angeles, California home, aged 89. 

Bob Knight

Robert Montgomery "Bob" Knight (October 25, 1940 – November 1, 2023) was an American basketball coach. He won over 900 NCAA Division I men's college basketball games. Knight was well known as the head coach of the Indiana Hoosiers from 1971 until 2000. He also coached for the Texas Tech from 2001 until 2008.

Knight was born in Orrville, Ohio. He studied at Ohio State University.

He was praised for having a clean program. None of his teams was ever sanctioned by the NCAA for any recruitment violations. He did, however, attracted some controversy for throwing a chair across the courts during a game. He was once arrested for assault. He was fired from Indiana in September 2000.

In April 2015, it was announced that ESPN would not sign Knight's contract for another season.

Knight died in Bloomington, Indiana on November 1, 2023, one week after his 83rd birthday.

James Michael Tyler

James Michael Tyler (May 28, 1961– October 24, 2021) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Gunther in the sitcom series "Friends". Tyler was born in Greenwood, Mississippi and was raised in Winona, Mississippi.

In June 2021, Tyler said he was diagnosed with stage-4 prostate cancer back in 2018. He died from the disease at his Los Angeles, California home on October 24, 2021 at the age of 59.




Choi Chang-ik

Choi Chang-ik (hangul:최창익, hanja:崔昌益, 1896-1957), also known as Choe Chang Ik, was a North Korean soldier and politician.

In the early North Korean government, Choi was Deputy Prime Minister from 1952 to 1956.

In a 1956-1957 purge, he was removed from government by forces led by Kim Il-sung. He was expelled from the Korean Workers' Party.



List of record labels: A–H



List of record labels: I–Q



List of record labels: R–Z

Kim Tu-bong

Kim Tu-bong (March 16, 1886 – 1958) was a Korean linguist, politician, and the first North Korean head of state.

In 1946, Kim became Chairman of the Workers Party of North Korea. 

From 1948 until 1958, he was Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly.

Echis

Echis is a genus of venomous vipers found in dry regions of Africa, Middle East, Pakistan, India, and Sri Lanka. The name ""Echis"" is a Greek word which means ""viper"". Echis is also known as the ""Saw-scaled Vipers"", or the ""Carpet Vipers"". They are responsible for most of the snakebites and deaths in the world. There is currently eight species found. 

The Saw-scaled Vipers are a small group of snakes, with adults growing up to the length of 90 cm (36 in). Its head is short, wide and pear-shaped, its snout is short and round, and it has large eyes.

The Saw-scaled Viper is found in dry regions (like deserts) in Africa, the Middle East, Pakistan, India, and Sri Lanka.

Not much is known about what the Saw-scaled Vipers eat, but some say they eats beetles, spiders, scorpions, centipedes, other snakes, small mammals and birds.

Most species of the Saw-scaled Viper, like the ones found in Africa, are oviparous meaning they lay eggs, while other species, like the ones found in India, are viviparous meaning they give live birth.


Atheris

Atheris is a genus of venomous vipers found only in rain forest areas of Sub-Saharan Africa. There are currently eight species found. Atheris are commonly known as ""Bush Vipers"". They are all arboreal (meaning they live in trees), but they can sometimes be seen on the ground.

Bush Vipers are small snakes, with adults growing to the size of around 40 to 78 cm. They all have broad, triangular heads with large eyes and a slender body.

The Bush Viper lives in rain forest areas of Sub-Saharan Africa, far from humans, but some Bush Vipers are threatened because of habitat loss. 
Bush Vipers eat small amphibians like frogs, and toads, reptiles like lizards and other snakes, rodents and birds. They ambush their prey by hanging on to a branch of a tree, waiting for a prey to come close, then jump on the prey and inject venom, and then swallow it. Some Bush Vipers in zoos only eat mice and small birds, but there have been reports on some eating each other.

All Bush Vipers are viviparous, meaning they give live birth. They mate between September and November, and females give to their young in March or April. 

The venom of Bush Vipers is hemotoxic, it causes pain, swelling, and stop blood clotting. There is no antivenom, but there has been reports on Echis antivenom working on some Bush Viper's bites.


Maristes Valldemia

The Maristes Valldemia school (aka: Col·legi Maristes Valldemia, Col·legi Valldemia or Valldemia), is in Mataró, Province of Barcelona - Catalonia (Spain). It is a Catholic school run by Marist Brothers. It is dedicated to Our Lady the Virgin of the Candle. "Fundació Champagnat, Fundació Privada" owns the school.

The school was founded in 1855 by three Piarists related persons: the priest Ermengol Coll de Valldemia, Pelegrí Ferrer and Ramon Cuspinera. Its first name was «Colegio de Cataluña», and it was on the land of a traditional Catalan manor named "Can Miralpeix". The school's aim was to provide a modern and Christian education. After 1858, the school was known as «» (in Catalan) or «» (in Spanish). In 1888 the school was given to the Marist Brothers to run. From 2012 the official name is Maristes Valldemia.

The main building was designed by the architect Jeroni Boada, and later improved in 1911 by Josep Goday i Casals (who used to be an student at the school, and founder member of the Alumni Association).

The school received its first international recognition at the Paris Exposition of 1900, a Gold Medal in recognition of quality education. During the years of the Spanish Civil War, Valldemia was converted into a hospital and blood bank.

Today, the school has 1200 students from ages 3 to 18, who are taught by a staff of 90 teachers.


Phil Harris

Wonga Philip Harris (June 24, 1904 – August 11, 1995) was an American actor and comedian. As a voice actor he voiced: Baloo in "The Jungle Book", Thomas O'Malley the Alley Cat in "The Aristocats", Little John in "Robin Hood" and Patou in "Rock-a-Doodle". In 1995, he had a heart attack and later died in Rancho Mirage, California at age 91.

Pierce the Veil

Pierce the Veil is a rock band from San Diego, California, United States. It was formed in 2006 by brothers Mike and Vic Fuentes after their last band, Before Today, broke up. Jaime Preciado plays the bass and Tony Perry plays the guitar. The band has made five albums. 

Pierce the Veil was created by two brothers named Mike and Vic Fuentes in 2006, after their last band, Before Today, broke up. They joined a label called Equal Vision Records and made their first album, "A Flair for the Dramatic". It was recorded in Seattle, Washington and released in 2007.

Jaime Preciado and Tony Perry joined the band in 2007, and then they started touring.

In 2009, the band revealed they were working on a new album, recorded in Los Angeles. The album, "Selfish Machines", came out on June 21, 2010. They did concerts around the world to promote it.

On August 23, 2011, Pierce the Veil joined the label. They wrote a new album in 2011 and recorded it in early 2012. The new album was announced on April 20, 2012 and it was called "Collide with the Sky". It was released on July 17, 2012. The first single from the album was called "King for a Day" featuring Kellin Quinn and it was released on June 5, 2012.

In September 2013, the band announced their first film, "This Is a Wasteland", which is a documentary about their 2012 and 2013 concerts. It was released on November 25, 2013.

On July 23, 2013, Pierce the Veil and Sleeping with Sirens announced a world tour together. It began in 2014 and ended in 2015.

On June 18, 2015, the band released a song called "The Divine Zero", from their upcoming fourth album. 

On March 18, 2016, it was announced the band's fourth album would be called "Misadventures" and it would be released on May 13. The album was produced by Dan Korneff. The band released another song called "Texas Is Forever" on March 24, 2016.

In November 2017, a young woman claimed that the band's drummer, Mike Fuentes, had asked her for nude photos over Myspace and had sex with her multiple times after their concerts. Fuentes was 24 years old and the woman was 16, so she was not old enough to legally consent to sex in the United States. She said their sexual relationship continued until she was 18.

A month later, another anonymous woman came out against him. She said they met at a concert when she was 14 and he had asked for nude photos of her when she was 15.

Mike Fuentes left the band after this and the band took a break.

In July 2018, Vic Fuentes said the band was working on a new album.

In April 2020, the band posted a rehearsal session including Mike Fuentes, who had left the band before. In August 2020, the band said again that Mike Fuentes was not part of the group.

On September 1, 2022, the band released a song called "Pass the Nirvana". On November 11, 2022, the band released another song called "Emergency Contact" and said they would come out with a new album on February 10, 2023 called "The Jaws of Life."

Former


Timeline


Collide with the Sky

Collide with the Sky is the third album by San Diego experimental rock group Pierce the Veil. It was released on July 27, 2012 under Fearless Records in the United States. The album's lead single "King for A Day" was released on June 5, 2012 for digital download and contemporary radio. The single features Sleeping With Sirens singer Kellin Quinn. The second single titled "Bulls in the Bronx" was released on June 25, 2012 for digital download. The band supported the album throughout the 2012 Van's Warped Tour in the summer.


According to Vic Fuentes, "the theme to the album artwork is 'jumping off of the ground that is breaking beneath you'. The idea is to inspire hope amongst the chaos that may be happening around you. If the ground was breaking beneath your feet, your first reaction may be to run and jump to safety, and it's that moment where you are suspended in the air that I am focusing on. A still frame where you're not sure if the person is falling or flying. It's about freeing yourself from the things that are breaking or falling apart in your life, and inspiring a sense of hope from the desperation".

The album has been received rather well by critics. Alternative Press rated the album 4/5 stars saying "Collide with the Sky is PTV's best work to date". They praised the album for the power pop hooks on "Props & Mayhem", saying that you should download "Tangled in the Great Escape". AbsolutePunk commented that the album is "sure to continue Pierce the Veil's steady ascent to the top of their league", concluding that "[it] proves Pierce the Veil are seemingly still one step ahead of everyone else when it comes to concocting energetic slices of post-hardcore and that they won’t be dropping the ball any time soon."


The album was released in the United Kingdom on July 16, 2012. It was released in the United States on July 17, 2012 with the release of the bonus track "Hold On Till May", the acoustic version.

Pedro Armendáriz Jr.

Pedro Armendáriz, Jr. (April 6, 1940 – December 26, 2011) was a Mexican actor and television actor.

Armendáriz, Jr. was born on April 6, 1940 in Mexico City, Mexico, the son of actors Carmela (née Pardo) and to Pedro Armendáriz, Sr, both Mexican. His grandmother was from the United States. Armendáriz, Jr. was married to Mexican actress Ofelia Medina.

His career began in 1965 and is known for playing a small role with his father Armendáriz, Sr. in "Licence to Kill" (1989). His final role was in the 2012 movie "Casa de Mi Padre".

In November 2011 Armendáriz, Jr. was diagnosed with lung cancer. On December 26, 2011 Armendáriz, Jr. died in a Memorial Hospital in New York City, New York from eye cancer, aged 71. He was later buried in Panteón Jardín, Mexico City.

Phyllis Diller

Phyllis Ada Driver (July 17, 1917 – August 20, 2012) was an American voice, movie and stage actress and comedian who makes self deprecating jokes about her age and her terrible cooking. She has performed in many movies and television programs. 

Diller was born on July 17, 1917 in Lima, Ohio. She was of German and Irish descent. She was educated at Bluffton College, she was the classmate of Hugh Downs. 

Diller's career would begin in 1952 and would later appear in almost 100 of movies and television programs, her movie include; "The Fat Spy", "The Boneyard", "Happily Ever After", "Silence of the Hams", and in "A Bug's Life". Her television programs appearances also include; "Alice Through the Looking Glass", "The Pruitts of Southampton" aka "The Phyllis Diller Show", "The Muppet Show", "Hey Arnold!", "The Powerpuff Girls" and as Peter Griffin's mother in "Family Guy".

Diller married Sherwood Anderson Diller from 1939 to 1965. Second and thirdly, she married Warde Donovan from 1965 to 1966, and again they married until they divorced again in 1974. She had a partner Robert P. Hastings from 1985 until his death in 1996. She had six children with her first husband.

Diller died of natural causes in Los Angeles, California on August 20, 2012.


Sherman Hemsley

Sherman Alexander Hemsley (February 1, 1938 – July 24, 2012) was an American actor.

Hemsley was born on February 1, 1938 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to and was raised in South Philadelphia by his mother, who was a factory worker. He left school to join the Air Force, where he served in for four years. Later he returned to Philadelphia where he worked in a post office during the day and at night he went to acting classes. Later he moved to New York still working for the post office during the day and at night he went to acting classes.

Hemsley's career began when he starred in a 1970 Broadway play in "Purlie" as Gitlow. Hemsley's television career began in 1970 in the television series "All in the Family". And his first movie was in the 1979 movie "Love at First Bite". Hemsley is mostly known as for his role as George Jefferson on the CBS in television series "The Jeffersons", and as Deacon Ernest Frye on the NBC series "Amen". He also played Earl Sinclair's horrifying boss, and a Triceratops in Jim Henson's sitcom "Dinosaurs".

Hemsley was a smoker and never married. Hemsley lived in El Paso, Texas and died there after he was found in his home on July 24, 2012. The cause of his death was a lung tumor caused by Superior Vena Cava Syndrome, aged 74. Hemsley was cremated.



Gangster Squad

Gangster Squad is a 2013 movie about the Mafia. It stars Emma Stone and Nick Nolte. This crime picture was to have been released in September, 2012. After the 2012 Aurora shooting certain scenes had to be removed and this caused a delay. The movie has been released January 11, 2013 by Warner Bros.


Frontiers of the Roman Empire

Frontiers of the Roman Empire is a World Heritage Site. The site includes three walls in different parts of Europe. They were part of the frontiers of the Roman Empire.

Limes (plural: 'Limites') is the Latin name of walls at the border of the Roman empire. There were many such fortifications.

The Latin word has a number of meanings, but the most common one is border.

The term "limes" was used by Roman writers to describe paths, walls, boundary stones, rivers marking a boundary, but its meaning was not the same as the modern boundary.

Some notable examples of Roman "limites" are:


Frank Ocean

Christopher Francis Ocean (born Christopher Edwin Breaux; October 28, 1987), known professionally as Frank Ocean, is an American singer, songwriter, and rapper. He was born in Long Beach, California and moved to New Orleans, Louisiana when he was five. Ocean made an early career as a ghostwriter for artists such as Brandy, Justin Bieber, Beyonce, and John Legend. In 2010, he became a member of Odd Future. His first mixtape, "Nostalgia, Ultra", was released in 2011. 

In 2012, BBC said that Ocean finished second place in its Sound of 2012 poll. Ocean appeared at Coachella. He was scheduled for Lollapalooza at the end of his 2012 summer tour. His first studio album, "channel ORANGE", was a digital download only on iTunes for one week. Then it was a full release on July 17, 2012. It was nominated for six Grammy Awards.

Ocean won the 2013 Brit Award for International Male Solo Artist.

In August 2016, Ocean released his second studio album, "Blonde".

Ocean was one of the first major hip-hop/R&B artists to say that he had a same-sex relationship.


Tom Bosley

Thomas Edward "Tom" Bosley (October 1, 1927 October 19, 2010) was an American actor. Bosley is known for his role as Howard Cunningham in "Happy Days". He also starred in roles in "Murder, She Wrote" and "Father Dowling Mysteries". He starred in the Broadway musical "Fiorello!" that earned him a Tony Award.

Bosley was born on October 1, 1927 in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Dora (née Heyman) and Benjamin Bosley. Although well known for playing a Catholic priest-and numerous Protestants-Bosley was actually Jewish. During World War II, Bosley served in the United States Navy. While attending DePaul University, in Chicago. In 1947 Bosley's stage career began in "Our Town" with the Canterbury Players at the Fine Arts Theatre. Bosley performed at the Woodstock Opera House in Woodstock, Illinois, in 1949 and 1950 alongside Paul Newman.

Bosley played the Knave of Hearts in a Hallmark Hall of Fame telecast of Eva Le Gallienne's production of "Alice in Wonderland" in 1955. But his career began in a stage role based on New York City mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia in the long Broadway musical "Fiorello!" (1959), for which he won a Tony Award. In 1994, Bosley originated the role of Maurice in the Broadway version of Disney's "Beauty and the Beast". Bosley also toured as Cap'n Andy in Harold Prince's 1994 revival of "Show Boat".

His first movie role was in 1963, as would-be suitor of Natalie Wood in "Love with the Proper Stranger". Other movies include; "The World of Henry Orient", "Divorce American Style", "Yours", "Mine and Ours", "Gus" and the television movie "The Triangle Factory Fire Scandal". Bosley shared a heartfelt story about his life during the Holocaust in the documentary movie "Paper Clips".

Among his early television appearances was in the 1960 CBS summer replacement series, "Diagnosis: Unknown", with Patrick O'Neal. In 1962, he played Assistant District Attorney Ryan in the episode "The Man Who Wanted to Die" on James Whitmore's ABC legal drama "The Law and Mr. Jones". In 1969, he appeared in a comedy episode from "The Virginians".

Bosley's best known role was the character Howard Cunningham, Richie and Joanie Cunningham's father, in the long running "Happy Days". Bosley was also known for playing Sheriff Amos Tupper on "Murder, She Wrote". He also played Father Frank Dowling in the TV mystery series, "Father Dowling Mysteries". Along the television appearances, one notable early performance was in "Eyes" segment of the 1969 pilot episode of Rod Serling's "Night Gallery", directed by Steven Spielberg and Joan Crawford.

Bosley also starred in the 2008 Hallmark Channel television movie "Charlie & Me". In 2010, he appeared in "The Backup Plan" starring Jennifer Lopez, which was his last movie before his death.

In 1984, Bosley guest-hosted the "Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular" with local newscaster Pat Harper.

During the 1970s and 1980s, Bosley did several commercials for the Glad Sandwich and Garbage Bags.

Bosley did radio commercials for the new Saturn Car Company a "different kind of car company," in 1990.

Later in life he was the television spokesman for SMC (Special Merchandise Corporation), a national wholesaler and dropshipper.

Bosley was also the "face" of LifeBack USA helping bring the benefits of Life Settlements to seniors, having himself sold an unwanted life insurance policy during his later life.

In a 1997 of "The Simpsons", Homer claims to have been the son of Tom Bosley. Homer and Marge are going to their high school reunion:

Homer: It'll be great to see the old gang again. Potsie, Ralph Malph, and the Fonz.

Margie: That wasn't you, that was "Happy Days"!

Homer: No, they weren't all happy days. Like the time Pinky Tuscadero crashed her motorcycle, or the night I lost all my money to those card sharks and my dad Tom Bosley had to get it back.

Bosley was married to Jane Eliot from 1962 until they divorced in 1978. Later in 1980 Bosley married Patricia Carr until his death in 2010. Bosley had a daughter Amy Bosley.

Bosley died on October 19, 2010, at a hospital in Rancho Mirage, California from heart failure complicated by Staphylococcal infection. He was 83 years old. Bosley had lung cancer. His remains are buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Hollywood Hills, California.


Dabry's sturgeon

Dabry's sturgeon, also known as the Yangtze sturgeon ("Acipenser dabryanus"), is a member of the family Acipenseridae and the order Acipenseriformes.

The fish is thought to have lived at the same time as dinosaurs. It may have lived as long as 140 million years ago. Because of that, it is sometimes called a living fossil. It is an animal carefully protected by the Chinese government. It is named a "national treasure" much like the Giant Panda.

The fish can be between in body length. It can weigh on average. A grown-up sturgeon measures up to long, and weighs over . This makes it the third biggest only to the White sturgeon and Atlantic sturgeon. 

Sturgeon are anadromous. This means they spawn in fresh water and migrate to salt water to mature. 

It lives on the main streams of the Yangtze River and coastal regions of Qiantang River, Minjiang River and Pearl River. 


Chad Everett

Raymon Lee Cramton or Chad Everett (June 11, 1937 – July 24, 2012) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Dr. Joe Gannon in the television drama "Medical Center".

Everett was born Raymon Lee Cramton on June 11, 1937 in South Bend, Indiana, to Virdeen (née Hopper) and Harry Clyde "Ted" Everett. He was raised in Dearborn, Michigan. Everett was educated at Fordson High School and at Wayne State University.

Everett has appeared in shows including "Cold Case", "Medical Center", "Supernatural", "Malibu", and movies including: "Aiplane II: The Sequel", "The Firechasers", "Made in Paris", and "The Impossible Years".

Everett was married to actress Shelby Grant from 1966 until her death in 2011. Everett had 2 children. Everett died of lung cancer on July 24, 2012 in Los Angeles, California, aged 75.

Luca Signorelli

Luca Signorelli (probably born in 1441 or 1445, died 16 October 1523 in Corona, Italy) was an Italian painter. He was also called Luca d'Egidio di Ventura and Luca da Cortona. He is one of the most important painters of the Renaissance in Italy. He was good at painting perspective. One of the techniques he used is called "foreshortening" - with it a distance appears shorter than it actually is, because the object painted is shown at an angle. From 1499 to 1503, he painted a series of frescoes in Orvieto Cathedral, called "the Last Judgement". This is what he is remembered for most. 

CGI

CGI is an abbreviation, that can stand for:

Bitis

Bitis is a genus of venomous vipers found in Africa and the southern Arabian Peninsula. This group contains the largest and smallest vipers in the world. There are currently 14 species found. Bitis are commonly known as the "African Adders", or the "African Viper".

Both the largest viper, and the smallest viper in the world belong in this group. The largest viper, the Gaboon Viper, grows up to the length of 2 meters, while the smallest viper, the Namaqua Dwarf Adder, grows up to the length of only 28 cm. All African Adders have wide, triangular heads, a large, rounded snout, and small eyes.

The African Adders are found in Africa, and the southern Arabian Peninsula.

African Adders are terrestrial (meaning they live and are found on the ground), and ambush their prey. They are slow, and sluggish, but they can bite their prey or enemy with amazing speed. African Adders are known for when being disturbed inflating their body, and hissing loudly. All African Adders are viviparous, meaning they give live birth. They eat small rodents like mice and rats, birds, amphibians like frogs and toads, other snakes


Computer-generated imagery

Computer-generated imagery (CGI) is using computer graphics, especially in movies. These images are used for special effects, simulation, and commercials, amongst others. Sometimes the technology is used to produce a static background, which is then merged into the image; at other times it is used to produce animations in 2D or 3D. In its broadest sense, a computer- generated image (CGI) can be defined as any image that is created with the use of a computer- based processor or program. Because computers are widely used, both in image generating and in image processing, these images are pervasive- from billboard advertisements to film productions and photography. 

Benjamin Morrell

Between 1821 and 1823, he made four important trips, especially in the Southern Ocean, the Pacific Islands and the eastern shores of the Americas.

He wrote a memoir about his travels titled ""A Narrative of Four Voyages"" and, following the information provided, earned a bad reputation as a liar, because it contained inaccuracies and also contained a somewhat fanciful way of exposing their experiences.

Donna Lewis

Donna Lewis (born August 6th 1973) is a Welsh singer who is best known for her hit single "I Love You Always Forever". She released her first two albums under Atlantic Records although she now has an independent label. Lewis was born in Wales.

Brain Stew/Jaded

Brain Stew, A.K.A. Jaded is a song by the punk rock band Green Day. The song was on their fourth studio album "Insomniac" in the year 1995.

Paula Cole

Paula Cole (born April 5, 1968) is an American singer and songwriter. Her songs include "Where Have all the Cowboys Gone?". Cole was born in the Boston area. She received a Grammy Award for "Best New Artist" in 1998 and released more albums over the years.

Eristicophis

Eristicophis is a monotypic genus made for the venomous viper species ""E. macmahonii"". It is found in the desert areas near the borders of Iran, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. There are currently no subspecies recognized. The E. macmahonii is also known as the ""McMahon's Viper"", the ""Asian Sand Viper"", the ""Leaf-nosed Viper"", and the ""Whiskered Viper"". 

The McMahon's Viper is a small species of snake, growing up to less than one meter. Males are smaller than females; males can grow up to the length of 22-40 cm, and females can grow up to the length of 28-72 cm. They are reddish-brown or yellowish brown in color.

The McMahon's Viper is found in the desert regions of Balochistan, near the borders of Iran, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. 

The McMahon's Viper is said to be nocturnal, but some say it is crepuscular, meaning it is active during the early morning or late evening. It is able to sidewind on loose sand, and sometimes climbs into bushes. It is a aggressive snake, hissing very loudly when disturbed or annoyed, and sometimes it raising its head of the ground and starts striking aggressively. It is able to sink into the sand by moving in a rocking motion. When it sinks into the sand it leaves its eyes and snout sticking out of the sand. 

The McMahon's Viper eats small lizards, small rodents like mice, and sometimes birds.

The McMahon's Viper is oviparous, meaning it lays eggs. It lays around a dozen eggs at a time, and these eggs take around 6-8 weeks to hatch. When the eggs hatch the young are about 6 inches (15 cm) long.

Not much is known about the McMahon's Viper venom, but some say it is similar to the venom of the Echis.

Macrovipera

Macrovipera is a genus of venomous vipers, found in semi-deserts of North Africa, Middle East, and Milos Archipelago in the Aegean Sea. Macrovipera are commonly known as the ""Large Palearctic Vipers"". The Large Palearctic Viper is responsible for many bites in Africa and western Asia each year. There are four species currently found. 

Besides the Milos Viper, all the vipers in this group grow up to the length 1.5 meters. 

The Large Palearctic Viper lives in dry regions of Morocco, Algeria, and Tunis in North Africa, east to Pakistan, Kashmir, and India, north to Milos Archipelago in the Aegean Sea, and Armenia and Dagestan in Russia.


LGBT rights in the United States

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender rights in the United States have changed over time, and different states have different rules about them. Sexual acts between adults (depending on the age of consent in each state. This varies from age 16 to 21), and adolescents of an age close to an adult, of the same sex have been legal in the U.S. since 2003. 

Family, marriage, and anti-discrimination laws are different in every state. On June 26, 2015, the Supreme Court said that states could not have laws against same-sex marriage. This decision is called "Obergefell v. Hodges". Before "Obergefell v. Hodges", same-sex marriage was legal in 36 states and in Washington, D.C.

Twenty-one states plus Washington, D.C. have made discrimination because of sexual orientation illegal. Sixteen states plus Washington, D.C. have made discrimination because of gender identity or expression illegal. Hate crimes because of sexual orientation or gender identity can also be punished under Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2009. 

Human Rights Campaign is the biggest LGBT-rights group in the U.S.

Atropoides

Atropoides is a genus of venomous Pit vipers found in Mexico and Central America. There are currently three species found. Atropoides are also known as the ""Jumping Pit vipers"" or the ""Jumping Vipers"".

Jumping Vipers grow up to the length of around 90 centimeters (36 inches), while the longest ever found was 120.2 centimeters (47 in). All of them are thick-bodied, with the Mexican Jumping Pit viper being the thickest, and the Picado's Jumping Pit viper being the slimmest. It has a large head, with small eyes, and a rounded snout, it also has a short tail. They are gray-brown, reddish brown or black in color with brown blotches on them.

The Jumping Vipers are found on the mountains of east Mexico, the lowlands of Central America, and Panama.

Even though this snake is known as the "Jumping Viper" they do not really jump, but some say when they attack an enemy or prey they strike at such a force they actually leave the ground. They are slow moving and are not very aggressive snakes. They are active during both night and day, but those which are found on high altitudes are usually active at day time.

Adult Jumping Vipers eat mainly small mammals and lizards, while young Jumping Vipers eat orthopterans, and skinks. 


Shawn Colvin

Shawn Colvin (born January 10, 1956 in Vermillion, South Dakota) is a singer-songwriter and a musician. She began her career in the 1980s, though it was not until 1997 that she became mainstream: her song "Sunny Came Home" (from her album "A Few Small Repairs") was number one on the "Billboard" Adult Pop Songs chart in August 1997. Colvin released more records during the late 1990s, 2000s and 2010s.

TRS-80

The TRS-80 is a computer made by Tandy Corporation sold by Radio Shack.

Cheryl Ladd

Cheryl Ladd (born Cheryl Jean Stoppelmoor, July 12, 1951 in Huron, South Dakota) is an American actress. Ladd is known for many television series and many movies. She is best known for her role as Kris Munroe in "Charlie's Angels". She was with the show until 1981.

Andrea True

Andrea True (born Andrea Marie Truden, July 26, 1943 - November 7, 2011) was an American porn star and a singer from the disco era of the 1970s. She is best known for her single "More, More, More". It was released in 1976. It peaked at #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

True was born in Nashville, Tennessee as Andrea Marie Truden. She moved to New York City during her teenage years. She wanted to seek fame as a movie star or singer. True sang in clubs. She got minor roles in mainstream movies from time to time. She was in movies, such as "The Way We Were". But the fame she sought was fleeting. When some friends asked her to join them in a porn movie, True went along with the idea.

True acted in porn movies in Scandinavia in the 1960s. By the end of the decade, she began appearing in American adult movies. In the 1970s and 1980s, she acted in more than 50 hardcore porn movies in the early New York.
By the time of her singing career, True said she was getting tired of porn. 

In early 1977, True released another song, "N.Y. You Got Me Dancing" from her follow-up studio album "White Witch". The song was True's second biggest hit. It reached #27 on the American "Billboard" pop chart. 

True's third album, "War Machine" (1980), failed. When that happened, she tried to return to porn. But at almost 40, she was too old to return. She also could not go back to music due to a goiter that had developed on her vocal cords.

Andrea True died of heart failure in Kingston, New York, where she was raised. 

Chicago Board of Trade Building

The Chicago Board of Trade Building is a skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The Chicago Board of Trade Building is currently the 37th tallest building in Chicago. It stands , and has 44 floors. The building has a faceless statue of Ceres (goddess of agriculture) as a reference to the exchange's heritage as a commodity market.

The Chicago Board of Trade Building was built in 1929 and finished in 1930. It is at 141 W. Jackson Boulevard at the foot of the LaSalle Street canyon, in the Chicago Loop community area in Cook County. It first became a Chicago landmark in May 4, 1977. The building was made a National Historic Landmark on June 2, 1978. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 16, 1978.

Originally built for the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT), it is now the primary trading venue for the derivatives exchange, the CME Group, The CME Group was founded in 2007 when the Chicago Board of Trade and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange merged.

The building has been featured in several movies, such as "", "Batman Begins", "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", and "The Dark Knight". The building was featured as the outer part of the Daily Planet in the 2013 Superman movie "Man of Steel".



Torrent salamander

The torrent salamander is a species of salamanders. They are also known as Cascade salamanders. They are part of the family Rhyacotritonidae. They live in the Pacific Northwest.

The genus is divided into four species


Wood frog

The wood frog ("Rana sylvatica") is a species of frog. It is part of the family Ranidae. It lives in North America and is the state amphibian of New York. The wood frog hibernates during winter. 


Desert froglet

The desert froglet ("Crinia deserticola") is a species of frog. They are part of the Myobatrachidae family. They live in Australia. They live in savannas and deserts.


Moor frog

The Moor Frog, Wolterstorff's Frog, Swedish swamp frog, Siberian frog, or Altai swamp frog ("Rana arvalis") is a species of frog. It is part of the family Ranidae. It lives in many parts of Europe and Asia, as far north as Siberia. It is skinny, reddish-brown and semi-aquatic amphibians.


California tree frog

The California tree frog ("Pseudacris cadaverina") is a species of tree frogs is a frog that live in California in the United States and Baja California in Mexico. They often look like stones because of their skin which helps them to camouflage. They have webbed feet and their skin is rough and looks like warts. They can reach up to 2.9 to 5 cm long.

Ensatina

Ensatina is a genus of lungless salamanders. They are a complex of subspecies of "Ensatina eschscholtzii", found in forests in British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, California and Baja California, Mexico.

The "Ensatina" salamander is a ring species in the mountains around the Californian Central Valley. The complex forms a horseshoe shape around the mountains. Though interbreeding can happen between each of the 19 populations around the horseshoe, the "Ensatina eschscholtzii" subspecies on the western end of the horseshoe cannot interbreed with the "Ensatina klauberi" on the eastern end. It is an illustration of "nearly all stages in a speciation process" (Dobzhansky). Richard Highton argued that "Ensatina" is a case of multiple species and not a continuum of one species.


Foothill yellow-legged frog

The Foothill yellow-legged frog ("Rana boylii") is a species of frogs. They are part of the "Rana" genus in the Ranidae family. They are small frogs only reaching 3.72-8.2 cm long. They are found in northern Oregon, California and Baja California in Mexico. 

Centroleninae

Centroleninae is a subfamily of frogs. There are nine genera.


Dendrobatoidea

Dendrobatoidea is a superfamily of frogs. There are two family of frogs.


Nahomi Kawasumi

Kawasumi was a member of the Japan national team that won the 2011 World Cup. She scored two goals during the tournament.

She played on the women's team which won a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Her play was highlighted when she scored a crucial goal in her team's first match in the Olympic tournament.


Pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome

Pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome (PANS) is the name of a disease that normally begins in childhood. It causes Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and/or tics. The symptoms begin very suddenly. If it is not treated at the beginning the disease can be there also in adults. The reason for PANS can be a bacteria called "Group A streptococcus" (PANDAS type) or an immunologic reaction to other pathogens like certain bacteria or viruses. (PITANDS type). 

Patients suffering from PANS show sudden begin OCD and/or tics and at least two of these symptoms:


PANS shares symptoms with other diseases. Therefore diagnostic tests must be done to exclude other conditions like Sydenham's chorea, lupus erythematosus, acute disseminated encephalomyelitis, and Tourette syndrome. Proof of acute rheumatic fever would exclude a PANS classification.

There is no direct treatment for PANS available yet. This means today only some of the symptoms can be treated. But scientists are already working to develop treatments with antibiotics and immune-based therapies that can heal the disease. Nevertheless early and consequent treatment of the symptoms seems to be important. Otherwise the disease can become a lifelong problem.


Province of Cattaro

The Cattaro (Italian province), called in Italian "Provincia italiana di Cattaro" was an administrative section of the "Governorate of Dalmatia", created during World War II by the Kingdom of Italy with "Regio Decreto Legge" of May 18, 1941.

The newly created province had approximately the borders of the Albania veneta, that was part of the Republic of Venice until 1797 in southern Dalmatia.

In the province of Cattaro there were the cities of Cattaro, Perasto, Risan|, Teodo and Castelnuovo di Cattaro. The province had a small territory around the "Bocche di Cattaro" (Boka Kotorska) of 547 km² and nearly 39,800 inhabitants. The island of Saseno in Albania was annexed to the province, after separating it from the province of Zara (since 1920 this little island was part of Italy).

The population was mostly Slav, but there were nearly 3,000 autochthonous Italians, descendants from the Dalmatian Italians since Roman times: they were concentrated in the areas of Cattaro and Perasto.

Italian General Vittorio Ambrosio conquered in a few days all the Dalmatian coast of Yugoslavia, and occupied the area around Cattaro (called "Kotor" since 1919) in April 1941.
The new Italian province of Cattaro was created by order of Italian leader Benito Mussolini the next month, with the "May 19 Treaty between Italy and Croatia". Francesco Scassellati Sforzolini was named "Prefect" of the Cattaro province, serving from June 1941 to June 1943.

The governorship of the Cattaro province (and all the Governorate of Dalmatia) was held by Giuseppe Bastianini until January 1943 when he was recalled to Italy to join the cabinet; his place as governor was taken by Francesco Giunta.

In summer 1941 the Italian government started a policy of Italianization in all the Governorate of Dalmatia. New Italian schools were opened in the "Bocche di Cattaro" (now called Boka Kotorska). Administrative personnel from Italy moved to Cattaro city (nearly 6,700 Dalmatian Italians took refuge in Italy after the creation of Jugoslavia in 1919, and many of them were offered work if they returned to settle with their families in the Governorate of Dalmatia). Bastianini started needed public works, building hospitals, sewage and roads in the area.

Some 500 Jews took refuge in the Cattaro province, after escaping the Ustasha and Nazi German persecution in their areas of former Jugoslavia.

The province was spared the bloody guerrilla, that happened in the rest of Italian-occupied Montenegro, until mid-September 1943 when Germans took control of the area and the Italian province of Cattaro disappeared. The Italian Division "Emilia" of the "XIV° Corpo d'Armata" fought the German occupation of the Province of Cattaro, having 597 deaths e 963 wounded soldiers, from September 9 until September 16, 1943.

These were 15 "comuni" (municipalities) in the Italian Province of Cattaro. The first name is in Italian, the second in Montenegrin-Serbian and the third in Croatian:



A.N.T. Farm

A.N.T. Farm is an American sitcom. The first episode played on television on May 6, 2011. It continued as a regular series starting on June 17, 2011. The pilot episode, "TransplANTed" aired after the last episode of "The Suite Life on Deck". The show was created by Dan Signer. He was a screenwriter and co-executive producer of "The Suite Life on Deck". He also made the YTV series "Mr. Young". Disney Channel approved the show in mid-November 2010. Production began in early 2011. The first promo was released during the premiere of "Lemonade Mouth".

The show takes place in San Francisco, California. The show stars China Anne McClain, Sierra McCormick and Jake Short. They are middle school students in a gifted education program called the "Advanced Natural Talent" (or "A.N.T.") program. On November 30, 2011, "A.N.T. Farm" was accepted for a second season. It started on June 1, 2012. The last show aired on March 21, 2014.



Williams syndrome

Williams syndrome is a rare development problem. It is characterized by a distinct "elfin" facial appearance, strong language skills and cardiovascular troubles. There is a degree of low intelligence tied to Williams syndrome. There are also language and motor skills delays.

Aya Miyama

Miyama was a member of the Japan national team that won the 2011 World Cup.

She was named the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Women's Player of the Year in 2011

Miyama was a member of the women's team in the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing. She was elected captain of the team which won a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.Her play was highlighted when she scored a crucial goal in her team's first game.


Henry Winkler

Henry Franklin Winkler OBE (born October 30, 1945) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor, director, producer, and writer. Winkler won two Golden Globe Awards, in 1976 and in 1977, for his role as Fonzie or The Fonz in "Happy Days".

Winkler is Jewish and has dyslexia.

Winkler was born on October 30, 1945 in New York City, New York. His parents were Ilse Anna Maria (née Hadra), and Harry Irving Winkler, a lumber company executive. Winkler's Jewish parents emigrated from Germany to the United States in 1939, before the beginning of World War II.

Winkler attended the McBurney School. He received his bachelor's degree from Emerson College in 1967. He earned his Master of Fine Arts degree from the Yale School of Drama in 1970. In 1978 Emerson College and Austin College gave Winkler an honorary doctorate of humane letters.

Winkler is best known for his role as Fonzie (also called The Fonz) on the 1970 American sitcom "Happy Days". Fonzie was a leather-clad greaser and an auto mechanic. The character started as a minor character, but became more important before the show's end.

In October 2008, Winkler appeared in a video with Ron Howard, again playing their roles of Fonzie and Richie Cunningham, trying to make people vote for Barack Obama. The video was called "Ron Howard's Call to Action". It also featured the late Andy Griffith.

As of June 2010, Winkler has appeared on the USA show "Royal Pains".

On June 19, 2010, Winkler appeared on ITV World Cup Live show. Winkler represented the United States in the World Cup Wall Chart.

As of the summer/fall 2010 season, Winkler has joined the cast in the Adult Swim web series "Children's Hospital" playing a hospital administrator.

In late September 2010, Winkler voiced Professor Nathaniel Zib in the Lego Factory mini-series "Rise of the Rookies".

On May 31, 2011, Winkler's book, "I've Never Met an Idiot on the River". It shows Winkler's love of flying and fishing.

In 2011, Winkler guest-starred as Ambush Bug in the series finale of "Batman: The Brave and the Bold".

In the 2013 Broadway season, Winkler, Cheyenne Jackson, Alicia Silverstone, and Ari Graynor are set to star in the David West Read play "The Performers" opening Nov 14, 2012 at The Longacre Theatre.

Winkler appeared in the movie "Here Comes the Boom" (released October 12, 2012), as the music teacher at Wilkinson High School.

In September 2011, Winkler was made an honorary Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) "for services to children with special educational needs and dyslexia in the UK."

Winkler has been married to Stacey Weitzman since May 5, 1978. They have two children; Zoe Emily (b. 1980) and Max Daniel (b. 1983). Winkler also has a stepson from Weitzman's last marriage to Howard Weitzman.



Naomi Judd

Naomi Judd (born Diana Ellen Judd; January 11, 1946 – April 30, 2022) was an American country music singer, songwriter, and activist.

Judd was married to Michael Ciminella from 1964 to 1972. She married Larry Strickland in 1989.
Naomi was the mother of Christina Ciminella (aka Wynonna Judd) and Ashley. Ashley is an American movie and stage actress. Naomi and daughter Wynonna formed a successful country singing duo called The Judds. That group ended after Naomi was diagnosed with hepatitis C in 1990. Judd was also a writer.

After her last tour, Judd had depression, anxiety, panic attacks, edema, baldness, tremors and suicidal thoughts.

Judd shot herself on April 30, 2022 in Franklin, Tennessee at the age of 76. She had mental health issues such as depression. The day after her death, The Judds were honored into the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Etsuko Inada

Inada won the Japan Figure Skating Championships seven times. 

Inada was a member of the Japan national team at the 1936 Winter Olympics. At age 12, She was the youngest Japanese competitor in all Olympic games.



Farnaz Ghazizadeh

Farnaz Ghazizadeh (; born December 3, 1974 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian journalist, blogger, and BBC Persian Television presenter. She has been involved in BBC Persian Television.


Spear-thrower

A spear thrower is a wooden tool used for throwing spears. It gives the human arm more leverage to build up the spear's velocity. This gives the spear more force and makes it go faster. Spear throwers were used in many civilisations. It was used by the Aztecs, who called it an "atlatl". It is also used by Aboriginals in Australia, where it has become most widely known as a "woomera" (the Dharuk name for it).


Featherfoot

A featherfoot or Kadiatcha man is a sorcerer in Australian Aboriginal spirituality. A featherfoot is usually a bad spirit who kills people. In most traditional Aboriginal beliefs, there is no such thing as a natural death. Every death is caused by evil spirits or spells. It is usually because of an enemy, who wants revenge for something.

A featherfoot is so named because they are believed to have supernatural powers, including the ability to fly and move inter-dimensionaly when threatened as means of escape. He wears special shoes made of feathers (usually emu) and hair, stuck together with human blood. Scholars say that the shoes leave no tracks (footprints). 

The Kadiatcha uphold tribal law. They do not kill random people only those who have transgressed traditional customs. They use a pointing bone a form of Spiritual weapon and when someone has had the bone pointed it weakens them and the Kadiatcha will then track that person down until the transgression has been dealt with.

South-West of Western Australia, which includes the Noongar people, have a local scary story to tell at night. When the featherfoot is hunting you, it waits till you’re alone or in a small group, at night walking to a destination. The person or the group will start to get a sense of foreboding, followed by a strong sense they are being followed.and the person can usually smell burning emu feathers.The featherfoot is close behind, following. Its steps are silent and leave not tracks. The only way to survive a feathfoot attack is to never look behind you until you get back to a light source. Keep walking and don’t look back, it’s when the person looks behind them, is when it attacks. Often the reason the spirit will follow and attack someone is because they have committed a crime, or something as heinous or evil.

All that is left behind after an attack, is a single large unknown bird feather and a small amount of the victims blood.

One has been witnessed to live in the Western Australian, Albany Narrikup region, where many animal remains are also found near it's lair in bushland. It is threatened by dogs.

Marla Maples

Marla Maples (born October 27, 1963 near Dalton, Georgia) is an American movie actress and television personality. She is best known for her marriage to the businessman and President Donald Trump. She is a distant cousin of the actress Heather Locklear. She was born in Cohutta, Georgia.

Mikantji

Mikantji is a waterhole in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is an important sacred site for Warlpiri-speaking Aborigines. The site features in their Dreaming stories. Fire- and rain-making rituals are performed here by the Warlpiri.

Mikantji is located about northwest of Yuendumu, on the road coming north from Papunya.

Richard Simmons

Milton Teagle Simmons (born July 12, 1948), better known as Richard Simmons, is a fitness guru and actor. He promotes programs aimed towards weight loss. He is known for his eccentric, outgoing, and flamboyant personality.

While growing up, Simmons had asthma. He was obese when he was a teenager. By the time he graduated from high school, he weighed 268 pounds (122 kg). He had tried many failed diets for losing weight.

In the 1980s he had his own fitness show, "The Richard Simmons Show". It lasted four years. The show was a hit. It taught people how to lose weight. It also taught healthy cooking and exercise.

Simmons was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He later moved to Los Angeles.


Park Jung-yang

Park Jung-yang (, hanja: , May 3, 1872 – April 23, 1959) was a Korean bureaucrat, politician and scholar, popular rights activist and liberalism activist. He lived during the Joseon Dynasty and Japanese rule of Korea. He was an active pro-Japanese collaborator. His pen name was Haeahk (, )·Ilso (일소, 一笑). Another name was Wongeun (, ).




Gabrielle Carteris

Gabrielle Anne Carteris (born January 2, 1961 in Scottsdale, Arizona ) is an American actress. She has performed on television. She may be best known for playing Andrea Zuckerman on the television series "Beverly Hills, 90210".

On April 9, 2016, Carteris was elected SAG-AFTRA president.

Calcium hypophosphite

Calcium hypophosphite is used in the poultry industry. It helps when birds don't have enough calcium and phosphorous. Not having enough of those can cause thin-shelled eggs, lameness, weak bones, etc.

Chiharu Igaya

Igaya was born in Tomarimura, Hokkaidō. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1957.

Igaya was a member of the Japanese team in the 1952 Winter Olympics, in the 1956 Winter Olympics, and in the 1960 Winter Olympics.

In 1956, he won the silver medal in the slalom event. He was the first Japanese athlete to win a medal in a winter sport.

In 1982, Igaya became a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC). After his retirement in 2011, he was granted honorary IOC membership status.


Ivanka Trump

Ivana Marie "Ivanka" Trump (born October 30, 1981) is an American businesswoman, socialite, heiress and political advisor. She is the second child of Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States and his first wife Ivana Trump. She served as the senior advisor to the president under her father's administration from 2017 to 2021.

Trump worked at The Trump Organization with the company's real estate and hotel management from 2009 until 2017. She also has several other business deals.

On October 25, 2009, Trump married Jewish American businessman Jared Kushner after converting to Judaism earlier that year in July.

In January 2017, it was said that Trump and her husband were buying and moving into a family home in the Kalorama neighborhood of Washington, DC. Federal forms released in 2017 say that Trump and her husband may have assets worth more than $740 million.

Trump is bilingual, speaking English and French. She also has a basic knowledge of her mother's native language of Czech.

Indira (movie)

Indira is a 1996 Tamil movie. It was written by Mani Ratnam. It was directed by his wife and national award winning actress Suhasini. "Indira" dealt with the caste issues in a typical Tamil Nadu village through the eyes of an upright young dalit girl.

Tsunekazu Takeda

Takeda was born on November 1, 1947 in Tokyo. He was the third son of Prince Tsuneyoshi Takeda and his great-grandfather was Emperor Meiji.

He graduated from Keio University in 1970 with a degree in law.

Takeda was a member of the Japanese team in the 1972 Summer Olympics at Munich and the 1976 Summer Olympics at Montreal.

He was a competitor in the All Japan Equestrian Championships in 1969, 1975, 1977, 1978 and 1982. 

In 2001, he became president of the Japanese Olympic Committee. He is also an Executive Board member on the Olympic Council of Asia.

In July 2012, he was elected to be a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC). 


Yukio Kasaya

In the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo, Kasaya earned Japan's first Olympic Winter Games gold medal in the 70m ski jump.


Shallow Grave

Shallow Grave is a 1994 British crime thriller movie set in Edinburgh. It was written by John Hodge, produced by Andrew Macdonald and directed by Danny Boyle. It stars Ewan McGregor as journalist Alex, Kerry Fox as doctor Juliet and Christopher Eccleston as accountant David. The three are friends who share a flat. They interview people who want to become their fourth flatmate and choose Hugo (played by Keith Allen). Alex, Juliet and David find him dead in his room and a suitcase full of money in the room. They decide to keep his death secret, cut up and dispose of the dead body in a shallow grave and keep the money.

Yuki Otsu

Otsu was born in Mito on March 24, 1990. After graduating from Seiritsu Gakuen High School, he joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol in 2008. He played many matches from first season. However Kashiwa was relegated to J2 League end of the 2009 season. In 2010, Kashiwa won the champions and was returned to J1 in a year. In July 2011, he moved to German Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach. However there were few opportunities to play. In 2012, he moved to Dutch Eredivisie club VVV-Venlo. Although he played many matches, the club was relegated to Eerste Divisie end of the 2012/13 season. In January 2015, he returned to his first club Kashiwa Reysol. In 2018, he moved to Yokohama F. Marinos. Yokohama won the J1 League champions in 2019. In 2021, he moved to J2 club Júbilo Iwata.

In July 2012, Otsu was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played all 6 matches and scored 3 goals, Japan won the 4th place. On February 6, 2013, he debuted for the Japan national team against Latvia. He played 2 games for Japan in 2013.

175||11||16||3||33||6||10||0||234||20
3||0||1||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||4||0
50||6||4||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||54||6
228||17||21||3||33||6||10||0||292||26

!Total||2||0

...Baby One More Time (song)

"...Baby One More Time" is the first single for Britney Spears released off her first album as its first single. It went to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The video was memorable for Spears being dressed in a schoolgirl uniform.

The song was mostly written by Max Martin. It was originally pitched to the R&B group TLC but they turned it down.


Womanizer

"Womanizer" is a 2008 song. It is the first song on Britney Spears' sixth album "Circus". It was the first single released off that album. It went to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It is an electropop song referring to a womanizing man.

If U Seek Amy

"If U Seek Amy" is a song on Britney Spears' sixth album "Circus". It was the third single released off that album in early 2009. It hit the top 40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Because of the double entendre in the song, radio stations played an edited version titled "If U See Amy".

Everytime

"Everytime" is the third single released off of Britney Spears' fourth album "In the Zone". It was released in March 2004. It was co-written by Spears herself. It hit the top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Oops!... I Did It Again (song)

"Oops!... I Did It Again" is the title track of Britney Spears' second album. It was the first single released off that album. The song was released in early 2000. It reached the top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100.

I'm a Slave 4 U

"I'm a Slave 4 U" is a song from Britney Spears' third album, "Britney". It was the first single off that album. It was released in late 2001. It was the only song from the album to hit the top 40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song created controversy. That was partly because of the words, which could be seen as sexual. It was also partly because of her performance of the song on the MTV Video Music Awards.

Gimme More

"Gimme More" is a song from Britney Spears' album "Blackout". The song was released in late 2007. It was her comeback single after a few years out of the music business because of her personal problems. It hit the top 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It is a dance-pop and electropop song with elements of disco music. Its lyrics are apparently about dancing and having sex although they're actually about the media fascination for Spears' private life as noted in lyrics such as "Cameras are flashing my way darty dancin' they keep watching, feels like the crowd was saying: gimme more"

The song was first performed at the 2007 VMA awards; a performance heavily criticized by the media comparing it to Spears' standards in previous ceremonies. It was also performed during the Femme Fatale tour in an Egypt-style remix in 2011 as well as in Vegas Residency in 2013.

The song was an international success reaching the top 10 in more than 15 countries including the US, UK and Australia among others

Morrisons

Wm Morrison Supermarkets plc (Morrisons) () is the fourth biggest supermarket in the United Kingdom. Its main offices are in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. The company is usually called Morrisons. In 2008, Sir Ken Morrison left the company.
Dalton Philips is the current head. The old CEO was Marc Bolland, who left to become CEO of Marks & Spencer.

As of September 2009, Morrisons has 455 shops in the United Kingdom.

On 15 March 2007, Morrisons said that it would stop its old branding and go for a more modern brand image. Their lower price brand, "Bettabuy", was also changed to a more modern brand called the "Morrisons Value". This brand was then changed again in 2012 as Morrisons started their low price option brand called "M Savers".

In 2005 Morrisons bought part of the old Rathbones Bakeries for £15.5 million which make Rathbones and Morrisons bread.

In 2011, Morrisons opened a new 767,500 square/foot centre in Bridgwater for a £11 million redevelopment project. This project also made 200 new jobs.

Dermal bone

A dermal bone (membrane bone) is a bony structure that is part of the intramembranous ossification (the bone that helps fetus development in mammals). It is part of the vertebrate skeleton. These include the skull, jaws, gills, fins and exoskeleton.

Orange-thighed frog

The orange-thighed frog, northern orange-eyed frog or lime tree frog ("Litoria xanthomera") is a species of tree frogs. They live in tropical places in Queensland, Australia. People have seen it between 100 and 1500 meters above sea level. They are green with orange eyes. They also look like the red-eyed tree frog. The orange-thighed frog is a medium-sized tree frog. They can reach up to 5.5 centimeters in length. It is a skinny frog with a thin body, flat head and large orange eyes.

This frog lives in rainforests where the trees are close together. It spends almost all its time high in the trees. It only comes down from the tree to look for mates and lay eggs. Male orange-thighed frogs gather in groups in ponds. They call for a mate from branches or on the edge of the water. Their call is a long "aaa-rk". They mate with females after a heavy rainfall. Their eggs are brown and the female can lay from 800 to 1600 eggs. The orange-thighed frog's tadpole are similar to the red-eyed tree frogs.

This frog was in danger because human beings would cut down its forests to take the wood to build things. Now, people visiting their forests for fun is a larger problem.


Discoglossidae

Discoglossidae is a family of frogs. They are commonly known as the Disc-Tongued Frogs. They live in Europe but some species have been found in Northeastern Africa. An extinct species of the Discoglossidae family used to live in Israel.

The family has two genus. They include the "Alytes" and "Discoglossus". The "Discoglossus" frogs looks very alike to toads and can be found on land. The "Alytes" are more smoother and look more like frogs. They are seen in the water. All of the species of the Discoglossidae will lay their eggs in ponds and will turn into tadpoles.

The genus "Bombina" and "Barbourula" also used to be under this family but have now been moved to the Bombinatoridae family,

Family Discoglossidae


Enneabatrachus hechti

Enneabatrachus hechti is an extinct species of an extinct genus of prehistoric frogs from Morocco and the United States. They lived during the Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous periods. There has been many fossils found of them. There was one found in Como Bluff, Wyoming. They are part of the family Alytidae. The specimen found in Wyoming was only a few millimeters long.

Bufonidae

Bufonidae is a family of the "true toads". The family has 35 genus. The Bufonidae toads are found almost everywhere and are well known. True toads can be found on every continent except Australia and Antarctica. They can be found in rain forest. They lay their eggs in strings. They will hatch and become tadpoles. However, the genus "Nectophrynoides", their young will not develop from a tadpole stage.

True toads do not have any tooth. Their skin looks like warts. They have a pair of parotoid glands on the back of their heads. These glands has alkaloid poison. They get this type of poison from stress. They have also other toxins such as Bufotoxin. Male toads has a Bidder's organ. The organ will become an active ovary if conditions are right. They will then become a female.

Bufonidae has about 500 species among 37 genus.



Sirenidae

Sirenidae or sirens is a family of aquatic salamanders. They have very small front legs and do not have back legs. They have gills for breathing. Sirens are found only in the southeastern United States and northern Mexico.

The siren family (Sirenidae) is subdivided into two genera, with two species each:

Family SIRENIDAE


Lumbriculus variegatus

Lumbricus terrestris (also known as the California blackworm or bloodworm) is a species of worm. These worms live in shallow water such as marshes, ponds and swamps. They feed on microorganisms. Adult blackworms can lay 150 to 250 eggs.

Fathead minnow

The fathead minnow ("Pimephales promelas"), also know as the rosy red minnow, is a species of freshwater fish. They are in the "Pimephales" genus of the cyprinid family. They live in North America and central Canada. This minnow has been introduced to many areas by people. They are golden. They are a feeder fish and are sold in pet stores.

Ed, Edd n Eddy

Ed, Edd n Eddy is an animated television series created by Danny Antonucci for Cartoon Network. It was produced by the studio a.k.a. Cartoon. The show is about three boys called "the Eds" who live in a cul-de-sac. They also create scams (tricks) in their neighborhood. These tricks could be items that the other kids might want to buy. They do this so the other kids will give them money to buy jawbreakers. Most of the times, their plans end in a bad way.

Before Cartoon Network started writing the show, Antonucci tried to sell it to Nickelodeon. However, the channel wanted to control what he does with the show. Antonucci did not agree to that and went with the former. Four specials, and two books were made. The characters of the show were also in many comic books and video games. The series ended with the TV movie "Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show" on November 8, 2009.

The show got mostly good reviews and many awards and nominations. Kids and adults from 31 million households in 30 different countries watched the show. The show became Cartoon Network's longest-airing show.




Alex Borstein

Alexandrea "Alex" Borstein (born February 15, 1971) is an American actress, voice actress, writer, and comedian. Borstein is known for her long running role as Lois Griffin in the animated television series "Family Guy" and for her role as Princess Reina Fellow Princess in the Nick Jr. series "Destiny's Side", and a cast member on the sketch comedy series "MADtv".

Born in Highland Park, Illinois and studied San Francisco State University. Borstein was trained in comedy at the ACME Comedy Theatre, near Hollywood, California, and was selected to join MADtv after being searched by talent agents who noticed her comedy work at the theatre. Borstein was a writer and voice actress for several shows like; "Casper, Pinky and the Brain" and "Power Rangers: Zeo", "Powerpuff Girls", before joining the cast of "MADtv" as a featured player, and as a theatre player in 1997. 

Borstein is married to Jackson Douglas since 1999 and have a child Barnaby Douglas, and Henrietta Douglas.


Mike Henry

Michael Robert "Mike" Henry (born November 7, 1965 in Pontiac, Michigan) is an American voice actor, writer, producer, singer, and comedian. He is best known for his work on "Family Guy" where he is a writer, producer, and voice actor. 

He does the voice for many characters, such as Cleveland Brown, Herbert, Bruce, and Greased Up Deaf Guy, and Consuela. Starting with the show's fifth season, Henry had received billing as a main cast member. In 2009, Henry, Seth MacFarlane, and Richard Appel created a spin-off of "Family Guy" called "The Cleveland Show" to focus on Cleveland and his new family.

Henry is currently married to Sara Henry and have two children.

Connie Sellecca

Connie Sellecca (born Concetta Sellecchia on May 25, 1955 in Bronx, New York) is an American actress and former model who has starred in many television programs and many movies. She was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Television Series Drama in 1987.

Mikio Oda

He was the first Japanese Olympic gold medalist. He was the first Asian Olympic champion in an individual event.

Oda's main event was triple jump, but he also competed in long jump and high jump.
He participated in all three events in the 1924 Summer Olympics, the 1928 Summer Olympics and the 1932 Summer Olympics. 

In 1928 games in Amsterdam, he won the gold medal in the triple jump event. 

Oda later also set the world record in the sport, when he jumped for 15.58 m while studying in Waseda University during 1931.

He became a member of the Japanese Olympic Committee.

During the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, the Olympic flag was raised to a height of exactly 15.21 meters, to pay respect to Oda's achievement 36 years earlier.



Jodie Sweetin

Jodie Lee Ann Sweetin (born January 19, 1982) is an American actress. She is well known for her role as Stephanie Tanner in the sitcom "Full House" from 1987 to 1995. She has also performed in other television programs.

Peter Wyngarde

Peter Paul Wyngarde (Cyril Goldbert; 23 August 1927 – 15 January 2018) was an English singer, television and movie actor best known for his role as Jason King, a bestselling novelist turned sleuth, in two British television series in the late 1960s and early 1970s: "Department S" (1969 - 1970), and "Jason King" (1971 - 1972). 

Wyngarde was born in Marseille, France to a French mother and English father. Wyngarde was married to Dorinda Stevens from 1951 until 1956 and they had no children. Wyngarde died on 15 January 2018 at a London hospital at the age of 90.

Wyngarde recorded songs for RCA Victor during the 1970s.

Freddy West Tjakamarra

Freddy West Tjakamarra (previously Tjukurti Tjakamarra; born around 1932 – died 1994) was an Australian Aboriginal artist. He was a leader of the Pintupi people during their return to traditional lands in the 1980s. He was one of the founders of the Kiwirrkurra settlement in 1983. As a painter, West was part of the Western Desert movement, and was one of the very first painters of the Papunya Tula school. 

Freddy West was born in the Great Sandy Desert sometime in the early 1930s. He was born in the Pollock Hills, north of where Kiwirrkura is today, and lived a nomadic, hunter-gatherer lifestyle for the first half of his life. He and his family were mostly based along the western shore of Lake Mackay. They often travelled with another group, led by a man named Waku Tjungurrayi. These families became some of the last nomadic groups left in the desert – most other families having been settled in government stations since the 1950s. In 1962, West decided that he would go and join his relatives, who were living at Papunya. This is traditionally Luritja land, but the Pintupi had become displaced here because of weapons tests being done at Woomera. He met some officers of the Territory's welfare department in the area of Dovers Hills, and arranged for them to take him and his family to Papunya in a year's time. In August 1963, West and his family began to walk to Papunya and met the welfare officers on the way. West had two wives: Parara and Payu, who were sisters of the Napaltjarri skin grouping.

At Papunya, West started to paint with Geoffrey Bardon. He became one of the first members of the Papunya Tula school, and a shareholder in the company. In the late 1970s, West campaigned strongly within the Pintupi community for them to leave Papunya and return to their traditional country in the west. He moved back west with other Pintupi in 1981 and set up the community of Kintore. He was later an important person in the establishment of Kiwirrkurra, in 1983. He lived there for most of the rest of his life. He married a third wife in October 1984, Takariya Napaltjarri. She was the daughter of Waku Tjungurrayi, and had only come out of the desert a few days before they were married. They soon separated, and Takariya remarried. With his two other wives, West had 15 children. He died in 1994.

West did not paint much compared with many other early Papunya artists. His early works depicted abstract scenes of men's ceremonies, and were very decorated. His later works depicted stories from the Pintupi dreamtime ("Tingari"), using a motif of circles and lines. He has works in the Australian Museum in Sydney, the National Museum of Australia in Canberra, the Art Gallery of Western Australia in Perth, and the Art Gallery of South Australia in Adelaide.

Pinta Pinta Tjapanangka

Pinta Pinta Tjapanangka (late 1920s – 1999) was an Australian Aboriginal artist. He was one of the very first members of the Papunya Tula art movement. He is a well-known painter of Western Desert art. He belonged to the Pintupi community, and painted stories from the Pintupi Dreaming ("Tingari"). He painted mythological events that happened around his homeland, including around Winparrku, Lake MacDonald and Lake Mackay.

Pinta Pinta was from Western Australia. He was born at Yumari, a place in the Great Sandy Desert. He was probably born sometime in the late 1920s (around 1927 or 1928). Before contact with White society, he lived a nomadic way of life in the desert. In the 1950s, he walked with his family to stay at Haasts Bluff, a government rations outpost. This was his first contact with modern Australian civilisation. His was one of the last groups in the country to come out of the desert.

Pinta Pinta began painting in the mid-1970s, at Papunya. He moved to Kintore after it was founded in 1981. In 1984, Pinta Pinta and his family set up an outstation at Winparrku (Mount Webb), between Kintore and Kiwirrkurra. The family moved here shortly after. In 1988, he had a small part in the move "Evil Angels".

His paintings mostly stick to black, white and ochre in colour. The most obvious motif seen in them is the circles and lines, which depict dreaming tracks. Some of his works are in the Australian Museum, the National Gallery of Victoria and the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory.

He had two sons, Matthew (born early 1960s) and Nyilyari (born about 1965). Nyilyari also became a famous artist.

House centipede

The house centipede ("Scutigera coleoptrata") is a yellowish grey centipede having up to 15 pairs of legs. 

The species are found all across the world and live in human apartments or houses. The house centipede is an insectivore; it kills and eats arachnids and insects. They were first discovered around 1758. These centipedes are harmless to humans, although humans may be startled by them. It is a nocturnal animal.

House centipedes live from three to seven years, depending on the environment. They can start breeding in their third year. 

They are among the fastest artropods: they can reach speeds of up to 420mm/s, which is about 1.5km/h. 

Dom DeLuise

Dominick "Dom" DeLuise (August 1, 1933 May 4, 2009) was an American actor, voice actor, comedian, movie director, television producer, chef and author.

He was the husband of actress Carol Arthur from 1965 until his death in 2009. He was the father of actor, director, pianist, and writer Peter DeLuise, actor David DeLuise, and actor Michael DeLuise. He starred in several movies directed by Mel Brooks. He was in a series of movies with career-long best friends Burt Reynolds. He was a voice actor in most of the animated movies by Don Bluth. DeLuise appeared in "The Dean Martin Show". He appeared in more than 100 movies.

DeLuise was born on August 1, 1933 in Brooklyn, New York City. His parents were Italian Americans Vincenza "Jennie" (née DeStefano), a homemaker, and John DeLuise, a garbage collector. He was raised a Roman Catholic. He attended The High School of Performing Arts and Tufts University.

In 1964, he married actress Carol Arthur; together they have three sons: Peter DeLuise (born 1966), David DeLuise (born 1971), and Michael DeLuise (born 1969).

DeLuise lived in Santa Monica, California until his death there on May 4, 2009 He had renal failure due to diabetes and also had cancer. He died from kidney failure and complications of cancer. He was 75 years old. DeLuise is buried next to his parents in New York City.


Water viper

Agkistrodon piscivorus, also known as the cottonmouth snake, water moccasin, or water viper, is a species of highly venomous pit viper (a type of snake) found throughout southeastern United States. Commonly called cottonmouths because of their all-white mouth, they are often confused with Northern water snakes, which are harmless, but the cottonmouth is much the opposite.

Cottonmouths live throughout southeastern United States, often found in water sources, such as marshes, bogs, lakes, rivers, ponds and almost every body of water you could imagine. 

The cottonmouth's diet consists of birds, frogs, toads, lizards, smaller cottonmouths, small alligators and turtles, and a few other things. A lot of snakes eat whatever they can find. 

Cottonmouths are one of the most dangerous snakes in the world. Remember the rhyme: if it's white, stay away! If it's not, you'll live to see another day. 

Dick Van Patten

Richard Vincent "Dick" Van Patten (December 9, 1928 – June 23, 2015) was an American actor, businessman, and animal welfare advocate. He was best known for his role as Tom Bradford on the television sitcom "Eight is Enough".

Van Patten was born in Queens, New York.

He began working as a child actor. He was successful on the New York stage, appearing in more than a dozen plays as a teenager. He later starred in many television roles including the long running CBS television series, "I Remember Mama" and "Young Dr. Malone". Later he would star or co-star in many feature movies including Mel Brooks' "Robin Hood: Men in Tights", Charlton Heston's "Soylent Green" and the Academy Award winning "Charly".

Van Patten is the founder of Natural Balance Pet Foods and National Guide Dog Month. Van Patten has been married to Patricia Poole since 1954. They have three children; Vincent Van Patten, Nels Van Patten, and Jimmy Van Patten.

Van Patten died at the age of 86 from diabetic complications in Santa Monica, California.


Daphne Zuniga

Daphne Zuniga (born October 28, 1962) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Jo Reynolds in the television series "Melrose Place" and as Victoria Davis on The CW teen drama "One Tree Hill". 

Zuniga supports Equality Now. Equality Now works to make legal changes in countries to better lives of females. Also, she is working to restore the river in Los Angeles. She is a member of the board of directors for a group working to restore the river area.


Yun Chi-wang

General Yun Chi-wang (윤치왕, 尹致旺) (February 17, 1895 – December 21, 1982) was a South Korean politicians, solder and gynecologist. He was the half brother of Yun Chi-ho, uncle of Yun Poson, 4th president of South Korea.


Gretchen Carlson

Gretchen Elizabeth Carlson (born 21 June 1966 in Minnesota) is an American television personality. She performs hosting shows on Fox News. Before that, Carlson received the title of Miss America 1989 (she still works with the Miss America Pageant club). Later she teamed up with CBS News. She joined Fox News around 2005.


Greta Van Susteren

Greta Van Susteren (born June 11, 1954 near Appleton, Wisconsin) is an American news commentator and television personality on Fox News Network . She is the host of On the Record on Fox News Network. She is also a former criminal defense and civil trial lawyer. She co-hosted Burden of Proof along with Roger Cossack on Cable News Network(CNN) prior to switching to Fox. She received the American Bar Association’s Presidential Award for “Excellence in Journalism” in 2001.

She married lawyer John P. Coale in 1988. They are members of the Church of Scientology. 

Tucker Carlson

Tucker Swanson McNear Carlson (born May 16, 1969) is an American television host and conservative political commentator who hosted "" on Fox News from 2016 to 2023. He is a contributing editor for "The Weekly Standard". He started his television career as a political analyst for the Cable News Network (CNN) and also a host on that network, co-hosting The Spin Room and Crossfire. He left CNN in 2004. He then started hosting a show on MSNBC. Carlson co-founded "The Daily Caller", funded by Foster Friess. He then co-hosted a weekend morning talk show on Fox News Channel. On April 24, 2023, he was fired from Fox News.

Tucker was born in San Francisco and grew up in Carlsbad, California.

In 2006, he was a contestant on "Dancing with the Stars". He was the first person eliminated from the competition.

Rules of Engagement (TV series)

Rules of Engagement is an American sitcom set in New York City. It aired from February 5, 2007 to May 20, 2013 on CBS. It has five main characters. Patrick Warburton and Megyn Price play married couple Jeff and Audrey. Oliver Hudson and Bianca Kajlich play engaged couple Adam and Jen. David Spade plays womanizing narcissistic single man Russell. Adhir Kalyan plays Timmy, Russell's office assistant.

Geraldo Rivera

Geraldo Rivera (born July 4, 1943, Manhattan, New York City) is an American attorney, journalist, author, reporter, and talk show host. He almost always appears on Fox News. He hosted a talk show, "Geraldo", which ran for eleven years and featured many controversial guests. He began hosting for Fox News not long after the attacks of September 11, 2001. He hosts "Geraldo at Large". He has written six books.


Government of the United Kingdom

The Government of the United Kingdom, formally referred to as His Majesty's Government, is the central government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. It is also commonly referred to as simply the British Government or the UK Government.
The Government is led by the Prime Minister, who chooses the other Ministers. The Prime Minister and the other most powerful Ministers belong to a group known as the Cabinet, who are the most important decision makers in the Government. These ministers are all members of Parliament (MPs). Laws are made by MPs voting in Parliament, which is called 'legislative authority'. These laws make what is called primary legislation. 

The Prime Minister now is Rishi Sunak, the present leader of the Conservative Party. Liz Truss, the former leader, was only Prime Minister for a short time and had succeeded Boris Johnson, who had been Prime Minister from 2019 until his resignation in 2022.

The government is chosen by the people indirectly. The people of the United Kingdom vote in a general election, appointing representatives to the Parliament, at least once every five years. The monarch must select as Prime Minister the person who is likely to have the support of Parliament. By convention, that is normally the leader of the party that has the most MPs in the House of Commons. The Prime Minister leads the government and exercises executive power on behalf of the monarch, in accordance with the laws set by Parliament, including appointing Ministers to the executive branches of government. 

Under the British constitution, laws are made or unmade by Parliament. The policy and administration of the laws is done by the direction of the Prime Minister and the Cabinet. This is called executive authority. The monarch is obliged to follow the advice of the government and has not refused to do so since the 17th century. The Cabinet members advise the monarch as part of a group called Privy Council. They also use their power directly as leaders of the Government departments. 

The British kind of government is sometimes called parliamentary government.

There are separate governments in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, each responsible to their own local parliament. These parliaments have certain limits decided by the main parliament in Westminster. There is no separate English Parliament.

Margaux Hemingway

Margot Louise Hemingway (February 16, 1954-July 1, 1996), later called Margaux Hemingway, was an American actress and fashion model. She was born in Portland, Oregon. She was the sister of Mariel Hemingway. On July 1, 1996, the day before the anniversary of her grandfather Ernest Hemingway's own suicide, Margaux killed herself: she overdosed with a drug called phenobarbital. She was found dead inside her apartment in Santa Monica, California.

Styx (moon)

Styx (formerly known as S/2012 (134340) 1 and informally as P5) is a small moon of the dwarf planet Pluto. It was discovered on June 26, 2012, using the Hubble Space Telescope. It is the fifth moon of Pluto discovered so far. The others are Charon, discovered in 1978, Nix and Hydra, which were discovered in 2005, and Kerberos, discovered in 2011.

The moon was discovered using nine sets of images taken between 26 June and 9 July 2012 by Wide Field Camera 3 of the Hubble Space Telescope. NASA announced the discovery on 11 July 2012. The images were taken as part of a Hubble survey searching for potential hazards for the New Horizons mission. The New Horizons space probe is going to Pluto at the moment and will arrive in July 2015. The discovery of the moon has made scientists worried about the mission. Pluto may have more bodies, such as dust or rings, orbiting it which cannot be found. These bodies could damage the New Horizons probe. The current plan for New Horizons is that it will pass just inside the orbit of Charon. But this could change if scientists think that the space probe will be damaged.

The moon is 10 to 25 km across. Because of its small size, it is likely to be irregular in shape. The moon is very faint, about one one-hundred-thousandth as bright as Pluto. The moon is likely to be made of water ice.

Styx orbits the centre of mass of Pluto and Charon at a distance of around 42,000 km. This is in between the orbits of Charon and Nix. The orbital path of the moon is very nearly circular, like the other moons of Pluto. The moon orbits in the same orbital plane as the other moons. The moon takes around 20 days to orbit Pluto.

The moon system around Pluto may exist because of a collision of Pluto with a large Kuiper belt body a very long time ago. Pluto’s moons may have formed from the scattered pieces of rock left behind after the collision.

The Doon School

The Doon School (informally "Doon School" or "Doon") is a boys-only private boarding school in Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India. The school was founded by Satish Ranjan Das, a Calcutta lawyer. Doon's first headmaster was Arthur E. Foot, a former science master at Eton College. The present headmaster is Peter McLaughlin, who has occupied the post since 2009 and is the ninth headmaster of the school.

The school houses roughly 500 pupils aged 13 to 18. Every year in January and April, the school admits pupils aged 13 in Grade 7 (known as D-form) and aged 14 in Grade 8 (C-form) respectively. Doon pupils take the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education in tenth grade and are thereafter offered two strands for the final two years: International Baccalaureate (IB) or Indian School Certificate (ISC). The school began offering the IB curriculum only in 2006, before which all pupils had to sit the ISC examinations in twelfth grade. 

Doon has consistently been ranked among the best residential schools of India by media such as "The Times of India" and "Outlook". Doon remains a boys-only school despite continued pressure from political leaders, including President Pratibha Patil, to become coeducational. Former students of the school are commonly known as "Doscos". Although the total number of Doscos is relatively small (estimated at 5,000 since the school's founding), they include some of India's most prominent politicians, government officials and business leaders. The best known alumnus is former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi.

Maria Muldaur

Maria Muldaur (born in New York City, September 12, 1943) is an American singer and songwriter. Her birth name was Maria Grazia Rosa Domenica D'Amato. She is a folk-blues singer who contributed to the revival of American folk music in the early 1960s and recorded the 1974 hit song "Midnight at the Oasis".

Gavin Newsom

Gavin Christopher Newsom (born October 10, 1967) is an American politician and businessman serving as the 40th governor of California since 2019. As a member of the Democratic Party, he previously served as the 49th lieutenant governor of California from 2011 to 2019 and served as the 42nd mayor of San Francisco from 2004 to 2011.

Gavin Christopher Newsom was born on October 10, 1967 in San Francisco, California to Tessa Menzies Newsom and William A. Newsom lll. During his childhood he was diagnosed with dyslexia, which made it very difficult to read, write, spell and work with numbers and his parents divorced in 1972 when he was five years old.

During his teen years, Newsom had to work several jobs to support his family plus he was a shooting guard as a basketball player in high school.

He attended schools and universities such as, Ecole Notre Dames Des Victories, Redwood High School, Santa Clara University and later graduated with a Bachelor of Science and also studied abroad in Rome, Italy.

In November 2003, Newsom announced his candidacy for mayor and was officially sworn in as the 42nd mayor of San Francisco on January 8, 2004. 

In November 2007, he ran for reelection and was sworn in for a second term in January 2008. He served as mayor of San Francisco from 2004 until his term ended in January 2011. 

Newsom previously served as a member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors from 1997 until January 2004, shortly before becoming mayor of the city.

In March 2010, Newsom officially announced his candidacy for lieutenant governor and he won the democratic primary in June 2010, he won the election along with former California governor Jerry Brown and was sworn in as 49th lieutenant governor of California on January 10, 2011. 

In 2014, he ran for reelection and was sworn in for a second term in January 2015. Newsom served as lieutenant governor of California from 2011 until his term ended in January 2019.

In 2015, while Newsom was still lieutenant governor, he announced that he'll run for governor in 2018. In June 2018, he won the democratic primary and had chosen former ambassador Eleni Kounalakis as his running mate for lieutenant governor. 

In November 2018, he defeated republican candidate John H. Cox, and was confirmed the winner of the race. 

Newsom was officially sworn in as 40th governor of California on January 7, 2019.

In late 2021, Newsom launched his reelection campaign to a second term as governor.

On November 8, 2022, he defeated state senator and Republican candidate Brian Dahle to a second term as governor with Eleni Kounalakis as his running mate in the 2022 election.

Newsom was sworn in to a second term as governor on January 6, 2023. 

Newsom was previously married to attorney Kimberly Guilfoyle from 2001 until they divorced in 2006.

He had met actress Jennifer Siebel on a blind date at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in October 2006, and soon began dating afterwards. He officially proposed to Siebel in January 2008 and announced their engagement. Seven months later they officially got married in July 2008. 

They have four children together, two daughters named, Montana and Brooklynn Newsom and two sons named, Dutch and Hunter Newsom and he also has a sister named Hilary Newsom and is related to former U.S. house speaker Nancy Pelosi.

https://www.gov.ca.gov/about/

https://gavinnewsom.com/about/

https://www.nga.org/governor/gavin-newsom/ 

https://ballotpedia.org/Gavin_Newsom

Prytaneion

The Prytaneion was a building at Olympia, Greece. It was here that feasts in honor of the Olympic victors and official guests were held in ancient times. The Prytaneion was built towards the end of the 6th century BC. It was located northwest of the Temple of Hera at Olympia. During Roman times (as evidenced by the many bricks), it was reconstructed and extended many times. The Altar of Hestia (the Greek virgin goddess of the hearth) was in the building. It was on this altar that the Olympic eternal flame burned day and night. Every year, Olympian priests would daub the Great Altar of Zeus with a mixture made from the ashes of the Altar of Hestia and the water of the River Alpheios. The Altar of Hestia was in a square room on the southern side of the building. The rooms on the west side and the peristyle court on the north side were used for feasting and cooking. 

Elizabeth Arden

Florence Nightingale Graham (31 December 1884 – 18 October 1966), better known as Elizabeth Arden, was a Canadian–American business woman who founded what is now known as Elizabeth Arden, Incorporated. She built a cosmetics network in the United States. At the peak of her career, she became one of the richest women in the world. She was born near to Woodbridge in the Province of Ontario.

Pintupi Nine

The Pintupi Nine were a group of Aboriginal Australians. They are said to have been the last Aborigines in Australia to come into contact with modern civilisation. The group lived a nomadic, hunter-gatherer way of life in the Great Sandy Desert, before they met with their relatives near Kiwirrkurra in October 1984. Most other groups from this region had left the desert over 20 years before. They had been settled in towns to the east and west, but this group had stayed behind.

The group belonged to the Pintupi community. They lived on the western side of Lake Mackay, north of where Kiwirrkurra is today. It was made up of a single family. The father of the group had recently died, leaving two widows and seven children, most of whom were young adults. The family was moving south, hoping to find some of their relatives. They came across another family setting up an outstation, but ran away after a misunderstanding. Their relatives from Kiwirrkurra went to find them and then brought them into modern society.

Most Pintupi families had been settled in rural communities well over 20 years before. Starting from the 1930s, the Pintupi were forced to leave their homeland because of weapons tests being done at Woomera. Most were taken to Papunya, very far to the east, which is historically Luritja land. Others were moved northwest to Balgo, in Kukatja country. After this time, the Pintupi were said to have given up looking for any of their relatives living in the desert after they lost contact with the general community. They believed such people had died.

By the 1960s, there were only a few families still living as nomads in the desert. Most of them had heard about White people and places like Papunya. But they had not come into contact with them. They chose to keep living in the way they had always lived. This was a problem, because they were all closely related. Pintupi follow a strict system of kinship (called skin groupings) that says who they can marry. It makes sure they avoid inbreeding. As not many families were left in the big desert, there were almost no eligible partners for the younger men and women.

Much later, the Aboriginal Land Rights Act would be passed by the Northern Territory in 1976. Many Pintupi started to return to their land to set up permanent communities. They established the town of Kintore in 1981. Further west, Kiwirrkurra was founded in 1983 near Lake Mackay. This salt plain is the heart of the Pintupi homeland, and is where this particular family mostly lived.

The family was originally led by a man named Waku Tjungurrayi. He had four wives: Papalya, Nanu, Watjunka and another woman (whose name is not known to outsiders). These wives were all sisters belonging to the Nangala skin group. Papalya was Waku's main wife. They had three children: Topsy, Warlimpirrnga and Takariya. Waku also had another child, Piyiti, with the fourth (unnamed) sister. In the early years, this family sometimes travelled and hunted with another group. It was led by a man named Tjukurti Tjakamarra (later known as Freddy West). In 1962, West and his family decided they would go to live at Papunya. Waku did not want to leave, so they left Waku's family and went east.

About a year later, the eldest daughter, Topsy, left the group. She married a man named Tommy Tjakamarra, who had come across the family while on his way northeast to Mikantji. Topsy had nobody to marry in her own group and Tommy had the right skin name. So they left to settle at Mikantji. Around this time, Piyiti's mother died.

Waku died in about 1964. Soon after, a man named Lanti (or "Joshua") joined the group and married the three widows. He had lived at Balgo, but left there after getting into trouble with the Catholic missionaries. He came across the group while walking south across the desert. He took Waku's place as leader of the group. Nanu was his main wife. They had three children: Tamayinya, Yalti and Yukultji. Lanti also had another child, Walala, with Watjunka. Watjunka died sometime during the 1970s. When Lanti died around 1980, there were nine left in the group.

The group was made up of two women and their seven children. All were born in the desert, so their exact ages are not known.

The family lived travelling between temporary waterholes around Lake Mackay. They followed the clouds, as the presence of water dictated where they would go. They wore only small belts made out of hair. They carried wooden spears, spear-throwers and boomerangs for hunting. They also had an axe-head that Lanti had brought from Balgo. The group mostly ate lizards, witchetty grubs and bush plants. They also hunted rabbit, kangaroo, emu, goanna and snake.

The family knew of places like Papunya, Balgo and Mikantji. They knew their relatives lived there. But Lanti had always kept the group away from those places. They had also heard stories about "kartiya" (whites), but did not understand who they were. The few encounters they had with modern objects (cars, planes) were associated with the supernatural. In an interview, Warlimpirrnga remembered, "Joshua had told us about white men and motor cars. We knew there were non-Aboriginal people closing in around us. We didn't know what was happening."

To add to this, there were people who knew this family were still living in the desert. These included Topsy and Freddy West. They and their families all moved to Kiwirrkurra in 1983. Other locals would sometimes see campfires in the distance at night and footprints in the sand and knew they belonged to a group wandering the desert. The territory's welfare department were also said to have known about this particular group as early as 1962, and anthropologists working with the Pintupi during this time would often hear about these people.

The father, Lanti (or "Joshua"), died sometime around 1980. He died at Kuwarla, at the northern end of Lake Mackay. As is customary, the family moved away from the area in mourning. They travelled south, hoping to find some relatives.

The encounter that led to the group leaving the desert happened on 13 October 1984. Warlimpirrnga and Piyiti were out hunting. They were at Lake Mackay, about two days walk from where their family was camped. They saw smoke coming from a campfire to the south. It was at Winparku, a waterhole between Kiwirrkurra and Kintore. A man named Pinta Pinta and his two sons were setting up an outstation there. After dark, Warlimpirrnga came close to the group. They were clothed and sitting next to a four-wheel drive. They drew water for Warlimpirrnga from a pump.

Warlimpirrnga was scared. He was also angry, because these strangers were sitting on the land of his ancestors. They were in fact related, but didn't know each other. Warlimpirrnga knew only about his relatives from what his mothers had told him of them. They had an argument, and Pinta Pinta became frightened. Each thought the other was a featherfoot (sorcerer). When the man's son fired a shot from a rifle, Warlimpirrnga ran off. He took his family north, deep into the desert for safety. This was their first encounter with other people in 20 years.

Meanwhile, Pinta Pinta and his family drove west through the night to Kiwirrkurra. He told everyone they had seen a featherfoot man. But when he described the man to them, Freddy West said he thought it was Warlimpirrnga. The next day, the elders met and decided to find the group and bring them in. On 15 October, a team of seven Pintupi and Charlie McMahon, the community co-ordinator, went out to Winparku. Together they followed the group's tracks across the desert in two four-wheel drives. On the second night, they could see the family's campfire in the distance. The next day, McMahon had to go back. His friend, Geoff Toll, drove up to continue the search with the others. They found the family the next morning, on 18 October. They had tracked them north for to Maruwa, a waterhole near Lake Mackay.

On first seeing Toll, a white man, Warlimpirrnga remembers, "I couldn't believe it. I thought he was a devil, a bad spirit. He was the colour of clouds at sunrise." Yalti thought the white man was a spirit sent to punish her for something she had done wrong. The family were very scared. They tried to run and hide from the trackers. Warlimpirrnga tried to attack them, but Freddy West was able to calm him by showing him how they were related. The trackers gave the family jam from a tin and pieces of chocolate to eat. They convinced the family to come with them to Kiwirrkurra. They told them that there was lots of food and that water came out of pipes. Yalti said that this concept was unbelievable to them.

When they got to Kiwirrkurra, the family saw their relatives again for the first time in over 20 years. They were angry at them for leaving them behind and not coming to find them. When they saw Topsy, her brother and sister were so angry that they hit her. After a few days, Takariya was married off to Freddy West. It was a gesture between the two groups.

The meaning of the event was understood in many different ways. Agencies serving Aboriginals thought the group's discovery would help them in the debate about indigenous land rights. Fred Myers, an anthropologist who was invited to Kiwirrkurra to study the new group, argues that the event became a part of the Pintupi's struggle to get back their autonomy, which they had lost when they first came out of the desert to settle at Papunya. He argues that their main goal was to maintain the new people's ability to govern their own lives.

Before news of the group's discovery spread, the leaders of Kiwirrkurra worked to protect the privacy of the family members. They also wanted to protect them from the same kind of shame or teasing they had experienced themselves coming out of the desert many years before.

One of the first people to be told about the event was the Aboriginal Affairs minister, Clyde Holding. His department wanted to use the group's story in the campaign for Aboriginal land rights. Holding gave the story to "The Herald", a newspaper from Melbourne. In exchange, the newspaper agreed not to tell anyone where the group was. The story was first reported on the newspaper's front page on 24 October, with the headline claiming it had "found the lost tribe". The news caused a sensation, and instantly made headlines across the country. They became popularly known as the "Pintupi Nine" or the "Last Nomads". The family themselves, however, would not tell their own story until much later in life.

This publicity became a problem for Holding. The leaders at Kiwirrkurra were angry with him for giving the story to the press. The newspaper had published photographs of the family members without their permission. It had caused other reporters to try to enter their community to get information. They also did not agree with how the media was defining the event. The little information the press had been given had led to romanticised reports of a "first contact" or a "discovery". But from the Pintupi point of view, the family were relatives whom they knew and had a history with. As they saw it, the group had not been "discovered", but were just coming back together after being separated.

When they had first arrived, a doctor from Kintore had examined the family and decided they were strong, fit, and very healthly. But in a few days time, they all got sick. They did not have any natural immunity to diseases. Holding wanted a government team of medical specialists to treat them. But Kiwirrkurra's leaders would not let any other doctors look at the family. The only people who were allowed to treat them were the local "ngangkari" (medicine man) and the doctor at Kintore.

At this time, the Pintupi still blamed government doctors for the deaths of many of their people who had come in from the desert during the 1960s. These people had died from infection and disease, and Holding was trying to avoid this happening again. By early November, serious concerns about the survival of the family were being raised. The secretary of the department of Aboriginal Affairs, Charles Perkins, strongly criticised the Kiwirrkurra leaders for violating the family's civil rights. He said that if they did not get the proper medical care, all nine of them would die within two months.

The doctor at Kintore thought that it was the Pintupi's responsibility to decide what was best for their own. They trusted him, and let him treat the family. All nine of the family members had caught coughs and a bacterial infection called treponema. The doctor treated them and gave them several immunisations. They eventually became healthy again.

The eldest brother, Piyiti, returned to the desert in 1986. He left in secret and covered his tracks so nobody could follow him. It is not clear why he left, or whether anyone knows why. One local claimed it was because he had heard stories about Pintupi people dying from diseases, and was afraid it would happen to him. McMahon thinks it was because he found it hard to adapt (adjust) to things—particularly conflict, since he had lived all his life with his family. There are different theories about what happened to Piyiti. Some people think he is still living in the desert. Warlimpirrnga, in an interview in 2004, claimed to have seen Piyiti in Alice Springs, and said he now calls himself "Yari Yari".

The others stayed at Kiwirrkura for many years. In 1998, Papalya died from kidney failure. She was probably almost 70 when she died, and was buried in Kiwirrkura. Nanu died in March 2001, also close to 70 years old. Because of a major flood at Kiwirrkura at the time, she was buried in Kintore.

The six remaining members became painters of the Papunya Tula school. The three brothers—Warlimpirrnga, Tamayinya (now known as Thomas) and Walala—now live mostly in Alice Springs. Their paintings have often sold for several thousands of dollars. Warlimpirrnga, particularly, is one of the most well-known artists of the Western Desert style. He has paintings in several national art galleries across the country. He and Yalti have three children. Except for Thomas, they are all married with children. Takariya separated from Freddy West and remarried. Yalti, Yukultji and Takariya still live in Kiwirrkurra. All six of them still speak only Pintupi.

The family became the last group of people living a traditional hunter-gatherer lifestyle in Australia. They were the last Aboriginal people to make contact with modern civilisation.


Walala Tjapaltjarri

Walala Tjapaltjarri (born Walala Tjapangati) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. He is one of the most well-known artists of the Western Desert style.

Walala was born in the late 1960s or early 1970s. He was born at Marua, near Lake Mackay. He grew up living a nomadic, traditional way of life in the desert. His family had never come into contact with modern, Euro-Australian society. He had never seen a white person, and his family always thought the aeroplanes they saw flying overhead were ghosts or spirits. Before Walala was born, his father Lanti had lived for a short time at the mission in Balgo. But he had run away after getting into trouble for stealing food. It was his decision to stay in the desert, and kept his family far away from the towns. Walala's mother was named Watjunka, and he was Watjunka's only child. He also had two other mothers, Papunya and Nanu, who were his father's secondary wives (and his mother's sisters). His father and Watjunka both died when he was young. The family finally came into contact with outsiders in October 1984, and were settled at Kiwirrkurra. He and his family became known as the last Aborigines living a traditional nomadic way of life in Australia.

He is now married with two children, and lives between Kiwirrkura, Alice Springs, and Yuendumu, where his wife is from. He paints at Hoppy's Camp, outside Alice Springs.

Walala began painting in December 1987, a few years after settling at Kiwirrkurra. He was introduced to painting by his cousin Warlimpirrnga. He taught Walala about using paints and canvas. Walala joined the Papunya Tula artists, and he, Thomas and Warlimpirrnga eventually gained fame internationally as the Tjapaltjarri Brothers. Although he normally paints using "Tjapaltjarri" as a surname, Walala's skin name is "Tjapangati".

His paintings depict scenes from the Tingari cycle (sacred and secret songs about the ancestors of the Pintupi). He uses only four colours at most, sticking to earthy, ochre colours to reflect the desert landscape. The places he depicts in his paintings are part of his traditional country, including Marruwa, Mintarnpi, Wanapatangu, Mina Mina, Naami, Yarrawangu and Wilkinkarra (Lake Mackay). These were places where the ancestors stopped for ceremonies when travelling across the country.

Walala uses acrylic paintings on canvas. His early work was in the flowing "dot" style of painting typical of the Papunya Tula artists. His style became different during the late 1990s, and began to paint rigid rectangles, replacing dotted lines with thick, solid lines.

His first exhibition was in 1997, for the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award in Darwin. Most of his work is shown in exhibitions alongside the works of other Aboriginal artists. He has paintings in permanent collections in Australia, Europe and the United States. Walala paints the most out of the three Tjapaltjarri brothers. When painting regularly, he earns up to AU$2000 a day. His paintings often sell for many thousands of dollars.

Thomas Tjapaltjarri

Thomas Tjapaltjarri (born Tamayinya Tjapangati, also often known as Tamlik) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. He and his brothers Warlimpirrnga and Walala have become well-known as the Tjapaltjarri Brothers. Thomas and his family became known as the last group of Aborigines to come into contact with modern, European society. They came out of the desert in 1984, and became known as "the last nomads".

Thomas was born in the desert of Western Australia sometime in the 1960s. He and his family lived a traditional nomadic way of life on the western side of Lake Mackay. They had never come into contact with European society. Most other Pintupi families had been settled in remote towns to the east and west of their traditional country during the 1950s. Thomas' father, Lanti (or "Joshua"), had lived for a short time at the mission in Balgo, but he had run away after getting into trouble for stealing food. It was his decision to stay in the desert, and kept his family far away from the towns.

Thomas' mother was named Nanu. He also had two other mothers, Papunya and Watjunka, who were his father's secondary wives. He had two younger sisters, Yalti and Yukultji, a younger half-brother Walala, and four other "siblings" (cousins by blood relation). His father died sometime around 1980. The family finally came into contact with outsiders in October 1984, and were settled at Kiwirrkurra. The event was big news at the time, and the family became famously known as "the last nomads". Thomas was diagnosed with epilepsy shortly after this.

Thomas began painting in December 1987, a few years after settling at Kiwirrkurra. His cousin Warlimpirrnga had already made a name for himself as an artist and he encouraged Thomas to paint too. Thomas and Walala joined the Papunya Tula artists, and they and Warlimpirrnga eventually gained fame internationally as the Tjapaltjarri Brothers. Although he normally paints using "Tjapaltjarri" as a surname, Thomas' skin name is "Tjapangati".

His paintings depict stories from the Pintupi dreaming. They are mostly about places and events in the Tingari cycle (a cycle of myths about the ancestors of the Pintupi). His designs are inspired by those painted on the body during ceremonies. He uses acrylic paints on canvas, sticking to earthy colours (black, white and ochres). He paints simple shapes with dotted lines, which is a style that his brothers also use.

He has had paintings shown in many exhibitions around Australia, and also in Switzerland, Germany, France and the United States. His larger paintings sell for at least AU$6000 in Alice Springs and AU$9500 in galleries in Melbourne and Sydney.


Adenorhinos

Adenorhinos is a monotypic genus made for the venomous viper species, ""Adenorhinos barbouri"". It is a small and rare terrestrial (lives on the ground) snake found in the Uzungwe and Ukinga mountains in south-central Tanzania in Africa. There is currently no subspecies found.

The Adenorhinos is a small species of snake, growing up to the length of 40 cm (16 inches). It has a broad, triangular head, with short and rounded snouts. It is brown or blackish-brown in color, with dark rhombic blotches down the back and a green or olive green belly.

The Adenorhinos is found in bamboo areas of the Uzungwe and Ukinga mountains in south-central Tanzania in Africa. It is also found in moist forests.

The Adenorhinos barbouri is also known as the ""Uzungwe Viper"", the ""Barbour's Viper"", the ""Worm-eating Viper"", the ""Barbour's short-headed Viper"", the ""Udzungwa Viper"", the ""Short-headed Viper"", and the ""Uzungwe Mountain Bush Viper"".

The Uzungwe Viper eats slugs, earthworms, and frogs.

Megan Mullally

Megan Mullally (born November 12, 1958 in Los Angeles) is an American television performer and stage actress who won two Emmy Awards for her "Will & Grace" acting. She worked for theater in Chicago and has done many performances in multiple Broadway musicals. She also starred in many television programs besides "Will & Grace". She has been married to Nick Offerman since 2003.

Yukultji Napangati

Yukultji Napangati is an Australian Aboriginal artist. She is a painter of the Papunya Tula group of artists. She is part of a generation of female painters who followed in the footsteps of the original male Papunya Tula artists.

Yukultji grew up around Marruwa, a waterhole near Lake Mackay. She grew up without knowing about places like Kiwirrkurra, or her relatives living there. She had never met anyone from outside her own family. Her family lived a completely traditional nomadic way of life. Her father, Lanti (or "Joshua"), had lived for a short time at the mission in Balgo, but he had run away after getting into trouble for stealing food. It was his decision to stay in the desert, and kept his family far away from the towns. Yukultji's father died sometime around 1980. The family finally came into contact with outsiders in October 1984, and were settled at Kiwirrkurra. The event was big news at the time, and the family became famously known as "the last nomads". Yukultji was the youngest of this group.

Yukultji experienced major culture shock when first coming out of the desert. She often found new things difficult to understand. In an interview once, she remembers, "I hopped into a car and crouched down, and I saw the trees move. I was frightened. I was scared. I jumped right off because the trees were racing around the place."

Yukultji began painting in the early 1990s. Before this, she had watched her brothers painting and later decided to try it for herself. She paints stories and songs from her and her mother's dreaming. These stories are about her traditional country, around Marruwa, Ngaminya and Marrapinti.

Her paintings are shown in several public collections in Australia. Her work has been shown in over 80 exhibitions in Australia and overseas. She was a finalist in the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Awards, in 2006, 2009, 2010 and 2011. In 2012, Yukultji won the Alice Prize, an award for Australian artists in Alice Springs.


Yalti Napangati

Yalti Napangati (born around 1970) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. She is a painter of the Western Desert style of art, and paints for the Papunya Tula school. Her husband, Warlimpirrnga, is also a well-known artist. They were both members of the infamous Pintupi Nine, the last group of Aborigines living a traditional way of life in Australia.

Yalti was born in the Great Sandy Desert, sometime around 1970. She and her family lived as nomads in the desert, travelling along the western side of Lake Mackay. Most other Pintupi families had moved into settlements during the 1950s, but Yalti's father kept the family away from these. Her parents were Lanti (or "Joshua") and Nanu. She has an older brother, Tamayinya, and a younger sister, Yukultji. She married Warlimpirrnga sometime during the early 1980s, possibly when she was as young as 12. She and her family came out of the desert in 1984. She now lives at Kiwirrkurra, and has two sons and two daughters.

Yalti finished her first paintings for Papunya Tula in June 1996. She makes acrylic paintings of landscapes associated with Pintupi dreaming stories. Her paintings are of important places in her country, around Marruwa, Laurryi, Wirrulnga and Patjarr.

Gatwick Airport railway station

Gatwick Airport railway station is a station in the south of England for Gatwick Airport. Trains are currently run by Gatwick Express, First Great Western, Southern and Thameslink.

Megyn Price

Megyn Price (born March 24, 1971 in Seattle) is an American screen and television actress. She is known for her acting in the sitcoms "Grounded for Life" and "Rules of Engagement". She also performs in other TV shows.

Needham Market railway station

Needham Market railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Needham Market. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. Fast trains to London or Norwich do not stop here. Trains to Cambridge, Peterborough or Ipswich do stop here. 

Luritja

Luritja is the name of an Australian Aboriginal group of the Western Desert. They speak the Luritja dialect of Wati, the language of the Western Desert people. The dialect itself has several varieties. The Luritja lands include areas to the west and south of Alice Springs. The region is centred on Kings Canyon. Their neighbours are the Arrernte (east), the Warlpiri (north), the Pintupi (west), and the Pitjantjatjara (south).

In recent decades, many from this group have inter-married with Pintupi-speaking people. During the mid 20th-century, the Pintupi were forced to leave their lands and were settled into government-built stations. Papunya became a settlement for both Pintupi and Luritja. In the 1980s, many of these people moved back west to Kintore. Both communities now mainly speak a hybridised dialect known as Pintupi-Luritja.

The name "luritja" is thought to come from the Arrernte word "lurinya", which means "foreigner". Over time younger generations have taken on the name as their ethnonym. The total population of Luritja people (including those at Papunya) is probably in the thousands. This makes them the third largest of the Central Australian Aboriginal populations, behind the Arrernte and Pitjantjatjara.

Stowmarket railway station

Stowmarket railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Stowmarket. Trains are run by Greater Anglia to London, Norwich, Ipswich, Cambridge and Peterborough.

Kukatja

Kukatja is an ethno-linguistic group of the Western Desert people in central Australia. The people who speak the Kukatja language live in the Tanami and Great Sandy Deserts in Western Australia. Their lands are south of Halls Creek, around Balgo and Lake Gregory. They neighbour the Pintupi and Ngarti (east), the Yulparitja and Walmatjarri (west), and the Jaru (north). In the 1996 census, about 580 people spoke the language.

Sudbury railway station

Sudbury railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Sudbury. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Beccles railway station

Beccles railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Beccles. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia.

Brampton (Suffolk) railway station

Brampton railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for the village of Brampton. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Brandon railway station

Brandon railway station is a station in Norfolk, England for Brandon in Suffolk. The station is at the county boundary of Norfolk. Trains are run by Greater Anglia.

Bury St Edmunds railway station

Bury St Edmunds railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Bury St Edmunds. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

The following services currently call at Bury St Edmunds:


Darsham railway station

Darsham railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for the village of Darsham. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Derby Road railway station

Derby Road railway station is a station in Suffolk, England. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Elmswell railway station

Elmswell railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Elmswell. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Felixstowe railway station

Felixstowe railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Felixstowe. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Halesworth railway station

Halesworth railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Halesworth. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Volusia County, Florida

Volusia County is a county in the east-central part of the U.S. state of Florida. It is bordered by St. Johns River to the west and the south, with the Atlantic Ocean to the east. The county was founded on December 29, 1854. At the 2020 census, 553,543 people lived there. It is the sole county of the Deltona–Daytona Beach–Ormond Beach, FL Metropolitan Statistical Area. The county seat is DeLand, and the largest municipality is Deltona.

Lakenheath railway station

Lakenheath railway station is a station in Suffolk, England. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Lowestoft railway station

Lowestoft railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Lowestoft. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Melton railway station

Melton railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Melton. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Newmarket railway station

Newmarket railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Newmarket. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Oulton Broad North railway station

Oulton Broad North railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Oulton Broad. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Oulton Broad South railway station

Oulton Broad South railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Oulton Broad. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Saxmundham railway station

Saxmundham railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Saxmundham. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Somerleyton railway station

Somerleyton railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Somerleyton. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Thurston railway station

Thurston railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Thurston. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Trimley railway station

Trimley railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Trimley. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Wickham Market railway station

Wickham Market railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Wickham Market. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Woodbridge railway station

Woodbridge railway station is a station in Suffolk, England for Woodbridge. Trains are currently run by Greater Anglia. 

Harwich International railway station

Harwich International railway station is a station in Essex, England for Harwich International Port. Trains are currently run by Abellio Greater Anglia. 

East Coast (train company)

East Coast was a government-owned British train operating company. It ran high-speed passenger trains on the East Coast Main Line between London, Yorkshire, the North East and Scotland, being forced to take over after National Express East Coast defaulted on their franchise. It started operations on 14 November 2009. It ended operations on 28 February 2015. They had 45 locomotives and served 53 stations whilst operating 12 of them. The franchise was re-let to Virgin Trains East Coast, ending the period of government ownership, despite contributing a lot of money to the Treasury and calls for the government to retain the franchise.
East Coast paid back over £1 billion to the government over the course of its franchise, more than twice as much as rival Virgin Trains did in the same time period on the West Coast Main Line. However, it used relatively old trains and therefore had much lower leasing costs, as in 2012/13 Virgin paid £302 million for its fleet of trains, while East Coast paid £53 million.

East Coast’s successor, Virgin Trains East Coast pays much more money back to the government than East Coast did: £3.3 billion over 8 years, compared to East Coast’s £1 billion.

Pervasive developmental disorder

Pervasive developmental disorders (PDD) are a group of disorders. There are five disorders in the group. These disorders all slow down the rate a child learns to talk and listen to others, as well as cause other problems.

The five disorders are:

The first three of these disorders are also called autism spectrum disorders. The last two are not common.

A child's parents might begin to notice signs of PDD when the child is a baby, and it usually appears before the child is three years old.

It is now possible to recognise many of these defects before birth. That is very important, because in time many defects will be curable "in utero". We are moving into an era when
the genetic code of babies may be tweaked in utero. See Nobel Prize awards since 2000 for some clues about this. 

Rita Moreno

Rita Moreno (born December 11, 1931) is a Puerto Rican dancer, singer and actress. She is one of the few performers who have won an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar, a Golden Globe, and a Tony Award (an EGOT +Globe). In 2014 she was honored with a Screen Actors Guild Award for lifetime achievement. In 2019, she was honored with a career achievement Peabody award. 

Moreno had an eight-year-long affair with actor Marlon Brando when he was young. She also dated Elvis Presley.

On June 18, 1965, Moreno married Leonard Gordon. Gordon was a cardiologist and also her manager. He died on June 30, 2010.


First Hull Trains

Hull Trains is a open-access operator running four trains on their single line from London King's Cross to Hull Paragon railway station. The company is made up of First Group (80%) and Renaissance Trains (20%).

TransPennine Express

TransPennine Express is a British train operating company. it is fully owned by First Group. It runs regular passenger trains in northern England, including trains linking the west and east coasts across the Pennines. TransPennine Express runs three routes which provide rail links for large cities like Edinburgh, Glasgow, Liverpool, Sheffield, Leeds, York and Newcastle. All three routes stop at Manchester Piccadilly and Manchester Airport.

Electroconvulsive therapy

Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), also called electroshock, is a psychiatric treatment in which seizures are caused by electricity in unconscious patients to treat illness.

The process is completed by placing electrodes on the sides of the patient's head (on either both or just one side) and sending a small electric current through the brain. This lasts for about half a second.
The patient is also made unconscious before the treatment for safety reasons. The therapy without informed consent is medical abuse and Article 18 of the Yogyakarta Principles prohibit to "care" any sexual orientation and gender identity though any therapy including this. 


Southeastern (train company 2006–2021)

London & South Eastern Railway Limited, trading as Southeastern was a train operating company in southeast England.

On 1 April 2006, it became the franchisee for the new Integrated Kent Franchise (IKF), overtaking the publicly owned South Eastern Trains. It served the commuter routes to south-east London, most of Kent, and parts of East Sussex.

From 2012, Thameslink have taken over various routes including the Catford Loop and Sevenoaks to Blackfriars services.

Its services was stopped on 16 October 2021 because the company kept £25 million that should have been returned to Department for Transport.

Iowa Supreme Court

The Iowa Supreme Court is the state supreme court and the highest court in the U.S. state of Iowa. The Court has seven judges called "justices" on it: a Chief Justice and six Associate Justices. The Court normally meets in Des Moines in the Iowa Judicial Branch Building.

In 1846, Iowa was the 29th state to join the United States. Iowa's government is similar to the federal government of the United States. The government of Iowa has three branches: the legislative branch (the Iowa General Assembly), the executive branch (the Governor of Iowa), and the judicial branch (the Iowa Supreme Court). 

The Iowa Supreme Court is an appellate court. An appellate court does not have trials, but reviews the decisions of other state courts. The Court does many things:

Justices are appointed – chosen – by the governor from a list of three people chosen by the State Judicial Nominating Commission. A new justice serves a one-year term after appointment and until January 1 after the next judicial retention election. After the election, a justice serves an eight-year term. At the end of a justice's term, there is a retention election – an election to decide if the justice gets another term. A justice must retire at the age of 72. The justices elect the chief justice. 

The Chief Justice and two other justices, were not elected in the November 2, 2010 retention election. Governor Branstad appointed Edward Mansfield, Thomas D. Waterman, and Bruce Zager to replace them in February 2011. While waiting for the new justices, the Court chose Justice Cady as the new Chief Justice. In March 2011, the new Court voted for Justice Cady to stay as Chief Justice. There will be a retention election for the new justices in November 2012.


Merseyrail

Merseyrail is a British train operating company owned by Serco-Abellio and overseen by Merseytravel. They provides passenger rail services across Merseyside. They run 59 trains serving 67 stations. 

Northern Rail (Serco-Abellio)

Northern Rail was a British train operating company. It ran local passenger services in Northern England from December 2004 to March 2016. Northern Rail's owner was Serco and Abellio. It ran 287 trains to 529 stations. 

In 2016, Serco and Abellio lost the franchise to Arriva, who promised to buy new trains.

Stansted Express

Stansted Express is a sub-brand of Greater Anglia. It is the direct train service linking central London (Liverpool Street station) to Stansted Airport, one of London's major airports. Before February 2012, Stansted Express was operated by National Express East Anglia. Until 2004 Stansted Express was part of the WAGN franchise.

Nicole Sullivan

Nicole Julianne Sullivan (born April 21, 1970 in Manhattan, New York) is an American actress and comedian. She is best known for doing sitcoms. She acted in the sketch comedy "MADtv" (1995 to 2001) and the CBS sitcom "The King of Queens". 

Lupe Ontiveros

Lupe Ontiveros (September 17, 1942 - July 26, 2012) was an Mexican-American movie and television actress. Ontiveros acted in a lot of movies and television series. She usually took the role of a maid or a grandmother. Ontiveros has told interviewers that she has played a maid at least 150 times on stage and in movies. She was nominated for an Emmy Award for her role on "Desperate Housewives". She also was given positive reviews for her role in "Chuck and Buck". She won the National Board of Review award for Best Supporting Actress. She was also nominated for an Independent Spirit Award. Ontiveros took the role as Yolanda Saldivar in the 1997 biographical movie "Selena".

Ontiveros was born Guadalupe Moreno in El Paso, Texas, to Mexican immigrant parents.
Ontiveros and her husband, Elías, have three sons. Elías and their sons live in Pico Rivera, California. Lupe Ontiveros died on July 26, 2012. She died of liver cancer. She was 69 years old.

Kōhei Uchimura

Kohei Uchimura has won the world championships in gymnastics for three years — 2009, 2010 and 2011.

Uchimura was part of a team which won the team silver medal in gymnastics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

He also won the gold medal in the Olympic men’s all-around event in gymnastics.



Edward James Olmos

Edward James Olmos (born February 24, 1947) is an American actor and movie director. He is best known for his roles in "Battlestar Galactica", "Miami Vice", "Stand and Deliver", "Selena", "Blade Runner" and "Zoot Suit". In 1988, Olmos was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for the movie "Stand and Deliever".

In 1971, Olmos married Katija Keel. She is the daughter of actor Howard Keel. They had two children but divorced in 1992 and later married actress Lorraine Bracco in 1994. However, they filed for divorce in January 2002. He has four adopted children. In the same year of 1994, he married Puerto Rican actress Lymari Nadal. 

In 1996, he was awarded the Doctorate of Fine Arts from California State University. In his honor, Asteroid 5608 Olmos was named after him.

Chris Matthews

Christopher John Matthews (born December 17, 1945) is an American news anchor and political commentator. He is known for as the host of his talk show "Hardball with Chris Matthews" on MSNBC. On weekends he hosted the syndicated ABC News program "The Chris Matthews Show".

Matthews went to La Salle College High School. Matthews served in the United States Peace Corps in Swaziland from 1968 to 1970 as a trade development adviser.

Matthews worked with Tip O'Neill, the Speaker of the House. O'Neill, a Democrat, was a political rival of VHS Republican president Ronald Reagan, but the two remained friends, saying that after 6:00 the two could go out for a drink together. Matthews wrote a book about their relationship. The last episode of "The Chris Matthews Show" was shown on July 21 2013. After he wrote a best selling book about politics called Hardball, Matthews joined MSNBC and hosted a show of the same name. Matthews is a moderate Democrat who has supported Republicans before and said that he is "more conservative than people think I am." However, Matthews has been a long time supporter of Barack Obama. In 2004, following a speech by Obama, Matthews said he had "seen the first black president," a prediction which came true four years later. Matthews once stated that Obama gave him a "thrill up his leg." This quote was widely mocked by many people. He has also been critical of Hillary Clinton, and has said that she got her office by her husband's fame and not on her own ability. As of 2015, Matthews hosts "Hardball with Chris Matthews" on the MSNBC cable channel at 5:00PM on weekdays. He is also a political commentator that appears on other shows. Matthews is married to his wife of thirty five years, Kathleen, a businesswoman who is an executive at Marriott. He is a Roman Catholic.

Al Sharpton

Alfred Charles "Al" Sharpton Jr. (born October 3, 1954 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American Baptist minister, civil rights activist and television talk show host. He was a candidate for the Democrat nomination for the United States presidential election, 2004. He makes regular guest appearances on Fox News, MSNBC and CNN. In 2011, he was named the host of MSNBC's PoliticsNation, a talk show.

Chuck Grassley

Charles Ernest "Chuck" Grassley (born September 17, 1933) is the senior U.S. Senator from Iowa. He was the 91st Senate President pro tempore from 2019 until 2021. He has been Senator since 1981. He was also in the United States House of Representatives from 1975 to 1981. Before that he was in the Iowa state legislature from 1959 to 1974.

In January 2019, Grassley became the most senior Republican serving in the United States Senate due to the retirement of Orrin Hatch and the resignation of Thad Cochran. After the Republicans kept control of the Senate in the 2018 elections, Grassley became the 91st Senate President pro tempore.

In January 2021, when Republicans lost control of the U.S. Senate, Patrick Leahy became President pro tempore while Grassley became "President pro tempore emeritus".

On November 17, 2020, Grassley announced that he had tested positive for COVID-19.

In January 2023, withy Patrick Leahy's retirement, Grassley became the Dean of the United States Senate.

Grassley is also known for his widely reported "feud" with the History channel. He has accused the network multiples times of having little actual history programming.

Grassley's net worth was more than $7.5 million as of 2018.

Khojaly massacre

The Khojaly Massacre was the murder of hundreds of ethnic Azerbaijani civilians from the town of Khojaly in Azerbaijan on 25–26 February 1992 by the Armenian armed forces with the help of Russian armed forces during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.
613 people were killed, including 424 men, 106 women and 83 children. The massacre was the largest massacre of the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict.


Kosuke Hagino

He won a bronze medal in the Men's 400m individual medley at the 2012 Summer Olympics. His time of 4:10.01 was an Asian record.

Conrad Burns

Conrad Burns (January 25, 1935 – April 28, 2016) was a former United States Senator from the state of Montana. He was a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was the longest serving Republican Senator in the history of Montana. He was born near Gallatin, Missouri.

Burns died at his home in Billings, Montana on April 28, 2016 from complications of a stroke, aged 81.

Pat Boone

Charles Eugene "Pat" Boone (born June 1, 1934 in Jacksonville, Florida) is an American singer, writer and actor. He was a very successful pop musician in the 1950s and 1960s. His many hits were covers of black R&B musicians' songs. At that time black musicians were not played on white radio stations. His daughter Debby is also a singer.

According to "Billboard", Boone was the second biggest charting artist of the late 1950s, behind only Elvis Presley. He is a member of the Gospel Music Hall of Fame.

Boone hosted a half-hour ABC variety television series. There were 115 episodes from 1957 to 1960. Many musical performers, including Edie Adams, Andy Williams, Pearl Bailey and Johnny Mathis were on the show.

Hiroaki Hiraoka

He won a silver medal at the 2009 World Judo Championships and bronze medal at the 2010 World Judo Championships.

Hiroka won the silver medal in 2012 Summer Olympics at London, in the men's under 60 kg extra-lightweight judo.


Ben Nelson

Earl Benjamin "Ben" Nelson (born May 17, 1941) is a former U.S. Senator from Nebraska and member of United States Democratic Party. Before that he was 37th Governor of Nebraska. He was born in McCook, Nebraska.

Tom Harkin

Tom Harkin (born November 19, 1939) is a retired American politician for the Democratic Party. From 1985 to 2015, he served as a junior Senator in Iowa. He also served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1975 to 1985.

Harkin ran for the Democratic nomination for President in 1992, losing to then-Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton.

In 2013 Harkin said he would retire from the Senate after completing his fifth term in 2015.

Chuck Hagel

Chuck Hagel ( ; born October 4, 1946) was the 24th Secretary of Defense and the former U.S. Senator from Nebraska. He is a member of the United States Republican Party. He has criticized the Bush Administration on many things, such as the Iraq War.

In October 2014, speaking at a meeting of defense ministers in Peru, Hagel highlighted a report’s findings of the global security threats of climate change and global warming; stating “The loss of glaciers will strain water supplies in several areas of our hemisphere,” and “Destruction and devastation from hurricanes can sow the seeds for instability. Droughts and crop failures can leave millions of people without any lifeline, and trigger waves of mass migration.”

He was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 26, 2012 to become Secretary of Defense during Barack Obama's second term replacing Leon Panetta.

On November 24, 2014, it was announced that Hagel would resign the position of Secretary of Defense due to job stress and decisions on ISIS/ISIL.

Nancy Travis

Nancy Travis (born September 21, 1961 in New York City) is a television and movie actress. She is known for her roles in many movies, especially in "Three Men and a Baby" and its sequel "Three Men and a Little Lady". She has also been in many television sitcoms.

Travis was born in New York City, the daughter of Theresa, a social worker, and Gordon Travis, a sales executive. Travis was raised in Boston, Massachusetts, and Baltimore, Maryland.

Naughty by Nature

Naughty by Nature are a Grammy winning rap trio from New Jersey. They formed in 1988, and their songs include "O.P.P." from 1991 (on their own self titled album). Other hit songs by the rap group followed over the years.

Quai Branly Museum

The Quai Branly Museum, known in French as the Musée du quai Branly – Jacques Chirac (), is a museum in Paris. It displays art and culture from indigenous civilisations of Africa, America, Asia and Oceania. Quai Branly opened on 23 June 2006. It holds the collections of the old Musée national des Arts d'Afrique et d'Océanie, which is now closed. It contains 267,000 objects in its permanent collection. Of these, 3500 items are on display.


Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri

Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri (; born late 1950s) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. He is one of Australia's most well-known indigenous artists.

Warlimpirrnga was born in the late 1950s. He was born near Lake Mackay, east of where Kiwirrkurra is today. He and his family lived a traditional nomadic way of life on the western side of Lake Mackay. They had never come into contact with European society. Warlimpirrnga's father died when he was a young boy. His mother remarried shortly after. Warlimpirrnga himself married his cousin, Yalti, sometime around 1980. He was a hunter, the family's main provider of food. He hunted with spears, mirru (spear-throwers) and boomerangs.

In 1984, when he was about 25, he finally came into contact people from outside his family. When he saw a white man for the first time, Warlimpirrnga remembers, "I couldn't believe it. I thought he was a devil, a bad spirit. He was the colour of clouds at sunrise." He and his family were settled at Kiwirrkurra. News of this group living nomadically so far into the modern world made headlines internationally.

Warlimpirrnga started painting in 1987. He did paintings for Papunya Tula. He was taught by the other artists at the company. He finished his first painting for them in April 1987. His first public exhibition was in Melbourne, in 1988. It showed eleven of his paintings. The entire collection was bought for the National Gallery of Victoria. He has since become one of central Australia's most well-known artists.

Warlimpirrnga paints abstract images of sacred dreaming stories and songs. The stories focus around the Tingari, the ancestors of the Pintupi, spirit beings who are believed to have created all living things. His stories are about his country and sacred sites like Marruwa and Kanapilya.

His work is held in public collections across Australia, such as in the National Gallery in Canberra, the Art Gallery of New South Wales, and the National Gallery of Victoria. He also has work in galleries overseas, such as the Quai Branly Museum in Paris. In 2012, his work was shown as part of the documenta exhibition in Kassel, Germany. As of 2008, the most one of his paintings has sold for is AU$85,000.


Pintupi

Pintupi is an Australian Aboriginal group who are part of the Western Desert cultural group. Their homeland is in the area west of Lake MacDonald and Lake Mackay in Western Australia. This is a very remote part of Australian desert. Because of this, the Pintupi were among the last Aboriginals in Australia to leave their traditional way of life. Most of the Pintupi were displaced (forced to leave) their homeland in the middle the 20th century, because of sti testing being done at Woomera. They were moved into settlements to the east and west of their country, such as Papunya, Balgo, Haasts Bluff and even as far away as Hermannsburg. They ended up scattered into different communities. Within a few years, several hundreds of Pintupi had died from foreign disease and infection. Others had problems with alcoholism and violence – having lived in small groups for most of their lives, they found it hard to deal with conflict.

During the 1960s, the assimilationist policies of the Menzies government had a major effect on the mentality of many Pintupi. Part of the policy led to hundreds of Pintupi children being taken away from their parents and put into missions or foster care (this is now known as the Stolen Generation). 

Beginning in the 1970s, there was a strong push within the Pintupi community at Papunya to return to their historical lands. They moved back west in 1981 to set up Kintore ("Waḻungurru"). Further west, Kiwirrkurra was founded in 1983, close to Lake Mackay.

The Pintupi have a complex kinship system, with eight different skin groups. Males and females have different prefixes ("Tj" for males, "N" for females). These names define kinship relationships. They dictate who can marry whom. Although they may be used as terms of address, they are not surnames in the sense used by Europeans.


Brickworks (traditional)

A brick factory or brickworks is a factory for making bricks from mud by humans. There is no modern equipment in traditional style brickmaking.

The oldest discovered bricks were originally made from shaped mud and dating to before 7500 B.C. They were found at Tell Aswad, and then later in the upper Tigris region and in southeast Anatolia close to Diyarbakir. Other more recent findings, dated between 7,000 and 6,395 B.C., come from Jericho and Catal Hüyük. In the ancient Indus Valley city of Mehrgarh, mud bricks have been found dating to 7000 BCE. (Kenoyer 2005) Ceramic bricks were used as early as 4500 BCE in early Indus Valley cities.

Most brickworks have some or all of the following:

In a traditional brickworks, clay is taken from the quarry, and then carried by workers to the yard After the forming or cutting, the bricks must be dried, in the open air, in drying sheds, When the bricks have been dried, they must then be fired or 'burnt' in a kiln, to give them their final hardness and appearance.
There are about 300 traditional brick factories in the suburb of Tehran but most of them closed. Use of the Traditional brick-baking furnace or manually or pressure brick factory is very old in Persia. Persian's most famous ancient brick arch of Anushirvan or Al-Mada'in currently in Iraq. Bricks by hand (pressure) is seven thousand years old, Tehran capital of 220 years, with older homes and historic traditional identity both modern and traditional building are made of traditional bricks. Now, after thousands of years, this custom is coming to an end. Only a few factories are still functioning. Modern factories and modern styles of bricks has substituted the hand bricks.

Traditional brick ovens are baking all over Iran, but the largest organizations manually brick kilns in the past two hundred years has always been around Tehran. Other cities with this kind of factory are Isfahan, Yazd, Ahvaz and Gonabad.

A brick is a block, or a single unit of a ceramic material used in masonry construction, usually stacked together, or laid using various kinds of mortar to hold the bricks together and make a permanent structure. Bricks are typically produced in common or standard sizes in bulk quantities. They have been regarded as one of the longest lasting and strongest building materials used throughout history.

"Bricks" for building may be made from mud. Normally, brick contains the following ingredients:


In modern brickworks, this is usually done in a continuously fired tunnel kiln, in which the bricks move slowly through the kiln on conveyors, rails, or kiln cars to achieve consistency for all bricks. The bricks often have added lime, ash, and organic matter to speed the burning.

In India, brick making is typically a manual process. The most common type of brick kiln in use there are Bull's Trench Kiln (BTK), based on a design developed by British engineer W. Bull in the late 19th century.

An oval or circular trench, 6–9 meters wide, 2-2.5 meters deep, and 100–150 meters in circumference, is dug. A tall exhaust chimney is constructed in the centre. Half or more of the trench is filled with "green" (unfired) bricks which are stacked in an open lattice pattern to allow airflow. The lattice is capped with a roofing layer of finished brick.

In operation, new green bricks, along with roofing bricks, are stacked at one end of the brick pile. Cooled finished bricks are removed from the other end for transport. In the middle the brick workers create a firing zone by dropping fuel (coal, wood, oil, debris, and so on.) through access holes in the roof above the trench.





Hester Jonas

Hester Jonas (around 1570 in Monheim am Rhein – December 24, 1635 in Neuss) was a German midwife and cunning woman. She was executed for witchcraft and is known as the so called "Witch of Neuss".

Jonas married the miller Peter Meurer. They moved to Neuss. There she suffered severe epileptic seizures. She worked as a midwife and was familiar with herbalism, particularly mandrake.

In November 1635 (at the age of about 64 years), she was accused of witchcraft. She was arrested, examined and tortured. The mayor of Neuss accused her of having a deal with the devil. A few years back she already had the reputation of being a witch. In the wake of growing public rumours, the authorities were forced to do something. After hearings on November 15 and 22, Jonas denied the charges. On December 19 and 20 she was put on a chair spiked with sharp nails for three hours.

After her torture she confessed falsely. She confessed to having sexual intercourse with a black man named "Hans Beelzebub". She confessed to damaging humans and animals by black magic. On the same night she escaped, but was captured again in a short time. Jonas then said her confession wasn't true, but her resistance was broken after a violent whipping the next day. She again confessed to all charges and the court sentenced her to death by beheading. On December 24 she was beheaded by an executioner. Her body was burnt and the ashes blew away in the wind.

The transcripts are still available in the city archive of Neuss.



Papunya Tula

Papunya Tula Artists is a co-operative of Aboriginal Australian artists. It is owned and run by Aboriginal people of the Western Desert. It is famous for its development of the Western Desert art movement – widely referred to as "dot painting" – and is often credited with bringing Aboriginal art to the world's attention. The original group of artists started painting in the town of Papunya, but today the company is based in Alice Springs.

The origins of the company go back to 1971. Geoffrey Bardon, the school teacher at Papunya, taught the children to paint a mural using the classical style of body and sand art. Historically, paintings and designs are made by Aborigines to depict stories and songs about the dreamtime. The co-operative was formed in 1972 by a group of men from Bardon's classes. They painted spiritual designs used in ceremonial art, but using modern instruments (like acrylic paints on canvas).

As this style of art started to become famous, many in the Aboriginal community criticised the artists for revealing too many secrets from their sacred legends. Aborigines of the Western Desert believe that the knowledge of these things is dangerous; usually, a person must be initiated first, and this only happens when they are deemed "ready" by their community. In response, the artists changed or removed all detailed images of sacred symbols. In all works since then, these images have been hidden or left out completely.

In the late 1970s, many of the people at Papunya left and moved back to their traditional lands. But the company continued to grow, and it centralised in Alice Springs. In 1987, the National Gallery of Victoria bought eleven paintings by Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri. As popularity of this style of art continued to grow, so did their value. In 2007, a single painting by Clifford Possum Tjapaltjarri set a record at auction for Aboriginal art. It was bought for £1.03 million, more than twice as much as the previous record-holder.

The first artists, including all of the company's founders, were men. In the early years, the men didn't like women painting. However, there was also a strong desire amongst many of the women to participate. In the 1990s large numbers of them began to create paintings.


CIS

CIS or Cis may refer to:

Ham Tae-yeong

Ham Tae-yeong (1872-1964) was a Korean politician and independence activist. He was the 3rd Vice President of South Korea, from 1952 to 1956.

Hippocamp

The hippocamp (also: hippocampe, hippokamp, or hippocampus, pl: hippocampi or hippokampoi) is a sea monster in Greek mythology. The creature has a horse's body and a fish's tail. It was not commonly pictured in Classical Greek art but when it is, it is sometimes ridden by the sea god Nereus or sea nymphs. The hippocamp plays no part in any known mythological tale. The ancients believed it was the adult form of the seahorse. It draws the chariot of Poseidon and other sea divinities in the works of ancient writers and artists.

Stronghold 2

Stronghold 2 is a real-time strategy computer game. It was released by Firefly Studios in April 2005.

In the game, players play as a leader of a medieval castle. They must administer the castle in a good way in order to gain experience points. With his available energy, he should develop his food production, industry, civil, or military buildings and defenses. Military units are directly controlled individually or in groups. There are some semi-independent villages, which can be bought with experience points, and will contribute to the player's available energy.

Different play modes are possible, such as Kingmaker, Siege, War Campaign, Peace Campaign, Freeplay, Custom scenario, and Multiplayer.

Stronghold 2 is set within the Middle Ages. The player plays as Sir Matthew Steele, a page for Sir William. The main storyline begins with Barclay, who wants to become the king of the no-king castle. Sir William is the player's closest ally, King who believes him to be a traitor disgraced him, because he mistakenly sieges Lady Seren’s castle, helps a tyrant escape, and accidentally poisons the King. Sir Grey is an elderly man, whose useful life is nearing end, but he still builds small but powerful castles with tall towers and thick walls. Lady Seren originally appears as an enemy, however, Sir Steele learns that she is in fact an ally, and Sir William mistook her for a witch. Sir Edwin is the weakest enemy, he lacks confidence but he is not as pathetic. Olaf Grimtooth is the Viking warlord. Pascal Devereux, better known as "The Hawk" is Sir William's evil brother. His castles are usually built from stone and feature large, powerful gatehouses, so he’s the most difficult enemy. And your mission is to beat them one by one.

You are the page of Sir William. Sir William was captured by Lord Barclay but you helped him to managed escape. Afterwards, Sir William and you ride to a nearby boathouse. Then Sir William will guide you how to develop your economically, and Constable Briggs will guide you how to fight with enemy. At this moment, Olaf Grimtooth led his army to the lands as an aggression, then you beat Olaf, William takes you to lady Seren. Then you have to protect the Edwin, he gives you some land. When you arrive in the country's borderlands, you will see that there are many problems there, and then you should solve the problems one by one. At last, you kill Olaf, then you have to make a choice: Follow The Hawk and The Hammer, or The Lamb and The King.

This story begins with a small and poor castle, and your mission is to rebuild this castle. You should build some wells for the fire, get more food and put out the wolves. Finally, you need to get lots of food in your kitchen for the King’s banquet.

A map editor is provided, which players can use to create new maps. These maps can be shared online.

The game received "mixed or average reviews," according to Metacritic. Metacritic gave the game an average score of 63. All other scores were averaged or negative, but few positive scores. PC Gamer gave the game 84%, and Eurogamer gave it 7/10, being generally favorable.

On January 4, 2007, a single player demo was released, including three missions. The demo solved many bugs.

Takariya Napaltjarri

Takariya Napaltjarri (born early 1960s) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. She paints for the Papunya Tula artists' co-operative.

Takariya was born in the 1960s near Lake Mackay, in Western Australia. The exact year is not known. She grew up living a traditional, nomadic way of life in the desert. Takariya's mother was named Papalya and her father was named Waku. Her father died not long after she was born. She had an older sister, Topsy, and an older brother, Warlimpirrnga.

Takariya's family lived in isolation in the desert. They had never come into contact with Euro-Australian society. Most of their relatives had been settled into towns on the edges of the desert. The group's leader, Lanti, had decided that they would stay living in the desert. Takariya and her family finally came into contact with some of their relatives in 1984. They were settled at Kiwirrkurra, on the south edge of Lake Mackay. The event was big news at the time, and the family became famously known as "the last nomads". Takariya was in her mid- to late-20s at the time.

Shortly after her family arrived at Kiwirrkurra, Takariya was married to Freddy West Tjakamarra. This was a gesture between the family and the village. They later separated. A few years later, Takariya married another man, named Richard Tjakamarra.

Takariya began painting for the Papunya Tula co-operative in June 1996. Later in the year, she had her first exhibition. It was a group exhibition called "Papunya Women", shown at Utopia Art Gallery in Sydney. In 1997, her work was included in the "Bulada" exhibition at the Art Gallery of New South Wales. She has also painted for Warlayirti Artists at Balgo, where her husband's family lives. Works by Takariya are held in the Art Gallery of New Wales, as well as in collections overseas.

Her paintings are of sacred dreaming stories and songs. They are mostly about the Tingari (the ancestors of the Pintupi). Takariya paints her and her mother's dreaming country. This includes places like Marrapinti, Ngalpurrunya, Ngaminya, Karilwara, Wirrulnga and Marruwa – places that are sacred to her.

Glima

Glíma is an Old Norse word meaning glimpse or flash, and is 
the name of the Scandinavian martial arts system used by the Vikings 
over 1200 years ago.

Glima as a self-defence system contains throws, blows, kicks, chokes,
locks, and pain techniques, and is comparable with the best complete 
martial arts systems from around the world. Glima as self-defence was 
the foundation for the Viking warrior, and these techniques are still 
practiced in Scandinavia, Europe, North America and South America.

Glima as a sport is often called Viking wrestling and covers several types of Scandinavian folk wrestling: Lausatök, Brokartök and Hryggspenna. Lausatök (Loose-grip or Free-grip) is the most wide spread form of glima practiced in Norway. It is quite aggressive form of wrestling where the match the winner is considered the one who is standing up while the opponent is lying on the ground. Hryggspenna (Backhold) is a form of wrestling where the opponents take hold of each other's 
upper body with a grip around the back; whoever touches the ground with any part of the body except 
the feet has lost. Brokartök (Trouser-grip) the most widespread in Iceland and Sweden. In this type of Glima, the wrestlers hold each others trousers by the waistline, or by a special Brokartök glima belt, then attempts to trip and throw their opponent.

Christian priests regarded Glima as a pagan activity and tried to eliminate it when Scandinavia, became Christian. The people of Scandinavia however thought it good for physical and moral development and continued to practice the sport. Brokartök glima has been the national sport of Iceland for over 100 years. 


The Surgeon

""'The Ey is LOUIEdirected by Carl Schenkel. The plot involves a small boy who witnesses his brother being killed in surgery, and grows up to become a monster with a scalpel. The film stars Isabel Glasser, Peter Boyle, Malcolm McDowell and Charles Dance. Originally titled "Exquisite Tenderness", the film was released in Spain in 1995. Some of the footage was shot in Canada. It made about 10,000,000 in profit. It also came out in the United Kingdom and Germanylpuei.

Bohr model

In quantum mechanics, a branch of physics, the Bohr model is the model of the atom proposed by Niels Bohr. Bohr's model is useful only when discussing the behavior of a hydrogen atom. Bohr's model is extremely useful in describing the hydrogen emission spectrum.

The Bohr model says that the angular momentum of an electron within a hydrogen atom can only be integer multiples of a certain number.

Where "h" is Planck's constant, π is pi, and "n" is the multiples (1,2,3...). This formula says that an electron will only be found on the energy levels predicted by the formula, and not anywhere in between. This means that if an electron jumps from one energy level to the next, it will never be in between energy levels, but will instantaneously be transported from one level to the other.

Bohr's model is also useful because it explains the cause of light. Bohr agreed with classical theory that light has a wave-particle duality (meaning that it is made of both electromagnetic waves and particles called photons), but he said that light was given off when an electron in a hydrogen atom jumps from a higher energy level to a lower one. Basically, if an electron with "x" amount of energy goes to a lower state of energy and loses "y" energy, then a photon with energy "y" is emitted by the atom and either becomes light or some other form of radiation.


Matter wave

In quantum mechanics, a branch of physics, a matter wave is when you think of matter as a wave. The concept of matter waves was first introduced by Louis de Broglie. Matter waves are hard to visualize, because we are used to thinking of matter as a physical object. De Broglie revolutionized quantum mechanics by producing the equation for matter waves.

As experiments on light revealed that photons possessed both wavelike and particular properties, they were considered at the time to have a dual nature as both particles and waves. De Broglie showed that matter might exhibit such a 'wave-particle duality' as well. Basing his formula on earlier formulas, he arrived at the equation below. 

formula_1

Where λ is the wavelength of the object, "h" is Planck's constant, "m" is the mass of the object, and "v" is the velocity of the object. An alternate and also correct version of this formula is

formula_2

Where "p" is the momentum. (Momentum is equal to mass times velocity). These equations merely say that matter exhibits a particle-like nature in some circumstances, and a wave-like characteristic at other times. Erwin Schrödinger created an advanced equation based on this formula and the Bohr model, known as the Schrödinger equation.


Matt Hughes

Matthew Allen Hughes (born December 13, 1978 in Hillsboro, Illinois) is a retired American mixed martial artist. Hughes is a former two-time UFC Welterweight Champion and UFC Hall of Famer. He put together two separate six-fight winning streaks. He defeated all the available opposition in his weight class. He defeated six former UFC Champions. Hughes also was the coach for the reality shows "The Ultimate Fighter 2" and "The Ultimate Fighter 6". He was the host of "Trophy Hunters TV".

On June 16, 2017, Hughes was hospitalized with a serious head injury after a train struck the passenger side of his truck at a crossing near his home in Montgomery County, Illinois.






Niki Taylor

Niki Taylor (born March 5, 1975 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida) is an American model and was shown on multiple magazine covers, such as "Sports Illustrated". She is also associated with cosmetics, including but not limited to CoverGirl. In 2001, she was almost killed because of a car accident, but has continued to model in spite of that accident.

Female sexual arousal disorder

Female sexual arousal disorder is condition where a woman has a hard time getting aroused sexually. or to maintain this arousal, until after sexual intercourse.

Persistent, recurrent problems with sexual response or desire — that distress you or strain your relationship with your partner — are known medically as female sexual dysfunction.

Many women experience problems with sexual function at some point in their lives. Female sexual dysfunction can occur at all stages of life, and it may be ongoing or happen only once in a while.

You may experience more than one type of female sexual dysfunction. Types include:

Low sexual desire. You have diminished libido, or lack of sex drive.
Sexual arousal disorder. Your desire for sex might be intact, but you have difficulty or are unable to become aroused or maintain arousal during sexual activity.
Orgasmic disorder. You have persistent or recurrent difficulty in achieving orgasm after sufficient sexual arousal and ongoing stimulation.
Sexual pain disorder. You have pain associated with sexual stimulation or vaginal contact.

Masashi Ebinuma

In 2011, Ebunuma won the World Championship for his judo weight class.

Ebinuma won the bronze medal in the men’s 66 kg judo category during the 2012 Summer Olympics.


Topsy Napaltjarri

Topsy Gibson Napaltjarri is an Australian Aboriginal artist.

Topsy was born around 1950, in the Gibson Desert. She was born at Wirrulnga, a rockhole near what is now Kiwirrkurra, in Western Australia. She was the first child of Papalya and Waku. She grew up living in the desert, living a traditional hunter-gatherer way of life on the western side of Lake Mackay. Her family had no contact with the modern world and had never seen White people. When she was about 13, she married a man named Tommy Tjakamarra. She left her family and went with Tommy to go and live at Mount Doreen, northwest of Yuendumu. This was her first encounter with modern, Euro-Australian society. Her family was left behind in the desert and did not come out until 1984.

Topsy and Tommy lived at Papunya for a few years, but they later separated. Topsy remarried, to a man named Tony Tjakamarra, and she moved west with him to Balgo. They moved to Kiwirrkurra in 1984, not long after it was founded. She has two daughters, Yalamay (born 1973) and Lynette (born 1976), and one son.

Topsy began painting in 1996, with her sister Takariya. Her younger brother, Warlimpirrnga, had been painting since 1987 and was already famous as an artist. She was first represented by Warlayirti Artists, the art co-operative at Balgo.

Brett Butler

Brett Butler (born January 30, 1958) is an American actress and stand-up comedian. She is best known for playing Grace in the sitcom "Grace Under Fire". She has also done other television programs and comedy acts.

Butler published "Knee Deep in Paradise" in 1996. The book tells about her life before her successful television program.


Nicola Porpora

Nicola (Antonio) Porpora (or Niccolò Porpora) (17 August 1686 – 3 March 1768) was a composer and a very famous singing teacher from Italy. He composed more than 40 operas. He also composed cantatas, oratorios, sonatas for violin, and church music. Some of the famous people who studied singing and music with Porpora were the poet Pietro Metastasio, the composer Joseph Haydn, Princess Maria Antonia of Bavaria, and the castrato singers, Farinelli and Caffarelli.
Porpora was born in Naples. His father, Carlo Porpora, owned a book shop. When he was ten years old, Porpora began to study music at a famous music school in Naples called the . He studied there for ten years. He composed his first opera, "Agrippina", when he was 22 years old. It was about Agrippina the Younger, the mother of the Roman Emperor, Nero. "Agrippina" was first performed in 1708 at the Royal Palace in Naples.

At first, Porpora worked mostly in Naples, composing music and teaching singing. In 1726 he went to live in Venice where he taught singing and composed many operas. He lived in Venice for many years. During his life he also worked in Vienna, Dresden, and London. He went back to Naples to work two or three times. The last time was in 1758. He stayed in Naples for the rest of his life. He was a teacher at two music schools there, the and the . 

He wrote his last opera in 1760. It was called (Camilla's Triumph). It was performed at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples, but it was not a success. He retired from teaching in 1761. In the last years of his life, he had very little money. Porpora died in 1768. He was 81 years old. He is buried in the Church of Ecce Homo in Naples. Many singers and musicians performed at his funeral.

There are several modern recordings of Porpora's music, especially his sonatas for violin and his church music. There is also a recording of arias from six of his operas. They are performed by the soprano, Karina Gauvin and the orchestra, conducted by Alan Curtis.



Hermannsburg, Northern Territory

Hermannsburg is an Aboriginal community in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is about southwest of Alice Springs. It is known in the local Arrernte language as Ntaria.

In the 2006 census, Hermannsburg had a population of 559. It was established as a Lutheran mission in 1877 by two missionaries from Germany. They named their new mission after Hermannsburg in Germany where they had trained. The missionaries left in 1891, but people still lived at the settlement. The mission land was given over to traditional ownership in 1982.

The famous painter Albert Namatjira was born at Hermannsburg in 1902. He painted landscapes in Western-style watercolours. Painting in this style came to be known as the Hermannsburg School of painting.


Kiwirrkurra Community, Western Australia

Kiwirrkura (also spelled Kiwirrkurra) is a small community in Western Australia, near to Lake Mackay. It is 850 km west of Alice Springs. It has been said to be the most remote community in Australia. It was established by Pintupi people as an outstation in the early 1980s. It became a permanent settlement in 1983. It was one of the last areas with nomadic, hunter-gatherer Aboriginals; the last group were settled here in 1984.

The town was evacuated in March 2001 because of serious floods. The population (about 170 people) were first moved to Kintore, then to Alice Springs and then finally to the Goldfields of Western Australia, over south of Kiwirrkurra. At Alice Springs, the people drunk alcohol for the first time. This led to major conflicts and violence. The community moved back to Kiwirrkurra in late 2002. Though they had been evacuated and living in other places at the time, the Kiwirrkurra people gained native title over the area on 19 October 2001. The title covered of the land and waters around the town. 

Karl Rove

Karl "Ham" Rove (born December 25, 1950) is an American political consultant and a policy advisor. He was Deputy Chief of Staff under President George W. Bush. Rove is also a Fox News contributor and columnist for the "Wall Street Journal". Rove was born in Denver, Colorado.

Ann-Margret

Ann-Margret Olssen (born April 28, 1941 in Valsjobyn, Sweden, more often known as just Ann-Margret) is a television and movie actress. She has won five Golden Globe Awards for her many performances. Her movies include "The Cincinnati Kid" and "Carnal Knowledge".

From 1967 until his death in 2017, she was married to actor Roger Smith.

Annie Potts

Annie Potts (born October 28, 1952 in Nashville) is an American television, movie and voice actress. She starred in the two "Ghostbusters" movies and the first two "Toy Story" movies. She is best known for playing Mary in the CBS sitcom "Designing Women" and as Sheldon's MeeMaw in Young Sheldon. She was also in other movies.





La Vita Nuova

La Vita Nuova or Vita Nova (in English: "The New Life") is a book written by Dante Alighieri in 1295. It is an expression of the medieval courtly love and it is written in a "prosimetrum" style, a combination of both prose and verse. It tells the story of his love for Beatrice Portinari, who also served as the ultimate symbol of salvation in "The Divine Comedy".

Caribbean Netherlands

The Caribbean Netherlands () is the part of the Netherlands that is in the Caribbean. The rest of the country is in Europe. The Caribbean Netherlands is made up of three special municipalities ('): the islands of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba. They are also called the BES islands.

The Caribbean Netherlands does not include the other Dutch countries in the Caribbean (Aruba, Curaçao and Sint Maarten). Those are three of the four countries that make up the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The fourth country is the Netherlands proper. The islands of the Caribbean Netherlands are fully part of the Netherlands proper. They were made a part of the Netherlands when the Netherlands Antilles was dissolved (broken apart) on 10 October 2010.

Although the islands are now part of the Netherlands, they are not yet part of the European Union. They will instead remain overseas territories until at least 2015. They are different to other municipalities in the Netherlands. Unlike normal municipalities, they do not form part of a Dutch province.

Bonaire is located east of Aruba and Curaçao, close to the coast of Venezuela. Sint Eustatius and Saba are located south of Sint Maarten and northwest of Saint Kitts and Nevis. The BES islands have a total population of 21,000 and a total area of .


Isabella Rossellini

Isabella Fiorella Elettra Giovanna Rossellini (born 18 June 1952) is an Italian-American actress and writer. She has performed in many movies. She has written a lot of books. She is also a philanthropist.

Rossellini is the daughter of Swedish actress Ingrid Bergman and Italian movie director Roberto Rossellini.

Rossellini received a 1987 Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead for her role in "Blue Velvet". In 1997, she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Performance by an Actress in a Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for TV for her role in "Crime of the Century". She received an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series for her work on the television series "Chicago Hope". Also in 1997, Rossellini was awarded The George Eastman Award. In 1998, she received an Honourable Mention at the 48th Berlin International Film Festival for her role in the movie "Left Luggage".

Rossellini has dual United States and Italian citizenship.

She was married to Martin Scorsese from 1979 to 1982. After her marriage to Scorsese ended, she married Jon Wiedemann (1983–1986). He is a Harvard-educated model from Texas. Later, she dated David Lynch, Gary Oldman, and Gregory Mosher.

She has a daughter, Elettra Rossellini Wiedemann (born 1983), and an adopted son, Roberto (born 1992).



Alfa Romeo 146

The Alfa Romeo 146 is a car produced by Alfa Romeo. It replaced the Alfa Romeo 33 in 1995, and was replaced by the Alfa Romeo 147 in 2000.



Alfa Romeo 166

The Alfa Romeo 166 is a car produced by Alfa Romeo. It replaced the Alfa Romeo 164 in late 1998 and facelifted in 2003 with right hand drive production ending in 2005. It was produced until 2007 with no direct successor. 



Yoshiaki Oiwa

In the 2012 Olympics at London, he ranked first after dressage in the three-day eventing competition. He made history as the first Asian rider to lead any four-star three-day event after dressage. 



Bose Corporation

Bose Corporation is a company that makes speakers and audio products. It is based in Framingham, Massachusetts in the United States. Bose Corporation was founded by Dr. Amar Bose, a sound engineer.

Vocational Independence Program

Vocational Independence Program or VIP was one of only 10 postsecondary schools in the United States that is known by the U.S. Department of Education as a Comprehensive Transition and Postsecondary (CTP) program for students with an intellectual disability. In order to be accepted into the VIP program, students must be enrolled in the summer program and the interconnected program is for students 16 to 22 with special needs and provides job training and coursework in independent living, social and academic skills. Any student admitted to the VIP program must be at least 18 years of age. The IQ scores of these students are 70-143. The program was ended in June 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Kaori Matsumoto

She was born in Kanazawa, Ishikawa.

Matsumoto won the gold medal in the lightweight (57 kg) division at the 2010 World Judo Championships.

She won gold at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 57 kg category.



Ren Hayakawa

Hayakawa was part of a team which won the bronze medal in women's archery at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Hayakawa shot her arrow into the 10-point area in her final shot of the match.

This was Japan's first Olympic medal in any team archery event.


The Spoiler

The Spoiler is a novel written by journalist Annalena McAfee. It is about two women who work at a newspaper. It was published in the United States on April 10, 2012.

Annalena McAfee

Annalena McAfee (born c.1952) is a British writer, journalist and was the editor of "The Guardian's" literary supplement, the "Guardian Review" until July 2006. She has written children's books. Some of them have been translated into French, German and Dutch. McAfee is also the editor of a collection of literary profiles from "The Guardian".

She married the British novelist Ian McEwan in 1997.


Steven Seagal

Steven Frederic Seagal (born April 10, 1952) is an American martial artist, actor, producer, writer, musician and former reserve deputy sheriff. Seagal began his adult life as an Aikido instructor in Japan. He became the first foreigner to have an Aikido dojo in Japan. He later moved to Los Angeles, California. There he made several movies. His first film "Above the Law" (1988) is regarded as the first American film to feature aikido in fight sequences. "Under Siege" (1992) brought him the most fame. Seagal was one of the most successful martial arts actors of the 1980s and 1990s, alongside Jean-Claude Van Damme. Credited with popularising aikido in film, Seagal is considered an important figure in the development and popularization of martial arts in the West.

In 2009, the A&E Network began showing his reality show "". This show focused on his work as a deputy sheriff. In 2011, Steven Seagal produced and starred in a 13 episode television series called "True Justice".

From 1996 to 2010, multiple women have accused Seagal of sexual harassment or assault.

Seagal is known as an environmentalist, an animal rights activist and as a supporter of the 14th Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gyatso.

He is also known for his outspoken support of Vladimir Putin. Seagal once called Putin "one of the great living world leaders". He was granted Russian citizenship in 2016. In 2018, the Russian foreign ministry announced that Seagal was appointed as a special envoy to improve ties with the United States. In 2023, Putin bestowed a state decoration on Seagal, awarding the Order of Friendship.

Seagal owns a dude ranch in Colorado and a home in Brentwood. He has adopted many animals from shelters. Seagal is a Buddhist.

Seagal has seven children from four relationships.

In Japan, Seagal married his first wife, Miyako Fujitani. They had a son and daughter. The daughter is actress and writer Ayako Fujitani.

In the United States, he married former "Days of our Lives" actress Adrienne La Russa. During this marriage, he began a relationship with Kelly LeBrock. LeBrock became pregnant. He then ended the marriage with La Russa and married LeBrock. They had 3 children. During his marriage to LeBrock, Seagal was having a relationship with their nanny, Arissa Wolf. She had a daughter.

Seagal is currently married to Erdenetuya Batsukh, called Elle. They have a son. Elle is from Mongolia.

In addition to his biological children, he is the guardian to a Tibetan child, Yabshi Pan Rinzinwangmo.


Mitsubishi Grandis

The Mitsubishi Grandis is a car produced by Mitsubishi Motors. It replaced the Mitsubishi Space Wagon in 2003. It was sold in Japan, Asia, Europe, Oceania, Mexico, Honduras, Jamaica, and South America.

It won the Best MPV award at the "Bangkok International Motor Show" from 2005 to 2010.

Production ended in 2011.


Il Canto degli Italiani

"Il Canto degli Italiani" (, meaning "The Song of the Italians") is the Italian national anthem. The words were written by Goffredo Mameli in the autumn of 1847 in Genoa when he was just twenty years old. The author of the song died shortly after. The words were later set to music by Michele Novaro in the same year. The song was successful during the Risorgimento because of hopes in the unification of the Italy.

After the unification in 1861, however, the "Marcia Reale" was adopted as Savoy's official anthem. "Il Canto degli Italiani" became the anthem of Italy after 1946, when Italy became a republic.

In 2012, a bill was pass in making schools to teach the line ""Fratelli d'Italia"" in the anthem.

While the official lyrics are in Italian, the anthem has been translated into other regional languages, such as Neapolitan and Venetian.

Shannon Lucid

Dr. Shannon Lucid (born 1943) is a biochemist and a retired NASA astronaut. At one time she had the longest duration in space for an American astronaut. She has flown in space five times. This includes a long mission on the Mir space station.

Lucid was born in Shanghai, China. She grew up in Bethany, Oklahoma. She attended the University of Oklahoma.

Lucid was awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor in December 1996. She is the tenth person and first woman to be given that honor. In 1993 she was inducted into the Oklahoma Women's Hall of Fame. 

On January 31, 2012, Lucid said she was retired from NASA.

Hiromi Miyake

In July 2012, Miyake won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 48 kg category.




Jacob Wukie

Jacob Wukie (born May 11, 1986) is an American athlete. He is best known as an archer who competed in the Summer Olympic Games. 

At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he was part of the men's archery team that won a silver medal.



County-equivalent

A county-equivalent in the United States is a type of area that is not inside any county. The county-equivalents are defined by the federal government. They are used for administrative and statistical reasons.

As of the 2000 census there were 3,141 county-equivalents in the United States. The number went down to 3,140 in 2001. That is because the city of Clifton Forge, Virginia changed from being a city to being a town.

There are three types of county-equivalents.

The first type of county-equivalent is an area of a state which is similar to a county.

Examples of this type are that Louisiana has parishes instead of counties, while Alaska has boroughs instead of counties: the city of Anchorage is considered a borough under state law.

The second type of county-equivalent is a city that is not inside any county.

Examples of this type:

The third type of county-equivalent is an area that doesn't have any county-level government and the United States Census Bureau decides to treat it as a county-equivalent.

Example of this type:


Thandie Newton

Melanie Thandiwe Newton (; born 6 November 1972) is a British actress. She has performed in numerous British and American movies, including "The Pursuit of Happyness" and "". She was born in London to a black Zimbabwean mother and white British father. She grew up in Africa, London and Penzance.

Newton says that director John Duigan made her have a relationship with him. She was sixteen years old and he was 39. The relationship lasted 6 years.

She married English writer/director/producer Ol Parker in 1998. The couple have two daughters: Ripley, born in 2000, and Nico, born in 2004. Her daughters are named after the character Ellen Ripley in the "Alien" movies and the singer Nico.

Newton has suffered from bulimia.

Newton is a Buddhist.

Jenna Elfman

Jennifer Mary "Jenna" Elfman (born September 30, 1971, Los Angeles) is an American movie and television actress. She is highly known for her role as Dharma in the television sitcom "Dharma & Greg"

She began taking ballet class at the age of five and became a classically trained ballet dancer. She attended high school at the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts (LACHSA). She then attended college at California State University, Northridge (CSUN)

Elfman began her professional career as a dancer. She appeared in the music video for "Halo", a song by Depeche Mode.She also danced in the video for Chris Isaak's 1995 single "Somebody's Crying". She toured with the rock band ZZ Top on their 1994 World Tour.

She was in a number of national television commercials. Her first television program role was on the short-lived 1996 American sitcom called "Townies". This role led to her part in "Dharma & Greg".

Elfman met her husband, actor Bodhi Elfman, at a Sprite commercial audition in February 1991. They married on February 18, 1995.

On July 23, 2007, Elfman's first child, a son, Story Elias, was born in Los Angeles. On September 16, 2009, Elfman said she was expecting her second child. On March 2, 2010, their son Easton Quinn Monroe was born.


Joey Lawrence

Joseph "Joey" Lawrence (born Joseph Lawrence Mignogna Jr., April 20, 1976 in Philadelphia) is an American actor and R&B singer. He is best known for his character roles in the television series "Gimme a Break", "Blossom" and "Melissa & Joey". Other television series include the hit show "Brotherly Love". He has also acted in several movies.

He has two younger brothers, Matthew and Andrew, who are also actors.

He attended the University of Southern California.

Lawrence's first acting role was in a Cracker Jack commercial. At the age of five, he appeared on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson". He sang the song "Give My Regards to Broadway".

Lawrence married Michelle Vella in 2002. The couple divorced in 2005. He met his second wife, Chandie Yawn-Nelson, while on vacation in Disney World when the two were teenagers. They married there 13 years later, in July 2005. The couple have two daughters, Charleston (born 2006) and Liberty Grace (born March 2010).



Showa Women's University

Showa Women's University is a private university for women in Sangenjaya, Setagaya Ward in Tokyo, Japan. SWU was founded in 1920 and re-established in 1949. The university shares a campus with a graduate school, a high school, a junior high school, an elementary school and a nursery school. Showa's founder, Enkichi Hitomi, was influenced by the educational ideas of Lev Tolstoy.

Showa Women’s University as we know it today is a women’s private university. It was opened in 1920 and was named ‘Japan Women’s Institute’. The ‘Institute’ as it was known at that time, was founded by Mr. Hitomi Enkichi, whose educational ideas were influenced by the infamous Lev Tolstoy. The institute was in the Bunkyo Ward of Tokyo. In 1922, the school changed its name from ‘Japan Women’s Institute’ to ‘Japan Women’s College’. They had moved location from Bunkyo Ward in Tokyo to its present location in Taishido, Setagaya Ward, in Tokyo. In 1949, the College had changed its name one final time from ‘Japan Women’s College’ to ‘Showa Women’s University’ as they are known today. Showa Women’s University has been offering excellent educational opportunities from Kindergarten to Graduate School.

Department of Japanese Language & Literature
The 3 fields of Japanese studies include Japanese Literature, Japanese Language and Teaching Japanese as a Foreign Language.

Department of English Language and Communication
Students have the opportunity to work on their English skills by studying abroad at Showa Boston Institute of Language and Culture in Boston, Massachusetts.

Department of History & Culture
Students study and compare history and culture between Japan and the rest of the world.

Department of International studies
Students learn and study global issues while attaining fluency in both English and other foreign languages.

Students investigate and study the social groups in human society using history, economics, geography, law, psychology and international relations.

Department of Psychology
Students use scientific processes to study both human and animal behavior, with the object of understanding why living beings behave as they do.

Department of Welfare Society
Students may choose from 3 courses that include Social Work, Welfare Career and Parenting Support.

Department of Contemporary Liberal Arts
Students learn social sciences including subjects such as literature, languages, philosophy, history, mathematics, and science.

Department of Elementary Education
Students learn to become educators and obtain multiple licenses allowing them to teach nursery school, kindergarten and elementary school.

Students learn a wide variety of professional careers that include community service, education, business, government and industry. From these careers, finds ways of improving life for individuals and/or families to live and function in society. Furthermore, students also study the management of resources, human goals and needs for family relationships, working environments, human development, living environments, food and apparel.

Department of Human Environmental Science and Design
Students study more in depth the following four fields including costume design management, product design, design production and architecture interior design.

Department of Human Health and Design
Students learn the health science] and can choose to specialize in either exercise, perception or food science.

Department of Food Science & Nutrition
Students study food science which is the chemical, biological, and physical nature of food components – and the technology to bring good, healthy food from the farm to the table. Nutrition is where students study various foods chemistry, ways of cooking and eating well so they can prescribe diets for both health and disease.

Is a two-year college program aimed at offering students academic, professional and vocational training and education. An associate degree is the highest certificate offered at the Junior College level. Students may opt to transfer their Junior College credits to a four-year college or university.

Department of Culture and Creative Arts
Students learn the differences and similarities of English and Japanese cultures using television, film, theatre, music and art history.

The Showa Women’s University Hitomi Memorial Hall on the university campus is famous for its great acoustics. Many classical concerts with many famous conductors have used this now famous concert hall. In 1986, the Suntory Hall at Akasaka opened in central Tokyo causing a slight decrease in the number of concerts in the Hitomi Memorial Hall. It is still used for concerts for the public still.

This education center offers students teacher training programs, foreign language studies and liberal arts.

This consists of the Doctoral and Master of Arts programs that consists of 12 subjects including Department of Japanese Language and Literature, Department of English and American Literature,
Department of Language Educational Communication, Graduate School of Human Life Sciences, Department of Human Science and Culture, Department of Psychology, Department of Welfare Society, Department of Education, Department of Environmental Design, Department of Human Science and Design, and Department of Human Life Science and Culture.

Showa Junior & Senior High School is included in the Showa School network and was established in 1922. Students study for 6 years. This school is in Taishido, Setagaya Ward in Tokyo. Currently, approximately 44.2%, or 100 students, enter the Showa Women’s University after graduating from Showa Junior & Senior High School.

Showa Elementary was established in 1953. This is a coed elementary school. About 75% of the girls that complete Showa Elementary School enter Showa Junior & Senior High School.

Showa Kindergarten was established in 1951. Children here learn English, science, and arts. Most students from the kindergarten enter Showa Elementary School.

Showa Women’s University has numerous programs to study abroad in the USA and around the world. Showa Women’s University places a heavy emphasis on study-abroad programs because of the growing demand for global communications and business. Many students are currently involved in these exchange programs.
Showa Boston Institute for Language and Culture in Massachusetts opened in 1988 and is a key campus in our study abroad program. Because of Boston’s rich academic, culture and history, it helps in the cultural experience the students. Over 700 students travel to the Boston campus to experience the school and its culture every year. Showa was recognized by the Foreign Minister in 2010 for this ongoing effort. The Japanese students learn English and about American culture while experiencing schooling in an American school environment. English majors spend up to three (3) semesters there. For Nutrition, Teaching Japanese and Early Elementary Education there is a specialized two-week program.
There is a 15-week program that focuses mainly on English. Students can learn about American society and culture by experiencing their community learning and field work.
There is also a one-month Summer Session during their summer break that gives students one (1) choice out of seven (7) programs to choose from based on their interest.
American Culture, Volunteer, American Food and Culture, Museum, Education, Psychology, Business English

Include Boshu, Tomei, Aizu, Boston


The Spinners

The Spinners is a Detroit-based R&B club. They have had many hit records and singles since the late 1960s. Some people in the group have died, though this group continues touring and making records.

The band is also sometimes called the Detroit Spinners, or Motown Spinners. These group names were used in the UK to avoid confusion with a British folk group also called The Spinners.


Angel on My Shoulder

Angel on My Shoulder may refer to:


AS

AS or as may refer to:






The Pointer Sisters

The Pointer Sisters are an American R&B girl group. They were founded in 1969 and are based out of Oakland, California who first achieved mainstream success in the 1970s and 1980s. Their genres are bebop, disco, blues, country and rock. The group were a duo when they started, though they became trio, then a quartet in the later years. The Pointer Sisters had their greatest and highest success in the 1980s. They are best known for a song called "I'm So Excited".

Kerri Strug

Kerri Allyson Strug (b. November 19, 1977 in Tucson, Arizona) is a retired American gymnast. She won a gold medal in the 1996 Summer Olympics. She is remembered for performing the vault despite hurting her ankle.

Kim Zmeskal

Kim Zmeskal (born February 6, 1976 in Houston) is a retired gymnast. She went up against Shannon Miller during the 1992 Summer Olympics but was beaten.

Zmeskal retired from gymnastics in 2000.

Jamie Salé

Jamie Rae Salé (born near Edmonton, Alberta, April 21, 1977) is a Canadian pair skater. She and David Pelletier won a gold medal in the 2002 Winter Olympics. The gold medal, however, was shared by a Russian pair skating couple after a figure skating scandal hit through the Olympics.

Salé was born in Calgary, Alberta. She competed first as a singles skater. She and Jason Turner placed 12th at the Lillehammer Olympics.

After the 2002 win, the pair has turned professional and are now touring North America with Stars on Ice, a figure skating show.

Salé and Pelletier were engaged on Christmas Day of 2004 at their Edmonton, Alberta home. They married on December 30, 2005 at the Fairmont Banff Springs hotel in Alberta. Their son, Jesse Joe Pelletier, was born on September 30, 2007.

Salé and Pelletier were inducted into the Skate Canada Hall of Fame in 2008. They were inducted into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame on March 26, 2009.

On June 4, 2010, it was reported that Salé and Pelletier would divorce; however, they will remain skating partners.

On June 20, 2012 Salé married her "Battle of the Blades" partner, Craig Simpson.

Indigo Girls

The Indigo Girls are an American folk and rock music duo. Their names are Amy Ray and Emily Saliers. They met during elementary school. They began performing together while in high school near Atlanta, Georgia. They began performing with the name Indigo Girls close to 1986. They have had many hit songs. They got a Grammy Award in 1990.

In 1990, Ray founded Daemon Records. The company has signed Magnapop, Ellen James Society, Kristen Hall, Rose Polenzani, Girlyman, Athens Boys Choir, and James Hall among others.

Ray has put out five solo albums. They are called "Stag", "Prom", "Live from Knoxville", "Didn't It Feel Kinder" and "". She has toured with both The Butchies and her band The Volunteers.

Saliers is also planning a solo album. She is co-owner of Watershed Restaurant in Decatur, Georgia. Saliers was an initial investor in the Flying Biscuit Cafe in Atlanta, Georgia. In 2005, Saliers and her father, Don Saliers, a theology professor at Candler School of Theology at Emory University, released the book "A Song to Sing, a Life to Live: Reflections on Music as Spiritual Practice". They promoted the release of the book together including several days of speaking and performing together at the Washington National Cathedral College in Washington D.C.

Both Ray and Saliers have long identified themselves as lesbians. They have never been a couple. Because of their work for LGBT rights they are seen as icons of the movement.



Chaka Khan

Yvette Marie Stevens (better known as Chaka Khan and born March 23, 1953 near Chicago) is a ten time Grammy Award winning American singer and songwriter. She first became famous in the 1970s as the main singer for the funk group Rufus. Khan went solo around 1978, and her hit songs include "I Feel for You," "I'm Every Woman", "Sweet Thing" and "Through the Fire". She also got several nominations for American Music Awards.

On May 19, 2011, Khan was given the 2,440th Hollywood Walk of Fame star plaque on a section of Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles.

Khan has been married twice and is the mother of two children, daughter Indira Milini and son Damien Holland. Khan's first marriage was to Hassan Khan, in 1970, when she was 17. They divorced a short time later. Milini's birth was the result of a relationship between Khan and Rahsaan Morris. Khan married her second husband, Richard Holland, in 1976. The marriage reportedly caused a rift between Khan and several members of Rufus. Khan dated a Chicago-area schoolteacher in the mid-1980s in the middle of her solo stardom. Following their separation, Khan moved to Europe. She first lived in London, later living in Germany. 

In the past, Khan struggled with drug abuse and alcoholism. Her drug use, which at times included cocaine and heroin, ended sometime in the early 1990s. Khan would have an on-again, off-again struggle with alcoholism. In 2005 she said she was sober. In 2006, her son Damien Holland was accused of murder after 17-year-old Christopher Bailey was shot to death. Khan testified on her son's behalf defending her son's innocence. Holland said the shooting was an accident and was found not guilty. Though she sang at both the 2000 Democratic and Republican conventions, Khan says that she is more of a "Democratic-minded person".

In December 2011, Khan won permanent custody of her granddaughter, Daija Jade Holland. Khan said the mother was unable to raise her due to her drug addiction. It was reported that Khan's son was also addicted to drugs.

To date, Chaka Khan has won 10 Grammy Awards, including two as a member of Rufus. She has received 22 Grammy Award nominations, including three as a member of Rufus.


To date, she has had four American Music Award nominations.
References:


Genes, Brain and Behavior

Genes, Brain and Behavior (also known as "G2B") is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering the fields of the genetics of behavior, the nervous system (neurogenetics), and mental illness (psychiatric genetics). It began in 2002. It is the official journal of the International Behavioural and Neural Genetics Society.

According to the "Journal Citation Reports", its 2010 impact factor is 4.061. It was ranked 63rd out of 237 listed journals on Neurosciences, and 6th out of 48 listed journals in the category "Behavioral Sciences".

The journal publishes these types of articles:

Suzanne Vega

Suzanne Nadine Vega (born 1959 in Santa Monica, California) is an American singer, recording artist and songwriter. She is best known for her songs "Luka" and "Tom's Diner". 

At the age of nine she began to write poetry. She wrote her first song at age fourteen. She attended New York's High School of Performing Arts. There she studied modern dance and graduated in 1977.

On March 17, 1995, Vega married Mitchell Froom, a musician and a record producer. They have a daughter, Ruby Froom (born July 8, 1994). The band Soul Coughing's "Ruby Vroom" album was named after her. Recently Ruby sang with her mother.
Vega and Froom separated in 1998.

On February 11, 2006, Vega married Paul Mills, a lawyer and poet.


Orleans (band)

Orleans are an American soft rock band who were extremely popular during 1970s. Their song, "Dance with Me" was a highly popular single, though they have had other songs.




Cornus canadensis

Cornus canadensis is a herbaceous member of the Cornaceae (dogwood) family. It has various common names, such as the Bunchberry dogwood, Canadian Bunchberry, Quatre-temps, or Crackerberry. It is a widespread plant of the northern hemisphere.

It grows about 20–30 cm tall and bears tiny flowers a few millimetres across. They form an inflorescence at the center of four white, petal-like bracts 3–4 cm diameter.

Each flower has highly elastic petals that flip backward, releasing springy filaments that are cocked underneath the petals. The filaments snap upward flinging pollen out in less than half a millisecond. The pollen experiences a force two to three thousand times the force of gravity. The Bunchberry has one of the fastest plant actions found so far. It needs a camera capable of shooting 10,000 frames per second to catch the action.

In other words, it is a mechanism for cross-pollination by air.

The fruits are edible with a mild flavour somewhat like apples. The large seeds within are somewhat hard and crunchy. Birds are the main dispersal agents of the seeds, consuming the fruit during their fall migration. In Alaska, bunchberry is an important forage plant for mule deer, black-tailed deer and moose, which consume it throughout the growing season. 

Where bunchberry, a forest species, and "Cornus suecica," a bog species, grow near each other in their overlapping ranges in Alaska, Labrador, and Greenland, they can Hybrid ize by cross-pollination, producing plants with intermediate characteristics.

Gore Vidal

Gore Vidal (born Eugene Luther Gore Vidal, October 3, 1925 – July 31, 2012) was an American writer.

Vidal was born at West Point, New York, the only child of Eugene Luther Vidal (1895-1969) and Nina Gore (1903-1978). He was promiscuous in his youth and was openly bisexual. He lived with a man for over fifty years until he died in 2003. Vidal died of pneumonia at his home in the Hollywood Hills, Los Angeles, California.






Billy Ocean

Billy Ocean (born Leslie Sebastian Charles; 21 January 1950) is a songwriter, recording artist and musician. He was born in Fyzabad, Trinidad to Grenadan parents. He has many hit singles. Most were put out in the 1980s.

On 20 October 2010, Ocean was presented with the Lifetime Achievement Award at the MOBO Awards in London.

On 29 July 2011, Ocean became a Companion of the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts. His title was presented by Sir Paul McCartney.


Natalie Merchant

Natalie Merchant (born October 26, 1963 in Jamestown, New York) is an American musician, recording artist and singer-songwriter. Her hit singles include "Carnival" and "Trouble Me". She was part of 10,000 Maniacs until 1993, before she left the group for a solo career.

In 2003, Merchant married Daniel de la Calle. They had a daughter named Lucia. However, in an interview in 2012, she indicated that she is now divorced. She likes gardening and painting. Some paintings can be seen at her official website. She has been a vegetarian since 1980.




Emil Cioran

Emil Mihai Cioran (, ; 8 April 1911 – 20 June 1995) was a Romanian philosopher and essayist. He was known for his antinatalism, pessimism, skepticism, nihilism and gnosticism. His works often depict an atmosphere of torment, a state that Cioran himself experienced, and came to be dominated by lyricism.



The Angels

The Angels are an American girl group who had most of the popularity in the 1960s. Their song "My Boyfriend's Back" hit #1 in 1963, although the band has had many other songs.



Nick Nolte

Nicholas King Nolte (born February 8, 1941) is an American actor. He has acted in many movies, including the dramas "I'll Do Anything" and "Blue Chips". Nolte has won a Golden Globe Award. 

Nolte was born in Omaha, Nebraska on February 8, 1941. Nolte was educated at the University of Arizona. Nolte was married three times; first to Sheila Page from 1966 until they divorced in 1970. Second he married Sharyn Haddad from 1978 until they divorced in 1983. Lastly he married Rebecca Linger from 1984 until they divorced in 1994. 

He was partners with; Karen Louise Ecklund from 1970 until they separated in 1977. Then he was partners with Vicki Lewis from 1994 until they separated in 2003. He is currently partners with Clytie Lane since 2003. With Linger Nolte has a son Brawley Nolte, and with Lane he has a daughter Sophie Lan Nolte. 



Nu Shooz

Nu Shooz are an R&B group based in Portland, Oregon.They formed in 1979. They released many records in the 1980s. However, they did not hit the mainstream until after their 1986 album "Poolside" was released. The song "I Can't Wait" was among their many hit songs. In 1988 the band broke up. In 2007 they got back together.

Robert Palmer

Robert Allen Palmer (January 19, 1949 – September 26, 2003) was a British musician, singer-songwriter and recording artist who released many hits during the 1970s and the 1980s. His hits include "Addicted to Love" and "Bad Case of Loving You (Doctor, Doctor)".

Palmer received a number of awards throughout his career, including two Grammy Awards for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance, an MTV Video Music Award, and was twice nominated for the BRIT Award for Best British Male.

Robert Palmer married Susan Eileen Thatcher in 1971. They had two children together, James and Jane. They divorced in 1999. In 1993, Palmer moved from the Bahamas to Lugano, Switzerland. He thought the islands were overrun with drugs and guns and were no longer safe. Palmer's companion at the time of his death was Mary Ambrose.

Palmer moved to Lugano, Switzerland, in 1986. He became a naturalized citizen of Switzerland in 1993. He lived there until his death. 

A heavy smoker, he died in Paris, France, from a heart attack on 26 September 2003 at the age of 54. He was holidaying with his close friend, Jack Bruce, and conducting publicity appearances for his most recent release "Drive" prior to his death. 

He was survived by his parents, Leslie and Anna Palmer, his brother, Mark Palmer, and his children, James and Jane.

 

Edwin Starr

Edwin Starr (January 21, 1942 – April 2, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He had many hit songs. His most notable song was "War". The song sold over one million copies. He was very popular in the late 1960s and early 1970s.

Starr was an African American who was born in Nashville and grew up in Cleveland.

On April 2, 2003, at the age of 61, Starr suffered a heart attack and died while taking a bath at his home in Bramcote near Nottingham. He left a wife, Annette Mary Hatcher, a son André Hatcher, and two grandchildren Alonté Renfroe and Maryah Hatcher.


Blackstreet

Blackstreet is an American R&B group. It began around 1991. It was created through Teddy Riley. The group was very strong during the 1990s. Their songs included "No Diggity" and "Booty Call".



The Bartons Arms

The Bartons Arms is a pub in the Newton neighborhood of Aston, Birmingham. It is in the country of England.

The pub was built in 1901. It had special walls built that let middle class people drinking in the bar see the working class drinkers on the other side, but the working class drinkers could not see the middle-class people watching them. Laurel and Hardy visited the pub. There are photographs of them serving beer to bar visitors.

The Bartons Arms is in the movie "Felicia's Journey" and a book, "The Last Viking: The Untold Story of the World's Greatest Heist," by Ron Dawson. In 2006 the pub had a fire due to electrical problems. In the 2011 England riots the pub was attacked.


R. G. Armstrong

Robert Golden "R. G." Armstrong, Jr. (April 7, 1917 July 27, 2012) was an American movie, stage, television actor, and playwright.

Armstrong was born on April 7, 1917 in Pleasant Grove, Alabama and raised in on a small farm near Birmingham, Alabama. Armstrong was educated at Howard College and went to University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with late actor John Forsythe and late actor and friend Andy Griffith. After graduated he the Actors' Studio.

Armstrong's career began in 1959 when he starred in the movie "The Fugitive Kind" and later appeared in other movies like; "El Dorado", "Race with the Devil", "The Car", "Dick Tracy", "Predator", and his final movie "Purgatory".

Armstrong was married to Ann Neale from 1952 until they divorced in 1972, they had four children. Later he married Susan M. Guthrie from 1973 until they divorced in 1976. Lastly he married Mary Craven from 1993 until she died in 2003.

Armstrong died on July 27, 2012 in his home in Studio City, California from natural causes. He was 95. He is survived by his four children from his first marriage.



Kate Jackson

Catherine Elise "Kate" Jackson (born October 29, 1948 in Birmingham, Alabama) is an American actress. She has acted in many movies and television programs. She was in "Charlie's Angels" during the 1970s to early 1980s.

Chick-fil-A

Chick-fil-A is an American fast food restaurant chain. The franchise is based in Atlanta and has places in parts of the United States. Chick-fil-A menu items are delicious and spicy.

S. Truett Cathy opened a restaurant called the Dwarf Grill (now known as the Dwarf house) in Atlanta, in 1946. In 1961, he found a fryer that is quicker in frying the chicken. After the discovery, he changed the name to Chick-fil-A inc. The slogan, ""We Didn't Invent the Chicken, Just the Chicken Sandwich"" refers to their top menu item, the chicken sandwich.

The first Chick-fil-A opened in 1967, in the Greenbriar mall in Atlanta.


Richard Dreyfuss

Richard Stephen Dreyfuss (born October 29, 1947) is an American actor.

Dreyfuss was born on October 29, 1947 in Brooklyn, New York to Norman Dreyfuss, a lawyer, and to Geraldine Dreyfuss, a peace activist. Dreyfuss was raised Bayside, Queens, New York. Dreyfuss and his family first moved to Europe, because his father dislike New York City. Later they moved to Los Angeles, California when he was just 9 years old. He was educated at Beverly Hills High School.

His career began during the late 1960s and had appeared in movies such as; "American Graffiti", "Inserts", "Jaws", "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "The Goodbye Girl", "Whose Life Is It Anyway?", "Moon over Parador", "Always", "What About Bob?", "Poseidon", "Mr. Holland's Opus", and "James and the Giant Peach".

Dreyfuss has won an Academy Award for Best Actor in 1977 for his role in "The Goodbye Girl" and was nominated for another Academy Award for Best Actor in 1995 for his role in "Mr. Holland's Opus". He has won a Golden Globe Award, BAFTA Award, and in 2002 he was nomination for a Screen Actors Guild Award.

Dreyfuss was married to Jeramie Rain from 1983 until it ended in divorced in 1995, they had three children. Later he married Janelle Lacey in 1999 until they divorced in 2005. He is currently married to Svetlana Erokin since 2006. They currently live in Carlsbad, California and in Encinitas, California.

Dreyfuss suffers from bipolar disorder. In 2006, he appeared in Stephen Fry's documentary "", which documented Stephen Fry's life with the disease.


Paradise Valley, Montana

Paradise Valley is a major river valley of the Yellowstone River in southwestern Montana. It is just north of Yellowstone National Park in Park County, Montana. The Absaroka Range is on the east and the Gallatin Range on the west.

The Paradise Valley is separated from the Gallatin Valley and Bozeman, Montana by the Bozeman Pass. The valley lies mostly along a north-south axis. It is anchored to the north by Livingston, Montana and to the south by Yankee Jim Canyon which is about fifteen miles north of Gardiner, Montana. 

The Paradise Valley was the original entrance to Yellowstone National Park. Today, the other entrances to the park are at West Yellowstone, Montana from the west, from the northeast at Cooke City-Silver Gate, Montana, from the east at Cody, Wyoming, and from the south at Grand Teton National Park and Jackson, Wyoming.

The Yellowstone River flows through the valley. It is noted for world-class fly fishing in the river and nearby spring creeks such as DePuy Spring Creek. The valley has other natural wonders such as several natural hot springs, including Chico Hot Springs near Emigrant, Montana, La Duke Hot Springs near Gardiner, and Hunter's Hot Springs near Livingston.

Emigrant Peak is the largest peak near the valley. It is 10,921 feet in elevation. It is in the southern part of the valley on the eastern side of the river. It is in the Absaroka mountain range.


Hardee's

Hardee's is an American fast food franchise. It began on September 3, 1960. It operates mainly across the Midwestern States of the United States. The restaurant sells chicken strips, French fries and burgers. Wilbur Hardee was the founder of Hardee's.

Easy Rider

Easy Rider is a 1969 American road movie directed by Dennis Hopper, and written by Hopper, Peter Fonda and Terry Southern. It tells the story of two bikers who travel through the American Southwest and South for freedom. The success of the movie helped spark the New Hollywood phase of movie making during the early 1970s. The movie was added to the Library of Congress National Registry in 1998.

The movie was said to be a counterculture movie. "Easy Rider" explores the societal landscape, issues, and tensions in the United States during the 1960s, such as the rise and fall of the hippie movement, drug use, and communal lifestyle.

"Easy Rider" is famous for its use of real drugs in its portrayal of marijuana and other substances.

Hopper received the First Film Award ("Prix de la première œuvre") at the 1969 Cannes Film Festival. At the Academy Awards, Nicholson was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. The movie was also nominated for Best Writing, Story and Screenplay Based on Material Not Previously Published or Produced.

The movie is at number 88 on the American Film Institute's list of 100 Years, 100 Movies.


Gaby Hoffmann

Gabriella "Gaby" Hoffmann (born January 8, 1982) is an American movie and television series actress who also did some commercials. She starred in the 1988 comedy "Uncle Buck" and "Field of Dreams", a 1989 movie.

Bob Newhart

Bob Newhart (born September 5, 1929) is an American actor and stand up comedian. He has performed on many television sitcoms. One of them was his self-titled sitcom "The Bob Newhart Show" and other one "Newhart". He also appeared in the Christmas comedy movie "Elf".

In 2011, Newhart made a cameo in the movie "Horrible Bosses", and in 2013 he guest starred in an episode of "The Big Bang Theory", for which he won his very first acting Emmy Award on September 15, 2013. 

Newhart was born in Oak Park, Illinois on September 5, 1929. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Newhart studied at Loyola University at Chicago. He served in the United States Army before his acting career began. Newhart married Virginia "Ginnie" Quinn in 1963. She died in 2023. They have four children. 


Della Reese

Della Reese (July 6, 1931 – November 19, 2017) was an American singer, (television) actress, and Christian minister. She started acting in the 1950s. She was best known for performing as Tess in the CBS drama "Touched by an Angel" (which began September 1994 and ended in 2003). She was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Reese died of complications from diabetes on November 19, 2017 in Encino, California at the age of 86.

June Carter Cash

Valerie June Carter Cash (June 23, 1929 - May 15, 2003) was an American singer, actress, and dancer. She was the second wife of singer Johnny Cash. She and Johnny had many hit records in their careers. She died due to complications of surgery. Her widower, Johnny, died four months after her. She was the cousin of President of the United States Jimmy Carter.

June Carter Cash was born Valerie June Carter in Maces Spring, Virginia, to Maybelle Carter and Ezra Carter. She was born into country music and performed with the Carter Family from the age of ten, beginning in 1939. June and her sisters, with mother Maybelle and aunt Sara joining in from time to time, reclaimed the name "The Carter Family" for their act during the 1960s and 1970s.

Carter was married three times and had one child with each husband. All three of her children would go on to have successful careers in country music. Her last marriage was to Johnny Cash. In 1968, Cash proposed to Carter during a live performance at the London Ice House in London, Ontario, Canada. They married on March 1 in Franklin, Kentucky, and remained married until her death in May 2003, just four months before Cash died. The couple's son, John Carter Cash, is a musician, songwriter and producer. 

June Carter Cash died in Nashville, Tennessee, on May 15, 2003, of complications following heart-valve replacement surgery, in the company of her family and her husband of 35 years, Johnny Cash.



Tanya Roberts

Tanya Roberts (born Victoria Leigh Blum; October 15, 1949 – January 4, 2021) was an American actress, producer, and model. She appeared in many movies and television series. Roberts was born in Bronx, New York, and has both an English and a Jewish background.

She was known for her role as Julie Rogers on the fifth and final season of "Charlie's Angels" (1980–81) and as Midge Pinciotti on "That '70s Show" (1998–2001). She was a Bond girl in "A View to a Kill" (1985).

On December 24, 2020, Roberts collapsed suddenly at her home in Los Angeles. She was hospitalized under critical condition at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and she developed a urinary tract infection and sepsis. Roberts died on January 4, 2021 at aged 71.


Miss You

"Miss You" is a song by American singer Aaliyah. It was written in 1998, by Johnta Austin, Ginuwine and Teddy Bishop. The song was recorded for Aaliyah's third album (2001). However, it not included on the album. "Miss You" remained an unreleased song. When Aaliyah died in the Bahamas in August 2001, it was released on her greatest hits album "I Care 4 U" (2002). It was released as the first single from the album in 2003.

The song is a ballad. It was given positive reviews from music critics. It reached the top twenty in Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands and Switzerland. In the US, the song reached number one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It then became Aaliyah's highest-charting single after her 2000 number one single "Try Again" featuring Timbaland.

A music video of the song was released. It was directed by Darren Grant. It features Aaliyah's friends and other artists lip synching the song. These artists include Missy Elliott, Lil' Kim, Toni Braxton, Queen Latifah, Rosario Dawson and Quincy Jones among others. The music video was nominated for Best R&B Video at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. American rapper Jay-Z used the instrumental and chorus of "Miss You" for its official remix version.

"Miss You" was written by Johnta Austin and Teddy Bishop. It was produced by Bishop. It was originally written for American R&B singer Ginuwine's second album "100% Ginuwine" (1999). During the fall of 1999, when Aayliah was recording songs for her next album in the Manhattan Center Studios, she asked Austin and Bishop if she could hear what they written for other artists. Ginuwine had already recorded "Miss You", which was originally titled as "I Miss You". Bishop told in an interview, "She was like, 'I want to cut this record' [...] She got on the phone, called him and said 'Hey I know you cut this record already, but I would love to cut it'." Ginuwine, who also co-wrote the song, allowed her to record her own version. Aaliyah redone the entire song and recorded that night. Aaliyah wanted the song to be on her next album. However her record company, Blackground Records, did not believe it would be successful. It was left unreleased until her death in August 2001.

Slant Magazine called the single "Aaliyah-lite". MusicOMH.com gave a positive review of the song and said that it is the best new song from her album. A writer from Allmusic believed "Miss You" was not the best of her productions with Timbaland but said it "stand[s] up well".

"Miss You" debuted at number 55 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It then reached number three. It was the eighth best-song of that year for the Hot 100. It was the third best-song of that year on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. In the week of November 22, 2008, "Miss You" debuted at number 38 on the Top Ringtone chart. This marked its fifth year since it was first released.

A music video for the song was released. It was directed by Darren Grant. It features Aaliyah's friends and other artists lip synching to the song. The video was shot in two locations. These include Long Island City, New York and Los Angeles, California. American artists Tweet, Lil' Kim, Jaheim, and Lil' Jon were among those who came to the Long Island shoot. However, Jamie Foxx, DMX, Quincy Jones, and Ananda Lewis were some of the celebrities who appeared at the Los Angeles shoot.

There are clips of Aaliyah on the music video. These include some footage's of her in her music videos and in others. "Miss You" reached number 23 on BET: Notarized Top 100 videos of 2003.



Derek Tsang

Derek Tsang(曾國祥, born 8 November 1979) is an actor, director and screenwriter from Hong Kong. He is Eric Tsang's son. He appeared in "The Thieves" movie.


Gabrielle Union

Gabrielle Union (born October 29, 1972 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American movie actress. She has starred in many movies. She was in the 2003 movie "Bad Boys II" with Martin Lawrence and Will Smith. She recently starred in the Netflix original "The Perfect Find" with "Keith Powers".
Gabrielle is currently married to Dwyane Wade with a daughter, Kaavia James.

William John Macquorn Rankine

William John Macquorn Rankine (born July 5, 1820 in Edinburgh – died December 24, 1872 in Glasgow) was a Scottish physicist and engineer. He developed the Rankine scale. He made many important contributions to the thermodynamics. His manuals of engineering science and practice were used for many decades after their publication, in the 1850s and 1860s.


Gabby Douglas

Gabrielle Christina Victoria Douglas (born December 31, 1995 in Virginia Beach, Virginia) is an American gymnast. She competed with the United States' women's gymnastics team in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She won gold medals in both the individual all-around and team competitions. (In the "all-around" competition, gymnasts do all four gymnastics activities - balance beam, vault, uneven bars, and floor exercise.) 

Douglas is the first African-American woman in Olympic history to win first place in the individual all-around competition. She is also the first American gymnast who ever won gold medals in both the all-around and team competitions at the same Olympics. 

Douglas started gymnastics at age 6. Her sister Arielle, who had broken her wrist doing gymnastics, convinced their mother to let Gabby start taking gymnastics classes. In October 2002, Douglas began her training at Gymstrada Gymnastics in Virginia Beach, Virginia. In July 2004, she left Gymstrada and began training at Excalibur Gymnastics.

At age 16, Douglas made it to the Olympic Trials. She won first place and got a spot on the United States' 2012 women's gymnastics Olympic team. Her teammates were Jordyn Wieber, McKayla Maroney, Kyla Ross, and Aly Raisman. They won the team all-around gold medal, and Gabby also won the individual all-around gold medal.


Phil Hartman

Phillip Edward Hartmann (known professionally as Phil Hartman; September 24, 1948 – May 28, 1998) was a Canadian-born American graphic designer, artist, writer, comedian, voice artist, and actor. Hartman was born in Brantford, Ontario, Canada and he then moved to the United States with his family at the age of 10 and then became an American citizen in 1990. Hartman was a cast member of "Saturday Night Live".

Hartman was born Philip Edward Hartmann on September 24, 1948 in Brantford, Ontario, Canada. He was the fourth of eight children of Doris Marguerite (Wardell) and Rupert Loebig Hartmann, a salesman specializing in building materials. One of his brothers is named John Hartman. His parents were Catholic and raised their children in that faith. As a middle child, Hartman found affection hard to earn and stated: "I suppose I didn't get what I wanted out of my family life, so I started seeking love and attention elsewhere."

Hartman got his start in show business as a performing member of the comedy troupe, "Groundlings". Hartman then joined the cast of "Saturday Night Live" in 1987, and stayed on the show for 8 years. Hartman also did prominent voice acting roles on "The Simpsons" until his untimely death in 1998. He was also part of the main cast on the critically-acclaimed sitcom "News Radio", until his murder. Hartman, before becoming an actor and performer, worked as an album designer and graphic artist for multiple rock bands such as Poco, America and Crosby, Stills and Nash, while also co-creating the signature logo for the latter group. Hartman had also co-created the character Pee-wee Herman together along with his fellow Groundlings member and associate Paul Reubens. Hartman also co-wrote the screenplay for the film "Pee-wee's Big Adventure". 

He had also appeared in multiple films such as "Coneheads", "Kiki's Delivery Service", "Cheech & Chong's Next Movie", "House Guest", "The Pagemaster", "Small Soldiers" and "Jingle All The Way", among many others. Hartman was also a prolific voice actor who had voice roles in several cartoons, such as "Scooby Doo", "The Simpsons", "", "Darkwing Duck" and "The Smurfs".

One of Hartman's last notable projects was in the 1998 video game "Blasto", released for the PlayStation.

On May 27, 1998, Brynn returned to home that night and had a big fight with her husband. After the fight, Phil told her that if she ever used any drugs or abuse their children, then he would break up with her and take the children with him.
Later on May 28, 1998 at almost 3:00 AM, while he slept in his bed, Phil died at the hands of his wife, Brynn Omdahl-Hartman, by a revolver. Brynn, intoxicated and under the influence of cocaine and alcohol, drove to the home of a friend, and confessed to the murder. Returning to the house, with the couple's two children asleep inside, Mrs. Hartman pulled to gun to her head, and ended her life at around 6:30 AM. Phil Hartman was cremated days later, with his ashes spread over an island off the coast of Southern California.

The Hartmans' two children, Sean Edward Hartman (born in 1989) and Birgen Anika Hartman (born in 1992), were raised by their aunt and uncle, Katherine Omdahl (Brynn's sister) and Michael Wright in Minnesota.


Gloria Gaynor

Gloria Gaynor (born Gloria Fowles, September 7, 1943 near Newark, New Jersey) is an American recording artist and musician. She performed disco in the 1970s. She is best known for her classic song "I Will Survive".

John Forsythe

John Forsythe (born Jacob Lincoln Freund; January 29, 1918 April 1, 2010) was an American stage, television, and movie actor.

Forsythe born on January 29, 1918 in Penns Grove, New Jersey to Blanche Materson (née Blohm) and to Samuel Jeremiah Freund. Forsythe was the oldest of three. Forsythe was raised in Brooklyn, New York. He was educated at Abraham Lincoln High School and at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill along with late actors R. G. Armstrong and Andy Griffith. 

His career began when he was an announcer for the Brooklyn Dodgers. Forsythe's movie career began in 1943 in the movie "Northern Pursuit" and since then he had appeared in many movies such as; "Destination Tokyo", "Escape from Fort Bravo", "Madame X", "Topaz", "Scrooged", and his final movie was the 2003 movie "" that is the sequel to the movie that is based on the television series "Charlie's Angels" in which Forsythe starred in. 

Forsythe had starred in television series, but his most notable television works is in "Dynasty" as Blake Carrington and as Charles Townsend in the hit series "Charlie's Angels". Forsythe was also in "The Powers That Be", and was a Miss Universe host in 1989.

Forsythe has won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Series Drama in 1984 for his role in "Dynasty". 

Forsythe was married three times. He married Parker McCormick in 1939. They divorced in 1943. He married Julie Warren in 1943. She died in 1994 when Forsythe decided to turn her off of life support when she had breathing problems. He married Nicole Carter in 2003. They were married until his death in 2010. Forsythe had a son, two daughters, six grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.

Forsythe died on April 1, 2010 from complications of pneumonia in Santa Ynez, California. He was 92 years old. His widow Nicole Carter died 40 days later. He is buried at Oak Hill Cemetery in Santa Barbara, California. He is survived by his son, his two daughters, six grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.


Spinal muscular atrophy

Spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) is a serious genetic disease that causes nerves and muscles to stop working. Babies affected by SMA often get weak and might die after their lungs fail. Adults who develop the disease gradually lose the ability to move their bodies. The muscle weakness is known to worsen as the patient ages. 

Spinal muscular atrophy is inherited from parents who might or might not have the disease themselves but both of whom have a fault (mutation) in their genes that predisposes to the disease. Around one in 25 to one in 50 persons, depending on the country, carries a faulty gene of SMA.
Spinal muscular atrophy is the most common genetic disease causing deaths of babies. Only one medicine helps in SMA, it is called Spinraza.

It can already be observed before birth. It is the most rare and most severe form of the condition. Infants who have it tend to move less in the womb. As a result, they are often born with joint deformities or contractures. They have very weak muscle tone (hypotonia) at birth. Their respiratory muscles are also very weak. Most of them do not survive past infancy due to respiratory failure. Some also develop congenital heart defects. 

Also known as Werdnig-Hoffmann disease is the most common form of all. Its severe form can be seen at birth or within the first few months. Children affected cannot control their head movements. Others may struggle sitting down without any assistance. Others may have difficulty swallowing, which often lead to difficulty feeding. Some may also develop breathing problems because of the weakness of their respiratory muscles. Due to respiratory failure, most patients who suffer from this type of condition do not survive past early childhood. 

It is also called Dubowitz disease. It is identified by muscle weakness that develops in children between ages 6 and 12 months. They usually cannot sit without support. Apart from difficulty sitting, they usually cannot stand nor walk without help. Other signs include involuntary trembling (tremors) in their fingers, develop scoliosis, and respiratory muscle weakness that can be life-threatening. Many individuals with this type of condition often can only live up to their twenties or thirties.

Another name is Kugelberg-Welander disease. It causes muscle weakness in mid-childhood. While many can stand and walk earlier on without much help, as the condition progresses over time, walking and climbing stairs tend to become increasingly difficult for them. Most individuals suffering from this condition tend to require wheelchair assistance later in their lives. Unlike other types, they usually have normal life span. 

It is rare and usually manifests in early adulthood. Patients often experience mild to moderate muscle weakness, tremors, and very mild breathing problems. 

African traditional religion

Traditional African religions are the traditions of the religious groups in Africa. After Christianity and Islam, they are the third-biggest religious group in Africa. These religions still stick to their traditions. They are folk religions, and combine different beliefs. In general, people in the cities confess to either Christianity or Islam. The people outside the cities believe in the traditional religions. These religions are omnipresent in everyday life. All that happens has a supernatural cause, rooted in religion. People are born with a certain religion. Normally conversions from one belief system to another do not take place. There is a central belief in a "life force" which links everyday life with the metaphysical. Generally, such religions are full of life, and have a low esteem for an ascetic lifestyle. There is also the fear of spirits, the dead, and of magic, which influence everyday life.

Helsingborg

Helsingborg is a city in Sweden. It is the seat of Helsingborg Municipality, Skåne County. In 2010, 97,122 people lived there.

Patty Hearst

Patricia Campbell "Patty" Hearst (born February 20, 1954) is an American socialite and kidnapping victim. On February 4, 1974, Hearst was kidnapped from her apartment. Her experience may have been a case of Stockholm syndrome. She went on to commit robbery with the gang who kidnapped her. Natasha Richardson played Hearst in the movie "Patty Hearst".

<br>

Beatrice Roberts

Alice Beatrice Roberts (March 7, 1905 July 24, 1970) was an American actress whose career lasted for 40 years. She is best known for being the wife of Robert L. Ripley and the mistress of Louis B. Mayer. 

She was born on March 7, 1905 in Manhattan, New York City, New York. Roberts died on July 24, 1970 in Plymouth, Massachusetts from complications of pneumonia. She was 65. 


Barbara Eden

Barbara Eden (born Barbara Jean Huffman August 23, 1931) is an American actress. She is best known for her acting in the sitcom "I Dream of Jeannie". She has been featured in other television series. She was born in Tuscon, Arizona. She was raised in San Francisco.

Eden has been married three times. Her first marriage was to Michael Ansara in 1958. They divorced in 1972. They had a son, Matthew Michael Ansara. On September 3, 1977, She married Charles Donald Fegert. They got divorced in 1983. She married Jon Eicholtz in January 1991. 


Mike Beebe

Mickey Dale Beebe (better known as Mike Beebe; born December 28, 1946) is an American politician. He was the Governor of Arkansas from 2007 to 2015. He was elected in 2006 as governor and re-elected in 2010. He is a member of the Democratic Party of the United States.

Common juniper

The common juniper ("Juniperus communis") is a species in the genus "Juniperus", in the family Cupressaceae. It has the largest range of any woody plant. It is all over the cool temperate Northern Hemisphere. It can be found in North America, Europe and Asia.

"Juniperus communis" is a shrub or small coniferous evergreen tree. It is a low spreading shrub. Sometimes it can reach 10 m tall. 

The seed cones are berry-like. They are green when ripening. In 18 months they change to purple-black with a blue waxy coating.

It is too small to be used for lumber. In Scandinavia, however, juniper wood is used for making containers. These containers store small amounts of dairy products such as butter and cheese. In Estonia juniper wood is valued for its long lasting and pleasant aroma. Various decorative items (often eating utensils) are common in most Estonian handicraft shops and households.

Its astringent blue-black seeds, commonly known as "Juniper berries", are too bitter to eat raw. They are usually sold dried and used to flavour meats, sauces, and stuffings. They are generally crushed before use to release their flavour. The berries are used to flavour certain beers and gin. The Slovak national alcoholic beverage Borovička is also flavoured with juniper berry extract.

Juniper berries have long been used as medicine by many cultures. Juniper berries act as a strong urinary tract disinfectant if eaten. They were used by Native Americans as an herbal remedy for diabetes. Western American tribes combined the berries of "Juniperus communis" with Berberis root bark in a herbal tea. Native Americans also used juniper berries as a female contraceptive.

Snail kite

The snail kite ("Rostrhamus sociabilis") is a bird of prey. It is in the family Accipitridae, which also includes the eagles, hawks, and Old World vultures. 

Snail kites are long with a wingspan. They weigh from . 

They have long, broad, and rounded wings. Its tail is long with a white rump. The dark, deeply hooked beak measures . 

It flies slowly with its head facing downwards to see its prey. It mostly eats large apple snails. 

The snail kite lives in tropical South America, the Caribbean, and central and southern Florida in the United States. It nests in a bush or on the ground and lays 3–4 eggs.

Old World vulture

Old World vultures belong to the family Accipitridae. This family also includes eagles, buzzards, kites, and hawks.

Old World vultures are not closely related to New World vultures and condors. They do not share that group's good sense of smell. 

Both Old World and New World vultures are scavenging birds. They feed mostly from carcasses of dead animals. Old World vultures find carcasses only by sight. Many vultures have a bald head, with no feathers or short down feathers. Because of how a vulture eats, their head is spattered with blood and other fluids. They are able to keep clean by not having long feathers on their head.

There are two groups of Old World vultures. The first group has the Egyptian vulture, bearded vulture, and palm-nut vulture. Some scientists put this group into a separate subfamily called "Gypaetinae", which means "eagle-vultures". It is related to the group of bazas, honey-buzzards and cuckoo-hawks, which are much smaller birds. The second group has all the other species. It is related to the booted eagles, which is a group of eagles that have feathers on their legs down to their toes. 

The palm-nut vulture is unusual, because it feeds mainly on the fruit of the oil palm. 

Genus "Gypaetus"
Genus "Neophron"
Genus "Gypohierax"

Genus "Aegypius"
Genus "Gyps"
Genus "Necrosyrtes"
Genus "Sarcogyps"
Genus "Torgos"
Genus "Trigonoceps"

Kite (bird)

Kites are raptors. They have long wings and weak legs. They spend most of the time soaring. Most feed mainly on carrion. Some take live prey.

They are birds of prey which, along with hawks and eagles, are from the family Accipitridae.


A few of the Perninae are also called kites.


Buzzard

A buzzard in biology is a member of the genus Buteo. In general talk it may be one of several large birds.

In the Old World buzzard can mean:

In the New World 'buzzard' may mean:

Scientifically, these are all buzzards.


Sacred kingfisher

The sacred kingfisher ("Todiramphus sanctus") is a medium sized woodland kingfisher. 

They live in mangroves, woodlands, forests, and river valleys in Australia, New Zealand, and other parts of the western Pacific. In New Zealand the species is also known by its Māori name Kōtare.

The sacred kingfisher is mostly turquoise, with white underparts and collar feathers. Both sexes are similar. The females are usually more dull colored. Juveniles have rusty-brown edges on the collar and underparts. The bird is long. They feed on insects, small crustaceans, fish, small rodents and reptiles. Usually, a bird will sit on a low branch and wait for prey to pass by. It swoops down to grab the prey and returns to its perch to eat, much like a hawk.

Once a pair of birds has mated, both members of the pair dig the nest. The nest is usually on a burrow in a river bank or a large, empty branch. The female lays about five eggs. Both birds incubate the eggs and take care of the young.

Bill Finnegan

William Robinson "Bill" Finnegan (June 29, 1928 in Kansas City, Missouri November 28, 2008 in Sag Harbor, New York) was an American television and movie producer who is well known for his works in "The Fabulous Baker Boys", "Hawaii Five-O", and "Reality Boys". He was a five time Emmy Award nominee. He was born in Kansas City, Missouri on June 29, 1928. He died from Parkinson's disease in Sag Harbor, New York on November 28, 2008, aged 80.




Operation Barbarossa

Operation Barbarossa (, named after Frederick I) was the code name for the European Axis invasion of the Soviet Union during World War II. It began on 22 June 1941. More than 3 million men attacked along the 2,900 km front, which made it the largest military invasion in human history. It also involved 600,000 motor vehicles and 750,000 horses.

In the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact of 1939 Germany and the Soviet Union agreed not to fight each other. Planning for the German surprise attack started in December 1940. The attack was to start on May 15, and its main objective was to destroy the Soviet military power. Some Nazi ideological goals were included, as were Soviet deposits of natural resources, which would be helpful to keep fighting the war against the Allies.

Even though the Soviet Red Army suffered huge losses, the attack did not complete its objectives. The Germans held some of the most important economic areas of the Soviet Union, mainly in Ukraine. However, the Germans were pushed back from Moscow. 

The German attack opened the Eastern Front, which in Russia is called the "Great Patriotic War". In the following years Axis powers could not do another attack as large and long as Operation Barbarossa.


Operation Barbarossa was the largest military operation in human history by the number of men involved and by the number of people who died. The operation opened a theatre in which more men were involved than any other in history.

Hoxne

Hoxne (pronounced 'Hoxen') is an ancient village in Suffolk, England, about five miles (8 km) east-southeast of Diss, Norfolk

The area around the village is of great archaeological significance. 

The village is also home to The Swan Inn. The Swan occupies a 15th Century, Grade II listed lodge, formerly known as Bishops Lodge. This pub is set at the bottom end of the village green, near Saint Edmund's memorial and bridge. Built in 1480 by the Bishop of Norwich, The Swan has a long history; both the restaurant and bars reflect Hoxne's ecclesiastical past, with ornate ceiling beams and wide-planked floors.

Type (biology)

In biology, a type is a specimen, or example, of a specific living thing or taxon, which is a group of specific living things. For example, if a scientist catches one frog that is not any species of frog already known, then that frog is the "type" of a new species of frog. That species will have a new scientific name. In older English writings from before 1900, plant scientists used the word type for groups of specific living things instead of specimens.

A taxon is a group of living things with a scientific name. Taxons can be small or large. A species is a taxon. A genus is a taxon. A kingdom is a taxon. Taxons are based on detailed, published descriptions and on type material. Scientists show the type material to other scientists so tehy can study it. They usually do this by putting the material in museums' research collections.

The International Code of Zoological Nomenclature (ICZN) and the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants (ICN) make rules for type specimens. In these rules, the scientific name of every taxon is almost always based on just one "specimen". Types are usually specimens that are kept in a museum or herbarium research collection. These types are usually whole organisms in a preservative, for example alcohol. Sometimes they are just pictures of the organisms. Describing species and appointing type specimens is part of scientific nomenclature and alpha taxonomy.

Depending on the naming code for the organism, a type can be a specimen, a culture, a drawn picture, or (for bacteria) a description.

For example, in the research collection of the Natural History Museum in London, there is a bird specimen numbered 1886.6.24.20. This is the specimen for the spotted harrier, "Circus assimilis". This specimen is the holotype for that species; the name "Circus assimilis" is, by definition, the species of that particular specimen.

Scientists do not need to make sure that the specimen they use as a type is a "typical" individual in that taxon. The type can be a different color from other members of its taxon. It can be deformed or different.

The use of the term "type" is complicated because botany and zoology use it differently. In the "PhyloCode", type-based definitions are replaced by phylogenetic definitions.

The type locality is the place where the scientists found the type specimen.

In some older books about taxonomy, writers use the word "type" differently. Some use it to mean "taxon."



Type species

The term type species is used in the scientific naming of living things, and is part of a system using a so-called "type".

The type system is central to the scientific naming of living things (organisms). How exactly it works is different depending on exactly what living thing is considered, but in a very general (and imprecise) sense it may be said that it fixes each name "to a particular specimen", the type specimen. This helps in finding out what particular name is to be used for a particular living thing (or a group of living things, a taxon). There are international Codes of nomenclature which set out exactly how types are to be designated and used.

For animals, the type species of a genus (or subgenus) is the type of that genus (or subgenus). The species (hopefully) has a specimen (or in some cases a group of specimens) as its type, so the type species is the link between a genus (or subgenus) and a type specimen.

For algae, fungi and plants, it is different: the type species of a genus is the species that has the same type (specimen or illustration) as the genus. For example, "Malus sylvestris", the European Wild Apple, is the type species of the genus "Malus". Thus, for algae, fungi and plants, a type species plays no great role; it is not an official term, but only a term of convenience.

Type site

In archaeology, a type site (or type-site, or typesite) is a site that is typical of a particular archaeological culture. A type site contains artifacts which are typical of that culture. Type sites are often the first or foundational site discovered about the culture they represent. 

For example, the type site of the Pre-Pottery Neolithic A culture is Jericho, in the West Bank. The type site of the pre-celtic/Celtic Bronze Age Hallstatt culture is the lakeside village of Hallstatt, Austria.

In geology the term is used similarly for a site considered to be typical of a particular rock formation, etc. The use of this term is similar to that of the type specimen in biology. 

Sportsperson

A sportsperson, also known as sportsmen or sportswomen, is a person who is involved in sports. It may mean someone who is known for the promotion of sport or athletic activities. 

A sportsperson can be a man or a woman who is person trained to compete or interested in a sport involving physical strength, speed or endurance. A sportsman is a player in a sport; but the term also means someone who plays sport in a way that shows respect and fairness towards the opposing player or team. 

The term sportsman can also be used to describe a former competitor who continues to promote the sport in later years. For example, Tsunekazu Takeda is a sportsman who competed in two Summer Olympic Games and who was the President of the Japanese Olympic Committee before he was elected to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in 2012. 

Sportspeople may be professionals or amateurs. Sportsmen and sportswomen often have particularly well-developed physiques obtained by extensive physical training and strict exercise accompanied by a strict dietary regimen, but term is also used more broadly. For example, Hou Yifan was honored in 2011 as the best sportsperson of the year in a non-Olympic event.

The term athlete may be used as a synonym for sportspeople in general, but the word has strong connotations of people who compete in team sports, as contrasted with other sporting types such as horse riding and driving. For example, a fisherman may be called a sportsman, but not an athlete. In British English (as well as other variants in the Commonwealth) athlete can also have a more specific meaning of people who compete in traditional athletics (track and field) events.

The term "World's Greatest Athlete" was first to describe the sportsman Jim Thorpe in the 1912 Summer Olympics at Stockholm in Sweden. Thorpe won the gold medal in the decathlon. When King Gustav V of Sweden awarded Thorpe, he said, "You, sir, are the greatest athlete in the world." 

The title of "World's Greatest Athlete" traditionally belongs to the world's top competitor in the decathlon (males) and heptathlon (females) in track and field. These competitions require an sportsman to possess the whole spectrum of athletic ability in order to be successful including speed, strength, coordination, jumping ability, and endurance.


Salt-n-Pepa

Salt-n-Pepa are an American hip hop trio. They started in New York City in 1985. Among their hit singles are "None of Your Business", "Whatta Man", "Push It" and "You Showed Me". The group have gone through several lineup changes since their starting. They released their first album "Hot, Cool & Vicious" in 1986. "None of Your Business" won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group in 1995.

Volkswagen Bora

The Volkswagen Bora is a car produced by Volkswagen. It replaced the Vento in 1998, and was replaced by the Jetta in 2005.


Audi 80

The Audi 80 was a car produced by Audi from 1972 to 1994. It was replaced by the Audi A4.

Miki Kanie

Kanie was part of a team which won the bronze medal in women's archery at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

This was Japan's first Olympic medal in any team archery event.


Kaori Kawanaka

Kawanaka was part of a team which won the bronze medal in women's archery at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

This was Japan's first Olympic medal in any team archery event.


Ryohei Kato

He is the son of Hiroyuki Kato who is the Olympic team coach for gymnastics.

Kato was part of a team which won the team silver medal in gymnastics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.



Néstor Carbonell

Nestor Gastón Carbonell (born December 1, 1967 in New York City, New York) is an American television and movie actor. He is known for playing Richard Alpert in "Lost", and for playing Mayor Anthony Garcia in Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight" (2008) and in "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012). He is also known for his role in "Suddenly Susan", and as Batmanuel in "The Tick".

Carbonell was born on December 1, 1967 in New York City, New York to a Spanish family. Carbonell was educated at Harvard University. He has been married to Shannon Kenny since 2001. They have two children together.


Amuca tribe

The Amuca tribe (), (), is one of the Alevism-Bektashi groups of the Turkish tribes of the Oghuz Turks who traces back to Gündüz Bey older Brother to Osman I. This was a group of people in the Ottoman Empire which moved from Anatolia to the Balkans. At the end of 14th century, this clan settled in Thrace. Today they live in Kırklareli Province. The first founded village of this tribe was Keşirlik, located in the Mahya Dağı. The Men are wellknown Wrestlers in Turkish Oil Wrestling. 

Kazuhito Tanaka

Tanaka was part of a team which won the team silver medal in gymnastics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.



Sportsmanship

Sportsmanship is traditional value in sports and competition. It means playing clean and handling both victory and defeat with grace, style, and dignity.

Sportsmanship is generally understood to include

The ideal of sportsmanship argues that "it doesn't matter whether you win or lose, but how you play the game".

Sportsmanship can be different depending on the game itself or the culture of the group. For example, in the sport of cricket, a player will sometimes acknowledge that he is out by walking off the field, even though the umpires (game officials) had thought that he was not out. In another example, a tennis player who sees a ball go in but is called out by the linesperson could concede the point or suggest the opponent make a challenge, as was the case with professional tennis player Jack Sock on at least two occasions.
In the context of the Olympic Games, athletes are expected to do their best. Otherwise, they would go against the Olympic motto of "Faster, Higher, Stronger".


In the London Olympics, some athletes attempted to lose their badminton matches, including


Multi-touch

In computing, multi-touch is the name for a piece of technology that lets you use a trackpad or touchscreen by pressing on more than one place on the screen at one time. This often lets you do things that you could not do by other ways, such as pinch to zoom.

One of the first products to have multi-touch was the iPhone. Its iOS operating system was meant to be used using gestures such as tapping, pinching, spreading, rotating, and more. At the time, Apple, the company who made the iPhone, tried to register the word "multi-touch" as a trademark, but they could not do so as the term became used by everyone else.

Today, multi-touch can be found on many electronic devices with touchscreens, such as smartphones, tablet computers, and even some PCs.

Pierre de Coubertin medal

The Pierre de Coubertin medal is awarded by the International Olympic Committee and recognizes those who demonstrate the spirit of sportsmanship in the Olympic Games. The medal is not the same award as the Pierre de Coubertin World Trophy, which is awarded by the International Fair Play Committee.


Iberian lynx

The Iberian lynx ("Lynx pardinus") is a feline. It is similar to other versions of the genus "Lynx". The Iberian lynx has almost no threats except man, but it is almost extinct. It is the most endangered cat species in the world.

Iberian lynx hunt rabbits. One of the strategies aimed at saving the species is to change the use of land in such a way that it becomes more attractive to rabbits, which can then be hunted by the lynx. This strategy also benefits other endangered species, such as the Spanish imperial eagle.

In 2014, the Iberian lynx is treated as a species inside the famly of lynx by many biologists, mainly because of its independent development on the Iberian peninsula. This has not always been the case: Beforehand, it was seen as a subspecies of the Eurasian Lynx.

In 2002, the Jerez Zoo confirmed it had three females and was developing a plan for a captive breeding program. One of those females was Saliega, captured as a cub in April 2002. She became the first Iberian lynx to breed in captivity, giving birth to three healthy kittens on March 29, 2005 at the El Acebuche Breeding Center, in the Doñana Nature Park in Huelva, Spain. Over the following years, the number of births grew and additional breeding centers were opened. In March 2009, it was reported that 27 cubs had been born since the beginning of the program. In 2009, the Spanish government planned to build a €5.5 million breeding center in Zarza de Granadilla. Portugal established a breeding center in Silves.

There were 14 surviving cubs in 2008 and 15 in 2009. In 2010, intense rain and health issues resulted in lower reproductive success—14 born, 8 surviving—but the next year, breeding centers recorded 45 births with 26 surviving kittens. In 2012, breeding centers in Portugal and Spain reported a total of 44 survivors from 59 births, while 2013 saw a total of 44 survivors out of 53 born.

In March 2013, it was reported that Iberian lynx embryos and oocytes had been collected and preserved for the first time. They were collected from Saliega and another female—both sterilized and retired from the breeding program—by Berlin's Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research and stored in liquid nitrogen at the Museo Nacional de Ciencias Naturales de Madrid (CSIC) for possible future breeding.


Suzy Bogguss

Susan Kay "Suzy" Bogguss (born December 30, 1956 in Illinois), is an American country and folk singer and musician. She was popular in the 1980s and 1990s. During that time she had one platinum record, three gold records and six top ten songs. She last appeared on "Billboard" Hot Country Singles Chart around 2001. She has continued to record albums and songs in the country and rock areas.

At the 1992 Country Music Association Awards, Bogguss won the Horizon Award.

Vivica A. Fox

Vivica Anjanetta Fox (born July 30, 1964 in South Bend, Indiana) is an American movie and television producer and actress. 

Fox' breakthrough came in 1996, with roles in two box-office hit films, Roland Emmerich's "Independence Day" and F. Gary Gray's "Set It Off". She later starred in films "Booty Call" (1997), "Soul Food" (1997), "Why Do Fools Fall in Love" (1998), "Kingdom Come" (2001), "Two Can Play That Game" (2001), and "Boat Trip" (2002). Fox played Vernita Green in" Kill Bill", and played supporting parts in films like "Ella Enchanted" (2004).

Fox has appeared in numerous television shows, including Empire and The Young and the Restless.

Stardust (song)

"Stardust" is an American popular song It was composed in 1927 by Hoagy Carmichael. In 1929, Mitchell Parish added lyrics. At first, the song was called "Star Dust". Carmichael was the first person to record the song. He recorded it at the Gennett Records studio in Richmond, Indiana. The song is "a song about a song about love".

Many musicians recorded this song. Artie Shaw recorded it with his big band.


Andalién River

The Andalién River is a river in the province of Concepción in Chile. It crosses part of the communes of Concepción, Talcahuano and Penco, ending at the Bay of Concepción. The total length of the river is 130 km with a basin area of 780 km² and the average discharge is 10–300 m³/s.



Howard Dean

Howard Brush Dean III (born November 17, 1948) is a Democratic Party member. 

He held office with the Democratic National Committee from 2005 to 2009. Before that, he was Governor of Vermont (1991 to 2003). Dean ran, without success, for United States President during 2004. However, the "Dean Scream", which happened during a campaign rally, ruined his chances. 

Mike Kellogg

Michael "Mike" Kellogg (September 27, 1941 – June 25, 2023) was a senior announcer with Moody Radio and host for "Music Through the Night".

Kellogg was born in Cedarville, Ohio. He was later educated at Cedarville College in Cedarville, Ohio. Kellogg moved to Chicago, Illinois.

Kellogg first wanted to be a writer who later got a job for a newspaper company at a young age, and was later writing for the broadcasting company in Chicago. Kellogg began his career in the late 1980s when "Music Through the Night" was also created. In late 1982 Kellogg was hired to be host of "Music Through the Night". Kellogg now speaks to the late-night listener, presenting a relaxed yet relaxed direct message of the fullness of a life of religion. Besides "Music Through the Night", Kellogg can also be heard in a two minute radio program "Today in the World".

In 1980, Kellogg was given the Religion in Media Award for his dramatic role in the radio for "Treasures in the Snow".

He was married to Nancy Kellogg whom he had six children, and ten grandchildren. Kellogg lived in Valparaiso, Indiana. Kellogg is an educator of religion.

Kellogg died in Valparaiso on June 25, 2023, at the age of 81.

Theresa Russell

Theresa Russell (born March 20, 1957 in San Diego) is an American actress. She has done many movies. Some of the better-known ones are "The Last Tycoon" (1976), "Black Widow" (1987) and "Spider-Man 3" (2007).

Russell was married to British movie director Nicolas Roeg (born 1928) from 1982 until they divorced.

Crystal Bernard

Crystal Bernard (born September 30, 1961) is an American sitcom actress. She also does other television acting. She is best known for her role in the NBC sitcom "Wings".


Call Me Maybe

"Call Me Maybe" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Carly Rae Jepsen. It is the first song on her EP "Curiosity" (2012). It is the third song on her second album "Kiss" (2012). The song was written by Jepsen and Tavish Crowe as a folk song, but its genre (style of music) was changed to pop after the production by Josh Ramsay. It was released as the first single from the EP on 20 September 2011, through 604 Records. Jepsen was later signed to Schoolboy Records and the song was released in the United States. Call Me Maybe is about love at first sight.

"Call Me Maybe" reached number one on the charts in Australia, Canada, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Hungary, Ireland, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Poland, Slovakia, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. It reached the top three in Austria, Belgium (Flanders & Wallonia), Germany, Israel, Japan, Netherlands, Norway, and Sweden. "Call Me Maybe" made Carly Rae Jepsen the fifth Canadian artist to reach number one on the Canadian Hot 100 since 2007. In the United States, "Call Me Maybe" is the first number one by a female Canadian artist on the Billboard Hot 100 chart since "Girlfriend" by Avril Lavigne in 2007.

"Call Me Maybe"'s music video was directed by Ben Knechtel. In the video, Carly Rae Jepsen wants the attention of an attractive boy. At the end of the video, the boy is revealed to be attracted to a male band member. To promote the song, Carly Rae Jepsen sang it on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show. "This was Carly Rae Jepsen's first time on US television. Jepsen also sang the song at the 2012 "Billboard" Music Awards. "Call Me Maybe" has been covered by many singers including Kelly Clarkson, Fun, Big Time Rush, Lil Wayne and Cody Simpson. "Call Me Maybe" has been parodied by Cookie Monster and some of the news staff of National Public Radio. "Call Me Maybe" was covered on "The New Rachel", the first episode of the fourth season of "Glee".

