"Call Me Maybe" was nominated for two Grammy Awards in 2013: Song of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance. On 11 December 2012, "Call Me Maybe" was chosen as "Song of the Year" for 2012 by MTV. In 2012, "Billboard" magazine ranked the song #2 in the Hot 100 Songs, Digital Songs, and Canadian Hot 100 charts. On all three charts it was behind "Somebody That I Used to Know", a song by Gotye featuring Kimbra. "Call Me Maybe" sold over 12 million copies in 2012, so it was the best-selling song in the world that year. It was the best-selling single on the iTunes Store in 2012. "Call Me Maybe" had sold over 18 million copies by July 2015. It is the best selling song of the 21st century by a female artist. "Call Me Maybe" was the best-selling digital single of 2012. It is the seventh best-selling digital single ever.

"Call Me Maybe" was written by Carly Rae Jepsen and Tavish Crowe as a folk song when they were on tour. Jepsen said that writing the song was easy, and that she wasn't "over-thinking it. We brought in Josh, and he helped us kind of pop-ify it."

"Call Me Maybe" was recorded at the Umbrella Studios in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.

"Call Me Maybe" was first released in just Canada on 20 September 2011. In December 2011, singers Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez heard the song on the radio. They shared the song through Twitter. This brought attention to Carly Rae Jepsen and "Call Me Maybe". Jepsen was signed by Scooter Braun to his record label, Schoolboy Records. Interscope Records helped to release "Call Me Maybe" around the world.

Blue Chips

Blue Chips is a 1994 sports drama movie about basketball. It stars Nick Nolte and Shaquille O'Neal. Nolte plays a basketball coach whose by-the-book recruitment methods run afoul of substandard school officials. O'Neal plays Neon Bodeau, an innocent basketball player.

Michael Michele

Michael Michele (born August 30, 1966 near Evansville, Indiana) is an American television and movie actress. She played Selina in the 1991 movie "New Jack City". She acted in the medical drama "ER" and in "Gossip Girl".

Cassius Dio

Lucius Cassius Dio Cocceianus (, c. AD 150 – 235), known in English as Cassius Dio, Dio Cassius, or Dio (Dione. lib) was a Roman consul. He was active as a historian writing in Greek. Dio published a history of Rome in 80 volumes, beginning with the legendary arrival of Aeneas in Italy through the subsequent founding of Rome (753 BC), the formation of the Republic (509 BC), and the creation of the Empire (31 BC), up to AD 229; a period of about 1,400 years. Of the 80 books, written over 22 years, many survive into the modern age intact or as fragments. Modern scholars still use them to get a detailed understanding of Ancient Roman history.

Sharon Lawrence

Sharon Lawrence (born June 29, 1961) is an American actress who became notable when she starred in "NYPD Blue". She also acted in other programs.

Lismore, New South Wales

Lismore is a town in northeastern New South Wales, Australia and is in the Aboriginal Bundjalung Nation. It is on the Bruxner Highway, and the state capital city of New South Wales, Sydney is to the south by highway. The state capital city of Queensland is north.

Southern Cross University is based in Lismore, so there are a lot of students from around the state and country. There are six high schools and three primary schools as well a school which has students from Kindergarten all the way through to Year 12.

Michael Roark

Michael Sean Roark (born May 9, 1983) is an American actor and lawyer.




Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-1

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-1 is a Soviet fighter aircraft. It first entered into the Soviet Air Force in 1941.

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-3

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-3 is a Soviet fighter aircraft. It first entered into the Soviet Air Force in 1941.

Mary Ann Mobley

Mary Ann Mobley (February 17, 1939 – December 9, 2014) was an American television and movie actress. She appeared in the sitcoms "Designing Women" and "Diff'rent Strokes", and in other television programs. She was Miss America 1959. She was married to actor Gary Collins until his death in 2012.

Mobley died at her home in Beverly Hills, California from breast cancer, aged 75.


Mikoyan-Gurevich DIS

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG DIS is a Soviet fighter aircraft. Two prototypes were made and the program was cancelled.

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-9

MiG-9 Fargo is a Soviet fighter aircraft. It first entered into the Soviet Air Force in 1946.

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-23

MiG-23 Flogger is a Soviet interceptor-fighter aircraft. It first entered the Soviet Air Force in 1970. This is the first MiG that has variable geometry swing-wings, meaning that you can control the wings to be at a certain angle. The MiG-23 was a replacement for the MiG-21. It was used by Iraq in the Iran-Iraq War, the Kuwait Invasion, and the Gulf War. Today, it is still used, but not as much as other modern jets.

Mikoyan MiG-27

MiG-27 Flogger is a Soviet ground-attack aircraft. It first entered the Soviet Air Force in 1975. This plane's design is similar to the MiG-23. This plane was mostly used in the Soviet Union and it successor states. Today, the Kazakh Air Force is the only user of the MiG-27.

Mikoyan MiG-31

MiG-31 Foxhound is a Soviet/Russian interceptor aircraft. It first entered into the Soviet Air Force in 1982.


Sukhoi Su-35

Sukhoi Su-35 is a Russian fighter aircraft. It first entered the Russian Air Force in 2010.

Mule deer

The mule deer ("Odocileus hemionus") is a species of deer. They are sometimes called black-tailed deer. They live in western North America. Their name was given to them because of their mule-like ears. There are many subspecies, including the black-tailed deer. Unlike the white-tailed deer, mule deer lives on land west of the Missouri River. They also live in the Rocky Mountains region of North America. Mule deer have been introduced to Argentina.

The mule deer's favorite food is new plants that grow in the spring. They eat a large number of their yearly calories during spring feeding. Because spring comes later in colder places, the mule deer move from warmer to colder places so they spend the most where there are spring plants to eat. Scientists call this "green wave surfing." According to scientists from the University of Wyoming, by migrating, mule deer can eat spring plants for 120 days in a year with lots of rain and 60 days in a year with very little rain. The deer are very good at figuring out where the spring growth will be and when it will be there, even when it is different from the last year. The scientists also say that climate change is putting the deer in danger by causing more years with very little rain.


Haitian Creole

Haitian Creole is a type of Creole language spoken by about 13 million people, mostly Haitians and the Haitian diaspora. Most of its vocabulary is derived from French. This language is called Kreyòl Ayisien by those who speak it.

The language started in Haiti by contact between the colonizers, who spoke French, and the black people they enslaved, who spoke African languages. The African influences in Haitian Creole can be noticed in the sound, syntax, and vocabulary.

In Haiti, the upper classes have often disrespected Haitian Creole even though they speak it, but the language has recently started to become more accepted. There are more books in Haitian Creole, and it was finally acknowledged in Haiti's constitution in 1987.

Mountain goat

The mountain goat ("Oreamnos americanus") is a species of goats. They are also known as the Rocky Mountain goat. They live in North America. They are part of the genus "Oreamnos". They like to live on high elevations. Mountain goats are great at climbing, and will rest on rocky cliffs. They do this so predators cannot get them.

The mountain goat wanders the mountains alone, and meets only to mate. It eats grasses, lichens, and leaves. It is 3–4 ft. at the shoulder (90-120 centimeters.) The mother mountain goat is called a nanny, and the male is called a billy, the baby is called a kid.

Their thick undercoat, and long white overcoat, protects them from blustery wind, and harsh weather that often occurs in their mountainous habitat. Both male and female have short, strong, legs that have large black hooves on the end. The billy had long slender horns that measure approximately 1 foot. The nannies have slightly longer horns. The female uses her horns to defend her young. She will often dominate the territory, and the male will leave her alone.

The female mountain goat, or nanny, becomes pregnant in November, the only month they are together, and gives birth to her kid six months, or half a year, later. The nanny will protect her young for a while and eventually the kid will leave his mother. He will most likely not know his father. They are alone for most of the year except for November which is the mating month.

Raedeke, Kenneth J. "Mountain goat." World Book Advanced. World Book, 2012.Web. 20 Dec. 2012.


Bighorn sheep

The bighorn sheep ("Ovis canadensis") is a species of sheep that lives in the western half of North America. Their name comes from their large horns. Their horns can weigh up to 30 pounds (14 kg). However, the sheep themselves weigh up to 300 pounds (140 kg). 

Genetic testing showed that there are three subspecies of bighorn sheep:

Adult male bighorn sheep can weigh 350 lbs (159 kg) and stand 40 inches (102 cm) tall at the shoulder. Adult female sheep are as heavy as 250 lbs (113 kg). They are grayish brown to dark brown in color with white faces and rear ends. This makes them difficult to see when the ground is part snow and part grass.

Their hooves are rough on the bottom. This allows the sheep to climb, walk, and jump in steep, rocky places.

All bighorn sheep have horns. They stay on their heads their whole lives. They do not fall off the way antlers do. Male bighorn sheep have large, curved horns that curl around their faces. Female bighorn sheep have shorter horns with sharp points.

Bighorn sheep live in herds. Male sheep live in herds with only other adult males. These are called bachelor herds. Female sheep live in herds with other adult females and lambs. When male sheep are two years old, they leave their mother's herd and find a bachelor herd.

Bighorn sheep eat many kinds of plants. They have four-part stomachs. They feed on plants in lowlands and then go back to the rocks, where they can chew their cud and digest the food. Desert sheep can eat cacti.

When it is time for the sheep to mate, the adult male rams run toward each other and hit each other with their horns. This makes a loud noise. The rams' skulls are thick and strong.

Bighorn sheep live up to 14 years.

Golden eagles, mountain lions, bears, Canada lynxes, and coyotes eat bighorn sheep. Bighorns can also die when lungworm parasites give them pneumonia.

The bighorn sheep came from Siberia. They crossed to North America over the Bering land bridge. The population grew in the millions.

Native Americans used bighorn sheep for food and made things out of their skins. It became part of the mythology of many groups of Native Americans.

By 1900, the population got smaller to several thousands. Almost all the bighorn sheep in the Rocky Mountains died in the 1800s and early 1900s. Hunters killed them for meat and horns. Bighorn sheep caught diseases from ranch sheep. Many organizations, including the Boy Scouts of America, have helped increase the population.


Dominican Spanish

Dominican Spanish is Spanish as it is spoken in the Dominican Republic and by the Dominican diaspora.

Dominican Spanish is based on Canarian and Andalucian dialects from south Spain but with some influences from West African languages. The indigenous Arawak language left very little influence on the language; the only influence they left were some words, mainly for foods and names.

Examples of African-based syntax:

Words such as "mangu" (mashed plantains), "kamboumbo" (basket for clothes), "guineo" or "guinea" (banana), and many more. Note, most of these African words are either Igbo or Kikongo origins. The most dominant African languages that has had the most influence in the formation of the Dominican Spanish is the Igbo, Yoruba, Kongo, Twi, Fon, Ewe, Mandinga, Hausa, Wolof etc. With the syntax being based off the Yoruba language and Mande languages, the phonetics heavily influenced by the Kikongo, and the pronouciations of certain words containing some elements of the Mandingas and the Igbos. Most schollars, just as all of the West Indies have said that the Kikongo language influenced greatly the formation of the Dominican Spanish .

These are some examples of Dominican Spanish. «Note» some of these words or expressions/idioms are of African origin.
Palenquero is a Spanish-African based Creole with Portuguese influences that is spoken in the Caribbean coast of Colombia.

The Eastern Cuban Spanish dialect is remarkably identical to the Dominican Spanish . Many Cubans consider the east part of Cuba as another Dominican Republic due to similar culture.

Julie Brown

Julie Ann Brown (born August 31, 1958) is a comedian and movie actress who often parodies other celebrities. Celebrities included (though not limited to) skater Nancy Kerrigan, singer Madonna and more in her comedy movies. She was especially popular between the mid 1980s until around the early 2000s.

Brown is known for her popular parody song "Homecoming Queen's Got a Gun".


Bristol Airport

Bristol Airport is the commercial airport for the city of Bristol, England, and the area around it. It is in Lulsgate Bottom in North Somerset. It opened as Bristol (Lulsgate) Airport in 1955, from March 1997 to March 2010 it became known as Bristol International Airport. In 2003, the airport drew 45% of its passengers from the former county of Avon area, 13% from Devon, 10% from Somerset. It also has bases for Easyjet and Ryanair. In 2011, it was the ninth busiest airport in the United Kingdom, with 5,780,746 passengers, a 0.6 percent rise compared with 2010.

In March 2010, the airport was given the name Bristol Airport.

The airport specialises in package trips to Spain and other Mediterranean destinations. It has no flights to the London airports, or Manchester Airport or Birmingham Airport. Its passengers come from Scotland, Ireland, and the North East of England. The airport does serve general aviation such as private and business planes.

Forth

Forth (sometimes written FORTH) is a stack-based programming language best known for its use of Reverse Polish notation which greatly simplified the compiler as it required no precedence analysis component.

It was developed by Charles H. Moore in 1969. Forth uses a two component system, an operating system to run the programs, and an editor to write them. Like most other high-level languages, FORTH can produce highly-efficient code.


Summer in the City

"Summer in the City" is a very popular song about summer. It was by The Lovin' Spoonful. Many other musicians have covered the song. It was released in 1966, at which time it hit #1 across the charts of "Billboard" Hot 100. The instrumental bridge of the song features car honking, starting with a Volkswagen Beetle horn and then ending with jackhammer sounds. These sounds were included to represent what summer in the city sounds like. The song was featured in several movies.

Cruel Summer

"Cruel Summer" is a popular song by Bananarama. It was released in 1984 in the United States. It charted higher around the United Kingdom after being released there one year before. The song is about sadness during the summer and wanting to be close to another person. Fourteen years after it came out, Ace of Base did an updated version of this classic.

Teddy Riley

Edward Theodore "Teddy" Riley (born October 8, 1967) is a Grammy Award winning, American singer-songwriter, musician, keyboardist, and record producer. He is credited with the creation of the New Jack Swing. The musicians with whom Riley has been connected include Michael Jackson, Keith Sweat, and Mike Posner.

Riley started a band called Guy with Aaron Hall and Timmy Gatling in 1987. They have released three albums. In 1994 Riley started another band called Blackstreet. They have released four albums. Riley co-produced half of Michael Jackson's 1991 album "Dangerous". It is the best-selling new jack swing album ever released.

Emma Thomas

Emma Thomas is an English movie producer. She is known for producing movies like "The Prestige", "Batman Begins", "The Dark Knight", "Inception", and "The Dark Knight Rises", in which all movies are directed by her husband Christopher Nolan. She also produced the 2013 movie "Man of Steel". She won an Academy Award in 2024 when the movie she produced, "Oppenheimer" won the Academy Award for Best Picture.

Born in London, England, she was educated at University College London where she meet her husband Christopher Nolan. Her career began in 1997 and has produced almost all of Nolan's films. Thomas married Nolan in 1997. They have four children. They currently live in London, England and Los Angeles, California.

Producer


Sade

Sade (Helen Folasade Adu, OBE, born 16 January 1959) is a British-Nigerian singer-songwriter who has many hit songs. Among them are "No Ordinary Love", "The Sweetest Taboo" and "Paradise", all of them getting high marks on United States music charts.

Sade was born in Nigeria to an English mother and Nigerian father. She moved to Essex at age four. In 2002, Adu was awarded an OBE for services to music, and stated her award was "a great gesture to me and all black women in England".

Henry Cavill

Henry William Dalgliesh Cavill (born May 5, 1983) is an English movie, voice, and television actor. He is known for playing Superman in the DC Extended Universe, beginning in "Man of Steel" (2013).

Cavill was born on 5 May 1983, the fourth of five boys in a Roman Catholic family in Saint Helier, Jersey, in the Channel Islands.[2] His Jersey-born mother, Marianne Dalgliesh, is of Scottish, English and Irish heritage and worked as a secretary in a bank.[3] His father, Colin Cavill, was born in Chester, England and is a former stockbroker.[3][4] He was educated at St Michael's Preparatory School in Saint Saviour, Jersey, before attending Stowe School in Stowe, Buckinghamshire.[5]

He has appeared in the movies "The Count of Monte Cristo", "Stardust", and "Immortals", and played the role of Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk, on the Showtime series "The Tudors", from 2007 until 2010. 

He played Superman in Zach Snyder's 2013 movie "Man of Steel", "", "Justice League" and "Zack Snyder's Justice League".



Michael Shannon

Michael Corbett Shannon (born August 7, 1974 in Lexington, Kentucky) is an American actor. He is a two-time Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor nominee for his roles in "Revolutionary Road" and "Nocturnal Animals". He was a regular on the HBO series "Boardwalk Empire", playing Agent Nelson Van Alden. Shannon played General Zod in Zack Snyder's 2013 movie "Man of Steel" and will play the role again in "The Flash". He plays Colonel Richard Strickland in "The Shape of Water". He also played Walt Thrombey in the crime comedy movie "Knives Out".

Shannon was born in Lexington, Kentucky on August 7, 1974 to Donald S. Shannon and to Geraldine Hine. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. His career began in 1993 in the movie "Groundhog Day".

Shannon married Kate Arrington in 2018. They have two daughters.

24 Hours of Le Mans

The 24 Hours of Le Mans is the world's oldest active sports car race in endurance racing. The race happens each year near the town of Le Mans, France. It was first run in 1923.

The cars must run for 24 hours without mechanical damage. It is important to manage the cars' consumables, mostly fuel, tires and braking materials. The driver goes over two hours behind the wheel before stopping in the pits. Then a relief driver takes over the driving duties. Drivers then eat and rest before returning to drive. Today it is a rule that three drivers share each car.

At the end of the 24 hours, the car which has driven the most laps of the track wins the race. Different types of cars race in different categories. Currently there are four different categories, with the fastest cars racing in the 'LMP1' category.

The race is held in June. This can lead to very hot conditions for the drivers. The race begins in mid-afternoon. The drivers race through the night and following morning. They then finish at the same time the race started, the following day.

Tom Kristensen has won the race 8 times. This is the most of any driver. Porsche cars have won 16 times. This is the most of any car manufacturer.

Motocross

Motocross is a form of motorcycle racing. It is done on an off-road circuit. The sport came from motorcycle trials competitions held in the United Kingdom. Motocross is a physically demanding sport. It is held in all weather conditions and is a high-octane sport.

There are many competitive events in motocross.

Motocross can be dangerous and physically demanding. In order to protect themselves and ride safely, every rider wears gear designed to prevent injury to the body. These include:

Motocross helmets are specially designed to reduce multi-directional impact to the brain and skull. Modern day helmets have a hard outer shell, expanded polystyrene foam liner, inner foam padding and straps to keep it in place.

Goggles help protect the eye from dirt, rocks, dust and other loose particles when riding. This is particularly important since motocross is ridden on outdoor dirt tracks. Motocross goggles have foam liners which seals the eye area, anti-fog lenses and coloured lenses for different light conditions. Goggles also have clear plastic lens covers that can be torn off or rolled off during a race so the goggle remains clean and clear while riding.

Knee braces have padding to protect the rider's knee joint. They can be made from different materials depending but have a solid outer frame with a hinge to adjust over your knees 

Motocross boots are different to regular motorcycle boots. They are designed to protect the rider's legs, feet and ankles from injury and are typically made from thick leather and plastic shielding. They also have plastic panelling, thick rubber soles, sturdy toe protectors and plastic supports. Motocross boots will sometimes feel tight and hard to walk in as they are meant to cover the ankle and feet like a cast for protection 

Tour of Flanders

The Tour of Flanders is a Flanders Classics road cycling race. It is held in Belgium every spring. It is a week before the Paris–Roubaix road race. The Tour of Flanders is part of the UCI World Tour. It is one of the monuments of the European professional calendar. It is the most important cycling race in Flanders. Its nickname is "Vlaanderens mooiste" which is Dutch for "Flanders' finest".

When the race began in 1913 the starting city was Ghent with the end of the race in Mariakerke. It has changed twelve times since then. In 2012 the race starts in Bruges and ends in Oudenaarde.

The race has a number of short, sharp hills. The race gives prizes to the first cyclist to go up 17 of these hills. These hills make the race very challenging.

""Looking back, you get a bit nostalgic, but from a competitive point of view, Flanders was one of the most horrible races to ride but one of the greatest races to win."" - Sean Kelly 


Annabeth Gish

Anne Elizabeth "Annabeth" Gish (March 13, 1971 near Albuquerque, New Mexico) is a television, movie and stage actress. She has acted in many movies, including "Mystic Pizza" (1988) and "Beautiful Girls" (1996). She was born near Albuquerque but was raised near Cedar Falls and Waterloo, Iowa.

Liège–Bastogne–Liège

Liège–Bastogne–Liège is one of the five 'Monuments' of the European professional road cycling calendar. It is often called "La Doyenne" which means "the oldest". It is run in the Ardennes region of Belgium. The race is from Liège to Bastogne and back to Liège.

"Still active are in italic".

Mystic Pizza

Mystic Pizza is a 1988 American romantic comedy-drama movie. It stars Annabeth Gish and Julia Roberts. The movie is about teenage girls who work in a pizza parlor in Connecticut. The movie received very positive reviews and has become a cult classic.

Dunkin' Donuts

Dunkin' Donuts, often abbreviated as DD and officially known as simply Dunkin', is an American multinational franchise based in Canton, Massachusetts. 

The company started as a traditional donut shop, selling doughnuts and coffee. Later, they added flavored coffee and iced coffee. They also began to sell breakfast sandwiches: these contain egg, cheese, and pork (bacon, ham, or sausage), on bread (bagel, croissant, or English muffin). With the addition of breakfast sandwiches, Dunkin' Donuts has since become a popular spot for a quick breakfast. 

The franchise was established around 1950, in Quincy, Massachusetts. As of 2010, over ten thousand Dunkin' Donuts locations exist worldwide. Their largest market outside of the United States is in South Korea. Its name was officially changed to simply Dunkin' in 2019.

Notes

Ichikawa Raizō VIII

Ichikawa Raizō (, 29 August 1931 - 17 July 1969), also called Ichikawa Raizō VIII (), was a Japanese movie actor, kabuki actor, and television actor.


Benbecula

Benbecula () is an island of the Outer Hebrides in the Atlantic Ocean off the west coast of Scotland. It forms part of the area administered by the Western Isles Council.

In the 2001 census it had a resident population of 1,249, with a sizable percentage of Roman Catholics. This is slightly unusual because the Highlands and Islands is generally the religious territory of the Wee Frees, the Free Church of Scotland and its various offshoots.

Free Church of Scotland

The Free Church of Scotland is the general name given to groups of worshippers who broke off from the official Church of Scotland. All these Scottish churches are Presbyterian, based on the ideas of John Knox, and do not have permanent leaders such as Popes or bishops. The breakaway groups, like the Church of Scotland itself, base their beliefs on the Bible, but differ in how it should be understood. As a general rule, all the Wee Frees read the Bible in a fairly literal way, more so than the Church of Scotland.

The main free churches are:

The English Patient (movie)

The English Patient is a 1996 British-American romantic drama movie based on the novel of the same name by Michael Ondaatje. It was written and directed by Anthony Minghella. It stars Joseph Fiennes, Kristin Scott Thomas, Juliette Binoche and Willem Dafoe. This melodrama won many Academy Awards, including Best Picture of the Year.

Husbands and Wives

Husbands and Wives is a 1992 comedy-romance movie. It stars Woody Allen (who also directed) and Mia Farrow. Its subjects are marriage and separation. It was released in the United States on September 18, 1992. It got mixed to positive reviews from audience and critics.

When Harry Met Sally

When Harry Met Sally is a 1989 American romantic comedy movie. It was written by Nora Ephron and directed by Rob Reiner. It stars Billy Crystal as Harry and Meg Ryan as Sally. They are friends in Chicago who, from 1977 to 1989, become a couple. The movie is about relationship problems. It received positive reviews by movie critics and its revenue at the box office was high.

Mo' Better Blues

Mo' Better Blues is a 1990 comedy-drama movie that was directed by and starring Spike Lee. The movie also has Wesley Snipes, Denzel Washington and Samuel L. Jackson starring. The movie relates to pianos, nightclubs and jazz.

Belmopan

Belmopan is the capital city of Belize. There are about 20,000 people living there.

Belmopan is at an altitude of 76 metres (250 ft) above sea level. Belmopan was built just to the east of the Belize River. It is inland from the former capital, the port of Belize City. Belize City was nearly destroyed by Hurricane Hattie in 1961. The government was moved to Belmopan in 1970. Its National Assembly Building is made to look like a Pre-Columbian Maya temple.

The University of Belize has a campus in Belmopan.

Corozal Town

Corozal Town is a town in the nation of Belize. It is the capital of Corozal District. Corozal Town is about 84 miles north of Belize City, and from the border with Mexico. The population of Corozal Town, according to the 2010 census, is 9,871. Corozal was a private estate before becoming a town in the 1840s. It was mostly settled by Mestizo refugees from the Caste War of Yucatán. Much of the town was built over an ancient Maya city. This may have been the original Pre-Columbian town called Chetumal. Corozal Town was badly damaged by Hurricane Janet in 1955. It was mostly rebuilt afterwards. 

Orange Walk Town

Orange Walk Town is the second largest town in the nation of Belize. It has a population of about 13,400. It is the capital of the Orange Walk District. Orange Walk Town is on the left bank of the New River. It is 53 miles north of Belize City and 30 miles (50 km) south of Corozal Town.

In the days of the Mayas, the area was known as Holpatin.

Orange Walk Town is nicknamed "Sugar City". The local Tower Hill Sugar Factory (Belize Sugar Industries) handles all of the country's sugar cane output. The farming of other crops, and tourism, also play a role in the economy.

The region is highly populated by Mestizos, Kriols, Mennonites, Chinese, Taiwanese, Indians, and other people from Central America.

Punta Gorda

Punta Gorda may be:



Erdzeichen

The Erdzeichen () is an artwork on the grounds of Munich Airport by the painter Wilhelm Holderied and the sculptor Karl Schlamminger. According to the artist, the earth sculpture at the airport is meant to be “An Island in Time,” i.e. a symbol of time sequences which are determined by the “primeval energy of the earth.” The ground-level artwork was completed in 1995. It stands in the tradition of archaic earth sculptures and modern works of Land Art, and also calls to mind Smithson’s famous “Spiral Jetty.”

The Earthsign stretches across an area measuring 270 meters by 170 meters. Its furrows are 3.40 meters deep. These furrows and the tall gravel embankments between them circle a central point, continue in a straight row, form a loop and then flow in irregularly undulating lines into the surrounding field, where they end at a straight line.

The artwork was paid for by about 400 donors in a campaign entitled “Be Part of Art.” The aerial archaeological photographer Klaus Leidorf has documented the earth sculpture and the changes which nature and the seasons have brought to it since 1994.


All That

All That is an Canadian sketch-comedy television series. It started on Nickelodeon on April 16, 1994. It ended after ten seasons on October 22, 2005. The show aired weekly. It had comedy sketches and musical guests. The theme song for "All That" was recorded by American trio TLC. At first, the show was taped at the now closed Nickelodeon Studios at Universal Orlando. They moved to Hollywood at the Nickelodeon On Sunset theater. There have been three spin-offs of the show: "The Amanda Show", "Kenan & Kel", and "Drake & Josh", which also were filmed at Nickelodeon On Sunset.

The first episode aired on April 16, 1994, as a "sneak peek". It became a regular series starting on December 24, 1994. It was broadcast worldwide including, the United Kingdom, Australia, India, Japan, Malaysia, Spain, and Canada. There were ten complete seasons of "All That" before it was canceled in 2005. The last episode aired on October 22, 2005. The show started out in the SNICK block until 2004. However, the network changed its time slot into TEENick. Some cast members hosted SNICK as the "On Air Dare", only during commercial breaks.

Nickelodeon (United States) TVO (Canada) Disney Channel (UK and Ireland) ATV (Turkey) Zee TV (India) ABC (Australia) TVNZ (New Zealand) EBS (South Korea) Spacetoon (Indonesia).


Very important person

A very important person (VIP) is a person who is given special privileges due to the status or importance of the person. The term "VIP" (usually pronounced V-I-P) is often used as an abbreviation for very important person. Such a person might be a celebrity, a head of state, a politician, a rich person, or any other person who receives special service for any reason.

The term V.I.P. appeared before World War Two, starting in the Russian emigration. It abbreviated the Russian phrase “"ves'ma imenitaya persona"” which described someone accorded special privileges due to social status or importance.

The Bodyguard

The Bodyguard is a 1992 American musical romantic drama movie starring Whitney Houston and Kevin Costner. 

Although the movie got mixed reviews from movie critics, it did very well at the box office and it became a cult movie.

Houston stars as Rachel Marron, a very successful and popular singer who is the target of an assassin. Costner stars as her bodyguard, who she hired so that he protects her from the assassin. A romantic relationship develops between the two characters.

North Uist

North Uist () is an island and community in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.

North Uist is the tenth largest Scottish island, and the thirteenth largest island surrounding Great Britain. It has an area of , slightly smaller than South Uist. North Uist is connected by causeways to Benbecula via Grimsay, to Berneray, and to Baleshare.

With the exception of the south east, the island is very flat, and covered with a patchwork of peat bogs, low hills and lochs, with more than half the land being covered by water. Some of the lochs contain a mixture of fresh and tidal salt water, giving rise to some complex and unusual habitats.

Loch Sgadabhagh is the largest loch by area on North Uist but Loch Obisary has about twice the volume of water. The northern part of the island is part of the South Lewis, Harris and North Uist National Scenic Area, one of 40 in Scotland.

Faraday's law of induction

Faraday's law of induction is a law of physics proposed by English physicist Michael Faraday in 1831. It is one of the basic laws of electromagnetism. The law explains how generators, transformers and electrical motors work.

Faraday's law of induction says that when a magnetic field changes, it causes a voltage, a difference in the electric potential that can make electric currents flow. That phenomenon was also found by Joseph Henry in 1831.

Imagine we have a closed loop of wire. To figure out how much current will be "induced" (i.e. produced by the magnetic field), we need to define the magnetic flux, a number describing how much of the magnetic field is actually going through the loop. Magnetic fields are vector fields, so they have both a strength and a direction. This leads to the following surface integral:

where

That is, we could imagine filling in the wire loop with a thin surface, like a soap film. This formula tells us to look at every point on that surface, measure how much the magnetic field is pointing straight through the loop at that point, and add up all those measurements to get a single number. That number is the magnetic flux. When the flux changes, it produces electromotive force. The flux changes when B changes or when the wire loop is moved or bent, or when both happen. The electromotive force can then be calculated with the following equation:

Paul Langevin

Paul Langevin (23 January 1872 – 19 December 1946) was a French physicist who was active at the beginning of the 20th century.

He invented sonar and worked with Albert Einstein.

Gene Siskel

Eugene Kal "Gene" Siskel (January 26, 1946 February 20, 1999) was an American movie critic and journalist for the Chicago Tribune. Along with his friend Roger Ebert, they hosted a series of movie review programs from 1975 until his death in 1999.

Siskel was born in Chicago, Illinois and was educated at Yale University. Siskel was married to Marlene Iglitzen in 1980 until his death, they had 3 children; Kate, Calie, and Will. Siskel died from complications from surgery to remove a brain tumor in Evanston, Illinois, aged 53. He is buried at Westlawn Cemetery in Norridge, Illinois.


Donald Pleasence

Donald Henry Pleasence OBE (October 5, 1919 – February 2, 1995) was an English actor. Pleasence was born in Worksop, Nottinghamshire, England. He was raised in Lincolnshire, England. During his career, Pleasence was nominated for four Tony Awards. He won a BAFTA TV Award for Best Actor in 1959. In his whole career, Pleasence appeared in over 200 movies.

He made his first movie "The Dybbuk" in 1952. It was a television movie. He acted in several movies, such as "You Only Live Twice", where he played James Bond villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld, and "The Great Escape". Pleasence is known for his role as Dr. Samuel Loomis in John Carpenter's "Halloween". Since then, he appeared in five out of the six movies of the "Halloween movie series". Pleasence did not appear in "" because it was a different story from the last two movies.

Pleasence died at the age of 75 in Saint-Paul-de-Vence, France, from complications of heart failure. It was following a heart valve replacement surgery.

Pleasence was born Donald Henry Pleasence in Worksop, Nottinghamshire, England on October 5, 1919. His parents were Alice and Thomas Pleasence. Pleasence was raised as a Methodist. He was raised in Lincolnshire, England. Pleasence studied at the Ecclesfield School in Yorkshire, England. 

During World War II, Pleasence was sent to serve in the Royal Air Force. He served with 166 Squadron, RAF Bomber Command. His war plane was shot down in August 1944, during a raid on Agenville. He was placed in the German prisoner-of-war camp. Pleasence was released before the war's end in 1945.

In 1939, Pleasence started working on stage as an assistant stage manager. His first acting job was as Hareton in the stage version of "Wuthering Heights". He worked in theatres in Birmingham and Bristol. Later, Pleasence moved to London. There he appeared as Valentine in "Twelfth Night" in 1942. 

Pleasence's first television work was in "I Want to Be A Doctor" in 1946. In 1954, he played Syme in a BBC adaptation of George Orwell's novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four". The adaptation was by Nigel Kneale. Pleasence played Prince John in several episodes of the ITV series "The Adventures of Robin Hood".

Pleasence made his big-screen debut with the 1954 movie "The Beachcomber". Some early roles include Parsons in "1984" (his second Orwell movie). He also appeared in minor roles such as in "Barnacle Bill" and in "The Wind Cannot Read". In Tony Richardson's movie, "Look Back in Anger", he plays a market inspector.

During the early 1960s, Pleasence recorded several children's-story records. They were released in the United States as "Tale Spinners For Children" by United Artists. The stories included "Don Quixote" and the "Brave Little Tailor". Pleasence did the voice-over for the British Public Information Film, "The Spirit of Dark and Lonely Water" in 1973. He was the author of the 1977 children's book "Scouse the Mouse". 

In his later years, he appeared as Lucas Deranian in Walt Disney's Escape to Witch Mountain, Dr. Loomis in "Halloween", Dr. Kobras in The Pumaman and the President in "Escape from New York". He reprised his Dr. Loomis role in "Halloween II", "", "" and "". Pleasence's acting career ended when he died in 1995.

Pleasence was nominated four times for the Tony Award. He was nominated for Best Performance By a Leading Actor in a Broadway Play. He was nominated in 1962 for Harold Pinter's "The Caretaker", in 1965 for Jean Anouilh's "Poor Bitos", in 1969 for Robert Shaw's "The Man in the Glass Booth", and in 1972 for Simon Gray's "Wise Child".

Pleasence was married four times. He married Miriam Raymond in 1941. They divorced in 1958. He married Josephine Crombie in 1959. They divorced in 1970. He married Meira Shore in 1970. They divorced in 1988. He was last married to Linda J. Kentwood in 1988. Their marriage lasted until Pleasance died in 1995. 

Pleasence had five daughters. He and Raymond had two daughters, Angela and Jean Pleasence. He and Crombie had two daughters, Polly Jo and Lucy. He and Shore had one daughter, Miranda.

Pleasence died from heart failure after heart surgery in Saint-Paul-de-Vence, France on February 2, 1995, aged 75. His remains were later cremated. His last full movie, "" was dedicated in his memory.


List of cities in Indiana

The following is the list of cities in Indiana. Cities marked with an asterisk (*) have a population of at least 35,000 and up to 600,000.

See also List of towns in Indiana.

Big Bend (Florida)

The Big Bend of Florida, U.S.A., is an informal region of the state. There are not official boundaries. 

Dallas, Georgia

Dallas is the county seat of Paulding County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 14,042. It was named for George M. Dallas, Vice President of the United States of America under James K. Polk.


Santa Venera

Santa Venera is a town in Malta. In 2013 the population was about 6,941. This town is in the Outer Harbour Region of Malta. The oldest buildings in Santa Venera are Wignacourt Aqueduct and Casa Leoni. Both of these buildings were built by the Knights of St. John.

The football team of St. Venera is the St. Venera Lightnings. They use the colours of the town: yellow and blue.

Paul Rogers

Paul Rogers (22 March 1917 – 6 October 2013) was an English movie and television actor who has appeared in movies such as; "The Beachcomber", "Our Man in Havana", "Edwin", "The Looking Glass War", and "Billy Budd". 

Rogers was born on March 22, 1917 in Plympton, Devon, England.

Rogers was educated at The Michael Chekhov Theatre Studio. Rogers was currently married to Rosalind Boxall. They two children. He lived in London, England. He has won a Tony Award.

Rogers died on October 6, 2013 in his London, England home from natural causes, aged 96.

San Lorenzo

San Lorenzo is the Italian and Spanish name for Saint Lawrence, the 3rd century Christian martyr. It may also be:























San Lorenzo, Santa Fe

San Lorenzo is a city in the south of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina. It is 23 km north of Rosario, on the western shore of the Paraná River. It is the head town of the San Lorenzo Department. As of 2001 there were about 43,500 people.

San Lorenzo has no certain foundation date. In 1984 the Municipal Council decided to choose 6 May 1796 as the day of formations. This is the date when Franciscan friars came and started the evangelization of the area.

The city was the stage of the Battle of San Lorenzo on 3 February 1813. Troops loyal to the Spanish Crown were defeated by local revolutionaries under General José de San Martín. The 18th century San Carlos Monastery has a museum about this battle. The battle was the first in the Argentine War of Independence.

San Lorenzo is the birthplace of Argentina captain Javier Mascherano.

San Lorenzo Department, Chaco

San Lorenzo is a department of Chaco Province in Argentina. There are about 14,000 people. Its capital city is Villa Berthet. 


Jack Klugman

Jacob Joachim "Jack" Klugman (April 27, 1922 - December 24, 2012) was an American movie, stage and television actor. Klugman played Oscar Madison in the television series "The Odd Couple" from 1970 to 1975. He played the title character in the television series "Quincy, M.E." from 1976 to 1983.

Klugman was born in Philadelphia to Russian Jewish immigrants. He went to Carnegie Mellon University. He started acting after discharge from the United States Army in 1945.

Klugman was married to Brett Somers from 1953 until her death in 2007. They legally separated in 1974, but never divorced. Somers and Klugman had 2 children.

Klugman started living with Peggy Crosby in 1988. They married in February 2008. He was the last surviving actor from the cast of jurors in the original 1957 movie "12 Angry Men".

Klugman was a heavy smoker. He was diagnosed with throat cancer in 1974. In 1989, he lost a vocal cord to cancer. He was left with a quiet, raspy voice. He continued to act on stage and television.

Klugman was 90 when he died on December 24, 2012 in Woodland Hills, California from prostate cancer.

He won three Emmy Awards. Two for the television version of "The Odd Couple" and one for the "Blacklist" episode of "The Defenders". He also won a Golden Globe Award for "The Odd Couple".


Monte San Lorenzo

Monte San Lorenzo, also known as Monte Cochrane, is a mountain on the border between Argentina and Chile. It is in Patagonia. The mountain reaches a height of . The Chilean name of Cochrane comes from the nearby town of Cochrane. This is where climbers often approach the mountain. The peak was first climbed by Alberto María de Agostini in 1943.

The mountain is covered by three large glaciers. There are two in Argentina and one in Chile. The Argentine glaciers show clear evidence of retreat.

San Lorenzo, Tarija

San Lorenzo (or: "Villa San Lorenzo") is a town in the Tarija Department in Bolivia.

San Lorenzo is the administrative center of Eustaquio Méndez Province. It is 2,001 m above sea leavel, on the left bank of Río Tojtiwaysho. It is 15 km north of Tarija, the department capital.

San Lorenzo had a population of more than 3,000 people in 2007.

San Lorenzo was the home of Don Eustaquio Méndez. He was one of the leaders in the fights for Argentina independence. The local museum "Casa del Moto Méndez" shows some of his personal belongings and weapons.


Mary Stuart Masterson

Mary Stuart Masterson (born in New York City, 28 June 1966) is a television actress and movie performer. She acted in the 1991 movie "Fried Green Tomatoes" (which got positive reviews by the critics). Her father was Peter Masterson.

Plasencia

Plasencia is a walled market city in western Spain. , it had a population of 41,447. It is on the bank of the Jerte River. 

The specialities of the local cuisine include "migas" (breadcrumbs with Spanish sausage and bacon), casseroles, stews and tench, an exceptional freshwater game fish.

Festivals include:

Plasencia was the birthplace of: 

Lisa Rinna

Lisa Deanna Rinna (born July 11, 1963) is an American actress, author, fashion designer, television host and television personality. She is best known for her roles as Billie Reed on "Days of our Lives", Taylor McBride on "Melrose Place", and as the host of SoapNet's "Soap Talk".

Extreme (band)

Extreme is an American rock band. They are headed by frontmen Gary Cherone and Nuno Bettencourt. They were popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Among some of Extreme's musical influences are Aerosmith, Led Zeppelin, Queen. 

Extreme had their greatest success with their 1990 album "Pornograffitti". It peaked at number 10 on the Billboard 200. It became gold in May 1991 and 2×platinum in October 1992. That album had the ballad single "More Than Words," which reached No. 1 on Billboard's Hot 100 in the United States.


Extreme Records

Extreme Records is an Australian based record label. 

The label was started by Ulex Xane. They first focused on experimental and industrial music. Roger Richards became involved in 1987. After Xane left, he became director.

Extremes (album)

Extremes is the third studio album released by American country music artist Collin Raye. "Extremes" became platinum in the United States for sales of over one million copies. The singles released from this album were "That's My Story", "Man of My Word", "My Kind of Girl", "If I Were You" and "Little Rock". "My Kind of Girl" was a Number One hit on the Hot Country Songs charts. The other singles all reached Top Ten.

"Dreaming My Dreams with You" is a cover of the Waylon Jennings song. "A Bible and a Bus Ticket Home" was later recorded by Confederate Railroad on their album "Keep On Rockin"'.


History of Bosnia and Herzegovina

In ancient times, Bosnia and Herzegovina was called . It was taken over by the Roman Empire in the 1st and 2nd centuries A.D. The Romans occupied the area until their fall in the 6th century. Then it was part of the Byzantine Empire. After that era it was a part of Hungary. Around 1200 the people revolted and won their independence. It went on to become a Christian state for some 260 years. This was during the crusades.

After that era, the Ottoman Empire was on the rise. It expanded towards the Balkans. The Ottomans defeated the Serbians at the great battle of Kosovo in 1389. They conquered Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1463. They spread the teachings of Muhammad the prophet and Muslim ways in that area. Jewish people also flooded into the area of Sarajevo (the capital). As parts of the Ottoman borders shrank, Bosnia-occupied parts shrank apart. Some countries next to Bosnia fought for their land, like Serbia and Montenegro. At the in 1878, after the Russo-Turkish War, Austria-Hungary was given the rights to occupy and govern Bosnia and Herzegovina and Austria-Hungary annexed it. This brought them into a feud with the Serbs and caused one Serb nationalist to assassinate the Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarajevo on June 18, 1914. This assassination was one of the causes of World War I. Bosnia and Herzegovina was annexed to Serbia. The newly formed kingdom was called . Later it changed to Yugoslavia.

When Yugoslavia was invaded by Nazi Germany 1941, Bosnia and Herzegovina was made a part of Nazi-controlled Croatia. Resistance fighters of Bosnia fought against fascist troops from Croatia in guerrilla battles. At the end of World War II, they were reunited back into Yugoslavia but now under communist rule. Their leader at this point was Marshall Tito. When Marshall Tito died, so did the economy. Economic dissatisfaction grew in Yugoslavia and the Berlin Wall came down, marking an end to an era of the communist rule in much of East Europe.

Yugoslavia began to fall apart. In December 1991, Bosnia was on the brink of war as they declared independence from Yugoslavia. They demanded recognition into the European Union. In 1992, the Bosnian president, Alija Izetbegovic, declared independence. Both Croatia and Serbia claimed parts of Bosnia and had a war to see who occupies Bosnia. Serbia started to execute Muslims. The United Nations stepped in and started to bomb Serbian camps because of the terror-like things the Serbs were doing. The United States set up a peace talk headquarters in Dayton, Ohio. In 1995, the war ended. The Muslim Bosnian President is still in power and a three-part democracy was set up in Bosnia. These three countries still faced problems after the war and NATO takes over peace acts. 

Extreme Pita

Extreme Pita is a Canadian-based fast food chain. It was started by brothers Alex Rechichi and Mark Rechichi in 1997. The headquarters are in Mississauga, Ontario. The company has more than 225 units in Canada and the United States.

Extreme Pita serves pita sandwiches, salads, and pizza-style "flat-baked" pitas. The chain says these types of products are more healthy than the usual fast-food choices. Available ingredients include fresh vegetables, cheeses, meats and vegetarian options such as falafel and hummus.

Voždovac

Voždovac is one of 17 municipalities that make up the City of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.

The neighborhood of Voždovac is 4–5 km south of downtown Belgrade. The name Voždovac come from the word "vožd" which means "leader".

Due to its shape, it borders more municipalities than any other: Vračar on the north, Zvezdara on the north-east, Grocka on the east, Sopot on the south, Barajevo on the south-west, Čukarica and Rakovica on the west and Savski Venac on the north-west.

Voždovac is twinned with the following cities and municipalities:

And has signed friendship charters with following cities and municipalities:

Takashi Ohyama

Ohyama earned a degree in dentistry from TMDU in dentistry in 1966. From 1971 to 1973, he studied at the University of Illinois. 

Ohyama's working career began at TMDU. In 2008, he became the president of the university.


Fez, Morocco

Fes or Fez is the second largest city of Morocco. About 1 million people lived there in 2010. It is the capital of the Fès-Boulemane region. The city has been called the "Mecca of the West" and the "Athens of Africa".

Fez is the former capital. It is one of the country's four "imperial cities". The others are Rabat, Marrakech and Meknes.

"Fas el Bali", one part of the city, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Fes has a football team, MAS Fez. They play in the Botola the highest tier of the Moroccan football system. They play their home matches at the 45,000 seat Complexe Sportif de Fès stadium.

Fez is becoming an increasingly popular tourist destination. Many non-Moroccans are now restoring traditional houses (riads and dars) as second homes in the Fez medina. The most important monuments in the city are:

Fez is twinned with:


Kuwait City

Kuwait City is the capital of Kuwait. It has a population of 2.38 million in the metropolitan area. It is near the center of the country on the shore of the Persian Gulf. It has Kuwait's parliament (Majlis Al-Umma), most governmental offices and the headquarters of most Kuwaiti corporations and banks. 

On August 2, 1990, Iraqi forces invaded Kuwait and took the city. On August 8, Iraq said the emirate was their land. During the occupation, the city was badly damaged. Many buildings were destroyed, including the Kuwait National Museum.

Kuwait City has an arid climate. They have very hot summers, little rainfall, and frequent dust storms.

Kuwait City is twinned with:


Akio Suzuki

Suzuki earned his medical degree from TMDU in 1956. His training continued as a surgical intern in Tokyo at the U.S. Army Hospital. He was a surgical resident at Albany Medical School in New York.

In 1958, his medical career began as a staff surgeon at St Vincent's Hospital in Cleveland, Ohio. 

His academic career began in 1971 as an Associate Professor at the medical school of the University of Mississippi. 

When he returned to Japan in 1974, he was a professor of chest surgery at Juntendo University. 

In 1983, he joined the faculty of TMDU. 

He was named president of TMDU in 1995.

Akio Suzuki Memorial Hall at TMDU is named after the doctor.

Juntendo University

, also known as Jundai, is a private university in Japan.

Jutendo was established in 1838. The medical school started teaching in 1943.

The campus has expanded to several locations, including



Warabimochi

Warabimochi is made of starch, sugar and water and used to be used roots of the "warabi" (one of the Japanese plants). People often eat it with kinako or anmitsu.


Kinako

Kinako itself is not sweet, but people often add sugar into kinako and coat the mixed-one to "wagashi" (Japanese sweets), for example Warabimochi.

The use of "kinako" was recorded during the Yayoi period from 300 BC to 300 AD. 

Tergum

A tergum (plural terga) is the dorsal portion of an arthropod segment other than the head. A given tergum may be divided into hardened plates or sclerites commonly referred to as tergites.

List of hobbies

This is a partial list of hobbies. A hobby is an activity, interest, enthusiasm, or amateur pastime that people do for pleasure or relaxation. It is usually done during one's leisure time. This list includes only recognized hobbies that have been the subject of published discussions or which have organized membership associations.


Harry Reid

Harry Mason Reid (December 2, 1939 – December 28, 2021) was an American politician. He was the United States senator from Nevada from 1987 to 2017. He was a member of the United States Democratic Party, and was their leader in the Senate. Earlier, Reid was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1981 until 1987 and Lieutenant Governor of Nevada between 1971 until 1975.

Reid was born on December 2, 1939 in Searchlight, Nevada. He studied at Southern Utah University, at Utah State University, and at George Washington University.

He returned to Nevada after law school and served as Henderson city attorney before being elected to the Nevada Assembly in 1968. In 1970, at age 30, Reid was chosen by O'Callaghan as his running mate for Lieutenant Governor of Nevada. Reid and his mentor O'Callaghan won the race and Reid served as lieutenant governor from 1971 until 1974. Reid became the youngest lieutenant governor in Nevada's history. When he ran for the U.S. Senate seat being vacated by Alan Bible. He lost by fewer than 600 votes to former Governor Paul Laxalt. In 1975, Reid ran for Mayor of Las Vegas and lost to Bill Briare.

Nevada had only a single at-large member in the United States House of Representatives, but population growth in the 1970s caused the state to pick up a second district. Reid won the Democratic nomination for the Nevada's 1st congressional district, based in Las Vegas, in 1982, and easily won the general election. He served two terms in the House, from 1983 to 1987.

In 1986, Reid won the Democratic nomination for the seat of retiring two-term current Republican Senator Paul Laxalt. He defeated former at-large Congressman Jim Santini, a Democrat who had turned Republican, in the November election. He coasted to reelection in 1992. However, he barely defeated 1st District Congressman John Ensign in 1998 in the midst of a statewide Republican sweep.

In 2004, Reid won reelection with 61 percent of the vote, gaining the endorsement of several Republicans.

Ensign was elected to Nevada's other Senate seat in 2000. He and Reid have a very good relationship, despite their bruising contest in 1998. The two frequently worked together on Nevada issues until Ensign was forced to resign his Senate seat.

While Reid won the Democratic nomination with 75% of the vote in the June 8 primary, he faced a competitive general election for the 2010 Senate race in Nevada. Reid engaged in a $1 million media campaign to "reintroduce himself" to Nevada's voters. He defeated Republican challenger Sharron Angle in the general election.

In 2015, Reid announced his retirement from the senate. In November 2016, Democrat Catherine Cortez Masto, who he supported to replace him, won the election.

He was married to Landra Gould. They had 5 children.

In May 2018, Reid had surgery for pancreatic cancer at Johns Hopkins Cancer Center after a tumor was found in his pancreas during a routine screening. In a January 2019 interview with "The New York Times", it was revealed that Reid was confined to a desk at his home and was unable to move without the aid of a walker.

Reid died of pancreatic cancer at his home in Henderson, Nevada on December 28, 2021, at the age of 82.

Flags of Asia

This is a gallery of international and national flags used in Asia.

Soleil Moon Frye

Soleil Moon Frye (born August 6, 1976) is an American television actress. Her best-known roles are that of Punky Brewster in the same-named sitcom which lasted from 1984 to 1988 and Roxie in the television sitcom "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch" (starting in 1996 and ending in 2003). Frye was also in other things on television.

She began acting on television at the age of six.

Chung Il-kwon

Chung Il-kwon (; hanja: , November 21, 1917 – January 17, 1994) was a South Korean politician and military general. He was one of the South Korean army commanders during the Korean War.

He was Foreign Minister from 1963 to 1964, and again from 1966 to 1967, and the Ambassador to the United States from 1960 to 1961 and 1962 to 1963. From 1964 to 1970 he served as the 9th Prime Minister of South Korea. His nickname was Chungsa (, ).




Flags of Oceania

This is a gallery of national flags of Oceania.

Dorothy Parker

Dorothy Parker (August 22, 1893 – June 7, 1967) was an American poet, short story writer, critic and satirist. She was best known for her epigrams, wit, wisecracks, and her eye for 20th century fads and conceits.

From an unhappy childhood, Parker rose to fame, both for her writing in "The New Yorker" and as a founding member of the Algonquin Round Table. After the breakup of the circle, Parker went to Hollywood to do screenwriting. She got two Academy Award nominations for this, but her involvement in left-wing politics put her on the Hollywood blacklist in the 1950s.

She disliked her reputation as a "wisecracker". Nevertheless, her writing and reputation for her sharp wit have endured.







Yun Il-sun

Yun Il-sun (; , October 5, 1896 – June 22, 1987) was a South Korean pathologist, anatomist and politician. He was Vice Chairman (1954–1956) and 6th Chairman (1956–1960) of the University of Seoul. He was the nephew of Korean resistance leader Yun Chi-ho and elder cousin of Yun Po-sun, the 4th President of South Korea. His pen name was Dongho.



Jonathan Taylor Thomas

Jonathan Taylor Thomas (born Jonathan Taylor Weiss; September 8, 1981 in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania) is a television, film and voice actor. His most notable acting projects are the ABC sitcom "Home Improvement" and as the voice of young Simba in "The Lion King".

Lee Meriwether

Lee Ann Meriwether (born May 27, 1935, Los Angeles) is an actress and former Miss America and has acted in many television series. Before acting, she was crowned Miss America 1955. She is best known for playing Catwoman in the 1966 movie version of "Batman", Betty Jones in the 1970s crime drama "Barnaby Jones" and Ruth Martin on the ABC soap opera "All My Children".

Punky Brewster

Punky Brewster was an American television sitcom. It began in September 1984 and officially ended May 27, 1988. It aired on NBC from 1984 to 1986, and in syndication from 1986 to the end of its run. The show was about a teenaged girl named Penelope "Punky" Brewster (played by Soleil Moon Frye) who was under care of foster parents one of them is Henry Warnimont (played by George Gaynes).

Do the Right Thing

Do the Right Thing is a 1989 American comedy-drama movie that is notable for the movie debuts for Rosie Perez and Martin Lawrence. Spike Lee directed, wrote and played as Mookie in this movie, which is set in Brooklyn, New York City. The subjects in "Do the Right Thing" involve racial troubles and hot weather around New York City. Other actors in the movie were Samuel L. Jackson. This movie received positive reviews by critics.

Melanie Brown

Melanie Brown (born 29 May 1975), also known as Mel B, is a British singer, songwriter and television personality. She is best known as a member of the Spice Girls. 

The Spice Girls started in 1994. She became known for her big frizzy hair during the groups early years and her nickname was "Scary Spice". The band released three albums. They broke up in 2000. In 2007 the Spice Girls did a tour called The Return of the Spice Girls. 

Mel B has also released two solo albums. "Hot" was released in 2000. "I Want You Back" was released as a single from the album. Missy Elliott rapped in it. It reached number one in the UK. Brown's second album "L.A. State of Mind" was released in 2005. In 1997 Brown acted in "Spice World". She won the Razzie Award for Worst Actress. 

Mel B has also been a celebrity judge on the shows "America's Got Talent". "Australia's Got Talent". "The X Factor UK", its Australian version and "Masked Singer" "Australia."

She was born in Harehills, Leeds, West Yorkshire to an English mother and Nevisian father. She grew up working class in Burley, Leeds. She has three daughters.

Daichi Suzuki

Suzuki competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He won a gold medal in men's 100m backstroke at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

He became a board member of Japan Swimming Federation and the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).



Football at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's football tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics was held in London and 5 other cities in the United Kingdom. This was the first FIFA women's competition in the United Kingdom.

Twelve teams qualified:


In Group F play before the official opening ceremonies, the Japanese team won the first match against Canada at Coventry on July 25 The Japan-South Africa game was a draw with no goals for each team. The Japan-Sweden game was also a draw with no score.

In Group G play, the American women won each of three matches.

The tournament had a single-elimination format. When a team lost a match, the competition was ended for them. In other words, when a team won, the women continued to play until only one team remained as the Olympic champion. 

In the first match at St James Park in Newcastle between New Zealand and the United States, the 2-0 victory of the US women ended New Zealand's participation in the 2012 games. In the semi-final match at Old Trafford in Manchester, the US women won a 4-3 victory over Canada in the last minute of extra time in overtime.

In the opening match at Cardiff between Brazil and Japan, the Brazilians were forced out of the tournament after losing to Japan 2-0.
In the match at Wembley Stadium in London between France and Japan, the Japanese team won 2-1.

The United States women's national soccer team and the Japan women's national football team met in the gold medal match. This was a rematch of teams which played for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup. The match was played at the Wembley Stadium in London on August 9, 2012. The American team won the match 2-1.



Yusuke Tanaka

Tanaka was part of a team which won the team silver medal in gymnastics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.



Koji Yamamuro

Yamamuro was part of a team which won the team silver medal in gymnastics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.



Sarah, Duchess of York

Sarah, Duchess of York (Sarah Margaret; formerly Ferguson; born 15 October 1959) is a British charity patron, spokesperson, writer, film producer, television personality and member of the British Royal Family. She was the wife of Prince Andrew, Duke of York. She was married to him from 1986 until they divorced in 1996. She is often called "Fergie", a usual nickname for people named Ferguson.

She has two children from her marriage, Beatrice and Eugenie. They are currently eighth and ninth in the line of succession to the thrones of 16 independent Commonwealth realms.

Sarah Margaret Ferguson was born at London Welbeck Hospital in London. She was the second daughter of Ronald Ferguson and his first wife, Susan Barrantes. 

She went to Daneshill School, in Stratfield Turgis. She then went to Hurst Lodge School, in Ascot. After finishing a course at Queen's Secretarial College at the age of eighteen, Sarah went to work in a public relations firm in London. Later she worked for an art gallery, and then a publishing company.

She was married to Prince Andrew, Duke of York in 1986 to 1996, They have two daughters is Princess Beatrice of York and Princess Eugenie of York in their marriage.

In June 2023, it was announced that Sarah had been diagnosed with an early form of breast cancer after having a mammogram, for which she successfully underwent surgery at King Edward VII's Hospital. Her doctors stated her prognosis as "good".



Colegio de la Preciosa Sangre

Colegio de la Preciosa Sangre is a Chilean private state-subsidized primary and secondary school in the coastal town of Pichilemu. It is also known by the name Preciosa Sangre.

The school ranks first in Cardenal Caro Province, based on the scores from the "Prueba de Selección Universitaria" (PSU) test, taken each December. The school has been qualified as the "best school in Pichilemu", and "a regional icon" by Region of O'Higgins newspaper "El Rancagüino".

SummerSlam (2011)

SummerSlam (2011) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view made by WWE, that took place on August 14, 2011 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. It was the 24th yearly SummerSlam event held by the WWE. There were 6 matches on the card.


Franz Josef Land

Franz Josef Land is an archipelago, north of Novaya Zemlya in the Arctic Ocean. It is part of Russia. It is administered from Archangelsk. It is made of 191 islands. Cape Fligely is the northernmost point of Eurasia. Getting to the island group is only possible during a few weeks in summer, in most summers. The northernmost point of Franz-Josef Land is only about 900 km from the North Pole - this means that the only places which are closer are Greenland, and Ellesmere Island in Canada. In the south, about 370 km of ocean separates the group from Novaya Zemlya. The group consists of about 191 islands. Roughly 80% of the islands are covered with ice all the time. The group has a volcanic origin. In 2007, there were two manned stations: Nagurskoye, a weather station, with 5 people, and observatory with 4 people. Victoria Island is 160 km west of the other islands, about half way to Svalbard.


Football at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's football tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held held in Beijing and 4 other cities in the China. The tournament had 12 teams. The group stage began two days before the opening ceremony, August 6. The United States won the tournament against Brazil, winning their 3rd olympic gold medal.

The following teams qualified:


The games had a single-elimination format. When a team lost a match, the tournament was ended for them. In other words, when a team won, the women continued to play until only one team remained as the Olympic champion. 

The US and Brazilian women won the opportunity to compete for the gold medal and the Olympic championship.



Christine Sinclair

Christine Margaret Sinclair (born June 12, 1983) is a Canadian football player who plays for the Portland Thorns and the Canada women's national soccer team. She is thought to be one of the best women football players in the world.




Ysis Sonkeng

Ysis Sonkeng (born September 20, 1989) is a Cameroonian women's football player who plays for the Cameroon women's national football team and Louves Minproff de Yaoundé. She plays as a defender and played in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was known for scoring an own goal against New Zealand women's national football team.

Choe Mi-Gyong

Choe Mi-Gyong (born January 1, 1991) is a North Korean football player that plays for the North Korea women's national football team and Rimyongsu Sports Club. She played in the 2012 Summer Olympics, and was known as being the only player to receive a red card in the women's tournament.

Bob Woodward

Bob Woodward (born March 26, 1943) is an American author and journalist who began working for "The Washington Post" around 1971. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

He is known for his reporting with Carl Bernstein on the Watergate Scandal which eventually led to President Richard Nixon's resignation in 1974.

Nordic Football Championship

The Nordic Football Championship (Danish: Nordisk Mesterskab, Norwegian: Nordisk Mesterskap, Swedish: Nordiska Mästerskapet, or NM) was an international football tournament played with the men's national football teams of the Nordic countries. In the first tournament, only Denmark, Norway and Sweden played, but Finland joined the second tournament. On the last tournament, Iceland and the Faroe Islands joined as well.

The tournament was created because Denmark, Norway and Sweden made a contract that says they should play two annual matches against each other. The first tournament was played four years later when the Danish Football Association celebrated its 35th anniversary. It was decided that the teams were to play five times against each other in a group. The Danish Football Association made the trophy, and Denmark national football team won the first tournament.

The second tournament was created by the Swedish Football Association to celebrate its 25th anniversary. This time, Finland was invited. It was also decided that each tournament would be 4 years long, with each team playing 12 times. The tournament was won by Norway, but the next 9 tournaments were won by Sweden. The fourth tournament was 11 years long because of World War II.

The tournament was popular because it was seen as a preparation for the upcoming major tournaments. In the 1970's, the tournament became less popular and the tournament ended in 1983.

A new edition of the tournament happened in 2000–01, and this time Iceland and the Faroe Islands joined. Some matches were played in Spain, but most were played at the teams home stadium. The last match of the 2000–01 tournament was never played.



Mizuho Sakaguchi

Sakaguchi was born in Sakai on October 15, 1987. In 2003, at the age of 15, she debuted in the Nadeshiko League at Speranza FC Takatsuki. After graduating from high school, she joined Tasaki Perule FC in 2006. She was selected Best Eleven in 2007. However, the club was disbanded in 2008 due to financial strain. She went to the United States and joined USL W-League club FC Indiana in 2009. In 2010, she returned to Japan and joined Albirex Niigata. She was selected Best Eleven in 2011. In 2012, she moved to Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza"). She was selected MVP awards for 3 years in a row (2015-2017). However she hurt her knee in April 2018 and she lost her regular position. In 2021, she moved to Omiya Ardija Ventus with teammate Saori Ariyoshi.

In July 2006, Sakaguchi was selected to be on the Japan national team for the 2006 Asian Cup. At this competition, on July 19, she debuted and scored 2 goals against Vietnam. She played in the 2011 World Cup where Japan won the championship; Sakaguchi scored one of the penalties in the shootout against United States in the final. She also played in the 2015 World Cup where Japan came second. She was also part of the silver medal-winning 2012 Summer Olympic team. From June 2016, she was given the number 10 shirt for Japan by new manager Asako Takakura. She played at 2018 Asian Cup and won the champions. She played 124 games and scored 29 goals for Japan until 2018. She was also selected Japan for 2019 World Cup. However she could not play in the match.


White Men Can't Jump

White Men Can't Jump is a 1992 American comedy-drama sports movie in which Wesley Snipes and Woody Harrelson star. The earlier stars as Sidney Deane, and the latter acts as Billy Hoyle, between whom a partnership forms. In this comedy-drama, the subject is basketball around Los Angeles. Rosie Perez acts as Billy's girlfriend Gloria.

Ashfield, New South Wales

Ashfield is a suburb in Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Ashfield is about 9 kilometres south-west of the business centre of Sydney. The local government of the suburbs around Ashfield is called the Ashfield Council.

The people that live in Ashfield are from many places. 15% of people in Ashfield were born in China.

The number of people living in Ashfield is high in comparison to other suburbs of the same size. Many apartment buildings in Ashfield were built after World War II. Many houses in Ashfield were built around 1900.

The oldest building in Ashfield is a church called St John's. The building was started in 1840.

Richard D. Zanuck

Richard Darryl Zanuck (December 13, 1934 July 13, 2012) was an American movie producer. He won an Academy Award for Best Picture in 1989 for his work in "Driving Miss Daisy". He has also won the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award, and a Hollywood Film Award. Zanuck and David Brown were one of the most successful movie producers in Hollywood in the 1960s and in the 1970s.

Zanuck was born on December 13, 1934 in Los Angeles, California, to actress Virginia Fox and Darryl F. Zanuck. He was educated at Stanford University.

Zanuck was married to Lili Gentle from 1958 until they divorced in 1968. Later he married Linda Harrison from 1969 until they divorced in 1978. Lastly he married Lili Fini Zanuck from 1978 until his death in 2012. He has two children.

Zanuck died on July 13, 2012 from a heart attack in his Beverly Hills, California home. He is survived by his wife, they had no children. More than 130 people attended his funeral.


Richard Schiff

Richard Schiff (born May 27, 1955) is an American actor and television director and producer. He is an Emmy Award winning actor. 

Schiff was born on May 27, 1955 in Bethesda, Maryland to Charlotte Schiff and to Edward Schiff. He was educated at City College of New York. 

Schiff's career started in 1983. He has appeared in more than 100 movies. He played Professor Emil Hamilton in the 2013 movie "Man of Steel". Schiff is mostly known for his role Toby Ziegler on "The West Wing". He also starred in "" and in "Skinner".

Schiff has been married to Sheila Kelley since 1996. They have 2 children, Gus and Ruby. Schiff is a Democrat who endorsed John Kerry, Barack Obama, Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders during their runs for President of the United States.

His step-father is civil rights activist, lawyer and speechwriter for Martin Luther King, Jr. Clarence B. Jones.


Lee Byung-chull

Lee Byung-chull (Korean:이병철;李秉喆, February 12, 1910 – November 19, 1987) was a South Korean businessman and trader. He was a founder of Samsung Electronics, Samsung Heavy Industries and many Samsung group companies.


Clive Dunn

Clive Robert Benjamin Dunn OBE (9 January 1920 – 6 November 2012) was an English actor, comedian, singer, artist, and author. Dunn is most known for his role as Lance-Corporal Jones, the butcher (meat-cutter) in "Dad's Army".

Dunn was born and grew up in Covent Garden, London, in the United Kingdom. He went to school at Sevenoaks and at the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts. As a child, he almost died from problems after his family got a doctor to remove his third nipple.

Dunn spent four years as a prisoner of war in Nazi Germany during World War II. He married Priscilla Morgan in 1959. They had two daughters, Jessica and Polly. Dunn and his family moved to Portugal where he spent his time painting until he became blind. In 1975, he was created an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE).

Dunn died on the morning of 6 November 2012, in a hospital in Algarve, Portugal, from problems after a surgery. He was 92 years old. He had worked in acting for almost 50 years.



Al B. Sure!

Albert Joseph Brown III (born June 4, 1968) is an American R&B singer, songwriter, and record producer. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts and grew up in Leonia, New Jersey, and Mount Vernon, New York. During the late 1980s under the stage name Al B. Sure!, he was one of the most popular new jack swing singers and producers. His hits included "Rescue Me" and "Nite and Day".


Ralph Tresvant

Ralph Tresvant (born May 16, 1968) is an American musician and recording artist. He was once a member of New Edition. He left the group around 1989 or 1990 and started his solo music career, with R&B songs like "Sensitivity".

Jerry Bruckheimer

Jerome Leon "Jerry" Bruckheimer (born September 21, 1943) is an American movie and television producer. He has achieved great success in the genres of action, drama, and science fiction. His best known television series are "", "", "", "Without a Trace", "Cold Case", and "The Amazing Race". Some of his best known movies include "Beverly Hills Cop", "Flashdance", "Top Gun", "The Rock", "Con Air", "Armageddon", "Bad Boys", "Enemy of the State", "Black Hawk Down", "Pearl Harbor", "Pirates of the Caribbean", and the "National Treasure" franchise. He is also one of the Board of Directors at ZeniMax Media.

Many of his movies were produced by Paramount and Disney. Many of his television series were co-produced by Warner Bros. and CBS Television Studios.

As of 2010, Bruckheimer had produced over 40 feature movies. He is regarded in the industry as one of the most successful movie producers of all time. Bruckheimer has been nicknamed "Mr. Blockbuster", due to his track record of commercially successful, high-grossing movies. Overall, his movies have brought in over $13 billion to Hollywood. They have also launched the careers of numerous actors and directors.

In 2007, he was ranked #39 on Forbes Celebrity 100 List, up from #42 in 2006. With reported annual earnings of $120 million, he was the 10th highest money-earner on the 2006 Forbes Celebrity 100 List.

The editors of "Entertainment Weekly" named Bruckheimer the #1 most-powerful person in Hollywood in 2003.

His projects have been honored with 41 Academy Award nominations (six wins), eight Grammy Award nominations (five wins), 23 Golden Globe nominations (four wins), 77 Emmy Award nominations (seventeen wins), eight People's Choice nominations (four wins), and numerous MTV Awards, including one for Best Picture of the Decade.

Bruckheimer received the ShoWest Producer of the Year Award in 1998 and in 2000 the Producers Guild honored him with the David O. Selznick Award for Lifetime Achievement.

Bruckheimer has been married twice. His first wife was Bonnie Bruckheimer. He currently lives in Los Angeles with his second wife, novelist Linda Bruckheimer. He also has one stepdaughter, Alexandra. The couple also owns a farm in Bloomfield, Kentucky, about southeast of Louisville. They also own another in Ojai, south of Santa Barbara.

Bruckheimer has been named as one of the investors of a new sports arena in Las Vegas. He has been rumored to be the leading choice by the National Hockey League to own an expansion hockey team that would play in the proposed arena.






Bernard Fox

Bernard Fox (Bernard Lawson May 11, 1927 – December 14, 2016) was a Welsh retired television, stage, voice, and movie actor who has appeared in 50 movies and his career has lasted more than 49 years, until retiring in 2004. His uncle was late actor Wilfred Lawson. 

Fox was born on May 11, 1927 in Port Talbot, Glamorgan, Wales to Queenie (née Barrett) and to Gerald Lawson. His acting career began when he was just 18 months old and later his television career began in 1955 and is known for his role as Dr. Bombay in "Bewitched" and as Captain Critterton in "Hogan's Heroes". And he is also known for his movie roles mostly as Archibald Gracie IV in James Cameron's "Titanic". His final film was "".

Fox was married to Jacqueline Fox from 1961 until his death in 2016. They had 2 children. Fox died at a hospital in North Saanich, British Columbia, Canada on December 14, 2016 from heart failure, aged 89.



Fairuza Balk

Fairuza Balk (born Fairuza Alejandra Feldthouse, May 21, 1974) is an American movie actress. She was especially active in the 1990s. She acted in the movies "The Waterboy", "American History X" and many others. Balk was born in Point Reyes, California.

Sina Motalebi

Sina Motalebi (Motallebi, سينا مطلبی; born 21 April 1973 in Tehran) is an Iranian journalist, based in London. He is currently the Editor of ZigZag magazine, a website based on the content of journalists and citizen's contributions following their distance journalism training course provided by the BBC World Service Trust.


Dangerous Liaisons

Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 erotic-romantic drama movie. It is based on an 18th century French novel "Les Liaisons dangereuses". This movie was released on December 16, 1988. It stars Glenn Close, Michelle Pfeiffer, Swoosie Kurtz and John Malkovich. It was nominated for seven Academy Awards (including Best Picture). It received three (Best Art Direction, Best Costume Design being among the ones actually received).

Chung Ju-young

Chung Ju-young (Korean:정주영;鄭周永, November 25, 1915 – March 21, 2001) was a South Korean businessman and trader. He was a founder of Hyundai automobile, Hyundai construction company, Hyundai heavy industry and many Hyundai group companies.

Shin Kyuk-ho

Shin Kyuk-ho (4 October 192119 January 2020), known in Japan as Takeo Shigemitsu, was a South Korean businessman known for being the founder of the Korean conglomerate Lotte Corporation.

Shin was born in Ulsan, Japanese Korea in 1922. In 1941, he stowed away on a ship to Japan, where he studied chemical engineering at Waseda University. He opened a rice cooker manufacturing plant in 1942. After the plant was destroyed during an air raid, he founded Lotte in 1948, which grew from selling chewing gum to becoming a major multinational corporation.

In 2006, Shin and his family were ranked 136th on "Forbes" magazine's list, "The World's Billionaires." In 2009, Shin was ranked 38th on the magazine's list of South Korea's richest people. Lotte itself was South Korea's fifth largest conglomerate as of 2017.

In June 2017, he retired from his role as board director of Lotte Holdings Co. after holding the position for nearly 70 years.

In December 2017, he was sentenced to four years in prison after he was convicted of embezzling 128.6 billion won (119 million USD) from Lotte. However, Shin was allowed to remain free given his poor health.

Shin had a total of four children from three marriages. His first wife, Noh Soon-hwa, died in 1951. They have one daughter, Shin Young-ja (born 1942). Shin then married a Japanese woman, Hatsuko Shigemitsu, in 1952. They have two sons, Shin Dong-joo (born 1954) and Shin Dong-bin (born 1955). Shin is also married to Seo Mi-Kyung in South Korea under the country's common-law marriage system. They have one daughter, Shin Yu-mi (born 1983).


Bank of Israel

The Bank of Israel ( ) is the central bank of Israel. It is in Kiryat HaMemshala in Jerusalem, and has a branch office in Tel Aviv. The current governor of the bank is Karnit Flug.



Rob Lowe

Rob Lowe (born March 17, 1964) is an American actor. He has acted in many television programs and movies. He was in "Parks and Recreation" between 2010 and 2015, "The West Wing" between 1999 and 2003 and in the movies "St. Elmo Fire" and "Wayne's World". He was born in Charlottesville, Virginia.

Patricia Kalember

Patricia Kalember (born December 30, 1957) is an American television and movie actress. She is best known for playing in the TV drama "Sisters". Many sources list Kalember's birth date as December 30, 1956 instead of 1957.

Bow Wow Wow

Bow Wow Wow is a British girl group. It is best known for the hit song "I Want Candy". The group was very popular between the years 1980 and 1989. They continued making records in the 1990s. Annabella Lwin was the singer. She was on the cover of the band's first album not wearing any clothes. The cover was banned.

2000–01 Nordic Football Championship

The 2000–01 Nordic Football Championship was the 14th Nordic Football Championship. Six Nordic countries were in the tournament, Denmark, the Faroe Islands, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden. Some of the tournament was played in Spain.

Úrsula Murayama

Úrsula Murayama (born in Mexico in 1972) is a Mexican actress of Japanese origin who appears in telenovelas (soap operas). Her best known role was that of handmaiden Jacinta in telenovela "Esmeralda" (1997).

Her possible relative was actor Noé Murayama, who died in 1997. He appeared with Úrsula in "Esmeralda".

Other roles:

Ōtaki, Chiba

Ōtaki is at the center of the Bōsō Peninsula. Ōtaki has many hills, small mountains, and forestss. 70% of Ōtaki is covered by forest. Two rivers flow through the town: the Isumi River and the Yōrō River.


Honda Tadakatsu built Ōtaki Castle on a hill in 1590. His samurai and many citizens built houses below the castle. The castle burned in 1842. A replica (copy) of the castle was built in 1975. A small museum is inside the castle.




Beit Aghion

Beit Aghion (), also known as Beit Rosh HaMemshala (, lit. "House of the Prime Minister") is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Israel. It is at 9 Peretz Smolenskin street, on the street corner of Balfour street in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Rehavia, between the city center and Talbiya neighborhood.

Heichal Shlomo

Heichal Shlomo is the former seat of the Chief Rabbinate of Israel. It is next to the Great Synagogue on King George Street, Jerusalem. The building currently has the Jewish Heritage Museum, Renanim Synagogue, office space and an auditorium. It is across from the Leonardo Plaza Hotel Jerusalem. The building was finished in 1958.

In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI made a visit to the area. 

Safra Square

Safra Square (, "Kikar Safra") is Jerusalem's City Hall public square. It is named after Jacob and Esther Safra, the parents of Edmond J. Safra, a Jewish philanthropist who helped to renovate downtown Jerusalem.


Tony Snow

Robert Anthony Snow, better known as Tony Snow (June 1, 1955 - July 12, 2008), was an American journalist, television personality, commentator and radio host who made contributions for Fox News very regularly beginning in 1996. He was born in Berea, Kentucky and raised in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was host of "Fox News Sunday, "before working for President Bush the second, but he briefly performed switched to CNN during 2008. However, he was merely an analyst at CNN, not a journalist. He was strongly associated with George W. Bush (when he was the President). Before Fox News, Snow was often a guest for "The Rush Limbaugh Show". Snow died from colon cancer in Georgetown, Washington, D.C.

Martha Plimpton

Martha Plimpton (born November 16, 1970) is an American movie and stage actress. She has appeared in movies, including "The Goonies" (1985), "Parenthood" (1989), "Stanley & Iris" (1991) and in many Broadway stage plays. She also appeared in many television programs.

Plimpton was born in New York City.

Madeline Zima

Madeline Rose Zima (born September 16, 1985, New Haven, Connecticut) is an American television series actress. Her best-known roles were in "The Nanny", "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle" and "Californication".

Heather Tom

Heather Marie Tom (born November 4, 1975 in Illinois) is an American actress who acts primarily in soap operas. She represented Victoria Newman in the CBS soap "The Young and the Restless". She also acted in other soap operas.

In August 2011, Tom said she was engaged to her partner of 15 years, James Achor. On September 17, 2011, the pair married. On May 19, 2012, it was said that the couple was expecting their first child together. Tom later said she was due around October and was expecting a boy.




Darlene Conley

Darlene Conley (18 July 1934 – 14 January 2007) was an American actress. She worked most in television soap operas. She played Sally Spectra in the soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful" from 1988 to 2007. Conley was born in Chicago.

USS Maine (1889)

USS "Maine" was a United States Navy warship. She exploded and sank in Havana Harbor in 1898, which was the reason the United States got involved in the Spanish-American War. USS "Maine" was commissioned as ACR-1 (Armored Cruiser #1). She is sometimes called a second-class battleship. Her sister ship was the USS Texas.

David Caruso

David Stephen Caruso (born January 7, 1956) is an American movie and television actor, who is especially known by his acting in "NYPD Blue". He also performed in the 1995 movies "Kiss of Death" and "Jade". From 2002 to 2012, he starred on the TV series "" in the role of "Lieutenant Horatio Caine".

Caruso's parents were Italian-Irish. His mother Joan, was a librarian. His father, Charles Caruso, was an editor. His father left the family when he was two years old. He went to Our Lady Queen of Martyrs Catholic School in Forest Hills and afterward to Archbishop Molloy High School. He graduated in 1974.

He worked as an usher in cinemas. His role models were Humphrey Bogart, James Cagney and Edward G. Robinson.

His first film appearance was in the film "Getting Wasted" in the role of "Danny". Afterwards, he was in supporting roles like "First Blood", "An Officer and a Gentleman", "Blue City", "Thief of Hearts", "China Girl" and "Twins".

His first main role was on the TV series "NYPD Blue" as Detective "John Kelly" in 1993. He received a Golden Globe Award for this role.

Caruso was married three times and has three children. His first wife was Cheri Maugans. He was married from 1979 to 1984 with her. He married the American actress Rachel Ticotin in 1984. They got a daughter Greta, who was born on June 1, 1984. They separated in 1991. His third wife was Magaret Buckley. They were married from 1996 to 2004. He has two more children with his former ex-girlfriend Liza Marquez. His son Marquez Antonio was born on September 15, 2005 and his daughter Paloma was born on October 16, 2007.

Rene Russo

Rene Marie Russo (b. Los Angeles, California, February 17, 1954) is an American movie actress. She has starred in many different types of movies. Her most notable movies include "Lethal Weapon 3" (1992), "Ransom" (1996) and "The Thomas Crown Affair" (1999).

Japan women's national football team

, also known as , is a Japanese women's association football team. The team represents Japan in international competition. It is made up of the best female players in Japan.

"Nadeshiko" Japan is best known as the first Asian team to win the FIFA Women's World Cup.

Japan Football Association (JFA) set up an official women's organization in 1979. The "Fédération Internationale de Football Association" (FIFA) asked each member country to promote and develop the sport among women.

In 1981 the Japan women's national football team played its first international match in Hong Kong. The team lost to Taiwan 0-1.

The women’s national team qualified for the "1991 FIFA Women's World Cup" in China.

In 2004, the JFA organized a public contest to select a name for the team; and ""Nadeshiko" Japan" was chosen from among 2,000+ entries.

In the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, Japan defeated the United States team in the last game of a knockout tournament.

In the 2012 Summer Olympics, "Nadeshiko" Japan won the silver medal.




Brigitte Nielsen

Brigitte Nielsen (born July 15, 1963) is a Danish model and movie actress. She has performed in many movies. She is also a television personality who is involved with reality shows.

Nielsen has been married five times and has four sons.

Princess Beatrice

Princess Beatrice, Mrs Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi (born Beatrice Elizabeth Mary; 8 August 1988) is a member of the British royal family. She is currently 9th in the Line of Succession. 

Beatrice was born at The Portland Hospital for Women and Children in London, She is the daughter of Andrew, Duke of York and Sarah, Duchess of York. 
Beatrice studied history at Goldsmiths, University of London. She got engaged in September 2019 to Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. The couple got married on 17 July 2020. They are expecting their first child in late 2021. She gave birth to a daughter, Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi, on 18 September 2021 at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in Chelsea London 

Titles

8 August 1988-17 July 2020 Her Royal Highness Princess Beatrice of York

17 July 2020 Her Royal Highness Princess Beatrice,Countess Mapelli-Mozzi, Noble Donna, Mrs. Eduardo Mapelli-Mozzi.

Everything She Wants

"Everything She Wants" is a 1984 song by music group Wham!. The song is about a man having trouble trying to satisfy the woman with whom he is having a relationship. The song has several versions, one lasting six and a half minutes. It has been sampled for other songs and covered by other musicians since its 1984 release.

Watchmaker analogy

The Watchmaker analogy is a teleological argument. In simple terms, it states that because there is a design, there must be a designer. The analogy is important in natural theology where it is used to show the existence of God as well as supporting the idea of intelligent design. William Paley (1743 – 1805) gave one of the best known explanations for this in his book "Natural Theology", published in 1802: "Anyone finding a pocket watch in a field will recognise that it was designed intelligently; living beings are similarly complex, and must be the work of an intelligent designer". In 1859, Charles Darwin provided another explanation for this complexity; according to Darwin, this complexity is a result of continuing adaptation. Paley was not the first to use the analogy, though. Bernard le Bovier de Fontenelle is generally credited for this, when he used it in his work "Conversations on the Plurality of Worlds", published in 1686.

There are three main points of criticism against the Watchmaker analogy: 

Barbie Girl

"Barbie Girl" is a dance-pop hit song from the Danish music group Aqua. The single was released in 1997. Its lyrics are about Barbie and Ken, the toys from Mattel. The song was very popular. It was #1 across the music charts of certain countries. It was in the Top 20 charts in the United States. "Barbie Girl" also caused controversy at various times.

Don Rickles

Donald Jay "Don" Rickles (May 8, 1926 – April 6, 2017) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice actor and author, best known for his role as Mr. Potato Head in "Toy Story", "Toy Story 2", and "Toy Story 3". He was also known for being an on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", and in "The Dean Martin Celebrity Roasts".

Rickles was born in Queens, New York on May 8, 1926 to Max Rickles, who immigrated to the United States in 1902, and to Etta (née Feldman), who was from New York City. Rickles' parents were of Jewish ancestry. Rickles was educated at American Academy of Dramatic Arts.

Rickles' career began in 1958 in "Run, Silent, Run Deep". Since then Rickles has appeared in movies such as "Casino", "Toy Story", "Toy Story 2", "Denice the Menace Strikes Again", "Toy Story 3", "Zookeeper", "Toy Story 3", and "Small Fry".

Rickles' only influence was Milton Berle. Rickles and Berle appeared in "The Dean Martin Celebrity Roasts". Rickles influenced Jay Leno, David Letterman, Dana Snyder, Howard Stern, Russell Peters, Dave Attell, Lisa Lampanelli, Jerry Seinfeld, Norm Macdonald, and Larry the Cable Guy.

Rickles married Barbara Sklar in 1965. They have two children; Larry Rickles (who died in 2011), and Mindy. Rickles also has 2 grandchildren who enjoy his role of Mr. Potato Head more than any other role Rickles ever had. Rickles currently lived in Los Angeles, California. He was a lifelong supporter of the Democratic Party.

Rickles died on April 6, 2017 of kidney failure in his home in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 90.





Mount Monadnock

Mount Monadnock, or Grand Monadnock, is a mountain in the New England state of New Hampshire. Authors such as Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau wrote about the mountain, so it is well-known. It is the highest mountain between the White Mountains of New Hampshire and the Massachusetts Berkshires. It is the highest point in Cheshire County, New Hampshire. Monadnock is one of the most popular mountains to climb in the world.

At , Mount Monadnock is nearly 1,000 feet (300 m) higher than any mountain within . It is 2,000 feet (600 m) above the nearby land. Mount Monadnock is in the towns of Jaffrey and Dublin, New Hampshire.

The term "monadnock" is used by American geologists to describe any single mountain formed when erosion removes softer rock and leaves harder rock behind. This is called an "inselberg" in other parts of the world.

Monadnock's bare, isolated, and rocky summit gives people wide, clear views. The mountain is clear mostly because of fires set by early settlers. The first major fire in 1800 cleared trees the lower parts of the mountain to make pasture for animals. More fires and hurricane damaged the forest more. Between 1810 and 1820, local farmers thought that wolves were living in the forest and set the mountain on fire again. The fire burned hot and powerfully for weeks. It destroyed the topsoil and removed trees and plants mountain above .

The word "monadnock" comes from the Abenaki language. It means something like "mountain that stands alone."

Mount Monadnock has many miles of clearly marked hiking trails. Two trails are most popular. The "White Dot Trail," is the shortest but steepest way to the top. It starts from the Monadnock State Park headquarters and campground on the southeast side of the mountain. The "White Arrow Trail," is the easier way to the top. There are also several other trails. The Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests prints a complete guidebook with maps, trail descriptions, history, geology, ecology, and other information about the mountain.

125,000 hikers climb Monadnock each year. The four hour round trip to the top and back on one of the shorter trails may be challenging for the average hiker. Special skills or equipment are not needed from late spring to early fall. Climbing during winter and early spring requires special equipment, clothing, and preparation. Weather on the top of the mountain is often colder and wind is often much stronger than below. Climbers should be careful climbing at any time of year, but it can be especially dangerous from late fall to early spring.

Most of the mountain is protected and new buildings or roads are not allowed. The Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests owns most of the mountain area. Its Monadnock Reservation is over . The state and the town of Jaffrey also own portions of the mountain.



Estelle Harris

Estelle Harris ("née" Nussbaum; April 22, 1928 – April 2, 2022) was an American actress. She is best known for her role as Estelle Costanza in "Seinfeld". To younger audiences, she is known for her role as Mrs. Potato Head in the "Toy Story" franchise. She is also known as Muriel on "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody". 

Harris was born on April 22, 1928, in Manhattan, New York City, to Jewish-American parents, Isaac Nussbaum and to Anna Nussbaum. Her career began in 1977 in the movie "Looking Up"; since then, she had appeared in "Out to Sea", "Toy Story 2", "Tarzan II", "Toy Story 3", and "Toy Story 4".

Harris was married to Sy Harris and they had three children together. The couple lived in West Hollywood, California. Estelle and her husband Sy escaped serious injuries when their car blew a tire and flipped twice on September 20, 2001. Sy died in 2021.

She died on April 2, 2022, at the age of 93, three weeks before her 94th birthday.

Kronstadt rebellion

The Kronstadt rebellion was a left-wing revolt which occurred in Russia from 7–17 March 1921. It was carried out by Communists who did not like the way the Bolsheviks made the Workers' Councils do what the new Russian state, the RSFSR told them to do.

Nikolai Evreinov

Nikolai Nikolayevich Evreinov (; February 13, 1879 - September 7, 1953) was a Russian theatre director, dramatist and theatre practitioner. He was associated with the art movement known as Russian Symbolism.

In 1920, Evreinov organised the mass spectacle "The Storming of the Winter Palace".

Chantal Kreviazuk

Chantal Jennifer Kreviazuk (May 18, 1973, Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian singer, songwriter and recording artist. She has had many high charting songs in Canada and some in the United States. She also writes songs for others.

Jamaican Patois

Jamaican Patois, known as Patwa, Jamaican Creole or simply Jamaican, is an English-African Creole language spoken mostly in Jamaica and among the Jamaican diaspora.

Jamaican Patois was developed in the 17th century with the arrival of West African slaves. Once they arrived in the island, they had to quickly learn and neutralize the dialectal forms of the English language. The slaves, just like in any region of the Caribbean rather speak their original tongue than learn the proper forms of the European languages of their masters.

Jamaican Creole draws an Irish phonetic sounds in some areas of Jamaica, however, the schools and education in Jamaica are based on the British English in the writing, reading and speech.

Jamaican Patois has African influences dating back to the 17th century. Its syntax, sounds, phonetics, grammar, and plenty of words show African influence in every aspect.

The Jamaican language has hundreds or thousands of words with origins of the Cantonese and the Indian languages, such as "Ganja" (Mariguana).

Lou Rawls

Louis Allen "Lou" Rawls (December 1, 1933 - January 6, 2006) was an American singer, record producer, recording artist and movie actor. He made over 60 albums. He sold over 40 million copies of them. Rawls was born in Chicago. He was associated with a huge number of rhythm and blues songs.

Roscoe Lee Browne

Roscoe Lee Browne (May 2, 1922 – April 11, 2007) was an American television, stage, voice, and movie actor, narrator, and director. He was known for his deep voice.

Browne was born in Woodbury, New Jersey. His parents were Sylvanus S. Browne and Lovie Lee Usher. He was African American. Browne was educated at Lincoln University, an historically black university. He graduated in 1946.

Browne's career began in 1964 in the movie "Black Like Me". His career has lasted 43 years. He has appeared in over 100 movies.

Browne was never married. He died on April 11, 2007, from stomach cancer in Los Angeles, California.



Mahalia Jackson

Mahalia Jackson (October 26, 1911 – January 27, 1972) was an American gospel singer and musician. She was born in New Orleans. She had many hit songs during her career. She was in Evergreen Park,IL in 1972 when she died. She lived with her Aunt Duke when her mother died in 1917. She started to sing at Mt. Moriah Baptist Church at the age of 12.

Marla Gibbs

Marla Gibbs (born June 14, 1931 in Chicago) is an American comedian and actress. She played Florence Johnston on "The Jeffersons". Then she played Mary Jenkins on the sitcom "227". She also acts in movies.

Falling in Love

Falling in Love is a 1984 American romantic drama movie set in New York City. It stars Meryl Streep, Robert De Niro and Harvey Keitel. This movie was released in autumn 1984 in the United States.

Soupy Sales

Soupy Sales (born Milton Supman January 8, 1926 October 22, 2009) was an American comedian and actor, who is best known for his role in the television series "Lunch With Soupy Sales" that lasted for a short moment. And from 1968 through 1975 Sales is known a regular rival in "What's My Line?". 

Sales was born on January 8, 1926 in Franklinton, North Carolina to Irving and Sadie Supman. Sales had two brothers; Leonard Supman (dead), and Jack Supman. Sales was educated at Marshall College.

In 1949, Sales moved to Cincinnati, Ohio from where his career began in 1949 and since then he had appeared in over 100 television shows or radio broadcastings, and went on tours around the country and the world.

Sales only had two influences; the Marx Brothers, and Harry Ritz. Sales had influenced; Howard Stern, Saturday Night Live, Pee-wee Herman, and Andy Kaufman.

Sales was married to Barbara Fox since 1950 until they divorced in 1970. Lastly he married Trudy Wilson since 1980 until his death in 2009. Sales had two children; Tony and Hunt Sales who are both rock musicians.

Sales died on October 22, 2009 in the Bronx, New York City from cancer. He was 83.



The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne

The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne, or just The Natural History of Selborne is a book written by pioneering English naturalist and ornithologist Gilbert White. It was first published in 1789. It has continued to be printed since then, with nearly 300 editions up to Thames & Hudson's "The Illustrated Natural History of Selborne" in 2007.

Louis Pierre Vieillot

Louis Pierre Vieillot (10 May 1748, Yvetot - 1831, Rouen) was a French ornithologist.

Vieillot described a large number of birds for the first time. These included birds he saw during the time he spent in the West Indies and North America. 26 genera and 32 species of North American birds were first described by him. Most of the well-known North American birds, such as the Wild Turkey, the Pintail, the Cedar Waxwing, and the Scarlet Tanager, were given their scientific names by him.

Heinrich Boie

Heinrich Boie (May 4, 1784, Meldorf, Holstein – September 4, 1827) was a German zoologist. He and his brother Friedrich Boie described 49 new species of reptiles and several new species of amphibians.

Boie studied law at Kiel and Göttingen. At university he became interested in natural history through the lectures of Johann Friedrich Blumenbach and Friedrich Tiedemann. He became Coenraad Jacob Temminck's assistant at Leiden. In 1825 he traveled to Java with Salomon Muller to collect specimens for the museum. He died there of gall fever.


Old World warbler

An "Old World warbler" is the name used to describe one of a large group of birds that used to be in the bird family Sylviidae. The family held over 400 species in over 70 genera, and was the source of much taxonomic confusion. Two families were separated later, the Cisticolidae and the Regulidae. In the past ten years they have been researched and many species are now put into other families. These families include the Acrocephalidae, Cettiidae, Phylloscopidae, and Megaluridae.

Most Old World warblers are of generally unseparate appearances. The sexes are often identical. However, some may be different, especially in the genus "Sylvia". They are of small to medium size, from 9 to 16 centimeters in length. Their bills are small and pointed. Almost all species are mostly insectivorous. However, some will also eat fruit, nectar, or small seeds.

Most of the species are monogamous and build simple, cup-shaped nests in plants. They lay between two and six eggs each time, depending on species. Both parents help in raising the young, which are able to fly at around two weeks of age.

Paik Sun-yup

Paik Sun-yup (, Hanja 白善燁, November 23, 1920 – July 10, 2020) was a South Korean soldier, politician and diplomat.

Paik was an army commander in the Korean War.

Paik died on July 10, 2020 in Seoul at the age of 99.



Lesser roadrunner

The lesser roadrunner ("Geococcyx velox") is one of the two species of roadrunner. It looks a lot like the other roadrunner species, the greater roadrunner, but is smaller and has a shorter beak. It is found in Mexico and Central America. 

It is large and slender and has long legs. The lesser roadrunner's wings and tail are covered with black, brown and white feathers, and it has a yellowish-white belly. It is 12 to 20 inches in length, and weighs around 8 to 15 ounces. The lesser roadrunner has zygodactyl feet, meaning it has two toes on the back of its feet and two toes on the front.

The lesser roadrunner is found in deserts of southwestern Mexico, and northern Central America.

Even though the lesser roadrunner can fly, it spends most of its time on the ground. Sometimes it flies to escape predators. It can run up to 20 miles per hour (32 km per hour). The lesser roadrunner makes its nest out of sticks and leaves, and sometimes snakeskin. It lays around 2-6 eggs at a time. Both parents, the mother and the father, take care of the nest and feed the hatchlings, but the males guard the nest at night time and the females guard the nest are day. Once the young hatch they stay with their parents for around 1 to 2 weeks. Then they leave by themselves and never return to the nest.

The lesser roadrunner is an omnivore, meaning it eats both meat and plants. They eat mainly seeds,fruits, reptiles like lizards and snakes, insects like grasshoppers and beetles, rodents and other small mammals, scorpions, spiders, frogs, other birds and eggs. Since it is very fast the lesser roadrunner is one of the very few animals which eat rattlesnakes.

Tarantula hawk

The Tarantula hawk is a type of spider wasp which hunts tarantulas as food for its larvae. The Tarantula hawk is any type of spider wasp which is in the genera "Pepsis" and "Hemipepsis" in the family Pompilidae (spider wasps).

Most species of Tarantula hawks are around 5 cm (2 inches) long, making it the largest type of wasp. They usually have a blue-black body and reddish-orange wings, but some have black wings. The color on their wings tells predators that they are dangerous (aposematism). They have long legs which have hooked claws that are used for grabbing their prey. The sting of a female Tarantula hawk can be as long as 7 mm long; the stinger is said to be the second most painful insect sting in the world.

When a female Tarantula hawk finds a tarantula it stings and paralyzes the tarantula. Then the wasp drags the tarantula to her burrow or takes it to a specially made nest, where it lays a single egg on the tarantula's abdomen. Once the egg hatches the larva makes a hole in the tarantula's abdomen. It then crawls into the tarantula and feeds on the insides. After a few weeks the larva pupates. After a while the wasp turns into an adult and comes out of the tarantula's abdomen. Tarantula hawks are also nectarivores, meaning they eat the nectar of flowers. Unlike the females, males do not hunt at tarantulas. Instead they feed on the nectar of flowers of milkweeds, western soapberry trees, or mesquite trees, which the females also feed on.

Tarantula hawks are found in India, southeast Asia, Africa, Australia and the Americas. In the Americas they can be found as far north as Salt Lake City, Utah in the U.S.A to as far south as Argentina in South America. 250 species are found in South America, while many other species have been found in deserts of southwestern U.S.A.

The sting of this wasp is said to be the most painful insect sting in the world, but the pain only lasts for a few minutes. Not many people have been stung by a Tarantula hawk but people who have say that it is so painful that they can not think of doing anything but scream. Not many animals eat them, but one that can is the roadrunner. Many animals avoid Tarantula hawks because of their sting, so some insects mimic their looks. Many types of wasps, bees, flies, moths and beetles mimic the looks of the Tarantula hawk.

Wheatus

Wheatus is an American alternative rock band from Northport, New York. Wheatus has six members in the band; the current band members are Brendan B. Brown, Matthew Milligan, Kevin Joaquin Garcia, Karlie Bruce, Gabrielle Aimée Sterbenz and Mark Palmer.

The band was formed in 1995 by lead singer Brendan B. Brown. The band is probably best known for their 2000 hit song, "Teenage Dirtbag" from their self-titled debut album. Their song "Punk Ass Bitch" was also used as the ending theme for Jackie Chan Adventures. They released their self-titled debut album ""Wheatus"" on August 15, 2000. They are currently signed to Montauk Mantis which the band created after leaving Sony Records. They released their third studio album ""TooSoonMonsoon"" on October 18, 2005.



So far as of 2012, Wheatus have released 5 albums:




Kitty Wells

Ellen Muriel Deason, known by professional name Kitty Wells (August 30, 1919 – July 16, 2012), was an American country singer from Nashville who went under the nickname The Queen of Country Music. She had many country singles that hit number 1 on charts. One of them is from 1952, called "It Wasn't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels". Wells' death in 2012 was due to complications of a stroke.

Under Siege

Under Siege is a 1992 American military action thriller movie. It stars Tommy Lee Jones and Steven Seagal, the latter of whom stars as a Navy SEAL. "Under Siege" received very strong reception by critics: it brought Seagal right into the mainstream. It was released October 9, 1992. It's sequel is the 1995 movie "" also starring Seagal. 

List of Japan women's international footballers

The List of Japan women's international footballers is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Japan women's national football team, also known as , is a Japanese women's association football team. The team represents Japan in international competition.

"Update; December 31, 2020"



Marvin Hamlisch

Marvin Frederick Hamlisch (June 2, 1944 – August 6, 2012) was an American composer. He was born in Manhattan, New York City. He arranged the scores of lots of movies, including "The Sting" and "Sophie's Choice". He won an Academy Award, an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award, Grammy Awards, a Tony Award and a Pulitzer Prize. 

Hamlisch died from respiratory arrest complicated by hypertension in Los Angeles, California on August 6, 2012 at the age of 68.



In 1974, Hamlisch became the second person to win three Academy Awards in the same evening, following Billy Wilder in 1961.

List of cities in Colombia

This article lists cities and towns in Colombia:

Charlie Callas

Charles Callas (December 20, 1927 January 27, 2011) was an American actor and comedian. He worked with Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, Mel Brooks, Dom DeLuise, Jerry Lewis, Milton Berle, and Don Rickles.

Callas was born on December 20, 1927 in Brooklyn, New York. He served in the United States Army during World War II. After the war, Callas began his career in 1950. He appeared in over 100 television programs and 50 movies.

Callas had only two influences, Groucho Marx and Charlie Chaplin. Callas influenced Larry the Cable Guy and many other comedians.

Callas was married to Evelyn Callas until her death in 2010. Callas had two sons, Mark Callas and Larry Callas.

Callas died on January 27, 2011 from natural causes in his Las Vegas, Nevada home. He was 83 years old. Callas is survived by his 2 sons. His remains were cremated.


List of settlements in the Democratic Republic of the Congo

This is a list of cities and towns in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Colonization of Mars

The colonization of Mars by humans is an ongoing debate. Some people want to colonize the planet Mars. Satellite imagery shows that there is frozen ground water on the planet. Mars also has a thin atmosphere. Because of this, it has potential to host humans and other organic life. That makes Mars the best choice for a thriving colony off the Earth. The Moon has also been proposed as the first location for human colonization but it is not known to have much air or water. It only has 0.16% air and has 14% water. 

There are many factors humans on Mars will go through, such as the risks in landing on the planet within gravity wells.

Many organizations support the colonization of Mars.

The Earth is much like its "sister plant" Venus.


The surface gravity on Mars is 38% of that on Earth. It is unknown if this is enough for human health. Mars is much colder than Earth. Mars surface temperature is −63 °C and a low of −140 °C. The lowest temperature ever recorded on Earth was −89.2 °C, in Antarctica. There is no liquid water on the surface of Mars. Because Mars is further from the Sun, less solar energy reaches the upper atmosphere of Mars. Mars' orbit is more eccentric than Earth's.

The atmospheric pressure on Mars is ~6 mbar. This is far below the Armstrong Limit (61.8 mbar), so people cannot survive without pressure suits. Since terraforming cannot be expected within the century, humans must have their pressure suits. Mars' atmosphere has carbon dioxide. Mars has a very weak magnetosphere. This means that it does not do a good job getting rid of solar winds.

Conditions on the surface of Mars are much closer to habitability than the surface of any other known planets or moons. Other planets such as Mercury has extreme hot and cold temperatures. Venus is very hot and all other planets and moons are very cold. There are some natural places on Earth, where humans have explored, that are similar to the conditions on Mars. The highest altitude reached by a balloon that was carrying humans, was 34,668 meters (113,740 feet), a record set in May 1961. The pressure at that altitude is about the same as on the surface of Mars. Extreme cold in the Arctic and Antarctic match all but the most extreme temperatures on Mars.

It may be possible to terraform Mars to allow a wide variety of living things. In April 2012, it was reported that lichen and bacteria survived for 34 days in conditions like those on Mars. This experiment was maintained by the German Aerospace Center (DLR).

Many organizations support the colonization of Mars. They have also given different reasons and ways humans can live on Mars. One of the oldest organizations is the Mars Society. They promote a NASA program that supports human colonies on Mars. The Mars Society have set up Mars analog research stations in Canada and the United States. Other organizations include MarsDrive, who want to help fund settlements on Mars, and Mars to Stay. Mars to Stay advocates settlements on Mars. In June 2012, Mars One released a statement that they believe could help start a colony on Mars by 2023. SpaceX thinks it can launch astronauts to colonize Mars via Starship. 

Many publications have wrote ideas and concerns about a possible human colony on the planet Mars. They include:






Yuki Nagasato

Nagasato was born in Atsugi on July 15, 1987. In 2001, she was promoted to Nippon TV Beleza from the youth team. In the 2002 season, she debuted in Nadeshiko League. She became one of the division's top scorers in 2006 season. She also won the league championship 6 times (2001, 2002, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008). In 2010, Nagasato moved to Turbine Potsdam in Germany, where she won the Bundesliga's leading goal-scorer award. She also won the UEFA Champions League with that team. In 2013, she transferred to the English FA WSL club Chelsea. She joined Wolfsburg in early 2015 to play in a stronger league for the 2015 World Cup. In August 2015, Nagasato joined Frankfurt. On May 24, 2017 it was announced that she had signed with the Chicago Red Stars of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL), she appeared in only 6 games in 2017 due to injury. In 2018 she was named Player of the Week for week 10. In October 2018, Nagasato signed with Brisbane Roar on loan for the 2018–19 season. On September 10, 2020, Nagasato made history by becoming the first woman to play for Hayabusa Eleven, a men's team in the Kanagawa Prefecture League; she joined on loan until prior to the beginning of the 2021 NWSL season. On October 26, 2020, newly-formed club Racing Louisville FC announced Nagasato as one of their first signings for the 2021 season.

In April 2004, Nagasato was selected the Japan national team for Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament qualification. At this competition, on April 22, she debuted against Thailand. She was also part of Japan's 2008 Summer Olympic team and 2007 World Cup. Nagasato was part of the Japan squad that won the 2011 World Cup. She played as a substitute in the final against the United States. The game went to penalties and Nagasato had her penalty saved by Hope Solo, but Japan still emerged victorious.

Since 2016, she wore the number 10 shirt for Japan, after Homare Sawa retired at 2016 Summer Olympics qualifying. After the tournament, new Japan's manager Asako Takakura gave the number 10 to Mizuho Sakaguchi and Nagasato wore the number 9.

Nagasato married in July 2011 and changed her registered name from "Nagasato" to "Ogimi" before the 2012 Summer Olympics. Upon her divorce in 2016, she re-assumed her maiden name.


List of cities in the Republic of the Congo

This is a list of cities in the Republic of the Congo.

List of cities in Costa Rica

This is a list of cities in Costa Rica.

Saki Kumagai

Kumagai was born in Sapporo on October 17, 1990. After graduating from Tokiwagi Gakuen High School, she joined for Urawa Reds in 2009. The club won Nadeshiko League championship in 2009 season. In July 2011, she moved to German Bundesliga club Frankfurt. After she played 2 season, she moved to French Division 1 Feminine club Olympique Lyonnais in June 2013. Kumagai scored the decisive penalty for Lyon in the 2016 UEFA Champions League Final, following a player-of-the-match performance.

On March 7, 2008, when Kumagai was 17 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Canada. In August, Kumagai was selected for the Japan U-20 national team at the 2008 U-20 World Cup. In 2010, she played for the U-20 team as captain during the 2010 U-20 World Cup. In 2011, she was part of Japan's World Cup-winning team, scoring the winning penalty in the final against the United States. She was also in the squad at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2015 World Cup. Japan came second at both competitions. In January 2017, she was named Japan's captain by manager Asako Takakura. In 2018, Japan won the 2018 Asian Cup. She has played more than 100 games for Japan. On November 10, 2019, Kumagai scored her first ever goal in a friendly match for Japan in a 2–0 win against South Africa.


Azusa Iwashimizu

Iwashimizu was born in Takizawa on October 14, 1986. In 2003, she was promoted to Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") from the youth team. She played 287 matches in Nadeshiko League until 2019. She was elected Best Eleven for 12 years in a row (2006-2017).

On February 18, 2006, when Iwashimizu was 19 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Russia. She has played in the 2007, 2011 and 2015 World Cups, winning the 2011 World Cup and winning a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. In the final minute of extra time in the 2011 World Cup Final, she was sent off after receiving a red card for slide tackling Alex Morgan. Japan would go on to win the match in the penalty shootout that followed.

Iwashimizu was instrumental in Japan's victory at the 2014 Asian Cup, scoring the winning goal in both the semifinal against China and the final against Australia. She played 122 games and scored 11 goals for Japan until 2016.

Iwashimizu got married in October 2019 and she bore a child in March 2020. So, she took maternity leave in 2019 and 2020 season.


Aya Sameshima

After playing for the Japan U-20 national team at the 2006 AFC U-19 Championship in 2006, Sameshima made her the full international debut on March 10, 2008, against Russia, and played in the 2008 Asian Cup that year, scoring the first goal in an 11–0 win over Chinese Taipei. In 2010, she played in the 2010 Asian Games, winning a gold medal as Japan won the tournament. In 2011, she was part of the Japan squad for the 2011 World Cup, playing in every match for the World Cup Champion Japanese team. She was part of the Japanese team that won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She also played in the 2015 World Cup and Japan won 2nd place. In 2018, she played at 2018 Asian Cup and won the championship. She played 103 games and scored 5 goals for Japan until 2019.


John Aniston

John Aniston (born Yannis Anastasakis; July 24, 1933 – November 11, 2022) was a Greek-American television and movie actor. He was the father of actress Jennifer Aniston. He is best known for his role as Victor Kiriakis in "Days of our Lives". That started in 1985. Aniston's career lasted 60 years. He appeared in over 100 television programs and movies.

Aniston was born in Chania, Crete, Greece to Stella Jones and to Antonios Anastasakis. Aniston went to Pennsylvania State University.

Aniston was married to Nancy Dow from 1965 until they divorced in 1980. Aniston has been married to Sherry Rooney since 1984. With Dow, Aniston had 1 daughter, Jennifer Aniston. With Rooney he had a son, Alexander Rooney.

Starred in:

Guest starred in:

2012 Summer Olympics medal table

The 2012 Summer Olympics medal table is a list of the medals won by athletes in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

 Changes in medal standings (see below)

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


Valmont

Valmont is a 1989 drama movie starring Annette Bening. It is based on the French book "". This movie received an Academy Award nomination for the Best Costume Design.


Curiosity rover

The Curiosity rover is a robotic car-sized Mars rover. It is exploring Gale Crater, which is near the equator of Mars. The rover uses nuclear power and is part of NASA's Mars Science Laboratory (MSL). 

The MSL mission has four main scientific goals: study Martian climate and geology, search for water, and find out whether Mars could have ever supported life. "Curiosity" carries the most advanced scientific equipment ever used on the surface of Mars. 

"Curiosity" is the fourth NASA surface rover sent to Mars in 16 years. "Curiosity" is also the heaviest robotic wheeled vehicle (at 900 kg) to have ever landed on Mars (The Soviet Union's "Lunokhod 2" lunar rover (1800) used to be the largest with 840 kg). "Curiosity" was launched from Cape Canaveral on November 26, 2011 at 10:02 EST. It successfully landed on Aeolis Palus in Gale Crater on Mars on August 6, 2012, 05:21:27 UTC.

In December 2012, "Curiosity" two-year mission was extended indefinitely. On August 7, 2017, NASA celebrated the fifth anniversary of the "Curiosity" rover landing and related exploratory accomplishments on the planet Mars. The rover is still operational, and as of , "Curiosity" has been on Mars for sols ( total days) since landing on August 6, 2012. 

"Curiosity" design served as the basis for the Mars 2020 rover that was landed on Mars in 18 February 2021.

The main scientific goals of the MSL mission is to search whether Mars could ever have supported life or water and to study the climate and geology of Mars. The "Curiosity" rover has six main scientific objectives:


The rover's landing was planned for a small region of Aeolis Palus within Gale crater. Gale crater is an about 2 billion-years-old impact crater on Mars. It was filled with sediments by water and wind. Later, wind erosion removed all sediments, leaving a 5.5 km (3.4 mile) high mountain (Mount Sharp). 

The crater is 154 km (94 mi) wide. The crater was chosen because it may allow for the study of two billion years of Martian history. The landing site is also near an alluvial fan. The alluvial fan is believed to be the result of a flow of ground water.

NASA collected more than 1.2 million names from people who sent their names from 2009 to 2011. Their names are on a microchip which is located on the deck of "Curiosity".

Live videos showing the first footage from the surface of Mars was available at NASA TV. It was shown live during the night of August 5, 2012. The NASA website became unavailable because of the large number of people visiting it.

A 13-minute NASA video of the landing, on YouTube, also became unavailable for several hours. A robotic DMCA notice was sent from Scripps Local News who prevented access. Around 1,000 people gathered in New York City's Times Square, to watch NASA's live broadcast of "Curiosity"s landing.

The Curiosity rover has three scoops which can dig up the soil on Mars so it can be studied. These scoops are kept clean by using Martian sand as an abrasive cleaner. Soil samples are studied inside Curiosity using a chemistry and mineralogy instrument called CheMin. CheMin uses X-ray diffraction to discover what minerals are in the soil samples. This information is then sent back to Earth. 


Mars flyby

A Mars flyby is when a spacecraft passes near the planet Mars, but does not enter orbit or land on it. Unmanned (no humans on board) space probes have used this method to collect data on Mars and other worlds. A spacecraft that is built for a flyby is also known as a "flyby bus" or "flyby spacecraft".



Terraforming of Mars

The terraforming of Mars is an idea that humans can change the climate and surface of Mars. They would do this to make Mars a place where humans and other life forms from Earth could live. The project will rely on the idea that the environment of a planet can be changed through artificial means. There are a number of proposed methods.

Mars is the most earthlike of all the other planets in our Solar System. It is also believed that Mars once had an Earth-like environment early in its history. Mars once had a thicker atmosphere and water. However, it disappeared over the course of hundreds of millions of years.

Future population growth and the demand for resources is necessary for human colonization of objects other than Earth, such as Mars and the Moon, and nearby planets. Space colonization will help harvest the Solar System's energy and material resources.

The terraforming of Mars can also be helpful in the survival of the human race. Many catastrophic extinction events could occur on Earth, such as the meteor thought to have killed off the dinosaurs 65 million years ago. Earth's species, including humans, could live on Mars instead.


Miho Fukumoto

Fukumoto was born in Ibusuki on October 2, 1983. She joined for Okayama Yunogo Belle in 2001. She was selected Best Eleven 3 times (2006, 2012 and 2014). She played 259 matches for the club. In August 2016, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa. However she could hardly play in the match. In 2019, she moved to Chifure AS Elfen Saitama. In 2021, she moved to new club, Sanfrecce Hiroshima Regina.

In August 2002, Fukumoto was selected by the Japan U-20 national team for the 2002 U-19 World Championship. In October, she was selected by the Japan national team for the 2002 Asian Games. At this competition, on October 4, she debuted against Vietnam. She played in the World Cup 3 times (2007, 2011 and 2015) and at the Summer Olympics 2 times (2008 and 2012). Japan won the championship at the 2011 World Cup, came second in the 2015 World Cup and got a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She played 81 games for Japan until 2016.


Jessica Capshaw

Jessica Capshaw (born August 9, 1976, Missouri) is an American movie actress. She is the stepdaughter of Steven Spielberg. She appeared in the ABC TV-series "Grey's Anatomy".

List of cities in Ivory Coast

This is a list of cities in the Ivory Coast.

Magellan (spacecraft)

The Magellan spacecraft, also called the Venus Radar Mapper, was a NASA spaceprobe designed to explore the Venus planet. It was launched on May 4, 1989, and reached Venus on August 10, 1990. It was in orbit around Venus for four years making detailed maps of the surface using radar and measuring the planet's gravity. Because of the thick atmosphere around the planet, the information from Magellan provided scientists with their first views of the surface of Venus. On October 12, 1994, the Magellan spacecraft was crashed into the planet on purpose.

The Magellan was the first spacecraft to be launched from a Space Shuttle, the Atlantis. It was also the first spacecraft to be deliberately crashed. Magellan was made from parts left over from other space exploration programs, including the Voyager program. 

The Magellan was named after the Portuguese explorer, Ferdinand Magellan (1480-1521). 

List of cities in Croatia

This is a list of cities and towns in Croatia. In Croatia these are called a "grad".

List of cities in Cuba

The nation of Cuba has several cities. 

These are the largest cities in Cuba. Beside each city in the list below is the number of people who live in the city. All numbers are from 2003.


These are other important cities.


List of cities in the Czech Republic

This is a list of cities in the Czech Republic.

List of cities in Denmark

This is a list of cities in Denmark. 

List of cities in the Dominican Republic

This is a list of Cities in the Dominican Republic. Only cities with more than 10,000 people are listed.

List of settlements in East Timor

This is a list of cities, towns, and villages in East Timor.


List of cities in Ecuador

This is a list of cities in Ecuador.

List of cities in Egypt

This is a list of the most important and largest cities and towns in Egypt.

42 Giza


Charlene Tilton

Charlene Tilton (b. December 1, 1958 in San Diego) is an American actress. She acts mostly on television. She has also acted in a few movies. She is best known for playing Lucy Ewing on the CBS television series "Dallas".

Robert H. Goddard

Robert Hutchings Goddard (1882-1945) was an American scientist who designed, built and fired rockets. In 1918 he invented the bazooka for the United States Army. 

On March 16, 1926, he launched the world's first liquid fueled rocket. It reached a height of at a speed of . When he suggested that a rocket could travel fast enough to leave the Earth and reach the Moon, the newspapers made fun of him. Many of his ideas, such as multi stage rockets, and the concept of escape velocity are now part of modern rocket science. He has been called "the father of space flight."

Alexis Bledel

Kimberly Alexis Bledel (September 16, 1981), is an American television and movie actress. Her most notable acting is the television series "Gilmore Girls". She has also been in the movies "Sin City" and "Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants". Bledel is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election. 

Near-threatened species

A near-threatened species is a conservation status given to species or lower taxa that may be endangered in the near future. However, it does not mean that the species is threatened.

The Near Threatened taxa usually includes the Vulnerable species.

Here is a list of nearly threatened mammals. They are:


Here is a list of nearly threatened birds. They are:



Sternum

The sternum or breastbone, in vertebrate anatomy, is a flat bone. In amphibians and reptiles it is normally shaped like a shield, often made of cartilage. It is absent in both turtles and snakes. In birds it is larger, and has large flight muscles attached to it. Only in mammals does the sternum take on the longer form seen in humans.

Bombay High

Bombay High is an offshore oilfield, gas field and refinery. It used to send its low sulphur crude oil to Mathura Oil Refinery. But this factory was closed, so now it transports oil to other refineries. It was founded by a Russian and an Indian oil exploration team.

Tree stump

The stump or tree stump is a small remaining part of the trunk with the roots still in the ground. Stumps may show the ages of a tree through its rings. The study of these rings is known as dendrochronology. Sometimes stumps are able to grow again into new trees. Sometimes a tree is cut to a stump on purpose to grow again. This is known as "coppicing".



Space colonization

Space colonization is the idea of humans living outside of Earth permanently. At present, there are no space colonies. However, many people have put forward ideas and thought about the first space colony. Some national space programs see space colonization as a long-term goal.

Building colonies in space would require access to water, food, space, people, building materials, energy, transportation, communications, life support, simulated gravity, radiation protection and money. Launching things from Earth is expensive, so it is better if the materials come from the place of the colony.

Possible sites for space colonies include the Moon, Mars, asteroids and big, free-floating space stations. Resources, such as solar energy and water, are available from or on the Moon, Mars, near-Earth asteroids or other planetary bodies. People could use them to build the space colony and live there. 

Mars is the most Earth-like planet known, so the colonization of Mars may be first. Some celestial bodies might be terraformed. This means changing a body's atmosphere, temperature, surface topography or ecology to be similar to the biosphere of Earth, so that humans can live there.

IPhone 3GS

iPhone 3GS is a smartphone made by Apple Inc. It is the third generation iPhone, coming after iPhone 3G. It was introduced on June 8th 2009, It was released on June 19th 2009.

This iPhone is named "3GS". The "S" in "iPhone 3G"S"" means "Speed". The iPhone 3GS has better performance, allowing it to run faster and more efficiently. It also has a higher quality camera that can take photos with higher resolution, as well as take videos with better quality. It also adds the ability to use voice control, a function where users can talk into the phone to command actions on the phone. The iPhone 3GS can also support faster downloading. 

It was released in the United States, Canada, and six European countries on June 19th 2009, in Australia and Japan on June 26th, and worldwide in July and August 2009.

Nadeshiko

The Japanese word Nadeshiko may mean:

Virgo Supercluster

The Virgo Supercluster ("Virgo SC") or Local Supercluster is the large galaxy cluster that contains the Virgo Cluster and the Local Group. At least 100 galaxies and clusters are in it.

The diameter of Virgo SC is 33 megaparsecs (110 million light-years). It is one of millions of superclusters in the observable universe.

When the first large sample of nebulae was published by William and John Herschel in 1863, it was seen that there is a marked excess of nebular fields in the constellation Virgo (near the north galactic pole).

In the 1950s, it was suggested that this excess was a large-scale galaxy-like structure, a "Local Supercluster". Debate went on during the 1960s and 1970s as to whether the Local Supercluster (LS) was actually a structure or a chance alignment of galaxies.
The issue was resolved with the large redshift surveys of the late 1970s and early 1980s, which showed a flattened concentration of galaxies along the supergalactic plane.

In 1982 R. Brent Tully showed it consists of two components: a flattened disk with two-thirds of the supercluster's luminous galaxies, and a roughly spherical halo containing the remaining one-third.
The disk itself is a thin (~1 megaparsecs) ellipsoid with a long axis / short axis ratio of at least 6 to 1, and possibly as high as 9 to 1.

Data released in June 2003 from a redshift survey lets astronomers compare the LS to other superclusters. The LS represents a typical poor (that is, it lacks a high density core) supercluster of rather small size. It has one rich galaxy cluster in the center, surrounded by filaments of galaxies and poor groups.

The Local Group is on the outskirts of the LS in a small filament extending from the Fornax Cluster to the Virgo Cluster. The Virgo Supercluster's volume is about 7000 times that of the Local Group or 100 billion times that of the Milky Way.

Connie Stevens

Connie Stevens (born Concetta Rosalie Ann Ingolia; August 8, 1938) is an American recording artist, singer and actress. She acted in the television series "Hawaiian Eye". She was also in the sitcom "Wendy and Me" with George Burns.

Yamato nadeshiko

The phrase combines the words "Yamato", which is an ancient name for Japan, and "nadeshiko", which is a wild pink carnation (dianthus superbus).

The phrase "Yamato Nadeshiko" means the traditional Japanese woman, and she is contrasted with other women such as the "new" type of Japanese woman. As ideas about women have developed and changed, this term has meant different things at different times in history. For example, the term had a special nationalistic meaning during World War II.

Water on Mars

There is less water on Mars compared to Earth. Most of the water known is in the cryosphere (permafrost and polar caps). There is no liquid water. There is only a small amount of water vapor in the thin atmosphere.

The conditions on the planet's surface do not support the long-term existence of liquid water. The average atmospheric pressure and temperature are far too low, which freezes water. However, it seems Mars once had liquid water flowing on the surface. This would make large areas like Earth's oceans.

There are a number of signs of water on or under the surface, now or in the distant past. These include stream beds, polar caps, spectroscopic measurement, eroded craters. Also, there are minerals which are often formed when there is liquid water (such as goethite), grey, crystalline hematite, phyllosilicates, opal, and sulfate.

The Mars flybys such as Viking, Mars Odyssey, Mars Global Surveyor, Mars Express, and the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter had cameras. They took pictures of what seem to be ancient lakes, ancient river valleys, and widespread glaciation. An orbiting Gamma Ray Spectrometer found ice just under the surface of much of the planet. Also, radar studies found ice that were thought to be glaciers. The Phoenix lander showed ice on Mars when it was landing. Phoenix also showed ice melting, snow falling, and even saw drops of liquid water.

A recent report says Martian dark streaks on the surface were affected by water.

Many Mars flybys and probes have found evidence of water on planet Mars. Mariner 9 found water erosion and deposition, weather fronts and fogs. Viking 2 landed on Mars in its winter season and found frost. The Mars Global Surveyor, which could detect ancient water, found that Mars has been dry for a very long time. On December 6, 2006 NASA released photos of two craters called Terra Sirenum and Centauri Montes that showed liquid water at one point in 1999 and 2001. Pathfinder found that water existed before on Mars. Pathfinder confirmed that where it landed it is too cold for liquid water to be. However, water could be in its liquid state if it were mixed with various salts. Pathfinder also found evidence of clouds and maybe fog present in Mars. Mars Odyssey found much more evidence for water on Mars. The pictures taken by Odyssey confirmed that the ground is filled with ice. In July 2003, at a conference in California, it was said that the Gamma Ray Spectrometer (GRS) onboard the Mars Odyssey had found large amounts of water over large areas of Mars. Mars has enough ice just below the surface to fill Lake Michigan twice.

On August 4, 2011, NASA said they found seasonal changes. These changes were found in gullies near crater rims on the Southern hemisphere. This shows that there is salty water flowing and then evaporating. This leaves some sort of residue.

The Mars Ocean Hypothesis is a hypothesis that nearly a third of the surface of Mars was once covered by an ocean earlier in its history. The ocean, which is called Oceanus Borealis, would have filled the Vastitas Borealis basin in the northern hemisphere. The Vastitas Borealis is 4–5 km (2.5–3 miles) miles below the planetary elevation. Oceanus Borealis dried up 3.8 billion years ago. Early Mars would need a warmer climate and thicker atmosphere to let liquid water stay at the surface.


Dianthus superbus

Dianthus superbus, also known as Large Pink, is a species of "Dianthus" native to Europe and northern Asia. It is a herbaceous perennial plant. 

This flowering plant grows in Western Europe from northern Spain to Norway. The wild flower is also native across northern Asia, including China and Japan.

Tin Ujević

Augustin "Tin" Ujević (5 July 1891 – 12 November 1955) was a Croatian poet, considered one of the most important poets in Croatian language of all time.

When Ujević was young, he thought to dedicate his life to politics. After having been involved in various activities related to the nationalism of Yugoslavia between 1912 and 1916, he began a life with a bohemian style, developing a great interest in literature.

Ujević classified his works in 3 different fields: translation, assays and poetry. 

He translated many works of various authors into the Croatian language, like Walt Whitman, Marcel Proust and Joseph Conrad.


Jesolo

Jesolo is a city in the region of Veneto in Italy. Jesolo is known for its beach.

Kozue Ando

Ando was born in Utsunomiya on 9 July 1982. In 2002, when she was a University of Tsukuba student, she left university club and joined Saitama Reinas FC (later "Urawa Reds"). In 2002 season, she scored 10 goals and she was selected Young Player awards. She became top scorer and she was selected MVP awards in 2004 and 2009. She was also selected Best Eleven 6 times. From 2010, she played for German Bundesliga club Duisburg, Frankfurt and Essen. At Frankfurt, she won UEFA Champions League in 2014–15 season. In June 2017, she returned to Japan and joined Urawa Reds.

In June 1999, when Ando was 16 years old, she was selected for the Japan national team for the 1999 World Cup. At this competition, on 26 June, she debuted against Norway. She played in the World Cup four times and in the Summer Olympics three times. She was a member of the team that defeated the United States in a penalty shootout in the final to win the 2011 World Cup; Ando started the final. She was also part of the Japanese team which won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics and second place at the 2015 World Cup. At the 2015 World Cup, in the first match against Switzerland, she got a penalty kick, but she fractured her left ankle at that moment. This match was her last as part of the Japan national team. She played 126 games and scored 19 goals for Japan by 2015.


Whitetip reef shark

The whitetip reef shark ("Triaenodon obesus") is a species of requiem shark, and the only member of its genus. The whitetip reef shark gets its name because of the white tips on its first dorsal fin and caudal fin. This shark has a slim body, with a short, wide head, a blunt, flattened snout, and oval-shaped eyes. The body is dark grey to brown in colour, and the underside is white. 

The whitetip reef shark is widely distributed across the entire Indo-Pacific region, and is common along coral reefs, but is also found over sandy flats, in lagoons, and near drop-offs to deeper water. This species of shark is viviparous, giving birth to 1-5 pups after a gestation period lasting up to 12 months. The whitetip reef shark is currently listed as Near Threatened by the IUCN.

The whitetip reef shark has a slim body, and has a short, wide head. The snout is flattened and blunt, and has large flaps of skin in front of the nostrils. The eyes are small and oval-shaped, and have vertical pupils. Along with the mouth which slants downwards, the visible brow ridges give this shark a permanent "disgusted" expression to its face. The first dorsal fin is located well behind the pectoral fins. The second dorsal fin is large, but smaller than the first dorsal. The pectoral fins are wide and triangular in shape. The anal fin is about as large as the second dorsal fin. There is no interdorsal ridge (ridge between the two dorsal fins), and there are no lateral keels on the caudal penduncle.

The whitetip reef shark earns its common name for the white tips on the first dorsal fin and upper caudal fins. The body is dark grey to brown, and the underside is white. Small dark spots are sometimes present over the entire body. The remaining fins may also have white tips, but not always. The whitetip reef shark is sometimes confused with the Silvertip shark due to their similar appearances. However, the silvertip shark is a much heavier species, and has a large first dorsal fin and a much smaller second dorsal fin. Also, its caudal fin is lined with white, rather than tipped, as with the whitetip reef shark. 
The whitetip reef shark is quite a small species of shark, growing to a maximum length of just under 7 feet (2.1 metres), however, individuals are rare at lengths over 5.2 feet (1.6 metres). Males mature at about 3.4 feet (1.04 metres) long, and generally reach lengths of up to 5.5 feet (1.7 metres). Females reach maturity at 3.4-3.6 feet (1.04-1.1 metres), and grow to at least 5.2 feet (1.6 metres). Whitetip reef sharks weigh a maximum weight of 18 kg. 

The whitetip reef shark is widely distributed across the entire Indo-Pacific region. In the Indian Ocean, it is found from northern KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa to the Red Sea and the Indian subcontinent, including Madagascar, Mauritius, the Comoros, the Aldabra Group, the Seychelles, Sri Lanka, and the Chagos Archipelago. In the western and central Pacific, it occurs from off southern China, Taiwan, and the Ryukyu Islands, to the Philippines, Southeast Asia, and Indonesia, to northern Australia, and is also found around numerous islands in Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia, as far as Hawaii to the north, and the Pitcairn Islands to the southeast. In the eastern Pacific, it occurs from Costa Rica to Panama, and off the Galápagos Islands. 

The whitetip reef shark is found mainly at coral reefs, but it is also found over sandy flats, in lagoons, and near drop-offs to deeper water. They prefer very clear water and rarely swim far from the bottom. This species is most common at a depth of . Sometimes, they may enter water less than 1 metre deep, and there is a record of a whitetip reef shark being captured from a depth of in the Ryukyu Islands.

The whitetip reef shark is usually seen swimming in clear waters along coral reefs, and has been reported at depths to up to 1,083 feet (330 metres). This species rarely swims to the surface, and is capable of lying motionless on the bottom for long periods of time. During daylight hours, whitetip reef sharks form large groups in caves, sometimes appearing stacked up like a pile of logs. The same sharks often return repeatedly to the same cave for long periods of time, changing location only periodically. The whitetip reef shark is most active throughout the night. 

During the night, the whitetip reef shark becomes very active, and searches for prey along the bottom. When the shark finds a prey, it chases the prey into a crevice or small cave, trapping it. The slim body, blunt snout, and tough skin helps the whitetip reef shark hunt successfully in these small spaces. It feeds mainly on bony fish, including eels, squirrelfish, snappers, damselfish, parrotfish, surgeonfish, and triggerfish. It also eats octopuses, crabs, and lobsters. 

Whitetip reef sharks are viviparous, and after a gestation period which can last around 12 months, the females give birth to 1-5 pups, which range from 52-60 cm in length. During mating, 1 to 11 males follow a female, until one of them gently nips the female's gill region. If the female accepts the male, the male grasps one of the female's pectoral fins in his mouth, and mates with her. Whitetip reef sharks reach maturity at around the age of 8 years, and live up to a maximum age of 25 years. 

The whitetip reef shark is fished in the waters off Pakistan, India, Sri Lanka and Madagascar. It is also believed to be fished in other waters across its range, but there is not a lot of information about this. The meat and liver are sold for human consumption, despite the fact that the liver has been reported as toxic. Although this shark is widely distributed, its restricted habitat, depth range, small litter size, and the long time to reach maturity means that the whitetip reef shark may become increasingly threatened to overfishing. 

This shark is quite harmless to humans due to its easygoing nature and small teeth. It avoids close contact with humans, swimming off when approached by swimmers or divers. Since the whitetip reef shark is often attracted to food, divers have been able to hand feed individuals. However, sometimes an individual will become overly excited by spearfishing or when bait is present, and might bite the diver. This species is also known to bite if harassed. 

The whitetip reef shark is widespread and quite abundant, and there is no legislation against fishing this species. The whitetip reef shark project of Hawaii is currently researching this shark’s life history, movement patterns, and habitat range, in hope that this will help in the future management of the populations of this shark. The Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO) have been working for years on the International Plan of Action for the Conservation and Management of Sharks (IPOA-SHARKS). However, the vast size of the oceans where the whitetip reef shark is found, and the difficulty of law enforcement in many areas, make the task of managing the conservation of this shark extremely difficult. The whitetip reef shark is currently listed as Near Threatened by the IUCN. 

Mana Iwabuchi

Iwabuchi began her international career in 2008 when she was selected onto the Japan U-17 national team at the age of 15, and participated in the 2008 U-17 World Cup in New Zealand. The team was defeated in the quarterfinals but she was awarded the tournament's MVP (adidas Golden Ball). A French team coach hailed her as a "future star of women's football." Iwabuchi was also awarded the "Asian Young Footballer of the Year" by the Asian Football Confederation in 2008. She joined the Japan national team for the EAFF Championship, held in early 2010, and debuted in the game against China. She scored her first goal against the Chinese Taipei in the same competition. In 2011, she played at the 2011 World Cup and Japan won the championship. She played as a substitute in the final against United States. She also played 2012 Summer Olympics and 2015 World Cup. Japan won the 2nd place at both tournaments. In 2018, at 2018 Asian Cup, she played full-time in all matches and scored 2 goals. Japan won the championship and she was selected MVP awards.


Huwala (ethnic group)

Hola Arabs or Huwala (), is a blanket term denoting an ethnically Iranian Arabs originally from the Arabian Peninsula who migrated to the Southern Coast of Iran in the 16th-18th centuries. Most currently reside in the Gulf nations with origins in cities and villages in Southern coast of Iran. They are not to be confused with the Achomis who are Persians from Southern Iran but also reside in Gulf States, such as Emadi, Bastaki, Janahi. 

Bahrain is the only Gulf state that uses the term Huwala to refer to or . In other Gulf states, such as Qatar, UAE, and Kuwait, the term Huwala is used for the original , such as Al-Harami, Al-Obaildy, Al-Hammadi, Al-Malki, . 


Mel Stuart

Mel Stuart (born Stuart Solomon; September 2, 1928 – August 9, 2012) was an American director and producer who is known for directing such movies as; "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory", "Two is a Happy Number", and "". Stuart's career worked for 37 years from 1963 until he retired in 2000. Stuart was born on September 2, 1928 in New York City, New York. Stuart was never married and had no children. He was related to the TV producer David L. Wolper. Stuart died on August 9, 2012 in his Beverly Hills, California home from cancer, he was 83 years old. Stuart's first cousin was Stan Lee.

Directed:

Conrad Bain

Conrad Stafford Bain (February 4, 1923 – January 14, 2013) was a Canadian-American actor. He was best known for his role as Phillip Drummond in the sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes" and as Dr. Arthur Harmon in "Maude". Bain had a twin brother, Bonar Bain.

Bain was born on February 4, 1923 in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada to Jean Agnes Young and to Stafford Harrison Bain. Bain was educated at Banff School of Fine Arts in Calgary, Alberta and at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City. He became a United States citizen in 1946, before graduating in 1948. He served in the Canadian Army during World War II.

His career started in 1956 in an episode of "Studio One" as Evans. He later appeared in over 200 television programs. He was mostly known for playing Phillip Drummond in "Diff'rent Strokes" with Gary Coleman. Bain retired in 1996.

Bain lived in an apartment in Livermore, California. Bain was married Monica Sloan on September 8, 1945 until her death on February 26, 2009. They had three children together, Jennifer, Kent, and Mark Bain. On February 18, 2005, his brother Bonar died from cancer, aged 82.

Bain died on January 14, 2013 in his home in Livermore, California from complications following a stroke, aged 89. Co-star Todd Bridges said the Bain was like a father figure to him. Bain was soon cremated.



Akihiko Hoshide

, also known as "'Aki", is a Japanese engineer and an astronaut with the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA). He was born in 1968 in Tokyo, but grew up in New Jersey in the United States. 

He studied at the United World College of South East Asia in Singapore. In 1992, he earned a degree from Keio University in Japan. In 1997, he was awarded a Master of Science degree at the University of Houston in Texas.

Japan's National Space Development Agency (NASDA) accepted Hoshide into the astronaut training program in 1999. He first trip to the International Space Station was in May 2008. His second trip to the International Space Station was in July 2012.


Self-determination

The right of nations to self-determination (from ), or with less words, self-determination is the idea that nations have the right to choose their sovereignty (who or what rules them) and international political status without other countries telling them. Most of the world used to be ruled by empires (really big countries with more than one ethnic group, usually with one group having a lot of power over the others), and many of the countries that the empires ruled were considered colonies of the empire, but after The first World War (1914-1919), and especially the second World War (1929-1945), most of these empires collapsed (fell apart) and local populations (people living in the "colonies" native to the area) began to want independence and their country to be ruled by them, not someone very far away who they thought was mistreating them. Lots of nationalist movements arose in these countries, usually in Asia, Africa, and the Middle East, because people usually considered themselves as a separate group than the one who ruled them (for example, Arabs, not British, when the British Empire had ruled a lot of Arabia).

Some people who believe in self-determination use violence, others do not.

Football at the 1988 Summer Olympics

The Football at the 1988 Summer Olympics was held in South Korea. The tournament was on September 17 to October 1, 1988.

The following teams qualified:




National Space Development Agency

NASDA was responsible for developing satellites and space exerpiments.

NASDA was established for peaceful purposes in 1969.

In 2003, NASDA merged with the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science (ISAS) and the National Aerospace Laboratory of Japan (NAL). The three groups became one Independent Administrative Institution called the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA).

Several projects at International Space Station (ISS) were started under NASDA; and the work continues as part of JAXA's on-going research programs.


Michael Ansara

Michael Ansara (April 15, 1922 – July 31, 2013) was a Syrian-American stage, movie and voice actor.

He was best known for playing of Cochise in the American television series "Broken Arrow", Kane in the 1979-81 series "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century", Commander Kang on three different "Star Trek" TV series, Deputy U.S. Marshal Sam Buckhart on the NBC series, "Law of the Plainsman", and the voice for villain character Mr. Freeze in the Emmy Award winning series "", "The New Batman Adventures", "Batman & Mr. Freeze: SubZero", and "Batman Beyond".

Ansara was born in a small village in Syria and moved to Lowell, Massachusetts. He was educated at the Los Angeles City College.

Ansara starred in his own ABC-TV series, "Law of the Plainsman" (1959–60), with Gina Gillespie and Robert Harland. He performed as an Apache Indian named Sam Buckhart who had been appointed as a U.S. Marshal. The series began as an episode of "The Rifleman". In 1961, he appeared as Carl in the episode "Night Visitors" of the NBC anthology series "The Barbara Stanwyck Show".

Ansara also played in the Biblical epics "The Robe" (1953) as Judas Iscariot, "The Ten Commandments" (1956) as a taskmaster (uncredited), and "The Greatest Story Ever Told" (1965) as Herod's commander. He also appeared as Belshazzar in Columbia's 1953 movie "Slaves of Babylon". Guest starred with Kurt Russell in an episode of the 1960's series "Lost in Space".

Ansara did voice-acting as Mr. Freeze in "" as well as the animated movie "Batman & Mr. Freeze: SubZero", an episode of both "New Batman Adventures" and "Batman Beyond". He also voiced Mr. Freeze in the video game "Batman Vengeance".

Ansara retired in 2001.

Ansara was nominated for an Academy of Science Fiction Award. He won a Western Heritage Award for "Rawhide". He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for both movies and television.

Ansara was married to Jean Byron from 1955 until they divorced in 1956. He was married to Barbara Eden from 1958 until 1974. They had a son, Matthew Ansara, who died in 2001. He married Beverly Kushida in 1977.

Ansara died on July 31, 2013 of Alzheimer's disease in his home in Calabasas, California, aged 91.


Stacey Dash

Stacey Lauretta Dash (born January 20, 1966) is an American television and movie actress. She usually acts in sitcoms and comedy related movies. Her most notable television program works include "The Cosby Show" and "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air". Her movies include "Clueless" (1995) and "Mo' Money" (1992). 

Some sources say Dash was born January 20, 1966 with others mentioning that she was born in either 1967 or 1968. Dash was born in The Bronx, New York City.

Brussels sprout

Brussels sprouts are a green vegetable. They are small cabbages that can be used for salads or other recipes. They have almost the same nutrition as cabbage in carbohydrates, fats, and proteins. As with other cabbages, they can be either steamed or roasted. They have a lot of fiber.

Tamera Mowry

Tamera Darvette Mowry (born July 6 1978) is an American actress who first gained fame through the sitcom "Sister, Sister". She has also been in other TV works and in multiple movies (particularly comedy movies. Her sister Tia was born exactly the same day.

Tia Mowry

Tia Mowry (born July 6, 1978) is an American actress and former singer who, similar to her sister Tamera Mowry, first became famous as a result of the sitcom "Sister, Sister" in the 1990s. She also does other television related works and movie projects.

Niall Horan

Niall James Horan (born 13 September 1993) is an Irish singer-songwriter. He was best known as a member of the boy band One Direction. In 2016, Horan signed a recording deal as a solo artist with Capitol Records. Horan has also been known for his relaxing, and upbeat style of music.


Apollo 6

Apollo 6 was a space flight launched on April 4, 1968. It was the second mission of the United States Apollo program and last unmanned test flight of its Saturn V launch vehicle. It was also the last unmanned Apollo flight. It was an A-Type mission.

It was to show that the Saturn V could carry the weight of the Apollo fast enough and far enough into space to make a flight to the Moon possible. It was also designed to show that the Apollo Command Module's heat shield could survive the high speed re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere. The project was designed to fly into space at the necessary speeds, turn around, and return in about 10 hours.

However problems in the fuel lines of several Saturn V second and third stage engines stopped it from reaching the speeds Apollo would need to reach the Moon. It was able to test the return speeds by using the Apollo spacecraft's engine. This had been done with Apollo 4, the first Saturn V test. Despite the engine failures, the flight gave NASA enough confidence in the Saturn V to use it for manned launches. Since Apollo 4 had also tested the heat shield at a full speed re-entry, a third unmanned flight was cancelled.

Apollo 6 would test the Saturn V launch vehicle's ability to send the entire Apollo craft to the Moon. It would also test the stress a launch would put on the Lunar Module. It would also measure how much vibration there would be with a Saturn V with an almost full load. The Lunar Module was a test vehicle and only weighed , about 80% of the proper Lunar Module of (). Also, the CSM was only fueled to a weight of instead of the lunar mission weight of .

It was the first mission to use High Bay 3 in the Vertical Assembly Building (VAB), Mobile Launcher 2, and Firing Room 2.

The first stage of the Saturn V, S-IC, the third stage, S-IVB, and the Instrument Unit computer, arrived by boat on March 13, 1967. The first stage was put together in the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB) four days later. The S-II second stage was delivered two months later. Scientist used a dumbbell-shaped spacer so testing could proceed. This had the same height and mass as the S-II along with all the electrical connections. The S-II arrived May 24. It was put into the rocket on July 7.

Testing was slow as they were still getting the Saturn V ready for Apollo 4. While the building could hold four Saturn V rockets, there were not enough people or equipment to work on more than one at a time.

The Command and Service Module, a Block I model, as flown on three other unmanned tests, arrived September 29 and was added on December 10. It was made from two existing spacecraft, the CM-020 and SM-014. CM-020 had been damaged in an explosion. CM-014 had been taken apart as part of the investigation into the Apollo 1 fire. After two months of testing and repairs, the rocket was moved to the pad on February 6, 1968.

While Apollo 4 had a perfect flight, Apollo 6 had problems right from the start. Two minutes into the flight, the rocket experienced severe Pogo oscillations for about 30 seconds. Various parts of the rocket began to vibrate like a tuning fork. This included the fuel pipes. These vibrations caused damage to the part that joined the Command Module and Lunar Module to the Saturn V. Several pieces fell off during the launch.

After the first stage was finished, the S-II second stage began to have its own problems. Engine number two (of five) had problems 225 seconds after liftoff. It got worse at 319 seconds, and then at 412 seconds the engine shut down. Two seconds later Engine Number Three shut down as well. The onboard computer was able to make changes and the other engines burned for 58 seconds longer than normal. The S-IVB third stage also had to burn for 29 seconds longer than usual. The S-IVB also did not work properly.

The S-IC first stage crashed back to Earth in the Atlantic Ocean east of Florida (), while the S-II second stage crashed south of the Azores ().

Because of the launch problems, the rocket did not reach the planned height. After two orbits, the third stage, S-IVB would not restart. It was decided to use the Apollo Service Module engines to get the spacecraft into a higher orbit, as had been done in Apollo 4. It burned for 442 seconds (longer than it would ever fire on a lunar mission) to get to the planned height. There was not enough fuel to speed up the atmospheric reentry. The spacecraft only entered the atmosphere at a speed of instead of the planned of a lunar return. However, this had been demonstrated on Apollo 4.

Ten hours after launch, it landed from the planned touchdown point in the North Pacific Ocean north of Hawaii, and was lifted on board the USS "Okinawa".

The S-IVB's orbit slowed three weeks later, and it re-entered the atmosphere on April 25, 1968.

Although Apollo 6 did not reach the speeds in either direction, it was considered successful enough to fly astronauts on the next Saturn V. This would orbit the Moon instead of the planned Earth orbit for Apollo 8. Instead, the next flight, Apollo 7, which did not use a Saturn V, tested a manned Apollo module in Earth orbit.

The cause of the vibrations during the first stage of the flight was well known. However, it had been thought that the rocket had been 'detuned'. The solution was to add helium gas to the pipes and pumps to act as a shock absorber. This did not completely fix the vibration problem, and it caused the engines to shut down on the Apollo 13 flight.

A fuel pipe carrying liquid hydrogen had broken because of the vibration, caused the two engines in the second stage to stop working. The engines were burning just liquid oxygen which caused them to overheat. This led to the engines shutting down. The liquid oxygen supply was turned off which then meant engine three was shut down as well. The problem was fixed by replacing a flexible section of pipe with a loop of stainless steel pipe.

The join between the Saturn V and the Apollo modules had a honeycomb like cell structure. The cells expanded because of trapped water and air as the rocket got faster. The solution was to drill small holes in the surface to allow for the expansion.

Documentary movies often show a Saturn V launch, and one of the most used pieces shows the interstage between the first and second stages falling away. This is usually said to be from the Apollo 11 mission, but it was actually filmed on the flights of Apollo 4 and Apollo 6.

The high speed cameras were dropped from the rocket soon after the first stage separation. They re-entered the atmosphere and were parachuted to the ocean, where they floated. Only one of the two S-II cameras on Apollo 6 was found.

Another launch shot often said to be Apollo 11 was shot on this day. It shows the rocket lifting up, positioned relatively close up and dead center. The shot can be identified as Apollo 6 as it had a white Apollo module; all the others were silver.

There was little press coverage of the Apollo 6 mission. On the same day as the launch, Martin Luther King, Jr. was shot and killed in Memphis, Tennessee, and President Johnson had announced he would not seek re-election only four days before.

The Apollo 6 Command Module is on display at the Fernbank Science Center, in Atlanta, Georgia.


Hurricane Ernesto (2012)

Hurricane Ernesto was an Atlantic tropical cyclone. It went across Jamaica and then cut through the Mexican Yucatán Peninsula as a hurricane. The storm later made landfall in southeastern Mexico. It caused several deaths over the area. The storm was born August 1, 2012. It died August 10 over south central Mexico.

Édouard Herriot

Édouard Herriot (July 5, 1872 – March 26, 1929) was a French politician of the Third Republic.

Bonar Bain

Bonar Stewart Bain (born February 4, 1923 – February 18, 2005) was a Canadian actor. He was the identical twin brother of actor Conrad Bain, who starred in "Diff'rent Strokes" as Phillip Drummond. He once played a fictional “evil” twin to Conrad (“Hank Bain”) in an episode of "SCTV". He also portrayed Arthur's (Conrad Bain) twin brother Arnold on "Maude". 

Bain was born on February 4, 1923 in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada to Jean Agnes Young and to Stafford Harrison Bain. He was married to Vella Bain until his death in 2005. Bain died on February 18, 2005 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, from cancer, aged 82.



Charles Durning

Charles Edward Durning (February 28, 1923 - December 24, 2012) was an American actor.

Durning was born in Highland Falls, New York on February 28, 1923, the ninth of ten children. His three brothers James (Roger) (1915–2000), Clifford (1916–1994),and Gerald Durning (born 1926), and his sister Frances (born 1919) survived to adulthood, but five sisters lost their lives to scarlet fever and smallpox as children. His mother, Louise (née Leonard; 1894–1982), was a laundress at West Point, and his father, James Durning (1883 – c. 1939), was an Irish immigrant. His mother was also born in Ireland.

Durning was raised Catholic. He fought during World War II. He was married to Carole Doughty from 1959 until they divorced in 1972. He was legally separated from his second wife, Mary Ann (Amelio) Durning, in 2010. He is survived by his three children from his first marriage.

Referred to as "the King of Character Actors", Durning began his career in 1951. While working as an usher in a burlesque joint, he was hired to replace a drunken actor onstage. Subsequently, he performed in some 50 stock company productions and in various off-Broadway plays. He attracted the attention of Joseph Papp. Beginning in 1961, he appeared in 35 plays as part of the New York Shakespeare Festival. "That time in my life was my best time," Durning told Pittsburgh's Post Gazette in 2001. "I had no money at all, and he (Joseph Papp) didn't pay much. You were getting a salary for performance plus a rehearsal salary. We would do three plays in Central Park for the summer. And then you'd do three to six plays every year down on Lafayette Street -- new plays by new writers: Sam Shepard, David Mamet, David Rabe, John Ford Noonan, Jason Miller".

In slack periods between acting jobs, Durning taught ballroom dancing at the Fred Astaire Dance Studio in New York City.

A bit later, Durning moved into television and movies. He made his film debut in 1965, playing in "Harvey Middleman, Fireman". He appeared in John Frankenheimer's "I Walk the Line" (1970) starring Gregory Peck, two Brian De Palma movies, "Hi, Mom!" (1970), credited as Charles Durnham, with Robert De Niro and "Sisters" (1973). He also appeared in "Dealing: Or the Berkeley-to-Boston Forty-Brick Lost-Bag Blues" (1972) with Barbara Hershey and John Lithgow.

In 1972, director George Roy Hill, impressed by his performance in the Tony Award and Pulitzer Prize-winning play "That Championship Season", offered Durning a role in "The Sting" (1973). In the Oscar best picture winner starring Paul Newman and Robert Redford, Durning won distinction as the crooked cop, Lt. Wm. Snyder. Durning had more than 100 movie and television credits. Some of Durning's other well-known movie performances include "Dog Day Afternoon", "The Muppet Movie", "True Confessions", "Tootsie", "To Be Or Not To Be", "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas", "Home for the Holidays" and "O Brother, Where Art Thou?". He was also known for television performances in, to name a few, "Queen of the Stardust Ballroom", "Captains and the Kings", "Studs Lonigan", "Death of a Salesman", "Evening Shade" and "Everybody Loves Raymond". Most recent television roles include the voice of Francis Griffin on "Family Guy" and Michael Gavin, the retired firefighter father of Denis Leary's character, in the FX television series "Rescue Me".

Durning's performances in Broadway productions were "Drat! The Cat!" (1965), "Pousse-Café" (1966), "The Happy Time" (1968), "Indians" (1969), "That Championship Season" (1972), "In the Boom Boom Room" (1973), "The au Pair Man" (1973), "Knock Knock" (1976), "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" (1990), "Inherit the Wind" (1996), "The Gin Game" (1997), Gore Vidal's "The Best Man" (2000). His most recent performances in New York City stage productions are "The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui" (2002) by Bertolt Brecht with Al Pacino and Wendy Wasserstein's final play, "Third" (2005).

Durning won the L.A. Drama Critics Circle Award for his powerful performance in The Westwood Playhouse's 1977 production of David Rabe's "Streamers". In 1980, he won critical acclaim for his role as Norman Thayer, Jr. in Los Angeles's Ahmanson Theater's production of "On Golden Pond" opposite Julie Harris.

“There are many secrets in us, in the depths of our souls, that we don’t want anyone to know about,” he told Parade. “There’s terror and repulsion in us, the terrible spot that we don’t talk about. That place that no one knows about — horrifying things we keep secret. A lot of that is released through acting.”

Durning earned two Academy Award nominations for best supporting actor. He won a Tony Award for his performance as Big Daddy in "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof". He received two Drama Desk Awards for his performances in "That Championship Season" and "Third". He won a Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for TV for "The Kennedys of Massachusetts" (1990). He had received three previous Golden Globe nominations and nine Emmy nominations.

In 1999, Durning was inducted into the Theater Hall of Fame on Broadway. He was honored with the Life Achievement Award at the 44th Annual Screen Actors Guild Award Ceremony on January 27, 2008. On July 31, 2008, he was given a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame adjacent to one of his idols, James Cagney.

Durning died on the morning of December 24, 2012 at his home in New York, New York from natural causes, aged 89. On December 27, 2012, Broadway theaters dimmed their lights to honor him. He died on the same day as Jack Klugman.


Christopher Lambert

Christophe Guy Denis Lambert (born March 29, 1957) who is known professionally by his credited stage name Christopher Lambert is an American-born French actor, novelist and movie producer, who has appeared in American, as well as French and other European movies. He is best known for his work as Connor MacLeod, or simply "The Highlander", from Highlander and the Highlander (movie franchise). 

He is also known for his roles as Tarzan in "" and as the thunder god Raiden in the first movie adaptation of the video game "Mortal Kombat". He is sometimes credited internationally as "Christopher Lambert", with the notable exceptions of French-speaking countries, where he is known as "Christophe Lambert" and in anime adaptations as "Chris Lambert". 

Lambert was born in Great Neck, New York to French parents. Lambert was married to Diane Lane from 1988 until they divorced in 1994. Later he married Jaimyse Haft from 1999 until they divorced in 2000. He was married to Sophie Marceau from 2012 until they divorced in 2014. His career began in 1978 and he still continues to act.

Al Freeman Jr.

Albert Cornelius Freeman, Jr. (March 21, 1934 – August 9, 2012) was an American actor and director.

Freeman has made appearances in many movies, such as "My Sweet Charlie", "Finian's Rainbow", and "Malcolm X", and television series such as "The Cosby Show", "Law & Order", "Homicide: Life on the Street", "Hot L. Baltimore", and "The Edge of Night". He is mostly recognized for his portrayal of Police Captain Ed Hall on the ABC soap opera, "One Life to Live", a role he played from 1972 through 1987, with recurring roles in 1988 and 2000. He won a Daytime Emmy Award for Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series for that role in 1979, the first actor from the show as well as the first African American actor to earn the award. He was also a director of "One Life to Live", and was one of the first African Americans to direct a soap opera.

After leaving "One Life to Live", Freeman appeared in the motion picture "Down in the Delta". His Broadway theatre credits include "Look to the Lilies", "Blues for Mister Charlie", and "Medea". His role as Elijah Muhammad in the movie based on Malcolm X "Malcolm X" earned him the 1995 NAACP Image Award for NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture|Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture. Coincidently, he had previously played Malcolm X in the 1979 miniseries, Roots: The Next Generations.

Freeman taught acting at Howard University in Washington, D.C.. Freeman, Jr. is not related to actor Morgan Freeman. He died on August 9, 2012 in Washington, D.C., he was 78 years old. A memorial service was held on September 10, 2012.


Geoffrey Hughes

Geoffrey Hughes, DL (2 February 1944 – 27 July 2012) was an English actor.

Hughes as appeared in a wide range of TV and film appearances, Hughes was best known for a series of supporting roles in popular UK television dramas. He played Vernon Scripps in the British drama series "Heartbeat" (2001–05, 2007); Twiggy in the popular television sitcom "The Royle Family" (1998–2000, 2006, 2008); Onslow in the sitcom "Keeping Up Appearances" (1990–95) and Eddie Yeats in the soap opera "Coronation Street" (1974–1983, 1987). Hughes was born on 2 February 1944 and died on 27 July 2012 from prostate cancer, he is survived by his wife Susan.

Randy Travis

Randy Travis (born May 4, 1959 in Marshville, North Carolina) is an American country music singer and actor. 1978 was the first time he had a song on Billboard's Hot Country Songs music chart. As late as 2014 he had an album on Billboard's Top Country Albums music chart.

He first went into mainstream in the mid to late 1980s, having a number of hits. He acted in several movies, including "The Rainmaker" (1997).



Yellow-lipped sea krait

The yellow-lipped sea krait ("Laticauda colubrina") is a species of sea snake found in tropical Indo-Pacific ocean waters. The yellow-lipped sea krait is also known as the ""banded sea krait"" and the ""colubrine sea krait"".

Banded sea kraits are often seen in large numbers in the company of hunting parties of giant trevally ("Caranx ignobilis") and goatfish. Their cooperative hunting technique is similar to that of the moray eel. The kraits flush out prey from narrow crevices and holes. Kraits need to drink fresh water and regularly come onto land for that purpose.

While probing crevices with their head, they cannot see approaching predators. But they can fool their potential enemies into thinking their tail is the head. Both colouration and tail movements are like the head.

Female yellow-lipped sea kraits are longer than males. Females can grow up to the length of 1.6 meters, while males grow up to the length of 1 meters. Yellow-lipped sea kraits are light or dark blueish-grey on the top and yellow underneath with black bands running down the body and tail. The upper lip and snout is yellow (hence its name) while the rest of the head is black. They are very venomous but they are not aggressive and rarely ever bite divers or swimmers.

Yellow-lipped sea kraits are one of the most venomous snakes in the world, but they are not aggressive and rarely ever bite humans. Even though they live in water, Yellow-lipped sea krait do not have gills so they have to go to the surface to breath air, but a yellow-lipped sea krait can go as deep as 100 meters underwater and stay there for up to an hour. Every 10–14 days yellow-lipped sea kraits come on land to digest their food, to shed their skin or mate and lay their eggs. They lay around 5-13 eggs at a time.

When something is bitten by a yellow-lipped sea krait, the venom affects the muscles and the nerves. The venom of a yellow-lipped sea krait is said to be 10 times more deadly than the venom of a rattlesnake. In a single bite, a yellow-lipped sea krait can give more than 12 times the venom needed to kill a human. They don't recognize humans as prey or predator so they avoid swimmers and divers and rarely bite them.

Apollo 10

Apollo 10 was a crewed F-Type mission of NASA's Apollo program to land a man on the surface of the Moon. It was the fourth crewed mission and was a full rehearsal for the actual landing by Apollo 11. It was launched on May 10, 1969. The three astronauts, Tom Stafford, John W. Young and Eugene Cernan went into orbit around the Moon. Stafford and Cernan flew the Lunar Module to just above the Moon's surface. The Apollo 10 crew reached the farthest point in their orbit around the far side of the Moon. They have been the farthest any human has traveled from the Earth's surface.


Apollo 12

Apollo 12 was the sixth crewed flight in the Apollo program. It was the second crewed spacecraft to land on the Moon. Apollo 12 was launched on November 14, 1969. Charles "Pete" Conrad and Alan Bean become the third and fourth persons to stand on the lunar surface, while Richard Gordon stayed in orbit around the Moon. The two astronauts spent over seven hours exploring the surface of the Ocean of Storms. They brought back pieces of Surveyor III which had landed on the Moon in April 1967. They set up a number of experiments which would continue to collect information after they left. The Lunar ascent stage, the part that helped it take off from the surface, was deliberately crashed back onto the Moon so that shock waves could be measured by seismic equipment left behind.

Apollo 15

Apollo 15 was the ninth crewed flight of NASA's Apollo program. It was the fourth mission to land on the surface of the Moon and the first J-Type mission. Apollo 15 was launched on July 26, 1971. Alfred Worden stayed in orbit in the Command Module, Endeavour, while the Lunar Module, Falcon, landed at Hadley Base, with David Scott and James Irwin. The astronauts used the first Lunar Roving Vehicle to travel on the Moon. This vehicle was specially designed to work in a vacuum, with a wide range of temperatures across rough ground. They travelled a distance of on the Moon. They spent three days (66 hours, 55 minutes) on the Moon. They were able to collect a lot of rock samples, including a core sample from at least deep.

Virgo Cluster

The Virgo Cluster is a cluster of galaxies. Its center is 53.8 ± 0.3 million light years (16.5 ± 0.1 million parsecs) away from Earth, in the constellation Virgo. The cluster forms the heart of the larger Virgo Supercluster, of which our Local Group is an outlying member. 

The Virgo Cluster has about 1300 (and perhaps up to 2000) member galaxies. Its mass is about 1.2 solar masses out to 8 degrees of the cluster's center or a radius of about 2.2 million parsecs.

Many of the brighter galaxies in this cluster, including the giant elliptical galaxy Messier 87 and brightest member Messier 49, were discovered in the late 1770s and early 1780s. They were included in Charles Messier's catalogue of non-cometary fuzzy objects. Described by Messier as nebulae without stars, their true nature was not recognized until the 1920s. Many of the member galaxies of the cluster are visible with a small telescope. Its brightest member is the elliptical galaxy Messier 49.

Eyelash viper

The eyelash viper ("Bothriechis schlegelii") is a venomous pit viper found in Central and South America.

Small and living in trees, the snakes has a lot of color variations. Note the superciliary scales above the eyes.

It is the most common of the green palm-pitvipers (genus "Bothriechis").

The eyelash viper is a small species of snake, and rarely ever grows longer than the length of . Females are larger than males. It gets the name "eyelash viper" because it has a small group of scales over its eyes which make it look like the snake has eyelashes. The eyelash viper comes in many colors like green, yellow, red, brown or even pink.

Like other snakes of the genus "Bothriechis", this species is arboreal, meaning it lives in trees. The eyelash viper is nocturnal. It is not known to be aggressive, but if annoyed or disturbed it doesn't hesitate to strike.
The viper is viviparous, meaning it gives live birth. It gives birth to around 10 to 12 young at a time. When they are born, young vipers are inches long.

Eyelash vipers capture their prey by ambushing. They feed on small rodents, small birds, frogs, and lizards.

The eyelash viper is also known as the 'eyelash mountain viper", the "horned palm viper", Schlegel's viper", and the "eyelash palm-pit viper". It is also known as the "bocaracá" in Costa Rica and other Central and South American countries.

The eyelash viper is found in southern Mexico, southeastward to the Atlantic lowlands, through Central America to northern South America in Colombia and Venezuela. It is also found in parts of Costa Rica, Panama, Ecuador, and Peru.

The viper likes to live in humid, tropical areas not far from water.

Apollo 16

Apollo 16 was the tenth crewed space flight in NASA's Apollo program. It was the 5th of six Apollo missions to land on the Moon. It was a J-Type mission, which meant that the astronauts would have a longer stay on the Moon. Launched on April 16, 1972, Ken Mattingly stayed in orbit around the Moon in the Apollo Command Module, "Casper". He spent 3 days, 9 hours and 28 minutes by himself, the longest solo US space flight. On the Moon, astronauts John Young and Charles Duke got to put the Lunar Roving Vehicle ("moon buggy") through a series of tests, including s-turns, hairpin turns and quick stops. John Young was the commander of the mission.

A satellite was launched on the return journey to examine the Moon's mass and gravitation, space particles near the Moon, and the interaction of magnetic fields between the Moon and Earth. The mission was stopped one day early as there were several problems with the spacecraft.

Triangulum galaxy

The Triangulum galaxy is a spiral galaxy approximately 3 million light years (ly) from Earth in the constellation Triangulum.
The Triangulum galaxy is the third-largest member of the Local Group of galaxies, which includes the Milky Way galaxy, the Andromeda galaxy and about 50 other smaller galaxies. It is one of the most distant permanent objects that can be viewed with the naked eye.

It is catalogued as Messier 33 or NGC 598, and is sometimes informally referred to as the Pinwheel galaxy, a nickname it shares with Messier 101.

In the French astronomer Gérard de Vaucouleurs' revised Hubble Sandage (VRHS) system of galaxy morphological classification, the Triangulum Galaxy is classified as type SA(s)cd. The "S" prefix says that it is a spiral galaxy. The "A" is assigned when the center of the galaxy lacks a bar-shaped structure, unlike "SB" class barred spiral galaxies. American astronomer Allan Sandage's "(s)" notation is used when the spiral arms emerge directly from the center, instead of an inner ring like an (r)-type galaxy. Finally, the "cd" suffix describes the openness of the arms. "cd" means loosely wound arms.

This galaxy has an inclination of 54° to the line of sight from the Earth, allowing the structure to be examined without significant obstruction by gas and dust. The disk of the Triangulum Galaxy appears warped out to a radius of about 8 kpc. There may be a halo surrounding the galaxy, but there is no bulge at the center. This is an isolated galaxy and there are no indications of recent interactions with other galaxies, and it lacks the small following galaxies or tidal tails associated with the Milky Way.

Triangulum is classified as unbarred, but another look at the galaxy shape shows a weak bar-like structure around the galactic nucleus. The center of this galaxy is the most luminous source of X-rays in the Local Group of galaxies. However, the center does not appear to contain a supermassive black hole, as an upper limit of 3,000 solar masses is placed on the mass of a central black hole based upon the speed of stars in the core region.

The inner part of the galaxy has two spiral arms, along with multiple spurs that connect the inner to the outer spiral features. The main arms are called IN (north) and IS (south).

Mermaids

Mermaids is a 1990 American comedy-drama movie. It set during 1963 in Massachusetts. It is based on a novel of the same name. The movie stars Cher as Rachel, Winona Ryder as her elder daughter Charlotte and Christina Ricci as her younger daughter Kate. This movie was released December 14, 1990 in the U.S. It got positive reviews from movie critics.

Elliptical galaxy

An elliptical galaxy is a galaxy having an ellipsoidal shape, and a smooth, nearly featureless brightness profile. They are one of the three main types of galaxy originally described by Edwin Hubble in 1936. The others are spiral and lenticular galaxies.

Elliptical galaxies range in shape from nearly spherical to nearly flat, (E7, one of the flattest types of elliptical galaxies is cigar-shaped) and in size from hundreds of millions to over one trillion stars. Originally, Edwin Hubble thought that elliptical galaxies may evolve into spiral galaxies, but this turned out to be false. Stars found inside elliptical galaxies are much older (and cooler; thus redder) than stars found in spiral galaxies.

Most elliptical galaxies are composed of older, low-mass stars, with a sparse interstellar medium and minimal (or no)star formation activity. They tend to be surrounded by large numbers of globular clusters. Elliptical galaxies are believed to make up approximately 10–15% of galaxies in the Virgo Supercluster, but are not the dominant type of galaxy in the universe overall. They are usually found close to the centers of galaxy clusters.

Elliptical galaxies and lenticular galaxies are also called "early-type" galaxies (ETG), due to their position in the Hubble sequence. They are less common in the early Universe, that is, in galaxies further away from us.


Ayumi Kaihori

Kaihori was born in Nagaokakyo on September 4, 1986. In 2004, she was a high school student, she joined Speranza FC Takatsuki from the youth team. She moved to INAC Leonessa (later "INAC Kobe Leonessa") in 2008. The club won Nadeshiko League championship for 3 years in a row (2011-2013). She was also selected Best Eleven 2 times in 2011 and 2013. She retired end of 2015 season.

In May 2008, Kaihori was selected the Japan national team for 2008 Asian Cup. At this competition, on May 31, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. She was Japan's goalkeeper in the 2011 World Cup final, where she saved two penalties from Shannon Boxx and Tobin Heath in the shoot-out which saw Japan defeat the United States by winning 3–1. She was part of the Japanese team that won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics, playing in one game, vs South Africa, which saw Kaihori keep a clean sheet. She also played 5 matches at 2015 World Cup and Japan won 2nd position. She played 53 games for Japan until 2015.


Arata Fujiwara

At the 2009 World Championships in Athletics at Berlin, Fujiwara finished 61st in the men's marathon.

He finished second in the 2012 Tokyo Marathon.

He was a member of the Japanese team in the 2012 Summer Olympics at London.



Ricochet

Ricochet is a 1991 American action crime thriller movie. It stars Denzel Washington. John Lithgow and Ice-T. The movie is about a psychotic ex-convict named Blake who has been creating chaos and looking for revenge. This movie was released in the United States on October 4, 1991.


Galaxy cluster

Galaxy clusters are large collections of galaxies. They consist of hundreds of galaxies and galaxy groups, bound together by gravity. Galaxy clusters are much larger than galaxy groups, like our Local Group. 

Clusters of galaxies should not be confused with either star clusters, which are "inside" galaxies, or with globular clusters, which usually orbit galaxies.

Notable galaxy clusters in the relatively nearby universe include the Virgo Cluster (which includes our Local Group), Fornax Cluster, Hercules Cluster, and the Coma Cluster. 

Still larger than galaxy clusters are superclusters. A very large aggregation of galaxies known as the Great Attractor, dominated by the Norma Cluster, is massive enough to affect the local expansion of the universe (Hubble's law).

Notable galaxy clusters in the distant, high-redshift universe include SPT-CL J0546-5345, the most massive galaxy cluster ever found in the early universe.

Galaxy clusters typically have the following properties.

There are three main components of a galaxy cluster. They are:
Where ">" means "contains":

Universe > observable universe > very large-scale structures > superclusters > galaxy clusters > galaxy groups > galaxies > star clusters > stars

Norman Alden

Norman Alden (born Norman Adelberg; September 13, 1924 – July 27, 2012) was an American character actor. He performed in television programs and movies. He first appeared on television on "The 20th Century Fox Hour" in 1957. He provided the voice of Kay in "The Sword in the Stone" (1963), and had a notable role in "I Never Promised You a Rose Garden". His acting career began in 1957 and lasted nearly 50 years. He also played the role of Kranix and Arblus in the 1986 animated Transformers movie. He retired from acting in 2006.

Alden was born on September 13, 1924 in Fort Worth, Texas and died at the age of 87 on July 27, 2012 from natural causes in Los Angeles. He is survived by his two children from his first marriage, one grandson, and his partner of over 25 years, Linda Gilbert Thieben.

Dwarf galaxy

A dwarf galaxy is a small galaxy composed of up to several billion stars. This is a small number compared to our own Milky Way's 200–400 billion stars. The Large Magellanic Cloud, containing over 30 billion stars, is sometimes classified as a dwarf galaxy and sometimes as a full-fledged galaxy orbiting the Milky Way galaxy.

Most galaxies, including dwarf galaxies, form in association with dark matter or out of gas containing metals. However, NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer space probe identified new dwarf galaxies forming out of gases lacking metals. These galaxies were in the Leo Ring, a cloud of hydrogen and helium around two massive galaxies in the constellation Leo.

Dwarf galaxies can be pulled toward and ripped by neighbouring spiral galaxies till they ultimately merge.

There are many dwarf galaxies in the Local Group: these small galaxies frequently orbit around larger galaxies, such as the Milky Way, the Andromeda Galaxy and the Triangulum Galaxy. A 2007 paper has suggested that many dwarf galaxies were created by tidal forces during the early evolution of the Milky Way and Andromeda. Tidal dwarf galaxies are produced when galaxies collide and their gravitational masses interact. Streams of galactic material are pulled out away from the parent galaxies and the halos of dark matter that surround them.

The Milky Way has more than 20 known dwarf galaxies orbiting it. Recent observations suggest the largest globular cluster in the Milky Way, Omega Centauri, is actually the core of a dwarf galaxy with a black hole in its center. It was at some time absorbed by the Milky Way.

Solar flare

A solar flare or solar limb is a sudden brightening observed over the Sun's surface. It is a large energy release of up to 6 × 10 joules of energy. The energy is about a sixth of the total energy that is released from the Sun each second equal to 160,000,000,000 megatons of TNT. It can also be compared with the impact of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter. The release is then followed by a colossal coronal mass ejection also known as a CME. The first flare releases clouds of electrons, ions, and atoms through the corona of the Sun into space. These clouds usually reach planet Earth a day or two after this has happened. A solar flare is sometimes referred to another phenomena in other stars, such as stellar flare.

Solar flares affect all layers of the solar atmosphere such as the photosphere, chromosphere, and corona. Solar flares produce radiation across the electromagnetic spectrum at all wavelengths from radio waves to gamma rays. Most of the energy goes to frequencies outside its range and because of this most of the flares cannot be seen by the naked eye. Solar flares are observed (looked at) with special instruments. Solar flares occur in active regions around sunspots. Solar flares are powered by the sudden release of magnetic energy that is stored in the corona. The same energy releases may produce coronal mass ejections (CME), although the relation between CMEs and flares is still not known.

X-rays and UV radiation that is released by solar flares can affect Earth's ionosphere. Because of this, radio communications, radars and other devices may be disrupted for a short time. Richard Christopher Carrington was the first person to observe a solar flare in 1859. Carrington had spotted brightening's of small areas within a sunspot group. Stellar flares have also been observed on several of other stars. Solar flares can be "active" from several flares a day or "quiet" from several flares every week. Solar flares occurs during the 11-year cycle (the solar cycle). There are less "large flares" than smaller ones.


Messier 87

Messier 87 (also known as M87, Virgo A or NGC 4486) is a supergiant elliptical galaxy. It was discovered in 1781 by the French astronomer Charles Messier, who catalogued it as a nebulous feature. The second brightest galaxy within the northern Virgo Cluster, it is about 16.4 million parsecs (53.5 million light-years) from Earth.

Unlike a disk-shaped spiral galaxy, Messier 87 has no distinctive dust lanes. It has an almost featureless, ellipsoidal shape. Luminosity diminishes with distance from the centre. At the core of this unusually large galaxy is an unusually large supermassive black hole. This is a strong source of radiation at many wavelengths, particularly radio waves. This black hole is the first and, to date, the only one for which astronomers have been able to make a direct image. A radio image taken by the Event Horizon Telescope in 2017 was published on 10 April 2019. The image shows the shadow of the black hole, surrounded by an emission ring with a diameter of .

A jet of energetic plasma known as a blazar is thrown out by the black hole at near the speed of light. It goes outward at least . In pictures taken by the Hubble Space Telescope in 1999, the motion of Messier 87's jet was measured at four to six times the speed of light. This motion is probably an optical illusion caused by the relativistic velocity of the jet.

The stars in this galaxy form about one sixth of Messier 87's mass. They are spread out symmetrically, but the density of stars decreases with distance from the core. The galactic envelope extends out to a radius of about , where it stops—possibly cut off by an encounter with another galaxy. Between the stars is a diffuse interstellar medium of gas that has been chemically enriched by elements emitted from evolved stars.

Orbiting the galaxy is a huge number of about 12,000 globular clusters, compared to 150200 globular clusters orbiting the Milky Way.

Messier 87 is one of the most massive giant elliptical galaxies near Earth, and one of the brightest radio sources in the sky,
It is a popular target for both amateur and professional astronomy study.

Eric Braeden

Eric Braeden (born Hans-Jörg Gudegast; April 3, 1941) is a German-American movie and television actor, best known for his role as Victor Newman on the soap opera "The Young and the Restless", as Hans Dietrich in the 1960s TV series "The Rat Patrol", and as John Jacob Astor IV in the 1997 film "Titanic". Braeden won a Daytime Emmy Award in 1998 for Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series for the role of Victor Newman.

Braeden was born in Bredenbek, Germany to German parents. Braeden was educated at the University of Montana. Braeden is married to Dale Russell Gudegast since 1966 and have two children together. Braeden currently lives in Los Angeles, California.

In April 2023, Braeden announced he as diagnosed with "high-grade" bladder cancer.


Jerry Stiller

Gerald Isaac "Jerry" Stiller (June 8, 1927 – February 5, 2021) was an American comedian and actor. He spent many years in the comedy team Stiller and Meara with his wife Anne Meara. Stiller and Meara are the parents of Ben Stiller (with whom he co-starred in the movies "Zoolander", "Heavyweights", "Hot Pursuit", and "The Heartbreak Kid") and Amy Stiller. He is best known for his recurring role as Frank Costanza in "Seinfeld" and his supporting role as Arthur Spooner in "The King of Queens".

Stiller was the oldest of four children, Stiller was born in Brooklyn, New York City, the son of Jewish parents, Bella (nee Citrin) and William Stiller, a bus driver. His paternal grandparents immigrated from Galicia, and his mother was born in Poland.

Stiller is married to Anne Meara since 1954 and have two children together, Ben Stiller and Amy Stiller. 

Stiller lived in New York City, New York.

On February 5, 2021, Stiller died at his home in New York City, New York of natural causes at the age of 93.


Anne Meara

Anne Meara (born September 20, 1929 – May 23, 2015) was an American actress and comedian. She and Jerry Stiller were a 1960s comedy team, appearing as Stiller and Meara, and are the parents of actor/comedian Ben Stiller and actress Amy Stiller.

Meara was born in Brooklyn, New York. She is the daughter of Irish immigrant parents, Mary (née Dempsey) and Edward Joseph Meara, a lawyer. Meara was raised in Roman Catholicism, and converted to Reform Judaism six years after marrying Stiller.

Meara died on May 23, 2015 at the age of 85 of multiple strokes.


Deniece Williams

Deniece Williams (born June 3, 1950 in Gary, Indiana) is an American Grammy Award winning musician and singer-songwriter. She has had many hit records. She is best known for the 1980s song "Let's Hear it for the Boy". The single that came out in 1984.

Amy Stiller

Amy Belle Sawyer Stiller (born August 9, 1961) is an American actress, stand-up comedian and Bikram Yoga instructor. 

She was born in New York, New York. She is the daughter of the Jewish-American comedians Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara, and the older sister of actor Ben Stiller. She graduated from the United Nations International School, in New York City, in 1979.

Bert Sugar

Bert Randolph Sugar (June 7, 1937 – March 25, 2012) was a boxing writer and sports historian.

Sugar also appeared in several movies playing himself, including "Night and the City", "The Great White Hype" and "Rocky Balboa". Interviews with Sugar feature in "Unforgivable Blackness: The Rise and Fall of Jack Johnson". Sugar had been referred to as "Runyonesque" (in reference to Damon Runyon) by Bob Costas, and "one of the foremost historians alive," by the "Boston Globe". Along with Lou Albano, he helped write "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Pro Wrestling." He wrote a regular sports column for "Smoke Magazine".

A cigar-smoker most of his life, Sugar died from cardiac arrest on March 25, 2012. His family was at his bedside in Northern Westchester Medical Center in Mount Kisco, New York. He had spent his remaining years battling lung cancer.


Ken Mattingly

Thomas Kenneth "Ken" Mattingly II (March 17, 1936 – October 31, 2023) was a NASA astronaut and a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy. He was one of the Apollo program astronauts, acting as support crew for Apollo 8 and Apollo 11. He also was the astronaut who helped with the development of the Apollo spacesuit and backpack. Mattingly should have been on Apollo 13, but he was removed from the crew a few days before the launch because he had been in contact with German measles. He was the Apollo Command Module pilot for Apollo 16 (April 16-27, 1972), which meant he stayed in orbit around the Moon while John Young and Charles Duke landed on the surface. During this time he performed 26 scientific experiments. He spent 3 days, 9 hours and 28 minutes by himself, the longest solo US space flight. On the return from the Moon, Mattingly completed a 1 hour, 13 minute, spacewalk.

After the Apollo missions, Mattingly become a Space Shuttle astronaut and flew two missions. The first was STS-4, from June 26 to July 4, 1982. This was the fourth and final orbital test flight for the Space Shuttle Columbia and Mattingly was the mission commander. STS-4 did 112 orbits of the Earth. His second mission was STS-51C in January 1985 in the Space Shuttle Discovery. Mattingly was again the mission commander for this short trip which launched equipment for the Department of Defense.

Mattingly was born in Chicago, Illinois. Educated in Florida, he completed a degree in aeronautical engineering at Auburn University. He joined the navy in 1958 and trained as a pilot. In 1966 he was chosen for the Apollo program. He spent 504 hours in space, and retired from NASA in 1985.

Mattingly died in Arlington, Virginia on October 31, 2023 at the age of 87.

Katarina Witt

Katarina Witt (born 3 December 1965) is a retired German figure skater. She won gold medals at the 1984 and 1988 Winter Olympics and competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics. She also won four World Championships and six European Championships. In 1995, Witt became a member of the World Figure Skating Hall of Fame.

Witt was born in East Germany and began skating at the age of five. She went to a special school for athletic children, where she met her coach, Jutta Muller. Witt won the European Championships for the first time in 1983. She won the gold medal in the 1984 Winter Olympics, and also won the World Championships later that year. At the 1988 Winter Olympics, Witt and her rival, Debi Thomas, both performed to Bizet's music from the opera "Carmen." Their competition for first place was called the "Battle of the Carmens." Witt won gold, and her artistic performance became famous. Witt competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics and finished seventh. Afterwards, she retired from competition.


 

Tony Martin

Tony Martin (born Alvin Morris, December 25, 1913 – July 27, 2012) was an American actor and singer who was married to performer Cyd Charisse for 60 years.

Martin was born as Alvin Morris in San Francisco, California, the son of Hattie (née Smith) and Edward Clarence Morris.

In movies, he was first cast in a number of bit parts, including a role as a sailor in the movie "Follow the Fleet" (1936), starring Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. He eventually signed with 20th Century-Fox and then Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in which he starred in a number of musicals. Between 1938 and 1942, he made a number of hit records for Decca Records. Martin was featured in the 1941 Marx Brothers film "The Big Store", in which he played a singer and performed the now infamous (at least with Marx Brothers fans) "Tenement Symphony", which was written by Hal Borne, who became his long-time musical director.

In 1937 he married Alice Faye, with whom he had starred in several films. They divorced in 1941. Martin remarried, to actress and dancer Cyd Charisse in 1948. They remained married until her death in 2008. They had one son together, Tony Martin, Jr. (August 28, 1950 – April 10, 2011), who predeceased his father. Martin adopted Charisse's son, Nicky, from her first marriage

Martin died on the evening of July 27, 2012, of natural causes. He was 98.



Zack Snyder

Zachary Edward "Zack" Snyder (born March 1, 1966) is an American actor, director, screenwriter, and producer, best known for action/science fiction movies.

After making his career debut with the 2004 remake "Dawn of the Dead", he gained wide recognition with the 2007 box office hit "300", adapted from writer-artist Frank Miller's Dark Horse Comics miniseries of 300, and later went on to direct the 2009 superhero film "Watchmen", an adaptation of the Watchmen a comic book of the same name. He is the co-founder of Cruel and Unusual Films, a production company he established in 2004, alongside his wife Deborah Snyder and producing partner Wesley Coller.

His first family film was the 2010 animated family adventure film "Legend of the Guardians: The Owls of Ga'Hoole", based on the first three books of the series by Kathryn Lasky. He directed "Sucker Punch".

In recent years, he directed "Man of Steel", "" and "Justice League". After Joss Whedon replaced him in "Justice League", fans petitioned Warner Bros. to release Snyder's version of the movie. In May 2020, his version, titled "Zack Snyder's Justice League", will be released in 2021.

Snyder was born on March 1, 1966 in Green Bay, Wisconsin. He has been married to Deborah Snyder since 2004.

In March 2017, Snyder's daughter committed suicide, forcing Snyder to drop out from the "Justice League" production.


Janine Turner

Janine Turner (born Janine Loraine Gauntt; December 6, 1962) is an American movie and television actress. She starred in the television drama "Northern Exposure" (which started in 1990 and ended in 1995) and in the movies "Steel Magnolias" and "Cliffhanger". She was born in Lincoln, Nebraska.

Emmy Award

Golden Globe Award

Screen Actors Guild Awards

Young Artist Award


Deborah Snyder

Deborah Snyder (née Johnson) is an American producer of movies and television commercials. She is married to moviemaker Zack Snyder. She has often worked with him on movies such as "Watchmen" and "300". She is the co-founder of the production company Cruel and Unusual Films.

Snyder is currently married to moviemaker Zack Snyder. They met in 1996. They married on September 25, 2004. The wedding was at St. Bartholomew's Episcopal Church in Manhattan, New York. They currently live in Pasadena, California.


Diane Lane

Diane Lane (born January 22, 1965) is an American movie actress.

Born and raised in New York City, New York. Lane made her career debut at the age of 13 in George Roy Hill's 1979 movie "A Little Romance", starring opposite Sir Laurence Olivier. Soon after, she was featured on the cover of "Time" magazine. She has since appeared in several notable movie, including the 2002 movie "Unfaithful", which earned her Academy Award, Golden Globes and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations. She appeared in Zack Snyder's movie "Man of Steel".

She played Hillary Rodham Clinton in the 2013 NBC four-hour miniseries "Hillary".

Lane has been married to actor Josh Brolin since 2004. She filed for divorce in February 2013. She was previously married to actor Christopher Lambert from 1988 to 1994.


Richard Lynch

Richard Hugh Lynch (February 12, 1940 – June 19, 2012) was an Irish-American actor best known for playing villains in movies and television. He often appeared in science fiction productions, including "Battlestar Galactica" (as Wolfe) and its sequel series "Galactica 1980" (as Commander Xaviar). He also appeared in such shows as "Starsky and Hutch", "T. J. Hooker", "The A-Team", "Charmed" and "".

Richard Lynch was born on February 12, 1940 in Brooklyn, New York City to Irish Catholic parents. His younger brother is actor Barry Lynch. Lynch served in the United States Marine Corps.Lynch was trained at The Actors Studio and at the HB Studios.

In while acting, Lynch was also a musician and played the saxophone, guitar, piano, and flute. He also enjoyed fishing, poetry, and architecture. He held Republic of Ireland citizenship through his Irish born parents and was a frequent visitor to Ireland. With Barry, the two brothers starred together in the films "Nightforce" and "Total Force". Lynch's wife Lily starred with him in the film "Breaking the Silence" (1998) and son Christopher Lynch starred with him in the science fiction film "Trancers II". 

Through the years, Lynch worked with old friend and colleague Don Calfa in the films "Necronomicon" (1993), "Toughguy" (1995), "Corpses Are Forever" (2003), and "Lewisburg" (2009).

Lynch had married twice — once to Béatrix Lynch (their son Christopher died in 2005 from pneumonia), and later to Lily Lynch. His body was found in his home in Yucca Valley, California on June 19, 2012. It is not known if Lynch died on June 18 or 19. After not having heard from Lynch for several days, friend and actress Carol Vogel went to his home to find the door open and his body in his kitchen. She then called 9-1-1 He was survived by his brother Barry and sisters Carole Taylor and Cathy Jones. News reports following his death incorrectly identified his birth year as 1936, but the LA Times obituary published by his family correctly listed the year as 1940.


Jenna von Oy

Jenna von Oÿ (born May 2, 1977) is an American country music singer-songwriter and actress. She is best known for her acting in the sitcom "Blossom". She has acted in other television series as well as in movies. Von Oÿ was born in Danbury, Connecticut.

Barry Lynch

Barry J. Lynch (born Brooklyn, New York) is an American actor. His older brother, Richard Lynch, was also an actor who appeared in "".


Allison Janney

Allison Brooks Janney (born November 19, 1959) is an Emmy Award American movie, television and voice actress. She is best known for her roles in the television drama "The West Wing" for which she received several Emmy Awards. She starred in the 1999 Oscar winning movies "American Beauty" and "Juno" as well as many other movies.

In 2017, Janney starred as LaVona Fay Golden in the black comedy "I, Tonya". She won an Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Screen Actors Guild Award, Satellite Award and a Golden Globe Award for her role as Golden in 2018.

Robert Culp

Robert Martin Culp (August 16, 1930 – March 24, 2010) was an American actor, scriptwriter, voice actor and director.

Culp was born in Oakland, California, and graduated from Berkeley High School, where he was a pole vaulter, taking second place at the 1947 CIF California State Meet. He attended the University of the Pacific, Washington University in St. Louis, San Francisco State University, and the University of Washington School of Drama, but never completed an academic degree. 

Culp is widely known for his work in television. Culp first earned an international reputation for his role as Kelly Robinson on "I Spy" (1965–1968), the espionage series in which he and co-star Bill Cosby played a pair of secret agents. The 1980's brought him back to TV again, starring as FBI Agent Bill Maxwell on "The Greatest American Hero". He also had a recurring role as Warren Whelan on "Everybody Loves Raymond". In all, Culp gave hundreds of performances in a career spanning more than 50 years.

Culp married five times and was the father of three sons, Joshua (1958), Jason (1961) and Joseph (1963), and two daughters, Rachel (1964) and Samantha (1982). From 1967 to 1970, he was married to Eurasian actress France Nuyen, whom he had met when she guest-starred on "I Spy". She appeared in four episodes, two of them written by Culp himself.

Culp wrote scripts for a total of seven episodes, one of which he also directed. He also wrote scripts for other television series, including "Trackdown", "The Rifleman" and "The Greatest American Hero".

Culp died on March 24, 2010, suffering a heart attack while taking a walk in Los Angeles, California. Culp's remains were buried in the Sunset View Cemetery in El Cerrito, California, located not far from his hometown of Oakland.


Lee Wallace

Lee Wallace (born Leo Melis, July 15, 1930 – December 20, 2020) was an American movie, stage, radio and television actor. Wallace only had movie roles in; "Used People" (1992), "Batman" (1989) as Gotham City's mayor William Borg, "Private Benjamin" (1980) as Mr. Waxman, and as the Mayor of New York City in "The Taking of Pelham One Two Three" (1974), "The Muppets Take Manhattan" as the Mayor of New York City. On Broadway, he appeared in "A Teaspoon Every Four Hours", "Unlikely Heroes", "The Secret Affairs of Mildred Wild", "Molly", "Zalmen or The Madness of God", "Some of My Best Friends", "Grind" and "The Cemetery Club". 

Wallace was born in Brooklyn, New York on July 15, 1930 to Celia (née Gross) and Eddie Melis. Wallace died on December 20, 2020 at his New York City home after a long-illness, aged 90.


IC 1101

IC 1101 is a supergiant lenticular galaxy at the center of the Abell 2029 galaxy cluster. It, along with its cluster is 1.07 billion light years away in the constellation of Virgo. It has a diameter of 400,000 to 550,000 light-years.

The galaxy has a diameter of about 400,000 to 550,000 light-years, as measured using the D isophote and the 2MASS survey. It is the central galaxy of a huge galaxy cluster called Abell 2029 which has a mass (mostly dark matter) of roughly 100 trillion times that of the Sun. IC 1101 is also known as A2029-BCG, as it is the brightest member of the aforementioned cluster Abell 2029 . IC 1101 is more than seven times the size of the Milky Way. If it were in place of our galaxy, it would swallow up the Milky Way and some neighboring satellite galaxies, including the Large Magellanic Cloud and the Small Magellanic Cloud. It also has the largest core of any galaxy, at a core diameter of around 13,000 light-years, bigger than the previous largest core of any galaxy which is at 10,000 light-years, in the elliptical galaxy A2261-BCG .



Vostok 2

Vostok 2 (, "Orient 2" or "East 2") was a Soviet space mission. It carried cosmonaut Gherman Titov into orbit for a full day to study the effects of a long period of weightlessness on the human body. Titov orbited the earth over 17 times. Yuri Gagarin in Vostok 1 had only done one orbit.

The flight was an almost complete success. Problems included not turning on a heater which meant the temperature dropped to , a period of space sickness, and problems on re-entry when the reentry module failed to separate cleanly from its service module.

Titov took manual control of the spacecraft for a short while. The Soviets admitted that Titov did not land with his spacecraft. Titov said he ejected from his capsule to test another landing system. It is now known that all Vostok program landings were done this way.

The re-entry capsule was destroyed during development of the Voskhod spacecraft.

As of 2012, Titov is the youngest person to reach space. He was 25 years old at launch.

Thérèse of Lisieux

Saint Thérèse of Lisieux (1873 - 1897) (aka. St Therese of the Child Jesus/ Sainte Thérèse de Lisieux) is Doctor of the Catholic church, which means that her life and writings are considered particularly important for Catholics. She is also called the Little Flower of Jesus. She lived in France as a nun, and died at 24 from tuberculosis. Mother Teresa chose her name in honor of her.

Delphinus

Delphinus is a genus of dolphin, commonly known as the "Common Dolphin". There are two species in this genus, the Short-beaked Common Dolphin ("Delphinus delphis"), and the Long-beaked Common Dolphin ("Delphinus capensis"). But some studies say that there is a third species, the "Arabian Common Dolphin" ("Delphinus tropicalis"), which has a long, thin beak and is found in the Indian Ocean and the Red Sea.

Both, the Short-beaked Common Dolphin and the Long-beaked Common Dolphin are medium-sized dolphins. Adults grow between the lengths of 1.9 to 2.5 meters (6.2 to 8.2 ft), and weigh around 80 to 235 kg (180 to 520 lb). Males are longer and heavier than females. They are dark grey on the back, the belly is white, and the sides are light grey, gold, or yellow in color. 

Common Dolphins live in both, warm temperate and tropical waters from 40°N to 50°S. They eat many species of fish like sardines, herrings, and bonitos, octopuses and squids. They are fast swimmers, swimming up to the speed of 60 km per hour. They have made dives up to 200 meters (660 ft) deep. 

Common Dolphins are pregnant for around 10 to 11 months before giving birth to young which are 70 to 100 centimeters (2.3 to 3.3 ft) long, and weigh around 10 kg (22 Ib). They give birth to 1 young at a time. Females mature between the age of 2 and 7 years old and males mature between the age of 3 and 12 years old. They live for around 35-40 years.

At first it was thought that there was only one species of the Delphinus genus, the Short-beaked Common Dolphin ("Delphinus Delphis"). But later, studies showed that there was another species, the Long-beaked Common Dolphin ("Delphinus Capensis"). The difference between the Short-beaked Common Dolphin and the Long-beaked Common Dolphin, is that the Short-beaked Common Dolphin is smaller in size and has a smaller beak than the Long-beaked Common Dolphin. Now scientist say there is a third species, the Arabian Common Dolphin ("Delphinus Tropicalis") which has a long, thin beak and lives in the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean, but it is not confirmed. 

Elizabeth Berkley

Elizabeth Berkley (born July 28, 1974, in Farmington Hills, Michigan) is an American movie and television actress. She is best known for her role in "Saved by the Bell". She also acted in the 1995 erotic drama "Showgirls", which garnered controversy due to its intense sexuality. Most of her movies are independent movies.

Berkley is Jewish.

Cartwheel galaxy

The Cartwheel galaxy (also known as "ESO 350-40") is a lenticular galaxy about 500 million light-years away in the constellation Sculptor.

It is about 150,000 light years across, slightly larger than the Milky Way. It has a mass of about solar masses, and rotates at .

It was discovered by Fritz Zwicky in 1941. Zwicky said his discovery was "one of the most complicated structures awaiting its explanation on the basis of stellar dynamics".

The Cartwheel galaxy shows radio and optical spokes, but they are not the same spokes.

The galaxy was a normal spiral galaxy before it had a collision with a smaller galaxy about 200 million years ago. When the nearby galaxy passed through the Cartwheel Galaxy, the power of the collision sent a strong shock wave through the galaxy. Moving at high speed, the shock wave moved gas and dust. This made a starburst around the galaxy's center. This explains the blue colored ring around the center, bright section. It can be seen that the galaxy is beginning to take the shape of a normal spiral galaxy again, as spiral arms (The spokes) are spreading out from a central core.

There are other possible explanations of the ring-like appearance.


Messier 49

Messier 49 (also known as "NGC 4472") is an elliptical galaxy about away in the constellation of Virgo. This galaxy was discovered by French astronomer Charles Messier in 1771. Messier 49 is 4.1° west-southwest of the star Epsilon Virginis.

Messier 49 was the first member of the Virgo Cluster of galaxies to be discovered. It is the most luminous member of that cluster and is brighter than any galaxy closer to the Earth. This galaxy is part of the smaller Virgo B subcluster 4.5° away from the dynamic center of the Virgo Cluster, which is centered on Messier 87. Messier 49 is gravitationally interacting with the dwarf irregular galaxy UGC 7636. 

Messier 49 has the radio emission of a normal galaxy. However, the core of the galaxy is emitting X-rays, which suggests the presence of a supermassive black hole of , or 565 million times the mass of the Sun. To the southwest of the core, the luminous outline of the galaxy can be traced out to a distance of 260 thousand parsecs. The only supernova event observed within this galaxy is SN 1969Q, discovered in June 1969.

This galaxy has a large collection of globular clusters, estimated at about 5,900. However, this count is far exceeded by the 13,450 globular clusters orbiting the supergiant elliptical galaxy Messier 87. On average, the globular clusters of M 49 are about 10 billion years old. Between 2000–2009, strong evidence for a stellar mass black hole was discovered in an M 49 cluster. A second candidate was announced in 2011.

National Astronomical Observatory of Japan

, also known as NAOJ, is a Japanese astronomy research organization. NAOJ has several facilities in Japan; and it has an observatory on Mauna Kea in Hawaii.

NAOJ was established in 1988. Three institutions merged. They were the 

In 2004, NAOJ became part of the National Institutes of Natural Sciences (NINS). NINS was created to promote collaboration among researchers of the five constituent institutes. NAOJ merged with four other national institutes. They were








Short-beaked common dolphin

The short-beaked common dolphin ("Delphinus delphis") is one of the two species of the genus, Delphinus. It is found in warm temperate and tropical waters of the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean. It is also found in the Caribbean and the Mediterranean Sea.

The short-beaked common dolphin is a medium-sized dolphin, but is smaller than the other species of the genus Delphinus, the long-beaked common dolphin. Adults grow between the lengths of 1.6 to 2 meters (5.2 to 6.6 ft), and weigh between 70 and 235 kg (150 to 520 Ib). Short-beaked common dolphins are said to be heavier than the Long-beaked common dolphin. The back of the short-beaked common dolphin is dark grey, the belly is white, and the sides are light grey, gold or yellow.

Short-beaked common dolphins eat fish like cod, herrings, sardines, and flying fish. They also eat octopuses, squids, cuttlefish, and crustaceans.

Female short-beaked common dolphins are pregnant for around 10 to 11 months before giving birth to young which are 70 to 100 cm (2.3 to 3.3 ft) long, and weigh about 10 kg (22 Ib). Males mature at the age of between 3 and 12 years old, and females mature at the age of between 2 and 7 years old. They live for around 35 years, but some live for only 22 years.

The short-beaked common dolphin was first thought to be the only species of the genus, Delphinus. But soon, studies show that there is another species, the long-beaked common dolphin ("Delphinus capensis"). The difference between the short-beaked common dolphin and the long-beaked common dolphin is that the short-beaked common dolphin is smaller in size and has a smaller beak than the long-beaked common dolphin.

Cheryl Tiegs

Cheryl Rae Tiegs (born September 25 1947 in Breckenridge, Minnesota) is an American fashion model and actress. She is best known for her modeling for the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue". Tiegs has been on the cover of the "SI" Swimsuit Issue three times. She has also been on the covers of many other magazines. These include "Vogue", "Glamour", "Harper's" and "Time". Tiegs performed as herself in the sitcom "Just Shoot Me".

From 1970 to 1979, she was married to movie director Stan Dragoti.

Patrika Darbo

Patrika Darbo (born April 6, 1948 in Jacksonville, Florida) is an American movie and television actress. She played Nancy Wesley in the television soap opera "Days of Our Lives". She also acted in independent movies.

Messier 84

Messier 84 (also known as "NGC 4374") is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation of Virgo. M84 is in the heavily populated inner core of the Virgo Cluster of galaxies.

Radio observations and Hubble Space Telescope images of M84 have revealed two jets of matter shooting out from the galaxy's centre, as well as a disk of rapidly rotating gas and stars. This suggests there is a supermassive black hole at the centre of the galaxy. Its mass is 1.5 M, that is gravitation amounting to 15 billion solar masses.

Charles Messier discovered Messier 84 in 1781 when he searched for "nebulous objects" in the night sky. The object is the 84th in the Messier Catalogue.

Two supernovae have been observed in M84: SN 1957
and SN 1991bg.
Possibly, a third, SN 1980I is part of M84 or, alternatively, one of its neighboring galaxies, NGC 4387 and M86.

Ricardo Montalbán

Ricardo Montalbán (Ricardo Gonzalo Pedro Montalbán y Merino, November 25, 1920 – January 14, 2009) was a Mexican radio, television, theatre and movie actor. He had a career seven decades long (motion pictures from 1943 to 2006) and many notable roles.

During the mid-1970s, Montalbán was the spokesman in TV automobile advertisements for the Chrysler Cordoba, in which he praised the "soft Corinthian leather" used for its interior. He also advertised the Chrysler New Yorker.

From 1977 to 1984, he was famous as Mr. Roarke the main star in the television series "Fantasy Island". He played Khan Noonien Singh in the 1967 episode "Space Seed" of the first season of the , and the 1982 film "".

He won an Emmy Award in 1978 for his role in the miniseries "How the West Was Won" and a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Screen Actors Guild in 1993. Into his 80s, he continued to perform, often providing voices for animated films and commercials, and appearing in several "Spy Kids" films as "Grandfather Valentin".

Montalbán was born in Mexico City, Mexico on November 25, 1920. He grew up in the city of Torreón, the son of Spanish immigrants Ricarda Merino and Jenaro Montalbán, a store manager. He was married to Georgiana Belzer from 1944 until her death in 2007. They had four children.

Montalbán died from heart failure in his Los Angeles, California home on January 14, 2009, aged 88.


Subaru Telescope

The telescope is named after the Pleiades star cluster. 

In September 1999, former-Princess Sayako of Japan dedicated the telescope. For the dedication, an eyepiece was constructed so that Princess Sayako could look through it directly.


Kepler-22b

Kepler-22b is an extrasolar planet orbiting (going around) G-type star Kepler-22. It is located about 600 light years away from Earth in the constellation Cygnus. It was found by NASA's Kepler Space Telescope. It is also the first known planet to orbit within the habitable zone of a Sun-like star.

Kepler-22b's first transit in front of its host sun was observed on Kepler's third day of scientific operations in mid-2009. Kepler-22b's third transit was detected in late 2010. The Spitzer Space Telescope provided more data that confirmed Kepler-22b's transits. On December 5, 2011, the confirmation of the existence of Kepler-22b was announced. 

Kepler-22b's radius is roughly 2.4 times the radius of Earth. Its mass and surface composition remain unknown, with only some very rough estimates established: It has less than 124 Earth masses at the 3 sigma confidence limit, and less than 36 Earth masses at 1 sigma confidence.

It is thought that the object has a mass similar to that of Neptune (~35 Earth masses). Another possibility is that Kepler-22b is an "ocean-like" world. It might also be comparable to the water-rich planet GJ 1214 b although Kepler-22b, unlike GJ 1214 b, is in the habitable zone. If it has an Earth-like composition, the compression of material in the interior of the planet would give an overall mass greater than 40 Earth masses. Such a planet would also produce surface gravity greater than 7 times that on Earth. This is ruled out to at least 1-sigma uncertainty by radial velocity measurements of the system, suggesting Kepler-22b does not have Earth-like composition. It is likely to have a more volatile-rich composition with a liquid or gaseous outer shell; this would make it similar to Kepler-11f, the smallest known gas planet.

"If it is mostly ocean with a small rocky core," Natalie Batalha, one of the scientists on the project, speculated "it's not beyond the realm of possibility that life could exist in such an ocean." This possibility of life has spurred SETI to perform research on top candidates for extraterrestrial intelligence. However, if the planet's carbon cycle has ceased due to lack of oceans and plate tectonics, Kepler-22b may turn out to be a searing, sterile super-Venus.

The only parameters of the planet's orbit that are currently available are its period, which is about , and its inclination which is approximately 90°, so that it transits the disk of its star as seen from Earth.

No information is available about the shape of the planet's orbit. Many extrasolar planets are known to move in highly elliptical orbits. We only know that the semi-major axis of its orbit is within its host star's habitable zone. If Kepler-22b has a highly elongated orbit it may well only spend a small fraction of its time within this habitable zone, which would cause extreme temperature differences on the planet and make it inhospitable.

In order to obtain information about the shape of the planet's orbit, other methods of planetary detection, such as the radial velocity method, need to be used. While such methods have been performed on the planet after its discovery, they have not yet detected what the orbital eccentricity of the planet actually is, and have as of March 2012 only set an upper limit on the mass of the planet.

The average distance from Kepler-22b to its host star Kepler-22 is about 15% less than the distance from Earth to the Sun but the luminosity (light output) of Kepler-22 is about 25% less than that of the Sun. This combination of a shorter average distance from the star and a lower stellar luminosity are consistent with a moderate surface temperature at that distance if we assume that the surface is not subject to extreme greenhouse heating. 

If the planet is found to move in a highly elliptical orbit, its surface temperature will vary from a higher temperature when close to Kepler-22 to lower when further away. If the orbit is indeed highly elliptical, then the temperature variance range will be extreme.

Scientists can estimate the possible surface conditions as follows:


Western scrub jay

A Western scrub jay ("Aphelocoma californica") is a type of jay bird in Western North America. They live in forests and look for food on the ground. They eat acorns, hairy caterpillars, beetles, wasps, corn, nuts, fruit, lizards, and other things.

Jill Ireland

Jill Dorothy Ireland (April 24, 1936 - May 18, 1990) was an English actress. She was born in London. She was in many movies. She also did some television performances. She was married to the actor Charles Bronson. Ireland died in Malibu, California due to breast cancer.

Cynthia Nixon

Cynthia Ellen Nixon (born April 9, 1966) is an American actress, activist and politician. She is most well known role comes from playing Miranda Hobbes in the HBO series "Sex and the City" (1998-2004). She has had other movie and TV starring acts as well. In 2016, she played Nancy Reagan in the television movie "Killing Reagan". 

On March 19, 2018, she announced via Twitter that she was running for Governor of New York.

Vostok (rocket family)

The Vostok rocket was developed by the Soviet Union to as their main launch vehicle for space flights. It was based on the R-7, an ICBM designed by Sergei Korolev and first launched in 1957. An R-7 rocket was used to carry Sputnik 1 into space on October 4, 1957. It was a single rocket with 4 booster engines attached to the sides, which acted like a multi stage rocket. The Vostok was an R-7 with an extra upper stage rocket, called Blok-E. This upper stage would fire as the lower stages ran out of fuel (a mix of kerosene and liquid oxygen. 

The Vostok was the first rocket with enough power to reach a solar orbit, with Lunar 1, launched on January 2, 1959. Luna 2 was the first rocket to reach the Moon, launched September 14, 1959. Luna 3, launched October 4, 1959, was able to take photographs of the far side of the Moon.

A Vostok rocket carried the Vostok 1 spacecraft, carrying Yuri Gagarin, the first person to go into space on April 12, 1961. Vostok 6 carried Valentina Tereshkova, the first woman in space on June 16, 1963.

Robin Wright

Robin Gayle Wright (born April 8, 1966 in Dallas, Texas) is an American actress. Her roles include starring as Jenny in the Academy Award winning movie "Forrest Gump". She played in many other movies and television series. Wright was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award for her acting in the soap opera "Santa Barbara".

Wright was married to actor Sean Penn from 1998 until 2010. They have 2 children.

Australian Aboriginal astronomy

Australian Aborigines were some of the first people in the world to develop ideas with astronomy. It is possible that their interpretation of astronomy is the oldest still alive today. Studying astronomical subjects – such as the Sun, Moon, stars and planets – and the way they appeared to move was used as a way to find and explain the relationship between people, nature and the sky. The ideas that came from this contributed to their basic perception of the universe (their cosmology), and still form an important part of traditional culture and knowledge. Many legends, art forms, music and ceremonies originate from interpretations of astronomical phenomena and objects in the sky. Many Aboriginal groups give spiritual or mythological meanings to these things. Some groups used their knowledge of the movement of objects across the sky to develop practical tools like calendars.

Old Australian Aboriginal culture is an oral tradition, so knowledge of astronomy has been passed down through stories, song and dance. A lot of knowledge is kept secret, only passed to those who have been initiated. As in all aspects of Aboriginal society, some things are only known to men, other things are only known to women. The earliest written account of Aboriginal astronomy was published in 1857. It was written by Edward Stanbridge, an Englishman who became friends with the Boorong people of Victoria. 

Astronomy is a huge part of Aboriginal people's social, cultural and religious knowledge. It has little relation to the scientific theory of Western thinking. There are many different Aboriginal groups in Australia, and each interpret the sky in different ways. The interpretations all developed along the same lines and share the same basic themes, but can be very different in meaning. Most objects and phenomena are interpreted as figures or events in the Dreaming. Unlike in other ancient cultures, these legends and beliefs are still part of modern life for Australian Aborigines.

In most Aboriginal cultures, the Sun is regarded as a woman, and the Moon is a man. Tradition in Arnhem Land says that each morning, the Sun wakes up and lights a fire at her camp in the east. She then gets up and carries a torch across the sky from east to west, creating daylight. The Yolngu call her Walu, and believe that at sunrise and sunset her ochre body paint is brushed onto the clouds. At night, she is said to travel under ground back to her camp in the east. Similar stories are used to explain the phases of the Moon. For example, the Kuwema people say that at each full moon, he grows fat by eating the spirits of those who disobey tribal law. Some coastal peoples, such as the Yolngu, clearly saw the connection between the Moon and the tides. In other groups, the Moon is linked with fertility due to the similar pattern of the lunar cycle and the female menstrual cycle.

Solar and lunar eclipses were widely explained as the male Moon and female Sun mating with or marrying each other. Several astronomers note that these explanations show Aborigines understood that eclipses are caused by the paths of the Sun and Moon crossing each other. Norris (2009) argues that early Aborigines must have had a very good understanding of this in order to identify a lunar eclipse as being caused by the alignment of the Sun and Moon (since the Sun does not actually appear in the sky).

In his study of the central desert peoples, anthropologist Charles P. Mountford wrote that most, if not all, of the stars seen in the southern hemisphere had Aboriginal myths associated with them. Most groups distinguish red, white, blue and yellow stars. Stars are often grouped together in unique ways – some groups classify stars using social kinship systems. So many of the constellations known to Aboriginal groups are different to those known to Western astronomers.

The broad band of the Milky Way that runs across the sky at night is commonly interpreted by Aboriginal groups as a legendary river. Several groups in the central desert believe the river divides two tribes of ancestor spirits who live on either side. To some groups, the stars along the river represent fish; other groups, such as the Yolngu, believe the stars are the campfires of their ancestors. Other groups identfy the Milky Way as the Rainbow Serpent, a major creator being.

The Emu is a constellation known to many Aboriginal groups in Australia. It is not a constellation in the usual sense, because it is defined by areas of dark shadow between the bands of the Milky Way (caused by dust and gas clouds in space), rather than by stars. The emu's head is the very dark Coalsack nebula, next to the Southern Cross. The body and legs are other dark clouds trailing out along the Milky Way and across the Scorpius constellation.

This shape in the sky is said to have influenced the style of the emus drawn on rock art. Where it appeared in the sky during the course of the year indicated when ceremonies should be held. Just north of Sydney is a well-known set of rock engravings, one of which is an emu in the same pose and orientation as the emu in the sky. In autumn, the emu in the sky will stand directly over her portrait on the rock, indicating to the Kuring-gai people that it is time to gather emu eggs.

At the head of the emu, the Southern Cross is easily spotted in the sky, and there are many different interpretations of this constellation across Australia. Several groups identify it as an eagle, a sky god, or both. For the Arrernte, it represents the foot of Waluwara, an eagle spirit – the four bright stars mark his talons, and the Coalsack is his nest. To the Ngarrindjeri of South Australia, the Southern Cross is a stingray being chased by two sharks. The sharks, which is a sacred totem to the Ngarrindjeri, are represented by Alpha Centauri and Beta Centauri. In Victoria, the Boorong people identified the Southern Cross as the possum Bunya hiding from an emu spirit whose outline could be seen in the Coalsack nebula. To the Wardaman, the Coalsack is the head of a "law man". In 1972, the poet Oodgeroo Noonuccal wrote of the Southern Cross as the hands and feet of a wise leader named Mirabooka, who was given eternal life as a spirit in the sky.

Aboriginal interpretations of the constellations Orion and Pleiades are very similar to the stories about them in Greek mythology. The stars of Orion are widely associated with young men – usually fishermen or hunters – while the seven stars of Pleiades are usually seen as young women. The two constellations often appear in legend together, and are part of the Dreamings of several language groups.

In the central desert region, the Pleiades are said to be seven sisters running away from the unwelcome attentions of a man represented by some of the stars in Orion. In Pitjantjatjara legend, the Pleiades represent the Kungkarungkara, a group of seven ancestral sisters. They are guarded by a pack of dingos from Njiru, the hunter, who is the stars in Orion's Belt. Njiru is said to have raped one of the sisters, who then died and became the darkest of the Pleiades stars. The sisters transformed into birds and fled to safety in the sky, but Njiru still chases after them. Other legends are less harsh: the Adnyamathanha, for example, believe the Pleiades are the wives of the stars in Orion. Tiwi people see them as a group of kangaroos being chased by a pack of dingos.

The similarity between these legends and the Orion and Pleiades of Greek mythology is believed to be a coincidence (by chance) – there is no proof of any cultural connection.

Yolngu people see the constellation of Orion as a canoe. They tell the story of three brothers who went fishing, and one of them ate a fish that was forbidden under their law. Seeing this, the Sun blew the three brothers and their canoe up into the sky. The three stars in the constellation's centre, which form Orion's Belt in Western mythology, are the three brothers. The Orion Nebula above them is the forbidden fish, and the bright stars Betelgeuse and Rigel are the front and back of the canoe. In this example, the astronomical legend has a clear message about a moral that people would follow on Earth. Aboriginal myths such as these are often focused around moral lessons, such as reminders of whether it is alright to eat certain types of food.

Tagai is a large constellation made up of Scorpius, Lupus, Centaurus, Crux, Corvus, with part of Hydra and one of the stars of Ara. In the culture of the Torres Strait Islanders, Tagai is a legendary sea hero. He is depicted as a fisherman standing in a canoe. His crew is represented by the six stars of the Pleiades and six stars of Orion. In the legend, Tagai's crew eats all the food and water that had been prepared for their journey. Tagai punishes them by tying them together and throwing them into the ocean. The stars in the sky are said to be their reflection.

The islanders used this constellation to tell the seasons. This calendar organised their cycle of fishing and farming, as well as their rituals and social activities. The appearance of the Pleiades told them that it was turtle-mating season, time for travelling and to prepare for planting before the rainy season.

Unexpected new arrivals in the sky, such as comets and meteors, were widely associated as omens of death or bad spirits. Ngarrindjeri people of the central desert say that a meteor is an omen of deathly disease. Tiwi-speaking people in New South Wales and the Kuninjku in Arnhem Land both interpreted meteors as the eyes of evil spirit creatures running across the sky hunting for the souls of the sick and dying. The idea of comets and meteors bringing misfortune and death was also shared by many other cultures around the world.

Impact events are also described in Aboriginal legends, including in creation stories about particular landforms. An example is the Arrernte story about the creation of Gosse's Bluff, an impact crater said to be nearly 150 million years old. According to the Arrernte legend, this was created by a baby's cradle that fell from the sky world. The baby's mother and father are the evening and morning stars (Venus), still searching for their baby. Several other legends from across Australia tell about falling stars that bring fire to the earth.

Aborigines traditionally used the stars to navigate to where they wanted to go. This is still the case in the remote outback, where there might not be any other signs or landmarks. They also use the Sun, the Moon and the stars to tell the time. Aboriginal calendars are usually more complex than those from Western culture. Many groups in northern Australia use a calendar with six seasons, and know what season it is by what stars can be seen during that period. In 1857, an Englishman named William Edward Stanbridge published the first written account of Aboriginal astronomy. He wrote about the Boorong people of northern Victoria, and how they used astronomy to better understand seasons. They thought of the constellation Lyra as a malleefowl (which they called "Neilloan"). It disappears from the southern sky in October, and this event told the Boorong that the bird's egg-laying season had begun.

Other groups know that when Orion first appears in the sky, dingo puppies are about to be born. When Scorpius appears, the Yolngu know that the Macassan fisherman would soon arrive to fish for sea cucumber and bring goods to trade. For the Pitjantjatjara, the rising of the Pleiades at dawn (in May) marks the start of the cool season, when some animals in the desert go into hibernation.


Elizabeth McGovern

Elizabeth McGovern (born July 18, 1961) is an American movie, television and stage actress. Her movies include "Johnny Handsome" (1989) and "Once Upon a Time in America" (1984). Most of her acting has been on stage or in television.

Ms. McGovern was also a member of the "Brat Pack", and unofficial group of young Hollywood actors who gained fame mainly in the 1980s.

Flag of Belize

The flag of Belize comes from the earlier flag of British Honduras. British Honduras is the name of Belize during the time the British ruled. 

The flag is royal blue. It has a white disc at the centre with the national coat of arms held by a white and a black man. They are surrounded by fifty mahogany leaves. The flag is bordered at top and bottom by two red stripes.

The colours on the flag are for the country's national parties. The People's United Party (PUP) uses the color blue. The United Democratic Party (Belize) (UDP) uses red. 

Coat of arms of Belize

The Coat of Arms of Belize began to be used when Belize became independent. The current coat of arms is only slightly different from that used when Belize was a British colony.

The border is a circle of twenty-five leaves. Inside the circle is a mahogany tree. There are the tools of a woodcutter and a ship. These show the importance of mahogany in the 18th and 19th century Belizean economy. 

The shield is supported by two wood-cutters of different races. The one on the left is holding an axe. The one on the right is holding an oar. Again this shows the importance of the mahogany and its importance to boat building. 

At the bottom is the national motto: . This means "Under the Shade I Flourish".

The Flag of Belize has the coat of arms in its centre.

Land of the Free

Land of the Free is the national anthem of Belize. Samuel Alfred Haynes wrote the words. Selwyn Walford Young wrote the music. They did this in 1963. It became official in 1981.

Hondo River (Belize)

The Rio Hondo is a river of Central America. It is about 150 km (93.2 mi) in length. It flows in a northeasterly direction and ends in the Chetumal Bay on the Caribbean Sea. Most of border of Mexico and Belize runs along its length.

Many archaeological sites of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization are near the river's course.

The river is mentioned in a stanza of Belize's national anthem, "Land of the Free":


Rio Hondo

Río Hondo (Spanish for "deep river") or Hondo River may be:


Mopan people

Mopan are one of the Maya peoples in Belize and Guatemala. Their language is also called Mopan. It is one of the Yucatec Maya languages. 

The British forced the Mopan out of British Honduras and into Guatemala. The Mopan in Guatemala were made into slaves. In the 19th century, many Guatemalan Mopan came back into British Honduras.

In the 2000 Census, 6,093 Belizeans said Mopan was their first language. This was 3% the population.

Q'eqchi' people

Q'eqchi<nowiki>'</nowiki> (K'ekchi<nowiki>'</nowiki>, or simply Kekchi) are one of the Maya peoples in Guatemala and Belize. Their language is also called Q'eqchi'.

Before the Spanish came in the 1520s, Q'eqchi' were mostly in what are now the departments of Alta Verapaz and Baja Verapaz in Guatemala. With the activity the Q'eqchi' moved into other regions of Guatemala, southern Belize, and smaller numbers in El Salvador, Honduras and southern Mexico.

Ambergris Caye

Ambergris Caye is the largest island of Belize. It is in the northeast of the country in the Caribbean Sea. It is administered as part of the Belize District. The closest point on the mainland is part of the Corozal District. Caye is pronounced as "key". It means an island. 

The Caye is about long from north to south, and about wide. It was named after large lumps of ambergris which washed ashore here.

The Belizean island is mostly a ring of white sand beach around mangrove swamp in the centre.

A Maya community lived on the island in Pre-Columbian times. They made polished red ceramics. 
San Pedro Town is the largest settlement and only town on Ambergris. There are a number of small villages and resorts. 

The main attractions are the Belize Barrier Reef and its beaches. The barrier reef is the second-largest in the world. Only the Great Barrier Reef of Australia is bigger. 

Izabal Department

Izabal is one of the 22 departments of Guatemala. Its coastal areas are part of the homeland of the Garifuna people.
Izabal is bordered to the north by Belize, to the north east by the Gulf of Honduras, and to the east by Honduras. It is bordered by the Guatemalan departments of Petén to the north west, Alta Verapaz to the west, and Zacapa to the south.

The department of Izabal surrounds Lago Izabal. It is Guatemala's largest lake at about 48 km long and 24 km wide, with an area of about 590 km². The Spanish Colonial fort of San Felipe overlooks the point where the lake flows into the Río Dulce.

The small town of Izabal is on the south shore of the lake. Before the ports of Livingston and Puerto Barrios were built in the 19th century this was Guatemala's main Caribbean Sea port. It was the original seat of Izabal department. Now Izabal town is a remote village that gets little traffic.

From the area around Lake Izabal, the Department of Izabal stretches along the Río Dulce to the coast of the Caribbean Sea.

The department of Izabal includes the ports of Puerto Barrios (the departmental seat), Santo Tomás de Castilla, Livingston and Guatemala's free trade zone Zolic. Izabal also includes the Pre-Columbian Maya ruins of Quirigua.


List of SpongeBob SquarePants episodes

SpongeBob SquarePants is an animated television series broadcast on Nickelodeon, an American cable network. The series started showing on July 17, 1999.

The first season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" premiered on July 17, 1999. The season ended on April 8, 2000. The DVD for the season was released in Regions 1, 2, and 4 on October 28, 2003, November 7, 2005, and November 30, 2006, respectively. The pilot episode, "Help Wanted" was not included on the season one DVD. However, this episode was included as a bonus feature on the season three DVD. 41 episodes were produced this season.

The second season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" premiered on October 26, 2000, with the episodes "Something Smells" and "Bossy Boots". The season ended on September 6, 2002 with "Graveyard Shift" and "Krusty Love". The DVD for the season was released in Regions 1, 2, and 4 on October 19, 2004, October 23, 2006, and November 30, 2006, respectively. 39 episodes were produced this season.

The third season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" premiered on October 5, 2001, with the episodes "The Bully" and "Just One Bite". The season ended on October 11, 2004 with "SpongeBob Meets the Strangler" and "Pranks a Lot". The DVD for the season was released in Regions 1, 4 and 2 on September 27, 2005, November 8, 2007 and December 3, 2007 respectively. Following the season three finale, the series entered a hiatus that would last for over six months. During the hiatus, "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie" was released to cinemas. 37 episodes were produced this season.

The fourth season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" premiered on January 17, 2005, with the episodes "Fear of a Krabby Patty" and "Shell of a Man". The season ended on February 27, 2006 with "Best Day Ever" and "The Gift of Gum". Unlike the previous seasons, season four was released in two volume DVDs. The volume one DVD was released in Region 1 on September 12, 2006. The volume two DVD was released in Region 1 on January 9, 2007. The season set was released in its entirety in Region 2 on November 3, 2008. 38 episodes were produced this season.

The fifth season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" premiered on May 5, 2006, with the episode "Friend or Foe". The season ended on July 19, 2009 with the airing of "Goo Goo Gas". As in season four, the season DVDs were split into two volumes. The volume one DVD was released in Region 1 on September 4, 2007 while the second was released on November 18, 2008. 41 episodes were produced this season.

The sixth season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" premiered on March 3, 2008, with the episode "Krabby Road". The season ended on July 5, 2010 with "The Clash of Triton". Like seasons four and five, the season DVDs were split into two volumes. The volume one DVD was released in Region 1 on December 8, 2009, while the volume two DVD was released in Region 1 on December 7, 2010. 47 episodes were produced this season.

The seventh season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" was announced in March 2008. The season premiered on July 19, 2009 with the airings of "I ♥ Dancing", "Someone's in the Kitchen with Sandy", "Growth Spout", "Tentacle-Vision", "The Inside Job", and "Stuck in the Wringer", and will end in September 2012.

The eighth season of "SpongeBob SquarePants" was announced in December 2009. The season premiered on March 26, 2011 with the airings of "Oral Report" and "A Friendly Game". Season 8 consist of episodes 153-178. With the airing of "For Here or to Go", on April 12, 2012, it passed "Rugrats", which had 178 episodes, and became Nickelodeon's longest running cartoon.

On Monday January 3, 2011, Nickelodeon ordered 26 episodes for a ninth season, which was confirmed to start in 2012. This season consists of episodes 179-204, and marks the 200-episode milestone. The season began with the episodes "Extreme Spots" and "Squirrel Record" on July 21, 2012, and ended on February 20, 2017 with the episode "Goodbye, Krabby Patty?", making it the longest-running season of SpongeBob SquarePants to date; between the episodes "SpongeBob You're Fired" and "Lost in Bikini Bottom", production of this season went on hiatus to finish production of "". Starting from this season, episodes are now in HD widescreen. The DVD for this season was released on October 10, 2017 in region one.

Season 10 was officially announced on May 21, 2012. This season was supposed to start in 2014, but got delayed due to the production of "". The season began with the episode "Whirly Brains" on October 15, 2016, and ended on December 2, 2017, with the episode "The Incredible Shrinking Sponge". It is the shortest season of the series, having only 11 half-hours instead of 26; Vincent Waller said on his Twitter that this was due to accounting and contractual issues. The DVD for this season was released in region one on October 15, 2019, exactly three years after the season first premiered.

Season 11 was announced on March 3, 2016; it began on June 24, 2017, with the episodes "Spot Returns" and "The Check-Up", and ended on November 25, 2018, with the episode "Goons on the Moon". The DVD for this season was released in region one on March 31, 2020.

Season 12 was announced on May 5, 2017. It began on November 11, 2018 with the episode "FarmerBob", and finished on April 29, 2022 with the episode "Kwarantined Krab". This is the last season show creator Stephen Hillenburg was involved in before his death on November 26, 2018, with "Pineapple RV" being the last episode he oversaw full completion of before his death, according to Vincent Waller. The season includes the third hour-long special of the series, "SpongeBob's Big Birthday Blowout", which was made to celebrate the series' 20th anniversary, and is dedicated to the memory of Hillenburg. The DVD for this season was released on January 12, 2021, before several episodes premiered in the United States; however, "Kwarantined Krab" is not included on this DVD, due to the episode being unintentionally similar to the COVID-19 pandemic at the time of the DVD's release; this makes it the second season DVD to exclude an episode, after the Complete 1st Season, which excluded "Help Wanted".

Season 13 was announced on July 17, 2019. It began on October 22, 2020, with the episodes "A Place for Pets" and "Lockdown for Love," and ended on November 1, 2023 with the episode "Sandy, Help Us!" Originally set to contain 13 half-hours, it was extended to 26 half-hours on August 11, 2021. The season was released on DVD in region 1 on December 5, 2023.

Season 14 was announced on March 24, 2022. It began on November 2, 2023 with the episode "Single-Celled Defense."

Sarstoon River

Sarstoon River is a river in the Toledo District of Belize. It makes the country's southern border with Guatemala.

The river's sources are in Guatemala. There it is called by its Spanish name, Río Sarstún. It flows through the Guatemalan departments of Alta Verapaz and Izabal. Then it goes into Belize and through Toledo to the Caribbean Sea.

Channing Tatum

Channing Matthew Tatum (born on April 26, 1980 in Cullman, Alabama) is an American movie producer and actor. He is a main actor in the movies "Coach Carter", "Dear John", Easy A, "21 Jump Street", its sequel "22 Jump Street", "White House Down", "The Lego Movie", "Foxcatcher", "The Hateful Eight", and in "Hail, Caesar!".

Michael Hutchence

Michael Kelland John Hutchence (22 January 1960 – 22 November 1997) was an Australian recording artist and actor. He was best known as being one of the founding members and lead singer of the rock band INXS. 

Hutchence was also the lead singer for the band Max Q and acted in the movies "Frankenstein Unbound" and "Dogs in Space". 

In 1992, Hutchence was punched by a taxi driver in Copenhagen, knocking him to the ground. This caused Hutchence brain damage and depression. 

In July 1996, Paula Yates gave birth to their daughter.

Hutchence was found dead by a hotel maid in his hotel room at the Ritz-Carlton hotel in Double Bay, Sydney on 22 November 1997. He committed suicide by hanging himself with his snake skin belt. Hutchence had been a drug user and was using drugs just before his death.


Michael Bolton

Michael Bolotin (born February 26, 1953), better known as Michael Bolton, is an American singer, guitarist and songwriter. He has eight Top 10 records and received Grammy Awards as well as the American Music Awards. He began singing in hard rock, though he later went to the soft rock styles starting in the late 1980s and has stayed there since. He was born in New Haven, Connecticut with family from Ukraine.

Melanie Mayron

Melanie Joy Mayron (born October 20, 1952 near Philadelphia) is a movie actress and director who was featured in many television programs in the 1980s and 1990s. She also directed them, and directed many movies.

Audrina Patridge

Audrina Patridge (born 9 May 1985) is an American television personality and actress. She acted in several motion pictures. She is especially notable for being among the four original members of the MTV reality show "The Hills".

The Waltons

The Waltons (September 14, 1972-June 4, 1981) was an American television series. It was about a family in rural Virginia between 1933 and 1946, during the Great Depression and the Second World War. The series was distributed by Lorimar and syndicated via Warner Bros. Domestic Television Distribution. Six television movies followed this: three in 1982, and another three in the 1990s. The series lasted almost nine years. 

Although the story takes place in Virginia, the entire series was filmed in Los Angeles in the Warner Bros. Studios. The house (outside and inside) was build in the studio, just for the series. 
The mountain in the background (which has the Hollywood Sign that was hidden, and which was shown as heavily forested and green with special effects) stood in for the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia.

John Playfair

John Playfair FRSE, FRS (10 March 1748 – 20 July 1819) was a Scottish scientist and mathematician, and a professor of natural philosophy at the University of Edinburgh. 

He is perhaps best known for his book "Illustrations of the Huttonian Theory of the Earth" (1802), which summarised the work of James Hutton. It was through this book that Hutton's principle of uniformitarianism first reached a wide audience. The idea was later taken up by Charles Lyell and Charles Darwin. Playfair is also remembered for his proposal of an alternative to Euclid's parallel postulate.


Ryan Tannehill

Ryan Timothy Tannehill is an American quarterback who plays for the National Football League (NFL)'s Tennessee Titans. Tannehill used to play for the Miami Dolphins from 2012 to 2018.

Tannehill played for Texas A&M during his college career, after graduating from Texas' Big Spring High School.

During the 2012 NFL Draft, Tannehill was picked 8th by the Miami Dolphins. He was the first quarterback picked by the Dolphins in the first round of any NFL Draft since Dan Marino. On July 28, 2012, Tannehill signed his rookie contract, a 4-year deal worth $12.688 million. Tannehill started his first pro career game. He played poorly, throwing 0 touchdowns and 3 interceptions against the Houston Texans. Even though he had a poor first game, Tannehill showed signs of growth throughout his rookie season. Despite playing better as the season progressed, his play was still thought to be overall mediocre, as it was overshadowed by the play of other rookie quarterbacks, such as Andrew Luck, Robert Griffin III, and Russell Wilson.


Orivesi

Orivesi is a town and municipality in Finland. It is in Pirkanmaa. The municipality was founded in 1865. It has been classed as a town since 1986.

Nearby municipalities include Juupajoki, Jämsä, Kangasala, Kuhmoinen, Ruovesi and Tampere.

There were more than 9,600 people in Orivesi (as of January, 2014). The name "Orivesi" means "stallion water".


Messier 100

Messier 100 (also known as NGC 4321) is an example of a so-called 'grand design' spiral galaxy. It is visible in the southern part of constellation Coma Berenices. Messier 100 is one of the brightest and largest galaxies in the Virgo cluster, about 55 million light-years away, with a diameter of 160,000 light years. It was discovered by Pierre Méchain in 1781. Later it was entered in Messier’s catalogue of nebulae and star clusters after Charles Messier made observations of his own a month later. The galaxy was one of the first spirals discovered, and was listed as one of 14 spiral nebulae by the Earl of Rosse in 1850.

The galaxy has two satellite galaxies, NGC 4323 connected with M100 by a bridge of luminous matter and NGC 4328.

Messier 100 is considered a starburst galaxy with a radius of 1 kilo-parsec, where star formation has been taking place for least 500 million years in separate bursts. Star formation is concentrated in a ring actually two tightly wound spiral arms attached to a small nuclear bar.

As usual on spiral galaxies of the Virgo Cluster, in the rest of the disk both star formation and neutral hydrogen are reduced in the galaxy's disk, something caused by interactions in the Virgo cluster.

Other Grand design spiral galaxies

Akari (satellite)

The launch was a project of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA).

The satellite was launched on February 22, 2006. 

The primary mission of "Akari" was as a space observatory to survey the entire sky in near-, mid- and far-infrared with its infrared telescope.


Walkie-talkie

A walkie-talkie is a hand held two way radio receiver/transmitter or transceiver. It was developed in the Second World War. 

Radio engineer Alfred J. Gross worked on the early technology behind the walkie-talkie between 1934 and 1941. During the war it was developed by Donald L. Hings and engineering teams at Motorola led by Henryk Magnuski.

Typical walkie-talkies today are phone sized and have a push-to-talk button. Walkie-talkies are used for various reasons, in the military, for amateur radio, and for personal use.

The first walkie-talkie was so large it had to be carried in a backpack, and was called Motorola SCR-300. Motorola also made other Walkie-talkies during World War Two. During World War Two The first hand-held Walkie-talkies were also developed by Motorola during WWII. 

The idea of walkie-talkies did not get much interest until the war started in 1939. After a few years, the Motorola team had improved them so that the army could use them. There were also vehicle and tank versions. The British, Germans, and Americans all had their own versions. 

Motorola also produced the hand-held radio during World War II, and it was called the "handie-talkie" (HT). The terms are often confused today, but the original walkie talkie referred to the back mounted model, while the handie-talkie was the device which could be held entirely in the hand (but had vastly reduced range).

Walkie-talkies are widely used in many settings, including business, police force, military, and recreation. 

Abell 2142

Abell 2142 is a huge, X-ray luminous galaxy cluster in the constellation Corona Borealis. It is the result of an ongoing merger between two galaxy clusters. 

The combined cluster is six million light years across, contains hundreds of galaxies and "enough gas to make a thousand more". It is "one of the most massive objects in the universe".

The image on the right was taken in 1999 with the Chandra X-ray Observatory's 0.3-10.0 keV Advanced Imaging Spectrometer, and covers an area of 7.5 x 7.2 arc minutes. It shows a colossal cosmic "weather system" produced by the collision of two giant clusters of galaxies. For the first time, the pressure fronts in the system have been traced in detai. They show a bright, but relatively cool 50 million degree Celsius central region (white) embedded in large elongated cloud of 70 million degree Celsius gas (magenta), all of which is boiling in a faint "atmosphere" of 100 million degree Celsius gas (faint magenta and dark blue). The bright source in the upper left is an active galaxy in the cluster.

Abell 2142 is part of the Abell catalogue of rich clusters of galaxies originally published by UCLA astronomer George O. Abell (19271983) in 1958. It has a heliocentric redshift of 0.0909 (meaning it is moving away from us at 27,250 km/s) and a visual magnitude of 16.0. It is about 1.2 billion light years (380 megaparsecs) away.

Screen printing

Screen printing is a printing technique. It uses a woven mesh to support an ink-blocking stencil. The attached stencil has open areas of mesh that transfer ink or other printable materials. The ink or paint can be pressed through the mesh as a sharp image onto a material. 

A fill blade or squeegee is moved across the screen stencil, forcing ink through the mesh openings.

Julianne Hough

Julianne Alexandra Hough (born July 20 1988) is an American dancer, country music singer, songwriter and actress. She is best known for being a two-time champion on the ABC series "Dancing with the Stars". Her first album was released May 20, 2008. She acted in the 2011 remake of the movie "Footloose".

Hough is the second of five children. She has three sisters and a brother. All of her grandparents were professional dancers.

Jake Kaminski

Jake Kaminski (born August 11, 1988) is an American archer. He is best known for competing in the Summer Olympic Games. 

At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he was part of the men's archery team that won a silver medal.



Brady Ellison

Brady Ellison (born October 27, 1988) is an American athlete. He is an archer who competed in the Summer Olympic Games. 

At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he was part of the men's archery team that won a silver medal.



Crystal Bowersox

Crystal Lynn Bowersox (Born August 4, 1985, in Elliston, Ohio) is an American singer-songwriter and actress. She was the runner-up in the ninth season of "American Idol". Her debut album was "Farmer's Daughter", released in 2010. She was diagnosed with diabetes when she was age 6 and has been hospitalized several times since.

Kyoko Yano

Yano was born in Yokohama on June 3, 1984. After graduating from Kanagawa University, she joined Urawa Reds in 2007. In 2007 season, she was selected Best Young Player awards. She retired end of 2012 season. In 6 seasons, she played 111 matches in Nadeshiko League and she was selected Best Eleven every season.

In June 2003, Yano was a Kanagawa University student, she was selected to play for the Japan national team at the 2003 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 11, she debuted and scored a goal against Guam. She played at the World Cup 3 times (2003, 2007 and 2011) and at the Summer Olympics 3 times (2004, 2008 and 2012). Japan won the championship at the 2011 World Cup and silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She played 74 games and scored 1 goals for Japan until 2012.

David Brown

David Brown (July 28, 1916 – February 1, 2010) was an American movie producer. Brown and business partner Richard D. Zanuck were one of the most successful producers in Hollywood in the 1960s and in the 1970s.

Brown was born in New York City, the son of Lillian (née Baren) and Edward Fisher Brown. He was best known as the producing partner of Richard D. Zanuck. They were jointly awarded the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 1990 for their achievements in producing. Among their films were Steven Spielberg's "Jaws" (1975), and other box office hits such as "Cocoon" (1985), "Driving Miss Daisy" (1989) and "A Few Good Men" (1992).

Brown had one son (Bruce, from an earlier marriage) who died before him, and a half brother (Edward Fisher Brown Jr.).
Brown authored "Brown's Guide to the Good Life: Tears, Fears, and Boredom", which gives advice on life. He also wrote "Let Me Entertain You", an anecdotal auto-biography.

Brown died at his home in Manhattan from renal failure on February 1, 2010, at the age of 93.

Helen Gurley Brown

Helen Gurley Brown (February 18, 1922 – August 13, 2012) was an American author, publisher, and businesswoman. She was editor-in-chief of "Cosmopolitan" magazine for 32 years.

Brown was born in Green Forest, Arkansas on February 18, 1922, the daughter of Cleo and Ira Marvin Gurley.

After working at the William Morris Agency, Music Corporation of America, and Sam Jaffe talent agencies she went to work for Foote, Cone & Belding advertising agency as a secretary. Brown became well-known for her writing skills and moved her to the copywriting department where she advanced rapidly to become one of the nation's highest paid ad copywriters in the early 1960s. In 1959 she married David Brown, who later became the producer of "Jaws", "The Sting", "Cocoon", "Driving Miss Daisy", and other motion pictures.

In September, 2008, she was named the 13th most powerful American over the age of 80 by "Slate" magazine.

After more than 50 years of marriage, her husband, David Brown, died at age 93 on February 1, 2010.

Together with her husband David, Helen Gurley established the David and Helen Gurley Brown Institute for Media Innovation. This institution will be housed at both the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism and Stanford University School of Engineering|Stanford's Engineering School. Their $30 million donation to the two schools will be used to develop journalism in the context of new technologies.

Brown died at the McKeen Pavilion at New York-Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia after a brief hospitalization; she was 90. In its statement announcing the news, Hearst Publications did not disclose a cause.



Muscadine

Muscadine is a grapevine species. It is in the southeastern United States. They grow well in a warm and humid climate.

Muscadine berries are bronze to dark purple to black in color when ripe. However, many wild varieties stay green. Their skin is very tough. To eat the raw fruit a person bites a small hole in the skin to suck out the pulp inside. Muscadines are not only eaten fresh, but also are used in making wine, juice, and jelly.

Kathy Baker

Katherine Whitton "Kathy" Baker (born June 8, 1950) is an American movie and television actress. She acted in the movies "Edward Scissorhands", "The Cider House Rules" and "Cold Mountain". She also acted in the TV series "Picket Fences" and "Boston Public". She was born in Midland, Texas.

Bill Butler (cinematographer)

Wilmer C. “Bill” Butler, A.S.C. (April 7, 1921 – April 5, 2023) was an American cinematographer part of the New Hollywood generation. He shot "Jaws" (1975) and the first three "Rocky" sequels. He also completed 1974's "The Conversation" as well as 1975's "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" after Haskell Wexler was fired from both productions. Butler died just two days prior to his 102nd birthday.


Robert Shaw (actor)

Robert Archibald Shaw (9 August 1927 – 28 August 1978) was an English actor, novelist, playwright and screenwriter. Shaw is remembered for his roles in "From Russia with Love" (1963), "A Man for All Seasons" (1966), "The Sting" (1973), the original "The Taking of Pelham One Two Three" (1974), "Black Sunday" (1977), "The Deep" (1977) and "Jaws" (1975), where he played the shark hunter Quint. Robert Shaw was born in Westhoughton, near Bolton, Lancashire.

Shaw was married three times and had ten children, one of whom was adopted. His first wife was Jennifer Bourke (1952-63) with he had four daughters. His second wife was the actress Mary Ure (1963-75) with he had two sons and two daughters; this marriage ended with her death from an overdose. His third and last wife was Virginia Jansen (1976-78) with he had one son and adopted Jansen's son from a previous relationship. One of Shaw's sons by Mary Ure is the actor Ian Shaw.

Shaw had 10 children all together.

Shaw died from a heart attack on August 28, 1978 while on the set of "Avalanche Express" in Tourmakeady, County Mayo, Republic of Ireland.


Asuna Tanaka

Tanaka was born in Sakai on April 23, 1988. After graduating from Tokiwagi Gakuen High School, she joined Tasaki Perule FC in 2007. However, the club was disbanded in 2008 due to financial strain. She moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2009. She was selected Best Eleven in 2011 and 2012. She moved to German Bundesliga club Frankfurt in July 2013. In October 2014, she returned to INAC Kobe Leonessa. She moved to Korean WK League club Gyeongju KHNP.

In November 2008, Tanaka was selected by the Japan U-20 national team for the 2008 U-20 World Cup. In March 2011, Tanaka was selected by the Japan national team for the 2011 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 4, she debuted against Finland. In July, she played at the 2011 World Cup as Japan won the championship. She also played at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2015 World Cup. Japan won the 2nd place at both tournaments. She played 39 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 2016.


Jerry Hall

Jerry Faye Hall (born July 2, 1956 in Gonzales, Texas) is an American actress and model. She appeared in several movies., the most notable being "Batman" (1989). 

In November 1990, she married Mick Jagger. They had four children. The couple divorced in 1999. Hall has appeared on many magazine covers during her fashion modeling career. In 2016, she married Rupert Murdoch.

Leonardo Cimino

Leonardo Cimino (November 4, 1917 – March 3, 2012) was an American movie, television and stage actor. In 1937, he appeared in the original stage production of Marc Blitzstein's "The Cradle Will Rock". Leonardo's most well known roles are in the 1983 science fiction miniseries, "V" as Abraham Bernstein and the 1987 feature film "The Monster Squad" as the "scary German guy". Born in Manhattan, Cimino was the son of Andrea and Leonilda Cimino. Cimino was married to Sharon Powers until his death. Cimino died on March 3, 2012 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at his home in Woodstock, New York.



Warren Stevens

Warren Albert Stevens (November 2, 1919 – March 27, 2012) was an American stage, movie, and television actor.

Stevens was born on November 2, 1919 in Clarks Summit, Pennsylvania. He studied how to act at the Actor's Studio in New York City.

Stevens began his acting career after being in the U.S. Air Force as a pilot during World War II. He trained at The Actor's Studio in New York. He was noticed on Broadway in the late 1940s. Then he was offered a Hollywood contract at 20th Century Fox. 

His first Broadway role was in "The Life of Galileo" (1947). His first movie role followed in "The Frogmen" (1951). As a young studio contract player, Stevens had little choice in the jobs he took. He was in movies that included "Phone Call from a Stranger" (1952), "Wait Till the Sun Shines, Nellie" (1952), and "Gorilla at Large" (1954). His most memorable movie role was probably that of "Doc" Ostrow in the science fiction movie "Forbidden Planet" (1956). He also had a supporting role in "The Barefoot Contessa" (1954) with Humphrey Bogart.

Stevens was married to Susan Tucker Huntington from 1942 until they divorced. Then he was married to Barbara Finch from 1969 until they divorced. He had one child with Huntington and two with French. He lived in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California with his family.

Stevens died on March 27, 2012, in his home in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California from a lung disease. He was survived by three of his children.

Murray Hamilton

Murray Hamilton (March 24, 1923 – September 1, 1986) was an American stage, screen, and television actor who appeared in such memorable films as "The Hustler", "The Graduate", and "Jaws".

Born in Washington, North Carolina in Beaufort County, North Carolina in eastern North Carolina, Hamilton displayed an early interest in performing during his days at Washington High School just before the outbreak of World War II. Bad hearing kept him from enlisting, so he moved to New York City as a 19-year-old to find a career on stage.

His most famous movie roles is perhaps as the obdurate Amity Island mayor Larry Vaughn in the Steven Spielberg shark thriller "Jaws". Hamilton also appeared in its sequel "Jaws 2" and was signed on to reprise the role of Mayor Vaughn in a cameo for "", but died before filming began.

In two of his most distinctive performances, Hamilton appeared with Paul Newman in "The Hustler" (1961), playing Findley, a wealthy billiards player who gambles for high stakes, (1965-1966) "The Fugitive" and in "The Graduate" (1967) as Mr. Robinson, husband of Anne Bancroft's Mrs. Robinson.

In 1975, Hamilton starred again with Newman in "The Drowning Pool". He also worked with Robert Redford in a pair of films, 1973's "The Way We Were" and the 1980 prison drama "Brubaker".

For many years both before and during his movie career, Hamilton was a prominent dramatic actor, earning a Tony Award nomination for his role in the 1965 production of "Absence of a Cello".

He died from cancer and is interred at Oakdale Cemetery in Washington, North Carolina.


Peter Benchley

Peter Bradford Benchley (May 8, 1940 – February 12, 2006) was an American author, best known for his novel "Jaws" and its subsequent movie adaptation, the latter co-written by Benchley (with Carl Gottlieb) and directed by Steven Spielberg. Several more of his works were also adapted for cinema, including "The Deep" and "The Island".

He was the son of Marjorie (née Bradford) and author Nathaniel Benchley and grandson of Algonquin Round Table founder Robert Benchley. His younger brother, Nat Benchley, is a writer and actor. Peter Benchley was an alumnus of Allen-Stevenson School or now known as The Allen-Stevenson School, Phillips Exeter Academy, and Harvard University.

Benchley died of pulmonary fibrosis on February 12, 2006 in Princeton, New Jersey.




Lorraine Gary

Lorraine Gary (born August 16, 1937) is a retired American actress, best known for her role as "Ellen Brody" in "Jaws", "Jaws 2", and "". She also appeared in "1941" and "Car Wash".

Gary was born as Lorraine Gottfried in Forest Hills, Queens, New York on August 16, 1937, to Betty and George Gottfried, an entertainment business manager.

She began her acting career in the late 1960s doing guest appearances on several popular TV shows. These include "Night Gallery", "The Virginian Dragnet 1967", "McCloud", "Kojak" and "The F.B.I. (TV series)". She began her first major acting role when she was a guest star on seven episodes of the TV series "Ironside", among them "Tom Dayton Is Loose Among Us", in which she played the substitute librarian Miss Kirk, who pushes the unstable Tom Dayton too hard, and "In Search of an Artist", as a woman with a drinking problem who may have been involved in a murder. 

She has been married to entertainment industry executive Sid Sheinberg, with whom she had two children, since August 19, 1956. She retired for eight years after "1941" but then came out of her voluntary retirement to reprise Ellen Brody in "".

Sid Sheinberg

Sidney Jay "Sid" Sheinberg (January 14, 1935 – March 7, 2019) was an American screenwriter, lawyer, and entertainment executive.

Sheinberg, the son of immigrants, a Ukrainian mother and a Polish father, is Jewish and grew up in Corpus Christi, Texas where he was born on January 14, 1935.

In June 1973, Sheinberg was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of MCA, Inc. At the time he was 38. During his presidency, Universal Pictures, a division of MCA, Inc., released the films that grossed more in each of the past three decades, starting with "Jaws" in 1975, following with "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" in 1982 and concluding with "Jurassic Park" in 1993.

Sid Sheinberg married actress Lorraine Gary in 1956. They had two sons: Bill and Jonathan Sheinberg, both of whom work as film producers. Sheinberg died on March 7, 2019 in Beverly Hills, aged 84.

Denholm Elliott

Denholm Mitchell Elliott, CBE (31 May 1922 – 6 October 1992) was an English film, television and theatre actor. He was in more than 120 movies and television programmes. In the 1981, he won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role.

Elliott was born in London, England. He was the son of Nina (née Mitchell) and Myles Laymen Farr Elliott. He attended Malvern College and trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London.

In the 1980s, he won three consecutive British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) awards – Best Supporting Actor for "Trading Places" as Dan Aykroyd's kindly butler, "A Private Function", and "Defence of the Realm" – as well as an Academy Award nomination for "A Room with a View". He also became familiar to a wider audience as the well-meaning but addlepated Dr. Marcus Brody in "Raiders of the Lost Ark" (1981) and "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade". A photograph of his character appears in "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and a reference is made to Brody's death. In 1988, Elliott played the Russian mole Povin in the television miniseries "".

Elliott was diagnosed with HIV in 1987. He died of AIDS-related tuberculosis at his home on Ibiza, Spain, in 1992. His widow set up a charity, the Denholm Elliott Project, in his honour and collaborated on his biography.




Ted Nugent

Theodore Anthony "Ted" Nugent (born December 13, 1948) is an American musician, singer and songwriter. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. He moved to Palatine, Illinois during his teens. He has had many hit records as a member of different music groups. He has also had hit songs as a solo musician. 

Nugent started playing music as the guitarist for The Amboy Dukes in 1963. After the band ended, he started making music by himself. His first three albums, "Ted Nugent" (1975), "Free-for-All" (1976) and "Cat Scratch Fever" (1977), were very successful. They were certified platinum by the RIAA. His most popular songs are "Stranglehold" and "Cat Scratch Fever". In the 1980s and 1990s he was a member of Damn Yankees, a supergroup.

Nugent is also known for talking about his conservative opinions about politics. He is a supporter of gun rights, and a member of the National Rifle Association. In 2012, the Secret Service investigated Nugent because of things he said about President Barack Obama.

Kim Chwa-chin

Kim Chwa-chin(hangul:김좌진, 金佐鎭, November 24 1889 - January 24 1930) was one of politician, reform activists and independent activists of Korea. nickname was Baikya (백야, 白冶) also Chinese style name was Myungyeo (명여, 明汝).


Royce D. Applegate

Royce D. Applegate (December 25, 1939 – January 1, 2003) was an American actor and screenwriter. Born in Oklahoma, his most visible role was that of Chief Petty Officer Manilow Crocker on the first season of the Steven Spielberg-produced television series "seaQuest DSV".

In 1985, Applegate played tragic family man-turned-kidnapper Donald Brown, a bereaved father who abducts the character Sam in order to replace his own dead son, on the season premiere of "Diff'rent Strokes" last season when it moved from NBC to ABC.

Applegate portrayed Confederate General James L. Kemper in two Ronald F. Maxwell movies, "Gettysburg" (1993) and "Gods and Generals" (2003).

On New Year's Day 2003, Applegate died in his Hollywood Hills home in a fire just one week after his 63rd birthday.




James Newton Howard

James Newton Howard (born June 9, 1951) is an American composer. He is best known for his scores to movies. A score is the music that is heard during a movie. He has written the music for over 100 movies. He is now one of the most well-known composers for movies.

He has eight Academy Award nominations. Some of Howard's best known movie scores include "The Prince of Tides" (1991), "The Fugitive" (1993), "Dinosaur" (2000), "King Kong" (2005), "Batman Begins", "I Am Legend" (2007) "The Dark Knight" (2008). Recent movies include "Green Lantern" (2011), "The Hunger Games" (2012), "Snow White and the Huntsman" (2012), and "The Bourne Legacy" (2012). 

Howard is also known for working with director M. Night Shyamalan. He has scored all Shyamalan's movies since "The Sixth Sense" (1999).

From 1986 to 1987, Howard was married to actress Rosanna Arquette.

Howard stated composers like John Williams, Reginald Stewart, Eric Coates, Marty Paich, Max Steiner, Elmer Bernstein, Jimmy Van Heusen, Maurice Jarre, Jerry Goldsmith, Lalo Schifrin and John Barry as influences.

Dangriga

Dangriga, formerly known as Stann Creek Town, is a town in southern Belize. It is on the Caribbean coast at the mouth of Stann Creek. It is the capital of Belize's Stann Creek District and also the largest town in southern Belize. It is served by the Dangriga Airport.

Dangriga is a Garífuna word meaning "standing waters".


The city is served by Southern Regional Hospital.


Alexander Haig

Alexander Meigs Haig, Jr. (December 2, 1924 – February 20, 2010) was a United States Army general and diplomat.

He was the United States Secretary of State under President Ronald Reagan. He was also White House Chief of Staff under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. He also was Vice Chief of Staff of the Army. This is the second-highest ranking officer in the Army. He was in charge of all US and NATO forces in Europe.

Haig was a veteran of the Korean War and Vietnam War. He received the Distinguished Service Cross, the Silver Star with oak leaf cluster, and the Purple Heart.

On February 20, 2010, Haig died from complications from a staphylococcal infection, aged 85.

Haig was born in Pennsylvania and had two siblings. His father died when he was young and he was raised by his mother. Haig went to college at Notre Dame University for two years before switching to the United States Military Academy. He later attended Columbia and Georgetown to get his masters. While in the army, he served in the Korean War in several major battles. He served as a commander in the Vietnam War. At one point, his helicopter was shot down and he saw two days of violent hand-to-hand combat. He was awarded the Purple Heart and Distinguished Flying Cross for his notable bravery in wartime.

In 1969, President Richard Nixon made him a national security advisor. Haig helped negotiate the ceasefire in the Vietnam War. Nixon promoted him to White House Chief of Staff after H. R. Haldeman resigned facing criminal charges. Haig has been praised by many people by keeping the government running during the Watergate scandal that brought down Nixon. Haig has even been called an "acting president" during the last days of Nixon's administration. When Nixon was forced to resign, Haig helped the new president Gerald Ford. He remained Chief of Staff during Ford's administration.

In 1974, Haig became Supreme Allied Commander of Europe, a job that made him the head of all NATO forces. In 1979 he survived an assassination attempt. In 1979, he retired from the army as a four star general. After this he was on the board of a number of companies. In 1981, Ronald Reagan appointed him as Secretary of State. In this new job, Haig was the head of US foreign policy. Haig believed that the US should take a strong stand against the Soviet Union.

In March 1981, Reagan was shot by John Hinckley, Jr., a mentally ill man in Washington DC. Vice President George Bush was on a plane, and Haig was put in charge of the government until Bush could be reached. He told reporters that "I am in control here." Reagan made a full recovery.

In 1982, after Argentina invaded the Falkland Islands, Haig tried to solve the crisis peacefully by bringing UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and Argentinian dictator Leopoldo Galtieri to negotiate. No solution was reached and the crisis ended with the full blown Falklands War between the two countries. The British won the war, and Galtieri's regime collapsed. In July 1982, Haig retired from the State Department. Reagan nominated George Schultz as the new Secretary of State.

Haig ran for President in 1988, but George Bush beat him. Haig was involved in a number of businesses after leaving office. He also advised several presidents, who wanted his expertise in foreign policy. In 2006, President George W. Bush held a meeting of ten former State and Defense Secretaries. Haig was at the meeting. He published his memoirs in 1992.

Haig died of natural causes on February 20, 2010. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.


Kathryn Grayson

Kathryn Grayson (February 9, 1922 - February 17, 2010) was an American actress and operatic soprano singer.

Grayson trained as an opera singer starting at age 12. She was under contract to MGM by the early 1940s. Most of her work was in musicals. She was the lead in movies such as "Thousands Cheer" (1943), "Anchors Aweigh" (1945) with Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly,"Show Boat" (1951) and "Kiss Me Kate" (1953) (both with Howard Keel).

Musicals stopped being popular. She then worked in theatre. She was in "Camelot" (1962–1964). Later in the decade she was in several operas, including "La bohème", "Madama Butterfly", "Orpheus in the Underworld" and "La traviata".

Grayson died in her sleep at her home in Los Angeles, California on February 17, 2010, aged 88.


Kurt Kasznar

Kurt Kasznar (born Kurt Servischer; August 12, 1913 – August 6, 1979) was a stage, movie and television actor. His movies include: "Waiting for Godot", "The Sound of Music" and "Barefoot in the Park". 

Kasznar was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary. He married American heiress Cornelia Woolley. This was after her 1939 divorce from her second husband. She died at home unexpectedly in June 1948, at age 48. At the time, Kasznar was performing in John Houseman's Broadway production of "Joy to the World".

Kasznar met his second wife, actress Leora Dana, when they worked together in the Broadway production of "The Happy Time" (1950). That marriage ended in divorce.

Kasznar died August 6, 1979, in Santa Monica, California. This was 10 months after being diagnosed with cancer. He had no known survivors.



Jeff Garlin

Jeffrey "Jeff" Garlin (born June 5, 1962) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, producer, voice artist, director, writer and author. He is best known for playing Murray Goldberg on the ABC sitcom "The Goldbergs" and Jeff Greene on the HBO sitcom "Curb Your Enthusiasm". He is also a producer on the show.

Garlin was born in Chicago, Illinois. He grew up in Morton Grove, Illinois. Garlin is Jewish.


Nipsey Russell

Julius "Nipsey" Russell (September 15, 1918 – October 2, 2005) was an American comedian and movie actor. 

He is best known for being a guest panelist on TV game shows from the 1960s through the 1990s. The game shows, where he appeared, include: "Match Game", "Password", "Hollywood Squares", "To Tell the Truth" and "Pyramid". He would tell short, humorous poems. Because of those poems, people like "Bandstand" leader Dick Clark, host Bill Cullen, actress Betty White, and others called him "the poet laureate of television." 

He also was in the movie "The Wiz" as the Tin Man. He was a guest many times on the long-running "Dean Martin Celebrity Roast" series.

He died on October 2, 2005 in New York City, U.S. He had stomach cancer. His ashes were scattered into the Atlantic Ocean.


Richard Roundtree

Richard Arnold Roundtree (July 9, 1942 – October 24, 2023) was an American movie actor and fashion model. He portrayed John Shaft in the 1971 movie "Shaft" and its related sequels. He was also in many other movies.

Roundtree was born on July 9, 1942, in New Rochelle, New York. His parents were John Roundtree and Kathryn Watkins. He graduated from New Rochelle High School in 1961. During high school, he was a part of the school's highly successful football team. After completing high school, Roundtree went on to attend Southern Illinois University in Carbondale, Illinois. In 1963, he decided to leave college and pursue a career in acting.

At the age of 81, Roundtree died of pancreatic cancer at his home in Los Angeles on October 24, 2023.

He has been called "the first Black action hero". Roundtree was seen to have an impact on the rise of African American leading actors in Hollywood projects, thanks to his successful roles in the blaxploitation genre. His role as Shaft was seen as a bold, confident, and charismatic person that also inspired cinematic roles of Black men and Black masculinity, whereas before Black men in movies before "Shaft" were seen as gentle and aimed to please others.

Gerald McRaney

Gerald Lee "Mac" McRaney (born August 19, 1947) is an American television and movie actor. McRaney is best known as one of the stars of the television shows "Simon & Simon", "Major Dad", and "Promised Land". He was a series regular for the first season of "Jericho", and the final season of "Deadwood".

McRaney was born in Collins, Mississippi. He is of Scottish and Choctaw Indian ancestry. He went to college at the University of Mississippi. McRaney worked in the Louisiana oil fields before becoming an actor.

He is a conservative Republican. He is a member of the National Rifle Association of America.

McRaney was married to Beverly Root from 1967 until they divorced in 1971. They had two children. He was married to Pat Moran from 1981 to 1989. They had a child. He married Delta Burke in 1989.

Roberts Blossom

Roberts Scott Blossom (March 25, 1924 – July 8, 2011) was an American theater, movie and television actor and poet. He is best known for being Old Man Marley in "Home Alone" and as Ezra Cobb in the horror movie "Deranged". He is also remembered for his supporting roles in movies such as "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and "Escape from Alcatraz".

Blossom died on July 8, 2011 at the age of 87 of cerebrovascular disease. He is survived by his wife Beverly Schmidt and his two children.



Dennis Weaver

William 'Billy' Dennis Weaver (June 4, 1924 – February 24, 2006) was an American actor. He was best known for his work in television. His TV roles included Chester Goode on the long-running western series "Gunsmoke", Marshal Sam McCloud on the NBC police drama "McCloud". He was in the 1971 TV movie "Duel". He has won an Emmy Award in 1959.

Weaver was born on June 4, 1924 in Joplin, Missouri. He studied at Joplin Junior College and at the University of Oklahoma. He was married to Gerry Stowell from 1945 until his death in 2006. They had three children. Weaver died of complications of cancer at his home in Ridgway, Colorado on February 24, 2006.



George Lindsey

George Lindsey (December 17, 1928 – May 6, 2012) was an American actor. He is best known as "Goober Pyle" on "The Andy Griffith Show", "Mayberry R.F.D." He also was on "Hee-Haw".

George Smith Lindsey was born in Fairfield, Alabama on December 17, 1928.

The character he played on "The Andy Griffith Show" was the cousin of Gomer Pyle. Gomer was played by Jim Nabors. One funny thing Goober did on the show was the "Goober Dance". It was a bad Cary Grant impression.

Lindsey died on May 6, 2012 in Nashville, Tennessee after a short illness. He was 83 years old. He is buried at Oak Hill Cemetery in his hometown of Jasper, Alabama.


Megumi Takase

Takase was born in Kitami on November 10, 1990. After graduating from Hokkaido Bunkyo University Meisei High School, she joined INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2009. In 2009 season, she was selected Best Young Player awards. In 2012, she scored 20 goals in 18 games and became top scorer. she was also selected MVP awards.

On January 15, 2010, Takase debuted for the Japan national team against Chile. In July, she was selected to play for the Japan U-20 national team at the 2010 U-20 World Cup. She was a member of Japan's squad for the 2011 World Cup and the 2012 Summer Olympics. Japan won the championship at the 2011 World Cup and won a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. In Asia, she was also a squad member for the 2010 Asian Games and the 2014 Asian Cup. Japan won the championship at both tournaments. She played 61 games and scored 9 goals for Japan until 2016.


Yukari Kinga

Kinga was born in Yokohama on May 2, 1984. After graduating from Shonan Gakuin High School, she joined Nippon TV Beleza in 2003. She was playing as attacking midfielder and right-winger. In 2003 season, she was selected Best Young Player awards. From 2007, she was converted to right-sideback. The club won Nadeshiko League championship 5 times. In 2011, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa with international player Homare Sawa, Shinobu Ohno and Chiaki Minamiyama for due to financial strain at the club. At INAC Kobe Leonessa, the club won Nadeshiko League championship for 3 years in a row (2011–2013). She was selected Best Eleven for 6 years in a row (2007–2012). In 2014, she moved to Arsenal. She re-signed with INAC Kobe Leonessa in early 2015. From 2016, she played for Canberra United, Melbourne City and Orca Kamogawa FC. In 2021, she signed with new club, Sanfrecce Hiroshima Regina.

In August 2002, Kinga was selected by the Japan U-20 national team for the 2002 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship. On March 29, 2005, she debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. She was playing as attacking midfielder and right-winger. From 2007, she was converted to right-back by manager Hiroshi Ohashi and she became a regular player. Japan won the 2011 World Cup in which Kinga played in the final, came second in the 2015 World Cup and gained a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She played 100 games and scored 5 goals for Japan until 2016.


Takeichi Nishi

Nishi won a gold medal in show jumping at the 1932 Summer Olympics at Los Angeles. He was also on the Japanese team at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin.

He was a tank unit commander at the Battle of Iwo Jima. He was killed in action during the defense of the Japanese island of Iwo Jima.

In the 2006 American film "Letters from Iwo Jima", Nishi was played by Korean-Japanese actor Tsuyoshi Ihara.



David Hasselhoff

David Hasselhoff (born July 17, 1952) is an American actor, singer, producer, television personality, and businessman. He is best known for his lead roles in the popular 1980s show "Knight Rider" and in the 1990s series "Baywatch". He was also in the eleventh season of "Dancing with the Stars" in September 2010.

Hasselhoff was born in Baltimore, Maryland and grew up in Jacksonville, Florida and Atlanta, Georgia.

Redd Foxx

John Elroy Sanford (much better known as Redd Foxx (December 9, 1922 – October 11, 1991) was a television program actor and stand up comedian who also starred in movies. He was born in St. Louis. He acted in numerous television sitcoms. 

Redd Foxx is one of the best-known comedians and actors of the late twentieth century. He was often vulgar, raunchy, and politically incorrect, but to millions of Americans, he was also the funniest person on television. His standup routines were huge hits, influencing scores of comedians to follow. His crass performances drew the ire of critics long before the likes of Eddie Murphy and Chris Rock, but the role that made his a household name was that of Fred Sanford on the show Sanford and Son. The TV show was a huge hit at a time when there were few black stars on television.

Foxx's comedic talent was showcased early in life as he worked the nightclubs around St. Louis as a teenager. He left home at sixteen and got into trouble with the law on numerous occasions, especially after he joined a New York street gang. It was during this time that he befriended another up-and-coming black man who would later become known as Malcolm X. He worked every nightclub he could find as he developed his style during the early 1940s. Part of the reputation he developed in the clubs was that of a foul mouth, which was a big draw for some crowds but limited his appeal to larger audiences.

He worked the so-called “chitlin’ circuit,” where black clubs became the training grounds for larger venues that he would later sell out. He came up with a new stage name in the clubs, combining his nickname “Red” with the last name of the baseball star Jimmie Foxx.

During the 1950s and 1960s, Sanford drew larger audiences to his shows and sold a large number of comedy albums. His audience was still largely African American men, but times were changing and his comedy was beginning to reach people from all walks of life. He landed a movie role in the film Cotton Comes to Harlem in 1970, which was the springboard he needed to finally become a household name.

Soon after his first movie role, television producer Norman Lear approached Sanford about starring in his own show. The show was based on a popular British comedy, but in America it took the name of Sanford and Son. The show was set in the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles and gave many white Americans their first real look inside the lives of black families. He played Fred Sanford, the lovable junk dealer who was always bickering with his son. The show was an hit across racial lines, lasting 5 years and leading to more roles and more stardom.

Sanford went on to star in a number of other TV shows, including "The Redd Foxx Comedy Hour" and "The Redd Foxx Show". He used his immense popularity to garner even more movie roles for himself. In the late 1980s, he starred with Eddie Murphy in the critically acclaimed Harlem Nights, and worked the Las Vegas comedy circuit. His life came to a sudden end doing what he loved to do. He was shooting a new sitcom, The Royal Family, when he died from a heart attack in 1991.

Sanford’s body of work continues to entertain a new generation of fans even today while continuing to rack up accolades. During his life, he became one of the small number of performers to have the lead role in a television show on each of the big three networks, Sanford and Son on NBC, The Royal Family on CBS, and The Redd Foxx Comedy Hour on ABC. His character, Fred Sanford on Sanford and Son, was ranked No. 42 in TV Guide’s list of the “50 Greatest TV Dads of All Time.”

Foxx died in Los Angeles at age 68 from a heart attack.

Hyoid

The hyoid is a horseshoe-shaped bone in the front of the neck. between the chin and the thyroid cartilage (Adam's apple). At rest, it lies at the level of the mandible in the front and the third cervical vertebra behind.
Unlike other bones, the hyoid is not directly connected to other bones. It is connected only to muscles and ligaments. The hyoid aids in tongue movement and swallowing. The hyoid bone provides attachment to the muscles of the floor of the mouth and the tongue above, the larynx below, and the epiglottis and pharynx behind.

Due to its position, the hyoid bone does not fracture easily. In a suspected case of murder, a fractured hyoid strongly indicates throttling or strangulation However, this is not the case in children and adolescents, because their hyoid bone is still flexible as ossification is yet to be completed.

Quantum electrodynamics

Quantum electrodynamics (also called QED for short) is the quantum theory of electricity and magnetism. QED describes how electric and magnetic forces work on the scale of things smaller than atoms. QED also describes how single photons of light behave. QED is one of the most well-tested theories in physics.

Sashimi

The most popular fish in sashimi include:

The art of making sashimi is in the choice of fish and the way it is cut into pieces. 


Molly Ivins

Mary Tyler "Molly" Ivins (August 30, 1944-January 31, 2007) was an American journalist, author and political commentator. She worked for numerous newspapers, including the "Minneapolis Star Tribune". She was the writer of many books. She died of severe breast cancer.

In 2005, Ivins received the Courage in Journalism Award.

George Wendt

George Robert Wendt (born October 17, 1948 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American television, voice, stage and movie actor. He is known for his role as Norm Peterson in the comedy show "Cheers". He has also appeared in Michael Jackson's music video "Black or White". He hosted his own show, "The George Wendt Show", before it was cancelled in April 1995. He is currently married to Bernadette Birkett since 1978 and have three children together and two step-children.


Kelsey Grammer

Allen Kelsey Grammer (born February 21, 1955) is an American television, voice, and movie actor. He is known for his role as Dr. Frasier Crane in "Cheers", "Frasier", and in "Wings". He was good friends with late producer David Angell. He won five Emmy Awards and three Golden Globe Awards.

Grammer was born on February 21, 1955 in Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. He was married four times. First to Doreen Alderman from 1982 until they divorced in 1990, they had 1 child. Second to Leigh-Anne Csuhany from 1992 until they divorced a year later in 1993. Third to Camille Donatacci from 1997 until his divorced in 2011, they had 2 children. He has been married to Kayte Walsh since 2011, they have one child.

Grammer is a member of the Republican Party and has expressed an interest in someday running for United States Congress. He is also interested in running for Mayor of New York City. He is supportive of same-sex marriage and a staunch advocate of limited government. Grammar has also denied climate change, comparing it to the conspiracy theory of global cooling in his youth and criticising climate meetings. He supports Brexit.

Grammer supports gun rights. A public profile once described him as a supportive of abortion, but he has also been described as pro-life.


Molly Shannon

Molly Helen Shannon (born September 16, 1964) is an American television actress and comedian. She is best known for being on "Saturday Night Live" (1995-2001). She appeared in many movies in leading and supporting roles. She was born near Cleveland, Ohio.

Dee Wallace

Deanna Bowers (born December 14 1948), better known as Dee Wallace, is an American actress.


David Angell

David Lawrence Angell (April 10, 1946 – September 11, 2001) was an American producer for television shows. He was mostly known for his production work on "Frasier", "Cheers", and "Wings". He was friends with actor Kelsey Grammer.

He was born in Barrington, Rhode Island. He was married to Lynn Edwards from 1971 until their deaths in 2001. Angell died in the North Tower on September 11, 2001 after the hjack of American Airlines Flight 11 along with his wife of thirty years, Lynn Angell. Their names are on the National 9/11 Memorial.

Neomorphinae

Neomorphinae is a subfamily of the cuckoo family, Cuculidae. The birds in this group live in the Americas and are terrestrial, meaning they live on the ground. But the two genera, "Dromococcyx" and "Tapera", are more arboreal, meaning they live in trees. Birds in this group are known as ""New World ground cuckoos"".

All birds in this group are long-legged and long-tailed. They come in different sizes. The species in the genus "Geococcyx" are around long. The smallest bird in this group, the striped cuckoo, is long.

New World ground cuckoos are omnivores, meaning they eat both meat and plants. They eat many types of insects like grasshoppers, beetles, and caterpillars, arachnids like spiders and scorpions, snakes like rattlesnakes, lizards, other birds and bird eggs, small mammals like mice, small, young rabbits and bats. They also eat seeds and fruits.

New World ground cuckoos are found in forests, woodlands and deserts all over the Americas.

Genus: "Tapera"

Genus: "Neomorphus"

Genus: "Morococcyx"

Genus: "Geococcyx"

Genus: "Dromococcyx"


Backpropagation

Backpropagation is a method of training neural networks to perform tasks more accurately. The algorithm was first used for this purpose in 1974 in papers published by Werbos, Rumelhart, Hinton, and Williams. The term backpropagation is short for "backward propagation of errors".

It works especially well for feed forward neural networks (networks without any loops) and problems that require supervised learning.

The idea is to test how wrong the neural network is and then correct it. This is repeated many times.

With a little more detail:

This is repeated until the neural network is good enough at its job -i.e., its error as measured by the loss function is low.

Schottenstein campus

The Jay and Jeanie Schottenstein National Campus for the Archaeology of Israel () is the new building for the Israel Antiquities Authority. It is being built between the Israel Museum and the Bible Lands Museum in Jerusalem. The architect is Moshe Safdie. The cornerstone ceremony was held on 15 October 2006 and plans to open in October 2012. The building will be the home of the World Center for the Dead Sea Scrolls, and will have all the 15,000 Dead Sea scrolls.


Kiryat HaLeom

Kiryat HaLeom (; "The Nation City"), also known as Kiryat HaUma (; "The People's City"), is a big project in West Jerusalem that will include all of the Israeli government buildings and the national cultural institutions. The project is near Kiryat HaMemshala, the Knesset, and Wohl Rose Park, in the northern part of Givat Ram.

The project will include a national boulevard and square, and many parking spaces and pedestrian streets.


Ouro Preto

Ouro Preto (from Portuguese, Black Gold) is a town in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil. It is at the geographic coordinates . It is at an altitude of 1116 meters on the slope of a rocky hill. In 2010, there were about 70,227 people living there.

Ouro Preto had a lot of gold in the ground. The gold was taken by Portuguese colonists, who used slave labor.

Ouro Preto was founded in 1711 by combining several villages. In the same year it became the headquarters of the village council, with the appointment of Vila Rica (Villa Rica). In the year 1720, Ouro Preto was chosen as the new capital of Minas Gerais. In 1823, the town was upgraded to being a city as the designation of Ouro Preto. In 1839 he created the School of Pharmacy and in 1876 the School of Mines. It was the capital of the province and later the state of Minas Gerais until 1897.

It was the first Brazilian city to be declared by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, Historical and Cultural Heritage of Humanity in 1980.

Population: Data from the 2010 Census (IBGE)

The city is linked by good roads to:

Bordering municipalities are:

Ouro Preto has a humid subtropical climate ("Cwa", according to the Köppen climate classification), with warm and humid summers and mild, dry winters.

Ouro Preto has rocky fields, woods of Araucaria (Pinhais), and forests. Most plant life in Ouro Preto is brushland.


Anita Baker

Anita Baker (born January 26, 1958, in Toledo, Ohio, and raised in Detroit, Michigan) is a singer and recording artist. She has had multiple studio records with hit songs. She was born near Toledo, Ohio. She was raised around Detroit. She received several Grammy Awards due to her numerous recordings, mostly during the 1980s, in which decade she was extremely popular.

Karina Maruyama

Maruyama was born in Ota, Tokyo on 26 March 1983. After graduating from Nippon Sport Science University, she joined TEPCO Mareeze in 2005 and was assigned to the section of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant. She was selected Best Young Player awards in 2005 season. She played for the club until 2009 season, in 2010 she went to United States. In September, she returned to Japan and joined JEF United Chiba. In 2012, she moved to Speranza FC Osaka-Takatsuki (later "Konomiya Speranza Osaka-Takatsuki"). She retired at the end of the 2016 season.

In August 2002, Maruyama was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2002 U-19 World Championship. In October, she was selected the Japan national team for 2002 Asian Games. At this competition, on 2 October, she debuted against North Korea. She played in World Cup 2 times (2003 and 2011) and Summer Olympics 3 times (2004, 2008 and 2012). In the 2011 World Cup in Germany, she scored the only goal of the game, defeating the host country and taking Japan to its first ever semifinals of the tournament. She played as a substitute in the final as Japan defeated the United States. At 2012 Summer Olympics, Japan won the silver medal. She played 79 games and scored 14 goals for Japan until 2014.

In September 2020, Maruyama married a former footballer Kenji Honnami. Honnami was a manager of Konomiya Speranza Osaka-Takatsuki when Maruyama played for the club from 2012 to 2016.

Shinobu Ohno

Ohno was born in Zama on January 23, 1984. She played for Nippon TV Beleza from 1999 to 2010. In 12 seasons, she played 192 matches and scored 136 goals. She became top scorer 3 times (2007, 2008 and 2010) and she was selected MVP awards 3 times (2005, 2007 and 2010). She was also selected Best Eleven 8 times (2001, 2002, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010). The club won Nadeshiko League championship 8 times and 2nd position 4 times. In 2011, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa. In 2011 season, she became top scorer with teammate Nahomi Kawasumi. From 2013, she played for Olympique Lyonnais (2013), AS Elfen Sayama FC (2013), Arsenal WFC (2014), INAC Kobe Leonessa (2015-2017) and Nojima Stella Kanagawa Sagamihara (2018-2019). She retired end of 2019 season.

In August 2002, Ohno was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2002 U-19 World Championship. She played 4 games and scored 3 goals. On January 12, 2003, she debuted for the Japan national team against United States. Her first major tournament was the 2006 Asian Cup, where Japan placed fourth. The following year she played in the 2007 World Cup, but Japan fell in the group stage. She also competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and the 2011 World Cup, where she scored a goal in the group stage match against Mexico as Japan won the championship. Ohno started the final against the United States. She then competed for the Japanese silver medal-winning team at the 2012 Summer Olympics. At 2015 World Cup, Japan won 2nd position. At 2016 Summer Olympics qualifying tournament, following Japan's failure to qualify for the 2016 Summer Olympics. This qualifying became her last match for Japan. She played 139 games and scored 40 goals for Japan until 2016.


Megumi Kamionobe

Kamionobe was born in Yokohama on 15 March 1986. After graduating from Musashigaoka College, she joined Albirex Niigata in 2006. She was selected Best Eleven 5 times (2009, 2010, 2014, 2015 and 2016).

On 1 August 2009, Kamionobe debuted for the Japan national team against France. She was a member Japan's squad for the 2011 and 2015 World Cups. Japan won the World Cup in 2011 and came second in 2015. In Asia, she was also a squad member at the 2010 Asian Games and the 2014 Asian Cup. Japan won the championship at both tournaments. She played 34 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2016.


James Herbert Brennan

James Herbert Brennan (5 July 1940 – 1 January 2024) an Irish writer of fantasy literature and occultism.

His most known work is the book titled ""Occult Reich"", published in 1974. The book explains various aspects of the Ariosophy. Brennan is also the author of the quest game "The search for the Grail", published in the 1980s. He sold millions of copies worldwide of this quest game, mainly in France.

Brennan died on 1 January 2024 at the age of 83.





Annabella Sciorra

Annabella Sciorra (born March 29, 1960) is an American television and movie actress. Her parents are of Italian origin. She has performed in television programs and movies. She was featured in Spike Lee's 1991 "Jungle Fever". Other notable movies she starred in include "Internal Affairs" (1990), "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle" (1992) and "Romeo Is Bleeding" (1993). Sciorra was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

Monte Fitz Roy

Monte Fitz Roy (also known as Cerro Chaltén, Cerro Fitz Roy, or simply Mount Fitz Roy) is a mountain in the border between Argentina and Chile that is located near the village of El Chaltén that is in Argentina. . It is in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field in Patagonia. The mountain is 3375 metre high. It was first climbed in 1952 by French mountain climbers Lionel Terray and Guido Magnone. It is one of the most difficult mountains to climb on Earth. The clothing label, Patagonia, used Monte Fitz Roy as the idea for their logo, after Yvon Chouinard climbed the mountain in 1968 and made a movie about it.

Francisco Moreno first saw the mountain on 2 March 1877. He named it Fitz Roy, in honour of Robert Fitz Roy. Fitz Roy was captain of HMS Beagle and had travelled up the Santa Cruz River in 1834 and made maps of large parts of the Patagonian coast .

"Cerro" is a Spanish word meaning hill, while "Chaltén" is a Tehuelche word meaning smoking mountain, as they believe it was a volcano for its peak is most of the time covered by clouds.

Fitz Roy is a huge pyramid shaped granite monolith, carved by the winds, snow and ice. Fitz Roy is made of igneous rocks from deep in the Earth. When large tectonic plates collided about 100 million years, magma escaped between these plates and solidified between other rocks. The erosion of these rocks led to the formation of the mountain.

There are no plants on the bare walls of the summit. In the steep foothills, below the summit there are forests of beech and vast plains of short vegetation adapted to extreme climatic conditions

Animals are very rare in the region of Fitz Roy. There are a few eagles and rabbits.




Saori Ariyoshi

Ariyoshi was born in Saga on November 1, 1987. In 2008, when she was at Nippon Sport Science University, she debuted in the Nadeshiko League for TEPCO Mareeze. After graduating, she joined Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") in 2010. She played 175 matches for the club. She was selected for the Best Eleven four years in a row, from 2013 to 2016). In 2021, she moved to Omiya Ardija Ventus with teammate Mizuho Sakaguchi.

In February 2012, Ariyoshi was selected the Japan national team for 2012 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on February 29, she debuted against Norway. In 2014, she played at 2014 Asian Cup and 2014 Asian Games. Japan won the championship at Asian Cup and the 2nd place at Asian Games. In 2015, played at 2015 World Cup and Japan won the 2nd place. She played 6 matches and scored a goal. She was named candidates for the Golden Ball at the tournament. She was also a member for 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won their second consecutive title. She played 65 games and scored 1 goals for Japan until 2019.


Ami Otaki

Otaki was born in Hiratsuka on July 28, 1989. After graduating from Waseda University, she joined French Division 1 club Olympique Lyonnais in 2012. The club won 2011–12 UEFA Champions League. In June 2013, she returned to Japan and joined Urawa Reds. In December 2014, she moved to the French club En Avant Guingamp. In May 2015, she retired end of 2014–15 season. In 2016, Otaki took a year away from football to participate in the 17th edition of the FIFA Master. She graduated in July 2017 and later that month signed a one-year contract with Paris FC. In January 2018, she returned to Japan and joined NHK Spring Yokohama FC Seagulls. In 2019, she moved to JEF United Chiba.

On June 20, 2012, Otaki debuted for the Japan national team against Sweden. She played 3 games for Japan until 2013.

Erina Yamane

Yamane was born in Hiroshima on December 20, 1990. After graduating from JFA Academy Fukushima, she joined TEPCO Mareeze based in Fukushima Prefecture club in 2009. However, the club was disbanded for Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. She moved to JEF United Chiba in 2012.She played 92 matches in Nadeshiko League. She left the club in July 2017. In August, she joined Spanish Primera División club Real Betis. She played for the club in 2 seasons. In August 2019, she returned to JEF United Chiba. She retired end of 2020 season.

In November 2008, Yamane was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2008 U-20 World Cup. On January 15, 2010, she debuted for the Japan national team against Chile. In July, she was selected Japan U-20 team for 2010 U-20 World Cup. In 2014, she was a member for 2014 Asian Cup and 2014 Asian Games. Japan won the championship at Asian Cup and the 2nd place at Asian Games. In 2015, she also played at 2015 World Cup and Japan won the 2nd place. She played 26 games for Japan until 2019.


Irregular galaxy

An irregular galaxy is a galaxy that does not have a distinct regular shape, like a spiral or an elliptical galaxy.

Irregular galaxies do not fall into any of the regular types of the Hubble sequence. They do not have a bulge in the centre, nor any trace of spiral structure. They are quite common: they may make up a quarter of all galaxies. Most were once spiral or elliptical galaxies but were deformed by gravitational pull. Irregular galaxies also contain abundant amounts of gas and dust.

There are three sorts of irregular galaxies:


The Magellanic Cloud galaxies were once classified as irregular galaxies, but have since been found to contain barred spiral structures.

Adèle Dumilâtre

Adèle Alphonsine Dumilâtre (30 June 18214 May 1909) was a French ballerina associated with the romantic ballet. She was born in Paris to Michel Dumilâtre, an actor in the Comédie-Française. He hoped she would become a tragedienne, but her dance talent led her to the ballet of the Paris Opéra. She performed from 1840 to 1848. She rose quickly from minor parts to principal roles. At eighteen she danced "La Sylphide". She created the roles of Myrtha in "Giselle" and the title role in "Lady Henriette". Rich gentlemen sustained her power at the Opéra. She danced in Milan and London where she created the title role in "The Marble Maiden" (1845) by Arthur Saint-Léon. She married Louis Drake y del Castillo in 1848 and bore him three children. She died in Paris and was buried in the Montmartre Cemetery. Her older sister Sophie was also a prominent Parisian ballerina.

Rhea Perlman

Rhea Jo Perlman (born March 31, 1948) is an American television, movie actress, and writer. She is best known for her role as Carla Tortelli in "Cheers". She was born in Brooklyn, New York City. Perlman is married to actor Danny DeVito. They have three children together. Perlman has won four Emmy Awards.


Stacy Keach

Walter Stacy Keach, Jr. (born June 2, 1941 in Savannah, Georgia) is an American television, voice, stage, narrator, and movie actor. He is mostly known for his dramatic roles and guest star appearances. Keach is also known for his role as Ken in "Titus". Keach is a Golden Globe Award winning actor.

Keach was born in Savannah, Georgia on June 2, 1941 to Mary Cain (née Peckham) and to Walter Stacy Keach. Keach was married four times. First to Kathryn Baker from 1964 until they divorced. Second to Marilyn Aiken from 1975 until they divorced. Thirdly to Jill Donahue from 1981 until they divorced 1986. He has been married to Malgosia Tomassi since 1986.


Harry Harrison

Harry Harrison (born Henry Maxwell Dempsey; March 12, 1925 – August 15, 2012) was an American science fiction author. He was best known for his character the Stainless Steel Rat and the novel "Make Room! Make Room!" (1966). 

Harrison was born in Stamford, Connecticut. Harrison was married to Joan Merkler Harrison from 1930 until her death in 2002. They had two children. Harrison died on August 15, 2012 in his home in Brighton, England. 


Dayana Mendoza

Dayana Sabrina Mendoza Moncada (born June 1, 1986) is a model and beauty pageant titleholder, who won Miss Venezuela 2007 and Miss Universe 2008. She also received the honor of crowning Stefanía Fernández as Miss Universe 2009. Eighteen-year-old Fernández was a fellow Venezuelan, and Dayana became the first Miss Universe to crown a compatriot. 

Dayana is 34 years old. She won Miss Venezuela 2007, and also Miss Universe 2008. 

Dayana was born on June 1st, 1986, in Caracas, Venezuela to Willy and Maria Auxiliadora de Mendoza, and has a younger sister called Daniela, and grew up in the Venezuelan state of Amazonas. 

Dayana was once kidnapped in Venezuela, and stated that its psychological trauma taught her, to remain poised under pressure.

Young Dayana married Michael Pagano in 2013, when she was just 27 years old. In 2016 their marriage ended, however. They have a daughter, Eva. 
In 2001 Dayana signed with Elite modeling agency and paraded in Spain, Italy, France, USA, England, Greece and Germany for Versace, Roberto Cavalli and other designers.

She was the host of the TV show "Relaxed" for the network E! Entertainment Latin America.

She also participated in the fifth season of "The Celebrity Apprentice" (corresponding to the season twelve of "The Apprentice"), a program hosted by Donald Trump. 

Mendoza beat out 27 other candidates to win Miss Venezuela 2007 on September 13, 2007, in Caracas, and became only the second woman representing the Amazonas state to win, following Carolina Izsak in 1991. 

Dayana was just twenty-two when she was crowned Miss Universe 2008 at the pageant at the Crown Convention Center, Nha Trang, Vietnam, on July 13, 2008. She became the first winner of the pageant from Venezuela since Miss Universe 1996's winner Alicia Machado, thus making her the first Venezuelan Miss Universe in the 21st century.

Miss Universe 2007 Riyo Mori crowned her with a tiara worth US$120,000. Her prize package includes cash, a year contract promoting Miss Universe, world travel, a rent-free prestigious New York City apartment, a luxury apartment, and a gift bag stuffed with designer shoes, dresses and beauty products, a US$100,000 stipend for a two-year course at the New York Film Academy and free access to famous fashion houses and beauty parlors. Dayana kindly spent her year-long reign traveling the world to lecture on humanitarian issues and to promote education regarding HIV/AIDS.

As of June 2009, Dayana as Miss Universe has traveled to Indonesia, Singapore, Italy, Vatican City, Spain, France, Nicaragua, Ukraine, Czech Republic, Bahamas, Russia, El Salvador, the United Arab Emirates, Brazil, the Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico, Bolivia, Argentina, Romania, and Vietnam, in addition to numerous trips around the United States and her homecoming in Venezuela! Together with Miss Universe 1969 Gloria Diaz, Mendoza was the goodwill ambassador of Venezuela-based technology firm Smartmatic to thank the Philippines for entrusting the company the success of their 2010 presidential elections.

Dayana is concerned about humanitarian issues, such as AIDS awareness, and domestic violence prevention. So, she wrote, directed and produced the short film "Honey" to raise awareness about domestic violence. 

Dayana got an honour on August 23, 2009, in Nassau, Bahamas, when she got to crown a compatriot, Stefanía Fernández, as Miss Universe 2009. She was the first person to crown a compatriot as Miss Universe. 

After photos of Mendoza modeling naked for a jewelry firm surfaced, officials from the Miss Universe Organization decided against penalizing her, saying that the candid photos were not pornographic but "artistic in nature, and they don't have an ounce of pornographic content to them."

On 27 March 2009, Dayana documented a visit to Guantanamo Bay detention camp on her blog. In it, she was quoted as saying, "Guantanamo was such a relaxing place, so calm and beautiful". She also stated that when she visited the detainees camps, "...we saw the jails, where they shower, how the recreate themselves with movies, classes of art, books. It was very interesting". 

In her home country, Venezuela, the issue became the talk of the town, with the president, Hugo Chávez, reconsidering the praise he had previously given her. The Miss Universe Organization has replied that "...[her] comments on her blog were in reference to the hospitality she received while meeting the members of the U.S. military and their families who are stationed in Guantánamo". On 1 April 2009, the entry vanished from her blog.


Maurice Sendak

Maurice Bernard Sendak (June 10, 1928 – May 8, 2012) was an American writer and illustrator of children's literature. He was best known for his book "Where the Wild Things Are" which was released in 1963.

Sendak was born on June 10, 1928 in Brooklyn, New York City. His parents were Sadie (née Schindler) and Philip Sendak. Sendak was a homosexual and had a partner Dr. Eugene Glynn from 1957 until 2007 when Glynn died.

Sendak died on May 8, 2012 in his home in Danbury, Connecticut from a stroke. He was 83 years old.
His remains were cremated.


Harrison Ford (silent movie actor)

Harrison Ford (March 16, 1884 – December 2, 1957) was an American stage and movie actor. He was a leading Broadway theatre performer and a star of the silent film era. 

Ford was born in Kansas City, Missouri on March 16, 1884. Ford died on December 2, 1957 after being run-over by a car in the early 1950s. He was not related to the living actor with the same name. He was married to actress to Beatrice Prentice from 1909 until his death in 1957. Ford died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California after being run over by a car on December 2, 1957, aged 73.


Stefanía Fernández

Stefanía Fernández Krupij* (born September 4, 1990) is a Venezuelan beauty pageant titleholder, humanitarian and political activist who participated in the 2014 Venezuela Protests, and was awarded Miss Venezuela 2008 as well as Miss Universe 2009 titles. Fernández is also the face of Avon Products, and was listed among the 50 Most Beautiful People list by "People en Español". She has participated in many humanitarian activities, including fighting for AIDs awareness and fighting against human rights violations. Fernández also earned a Guinness record by becoming the first Miss Universe winner who was crowned by a compatriot.

Fernández was born on Tuesday, September 4, 1990, in Mérida, Venezuela, to Nadia Krupij Holojad and José Luis Fernández. She is of Ukrainian, Spanish (Galician), Russian and Polish origin. Her Ukrainian maternal grandfather immigrated from the Soviet Union during the period of Communist rule.

Fernández lives in Bogota, Colombia with her husband, Bernardo Ausaje, an investor, who she wedded in Colombia on May 6, 2017.

Fernández has participated in political protest, and humane causes. During her time as Miss Universe, she traveled to many countries to spread AIDs awareness and participated in the 2014 Venezuela revolts.

Fernández won the Miss Venezuela 2008 title in a pageant held in Caracas on September 10, 2008. She was crowned by the outgoing titleholder, Dayana Mendoza, Miss Venezuela 2007 and Miss Universe 2008. She was also awarded ""Miss Elegance"", ""Best Body"", and ""Best Face"" titles. She became the second Miss Trujillo to win that title since the Miss Venezuela pageant first began in 1952 and also the second Miss Trujillo to win Miss Universe. The first was Bárbara Palacios, Miss Venezuela 1986 and Miss Universe 1986.

Miss Universe 2008, Dayana Mendoza (also from Venezuela) crowned her as Miss Universe 2009 on August 23, 2009, in Nassau, Bahamas. This marked the first time in Miss Universe history the same country won the crown two years in a row.

Fernández was also recognized as among the 50 Most Beautiful People list by "People en Español" and in March 2010, Fernández officially became the face of Avon Products.

Stefanía's husband was Bernardo Ausaje, an investor, who she wedded in Cartagena, Colombia, on May 6, 2017.

In June of 2020, however, Stefanía confirmed her decision to divorce Ausaje. Her manager, Luis Bascaran, released the following statement on social media:After three years of marriage, we want to inform you that by mutual agreement Bernardo and I have made the decision to separate (…) we have managed to make this decision from wisdom and maturity. We appreciate your respect and understanding. We will not be giving more statements on the subject.

Fernández subsequently began a relationship with athlete Ender Inciarte, revealed in December 2020, and in May 2021, they had a son, named Liam.

Fernández has traveled to several countries to spread AIDs Awareness.

In November, 2010, she traveled again to Indonesia, specifically to the Bali island, when she filmed a commercial of vitamins. On her return to New York, she was in a press conference about HIV, in which she appeared with Ban Ki-moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, and with recognised Venezuelan fashion designer Carolina Herrera. On 5 November 2009, she served as a presenter at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas, United States, sharing with Puerto Rican salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. At her second presentation in Venezuela, specifically in the Plaza de Toros Monumental de Maracaibo, where there was a crowd of 15,000 people, they gave a recognition (Orchid Award) to Fernández at Orchid Festival of Chinita Fair.

She also traveled to Cannes, France, on 9 December 2009, for the Five Star Diamond awards, with Miss USA Kristen Dalton, and to Willemstad, Curaçao and Barquisimeto, Venezuela, as well, in early January 2010, for the Procesión de la Divina Pastora (Procession of the Holy Shepherdess). Fernández traveled to Puerto Rico in February 2010 to host "Levántate", a Telemundo TV show; then travelled to New York, where she appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show".

In October 2010, Fernández traveled to Jakarta, Bandung and Medan, in Indonesia, where she crowned the Indonesian representative for the Miss Universe 2010 pageant.

In September, March, and April 2010, she travelled to Moscow, Russia; São Paulo, Brazil; Mumbai, India; Nassau, Bahama; Caracas, Venezuela; and Prague, Czech Republic, where she crowned the respective representatives of those countries for the Miss Universe 2010 pageant. She then flew to Colombia (she was invited to promote the Kimberly-Clark brand), Panama (where she served as a presenter for Sony), and to Puerto Rico again, for the Puerto Rico Open.

Stefanía promised to spend her year-long reign as Miss Universe traveling the world raising awareness on humanitarian issues and promoting education regarding HIV/AIDS. During her reign, Stefanía traveled to Indonesia, Curaçao, France, Puerto Rico, Russia, Colombia, Panama, the Czech Republic, the Bahamas, Mexico, the Dominican Republic, Brazil, India, Spain, Rwanda, Venezuela, Argentina, and Ecuador for Aids Awareness Tour In 2010. Hugo Chávez, president of Venezuela, thanked her, giving her the support of both him and his government for this act.

On August 23, 2010, Stefanía, still just a teenager, passed her crown to Ximena Navarrete (Miss Mexico). During her final catwalk, she opened a flag of Venezula with only seven stars. The Venezuelan parliament (the National Assembly) had voted a modification of the flag from seven to eight stars in 2006; former President Chávez had favored this decision. The display of the old flag was seen by Investor's Business Daily as a protest against the new policies of Chávez. 

During the 2014 Venezuelan protests, Stefanía participated in the "Your Voice is Your Power" campaign, fighting against violence, human rights violations and the censorship of media in Venezuela.

Currently, Fernández also runs a successful beauty line, AMMATERRE, for vegan skin care products.



Stefanía is the face of Avon Products. She was listed among the 50 Most Beautiful People list by "People en Español," a Spanish-language magazine.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>please note that this article uses Spanish naming customs: the first or paternal family name is Fernández and the second or maternal family name is Krupij.

Dana Hill

Dana Hill (born Dana Lynne Goetz; May 6, 1964-July 15, 1996) was an American voice actress. She has a raspy voice. She starred in television programs and movies, including "Goof Troop" (1992-1993). She died resulting from a stroke that was due to having type 1 diabetes (she was diagnosed at age 10). Hill was born around California.

List of introduced molluscs of Venezuela

This is a list of 52 species of molluscs that have been introduced into Venezuela, that are living in the wild, and that have been reported in the literature.
Buccinidae

Fasciolariidae

Modulidae

Turbinellidae

Umbraculidae

Ampullariidae

Planorbidae

Thiaridae


Achatinidae


Arionidae


Bradybaenidae

Ferussaciidae

Helicidae


Limacidae

Streptaxidae

Subulinidae

Arcidae

Donacidae

Mactridae

Mytilidae

Placunidae

Pteriidae

Semelidae

Telinidae

Terebridae

Thraciidae

Veneridae

Corbiculidae


Mytilidae



Jewish languages

Jewish languages are the various languages and dialects that developed in Jewish communities around the world.

Although Hebrew was the daily speech of the Jewish people for centuries, by the 5th century, the closely related Aramaic joined Hebrew as the spoken language in Judea where the ancient Jews, "Judeans", where the word "Jew" comes from, lived. By the 3rd century Jews of the diaspora (Jewish people outside of their country) were speaking Greek, and soon afterwards Hebrew was no longer used as a first language - for over sixteen centuries being used almost only as a liturgical language (for prayer) until revived as a spoken language by Eliezer Ben-Yehuda in the Palestine of the late 1880s and eventually becoming the official language of the state of Israel.

For centuries Jews worldwide spoke the local or dominant languages of the regions they migrated to, often developing distinctive dialectal forms or branching off as independent languages.

The usual way these languages developed was through the addition of Hebrew words, phrases, and sometimes grammar used to express uniquely Jewish concepts and concerns. Often they were written in Hebrew letters, including the block letters used in Hebrew today and Rashi script. Due to the isolated nature of many Jewish communities, many Jewish languages retained archaic (old) vocabulary and linguistic structures of the language from which they descended long after they had been lost or changed in later forms of the parent language.

Among the most widely spoken Jewish languages to develop in the diaspora are Yiddish, Ladino, and the Judæo-Arabic group of languages. Yiddish is the Judeo-German language developed by Ashkenazi Jews who migrated to Central Europe, and Ladino, also called Judezmo and Muestra Spanyol (our Spanish), is the Judeo-Spanish language developed by Sephardic Jews who lived in the Iberian peninsula. 

Many ancient and distinct Jewish languages, including Gruzinic (Jewish Georgian), Judeo-Arabic, Judeo-Berber, Krymchak (Jewish Uzbek) and Judeo-Malayalam (a kind of Indian language) have largely fallen out of use due the impact of the Holocaust on European Jewry, the Jewish exodus from Arab lands, the assimilation policies of Israel in its early days and other factors.
Yiddish was the language spoken by the largest number of Jews in the 1850s, but today the three most commonly spoken languages among Jews are English, modern Hebrew, and Russian—in that order. Some people think that since Jews who use English and Russian have a lot of Jewish things to say and ways to say them, one day there might be a Judeo-English and maybe Judeo-Russian language.

Maureen McCormick

Maureen Denise McCormick (born August 5, 1956) is a television actress. She played the character of Marcia Brady on "The Brady Bunch" starting in 1969 and ending in 1974. She also acted in many other TV series. She wrote an autobiography called "Here's the Story: Surviving Marcia Brady and Finding My True Voice".

Daniel Francois Malan

Daniel Francois Malan (May 22 1874-February 7 1959) also known as D.F. Malan, was Prime Minister of South Africa from 1948 to 1954. He was leader of the National Party, an Afrikaner nationalist political party. Apartheid began as a state policy in South Africa under Malan.

Phyllis Thaxter

Phyllis St. Felix Thaxter (November 20, 1921 – August 14, 2012) was an American stage and movie actress. She was known for playing Superman's mother in the 1978 movie "Superman", and as Ellen Lawson in "Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo".

Thaxter was born on November 20, in 1921. in Portland, Maine to Sidney Thaxter and to his wife.

She had worked a lot on Broadway since 1940. When Dorothy McGuire went to Hollywood, Phyllis replaced her in the play Claudia. In 1944, she signed a contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Her first movie was with Van Johnson in the wartime movie "Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo". Thaxter played Joan Alris Ellis, a woman suffering from split personality in the movie "Bewitched" in 1945. In 1948, she played a cattle owner's daughter alongside Barbara Bel Geddes in "Blood on the Moon". 

At MGM, she routinely portrayed the ever-patient wife to a number of leading men. She moved to Warner Brothers in the 1950s, but usually played the same type of roles.

Thaxter's career ended for a while after being ill of polio in 1952. She made a comeback on the television series in "Rawhide". She would later appear on other television programs such as; "Wagon Train", "The Twilight Zone", and "Alfred Hitchcock Presents". In 1978, Thaxter was cast along with Glenn Ford as Ma and Pa Kent in "Superman".

Thaxter was married to James Thomas Aubrey, Jr. from 1944 until they divorced in 1962. They had a son and a daughter. She was married to Gilbert Lea from 1962 until his death in 2008.

Thaxter died on August 14, 2012 in her home in Longwood, Florida from Alzheimer's disease, aged 90. She had the disease for eight years. She was cremated and her ashes were thrown to the sea.



Godfather's Pizza

Godfather's Pizza is an American pizza franchise group that was started around around 1973. The restaurant chain is headquartered out of Omaha, Nebraska and sells Italian foods in addition to pizza. The chain sells golden, original and thin crusts depending on the eatery.

Shelley Winters

Shelley Winters (Shirley Schrift August 18, 1920 – January 14, 2006) was an American movie actress who appeared in many blockbuster movies such as "Place in the Sun", "The Big Knife", "Lolita", "The Night of the Hunter", "Alfie", and "The Poseidon Adventure". Her career spanned over 50 years until her death in 2006. Winters won Academy Awards for her acting in "The Diary of Anne Frank" and "A Patch of Blue".

Winters was born on August 18, 1920 in St. Louis, Missouri to Rose (née Winter) and to Jonas Schrift. She was raised in Brooklyn, New York City. She was educated at The New School.

Winters' career began in 1943 in the movie "There's Something About a Soldier" and since then she appeared in over 100 movies, such as; "Escape in the Fog", "New Orleans", "The Greatest Story Ever Told", "Flap", "Black Journal", "Fanny Hill", "Jury Duty", and her final movie "A-List".

Winters has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and was inducted into the St. Louis Walk of Fame in 1992.

Winters was married to Paul Meyer from 1937 until they divorced in 1948. Later she married Vittorio Gassman from 1949 until they divorced in 1954. Thirdly she married Anthony Franciosa from 1957 until they divorced in 1960. Lastly she married Gerry DeFord from 2006 until her death in 2006. Winters only had one child with Grassman.

Winters died on January 14, 2006 in at a hospital in Beverly Hills, California home from heart failure, she was 85 years old. Five days later, her ex-husband Anthony Franciosa died from a stroke.


Anthony Franciosa

Anthony Franciosa (Anthony George Papaleo October 25, 1928 – January 19, 2006) was an American movie, TV, and stage actor, usually known as Tony Franciosa during his career. 

He made some movies such as; "Career" (1959) for which he won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor/Drama. In television he is known for his lead roles in five well-known TV shows as; the sitcom "Valentine's Day" (1964–65), the drama series "The Name of the Game" (1968–71), "Search" (1972–73), "Matt Helm" (1975) and "Finder of Lost Loves" (1984). Franciosa received a Tony Award nomination for his role in the play "A Hatful of Rain".

Franciosa was born in New York City, New York on October 25, 1928. 

Franciosa was married to Beatrice Bakalyar from 1952 until it ended in divorce in 1957. Secondly he married Shelley Winters from 1957 until they divorced in 1960. Thirdly he married Judy Balaban from 1961 until they divorced in 1967. Lastly he married Rita Thiel from 1970 until his death in 2006.

Franciosa suffered a stroke on the day his ex-wife Shelley Winters died on January 14, 2006. Franciosa died five days after Winters' death on January 19, 2006 from a stroke at the UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California, he was 77 years old. He is survived by his wife Rita, his three children, and his two grandchildren. His remains were later cremated.


Ron Palillo

Ronald Gabriel "Ron" Palillo (April 2, 1949 – August 14, 2012) was an American television and movie actor, who is best known for his role as high school student Arnold Dingfelder Horshack on the ABC sitcom "Welcome Back, Kotter", from 1975 to 1979.

Palillo was born in Cheshire, Connecticut on April 2, 1949. He was educated at University of Connecticut. Palillo died on August 14, 2012 from a heart attack in his Palm Beach, Florida home. He was 63 years old. He is survived by his partner of 41 years, Joseph Gramm.

Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom

Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom (also spelled Strydom) also known as J.G. Strydom or Hans Strydom (July 14 1893-August 24 1958) nicknamed "the Lion of the North", was Prime Minister of South Africa from 30 November 1954 to 24 August 1958. He was an Afrikaner nationalist, and a supporter of apartheid.

Murder of JonBenét Ramsey

JonBenét Patricia Ramsey (August 6, 1990December 25, 1996) was an American child beauty pageant queen. She was born in Atlanta, Georgia and moved to Boulder, Colorado when she was nine months old. She was strangled in her house in Boulder. Her murder remains unsolved. Alexis Reich falsely confessed to the murder in 2006.

Thomas Kretschmann

Thomas Kretschmann (Born 8 September 1962 in Dessau, East Germany) is a German movie, television, voice actor best known for playing Leutnant Hans von Witzland in the 1993 film "Stalingrad", Hauptmann Wilm Hosenfeld in "The Pianist", Hermann Fegelein in "Der Untergang", Captain Englehorn in the 2005 remake of "King Kong", "Valkyrie", and voicing Professor Z in "Cars 2". 

Kretschmann was born on September 8, 1962 in Dessau, East Germany. Kretschmann had a partner Lena Roklin from 1997 until they split-up in 2009, they had three children. Kretschmann currently lives in Malibu, California and Los Angeles, California.

John Turturro

John Michael Turturro (born February 28, 1957) is an American movie and television, voice actor, writer and director known for his roles in the movies; "Do the Right Thing" (1989), "Miller's Crossing" (1990), "Barton Fink" (1991), "Quiz Show" (1994), "The Big Lebowski" (1998), "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" (2000) and "the Transformers movie series". He has appeared in over sixty films, and has worked mostly with the Coen brothers, Adam Sandler and Spike Lee. Turturro also starred in Disney/Pixar "Cars 2". He played Carmine Falcone in the 2022 movie "The Batman".

Turturro was born in Brooklyn, New York on February 28, 1957. Turturro is currently married to Katherine Borowitz since 1985, they have two children. 


John Lasseter

John Alan Lasseter (born January 12, 1957) is an American animator, movie director and the former chief creative officer at Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios. He was also the Principal Creative Advisor for Walt Disney Imagineering. Lasseter bought Pixar from the late Steve Jobs. He eventually left Pixar and Disney due to allegations of sexual harassment. Lasseter has been married to Nancy Lasseter since 1979. He was born in Hollywood, California.

Melissa Manchester

Melissa Manchester (born February 15, 1951 in the Bronx, New York) is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She has acted in several movies. She has received several awards during her musical career, which began in the late 1960s.

Blythe Danner

Blythe Katherine Danner (born February 3, 1943) is an American actress. She is the widow of movie director Bruce Paltrow. She is the mother of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and director Jake Paltrow. She has starred in many Broadway plays and movies.

Danner was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She is the daughter of Katharine (née Kile) and Harry Earl Danner, a bank executive. She has a brother, opera singer/actor Harry Danner, a sister, performer-turned-director Dorothy (Dottie) Danner, and a half-brother, violin maker William Moennig. Danner is of part Pennsylvania Dutch ancestry, and one of her great-grandmothers was born in Barbados (a White Barbadian).

Kim Du-han

Kim Du-han(korea:김두한, hanja:金斗漢, 1918-1972) was South Korean politician, gangsters. he was one of boss of Big gangsters groups of Seouls. a penname was Uisong(의송, 義松).


Jordana Brewster

Jordana Brewster (, born April 26, 1980) is an American actress. She began acting during her late teens starting with the soap opera "All My Children". Later, Brewster began acting in movies and television programs. These include "The Fast and the Furious" series of movies. Brewster was born in Panama City, Panama. Her father is American. Her mother is Brazilian. She grew up in Brazil and London before moving to New York at age 10.

Brewster was born in Panama City, Panama, the daughter of Maria João (née Leal de Sousa), a former "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit model from Brazil, and Alden Brewster, an American investment banker.


Outrage (movie)

Outrage is a movie that came out in 2010. "Autoreiji" is the movie's original title in Japan. Takeshi Kitano is the director. It has a restricted rating. It is 109 minutes long. It is a crime drama. It is about Tokyo's yakuza clans. It has a little sexual content. It competed for the Palme d'Or at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.

Tom Kenny

Thomas James Kenny (born July 13, 1962) is an American actor and comedian. He is mostly known for being the voice of SpongeBob SquarePants in "SpongeBob SquarePants". He has also done the voices of The Ice King in "Adventure Time", The Mayor in "The Powerpuff Girls", Lord Mission in "", Wheelie in "The Transformers Movie Series", and Scout Master Lumpus in "Camp Lazlo".

Kenny was born on July 13, 1962 in Syracuse, New York. He studied at the Bishop Grimes High School. He has been currently married to Jill Talley since 1995. They have two children, Mack (born 1998) and Nora (born 2003). The Kennys live in Studio City, California.

Regina King

Regina King (born January 15, 1971 in Los Angeles) is an American movie and television actress. She began acting in 1985 with the situation comedy "227", on which program she stayed until 1990. She has performed in many movies, including "Jerry Maguire", "Boyz n the Hood" (1991) and "Higher Learning" (1995). She voiced both Huey and Riley Freeman in the Adult Swim television series "The Boondocks".

Poetic Justice

Poetic Justice is a 1993 urban drama movie. It stars Tupac Shakur, Regina King and Janet Jackson. It is about poems from the poet Maya Angelou. "Poetic Justice" received mixed to negative reviews, though received close to $28 million while in theaters.

Wave function

In quantum mechanics, the Wave function, usually represented by "Ψ", or "ψ", describes the probability of finding an electron somewhere in its matter wave. To be more precise, the "square" of the wave function gives the probability of finding the location of the electron in the given area, since the normal answer for the wave function is usually a complex number. The wave function concept was first introduced in the Schrödinger equation. 

The formula for finding the wave function (i.e., the probability wave), is below:

formula_1

where "i" is the imaginary number, "ψ (x,t)" is the wave function, "ħ" is the reduced Planck constant, "t" is time, "x" is position in space, "Ĥ" is a mathematical object known as the "Hamiltonian operator". The reader will note that the symbol formula_2 denotes that the partial derivative of the wave function is being taken.


Partial derivative

In calculus (particularly in multivariable calculus, the study of rate of change on functions with multiple variables), the partial derivative of a function is the derivative of one named variable, where all other unnamed variables of the function are held constant. In other words, the partial derivative takes the derivative of certain indicated variables of a function, and does not differentiate the other variable(s). 

For the partial derivative of a function "f" with respect to the variable "x", the notations

formula_1, formula_2, formula_3

are usually used, although other notations are valid. Usually, although not always, the partial derivative is taken in a multivariable function (a function which takes two or more variables as input).

If we have a function formula_4, then there are several partial derivatives of "f(x, y)" that are all equally valid. For example,

Or, we can do the following:


String (physics)

In string theory and theoretical physics, strings are hypothetical objects that are believed to be the elementary particles of the universe. If they exist, they would not be point-like particles, but rather 1-dimensional "strings" of energy that vibrate in various dimensions. The image to the right illustrates the various possible dimensions that a string could vibrate in. (Currently, physicists accept the fact that there are at least 11 dimensions in our universe: 1 time dimension and 10 spatial dimensions.) The length of the strings would be determined by Planck length:

It is still not known whether these strings actually exist. They are pretty much the main topic of string theory.




Kathy Ireland

Kathleen Marie "Kathy" Ireland (born March 20, 1963 in Glendale, California) is an American fashion model, actress and businesswoman. She has been featured in "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit issue thirteen times and been on the cover three times. She also acted in several movies and television programs. Her licensing company, Kathy Ireland Worldwide, is responsible for most of her approximately $420 million wealth.

Biff Elliot

Biff Elliot (born Leon Shalek; July 26, 1923 – August 15, 2012) was an American television, stage, voice, radio, and movie actor. He is best known for his role as Mike Hammer in the 1953 movie "I, the Jury", and as his guest appearance in the "Star Trek" episode "The Devil in the Dark".

Elliot was born Leon Shalek on July 26, 1923, in Lynn, Massachusetts to Jack and Susan Elliot, he served in the army and later attended the University of Maine. After he graduated in 1949 he began acting and later appeared in 100 of movies and television programs, his career began and known after his role in "I, the Jury" in 1953.

Elliot was married to Betty Dole from 1948 until her death in 1974. He lastly married Connie Elliot from 1977 until his death in 2012. Elliot died on August 15, 2012, in his Studio City, California home from natural causes, he was 89 years old.


Paul Ryan

Paul Davis Ryan (born January 29, 1970) is an American politician. He was the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from October 29, 2015 to January 3, 2019. He was a member of U.S. House of Representatives from 1999 to 2019. He was also the House Budget Committee chairman.

Ryan also served as Chairman of the House Budget Committee from 2011 to 2015. He was the Republican Party nominee for Vice President in the 2012 election. On October 22, 2015, Ryan said he was going to run for Speaker of the United States to succeed John Boehner. He was elected on October 29 and shortly afterwards became speaker. As Speaker, Ryan helped launch the House passing of the American Health Care Act.

Ryan announced his retirement from Congress on April 11, 2018.

Ryan was born at Mercyhealth Hospital and Trauma Center in Janesville, Wisconsin. His parents were Elizabeth A. "Judy" (née Hutter) and Paul Murray Ryan. Ryan studied at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. His father died of a heart attack when Ryan was in his teenage years. His grandmother moved in shortly afterwards because she had Alzheimer's disease.

Ryan was first elected to the House in 1999, winning the 1st District seat of Mark Neumann, a two-term incumbent who had vacated his seat to make an unsuccessful bid for the U.S. Senate. Ryan won the Republican primary over 29-year-old pianist Michael J. Logan of Twin Lakes.

Ryan became the ranking Republican member of the House Budget Committee in 2008, then chairman in 2012 after Republicans took control of the House. That same year he was selected to deliver the Republican response to the State of the Union address.

During his 12 years in the House, Ryan has sponsored more than 70 bills or amendments, of which two were enacted into law. One, passed in July 2000, renamed a post office in Ryan's district; the other, passed in December 2009, lowered the excise tax on arrow shafts. Ryan has also co-sponsored 975 bills, of which 176 have passed. 22 percent of these bills were originally sponsored by Democrats.

In 2010, Ryan was a member of the bipartisan National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform (Bowles-Simpson Commission), which was tasked with developing a plan to reduce the federal deficit. He voted against the final report of the commission.

In 2012, Ryan accused the nation's top military leaders of using "smoke and mirrors" to remain under budget limits passed by Congress. Ryan later said that he misspoke on the issue and called General Martin Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to apologize for his comments.

As of mid-2012, Ryan had been on seven trips abroad as part of a congressional delegation.

On October 9, 2015, after the resignation of Speaker of the House John Boehner, Ryan confirmed that he might run for speaker. Ryan confirmed on October 22 that he would seek the speakership after receiving the endorsements of two factions of House Republicans, including the conservative Freedom Caucus. On October 29, Ryan was elected Speaker with 236 votes. He is the youngest Speaker since James G. Blaine in 1875. As Speaker, Ryan has had a role in passing the Every Child Suceeds Act, a big school reform law. He has been a major expert on the government budget, and worked with Senator Patty Murray to pass a budget before he was speaker. Ryan was the Speaker of the House during the 2016 Presidential election. On Wednesday, April 11, 2018, Speaker Ryan announced his intent not to re-election saying he will be retiring in January, at the end of his current term.

Ryan announced his retirement from the House on April 11, 2018.

On August 11, 2012, he was selected by Republican Party Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney for Vice Presidential Candidate of the 2012 Presidential election.

Ryan is currently married to Jenna Little. They have three children. Before entering into politics, Ryan worked as a fitness instructor. He was also a speechwriter for New York congressman Jack Kemp during the early 1990s.


Phil Leeds

Phil Leeds (April 6, 1916 – August 16, 1998) was an American television and movie actor. Leeds' eyes, rubbery face and wizened made him known in movies and his guest appearences in television programs such as in; "The Dick Van Dyke Show", "Roseanne", "The Golden Girls", "Three's Comapany", "Friends", "Everybody Loves Raymond", "Wings", "The Patty Duke Show", "The Larry Sanders Show", and as a ghost in the movie "Ghost". 

Leeds was born on April 6, 1916 in New York City, New York. Leeds was married to Toby Brandt until she passed in 1987, and had no children. Leeds died on August 16, 1998 from pneumonia in Los Angeles, California, he was 82 years old.

Walter Slezak

Walter Slezak (3 May 1902 – 21 April 1983) was an Austrian television and movie actor who appeared in many movies. Slezak mostly played villains or thugs, most notably the German U-boat captain in Alfred Hitchcock's movie "Lifeboat" (1944), but occasionally he got to play lighter roles, as in "The Wonderful World" of the "Brothers Grimm" (1962). He also played a cheerfully corrupt and philosophical private detective in the film noir "Born to Kill" (1947) and appeared as Squire Trelawney in "Treasure Island" (1972). He is also known for playing the Clock King in "Batman" (1966). Slezak won a Tony Award in 1955.

Slezak was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary. Slezak was married to Johanna Van Rijn from 1943 until his death in 1983. They had three children. Slezak died on April 21, 1983 after he shot himself in his home in Flower Hill, New York. He is buried in Rottach-Egern, Germany.



David Wayne

David Wayne (born Wayne James McMeekan January 30, 1914 – February 9, 1995) was an American television, voice, stage, and movie actor. He acted for nearly 50 years. He starred with famous actors such as Frank Sinatra, Marilyn Monroe, Debbie Reynolds, Celeste Holm, Katherine Hepburn, Elizabeth Taylor, and Spencer Tracy. He has appeared in nearly 100 movies. He won the first Tony Award for his role in the stage production of "Finian's Rainbow".

Wayne was born Wayne James McMeekan in Traverse City, Michigan on January 20, 1914. He was raised in Bloomingdale, Michigan. Wayne was married to Jane Gordon from 1941 until her death in 1993. They had two children. Wayne died on February 9, 1995 in his home in Santa Monica, California from lung cancer. He was 81 years old. His remains were cremated.



Nusa Lembongan

Nusa Lembongan is an island to the southeast of Bali, Indonesia at . It's area is about 8 square kilometers and there are about 7,000 people living on the island year round. It is part of a group of three islands called Pulau Penida. This island group is part of the Lesser Sunda Islands. This island group is on the western side of the Wallace Line. This line marks a change in animals and plants. To the east of this line, the ecology changes to become Australasian.

Tourism is the most important part of the economy of the island. Most tourist development is on the western side of the island at Mushroom Bay and Jungut Batu. Most local residents live in the central village of Nusa Lembongan. The other major industry is seaweed farming along the southwest coast between Nusa Lembongan and Nusa Cenignan.

Yiddish Wikipedia

Yiddish Wikipedia is the Yiddish language version of Wikipedia. It was founded on March 3, 2004, and the first article was written November 28, 2004.

Mick Veivers

Mick Veivers (born 12 August 1939) is an Australian politician from Queensland. He was the Member for Southport from 1987 to 2001 and was Minister for Emergency Services and Sport in the Borbidge Government. He was a member of the Queensland National Party. Before politics, he had been a rugby league player.

Saskatoon Greystone

Saskatoon Greystone was a district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada.

Carol Lawrence

Carol Lawrence (born September 5, 1932 in Melrose Park, Illinois, USA) is an American stage and television actress. She is probably best known for playing best Maria in "West Side Story" in 1957. She has received several Tony Awards. She has performed on many television series, including "General Hospital" and "Sex and the City".

<br>

IS/LM model

The IS/LM model is a tool that shows the relationship between interest rates and real output in "the goods and services market" and "the money market". IS/LM model is used in Macroeconomics. The point of meet of the IS curve and the LM curve is "general equilibrium". At general equilibrium, there is same equilibrium in both markets. The letters I and S of the IS curve express Investment-Saving. The letters L and M of the LM curve express Liquidity preference—Money supply. This model makes clear an effect of either a fiscal policy or a monetary policy. 

Fathom

The fathom is a unit of length. It is used especially when talking about operating ships, to measure the depth of water. It is equal to two yards. The distance between a man's outstreched arms is about a fathom. By this definition, a statute mile is 880 fathoms long. According to the directive 80/181/EWG, one fathom is 1,829 meters long.
One fathom is equal to:

In 1959 the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United Kingdom defined the length of the international yard to be exactly 0.9144 metre. With the adoption of the metric SI system the use of fathoms declined.

Norio Sasaki

After graduating from Meiji University, Sasaki joined NTT Kanto. He was a midfielder. He contributed to the club's promotion to Japan Soccer League Division 2 in 1987. He retired in 1991.

Sasaki served as the head coach of Japan Football League side Omiya Ardija in 1998, then took various other positions at Omiya, including the youth team head-coach and the head of development.

In 2006, Sasaki became the assistant coach of Japan women's national team, as well as the head coach of its U-20 team. In 2008, he was promoted to the head coach of the national team, succeeding Hiroshi Ohashi.

Under Sasaki's reign, Japan won the EAFF Women's Football Championship in 2008 and again in 2010. He also led the Japan Women to a fourth-place finish at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

Sasaki was the manager of the Japan when they won the 2011 World Cup. FIFA named Sasaki 2011 "Coach of the Year". He also coached the national team to a second-place finish at the 2015 World Cup.

He was also coach of the women's team which won a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics at London.

Sasaki announced his retirement from coaching in 2012, but was persuaded to stay on as national team coach.

In 2019, he was selected Japan Football Hall of Fame.




George C. Scott

George Campbell Scott (October 18, 1927 – September 22, 1999) was an American stage, television, and movie actor, director and producer. He was best known for his stage work, and also well known as his role of General George S. Patton in the movie "Patton", and as General Buck Turgidson in Stanley Kubrick's "Dr. Strangelove".

Scott was born in Wise, Virginia on October 18, 1927 to Helena Agnes (née Slemp) and to George Dewey Scott. He was educated at Redford High School and in the University of Missouri.

Scott began his career in 1958 in the movie "The Hanging Tree", and since then he has appeared in over 100 movie and more than 50 stage works, in movies he had appeared in; "Jane Eyre", "The Hospital", "A Christmas Carol", "Titanic (TV movie 1996)", "Movie Movie", "The Formula", "Patton", and in "Dr. Strangelove". In a interview Scott said that his influences were James Cagney, Paul Muni, and Bette Davis.

Scott was married to Carolyn Hughes from 1951 until they divorced in 1955. Later he married Patricia Reed from 1955 until they divorced in 1960. Thirdly he married Colleen Dewhurst from 1960 until they divorced in 1965, then again they married from 1962 through 1972 after they divorced again. Lastly Scott married Trish Van Devere from 1972 until his death in 1999. He and Karen Truesdell had a daughter Michelle.

Scott died on September 22, 1999 from an abdominal aortic aneurysm in Westlake Village, California, he was 71 years old. His remains are buried next to actor Walter Matthau in a unmarked grave.



Marion Ross

Marion Ross (born Marian Ross October 25, 1928) is a retired American actress who was best known for her role as Marion Cunningham on the television series "Happy Days" from 1974 to 1984. After "Happy Days" Ross had appeared in over 50 movies. She retired in 2018.

She was born in Watertown, Minnesota. She was educated at San Diego State University. She was married to Freeman Meskimen from 1951 until they divorced in 1969, they had two children. She was partners with Paul Michael from 1988 until his death in 2011.


Scott Baio

Scott Vincent James Baio (born September 22, 1960 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an American movie and television actor and television director. He is best known for his roles as Chachi Arcola on the sitcom "Happy Days" and its spin-off, "Joanie Loves Chachi". He was the main character in the series "Charles in Charge". Baio has been married to Renee Sloan since 2007. He has a daughter and a stepdaughter. Baio had two reality television series "Scott Baio Is 45...and Single" (2007) and "Scott Baio Is 46...and Pregnant" (2008) premiered on VH1.


Al Molinaro

Albert Francis "Al" Molinaro (June 24, 1919 – October 30, 2015) was an American television and movie actor, who is mostly known as Al Delvecchio, the owner of Arnold's on "Happy Days" and its spin-off show "Joanie Loves Chachi".

He is also known for his roles in "The Odd Couple" television series, as well as starring in commercials for On-Cor frozen dinners. He also starred in a 1982 comedy "The Ugily Family". Molinaro retired from acting in 1992.

Molinaro was born in Kenosha, Wisconsin on June 24, 1919 to an Italian family. Molinaro was married to Sidney Molinaro until they divorced. He has been married to Betty Farrell since 1981. With Sidney he has a son Michael Molinaro.

Molinaro died in Glendale, California from a gallbladder infection, aged 96.




Jack Albertson

Jack Albertson (June 16, 1907 – November 25, 1981) also known as Jackie Alberts was an American actor, comedian, dancer and singer.

Albertson was born in Malden, Massachusetts to Flora (née Craft) and to Leopold Albertson. His career begun in 1938 and lasted until his death in 1981, but Albertson is known for his roles such as; Manny Rosen in "The Poseidon Adventure" (1972), Grandpa Joe in "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" (1971), Amos Slade in the animated movie "The Fox and the Hound" (1981), and as Ed Brown in the 1974–1978 television comedy "Chico and the Man". For his contributions to the television industry, Jack Albertson was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Albertson was married to Wallace Thompson from 1952 until his death. They had a child, Maura Dhu Studi Albertson. Albertson died on November 25, 1981 in Hollywood, California from Colorectal cancer which he had for three years. He was 74 years old.

Nora Roberts

Eleanor Marie Robertson, better known as Nora Roberts (born October 10, 1950 in Maryland), is an American novelist. She has written over 200 romance books. Many of her novels were bestsellers.

Irving Fein

Irving Fein (June 21, 1911 – August 10, 2012) was an Emmy Award winning American television and movie producer, and the longtime manager of comedians Jack Benny and George Burns. 

Fein was born in Brooklyn, New York. Fein was married to Florence Kohn until they divorced. Lastly he married Marion Schecter from 1969 until his death in 2012. Fein has two children and a stepson. Fein died on August 10, 2012 in Los Angeles, California from heart failure, he was 101 years old.

Naughty Dog

Naughty Dog is a video game company founded by Andy Gavin and Jason Rubin in 1986. It is part of Sony since 2001. They produced more successful games, including "Rings of Power" for Sega Genesis and "Way Of The Warrior" for 3DO.

"Rings of Power" was created with a low budget. Universal Studios signed a deal with the duo to a three-title deal and fund the expansion of the company. Mark Cerny, who had produced "Sonic the Hedgehog 2" for Sega, convinced Naughty Dog to focus on new resources on creating a character-based platform game in 3D. "Crash Bandicoot" was developed and became the first 3D video game by Naughty Dog. for the PlayStation on September 9, 1996. Naughty Dog would develop three "Crash Bandicoot" sequels over the next several years. In January 2001, it was announced Sony would acquire Naughty Dog. After developing the fourth "Crash Bandicoot" game ("Crash Team Racing"), the company began working on "Jak and Daxter" for PlayStation 2. In 2004, Naughty Dog's studio president and co-founder, Jason Rubin left the company to work on a new game named "Iron and the Maiden".

As Jam Software
As Naughty Dog

List of Sony Greatest Hits games

Greatest Hits are video games for the North American Sony PlayStation, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and PlayStation Portable game consoles that are released again but at a lower price by Sony. The term "Greatest Hits" applies to selected video games from North America. Other programs exist in PAL territories (as the Platinum Range), Japan and Asia (as "The Best") and Korea (as "BigHit Series").

The following titles have been released on the Greatest Hits label for PlayStation.


The following titles have been released on the Greatest Hits label for PlayStation 2.


The following titles have been released on the Greatest Hits label for PlayStation 3.


The following titles have been released on the Greatest Hits label for PlayStation Portable.


Luleå

Luleå (, Lule sami "Luleju", Finnish "Luulaja") is a city in northern Sweden. In 2010, 46,607 people lived there. It is the seat of Luleå Municipality and the capital of Norrbotten County.

Platinum Range

The Platinum Range is a Sony PlayStation chain. It includes PlayStation, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable video games that have been successful in PAL countries. Other chains from Sony include the Greatest Hits for North America and The Best for Japan.

To become a Platinum release it was required that a game must sell over 400,000 copies worldwide within a year. For PSP, not only Platinum Range exist. There are also PSP Essentials. The first PS3 titles were released on August 1, 2008.










Paul Rusesabagina

Paul Rusesabagina (born 1954) is a Rwandan humanitarian. He is known for hiding and protecting 1,268 people during the 1994 Rwandan genocide. Rusesabagina was the assistant manager of the Sabena Hôtel des Mille Collines. Later, he was the manager of the Hôtel des Diplomates. Both hotels are in Kigali, Rwanda. During the genocide, he used his influence and connections with high ranking and important people to protect 1,268 Tutsis and Hutus from being killed by the Interahamwe.

Rusesabagina's story was the basis of the Academy Award winning 2004 movie "Hotel Rwanda" staring Don Cheadle. Rusesabagina currently lives in Brussels, Belgium with his wife, four children and two adopted nieces.

On 20 September 2021, he was found guilty of terrorism-related charges. During the court proceeding, he denounced president Paul Kagame and reported that he had been abducted from exile to stand trial in Rwanda.

Gameplay

Gameplay is the way players interact with a game, and in particular with video games. It is the connection between the game rules, challenges and overcoming them and the plot. Video game gameplay is how attracting the graphics and audio are to the player.

Along with the rise of video game development in the 1980s, the term gameplay was used only in the context of video games. Now its popularity has started to be used in the description of other, more traditional, game types. Generally, gameplay is about the general experience of playing a video game. It does not include other things like graphics and sound. Game mechanics, on the other hand, is the set of rules in a game that are supposed to make an enjoyable gaming experience. Academic discussions often use terms like "game mechanics". This is because "gameplay" is too general for academic discussions.



Crash Nitro Kart

Crash Nitro Kart is a 2003 racing video game developed by Vicarious Visions and published by Universal Interactive Studios (along with Konami in the Japanese release) for the PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube, Xbox, Game Boy Advance and N-Gage. It is the second "Crash Bandicoot" racing game behind "Crash Team Racing". It is the ninth "Crash Bandicoot" game overall.



List of best-selling PlayStation video games

The list of best-selling PlayStation video games are listed in order of greatest to least best-selling video game. The video games listed here have sold or shipped at least one million copies.


Total PlayStation games shipped as of March 31, 2007: 962 million.

PocketStation games that have sold or shipped at least one million copies.

Mary Ann Lee

Mary Ann Lee (18231899) was one of America's first professional ballerinas. She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to theatrical parents, and trained there with Paul Hazard of the Paris Opéra. She made her ballet debut as Fatima in 1837 in "The Maid of Cashmere" at the Chestnut Street Theatre in Philadelphia. Debuting in the same production was the great Augusta Maywood. Night after night, the two girls were showered with applause and bouquets.

Lee studied in New York City with James Sylvain, and made her New York debut in June 1839 at the Bowery Theatre. She did not confine herself to dance, but acted in melodramas and other stage works. She toured the United States, then studied with Ballet Master Jean Coralli in Paris. When she returned to the United States, she brought the directions for several popular ballets with her. She danced the first American performance of "Giselle" in Boston in 1846.

Lee danced and toured with George Washington Smith. She retired in 1847 at age 24 for health reasons. She married William Vanhook, a Philadelphia merchant. The couple had three children. She made a few returns to the stage, and taught dance in later life. She died in Philadelphia in 1899, and is buried in Laurel Hill Cemetery. Critics and ballet lovers alike were unanimous in their praise of Lee. If she had pursued her career rather than retirement, she would likely have become a star of international renown.

Claire Forlani

Claire Antonia Forlani (born December 1971) is an English movie performer who also stars on TV programs. She starred in the movie "Mystery Men" in 1999. She also starred in other movies.

Eddy Arnold

Richard Edward "Eddy" Arnold (May 1918-May 2008) was an American pop icon during the 1950s and 1960s. He sold almost 86 million albums and had many hit songs during his career. He was born in Tennessee.

Arte Johnson

Arthur Stanton Eric "Arte" Johnson (January 20, 1929 – July 3, 2019) was an American comedian and television, movie, and voice actor. His career lasted for 50 years. His career started in 1954 up until his retirement in 2005. Johnson was a regular cast in "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In". His well-known "character" was that of a German soldier with his famous the catchphrase: "Verrrry interesting, but...['stupid', 'not very funny', and other versions]". He won a Saturn Award.

Johnson was born in Benton Harbor, Michigan. He was educated at the University of Illinois. He was married to Gisela Johnson from 1968 until his death. Johnson died on July 3, 2019 in Los Angeles from bladder and prostate cancer at the age of 90.

Chía, Cundinamarca

Chía is a town in the Cundinamarca department of Colombia. It is to the north of Bogotá on the main road to Zipaquira. Its history goes back to the pre-Columbian time. The name comes from the Chibchan language. It means "moon" or "month".

It is home of the Universidad de la Sabana.

Chía, Aragon

Chía is a small town in the eastern Pyrenees, in Aragon, Spain; it is a municipality in the Huesca province.

People in this region speak "patués", a dialect of the eastern Aragonese language.

Chía is in the Benasque Valley, on the foot of the Sierra de Chía, a short mountain range in the Pyrenees. It is about from Huesca, the capital city of the Huesca province.

The mean yearly temperature is and the mean yearly rainfall is .



Chia, Italy

Chia or Baia di Chia is a coastal area in southern Sardinia (Italy). It is part of the municipality of Domus de Maria in the Province of Cagliari.


Robert Loggia

Robert Loggia (Salvatore Loggia; January 3, 1930 – December 4, 2015) was an American actor and director. 

Loggia was born on January 3, 1930 in Staten Island, New York City to Benjamin Loggia and to Elena Blandino both of whom were born in Sicily, Italy. Loggia was educated at Wagner College and journalism at the University of Missouri. After his service in the US Army, Loggia began a his career in stage, movie, and television.

Loggia had a career span of 60 years since 1953, since then he appeared in many movies, including: "An Officer and a Gentleman", "", based on the Air New Zealand Flight 103 incident, "Scarface", "Prizzi's Honor", "Over the Top", "Independence Day", "Necessary Roughness", "Return to Me", "Armed and Dangerous", and "Big" (for which he won a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actor). 

Loggia was married to Marjorie Sloan from 1954 until they divorced in 1981. He was married to Audrey O'Brien from 1982 until his death in 2015. Loggia has two children of his own and a stepchild. Loggia died at his home in Los Angeles, California from Alzheimer's disease, aged 85.


Pigou effect

The Pigou effect is an economics term that refers to the stimulation of output and employment. It is caused by increasing consumption due to a rise in real balances of wealth. It often happens particularly during deflation.

Wealth was defined by Arthur Cecil Pigou as "the sum of the money supply and government bonds divided by the price level". He explained that Keynes' General theory was incomplete because it was not clarifying a link from "real balances" to current consumption. He also pointed out that it didn't include such a "wealth effect" would make the economy more 'self correcting' to drops in aggregate demand than Keynes predicted. Because the effect derives from changes to the "Real Balance", this is also called the Real Balance effect.

Joan Fontaine

Joan de Beauvoir de Havilland (October 22, 1917 – December 15, 2013), known professionally as Joan Fontaine, was a British-American actress and singer. She and her older sister Olivia de Havilland were two of the last surviving leading ladies from Hollywood of the 1930s.

Fontaine is the only actress to have won an Academy Award for a performance in a movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock, "Suspicion" (1941).

Fontaine was born in Tokyo to British parents. She became an American citizen in 1943. She has divorced four times. She has one child from her second marriage.

She died on December 15, 2013 at her Carmel-by-the-Sea, California home from natural causes, aged 96.

Charing Cross railway station

Charing Cross station, is a central London rail terminus in the City of Westminster . The rail station is one of 18 stations managed by Network Rail, and trains serving it are operated by Southeastern. It is the fifth busiest rail terminal in London.

The station takes its name from the central London road junction of Charing Cross. The front of the rail station faces The Strand. The other end is the northern end of Hungerford Bridge, which is crossed by all trains serving the station. Ticket barriers control access to all platforms, although the bridge entrance has no barriers. 

The original station building was built on the site of Hungerford Market and opened on 11 January 1864. The station has a single span wrought iron roof arching over the six platforms on its relatively cramped site. A year later the Charing Cross Hotel opened on 15 May 1865, and gave the station an ornate front in the French Renaissance style. At the same time, a replica of the Eleanor Cross was erected in the station forecourt, based on the original 13th century Whitehall Cross that had been demolished in 1647. Distances in London are officially measured from the original site of the cross in Whitehall, now the statue of Charles I, and not from this replica cross.


Charing Cross tube station

Charing Cross tube station is a London Underground station at Charing Cross. It has entrances in Trafalgar Square and The Strand. The station takes its name from the central London road junction of Charing Cross.

The station is served by the Northern and Bakerloo lines and provides an interchange with the National Rail network at the Charing Cross rail station. On the Northern Line it is between Embankment and Leicester Square stations on the Charing Cross branch, and on the Bakerloo Line it is between Embankment and Piccadilly Circus stations. It is in Travelcard Zone 1. 

The station was served by the Jubilee Line between 1979 and 1999; acting as the southern terminus of the line during that period. For most of the history of the Underground the name "Charing Cross" was associated with a different station, the one now called Embankment. 


Shin Ik-hee

Shin Ik-hee (, July 11, 1894 – May 5, 1956) was a Resistance activists, politician, and educator of South Korea. His nickname was Haegong (해공, 海公) and Haehoo (해후, 海候), customs name was Yeogu (여구, 如耉). header of National Assembly of Koreas 1948 to 1954.



Video game producer

A video game producer is the person in charge during the development of a video game.

The earliest known use of the term "producer" in games was by Trip Hawkins. He became the first video game producer when he founded Electronic Arts in 1982. Hawkins believed that a video game producer could be like a record producer, who takes control over the whole development of a video game. Hawkins brought record producers from A&M Records to help train the first video game producers.

Back then, video game producer had a negative reputation as "imitation Hollywood" by game executives and press members. However, it is now a term that is accepted and used more often in video games. The role of the video game producer has been defined by different companies and different teams. There are a number of positions of a producer.

Video game producers earn the third most money in the video game industry. They earn an average of USD$75,000 annually. Associate producers with less than three years experience earn $43,000. However, those between three to six years of experience earn an average of $55,700 annually. Executive producers with over six years experience earn an average of $103,000 annually.


Azathioprine

Azathioprine is an immunosuppressant drug. It is used in, for example, the organ transplantation of kidneys. 

Video game artist

A game artist is an artist who creates art for video games. Game artists are in charge of all game development of visual art.

Many game artists are asked to develop graphical environments and elements in which role-playing games take place. For example, in the "Monster Manual" early "Dungeons & Dragons" artists created visual imitations of monsters players might see while playing the video game.

Visual art can help make the gameplay of a video game more appealing to a player. Art for role-playing games can be expressed in a lot of different ways. These can include from pencil drawings, pen and ink drawings, oil paintings or even 3D models created with a computer.

Video game music

Video game music is any musical instruments or soundtrack and background music found in video games. It can be from just a synthesizer tune to an orchestral piece. The older a game is, the simpler the music will be. In recent times, many games have had complex soundtracks similar to those of movies. 

Interactive soundtracks in a video game is music changing into different sounds, depending on what the player does. It is also common for a video game soundtrack to be sold in stores or performed in concerts. Music is very important to gameplay.

There are many awards for composers who create the music in a video game. Awards available are from the Ivor Novello Awards, Spike Video Game Awards, Grammy Awards, International Film Music Critics Association, Inside Gaming and the MTV Video Music Awards.

Video game music can set the mood of a video game, which can help the player to understand the video game that they're playing.


Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine

Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine (OPM) was a monthly video game magazine. It was published by Ziff Davis Media. It was a sister publication of "Electronic Gaming Monthly". The magazine talked about anything that dealt with the PlayStation.

Topics included its hardware, software, and culture. It covered new video game releases and critics gave reviews on games available on PlayStation One, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable.

The magazine was known for its free demos it included in each issue. The demos were upcoming or new video games that might be interesting to buy by the player. The magazine was produced for almost ten years. The first issue was the September 1997 issue and the final issue was released on January 2007.

In December 2007, one month after the magazine was discontinued, the "" (PSM), replaced OPM as the official magazine focusing on Sony game consoles.

In the last issue of "OPM" staff included:
Past members included: 


Adolphe Nourrit

Adolphe Nourrit (3 March 1802 – 8 March 1839) was a French operatic tenor, librettist, and composer.

He was born in Montpellier, Hérault. His father was an operatic tenor. Nourrit was almost 20 when he made his professional operatic debut in 1821 in Gluck's "Iphigénie en Tauride". In 1826, he succeeded his father as the principal tenor at the Paris Opéra. He held the position until 1836. He became a pupil of Rossini, and created all the principal tenor roles in Rossini's French operas. In time, he gained considerable power at the Opéra. He was consulted by composers and his approval was sought for works in progress. He was appointed to the Conservatoire de Paris in 1827. He wrote many libretti for ballets at the Opéra, and, in 1832, he wrote the libretto for "La Sylphide", the seminal romantic ballet. In 1836, he went hoarse during a performance at the Opéra and thereafter turned to salon recitals, introducing Schubert's songs to the salon audiences. He studied in Naples with Donizetti and made his debut in that city in 1838. 
His physical and mental health declined and in 1839 he committed suicide. He was buried in Montmartre Cemetery with his wife, who only survived him by a few months, dying in childbirth.


Pierre-Luc-Charles Cicéri

Pierre-Luc-Charles Cicéri (17 August 178222 August 1868) was a 19th century French set designer. He was born in Saint-Cloud, Hauts-de-Seine, and died in Saint-Chéron, Essonne. Cicéri designed the scenery for the first performance of "La belle au bois dormant" which opened on 2 March 1825 at the Théâtre de l'Académie Royale de Musique in Paris. He also designed the sets for a ballet version of "Jocko ou le Singe du Brésil" ("Jocko or the Monkey of Brazil") by Frédéric-Auguste Blache with music by Alexandre Piccinni. The ballet was first performed at the Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Martin in Paris on 16 March 1825. He designed the scenery for the first performance of the ballet "Giselle" in 1841. The ballet opened at the Opéra and was especially acclaimed for the setting of its second act. He was awarded a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur.

Jesse Robredo

Jesse Manalastas Robredo (May 27, 1958 – August 18, 2012) was the Secretary of the Interior and Local Government of the Philippines. Robredo was a member of the Liberal Party.

Until his death in 2012, Robredo was married to Leni Gerona who is the 14th and current Vice President of the Philippines.

On July 9, 2010, President Benigno Aquino III named Robredo as Secretary of the Interior and Local Government. Robredo was a former Mayor of Naga City in Camarines Sur. He was the first Filipino Mayor to receive the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Government Service in 2000.

On August 18, 2012 (PHT), the aircraft carrying Robredo crashed off Masbate bay. He was scheduled to attend a political event in Naga City. The Philippine Department of Interior and Local Government said that the pilot sent a distress call to the Masbate airport. The pilot was requesting an emergency landing. The plane never made it to the airport and crashed in the ocean. His body was retrieved three days later, August 21, 800 meters from the shore and 180 feet below sea level.


Michael Stuhlbarg

Michael S. Stuhlbarg (born July 5, 1968), is an American theatre, movie and television actor. His most important movie roles are "Larry Gopnik" in "A Serious Man" (2009), and "Griffin" in "Men in Black 3" (2012). Stuhlbarg is Jewish. He recently appeared as "Dr. Robert Hoffstetler/Dimitri Mosenkov" in "The Shape of Water" (2017).

Mount Herzl

Mount Herzl (, ), also called "Har HaZikaron" (, which means "Mount of Remembrance"), is the national cemetery of Israel in Jerusalem. It is named for Theodor Herzl, the founder of modern political Zionism. Yad Vashem, the main Holocaust museum of Israel is on the Mount of Remembrance. It is an extension of Mount Herzl. Mount Herzl is 834 meters above sea level. The northern area is the National Military and Police cemetery and the southern area is the National Civil Cemetery of the State of Israel.

The southern slope of Mount Herzl is dedicated to the leaders and important public persons of the state of Israel. In Hebrew this cemetery is called Helkat Gdolei Ha'Uma ("the section of the great people of the nation"). The cemetery region includes national memorials of the Israeli public and memorial gardens of leaders that visit the state of Israel.

Mount Herzl Plaza is central ceremonial plaza in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. The plaza is used for the opening ceremony of Israel Independence Day every year. On the northern side of the plaza is the grave of Theodor Herzl, the founder of modern political Zionism. The plaza is at the highest spot of Mount Herzl in the center of the national cemetery. On 18 April 2012, during the rehearsals for the Independence Day ceremony, an electrical lamppost fell down. It killed one soldier and wounded seven other soldiers. The soldier was buried in the military cemetery nearby.

The Menorah sculpture is at the entrance to Mount Herzl. It is dedicated to the Third Temple. It was made in 2002 by sculptor Ben Zion Tzefoni.

The Garden of the Nations is a public garden. It has been planted with olives trees by foreign leaders visiting Israel. Each tree is has a plaque with the name of the leader who planted it.

The Herzl Museum is a biographical museum. It tells the story of Theodor Herzl and his vision to create a Zionist country. The museum opened in 2005.

Mount Herzl Educational Center - The Stella and Alexander Margolis Educational Center for study of Zionism is located beside the Herzl Museum. It opened in 2013. A small memorial garden to Norman Herzl was planted beside the study center.

The memorial path was designed by the architect Uri Abramson and was built by Israeli youth organizations in 2003. It tells the story of the birth of the state of Israel, from the beginning of the Zionism until the declaration of the state. The path runs from the National Civil Cemetery to Yad Vashem.

The Victims of Acts of Terror Memorial is the main memorial for all victims of terrorism in Israel from 1851 until today. The Memorial was opened in 1997, and every year, a ceremony is held on the plaza of the memorial.

The main Israel Defense Forces cemetery is on the northern slope of Mt. Herzl. The cemetery includes memorials to members of the IDF who have fallen in the line of duty, and memorial gardens to the people who fought for the pre Zionist state. The Israel Police cemetery, for police officers who have fallen in the line of duty, is also located there.

The Garden of Those Missing in Action is a Memorial Garden in the National Military and Police Cemetery dedicated to people who have gone missing in action so that their burial place is unknown. It is also dedicated to the memory of unknown soldiers. In the garden there is a wall of names of people hwo have gone missing starting in 1914 until the present day. Beside it, empty graves represent missing soldiers and officers who have fought in the Israeli Defense Forces.

The National Memorial Hall For Israel's Fallen () at Mount Herzl in Jerusalem is an initiative of the Israeli Ministry of Defense to commemorate all military Israeli casualties of war and Jewish fighters from 1860 until today. The proposal to build the hall was announced by Defense Minister Ehud Barak in 2010.

In 2012, the Israeli government approved the establishment of the National Memorial Hall at a cost of $40 million. Certification has been delayed because of a petition to the court by families of terror victims. They say that there is no mention in the hall of the names of those victims, although the Hall is planned to be built next to the main memorial to Israeli terror victims.

The Memorial Hall opened on 30 April 2017.
In the center of the hall is the eternal flame dedicated to the unknown soldiers of Israel. This means at least one unidentified set of remains is buried there so that the families of soldiers whose bodies were never brought back can go there, imagine it is their dead relative, and mourn.

An ancient Jewish burial cave from the Second Temple period was found in the military cemetery in 1954. Architect Asher Hiram designed a new entrance for the cave, so it is included in the cemetery.

The Mount of Remembrance is the western summit of Mount Herzl. It is 806 meters above sea level. It is called Mount of Remembrance in memory of the victims of the Holocaust. Yad Vashem museum is on the top of the mountain.

Yad Vashem is the national Holocaust museum of Israel. The museum includes the International School for Holocaust Studies, the International Institute for Holocaust Research, the Valley of the Destroyed Communities, the Hall of Names, and the Righteous Among the Nations memorial path.






National Library of Israel

The National Library of Israel (NLI; ; formerly the Jewish National and University Library - JNUL, ), is the national library of the state of Israel. It is on the campus of Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Givat Ram.


Israel Museum

The Israel Museum (, Muze'on Yisrael, Yerushalayim) is Israel's national museum. It is in Jerusalem. It was founded in 1965. It is on a hill in the Givat Ram near The National Campus for the Archaeology of Israel, Bible Lands Museum and the Knesset.


Emperor newt

The emperor newt ("Tylototriton shanjing") is a highly toxic newt. It lives in southeast Asia. They live in pools and slow-moving streams in subtropical forests.They mostly are awake during night and sleep during the day. The emperor newt usually eats small insects. These include crickets and worms. 

It is also called the mandarin newt or mandarin salamander. They can grow up to long. It has a ridged orange head. A single orange ridge runs along its back. This ridge is lined with two parallel rows of orange bumps on a black background. The tail and legs are entirely orange. There are different shades of orange.

When the newt is grabbed, the tips of the ribs will squeeze out poison. Emperor newts have enough toxin to kill about 7,500 mice. 

Elle Varner

Gabrielle Shellise Varner (born February 12, 1989), simply known as Elle Varner is an American singer-songwriter. Her parents, Mikelyn Roderick and Jimmy Varner were publishers and songwriters. Elle signed a recording agreement with Sony Music in 2009. Her debut album "Perfectly Imperfect" was released on August 7, 2012. Two singles from the album were released: "Only Wanna Give It to You" and "Refill". The singles reached the top twenty on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.

Elle is of Cape Verdean descent. She is the daughter of Mikelyn Roderick and Jimmy Varner. They are publishers and songwriters. Roderick was a backing vocalist for Barry White and has written and recorded with Tevin Campbell and Rahsaan Patterson. Jimmy Varner has done collaborations with Gerald Alston, Kool & the Gang, and Will Downing.

Elle began playing the flute at age 6 and the piano at age 9. She grew up around recording studios because of her parents jobs. She attended Alexander Hamilton High School's Academy of Music's Vocal Jazz Group. She wrote songs while being there. One of which "Thankful" won the top prize at their talent show. Because of this, she was accepted in NYU's Clive Davis Department of Recorded Music. She graduated there in 2008. In October 2009, she signed a recording agreement with MBK/J-RCA Records along with an agreement with Sony Music. She became the first artist to be featured on BET's Music Matters campaign that same year.

Elle's debut single "Only Wanna Give It to You" was released on August 6, 2011, from her debut album "Perfectly Imperfect" (2012). It features American rapper J. Cole. It got to number 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. In October 2011, Elle was listed as one of TheBoomBox's "15 Artists to Watch". On October 7, 2011, Elle was moved to RCA Records.

Elle released a mixtape "Conversational Lush" on January 23, 2012, as a promotion of her new album. The song "Refill" was released as the second single on January 31, 2012, on iTunes. It debuted at number 78 on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Elle's debut album was released on August 7, 2012 and got to number three on the US "Billboard" 200 albums chart.




Perfectly Imperfect

Perfectly Imperfect is the first album by American singer-songwriter Elle Varner. It was released on August 7, 2012 by RCA Records. Songwriters and producers on the album include Jermaine Lamar Cole, Andrew "Pop" Wansel, Warren "Oak" Felder, Frankie Storm and Darrhyl Camper.

On January 23, 2012, Varner released a mixtape, titled "Conversational Lush" as part of a promotion for the album. The mixtape was released after the first single of the album, "Only Wanna Give It to You". The mixtape includes 13 tracks, and production from J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League, Bei Maejor, Andrew "Pop" Wansel and Warren "Oak" Felderand.

There have been three singles to have been released. The lead single "Only Wanna Give It to You" was released on August 16, 2011. It features American rapper J. Cole. It got to number 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The second single "Refill" was released on January 31, 2012. It got to number 10 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. "I Don't Care" was released on July 16, 2012, the third single. It got to number 80 on the same chart.

Allmusic compared the album to the debuts of American singer Chrisette Michele and Jazmine Sullivan. Allmusic gave a positive review saying ""Perfectly Imperfect" sounds like the assured work of a singer and songwriter -- one who co-composes and co-produces her material -- who is on her third or fourth album." They also liked Varner's vocals.

Credits for "Perfectly Imperfect":

Elle Varner discography

Elle Varner, an American singer-songwriter, has released one studio album, one mixtape, three singles, one promotional single and two music videos.


Johann Friedrich Franz Burgmüller

Friedrich Burgmüller (Johann Friedrich Franz Burgmüller, 4 December 1806 – 13 February 1874) was a German pianist and composer. He was born in Regensberg, Germany, to a musical family. In 1832, he settled in Paris and adopted the French musical style. He wrote many works for piano, especially etudes for children that are still played today. His best known work is probably the "Peasant pas de deus" (originally "Souvenirs de Ratisbonne") in Adolphe Adam's ballet "Giselle" (1841). It is not known how this music came to be inserted into the ballet.


Hurricane Richard

Hurricane Richard was the seventeenth named storm and the tenth hurricane of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season. The National Hurricane Center declared it a tropical storm on October 20.

Throughout Belize, Hurricane Richard caused about US$80 million in damage. Two deaths took place in the country, one direct and the other indirect. One person drowned after his ship broke during the storm. Another was mauled to death by a jaguar that escaped its cage after a tree fell and broke the cage.

Belize District

The Belize District is a district of the nation of Belize. The district capital is the nation's largest city, Belize City.

San Pedro Town, which is on the island of Ambergris Caye, is also in the Belize District. Caye Caulker and St. George's Caye are the island villages in this district. Maskall, Bomba, Corozalito, Santana, Lucky Strike, Rockstone Pond, Boston, Crooked Tree, Biscayne, May Pen, Gardenia, Grace Bank, Sand Hill, Lord's Bank, Ladyville, Burrel Boom, Buttercup, Scotland Halfmoon, Flowers Bank, Bermudian Landing, Isabella Bank, Double Head Cabbage, Willows Bank, Saint Paul's Bank, Big Falls, Rancho Dolores, Hattieville, Freetown Sibun, Gracie Rock, La Democracia, and Gales Point are all mainland villages in the Belize District. The Crooked Tree and Monkey Bay Wildlife Sanctuaries, the Belize Zoo (30 miles west of Belize City), as well as the ancient Maya ruins of Altun Ha are all in this district.

The Belize District was the area first settled by Europeans. They lived along the rivers and creeks because these waterways were used for transportation. Many of the estates were called the owner's 'bank'(as in the banks of a river). Therefore, Mr. Lord's estate on the bank of the Belize River became Lord's Bank. Mr. Flowers' home place on this same river became Flowers Bank. Many of these old estates have grown into villages. Other places such as Baker, Bob Eiley, Bocotora, Nago Bank, Washing Tree, Cedar Bank, Churchyard, Egypt, Watters Bank, and White Hill are old estates which did not become villages. Some places like Davis Bank and Tropical Park have now become parts of larger communities.

Most of the Belize District is in the east central mainland of Belize. The Belize District also includes offshore islands, including Ambergris Caye, Caye Caulker, St. George's Caye, Caye Chapel, English Caye and Goff's Caye. Ambergris Caye and Caye Caulker are two of the country's main tourism areas. The longest river in the country, the Belize River, passes through the district and joins the Caribbean Sea along its coast. The Northern River, Sibun River, and Manatee River are also in this District.

Atelopus longirostris

Atelopus longirostris, a harlequin frog or jambato, is a member of the family of true toads: Bufonidae. It has only been found in northern Ecuador. It was believed to be extinct extinct, and species had not been seen since 1989, until its rediscovery im 2016

"Atelopus longirostris" has a slender body with long legs. Males have legs up to 35 mm, and females up to 47 mm. The dorsum is brown with yellow or cream rounded spots. The flanks are dark brown or black. The venter is whitish with some brown in the throat and chest.

Atelopus

Atelopus, commonly known as harlequin frogs, is a large genus of true toads. They live in Central and South America. They go as far north as Costa Rica and as far south as Bolivia. "Atelopus" are small, generally brightly colored and diurnal. Most species live near mid- to high-elevation streams. Many species are now considered endangered, while others already are extinct. The cause of these declines mostly appears to be the chytrid fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis".

New "Atelopus" species are discovered with some regularity. Many new species have been described in the last ten years. 

Adenomus

Adenomus is a small genus of true toads. It only has three species. These all live in Sri Lanka. "Adenomus kandianus" was thought to be extinct for 133 years. It was rediscovered in October 2009 in the Kandy area.


Altiphrynoides

Altiphrynoides is a genus of toads. They are commonly called Ethiopian toads. They only live in the highlands of south-central Ethiopia in the Arussi, Bale, and Sidamo provinces. Both species are threatened by habitat loss. They used to be included in "Nectophrynoides". Now they are separate because they lay eggs, while "Nectophrynoides" give birth to fully developed young.


Amietophrynus

Amietophrynus is a large genus of true toads. They live in Africa. At first "Amietophrynus" species were included in the genus "Bufo". They have been split because they are considered different enough.


Andinophryne

Andinophryne is a small genus of true toads. There are only three species. They are found in the Andes.

Ansonia (frog)

Ansonia (commonly known as stream toads) is a small genus of true toads. They are found in South India; northern Thailand; Malay Peninsula; Tioman Island; Borneo and Mindanao (Philippines). These are a small forest species. They spawn in streams and have torrent-adapted tadpoles.


Darryl F. Zanuck

Darryl Francis Zanuck (September 5, 1902 – December 22, 1979) was an American producer, writer, actor, director and studio executive. He played a major part in the Hollywood studio system. He earned three Academy Awards. His career lasted 48 years.

Zanuck was born in Wahoo, Nebraska on September 5, 1902 to Louise (née Torpin) and Frank Zanuck. Zanuck was married to Virginia Fox from 1924 until they separated in 1956. They had three children. One of their children was movie producer Richard D. Zanuck who produced "Jaws".

Zanuck died on December 22, 1979 in Palm Springs, California from jaw cancer. He was 77 years old.

Bufoides

Bufoides is a genus of true toad. Bufoides meghalayanus is the only species. They are known as "Mawblang Toad" or "Khasi Hills Toad". They live in north-eastern India.


Capensibufo

Capensibufo is a genus of true toads with only two species. The common English name is Cape Toads. They live in the Republic of South Africa from Breede River to north of Knysna, Western Cape Province.


Churamiti

Churamiti is a genus of the true toads. The only species is Churamiti maridadi. They live in Tanzania. It is listed as a critically endangered species. This is due to a restricted range and habitat loss. 

Crepidophryne

Crepidophryne is a genus of toads commonly called Cerro Utyum Toads. The genus has three species. They live throughout the Costa Rican and Panamian highlands.


Dendrophryniscus

Dendrophryniscus is a genus of true toads. They live in the forests of Brazil, amazonian Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and the Guianas. They prefer to live in subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.


Virginia Fox

Virginia Fox (April 2, 1902 – October 14, 1982) was an American actress who starred in many silent movie of the 1910s and 1920s, her career spanned 14 years. 

Fox was born in Wheeling, West Virginia to Marie (née Oglseby) and Frederick Fox. She was married to Darryl F. Zanuck from 1924 until they separated in 1956. They had three children, one of them was movie producer Richard D. Zanuck. Fox died on October 14, 1982 in Palm Springs, California from emphysema and from cerebral thrombosis, she was 80 years old.

 

Didynamipus

Didynamipus is a genus in the Bufonidae family. Didynamipus sjostedti, also called the four-digit toad, is the only species. They live in Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, and Nigeria. They prefer to live in subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest. They are threatened by habitat loss.


Duttaphrynus

Duttaphrynus is a genus of true toads. They live in southwestern and southern China (including Taiwan and Hainan) and throughout southern Asia from northern Pakistan and Nepal through India to Sri Lanka, Andaman Island, Sumatra, Java, Borneo, and Bali.

These toads have heads with bony ridges. The nose area is short and blunt. The first finger of these toads is longer than the second. The toes are half webbed. The toads are brown above and yellow beneath, marbled with brown. 


Natterjack toad

The natterjack toad ("Epidalea calamita", formerly "Bufo calamita") is a toad. They live in the sandy and heathland areas of Europe. Adults are 60–70 mm in length. They are different from other toads because they have a yellow line down the middle of the back. They have relatively short legs. This gives them a distinctive gait, which is different than the hopping movement of many other toad species.

Natterjacks have a very loud and distinctive mating call.

Natterjacks live for up to 15 years and feed on insects, worms and small reptiles. At night they move around open land with little vegetation. Their tracks can often be seen in loose sand. They move large distances each night.

The Natterjack Toad spawns between the end of April and July. They lay 'strings' of eggs in shallow, warm pools. Because the Natterjack Toad is often present in low numbers, its loud mating calls are important so that the sexes can find each other.

For Natterjacks, pools need to have a small slope with little vegetation on the banks and in the water. Sometimes the larvae die when the pools dry out. The Natterjack mates a few times each summer. The age of the young can vary from a month to 3 months in September. 

There are toads in seventeen European countries. In the British Isles the toad is mostly in coastal areas. In mainland Europe, particularly in the southern part of its range, it lives inland in a variety of places.

The Natterjack Toad is the only species of toad native to Ireland. It is found on the Dingle peninsula and Derrynane in County Kerry and also in County Wexford.

Frostius

Frostius — also called Frost's Toads — is a small genus of true toads. There are only two species.


Ingerophrynus

Ingerophrynus is a genus of true toads with eleven species. Ten of the species in this genus used to be thought to be species of the genus "Bufo". In 2007 a new species, "Ingerophrynus gollum", was added to this genus. This species is named after the character Gollum created by J. R. R. Tolkien. These species live in Southern Yunnan and Indochina; peninsular Thailand and Malaya to Sumatra, Borneo, Java, Nias Island, and Sulawesi.


Liquidity preference

In Macroeconomics, the liquidity preference is the demand to hold cash as risk-free wealth. This is also known as Cash preference. The idea was first developed by John Maynard Keynes in his book The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money (1936).

Miroslava Karpovich

Miroslava Olegovna Karpovich (, ; born on March 1, 1986 in Berdyansk, Ukrainian SSR, USSR) is a Ukraine-born Russian movie, television and theatre actress, comedian, model. Most famous for role of Maria Vasnetsova in sitcom "", where she has been playing since July 13, 2007.

Saina Nehwal

Saina Nehwal (born March 17, 1990) is an Indian female athlete. She is best known as a badminton player who competed in the Summer Olympic Games.

Saina won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

SAINA NEHWAL was awarded the Arjuna Award in 2009 and a year later, the Government of India honoured her with the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian honour in India.

In 2009, Nehwal was honoured with India’s highest award for sporting excellence - the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award.

In 2016, the Government of India awarded Saina Nehwal the Padma Bhushan. It is the 3rd highest civilian honour in the country.

She became the first Indian badminton player to win a BWF Series event and continued to impress on her way to winning the gold medal at the Commonwealth Games in 2010.

In 2015, Saina Nehwal won the singles event at the India Open BWF Super Series and became the number 1 women’s player in the Badminton World Federation rankings.


Laurentophryne parkeri

Laurentophryne parkeri, also called Parker's tree toad, is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is the only species in the genus Laurentophryne. They live in the Kivu region in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.

It is threatened by habitat loss.


Leptophryne

Leptophryne is a small genus of true toads. There are only two species. They are found in southeast Asia, in Peninsular Thailand through the Malay Peninsula.


Melanophryniscus

Melanophryniscus (South American Redbelly Toads) is a genus of toads. There are 25 amphibian species located in Argentina, south of Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay.


Mertensophryne

Mertensophryne or "Snouted Frogs" is a genus of true toads. They live in eastern and southern Democratic Republic of Congo to Kenya, Tanzania, Malawi, southeastern Zimbabwe and Mozambique. 



Sapito Rugoso Del Marahuaka

The Sapito Rugoso Del Marahuaka (Metaphryniscus sosae) is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is the only species in the genus "Metaphryniscus". It lives in Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.


Nectophryne

Nectophryne, or African tree toads, is a genus of true toads. There are only two species. They live in western Africa - Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, northeastern Congo, Bioko and Equatorial Guinea. 


Filling Station (ballet)

Filling Station is a one-act ballet. The libretto (story) is based on a newspaper report. Virgil Thomson wrote the music. Lew Christensen choreographed (designed) the dances. Christensen performed the role of Mac, the filling station attendant. Paul Cadmus designed the sets and costumes. The ballet was first performed in Hartford, Connecticut by Ballet Caravan in November 1937. A performance was given at the Martin Beck Theater in New York City on May 18, 1939, with Christensen again in the role of the attendant.

Mac is a young, good-looking filling station attendant. His evening solitude is broken by two young and greasy but good-natured truck drivers. The State Trooper (policeman) enters in pursuit. He lectures the boys on their disregard for the speed limit. A brash motorist, his wife, and bratty child interrupt. The Rich Boy and The Rich Girl enter. They are drunken refugees from a country club dance. They rhumba and the others join them. Suddenly, a gangster enters shooting his gun. Mac, the truck drivers, and The State Trooper thwart his attempt to stage a robbery. The Rich Girl however is caught in the gangster's line of fire and dies on the pavement. Her limp body is carried off. The spectators drift away. Mac settles down with his radio and a newspaper to wait for business.

Dance historian Grace Robert praises the ballet in her book "The Borzoi Book of Ballets". She singles out the characterizations in particular, noting that they are "definite and well-rounded" and that all of them are seen in terms that are "balletic". She points to the pursuit of the gangster as an especially effective moment. On a darkened stage, several figures with flashlights perform "grand jetée" (leaps). The beams of light and flying figures create an effect "dramatic out of all proportion to the simplicity of the means employed." The ballet was popular in South America when it was performed there in 1941 by an American company assembled by Lincoln Kirstein. Writing in 1949, Robert noted that only the score survived at that date but a suite arranged from it was heard occasionally in concert or on the radio.

Billy the Kid (ballet)

Billy the Kid is a one-act ballet. The libretto (story) is attributed to Lincoln Kirstein and is based on the life of Billy the Kid. The music was written by Aaron Copland. Eugene Loring designed the dances. Jared French designed the scenery and costumes. The ballet was first performed in Chicago in October 1938. It was performed in New York City at the Martin Beck Theater on May 24, 1939 with Loring as Billy and Marie-Jeanne in the dual role of Mother and Mexican Sweetheart. During Christmas week 1939, the ballet was presented at the St. James Theater in New York City with Michael Kidd as Billy and Alicia Alonso as Mother and Mexican Sweetheart.

The ballet opens with pioneers heading west led by Pat Garrett in "March". In "Street Scene", cowboys, Indians, dance hall girls, and other western types throng the street of a town. Billy and his Mother enter as a brawl breaks out. Alias (as cowboy) kills Billy's Mother with a wild shot. Billy stabs Alias and runs away. 

In "Billy's Soliloquy", Billy shoots Alias (as land agent) during a card game. In "Card Game on the Desert" and "Gun Battle", Garrett accuse Billy of cheating at cards and goes off. The posse approaches led by Alias (as sheriff). Billy's gang is killed, but Billy kills Alias. The posse takes him to jail. At the end of "Macabre Dance", the Mexican Sweetheart enters looking for Billy. In "Jail Scene" Billy escapes by killing Alias (as jailer). 

In "Desert", Alias (as Indian Guide) leads Billy to the Mexican Sweetheart's hide-out. Billy has no thought for anyone but himself and the Sweetheart leaves. The Indian Guide returns with Garrett, and, when Billy lights a cigarette in the darkness, Garret kills him ("Billy's Death"). Mexican women mourn Billy's death in "Pietà". The ballet ends with Garret leading pioneers in "Closing March".

Calico

Calico may mean:





Ballet d'action

Ballet d'action is an 18th-century ballet movement. It was started by French choreographer Jean Georges Noverre in 1760. The movement focused on character and emotional expression through dancers' bodies and faces, instead of elaborate costumes and props. Noverre started the movement because he was unhappy with the attention focused on technical expertise. He expressed his views in his book "Lettres sur la danse et les ballets". He stated there that the purpose of ballet is "to represent characters and express their feelings" through movement rather than costume.

Nectophrynoides

Nectophrynoides is a genus of true toads. They live in Eastern Arc forests and wetlands in Tanzania. All but "N. tornieri" are threatened. Species of the genus are ovoviviparous: fertilization is internal, and the females give birth to fully developed, small toadlets. Together with the West Africa "Nimbaphrynoides", they are the only frogs/toads in the world that do not lay eggs.


Nimbaphrynoides

Nimbaphrynoides is a genus of true toads. They live in the highlands in the Mount Nimba region of the West African countries of Guinea, Liberia and Côte d'Ivoire. They are Critically Endangered due to habitat loss, and iron and bauxite mining in their small ranges.

The two species are viviparous. This means they have internal fertilisation. The female gives birth to fully developed, tiny toadlets. "Nectophrynoides" and "Nimbaphrynoides" are the only frogs/toads that do not lay eggs.


Oreophrynella

Oreophrynella (bush toads) is a genus of true toads. They live in southern Venezuela, Guyana and far northern Brazil.


Black-knobbed map turtle

The black-knobbed map turtle ("Graptemys nigrinoda") is a species of aquatic turtles. Their skin is light gray and have spikes on their shell. They are part of the "Graptemys" genus and were once called the black-knobbed sawback turtle. They live in rivers in the Mobile Bay in Alabama and Mississippi.


Amazonas (Venezuela)

Amazonas is one of the 23 states into which Venezuela is divided. Amazonas State covers a total surface area of 176,899 km² and, in 2007, had a population of 142,200.

The state capital is Puerto Ayacucho. Amazonas has Venezuela's highest proportion of indigenous peoples of Venezuela.

In this state comes the main river of Venezuela, the Orinoco, in the mount delgado Chalbaud. Other rivers in the state are: Ventuari river, Yatití, Parú, Asita, Manapiare, Marieta, Guapachí, Ocamo, Putaco, Padamo, Cuntinamo, Botamo, Matacuní, Ugueto, Mavaca, Manaviche, Cunucunuma, Guanane, Yagua, Guaviare, Sipapo, Cataniapo Atabapo, Uesete, Siapa, Ararí, Manipitare, Casiquiare, Pamoni, Pasiba, Pasimoni, Negro and Guainía.

The State of Amazonas has many natural sites of great interest.


The rich fauna of the region is represented by numerous specimens of mammals, reptiles, fish and birds.


Osornophryne

Osornophryne (Plump Toads) is a genus of true toads. They live in Colombia and Ecuador.


Pedostibes

Pedostibes (Asian Tree Toads) is a genus of true toads. They live in South India, Malay Peninsula to Borneo and Sumatra. They have horizontal pupils and webbed fingers and toes.


Pelophryne

Pelophryne (Flathead Toads) is a genus of true toads. They live in the Philippines, Borneo, Malaya, Singapore and Hainan Island, China.


Pseudobufo subasper

Pseudobufo subasper is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is the only species in the genus Pseudobufo. They are found in Indonesia and Malaysia. They live in subtropical or tropical swamps. They are threatened by habitat loss.

This toad can only be found in peat swamps. They have fully webbed back feet.



Rhinella

Rhinella (Beaked Toads or Rio Viejo Toads) is a subgenus of Bufo. Some people call it its own genus. It has 71 species of true toads. They live in Central and South America. 

Note: Species below are shown as species of "Rhinella". They are treated as species of "Bufo" by many authors.

African red toad

The African red toad or African split-skin toad ("Schismaderma carens") is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is the only species in the genus Schismaderma.

It is found in Angola, Botswana, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Zambia, Zimbabwe, and possibly Lesotho.
It lives in many habitats. These are dry savanna, moist savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marches, arable land, pastureland, urban areas, water storage areas, ponds, canals and ditches, and man-made karsts.


Truebella

Truebella is a genus of true toads. They live in Peru at the Ayacucho and Junín regions.



Werneria

Werneria (smalltongue toads) is a genus of true toads. They live in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea.



Wolterstorffina

Wolterstorffina (Wolterstorff Toads) is a genus of true toads. They live in Nigeria and Cameroon.


Common toad

The common toad or European toad ("Bufo bufo") is an amphibian. They are found in most of Europe, except for Ireland, Iceland and some Mediterranean islands. The toad usually lies hidden during the day. It becomes active at dusk and spends the night hunting for the invertebrates on which it feeds. It moves with a slow ungainly walk or a short jump. It has a greyish brown skin covered with wart-like lumps.

The toads in this genus are known as true toads. They have no teeth, a dry warty skin and horizontal pupils to the eyes.

The common toad can grow to about in length. Females grow larger than males. Those in the south tend to be larger than ones in the north. The head is broad with a wide mouth. The nose has two small nostrils. There are no teeth. The large, protruding eyes have yellow or copper coloured irises and horizontal slit-shaped pupils. They have a noxious substance called bufotoxin. It is used to keep away predators. The head joins the body without a noticeable neck. There is no external vocal sac. The body is broad and squat. The front limbs are short with the toes of the front feet turning inwards. At breeding time, the male gets nuptial pads on the first three fingers. These are to hold the female. The back legs are short and the back feet have long, unwebbed toes. There is no tail. The skin is dry and covered with small warts. The colour is brown, olive-brown or greyish-brown. Sometimes it is partly blotched or banded with a darker shade. The common toad tends to be sexually dimorphic. The females are browner and the males greyer.

Common toads can live for many years. They have lived for fifty years in captivity. In the wild, common toads are thought to live for about ten to twelve years. Their age can be found by counting the number of yearly growth rings in the bones of their phalanges.

The common toad usually moves by walking rather slowly or in short jumps using all four legs. It spends the day hiding. It comes out at dusk. It may travel some distance in the dark while hunting. It is most active in wet weather. By morning it has returned to its base. It may live in the same place for several months. It has a large appetite and eats woodlice, slugs, beetles, caterpillars, flies, worms and even small mice. Small, fast moving prey may be caught by a flick of the tongue. Larger items are grabbed with the jaws. Having no teeth, it swallows food whole in a series of gulps. It will try to eat any small, dark coloured, moving object it encounters at night. A research study showed that it would snap at a moving piece of black paper as if it were prey. It would ignore a larger moving piece. On occasion, the common toad sheds its skin which comes away in tattered pieces. The skin is then eaten.
When attacked, the common toad puffs up its body and stands with its back end raised and its head lowered. Its main means of defence is a foul tasting secretion. It has a bufotoxin called bufagin and is enough to keep away many predators. Grass snakes seem to be unaffected by it. Other predators of adult toads include hedgehogs, rats and mink, and even domestic cats. Birds that feed on toads include herons, crows and birds of prey. The tadpoles also have noxious substances which keep fishes from eating them but not the great crested newt. Aquatic invertebrates that feed on toad tadpoles include dragonfly larvae, diving beetles and water boatmen. These usually avoid the noxious secretion by puncturing the tadpole's skin and sucking out its juices.

A parasitic fly, "Lucilia bufonivora", attacks adult common toads. It lays its eggs on the toad's skin. When these hatch, the larvae crawl into the toad's nostrils and eat its flesh.

The common toad comes out of hibernation in spring. Large numbers of toads move towards the breeding ponds. The toads meet on certain ponds that they favour. Adults use the same pond year after year. Over 80% of males marked as juveniles have been found to return to the pond at which they were spawned.

The males arrive first and stay for several weeks. The females only stay long enough to mate and spawn. Rather than fighting for the right to mate with a female, male toads use the pitch of their voice. Croaking gives a sign of body size and prowess. Fights do sometimes happen. Male toads outnumber female toads at breeding ponds.

The males mount on the females' backs. They hold the females with their front limbs in a grip called amplexus. The males are very enthusiastic. They will try to grasp fish or inanimate objects and often mount on the backs of other males. Sometimes several toads form a heap, each male trying to grasp the female at the base. It is a stressful period and deaths are high among breeding toads. A successful male stays in amplexus for several days. The female lays a long, double string of small black eggs. He fertilises them with his sperm. The egg strings may have 3,000 to 6,000 eggs and be in length. They get tangled in plant stalks.

The strings of eggs absorb water and swell in size. Small tadpoles hatch out after two to three weeks. At first they hold onto the remains of the strings and feed on the jelly. They later attach themselves to the underside of the leaves of water weed before becoming free swimming. The tadpoles look like those of the common frog ("Rana temporaria"). They are a darker colour, being blackish above and dark grey below. They can be told apart from the tadpoles of other species by the fact that the mouth is the same width as the space between the eyes, and this is twice as large as the distance between the nostrils. Over a few weeks their legs develop and their tail slowly gets reabsorbed. By twelve weeks of age, they are small toads measuring about long and ready to leave the pond.

The common toad reaches maturity at three to seven years.

The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species says the common toad is of Least Concern. This is because it lives in many areas and is common in those areas. It is not threatened very much by habitat loss. It can live in many different areas. Chytridiomycosis, an infectious disease of amphibians, has been reported in common toads in Spain and the United Kingdom. This may affect some populations.

The toad has long been thought to be an animal of ill omen or a connection to the other world. This may be because it is at home both on land and in the water. It may cause people to not like it because of its blackish, warty skin, its slow movements and the way it comes from some dark hole.

One of the earliest references to toads as being linked to the forces of darkness was when Zoroaster said in 600 BC that all toads should be killed. In Europe in the Middle Ages, the toad was associated with the Devil, whose coat-of-arms has three toads on it. It was thought that the toad could poison people. It was also thought that it was the witch's familiar and thus had magical powers. In France it was thought that witches could be found because they were marked by a toad's foot somewhere on their body. In Dorset it was believed that if one found a toad in the house it should be removed without harming it or the householder would face the wrath of the witch whose familiar it was. In some areas, the finding of a toad in a house was seen as evidence that a witch was present. The saliva of the toad was thought to be poisonous. It was believed that it could spit or vomit poisonous fire. It was thought unlucky for a toad to jump over one's foot and in some regions, this was a sign of death. Toads were associated with devils and demons and in "Paradise Lost". John Milton showed Satan as a toad when he poured poison into Eve's ear. The First Witch in Shakespeare's Macbeth gave instructions on using a toad in the making of spells:

The toad is also associated with female fecundity. Models of toads were left at shrines by women who wanted to conceive. In Romania it was believed that someone who killed a toad was able to kill their own mother. In Scottish folklore it was said that the tongue of a toad, carried by a man in his breast pocket, would let him have his way with any woman. It was also believed that there was a jewel inside a toad's head called a "toadstone". It was said that when worn as a necklace or ring would warn the wearer of attempts to poison them. Shakespeare mentioned this in "As you like it":

Touching a toad has long been thought to cause warts. This has been shown to be a myth and warts are actually caused by the human papillomavirus. They are transferred by direct contact from person to person.

Mr. Toad Esq. is one of the main characters in the children's novel, The Wind in the Willows, by Kenneth Grahame. This has been dramatized by several authors including A. A. Milne who called his play Toad of Toad Hall. Mr Toad is a very conceited,anthropomorphic toad.


Pelobatidae

The European spadefoot toads are a family of frogs, the Pelobatidae. There is only one living genus, called "Pelobates". It has four species. They live in Europe, the Mediterranean, northwestern Africa and western Asia.

The European spadefoot toads are small to large sized frogs. They grow up to in length. They burrow in sandy soils. They have a hardened growth on their feet to help in digging. They will come out from the ground during times of rain and breed in pools, which are usually temporary.

All of the species from this family have free-living, aquatic tadpoles. The eggs are laid in temporary ponds that may quickly evaporate. The tadpole stage is very short. They grow to adult form in as little as two weeks. To further speed their growth, some of the tadpoles are cannibalistic, eating their brood-mates to increase their supply of protein.

Family Pelobatidae


Archaeobatrachia

Archaeobatrachia is a suborder of Anura. It has various primitive frogs and toads. As the name literally suggests, these are the most primitive frogs. Many of the species (28 in total) show certain body features which are not in other frogs and toads. They are mostly found in Eurasia, New Zealand, the Philippines and Borneo. 

In addition, the family Ascaphidae is found in the Pacific Northwest of the United States. They are only represented by two species. 


Mesobatrachia

Mesobatrachia is the second largest of the Anura suborders of amphibians. It has 6 families, 20 genera and 168 species. The name suggests they are moderately old.

Mesobatrachia are a newer group. They were identified in 1993.


Tony Scott

Anthony David "Tony" Scott (21 June 1944 – 19 August 2012) was a British movie director. He was the younger brother of movie director Ridley Scott.

Scott was born in North Shields, the son of Elizabeth and Colonel Francis Percy Scott. Scott was educated at the Royal College of Art and at the University of Sunderland.

His movies include "The Hunger", "Top Gun", "Beverly Hills Cop II", "The Last Boy Scout", "True Romance", "Crimson Tide", "Enemy of the State", "Spy Game", "Man on Fire", "Déjà Vu", "The Taking of Pelham 123" and "Unstoppable". In 2010, the Scott brothers produced "The A-Team" of the television series. Scott's film, "Unstoppable", again starring Washington (with Chris Pine), the movie was released in November 2010.

Scott was married to Gerry Scott from 1967 until they divorced 1974. Second he married 1986 until they divorced in 1987. Lastly he married Donna W. Scott from 1994 until his death in 2012. He had 2 children.

On 19 August 2012, Scott had committed suicide by jumping off the Vincent Thomas Bridge in the San Pedro, Los Angeles, port district of Los Angeles, California. A memorial service was held and celebrities also attended; Tom Cruise, Val Kilmer, Eddie Murphy, Denzel Washington, Gene Hackman, Elijah Wood, Dane Cook, Dwayne Johnson, Stephen Fry, Peter Fonda, and Keira Knightley where some that attended the memorial service.


James Gandolfini

James Joseph Gandolfini Jr. (September 18, 1961 – June 19, 2013) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Tony Soprano in the HBO television series, "The Sopranos". He won three Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award for his performance in the role.

Gandolfini was born on September 18, 1961 in Westwood, New Jersey. He was of Italian ancestry. He was raised in New Jersey. Gandolfini studied at Paramus Catholic High School.

He grew up in Park Ridge, New Jersey. Gandolfini graduated from Park Ridge High School in 1979. He played basketball and acted in school plays. He won the title "Class Flirt" in his senior yearbook. Gandolfini earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in communication studies from Rutgers University. While at Rutgers University, Gandolfini worked as a bouncer at local school pub. He also worked as a bartender and club manager not including his acting career. He first got his acting job as a young man living in New York City.

Gandolfini became famous for his role as Tony Soprano, a New Jersey Mafia boss and family man who was the lead character in the HBO drama "The Sopranos". The series started in 1999 and ran until 2007. He won three Emmy Awards for "Best Actor in a Drama" for his role as Soprano. "Entertainment Weekly" listed him as the 42nd Greatest TV Icon of All Time.

Gandolfini earned fame for this role, winning both the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series three times. With a career span of 20 years, Gandolfini's other roles include Virgil in "True Romance", Bobby Dougherty in "Crimson Tide", Bear in "Get Shorty", and Carol in "Where the Wild Things Are". In 2012, Gandolfini appeared in two major movies, "Killing Them Softly" and in "Zero Dark Thirty". He starred in the main role in the 2013 movie "Enough Said". It was released three months after his death. Gandolfini's last movie was the 2014 movie "The Drop".

Gandolfini was married to Marcy Wudarski from 1999 until they divorced in 2002. He was then married to Deborah Lin from 2008 until his death in 2013. With Wudarski he had a son named Michael (born 1999). He had one daughter with Lin, named Liliana Ruth (born 2012).

A fan of motorcycles, Gandolfini owned a Harley-Davidson and a Vespa scooter. On May 4, 2006, he was riding the Vespa in New York City traffic when it was hit by a taxi cab. Gandolfini had knee surgery because of the accident. The incident caused the production for "The Sopranos" to stop shooting for three months. The accident happened when Gandolfini was filming of the final "Sopranos" episodes.

On October 31, 2009, Gandolfini was in New York City when a photographer wanted to take a picture of him. Gandolfini lost his temper and punched the photographer. A year before the incident, Gandolfini punched a paparazzi at the John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City.

On June 19, 2013, Gandolfini died suddenly while vacationing in Rome. Ambulance staff arrived around 10:40pm and tried to save Gandolfini's life. It was said that Gandolfini was still alive at the hotel but died on the way to the hospital. Early reports thought the cause of death was either a heart attack or stroke. Later on June 20, 2013, hospital official said that Gandolfini died from cardiac arrest. It wasn't until on June 21 an autopsy was performed on Gandolfini. It was confirmed that he had died of a heart attack. "The Sopranos" creator David Chase called Gandolfini "a genius" and "his partner and brother". New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said he was "a New Jersey treasure".

Gandolfini's body was returned to the United States on June 23. Broadway dimmed theater marquee lights on the night of Wednesday, June 26 in Gandolfini's honor. His funeral was held at Saint John the Divine cathedral in Manhattan, New York on June 27. His remains were later cremated and given to his family.

Word of his death spread quickly with many of Gandolfini's friends. Former co-stars, many fans throughout the entertainment business along with politicians such as John McCain and Chris Christie taking to the internet to respond to his sudden death. Christie ordered all State buildings to fly flags at half-staff on June 24, to honor Gandolfini.

The day following his death, Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band, which features Gandolfini's "Sopranos" co-star Steven Van Zandt on guitar, gave a full album performance of their 1975 classic "Born to Run". His performance was dedicated it to Gandolfini.

At the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards, Edie Falco honored the career and life of Gandolfini.


Sleep hygiene

Sleep hygiene is a set of of practices and changes in behavior that make it easier to get restful sleep. The concept of sleep hygiene was developed in the late 1970s as a method to help people with mild to moderate insomnia. 

Sleep hygiene recommendations include setting up a sleep schedule, using naps with care, not exercising physically or mentally too close to bedtime, reducing stress, reducing nighttime activity, and limiting bed use if not sleeping, to name a few. Other recommendations include avoiding alcohol, nicotine, caffeine, and other stimulants in the hours before bedtime, and having a peaceful, comfortable and dark sleep environment.

Doctors study the sleep hygiene of people who present with insomnia and other conditions, such as depression, and offer recommendations based on the assessment.

Parupalli Kashyap

Parupalli Kashyap () (born 8 September 1986), also known as Kashyap Parupalli, is an Indian athlete. He is best known as a badminton player who competed in the Summer Olympic Games.

Parupalli trained at Hyderabad.

In the 2012 Summer Olympics at London, Parupalli reached quarter-finals in the badminton tournament.


Sushil Kumar

Sushil Kumar is an Indian sportsman. He is best known as a wrestler who competed in two Summer Olympic Games.

In the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing, Kumar won a bronze medal in wrestling.

He won a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics at London. 


Gagan Narang

Gagan Narang (born 6 May 1983) is an Indian sportsman. His is best known as an shooter (marksman) who competed in three Summer Olympic Games.

He was born in Chennai on 6 May 1983 and his ancestors belonged to Samalkha in Panipat district in Haryana.
Gagan was born in Madras in Tamil Nadu. He was raised in Hyderabad.

Gagan Narang is a gold medalist in the Afro Asian games, 2003 in Hyderabad on October 26, 2003 in Men's 10m air rifle competition.
He also won gold medals in the Commonwealth Games in 2006 and 2010.

Gagan Narang won the bronze medal in the 10m air rifle event at the 2012 London Olympics


Zara Tindall

Zara Anne Elizabeth Tindall (née Phillips; born 15 May 1981) is a British equestrian and the second-eldest grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.

Tindall is the second child, and only daughter, of Anne, Princess Royal and her first husband, Mark Phillips. She is married to Mike Tindall, who used to be a rugby player for England. She is better known by her maiden (old name before marriage) name. In the line of succession, she is called "Mrs Michael Tindall".

She was given an Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) honour in the 2007 New Year's Honours List, by her grandmother for her services to equestrianism. In 2012, she carried an Olympic flame at a racecourse in Cheltenham.

She won a silver medal at London 2012.

Tindall was born at St Mary's Hospital in London. She is the eldest granddaughter of Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. When she was born, she was sixth in line to the throne. She is now 18th in line.

She has an older brother, Peter Phillips (born 15 November 1977). She has two half-sisters, Felicity Tonkin (born in 1985 after her father had an affair) and Stephanie Phillips, born 2 October 1997, from her father's second marriage.

The children of the Princess Royal do not hold a title. It is thought their mother did not want them to have one.

On 21 December 2010, Buckingham Palace said she was engaged to Mike Tindall MBE. She got a diamond and platinum engagement ring from Tindall. They married in 2011. Her first daughter and child, Mia Grace Tindall, was born on 17 January 2014 at Gloucestershire Royal Hospital in Gloucestershire. Her second daughter and child, Lena Elizabeth Tindall was born on 18 June 2018 in Stroud Maternity Hospital at Stroud. A son, Lucas Philip Tindall, was born March 24, 2021 at Gatcombe Park in Gloucestershire. 

Jean-Georges Noverre

Jean-Georges Noverre (29 April 1727 – 19 October 1810) was a French dancer and ballet master (choreographer). He is considered the creator of the ballet d'action. He performed or held posts across Europe. His first great success was the ballet "Les Fêtes Chinoises". Other ballets include "Jason et Médée", "La Toilette de Venus", "Les Jalousies du sérail", "La dour corsaire" and "Le Jaloux sans rival". He expressed his views on dance in the book "Lettres sur la danse et les ballets" in 1756 (published in 1760). The French Revolution reduced Noverre to poverty. He died in 1810.

Ballet blanc

A ballet blanc (literally, "white ballet") is a ballet in the style of the 19th century romantic ballet. The ballerinas and the female members of the "corps de ballet" wear bell-shaped, calf-length, white ballet tutus. The second acts of "La Sylphide" and "Giselle" are representatives of the "ballet blanc". Fokine's "Les Sylphides" is a 20th-century homage to the "ballet blanc".

Jean-Claude Juncker

Jean-Claude Juncker (born 9 December 1954) is a politician from Luxembourg. Juncker studied Law. He was one of the people who designed the Maastricht Treaty. Junker was Prime Minister of Luxembourg from 1995 to 2013. In 2014, he was elected President of the European Commission.

Outsider art

Outsider art is art that is non-commercial and that lives outside the usual art galleries.

Usually it is created by people who have little or no artistic training in art schools. Some may have a mental illness like schizophrenia. People who do outsider art are called outsider artists. They create their art from their own inner experience, not caring or knowing what other artists maybe doing. The term outsider art was first used by art critic Roger Casement in 1972. These artists often create buildings with strange architecture they build alone. Some of them also do more conventional arts like painting, sculpture.

William Windom (actor)

William Windom (September 28, 1923 – August 16, 2012) was an American movie, radio, stage, voice, and mostly television actor who's career has lasted for 56 years. Windom is mostly known for his roles in popular television series such as; Matt Decker in "Star Trek", as Dr. Seth Hazlitt in "Murder, She Wrote", Glen Morley in "The Twilight Zone", and is also known for his voice as Puppetino in "Pinocchio and the Emperor of the Night". 

Windom was born on September 28, 1923 in New York City, New York to Isobel Wells (née Peckham) and Paul Windom. 

Windom was married to Carol Keyser from 1947 until they divorced in 1955. Secondly he married Barbara Joyce from 1958 until they divorced in 1963. Thirdly he married Barbara Goetz from 1963 until they divorced in 1968. Fourthly he married Jacqulyn Hopkins from 1969 until they divorced in 1974. Lastly he married Patricia Tunder from 1975 until his death in 2012.

Windom died on August 16, 2012 from congestive heart failure in his home in Woodacre, California, he was 88 years old.


 

Asano Nagasato

Nagasato was born in Atsugi on January 24, 1989. She joined Nippon TV Beleza from the youth team in 2007. In 2012 season, she was selected Best Eleven. In 2013, she moved to German Bundesliga club Turbine Potsdam. In 2016, she retired.

In November 2008, Nagasato was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2008 U-20 World Cup. She scored two goals including a winner against Germany. On July 29, 2009, Nagasato debuted for the Japan national team against Germany. She was a member of Japan for 2015 World Cup. She played 11 games and scored 1 goals for Japan until 2015.


Kōra taisha

"Kōra taisha" was founded in the fifth century. It is mentioned in the "Engishiki".

It was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Chikugo Province and it is one of four in Fukuoka Prefecture.

In 1915, the shrine was recognized in the system of State Shinto. It was one of six most highly ranked, nationally significant shrines or .


GamePro

Gamepro was an American video game magazine. It focuses on anything to do with video games (such as the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii), PCs and even mobile devices (such as the PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS, iPhone). Gamepro Media had owned and published the monthly magazine issue and the official website Gamepro.com. The company was also a partly-owned subsidiary of International Data Group (IDG), a technology media, events and research company.

The very first issue of Gamepro was originally published in April 1989. It was a monthly magazine and had its last headquarters based in Oakland, California from June 2002 through May 2015. The official website of the magazine launched in 1998. It was updated daily and had included several game articles, news, previews, reviews, game screenshots and gaming videos on various video games, video game console system platform hardware and video game software development upon in the entertainment gaming industry. The official website also included various user forums, game reviews and other interesting game blogs as well. The official website's headquarters was then and formerly based in San Francisco from May 1998 through May 2002.

Gamepro is currently now-defunct as a magazine and a website.

Gamepro would only then now become part of the PC World website, covering on the latest and most recently developed video games in the entertainment video gaming industry, and to which is now currently being run by the new PC World staff.


List of music magazines

This is a list of magazines that focuses on music. Topics included in these magazines are about the music industry and news related to musicians, musical instruments, upcoming or newly released albums and songs.


























List of men's magazines

This is a list of magazines that are of interest to men. Topics included in these magazines are men's health, fashion and style, new technology and gadgets, sports, and magazines that features women on their cover such as pornographic magazines for men. There are also LGBT-related magazines for gay men.


Second derivative

In physics and mathematics (particularly in differential calculus), the second derivative is the derivative of the derivative of a function, say formula_1. The second derivative has many real-life applications, especially in the study of mathematical optimization and acceleration. Second derivatives can be notated in several ways, some of which are

Other notations are used, but the above two are the most commonly used.

If we have a function formula_5, then the second derivative of the function can be found using the power rule for second derivatives. That is,


Horatio Alger

Horatio Alger, Jr. (January 13, 1832 – July 18, 1899) was an American writer. He wrote magazine stories and poems, a few novels for adults, and 100 plus boys' books. His boys' books were hugely popular.

Alger was born in Massachusetts, and attended Harvard College. He became a Unitarian minister, but his career as a clergyman was brief. It ended when his congregation charged him with child molestation. Criminal charges were not placed against him, but his career in the church was finished.

He moved to New York City to become a professional writer. In 1868, Alger found his place in the literary world with his fourth boys' book, "Ragged Dick". This book is about a poor shoe shine boy in New York City who rises to middle class comfort and security through hard work, honesty, and a little luck. The book was a great success.

Alger continued to write boys' books. They were similar to "Ragged Dick" in theme and other details. Characters such as the poor but honest boy, the snobbish youth, and the greedy lawyer appeared in one book after another. Details changed from book to book, but the essentials remained the same. Boys loved the books.

By the 1870s, boys' tastes had changed. They wanted cowboys, hunters, and Indians. Alger headed west to gather material for future books. The trip had little impact on his writing however. He wrote four books set in the west called the "Pacific Series", but they were stuck in Alger's rags-to-riches rut.

In the last decades of the 19th century, boys' tastes changed again. They wanted violence, murder, and other sensational themes. Alger gave them what they wanted. Public librarians did not like these books. They wondered whether children should be reading them. They began throwing Alger's books away.

Alger passed his last years quietly. He went to the theatre, visited old friends, and kept in touch with the boys he had helped over the years. He based new books on those of his past. He died at his sister's home in South Natick, Massachusetts, in 1899.

Horatio Alger, Jr. was born in Chelsea, Massachusetts on January 13, 1832. His parents were Horatio Alger, a Unitarian clergyman, and his wife Olive Augusta Fenno Alger. Horatio was the eldest of the couple's five children. He was a descendant of several Plymouth Pilgrims, a brigadier general of the American Revolution, and a member of the Constitutional Convention.

Horatio was a sickly child. He had asthma and myopia. He was timid and shy. He was bullied by the bigger boys in the neighborhood. His father decided Horatio would become a clergyman. He taught the boy Greek and Latin. He took Horatio along with him on parish house calls to give the boy a sense of a minister's duties.

In 1842, Horatio entered the Chelsea Grammar School. He was a good student. His father had money troubles about this time. He took a better paying job in Marlborough, Massachusetts, a farming community about 25 miles west of Boston. The Alger family moved there in December 1844.

In Marlborough, Horatio went to a prep school called Gates Academy. He began writing poems and short stories. He sent his writings to local newspapers. The family's money troubles made a lasting impression on Horatio. Money ills like foreclosure and bankruptcy became themes in his books. He had fond memories of Marlborough, despite the family's woes. Quiet country villages are settings in many of his boys' books.

Alger entered Harvard College in 1848. He became a professional writer the following year when he sold two essays and a poem to a Boston magazine. He was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, a fraternity for outstanding scholars. He graduated in 1852, ranking eighth in a class of eighty-eight. He went to Harvard Divinity School in 1853. He quit the same year to take a job as an assistant editor with a Boston magazine. He hated editing, and quit in 1854.

He taught briefly in two New England boys' boarding schools. In 1856 he published "Bertha's Christmas Vision", a book of short stories and poems. He returned to the Harvard Divinity School in 1857, and graduated in 1860. His health was poor. He was rejected for military service during the American Civil War, but wrote for the Union cause instead. His first boys' book "Frank's Campaign" was published in 1864.

On December 8, 1864, Alger became pastor of the First Unitarian Church and Society in Brewster, Massachusetts. The people of Brewster liked him. He was a good speaker. He played ball games with the boys, and took walks with them. He kept writing stories, and sent them to a boys' magazine in Boston called "Student and Schoolmate". He wrote another boys' book, "Paul Prescott's Charge". It was published in September 1865. The critics gave it good reviews.

Early in 1866, the people of Brewster accused Alger of sexually molesting two boys. These boys were 13 and 15 years old. Three men of the church discovered that this was true. Alger said that he had been "unwise", and quit his job with the Brewster church. He left town quickly, and went to his parents' home in South Natick, Massachusetts.

His father got in touch with Unitarian church authorities in Boston. He promised them that his son would never take a job in the church again. These authorities were satisfied. Further action was not taken. This was probably done so Alger's father would not be publicly embarrassed. Some members of the Brewster church wanted Alger put to death as the Bible ordered. Alger never mentioned his days in Brewster again.

In April 1866, Alger moved to New York City to become a professional writer. In the summer of 1866, he wrote "John Maynard". This is a poem about a real shipwreck on Lake Erie. It brought Alger the notice of other writers when it was published in "Student and Schoolmate" in January 1868. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, for example, sent a letter of compliments to Alger. Children loved the poem and read it aloud in classrooms for many years.

Alger loved the attention, but he needed money. He rewrote some of his old stories. One became his third boys' book "Charlie Codman's Cruise". Although readers liked the book, it did not make much money. Alger made more money with the boys' stories he published in "Student and Schoolmate". His writings for boys satisfied his two biggest concerns at this time—the need for a good income and the need to atone for his crimes in Brewster.

Alger met many poor boys on the docks and streets of New York City. These boys had been made homeless by the Civil War. They had drifted to the city looking for work. Alger collected material from them about their lives in the city and the lives of the poor. He put this material into his books.

Some of these real boys became characters in his books. Johnny Nolan, for example, was one of the first boys Alger met in New York City. He appears in several of Alger's early books as a lazy, carefree street boy. Alger often had a crowd of street boys in his apartment. They would play while Alger sat calmly at his desk writing a page or two for his latest book. There is no record of sexual misconduct on Alger's part during this period.

In 1866, Alger began visiting the shelters for homeless boys in the city such as the YMCA, the Five Points Mission, and the Newsboys Lodging House. This last shelter was opened in 1854 by people concerned about the welfare of street children.

At this shelter, a homeless boy could have a hot meal and a clean bed for a few pennies. He could come and go as he pleased. There was even something like a savings bank at the shelter.

Alger had his own room, a desk, and a bed at the Newsboys Lodging House. He wandered about in slippers and an old sweater talking to the boys. In this way, he gathered the material he needed for his stories. In the introductions to his books, Alger asked his readers to give generously to such shelters.
In October 1866, Reverend Henry Morgan published "Ned Nevins, the Newsboy; or, Street Life in Boston". It was a great success. Alger sharpened his pencils and began a similar story. He wanted readers to believe his story was a realistic picture of street life, but it was actually a sentimental story that carefully avoided any mention of the sex and violence that threatened street boys every day.

In January 1867, Alger's "Ragged Dick" began serialization (publication in parts) in "Student and Schoolmate". The story is about a poor shoe shine boy's rise to middle class comfort and security. The book was a huge success. Boys' loved it. It had all sorts of exciting adventures in a big city. It had lots of street slang. It exposed the swindles and crimes practiced by big city crooks. The story surprised and delighted boys in small town America. They had never read of such things.

The parts of the story were gathered together and published as a book in 1868. It became Alger's all-time bestseller. It is the first in the 6-volume Ragged Dick Series. This series follows the further adventures of Ragged Dick and his friends. Alger wrote almost entirely for boys after the success of "Ragged Dick". He had found his place in literary America.

In 1875, Alger's stories about street boys were growing stale. Boys' tastes had changed. They wanted exciting stories about hunters, cowboys, and Indians. Alger went West to look for material.

He arrived in California in February 1877. He travelled the length of the West Coast, then returned to New York late in the year. In 1878, Alger went West again.

These two trips had little impact on his stories. He wrote a few dull books with western settings in the following years, but remained stuck in his "poor boy makes good" formula.

In the early 1870s, librarians, teachers, ministers, and others interested in the well being of the young said the stories by Alger and other boys' writers were not suitable for children. These people thought such books were too violent.

Critics said his popularity among boys was due to his "sensational" style. In 1877, one minister wondered why the public library allowed children to read books that could only demoralize and weaken them. He complained about "the endless reams of such drivel poured forth by Horatio Alger, Jr." In 1879, a public library in Vermont was the first library in America to throw away Alger's books. Other public libraries then did the same.

Alger's publisher A. K. Loring of Boston, Massachusetts was a victim of this censorship effort. The company had relied on Alger's stories to make them money, but Loring went bankrupt in 1881. These efforts to get rid of Alger's books were defeated. People started reading them again after his death.
In 1881, Alger wrote President James A. Garfield's biography, "From Canal Boy to President". He thought this was serious literary work. He hoped the book would make him famous. He paid no attention to the facts however. Instead, he filled the book with exciting details to thrill boy readers. The book was a success. It sold 20,000 copies. The publisher wanted to bring out an entire series about the great men of America.

Alger was hired to write Abraham Lincoln's biography. Once again, he paid no attention to the facts. He wrote thrilling details for boy readers. The book did not sell well. He went on to write a biography of Daniel Webster. Then he stopped writing biographies. He said such books were time-consuming and required too much work. The publisher dropped the idea of a series.

Alger led a quiet life in the years before his death. He dined out, went to the theater, and visited old friends. He kept in touch with the boys he had taken an interest in over the years. He read parts of "Ragged Dick" to boys' groups.

He was a Republican, and took an interest in politics. He forgot his past life in Brewster, and wrote of his days as a clergyman: "I studied theology chiefly as a branch of literary culture and without any intention of devoting myself to it as a profession."

The quality of his writing deteriorated in his last years. He reworked his old books. Times had changed. Boys wanted more excitement and violence in books. Alger gave them what they wanted.

Critics complained of the sameness in his characters, themes, and other details. Alger defended his work. He said that his readers did not object to the "family resemblances", so why should the critics?

In the last years of the 1890s, Alger's books did not sell well. His income dwindled. In 1896, he had (what he called) a nervous breakdown. He moved to his sister's house in South Natick, Massachusetts. He died there on July 18, 1899 after an asthma attack. He was almost forgotten by the public in his last years. His death received little attention in the newspapers.

Alger once estimated that he made no more than $100,000 during his New York years (1866–1896). He was paid about US$250 for each of his stories published in parts in magazines. He received a small amount of money when each story was published in book form. He was not rich at the end of his life, but he was not poor either. He left only small amounts of money to family and friends. He also left them his copyrights, his manuscripts, and his personal library.

People became interested in Alger's books in the twenty years after his death. This was the Progressive Era. It was a time when people wanted honest business practices, equal opportunity, and a return to old-fashioned values. About seventeen to twenty million Alger books were printed and sold during this time.

People lost interest in Alger's books in the early 1920s. His leading publisher stopped printing the books.
Alger was competing at that time with "The Rover Boys", "Tom Swift", and other popular books for boys. Surveys in 1932 and 1947 indicated that very few children had read or even heard of Alger. In 1932 (one hundred years after Alger's birth), "The Literary Digest" declared him "forgotten".

Just before his death, Alger claimed to have sold 800,000 books during his years as a writer. After his death, his books sold at one million "per year". More Alger books were sold per year after his death than were sold during the writer's lifetime. Edward Stratemeyer, the head of a company that published a great amount of boys' fiction, adopted Alger's heroic moral stance to his own books for boys. Other writers adjusted Alger's morality and ethics to suit more money-focused times. These revisions remained strong until the beginning of the Great Depression in 1929.

The quality of his literary allusions however makes his writing distinctive. These allusions set his work apart from the books cranked out in the "fiction factories" of the day. Great authors alluded to in Alger's boys' book include Shakespeare, Milton, Longfellow, Cicero, Horace, Alexander Pope, Joseph Addison, and dozens of others. The Bible is referenced in more than half of his works. These allusions reveal Alger's knowledge of literature and "enhance the literary quality of his work".

The most prevalent theme in Alger's novels is the "rise to respectability". Business success was important to the young Alger hero, but even more important was becoming a respected citizen. This does not mean a rise to wealth and riches. Many of Alger's books end with their young heroes getting modest clerical jobs in large firms. These jobs offer chances to rise further. Alger's heroes deserve their good fortune because they are virtuous young men. Alger was mainly a moral instructor for the young. He was content to guide boys on the path of piety and moral virtue rather than business success. Other themes in his works include Strength through Adversity, Beauty versus Money, the Country versus the City, the Old World versus the New World, and the Search for an Identity.

Alger's books are filled with stereotypical characters and dramatic highpoints (setpieces) played over and over again in book after book. One such setpiece is the struggle between the virtuous young hero and a snobbish youth. These setpieces always end with the snobbish youth getting his just deserts. This particular setpiece likely has its source in the childhood bullying Alger suffered from neighborhood boys in Chelsea.

Other setpieces include the cold, unfeeling lawyer threatening the young hero and his widowed mother with foreclosure (another setpiece taken from Alger's childhood), and the brutal poorhouse staff making the young hero's life miserable while he dwells under their roof. Alger's young readers never tired of these stock characters and setpieces.

In the 1970s Alger's work was regarded by readers and scholars as almost unreadable. He received a new lease on literary life when his homosexuality became known. Edwin Hoyt speculated in "Horatio' Boys" (1974) that Alger might become of interest to communities outside the literary one, and may even attain a status to rival that of Oscar Wilde.

Alger's success stories provided material for satirists. One of the earliest satires is William Dean Howells' "The Minister's Charge; or, The Apprenticeship of Lemuel Barker" (1887). This novel satirizes in a serious, realistic way Alger's "country boy makes good" theme. Stephen Crane satirizes the Alger success story with a ridiculous version of one in "A Self-Made Man: An Example of Success That Anyone Can Follow" (1899).

In the 20th century, F. Scott Fitzgerald satirized Alger in his play "The Vegetable: or From President to Postman" (1922), the Dan Cody episode in "The Great Gatsby" (1925), and the short story "Forging Ahead" (1929). Nathaniel West parodied Alger in "A Cool Million" (1934). John Seelye did the same in "Dirty Tricks; or, Nick Noxin's Natural Nobility" (1973). Glendon Swarthout followed the sexual misadventures of an Alger anti-hero in "Luck and Pluck" (1973). William Gaddis took the Alger success story to absurd lengths in "JR".

The Horatio Alger Association is a "nonprofit educational organization, [that] was established in 1947 to dispel the mounting belief among the nation's youth that the American Dream was no longer attainable." The Association awards scholarships to young people who pursue their own idea of the American Dream.

An annual street fair (once the Horatio Alger Street Fair) was held annually in October in Marlborough, Massachusetts. The Fair became the Heritage Festival in 2006, and Alger's name dropped from the event. It originally used Alger's name because he lived in a house in the town as a teenager, but accusations of child sexual abuse forced fair organizers to part company with Alger.



Berlin, New Hampshire

Berlin is a city next to the Androscoggin River in Coos County, New Hampshire. It was first settled in 1823-1824 by William Sessions and Cyrus Wheeler. It was Incorporated as a city in 1897. In 2020, 9,425 people lived in Berlin.

Cryptobranchoidea

Cryptobranchoidea is a suborder of salamanders. They are found in eastern North America, China, Taiwan, and Japan. They are known as primitive salamanders. This is in contrast to Salamandroidea, or advanced salamander.

This suborder has only two families. Other families went extinct in the past and are only known as fossils.

Salamandroidea

Salamandroidea is a suborder of salamanders, the advanced salamanders. The members of the suborder are found worldwide except for Antarctica, Southern Sahara, and Oceania. 

All members use internal fertilization. The female is fertilized by a spermatophore, a sperm-containing cap put by the male in her cloaca. The sperm is stored in on the roof of the cloaca until it is needed at the time of egg laying.

The earliest known salamandroid fossils are from the Tiaojishan Formation. They are dated to the late Jurassic period about 157 million years ago.

Wendy Schaal

Wendy Schaal (born July 2, 1954) is an American actress. She starred in Seth MacFarlane's animated series "American Dad!" She was born in Chicago, Illinois. She is currently married. Her father was actor Richard Schaal. Valerie Harper is her former step-mother.


Scott Grimes

Scott Christopher Richard Grimes (born July 9, 1971) is an American actor and songwriter. He played Archie Morris in "ER", Will McCorkle in "Party of Five", Donald Malarkey in "Band of Brothers", and Steve Smith in "American Dad!". Grimes was born in Lowell, Massachusetts. He married Dawn Bailey-Grimes for ten years.


Rachael MacFarlane

Rachael Ann MacFarlane (born March 21, 1976) is an American voice actress best known for her voice roles in "" as supreme leader Numbuh 362, "Nutri Ventures", "The Powerpuff Girls" voicing various characters and Blossom in outside of media series, and the FOX television animated series "Family Guy" and "American Dad!", both created by her brother Seth MacFarlane. She was born in Kent, Connecticut. She has been married to Spencer Laudiero since 2008. They have two daughters.

Caeciliidae

Caeciliidae is the family of common caecilians. They are found in Central and South America, equatorial Africa and India. Like other caecilians, they look like worms or snakes. 

Although they are the most diverse of the caecilian families, the caeciliids do have a number of features in common that make them different from other caecilians. In particular, their skulls have few bones. The ones tey have are fused to form a solid ram. This helps in digging through the soil. The mouth is beneath the nose area. There is no tail.

Many caeciliids lay their eggs in moist soil. The eggs then hatch into aquatic larvae. However, some species do not have a larval stage. The eggs hatch into juveniles with the same form as the adults. In some they lack eggs and give birth to live young.



Pat Weaver

Sylvester Laflin "Pat" Weaver, Jr. (December 21, 1908 – March 15, 2002) was an American radio advertising executive, who became president of NBC between 1953 and 1955. He has been well-known for his commercial broadcasting's format and philosophy as radio gave way to television as America's dominant home entertainment. He was married to Elizabeth Inglis from 1942 until his death in 2002, they had two children; a son Trajan Victor Charles and a daughter Sigourney Weaver.

Weaver was born in Los Angeles, California on December 21, 1908. He was the son of actor/director Sylvester Laflin Weaver, Sr. (1874-1964) and actress Eleanor Isabel Dixon (1879-1966), Sylvester Jr.'s grandfather was Peter Laflin Weaver (1841-1912), a businessman, his great-grandfather was Henry Laflin Weaver (1808-1894), also a businessman, his great-great-grandfather was Charles Laflin Weaver (1708-1816), a manufacturer, Sylvester, Jr. died on March 15, 2002 in his home in Santa Barbara, California from natural causes, he was 93 years old.


Elizabeth Inglis

Elizabeth Inglis (born Desiree Mary Lucy Hawkins, 10 July 1913 – 25 August 2007), also known as Elizabeth Earl, was an English movie actress, best known for her role in "The Letter", along with actress Bette Davis. She is also known for her role in Alfred Hitchcock's "The 39 Steps", she was the last known survivor of the movie before her death in 2007. 

Inglis was born in Colchester, England on July 10, 1913. She was married to Sylvester Weaver from 1942 until his death in 2002, they had two children, Trajan Victor Charles Weaver and Sigourney Weaver. Inglis died on August 25, 2007 in Santa Barbara, California from natural causes, she was 94 years old.

Ichthyophiidae

Ichthyophiidae is the family of Asiatic tailed caecilians or fish caecilians. They are found in south-east Asia.

They are primitive caecilians. They do not have some of the features found in the other families. For example, the mouth is not back underneath the head, they have tails, and have many scales on their body. They have two sets of muscles for closing the jaw. This is a feature unique to caecilians, but absent in the related family Rhinatrematidae.

They lay their eggs in small holes in moist soil. The eggs hatch into larvae. They live in streams or underground seepages. They the change into adults. There is some evidence that the female may protect the eggs until they hatch.

Family Ichthyophiidae


Rhinatrematidae

Rhinatrematidae is the family of neotropical tailed caecilians or beaked caecilians. They are found in the equatorial countries of South America.

They are usually said to be the most primitive of the caecilian families. They have many features other groups do not. For example, they still have a tail, and the mouth is not to the back on the underside of the head. They lay their eggs in small holes in the soil. The larvae have external gills. They live in seepages until they change into adults. The adults live in moist soil and leaf litter.

There are nine species in two genera.

Family Rhinatrematidae


Emily Jacir

Emily Jacir (, born 1970 in Bethlehem) is a Palestinian artist. She uses movies, photography, video and performance art. Her work was first shown in 1994. Since then, it has been shown in exhibitions around the Americas, Europe and the Middle East. It is held in museums in Italy, Palestine, England, San Francisco, and several museums in New York.

Jacir won the Golden Lion for artists under 40 () at the Venice Biennale in October 2007. She also won the Prince Claus Award in 2007. In 2008, the won the annual Hugo Boss Prize.


Jeff Fischer

Jeff Fischer (born 1968) is an American voice actor. He is known for his work in commercials, cartoons, and video games. In 2005 he was chosen to announce the Teen Choice Awards. He is mostly known for his role as Jeff Fischer in "American Dad!".


Meles Zenawi

Meles Zenawi Asres (8 May 1955 – 20 August 2012) was the Prime Minister of Ethiopia since 1995 till his death on 20 August 2012. He was President of Ethiopia from 1991 to 1995. Since 1985, he was the chairman of the Tigrayan Peoples' Liberation Front, and the head of the ruling Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front.

Meles was born in Adwa, Tigray in Northern Ethiopia, to an Ethiopian father from Adwa, Ethiopia, and a mother from Adi Quala, Eritrea. Meles Zenawi was married to Azeb Mesfin and was the father of three children. Meles died on August 20, 2012 in a hospital in Brussels, Belgium after having a brain tumor removed. Zenawi's health was in question for weeks until his death. Meles was admitted to hospital in July 2012. He was 57 years old.


Just for Laughs: Gags

Just for Laughs: Gags is a Canadian quiet comedy show. In 2000 the Gags began airing on French and Canadian television Télé Québec. In the next years, the show was picked up by TVA, CBC and The Comedy Television in Canada.

This series' format is the hidden camera filming the jokes. Music plays in the background, but there is no sound or speech other than some sound effects and laughter. It is mostly filmed in downtown Montreal and rural Quebec although some parts have been filmed in Mexico. British and Asian versions have also been produced in the UK and Singapore respectively.

With its quiet format and no translation required, "Just for Laughs Gags" has been purchased for use in over 100 countries throughout the world as well as in airports and airlines.

Neon Trees

Neon Trees is an American alternative rock band from Provo, Utah. Neon Trees has four members in the band; the current band members are Tyler Glenn, Chris Allen, Branden Campbell and Elaine Bradley.

The band was formed in 2005 by band members and neighbours at the time; Tyler Glenn and Chris Allen. The bands name originates from the lighted trees on the In-N-Out Burger signs.

They released an EP titled ""Start a Fire"" in 2009 and it was limited to one pressing of 600 units and was only available for sale at shows in their late 2009. They released their debut album ""Habits"" on March 16, 2010, under Mercury and Def Jam Recordings. They are currently signed to Mercury Records and Def Jam Recordings. They released their second studio album ""Picture Show"" on April 17, 2012. They released their third album, "Pop Psychology", on April 22, 2014. 

So far as of 2014, Neon Trees have released three albums and one EP:


Becoming Different People 2006


Victor Ponta

Victor Ponta (b. 20 September 1972, Bucharest) is a Romanian politician. He was president of the Social Democratic Party (PSD) from February 2010 until July 2015 when he resigned. On 7 May 2012, he became Prime Minister of Romania. He resigned on 5 November 2015.

He studied law in Bucharest, finishing in 1995. He was PSD's candidate for the Romanian presidential elections in 2014, but since then has left the Social Democratic Party and created his own party which he called the Pro Romania Party.

Victor Ponta's official site

Steering

Steering is the collection of mechanical parts which allow a vessel (ship, boat) or vehicle (truck, car, motorcycle or bicycle) to follow the desired course. Rail transport vehicles (trains and trams or streetcars) are steered by their rail tracks.

In vehicle steering, the person turning the steering wheel directly controls the rate of the turn. Response is immediate. Submarines and ships operate in water, and use control surfaces that work on the fluid. There is a delay between the steering controls and the time it takes for the system to respond.

Some land vehicles such as tanks, and some boats, can use differential steering, in which one side is pushed forward.

Game controller

A game controller is a device used to play video games.

A gamepad, also known as a joypad, is a common type of game controller. They are held in both hands with thumbs and fingers used to press buttons on the gamepad. Gamepads can have a number of action buttons with one or more control sticks. Gamepads is part of playing a video game console. A player must use a gamepad in order to play any video game. Gamepads were first used on early computers.

On a Nintendo gamepad, the action buttons are colored with letters (A, B, X, Y). There is a start and a select option on the gamepad. On the left of the gamepad, there are arrows which the player uses to move in the video game.

A paddle is a game controller with a round wheel and one or more "fire buttons". The wheel is used to control movement in a video game. The paddle was not liked by many gamers. This type of controller was used on the "Atari 2600" and "Indy 500". 

A joystick is an input device consisting of a stick that pivots on a base and reports its angle or direction to the device it is controlling. Joysticks are often used to control video games and usually have one or more push-buttons whose state can also be read by the computer. A popular variation of the joystick used on modern video game consoles is the analog stick.

The joystick has been the principal flight control in the cockpit of many aircraft, particularly military fast jets, where centre stick or side-stick location may be employed. Joysticks are also used for controlling machines such as cranes, trucks, underwater unmanned vehicles and zero turning radius lawn mowers. Miniature finger-operated joysticks have been adopted as input devices for smaller electronic equipment such as mobile phones.


Florin Georgescu

Florin Georgescu (born 25 November 1953, in Bucharest) is a Romanian politician. He was the Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Finances in Romania from 7 May 2012 to 21 December 2012.

Crin Antonescu

Crin Antonescu (b. 21 September 1959, Tulcea) is a Romanian liberal politician. Antonescu was the President of PNL but in 2014 quit the presidency and now is only a member of the party.

On 3 July 2012, he was elected President of the Romanian Senate. In 2014 he resigned and was replaced by Cătălin Popescu Tăriceanu

Mihai Răzvan Ungureanu

Mihai Răzvan Ungureanu (born 22 September 1968, Iași) is a Romanian politician, historian and diplomat. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2004 to 2007 and director of the Foreign Intelligence Service from 2007 to 2012. He was Prime Minister of Romania from 9 February 2012 until 9 May 2012.

He learned at Mathematics-Physics high school "Costache Negruzzi" from Iași.

Magnetostatic loudspeaker

A magnetostatic loudspeaker is a dipole speaker. It is quite similar than electrostatic loudspeaker but it doesn't use high voltages, it uses high currents.

The impedance of a magnetostatic speaker may be so low that an amplifier has to be ready to feed low impedance. Sound quality about current speaker type is respected.

The Pursuit of Happyness

The Pursuit of Happyness is a 2006 American biographical drama movie. The movie's story was about an entrepreneur, Chris Gardner, and his time while he was homeless. The movie's director was Gabriele Muccino. The movie starred Will Smith. He played Gardner in the movie. Smith's son, Jaden Smith also starred in the movie. He played Gardner's son, Christopher Jr.


The soundtrack of the movie was released on January 9, 2007.


Constitutional Court of Romania

The Constitutional Court of Romania (CCR) is independent of any other public authority. It has, according to the Romanian Constitution, the "guardian of constitutional rule". This means the court has the power to make decisions, if the meaning of official laws is questioned (or "challenged"). This could happen if the laws are written so that they might harm the rights and freedoms of the Romanian people. 



Augustin Zegrean

Augustin Zegrean (born 29 March 1954, in Sânmartin, Cluj) is a Romanian lawyer. Since 13 July 2007, he has been a judge at the Constitutional Court of Romania. On 17 July 2010 he was chosen as President of the Constitutional Court of Romania. He graduated from the University of law Babeș-Bolyai from Cluj în 1980.

Dwight F. Davis

Dwight Filley Davis (July 5, 1879 - November 28, 1945) was an American tennis player and politician. He was the founder of the international tennis competition "Davis Cup".

He served as United States Secretary of War from 1925 to 1929.

Davis died at his home in Washington, D.C. on November 28, 1945, after a six-month illness.

Sepp Blatter

Josef Blatter, mostly known as Sepp Blatter, (born 10 March 1936) is a Swiss association football administrator. He is best known as the 8th President of FIFA (Fédération Internationale de Football Association). He served as president from 1998 until his resignation in 2016. He replaced the popular João Havelange. His presidency ended when he was banned from FIFA on 21 December 2015. He officially left office after Gianni Infantino replaced him on 26 February 2016.

Blatter was born in Visp, Switzerland. He studied at the University of Lausanne. 

Blatter was elected President of FIFA on 8 June 1998 succeeding João Havelange. He was re-elected in 2002, 2007, 2011 and 2015. But on 2 June, just days after being re-elected, he announced that he would resigned after a new president would be elected due to corruption accusations. On 8 October 2015, Blatter and other top FIFA officials were suspended amid the investigation.

On 21 December 2015 it was announced that Blatter would be banned for a period of eight years amid the corruption case. He left office on 26 February 2016 after Gianni Infantino replaced him.

Blatter was married to Liliane Biner, but the marriage didn't last. Then he married Barbara Käser in 1981. The couple divorced in 1991. Then he married Graziella Bianca in 2002. The couple divorced in 2004. He was in a relationship with Ilona Boguska from 1995 through 2002. He is now in a relationship with Linda Barras as of 2014. Blatter has one daughter, Corinne.

Blatter lives in Zürich, Switzerland with Boguska and his daughter.



Kieren Perkins

Kieren John Perkins OAM (born 14 August 1973), is an Australian professional sportsman. He is best known as a swimmer.

Perkins won two Olympic gold medals in 1992 and 1996 in the 1500-metre freestyle, and a silver medal in 2000.

Tracy Austin

Tracy Austin (born 12 December 1962, in Palos Verdes, California) is a former American tennis player. She is youngest ever US Open female singles champion and the youngest person to become a member in the International Tennis Hall of Fame. 

Ally Sheedy

Alexandra Elizabeth "Ally" Sheedy (born June 13, 1962) is an American movie and television actress who was once tied to the Brat Pack in the 1980s. She was born and raised in New York City. Notable movies in which she starred include: "The Breakfast Club", "Short Circuit" and "WarGames". The actress was born in New York City. Her father is of Irish Catholic background; her mother is Jewish.

On April 12, 1992, Sheedy married actor David Lansbury, the nephew of actress Angela Lansbury and son of Edgar Lansbury, the original producer of Godspell. They have a son, Beckett, born 1994. In 2008, Sheedy announced that she and Lansbury had filed for divorce.

Royal Mail Ship

Royal Mail Ship (RMS) is the ship prefix used for seagoing vessels that carry mail under contract to the British Royal Mail.

In the early 19th century, the British Admiralty provided RMS service.

The designation "RMS" has been used since 1840.

In 1850 contracts were awarded to private companies. Having the title "RMS" was seen as a mark of quality and a competitive advantage, because the mail had to be on time.


Royal Medical Society

Royal Medical Society (RMS) is the oldest medical society in the United Kingdom.

The RMS is a British professional society engaged in the moving forward of medical knowledge.

It was called "the Medical Society" when it was established in 1737. The Society was granted a Royal Charter in 1778. 

RMS is based in Edinburgh, Scotland. The society has members throughout the world.




Royal Microscopical Society

Royal Microscopical Society (RMS) is a British and international scientific society. RMS promotes the scientific field which uses microscopes. 




List of Royal Societies

List of Royal Societies includes organizations with a royal charter and permission to use the term "Royal" in the official name. These include


Agnieszka

Agnieszka is the Polish equivalent of the forename "Agnes". The moniker Agnieszka has its roots in the Greek name Agnes, which translates to "pure" or "chaste." It gained popularity in Poland in the Middle Ages and has remained a common name for Polish girls ever since. In Polish, the name is pronounced as "ahg-NYESH-kah," and it is frequently abbreviated as "Aga", "Agniesia", "Agusia", "Agula" for convenience.(not: Neszka, Agnuszka, Agniszka)


Angie Harmon

Angela Michelle "Angie" Harmon (born August 10, 1972) is a fashion model and actress. She appeared on the covers of "ELLE" and "Esquire" magazines. Harmon also acted in television series including "Rizzoli & Isles", "Law & Order" and "Baywatch".

<br>

Novi Sad

Novi Sad (Serbian Cyrillic: Нови Сад, ) is the second largest city in Serbia. It is the capital of both Vojvodina and the South Bačka District.

Subotica

Subotica ( ) is a city in northern Serbia. It is in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. It is the northern most city in Serbia.

The Serbian language is the most employed language in daily life, but Hungarian is also used by almost one third of the population in their daily conversations. Both languages are also widely employed in commercial and official signage 

Contraband (2012 movie)

Contraband is an American action crime thriller movie. It was directed by Baltasar Kormákur. It stars Mark Wahlberg and Kate Beckinsale. The movie is a remake of the 2008 Icelandic movie "Reykjavík-Rotterdam" which starred Kormákur. "Contraband" was released on January 13, 2012 in the United States by Universal Pictures. Filming took place in New Orleans, Louisiana and Panama City. "Contraband" was released to DVD on April 24, 2012 with a rating of R.


Joyful Noise

Joyful Noise is a 2012 musical movie. The movie stars Queen Latifah, Dolly Parton, Keke Palmer, Courtney B. Vance, and Jeremy Jordan. The screenplay was written by Max Myers and Todd Graff, and directed by Todd Graff. The music was by Mervyn Warren who used gospel music in the movie. "Joyful Noise" was released in the United States on January 13, 2012.

Two women are forced to work with each other after a budget cut threatens to shut down a small town choir.


The movie gross to USD$11.2 million on its opening weekend. It became the number four movie that week. It grossed $30,932,113 to date.


We Need to Talk About Kevin

We Need to Talk About Kevin is a 2011 British-American crime movie. It was directed by Lynne Ramsay. It was based on Lionel Shriver's novel of the same name. The movie was developed in 2005 but due to money problems it was not filmed until April 2010.

Tilda Swinton stars as the mother of Kevin. Throughout the movie she tries to understand why her son is a sociopath and murderer. The movie premiered at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival and was released in the United Kingdom on October 21, 2011. "We Need to Talk About Kevin" was released on Blu-ray and DVD on May 29, 2012.


As of April 19, 2012, "We Need To Talk About Kevin" has grossed $1,656,241 in North America, along with $4,300,250 in other countries, for a worldwide total of $5,956,491.


Haywire

Haywire is a 2011 action thriller movie. It was directed by Steven Soderbergh. It stars Gina Carano, Antonio Banderas, Michael Douglas, Ewan McGregor, Channing Tatum, and Michael Fassbender.

"Haywire" was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on May 1, 2012.


"Haywire" was released on January 20, 2012. It grossed USD$18.9 million on its opening weekend. It grossed to $32.4 million in total.


Ice Age: Continental Drift

Ice Age: Continental Drift (also called Ice Age 4: Continental Drift or simply known as Ice Age 4) 
is 2012 American 3D computer animated adventure and comedy movie. It was directed by Steve Martino and Mike Thurmeier. It was written by Jason Fuchs and Michael Berg. It stars the voices of Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Queen Latifah, Seann William Scott, Josh Peck, Jennifer Lopez, Keke Palmer, Peter Dinklage, Wanda Sykes, Drake, and Nicki Minaj.

It is the fourth "Ice Age" series. It was produced by Blue Sky Studios. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is also the first sequel of "Ice Age" not to be directed by Carlos Saldanha. It was the second "Ice Age" movie that is in Digital 3D. It was released in the United States on July 13, 2012. This was the first "Ice Age" movie to be shot in the 2.39:1 aspect ratio.

The movie was welcomed well from audience: they praised its story, the cast's performance, the villain, its new characters, the humor, the emotional weight and the animation, but was criticized for the siren scenes and for having Scrat as the cause of the events of the movie. The movie became a box office hit. It is currently the 6th highest-grossing animated movie in history. It is the 3rd highest-grossing movie of 2012 with a worldwide gross of over USD$800 million. "Ice Age: Continental Drift" was released on DVD, Blu-ray and Blu-ray 3D on December 4, 2012.

News of another "Ice Age" sequel were announced on January 10, 2010. "The New York Times" reported that Blue Sky was working on a fourth movie. They were also developing plans on who would be voice acting in the movie. Fox later confirmed this on May 5, 2010. They released the title as "Ice Age: Continental Drift". They said that it will be released on July 13, 2012.


Non-speaking characters include:

Jeremy Renner was supposed to be the voice actor of Captain Gutt. He later dropped out because of scheduling conflicts with "The Bourne Legacy". Jennette McCurdy was originally set to voice Peaches, but dropped out because of her schedule on "iCarly".


"Ice Age: Continental Drift" is the soundtrack of the movie scored by John Powell and was released on July 10, 2012.

"Ice Age Village" is a mobile video game. It was developed by Gameloft, and was released on April 5, 2012 to iPhone, iPad, and various Android devices.

"Ice Age: Continental Drift – Arctic Games", a video game based on the movie, was published by Activision Publishing. It was developed by Behaviour Interactive and was released on July 10, 2012, on the Wii, Nintendo DS, Nintendo 3DS, and Kinect for the Xbox 360.

A sequel, titled "", was released on July 22, 2016.


Emilio Estevez

Emilio Estevez (born May 12, 1962) is an actor, director and producer. He was originally part of the Brat Pack in the 1980s. His most notable movies include "The Breakfast Club", "Repo Man" and "Men at Work". Estevez' father is actor Martin Sheen. His brother is actor Charlie Sheen.

The Fairly OddParents (season 1)

The first season of The Fairly OddParents is the first installment of the series. It first aired on March 30, 2001 with the first episode "The Big Problem / Power Mad!".

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

Morgan Paull

Morgan Paull (December 15, 1944 – July 17, 2012) was an American actor. He was mostly known for his role as Holden in the Ridley Scott movie "Blade Runner". 

Paull was born on December 15, 1922 in New York City, New York. Paull's career began in 1970 in the movie "Patton". His career would last until his retirement in 1996. 

Paull was married to Gaye Huston from 1965 until they divorced in 1976. He was married to Carmen Paull from 1976 until they divorced in 1996. He was married to April Paull from 1990 until they divorced. He was married to Jenny Elam from 2004 until his death in 2012.

Paull had 2 daughters.

Paull died on July 17, 2012 from Stomach cancer in his home in Ashland, Oregon, he was 67 years old.



Jill St. John

Jill St. John (born August 19, 1940) is an American actress. She is best known for her acting in the 1971 movie "Diamonds are Forever". She has acted in many movies. She has not acted since about 2002. She was born in Los Angeles.

Frank Cady

Randolph Cady (September 8, 1915 – June 8, 2012) was an American movie and television actor best known for his recurring and popular role as storekeeper Sam Drucker in three American television series during the 1960s — "Petticoat Junction", "Green Acres", and "The Beverly Hillbillies".

Cady was born on September 8, 1915 in Susanville, California. Cady was married to Shirley Cady from 1940 until her death in 2008. Cady had 2 children. Cady died on June 8, 2012 in his home in Wilsonville, Oregon from natural causes, aged 96.

Shiogama Jinja

The shrine was established in the ninth century. "Shiogama jinja" was one of two the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") for the Mutsu Province. When Miyagi Prefecture and Fukushima Prefecture were create in the Meiji period, the shrine continued to be the "ichinomiya" for the same area.


Ben Gazzara

Biagio Anthony Gazzarra (August 28, 1930 – February 3, 2012), known as Ben Gazzara, was an American movie, stage, and Emmy Award winning television actor and director. Gazzara has appeared in many movies such as; "Capone", "Saint Jack", "An Early Frost", "Road House", "Summer Sam", "13", and his final movie "Max Rose". 

Gazzara was born on August 28, 1930 in New York City, New York. He was educated at the Actors Studio and at The New School. Gazzara was married to Loiuse Erickson from 1951 until they divorced in 1957. Secondly he married Janice Rule from 1961 until they divorced in 1979. Gazzara lastly married Elke Krivat from 1982 until his death in 2012. Gazzara died on February 3, 2012 from Pancreatic cancer, he was 81 years old.


Timothy Hutton

Timothy Hutton (born August 16, 1960) is an American movie and television actor who starred in the 1980 movie "Ordinary People". He also acted in several other movies, including "French Kiss" and "All the Money in the World". He was born around California.

Luke Askew

Luke Askew (March 26, 1932 – March 29, 2012) was an American movie and television actor best known for his role in the 1969 film "Easy Rider". He had a rare lead role in the spaghetti Western "Night of the Serpent" ("La notte dei serpenti" – 1969). Askew began his career in the 1967 Otto Preminger movie "Hurry Sundown" and his career would last until his retirement in 2005. Askew was born in Macon, Georgia. Askew died on March 29, 2012 from lung cancer in his home in Portland, Oregon, he was 80 years old. Askew was never married. 



Lauren Hutton

Lauren Hutton (born November 17 1943, Charleston, South Carolina) is an American fashion model and actress who appeared on the cover of "Vogue" magazine more than 20 times. She acted in multiple movies in her career, such as "American Gigolo", a movie from 1980.

Otto Preminger

Otto Ludwig Preminger (5 December 1905 – 23 April 1986) was an Austrian-American movie director and producer, theatre director, and actor.

Preminger was born on December 5, 1905 in Vyzhnytsia, Wiznitz, Austria–Hungary (present Vyzhnytsia, Ukraine) to Jews Markus and Josefa Preminger.

After moving from the theatre to Hollywood, he directed over 35 feature movies in a 50 year career. He rose to fame for his stylish movie mysteries such as "Laura" (1944) and "Fallen Angel" (1945). In the 1950s and 1960s, he directed a number of high-profile adaptations of popular novels and stage works. Several of these pushed the boundaries of censorship by dealing with topics which were then taboo in Hollywood, such as drug addiction ("The Man with the Golden Arm", 1955), rape ("Anatomy of a Murder", 1959) and gay ("Advise & Consent", 1962). He was twice nominated for the Best Director Academy Award. He also had a few acting roles.

Preminger was married to Marion Mill from 1932 until they divorced in 1946. Secondly he married Mary Gardner from 1951 until they divorced in 1959. Lastly he married Hope Bryce from 1971 until his death in 1986.

Preminger died in New York City, New York on April 23, 1986, from lung cancer and Alzheimer's disease, he was 80 years old. He was cremated and is buried in the Azalea Room of the Velma B. Woolworth Memorial Chapel at Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx, New York.


Ian Abercrombie

Ian Abercrombie (11 September 1934 – 26 January 2012) was an English actor.

Abercrombie was known for playing Alfred Pennyworth in "Birds of Prey". He appeared as Elaine Benes's boss, Justin Pitt, during the sixth season of "Seinfeld", and Rupert Cananaugh, Ian Hainsworth's butler, in "Desperate Housewives". His career started in 1955 and would last until his death in 2012. 

Abercrombie was born in September 11, 1934 in Grays, Essex, England. Abercrombie was married to Elizabeth Romano from 1956 until they divorced. Lastly he married Gladys Abercrombie until his death in 2012. 

Abercrombie died on January 26, 2012, at 10:30am, in Hollywood, California from kidney failure. He was 77 years old.


Esther Rolle

Esther Rolle (November 8 1920 – November 17 1998) was an American actress. She was best known known for the series "Good Times". She died from diabetes.

Esther Williams

Esther Williams (August 8, 1921 – June 6, 2013) was an American former swimmer and actress. She starred in movies in her career. She later became a businesswoman.

She was born in Inglewood, California.

Williams died in her sleep on June 6, 2013 in her Los Angeles home.


Anthony Bate

Anthony Bate (31 August 1927 – 19 June 2012) was an English actor.
He is possibly best known for his role as Oliver Lacon in the BBC television adaptations of the John le Carré novels "Tinker, Tailor, Soldier", "Spy" and "Smiley's People".
Bate's other credits include: "Dixon of Dock Green", "The Saint", "The Avengers", "Prime Suspect", "A Touch of Frost and Midsomer Murders".

Bate was born in Stourbridge, Worcestershire, England on August 31, 1927 to Hubert George Cookson Bate and to Cecile Marjorie Canadine. Bate was educated at the King Edward VI School, Stourbridge and at the Central School of Speech and Drama. His career would begin in 1953 and would last until his retirement in 2005.

Bate lived in London, England. Bate was married to Diana Fay from 1954 until his death in 2012, together they had 2 children. Bate died in Newport, Isle of Wight from a short illness, he was 84 years old.

Christina Pickles

Christina Pickles (born 17 February 1935) is an English movie, stage, and television actress, best known for her long-running role of Nurse Helen Rosenthal in the hospital drama "St. Elsewhere", for which she was nominated for four Emmy Awards. Pickles is also known as for playing Ross and Monica Geller's mother (alongside Elliott Gould) in the hit comedy sitcom "Friends". She was born in Yorkshire, England. She is currently not married.


Michael York

Michael York OBE (born Michael Hugh Johnson; 27 March 1942) is an English actor. York has a career that has spanned for 47 years. York has appeared in many movies such as; "Justine", "The Guru", "Murder on Orient Express", "Logan's Run", "Fedora", "True Women", "Leonard 6", "Austin Powers Movie Series", and in "Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen". 

York was born in Fulmer, Buckinghamshire, England and is a naturalized American citizen. He studied at Bromley Grammar School for Boys and at the University College, Oxford. York has been married to Patricia McCallum since 1965. He has a stepson.

In 2013, York announced he is suffering from amyloidosis and this has affected his voice and face.


Emil Boc

Emil Boc (b. 6 September 1966, Răchițele, Cluj) is a Romanian politician. He was the president of the Democratic Liberal Party from 2005 to 2012. He was Prime Minister of Romania from 2008 - February 2012. Now he is Mayor of Cluj-Napoca.

He finished The University of History and Philosophy Cluj and Law School.

Fukui (city)

Fukui City (or Fukui-shi; 福井市,) is the capital city of Fukui Prefecture in Japan. It became a core city of Japan in 2019. As of July 2021, there are 260,254 people living there. The land area is 275,381,842 square kilometers (1 October 2018). 

From the Meiji period, the silk fabrics industry was a big business in Fukui City, but it has decreased after World WarⅡ. Today the main industries of Fukui-shi are for fabrics and chemicals. 

Because Fukui prefecture is famous for dinosaurs, there are monuments of dinosaurs in front of the JR Fukui station in the downtown of Fukui City. In addition, the building that is called "happiring" was built as part of city planning near the station. There are 186 cultural properties which include historical material, architectures, works of art, ethnic sites, scenic beauties, and cultural landscape.

Fukui City (Fukui-jo) was built by Shibata Katsuie as a castle town in 1575. It was destroyed by far because of the war with Toyotomi Hideyoshi. Yuki (Matsudaira) Hideyasu later rebuilt the castle. 

Fukui City was called Fukui-han from 1600 to 1871. In the late Edo period, before the Meiji Restoration (1868), the historical figures were active; The representative names are Matsudaira Shungaku, Hashimoto Sanai, Kusakabe Taro, and W.E.Griffis. They have contributed to Fukui City and Japan. 

From the 1890s, silk cloth business became the main business in Fukui City. On 19 July 1945, during World War Ⅱ, Fukui City was attacked by the United States, then the town was destroyed.The air raid lasted for about two hours, with a casualty rate of 93.2%, a burnout rate of 96%, and a death toll of 1,576. 

People in Fukui City have rebuilt the town. However, an earthquake (Fukui-jishin) destroyed the city on 8 July 1948. The earthquake had a magnitude of 7.1 and a seismic intensity of 6. The number of victims was 3,858 people, and the death toll was 3,579. With the support from the Japanese government and other prefectures, Fukui City was rebuilt within one year. 

In 2018, Fukui city was hit by heavy snow (Fukui-gosetsu). The city overcame this disaster by asking many groups such as self-defense forces for help. In the same year, Fukui city was chosen as a core city because of changes in the law. Thanks to it, Fukui city has been able to provide high quality service to citizens. 



Obama, Fukui

In the pre-modern period, Obama was the main port and capital of Wakasa Province.

In the Edo period, Obama was the capital of the Obama Domain.

In 1871, the Obama Domain become Obama prefecture after the abolition of domains and establishment of prefectures. Later, the merger was repeated and in 1951 the present city of Obama was established.


Obama has a humid subtropical climate with warm, wet summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall. The average annual temperature in Obama is 14.9 °C. The average annual rainfall is 2005 mm with September as the wettest month.The temperatures are highest on average in August, at around 27.4 °C, and lowest in January, at around 3.8 °C.

From Japanese census data,

Traditional Crafts


Wakasa Lacquer uses a "polishing" technique that involves coating on many layers of lacquer. Wakasa Lacquer made over several months’ time by coating the finest lacquer some ten-odd times, applying a pattern with shells, eggshells, and gold leafs, and polishing it with stones and charcoal.


Wakasa agate work is the root of precious stone work of Japan. Wakasa agate works carved through unique technique is the greatest of precious stone arts. Wakasa agate work is made by applying heat to the rough stone to make it red, and deciding the shape of carving taking into consideration the scratches on the natural stone and long-lasting polishing work.

Foods


Since Obama is facing the sea of Japan, it has a lot of fish. "Heshiko" is a traditional dish that uses a salted blue-skin fish, and it can be preserved for a long time.

Yopparaisaba uses mackerel that was raised on sake lees.
Omizuokuri is an event that is held on every March second by Jinguji-Temple. In this event, they put purified water in the depth of Unose.Ten days after this event, an event called Omizutori is held in Nigatsu-do Hall in Nara Prefecture, and the water comes from Jinguji-Temple is drew up on Nigatsu-do Hall.

Ike Turner

Ike Turner (November 5, 1931 – December 12, 2007) was an American singer, songwriter and recording artist. He recorded many hit records, most of which were done with his wife Tina Turner. He was born in Clarksdale, Mississippi, although he later moved to St. Louis, Missouri then to California.

He recorded “Rocket 88” a hit in 1951 for Jackie Brenston and His Delta Cats. Brenston was Turner's saxophonist and the Delta Cats were actually Turner's Kings of Rhythm back-up band. Some people think this was the first rock and roll record.

He died of an accidental cocaine overdose in San Diego.

Nicolae Văcăroiu

Nicolae Văcăroiu (born 5 December 1943 in Cetatea Albă, now Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi in Ukraine) is a Romanian politician. He is a member of the Social Democratic Party. He was the Prime Minister between 1992 and 1996. Before the 1989 Revolution he worked at the Committee for State Planning with Theodor Stolojan.

He was the President of the Senate of Romania for almost eight years.

On 14 October 2008 he was voted by the Parliament as President of the Court of Audit.

Galina Bob

Galina Dmitriyevna Bob (; born 4 November 1984) is a Russian movie, television and theatre actress. She is most famous for role of Maria "Bobylych" Bobylkina in the comedy television series "Deffchonki", which she has been playing since 2012.

Melissa &amp; Joey

Melissa & Joey is an ABC Family television series. It stars Melissa Joan Hart and Joey Lawrence. It first aired on ABC Family on August 17, 2010. The show follows local politician Mel Burke (Melissa Joan Hart) and Joe Longo (Joey Lawrence). Mel hires him to take care of her niece and nephew after a Ponzi scheme leaves him broke.

The show has been renewed by ABC Family for a second season of fifteen episodes. They began airing on May 30, 2012. The show is ranked number one on Cable TV's telecast at 8 o'clock for people ages 18–34, 18-49 and 12-34. On August 17, 2012, ABC Family renewed the show for a third season. It premiered in Spring 2013. The fourth series begins in October 2014.

On May 24, 2011, "Shout! Factory" released "Melissa & Joey: Season One, Part One" on DVD in Region 1. It includes special features and a sneak peek of the rest of season one episodes, bloopers and interviews with the cast. On October 4, 2011, "Shout! Factory" released "Melissa & Joey: Season One, Part Two" on DVD in Region 1. It included the rest of the episodes of the first season in a 2-disc set.

Mel Burke (Melissa Joan Hart) lives in Toledo, Ohio. She is a politician there. Her sister and brother-in-law ran a Ponzi scheme. The sister is in prison and the brother-in-law is on the run. This leaves her niece Lennox and her nephew Ryder without their parents to take care of them. Mel takes them into her home. However, Joe Longo (Joey Lawrence) used to work for Mel's brother-in-law and lost everything he had including his car, money, house and his wife who left him. He tries to find a job. Mel finds it hard to handle her own life including parenting her niece and nephew. She hires Joe to become the family's new male nanny, or "manny".

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


Mario Van Peebles

Mario Van Peebles (born January 15, 1957) is an American movie actor who was born in Mexico City. He directed and starred in numerous movies, including "New Jack City". He is son of filmmaker Melvin Van Peebles.

Joyce Brothers

Joyce Brothers (October 20, 1927 – May 13, 2013) was an American television personality and actress. She has been on many TV programs. These include "The Nanny", "Melrose Place" and "Frasier". She is also a newspaper columnist. Many date of birth related sources say 1927 is her birth year while others claim 1928 or 1929 was her birth year. Brothers died on May 13, 2013 in Fort Lee, New Jersey from respiratory failure, aged 85.

Herbert Lom

Herbert Lom (Herbert Karel Angelo Kuchačevič ze Schluderpacheru, September 11, 1917 – September 27, 2012) was a Czech-English movie, stage, and television actor who was based London, England in the United Kingdom since 1939 until his retirement in 2009.

In a career lasting more than 60 years he appeared in character roles, usually playing villains early in his career and professional men in later years. He is best known for his role as (former) Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus in the "Pink Panther" movie series. Lom retired in 2009.

Lom was born in Prague, Austria-Hungary (now Czech Republic) on September 11, 1917 to Karl ze Schluderpacheru and to Olga (née Gottlieb). He was raised in London, England. Lom was married three times. He was married to Dina Shea from 1948 until they divorced in 1971. Lom had three children. Lom was friends with actor Peter Sellers.

Lom died on September 27, 2012 in his sleep in his London, England home from natural causes, aged 95. Lom died just 16 days later from his 95th birthday.

The Satanic Bible

The Satanic Bible is a 1969 book by Anton LaVey. The Church of Satan considers it their main text. It is a collection of essays that detail the core principles of Satanism. It is not a book about worshiping Satan. Satan in The Satanic Bible is just a symbol of freedom from the restrictive rules of Christianity and other right-hand path religions. The Satanic Bible teaches that God and the Devil do not exist, and encourages people to worship themselves instead.

Don Grady

Don Louis Agrati (June 8, 1944 – June 27, 2012), better known as Don Grady, was an American television, and movie actor, composer, and musician. He was best known both as one of Mickey Mouse's original "Mouseketeers", and as Robbie Douglas on "My Three Sons". His sister was also an actress, billed as Lani O'Grady. Their father was Lou A. Agrati. Their mother was a talent agent, known as Mary Grady. 

Grady was born in San Diego, California on June 8, 1944. Grady was married two times; first to Julie Boonisar from 1976 until they divorced in 1979. Lastly he was married to Virginia Lewsader from 1985 until his death in 2012. Grady died on June 27, 2012 in his home in Thousand Oaks, California from cancer. He was 68 years old.


George Murdock

George Murdock (June 25, 1930 – April 30, 2012) was an American television and movie actor.

Among his most famous characters for movies and TV were Lt. Scanlon, the oily Internal Affairs officer in "Barney Miller", Dr. Salik in "Battlestar Galactica" TV series and his appearance in "Star Trek V: The Final Frontier", directed by William Shatner, who called him "a wonderful actor". Murdock career would begin in 1961 until his death in 2012.

Murdock was born on June 25, 1930 in Salina, Kansas. Murdock was never married and had no children. Murdock died on April 30, 2012 in a hospital in Burbank, California from complications from cancer, he was 81 years old.

Doris Singleton

Doris Singleton (Dorthea Singleton; September 28, 1919 – June 26, 2012) was an American movie and television actress. She was best known for her role as Carolyn Appleby in "I Love Lucy". Her career lasted for 31 years until her retirement in 1986. 

Singleton was born in New York City, New York on September 28, 1919. Singleton was married to Charles Issacs from 1941 until his death in 2002. They had no children. 

Singleton died on June 26, 2012 in her home in Los Angeles, California from natural causes. She was 92 years old.


Blake Edwards

Blake Edwards (July 26, 1922 – December 15, 2010) was an American director, producer, screenwriter and actor.

Born William Blake Crump in Tulsa, Oklahoma. His grandfather was J. Gordon Edwards, a director of silent movies, and his stepfather, Jack McEdwards, became a film production manager after moving his family to Los Angeles in 1925. He was raised in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Edwards' career began in the 1940s as an actor, but he soon turned to writing radio scripts at Columbia Pictures. He would later begin to write or direct movie such as; "Experiment in Terror", "The Great Race", and the hugely successful "The Pink Panther" movie series with the British comedian Peter Sellers. Often thought of as primarily a director of comedies, he also directed drama movies such as; "Breakfast at Tiffany's" and "Days of Wine and Roses". His greatest successes, however, were his comedies, and most of his movies were either musicals, dramas, comedies, or horror.

Edwards was married to Patricia Walker from 1953 unti they divorced in 1967. Lastly he married Julie Andrews from 1969 until his death in 2010. He had 3 daughters and 1 son. He lived in Los Angeles, California.

Edwards died on December 15, 2010 from pneumonia in a hospital in Santa Monica, California, he was 88 years old.

In 2004, he received an Honorary Academy Award.


Nanny McPhee

Nanny McPhee is a 2005 British fantasy movie. It was directed by Kirk Jones. The stars of Nanny McPhee are Emma Thompson and Colin Firth. Thompson also wrote the script for the movie. The script is based on Christianna Brand's Nurse Matilda books.

"Nanny McPhee" is about a nanny called who had magic, and used it to help naughty children be good. The family in this movie has seven children, and all of them are naughty. Nanny McPhee taught them 5 lessons. The first lesson was to ‘sleep when they should sleep’. The second was to ‘get up when they are told’, the third lesson was ‘to get dress when they are told’, the fourth lesson was ‘to listen’ and the fifth and final lesson was to ‘completely obey parents' commands’.
Cedric Brown (Colin Firth)'s wife died, leaving behind seven children. Cedric was very busy at work and he had to take care of his children when he went home. Therefore, Cedric had already found 16 nannies. However, none could cope with the children. 

A woman who looked extremely ugly appeared on his doorstep. The woman told Cedric that her name is Nanny

McPhee, and she would like to be the children's nanny. McPhee had magical powers. The children become nicer day by day, and Cedric's situation is improved a lot.



Jerry Van Dyke

Jerry McCord Van Dyke (July 27, 1931 – January 5, 2018) was an American actor and comedian. He performed in many television sitcoms and Big Lots commercials. His comedic acting goes back to the 1960s. He was the younger brother of Dick Van Dyke.

Van Dyke was born Jerry McCord Van Dyke on July 27, 1931 in Danville, Illinois. His parents were Loren (nicknamed "Cookie") and Hazel (née McCord) Van Dyke. He was of Dutch ancestry on his father's side and of English and Scottish ancestry on his mother's side. His mother is a "Mayflower" descendant.

On January 5, 2018, Van Dyke died of heart failure at his ranch in Malvern, Arkansas at the age of 86. He had been in declining health since being involved a car accident two years earlier. 

Alon Abutbul

Alon Moni Abutbul (born May 28, 1965) or Alon Aboutboul is an Israeli movie and television actor.

In 2005, he was voted the 158th-greatest Israeli of all time, in a poll by the Israeli news website "Ynet" to determine who the general public considered the 200 Greatest Israelis. Abutbul has appeared in more than 50 years and have a career of 33 years. Abutbul has recently appeared in Christopher Nolan's 2012 movie "The Dark Knight Rises". 

Abutbul was born in Kiryat, Israel on May 28, 1965. Abutbul lives in Los Angeles, California with his partner Shir Bilya. They have four children together.


Greg Kinnear

Gregory "Greg" Kinnear (born June 17, 1963) is an American actor. He starred in over twenty movies, and was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in "As Good as It Gets". Other movies including "Sabrina", "You've Got Mail", "Nurse Betty", "We Were Soldiers", "Little Miss Sunshine", "Invincible", and "Green Zone". His television roles include "Friends", and his Emmy Award nominated roles for "Soup", "The Kennedys" and "Modern Family".

Kristen Bell

Kristen Anne Bell (born July 18, 1980) is an American actress. She stared in "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", "Veronica Mars", "When in Rome", "Spartan", "Gossip Girl", "Polish Wedding", and in the 2012 comedy "Hit and Run". She was nominated for a Golden Globe and the Critic's Choice Award for "The Good Place".

She was born in Huntington Woods, Michigan. Her parents divorced when she was two, and she has two older stepsisters from her father's second marriage. She also has two younger half-sisters and two younger half-brothers from her mother's second marriage.

She began dating Dax Shepard in 2007. They became engaged in January 2010 and married on October 17, 2013. They have 3 children: Lincoln Bell Shepard (born March 28, 2013), Delta Bell Shepard (born December, 2014) and Simon Kenneth Shepard (born January 24, 2018).


Kazutaka Komori

Komori thought the publisher of the story showed disrespect for the Imperial House of Japan. 


Dax Shepard

Dax Randall Shepard (born January 2, 1975) is an American actor, writer and director. He is also known for his role as Tom Marshall in "Without a Paddle".

Shepard started dating actress Kristen Bell in 2007. Their daughter, Lincoln Bell Shepard, was born on March 28, 2013. Dax and Bell married on October 17, 2013. Their second daughter, Delta Bell Shepard, was born on December 19, 2014.

Bradley Cooper

Bradley Charles Cooper (born January 5, 1975) is an American actor, filmmaker, occasional singer and producer. He is best known for his roles in the movies, "The Hangover", "The A-Team", "Wedding Crashers" and "Limitless". He appeared in the 2012 movie "Hit and Run". In 2011, he sang Shallow (Lady Gaga Song) at the Oscars"People" magazine named Cooper "Sexiest Man Alive". According to Pinkvilla, Cooper is one of the most famous actors of all time.

Cooper was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He grew up in nearby Jenkintown, Pennsylvania. His parents were Gloria (née Campano) and Charles J. Cooper. Cooper was raised Catholic. 

While attending Germantown Academy, Cooper worked at the "Philadelphia Daily News". After graduating from Germantown Academy in 1993, Cooper attended Villanova University for his first year, then transferred to Georgetown University.

Cooper began his career after a small guest role in an episode of "Sex and the City" in 1999. He starred in his first movie "West Hot American Summer" (2001).

Cooper then landed the role as Will Trippin the drama series "Alias". After leaving Alias in 2003, Cooper guest-starred on the short-lived TV series "Miss Match", and later returned twice to Alias to reprise his role in guest appearances.

Afterwards, Cooper began starring in small television movies for ABC Family. He starred in "I Want to Marry Ryan Banks". He then appeared in a television series called "Jack & Bobby".

In March 2006, Cooper starred in "Three Days of Rain" on Broadway with Julia Roberts and Paul Rudd at the Bernard B. Jacobs Theater.

Cooper appeared in Season 5 of "Nip/Tuck" as Aidan Stone, a television star on the fictional show "Hearts 'N Scalpels". In 2008, Cooper had roles in "Yes Man" with Jim Carrey and in "The Rocker" with Rainn Wilson. On February 7, 2009, Cooper hosted "Saturday Night Live".

In 2009, Cooper starred in the movies "He's Just Not That Into You", "Case 39", "All About Steve", and ""The Hangover". In 2012, he starred with Robert De Niro and Jennifer Lawrence in David O. Russell's "Silver Linings Playbook". 

In 2013, Cooper reprised his role as Phil Wenneck in the third and final installment of The Hangover trilogy, "The Hangover Part III". That year, Cooper starred in "American Hustle", with Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Jeremy Renner and Jennifer Lawrence. His performance earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.

He starred in "Guardians of the Galaxy," providing the voice of Rocket Raccoon. Cooper stars in the 2018 remake of "A Star Is Born" alongside Lady Gaga. Cooper also directs the remake. In 2019, he produced the comic book thriller movie "Joker".

Cooper was married to Jennifer Esposito from December 2006 until they divorced in November 2007. He is Catholic.

Cooper began dating Russian model Irina Shayk in 2015. They welcomed their first daughter, Lea De Seine Shayk Cooper, on March 21, 2017. They ended their relationship in 2019.

Stephen J. Cannell

Stephen Joseph Cannell (February 5, 1941 – September 30, 2010) was an American television producer, writer, author, and occasional actor, and the founder of Stephen J. Cannell Productions. Cannell is known for creating the popular show "The A-Team". 

Cannell was born in Los Angeles, California. He was educated at the University of Oregon and at Sigma Chi. Cannell was married to Marcia Cannell from 1964 until his death in 2010, they had 4 children (one of whom died). Cannell died on September 30, 2010 from skin cancer in his Pasadena, California home, he was 69 years old.


August Ludwig von Schlözer

August Ludwig von Schlözer (5 July 1735 — 9 September 1809) was a German historian. He made many important contributions to the study of the Universal History, and particularly, the History of Russia.

In 1804, Schlözer was ennobled and elected privy councilor by the Russian Tsar Alexander I of Russia

His outlook about the universal history influenced historians as Nikolai Karamzin.


George Lopez

George Edward Lopez (born April 23, 1961) is an American comedian, actor, and talk show host. He is mostly known for starring in his self-produced ABC sitcom "George Lopez".

His stand-up comedy examines race and ethnic relations, including Mexican-American culture. He was the host of the late-night talk show "Lopez Tonight" on TBS until its cancellation on August 12, 2011.

Lopez was born in Mission Hills, Los Angeles, California. Lopez was married to Ann Serrano from 1993 until they divorced in 2011, and had one child.

Lopez stated comedians like Freddie Prinze, Chris Rock, Eddie Murphy, Richard Pryor, Bill Cosby, Katt Williams, Cheech & Chong and Paul Mooney as influences.

On December 21, 2010, Lopez announced on "Good Day L.A." that he would run for mayor of Los Angeles in the upcoming years.

In an interview with Piers Morgan, Lopez stated that if Sarah Palin ever becomes the President of the United States, he would emigrate to Canada. In December 2015, Lopez announced his support for Bernie Sanders for President of the United States in the 2016 presidential election.


Art Carney

Arthur William Matthew “Art” Carney (November 4, 1918 – November 9, 2003) was an American actor in movies, stage, television and radio. He is best known for playing Ed Norton, alongside with Jackie Gleason's Ralph Kramden in the situation comedy "The Honeymooners", and for winning the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in "Harry and Tonto".

Carney was born on November 4, 1918 in Mount Vernon, New York. Carney was married three times; first to Jean Myers from 1940 until they divorced in 1965. Second, he was married to Barbara Isaac from 1966 until they divorced in 1977. Last, he was remarried to Jean Myers from 1980 until his death in 2003. Carney had three children with Myers.

Carney died on November 9, 2003 in Chester, Connecticut from natural causes. He was 85 years old.


Jackie Gleason

Jackie Gleason (John Herbert Gleason; February 26, 1916 – June 24, 1987) was an American comedian, actor, and musician. 

He was known for his role as Ralph Kramden on "The Honeymooners". Among his most noted movies roles were as Minnesota Fats in the drama movie "The Hustler" (1961) starring Paul Newman, and as Buford T. Justice in "the Smokey and the Bandit movie series". Gleason's career would span for nearly 41 years until his retirement in 1986.

Gleason was born on February 26, 1916 in Brooklyn, New York City. 

Gleason was married three times; first to Genevieve Halford from 1936 until they divorced in 1970. Secondly he married Beverly McKittrick from 1970 until they divorced in 1975. Lastly he married 1975 until his death in 1987.

Gleason died on June 24, 1987 in his Lauderhill, Florida home from colon cancer, he was 71 years old.


David Morris

David Cedric Morris (11 September 1924 – 29 October 2007) was an English painter and actor. He is best known for his role as Grandpa George in Tim Burton's "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" (2005). His career as a professional actor started at the age of 79.

Morris was born in Folkestone, Kent. He was educated at the University of Oxford. Morris was married to Olwen Goowin from 1957 until his death in 2007. They had four children.

Morris died on Ocotber 29, 2007 from a heart attack in his home in Watford, Hertfordshire. He was 83 years old.

Mikhail Lomonosov

Mikhail Vasilyevich Lomonosov ( – ) was a Russian polymath, scientist and writer. Lomonosov made important contributions to literature, education, and science. Among his discoveries was the atmosphere of Venus.
As a scientist, he contributed to the fields of chemistry including principle of conservation of mass, physics, mineralogy, history, art, philology and optics, amongst others. Lomonosov was also a poet, and influenced the development of the modern Russian literary language.

4D movie

A 4D movie is a combination of a 3D movie with things like smell and touch (physical effects). These effects happen at the same time the movie is running. (Note: 4D movies are not geometrically 4-dimensional.) Because these physical effects can cost a lot of money, 4D movies are usually shown only at special places, like theme parks and amusement parks. However, in Thailand, Mexico, Hong Kong, Nepal, South Korea, India and the U.S., some movie theatres can also show 4D movies. The movie "Avatar" was one of 10 movies that have been changed to 4D. The first was "Journey to the Center of the Earth".
Some of the effects used in 4D movies include rain, wind, strobe lights, and vibration. Water sprays and air jets are also often used. A 4D movie is not shown in a motion simulator. However, during a 4D movie, some seats may vibrate or move a few inches during the movie.

Glow in the dark

Glow-in-the-dark could mean:

Yodohime Shrine

, also known as the Kawakami jinja, is a Japanese Shinto shrine in Saga, Saga Prefecture.

"Yodohime jinja" was founded in the sixth century. It enshrines the "kami" of the grandmother of Emperor Jimmu.

It was one of two chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Hizen Province and Saga Prefecture.


Ichinomiya

The "ichinomiya" are the shrines with the highest shrine rank in an area. Shrines of the lower rank are called "ninomiya" (二宮, second), "sannomiya" (三宮, third), "shinomiya" (四宮, fourth), and so forth.

When prefectures were established in the Meiji period, the old system of provincial "ichinomiya" was not changed. Each new prefecture had one or more ichinomiya.


Zapopan

Zapopan () is a city and municipality in Jalisco, Mexico. It is part of the Guadalajara Metropolitan Area.

Guayaquil

Guayaquil (), officially Santiago de Guayaquil (), is the largest city in Ecuador. It has about 3.5 million in the metropolitan area. It is also the nation's main port. The city is the capital of both the Guayas Province and the Guayaquil Canton.

Culiacán

Culiacán () is the capital of Sinaloa. With 675,773 people, it is the largest city in the state of Sinaloa. The municipality has a total area of .

Toluca Municipality

Toluca, is the state capital of both the State of Mexico and its surrounding municipality.

Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex

Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex (Crash Bandicoot: The Rise of the Demon Kings in Korean) is a video game. It was published by Universal Interactive Studios along with Konami. It was developed by Traveller's Tales for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Nintendo GameCube video game consoles. The PlayStation 2 version was released in North America on October 29, 2001, in Europe on November 23, 2001 and in Japan on December 20, 2001. 


Crash Twinsanity

Crash Twinsanity is a video game. It was published by Vivendi Universal Games. It was developed by Traveller's Tales for the PlayStation 2 and the Xbox. It was released in North America on October 1, 2004, in Europe on October 8, 2004 and in Japan on November 9, 2004. A Nintendo GameCube version was planned but it was later canceled.

Crash of the Titans

Crash of the Titans is a video game. It was published by Sierra Entertainment. It was developed by Radical Entertainment for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, Wii and Xbox 360. The Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS versions of the game were developed by Amaze Entertainment. The game was first released in North America on October 3, 2007, in Europe on October 12, 2007 and in Australia on October 25, 2007. It is the first game in the "Crash Bandicoot" series not to have a Japanese release.

"Crash of the Titans" is the fourteenth "Crash Bandicoot" video game. It is the first "Mutant" Crash game. The game's story is about the discovery of a substance known as "Mojo". The main antagonist of the series, Doctor Neo Cortex, plans to use this and turn the inhabitants of the Wumpa islands into an army of loyal mutants known as "Titans". The protagonist of the game, Crash Bandicoot, must stop Cortex by using the technique of "jacking". He does this to take control and destroy Cortex's Titans.

The game was given a mixed review by video game critics. Critics did not like that the game was very short. They did, however, liked the variety in the game. However, "Crash of the Titans" was nominated for two awards.


Robert Earl Jones

Robert Earl Jones (February 3, c. 1910 - September 7, 2006) was an American actor. One of the movies he was in the 1973 movie "The Sting". He also was in the 1984 movie "The Cotton Club" and the 1983 movie "Trading Places". His year of birth is reported as between 1900 and 1911. The most often is 1910 as reported by the Social Security Administration. He was also the father of James Earl Jones. He died in Englewood New Jersey of natural causes.


Crash: Mind over Mutant

Crash: Mind over Mutant is a video game. It was published by Sierra Entertainment and Activision. It was developed by Radical Entertainment for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, Wii and Xbox 360. The Nintendo DS version of the game was developed by TOSE. It was released in North America on October 7, 2008 and was later released in Europe and Australia on October 31. It is the second game in the series not to have a Japanese release, after "Crash of the Titans".

"Crash: Mind over Mutant" is the fifteenth "Crash Bandicoot" video game. It is the sequel to "Crash of the Titans". The game's story is about the arrival of a popular technological-device. It has the power to put anyone under the control of Doctor Neo Cortex, the main antagonist of the game. Crash Bandicoot must free his friends with the help of Aku Aku, both are the protagonist of the game. 

The game was given a mixed review from video game critics. The Wii and PlayStation 2 versions were given a more positive review. The Xbox 360 version was given an "ok" review. Much of the positive reviews were about the game's humorous (funny) cut scenes. The Nintendo DS version was given negative reviews because of its dull and bad gameplay.


Crash Tag Team Racing

Crash Tag Team Racing is a racing video game published by Sierra Entertainment. It was developed by Radical Entertainment for the PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube, Xbox and PlayStation Portable. A Nintendo DS version was cancelled. The reason for this is unknown. The game was released in North America on October 19, 2005 and in Europe on November 4, 2005.


Crash Boom Bang!

"Crash Boom Bang!" is the first "Crash" game to be released for the Nintendo DS, and the second party game of the series, after "Crash Bash". The game's story centers on a multi-millionaire who uses the characters of the series to unearth a powerful object dubbed the "Super Big Power Crystal". The game was met with largely negative reviews for having unoriginal, dull gameplay and poor controls.


Crash Bandicoot: The Huge Adventure

Crash Bandicoot: The Huge Adventure, released in Europe as Crash Bandicoot XS and in Japan as Crash Bandicoot Advance, is a video game published by Universal Interactive Studios (Konami in Japan). It was developed by Vicarious Visions for the Game Boy Advance. It was released in North America on February 25, 2002, in Europe on March 15, 2002 and in Japan on July 18, 2002.


Crash Bandicoot 2: N-Tranced

Crash Bandicoot 2: N-Tranced, released in Japan as is a video game published by Universal Interactive Studios (Konami for Japan). It was developed by Vicarious Visions for the Game Boy Advance. It was released in North America on January 7, 2003, in Europe on March 14, 2003 and in Japan on December 4, 2003.


Crash Bandicoot Purple: Ripto's Rampage and Spyro Orange: The Cortex Conspiracy

Crash Bandicoot Purple: Ripto's Rampage and Spyro Orange: The Cortex Conspiracy are two video games published by Vivendi Universal Games. They were developed by Vicarious Visions for the Game Boy Advance. They were released in North America on June 3, 2004, in Europe on June 25, 2004 (under the names Crash Fusion and Spyro Fusion) and in Japan on December 9, 2004 (under the names: Crash Bandicoot Advance Wakuwaku Tomodachi Daisakusen! and Spyro Advance Wakuwaku Tomodachi Daisakusen!). This was the last "Spyro" game to be released in Japan. 

"Crash Bandicoot Purple: Ripto's Rampage" is the tenth "Crash Bandicoot" video game. "Spyro Orange: The Cortex Conspiracy" is the eighth "Spyro" video game.

Spyro (series)

Spyro the Dragon is a series of video games. The first title was released for Sony's PlayStation. The "Spyro" series has become very popular since the first release and several sequels and spin offs. The "Spyro" series has sold more than 20 million units worldwide. The original "Spyro" series was restarted in 2006 with the release of the Legend of Spyro series. The series was rebooted again in 2011 when Skylanders was released. The first three games got a remake called Spyro Reignited Trilogy (2018).

"Spyro the Dragon" was released on the Playstation in 1998. It features Spyro, a small, purple dragon; his dragonfly companion, Sparx; and a multitude of fellow dragons. It takes place in the Dragon Realms, an imaginary fantasy world, which is itself divided in six worlds: Artisans, Peace Keepers, Magic Crafters, Beast Makers, Dream Weavers, and Gnasty's World. At the beginning of the game the main antagonist, Gnasty Gnorc (a half gnome, half orc hybrid), seeks revenge against the dragons for banishing him and traps them in stone. Spyro was out playing hooky and was spared from a crystal prison. The point of the game is to charge, fly, and flame your way through each world, defeating enemies, saving dragons, and eventually facing and taking down Gnasty.

"" is the sequel to "Spyro the Dragon." It was released on the Playstation in 1999. Spyro and Sparx accidentally stumble upon the realm of Avalar, where the antagonist, Ripto (a tiny, mean dinosaur with a magic staff), is taking over the once-peaceful lands. Spyro was looking forward to having some rest but instead is dragged into a new adventure. In this episode of the series, the small dragon also meets a number of new allies, including the Professor, Hunter the cheetah, Elora the fawn, and Zoe the fairy, and must face Ripto and his henchmen, Crush and Gulp, two other dinosaurs who are not very smart. The game introduces some new movements which Spyro can do to advance in his quest, including swimming, climbing, and head-butting.

"" (2000) is the last game developed by Insomniac Games before the series got a different developer. The dragons are celebrating the coming of dragon eggs. This event takes place every twelve years. A mysterious girl steals all the eggs. Spyro, Sparx, and Hunter must follow her down a rabbit hole to the Forgotten Realms on the other side of the world. There they meet many new allies, which are also playable characters - Sheila the kangaroo, Sgt. Byrd the flying penguin, Bentley the yeti, and Agent 9 the monkey. The third game of the "Spyro" series also feature levels in which the player controls Sparx in a bird's eye view shooting game. Spyro and his new friends must find out why the Sorceress stole the eggs, what she plans to do with them, and how to stop her.

"" (2002) was released for both the Sony PlayStation 2 and Nintendo GameCube consoles. In this game, Ripto steals the dragonflies from the dragons, and Spyro has to find them all and defeat Ripto. 

"" (2004) is available for Sony PlayStation 2, Microsoft Xbox and Nintendo GameCube. In this game, a dragon named Red uses evil Dark Gems to poison the Dragon Worlds.

The following "Spyro" games are available for the Nintendo GameBoy Advance portable console:

"" (2005) is the first and only Nintendo DS Spyro game. It is also the last Spyro game in the original series before the Legend of Spyro reboot. Spyro has to save everyone who lives in The Dragon Realms, Avalar, The Forgotten Worlds from a place called the Shadow Realm.

"" (2006) is the first game in the Legend of Spyro series. Spyro was raised by a family of dragonflies, including Sparx. One day he realizes he is not a dragonfly, but a dragon. Spyro meets a dragon Guardian named Ignitus, who tells Spyro that because he is purple, he is a special dragon who can breathe all four elements: fire, electricity, ice, and earth. This kicks off the start of his journey to save the remaining Guardian dragons in the world, Volteer, the Guardian of electricity; Cyril, the Guardian of ice, and Terrador, the Guardian of earth. They teach Spyro to master their elements after he rescues them. Spyro also has to defeat Cynder, a mysterious, evil dragon, who is working for the main antagonist of the series, the Dark Master.

"" (2007) is the sequel to "A New Beginning." Cynder leaves the Dragon Temple because she feels guilty for what she did before she became good. Spyro goes after her. The Temple is then attacked apes, and Spyro has to defeat them. Spyro is eventually captured by pirates and has to escape. He also has to save Cynder, who has also been captured.

"" (2008) is the last game in the Legend of Spyro series. The characters and graphics are very different than the other two games. This is the first Spyro game that allows a player to fly at any time (free-fly mode). The game also has a co-op mode with Cynder. The story of game starts three years after the end of "The Eternal Night." Spyro and Cynder escape from the crystals that trapped them and are then bonded together with mysterious green energy chains created by the Dark Master. They have to work together to defeat the Dark Master, Malefor, once and for all.

"Skylanders" is a multi-platform spin-off series of games that replaced the "Spyro" series. The game is played with real toys that can be used in the game.

"" (2011) – Microsoft Windows, Nintendo 3DS, OS X, PlayStation 3, Wii, Xbox 360, Wii U

"" (2012) – Nintendo 3DS, PlayStation 3, Wii, Wii U, Xbox 360

"" (2013) – Nintendo 3DS, PlayStation 3, Wii, Wii U, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4, Xbox One

"" (2014) – Nintendo 3DS, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Wii, Wii U, Xbox 360, Xbox One


Amanda Anka

Amanda Katherine Anka-Bateman (born December 10, 1968 in New York City, USA) is an American movie, television, and voice actress.

Amanda Katherine Anka was born on December 10, 1968 in New York City. She was born to musician and actor Paul Anka and model Anne de Zogheb, who were married from 1963 until their divorce in 2000. Amanda is the second of five daughters. Her sisters are Alicia Anka (b.1970), Amelia Anka (b.1977), (b.1971) and Alexandra Anka (b.1966). She also has a younger half-
brother, Ethan Anka (b.2004).

Amanda married her boyfriend of two years, actor Jason Bateman (b.1969), on July 3, 2001. They have two daughters together - Francesca Nora Bateman (b.October 28, 2006) and Maple Sylvie Bateman (b.February 10, 2012).

National Party of South Africa

National Party of South Africa was an Afrikaner dominated white South African nationalist political party that controlled the South African government from 1948 to 1994. It was founded in 1914 by J.B.M. Hertzog as a result of disagreements between him and the leaders of the South African Party, which he then was a member of. In 1948 its leader Daniel Francois Malan became Prime Minister of South Africa, and the party began instituting apartheid in South Africa. However, apartheid was only one among a variety of issues that helped bring the National Party to power. Most people who voted for the National Party in 1948 were voting more against the previous United Party led by Jan Smuts than for Malan's National Party. This was because of Smuts's support of the United Kingdom in the Second World War, and other issues that irritated Afrikaner voters such as the poverty of Afrikaners, the competition from native Africans for jobs, the urbanization of Afrikaner towns, and the threat of communism, which the Afrikaner voters generally felt Smuts had wrongly handled and felt that the problems were partially his fault. South African President FW de Klerk, the last South African government leader to belong to the party, disbanded apartheid in the 1990s and allowed all adults of all races to vote for the first time in 1994, which resulted in the National Party being voted out of office.

Universal Orlando Resort

Universal Orlando Resort is a resort in Orlando, Florida. It is in a partnership between NBCUniversal and The Blackstone Group. The resort consists of two theme parks (Universal Studios Florida and Islands of Adventure), CityWalk (a nighttime entertainment destination), and three Loews hotels. CityWalk includes the 20 screen Loews Universal Cineplex, a lot of restaurants, shops, and clubs. There are eight restaurants, five entertainment areas and 11 shopping stores.

Universal Studios Florida is one of the themes parks in Universal Orlando Resort. It includes rides and many shows.



Islands of Adventure is a theme park in Orlando, Florida. It opened in 1999 as an expansion to the Universal Orlando Resort and CityWalk areas. The park has six "islands", each having its own theme.

The Port of Entry is the area north of the entrance, positioned at the southernmost point of the park. It is primarily a shopping center, and has the feel of an Arabian bazaar. Its main feature is the Confisco Grille, a restaurant. Located next to the Port of Entry, Marvel Super Hero Island has rides similar to Marvel comic books. Its four rides are the Incredible Hulk Coaster, the only launched Bolliger and Mabillard roller coaster, The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man, a simulator ride set in New York, Doctor Doom's Fearfall, a vertically launched ride similar to Power Tower at Cedar Point in Ohio, and Storm Force Accelatron which is a faster version of the traditional Teacup ride.

Toon Lagoon contains mostly water rides and is themed after the cartoons found in the Sunday newspaper. These rides include Popeye & Bluto's Bilge Rat Barges, a whitewater rapids ride, and Dudley Do-Right's Rip Saw Falls, a log flume with a 50 foot drop. Also here is Me Ship, The Olive, a kids play area. The Comic Strip Cafe and Wimpy's provide food here.
Set in the time of Jurassic Park the movie, the only ride is Jurassic Park River Adventure. The Lost Continent has a theme of a lost medieval city. Dueling Dragons is an inverted roller coaster with two different tracks, Fire and Ice. Poseidon's Fury is a special effects show where you can explore Poseidon's underground tomb. Close by is The Eighth Voyage of Sindbad, a live action stunt show. Outside the entrance to this show is the mystical Talking Fountain which talks to, and soaks people who goes by it. Also in the Lost Continent is the Flying Unicorn, a roller coaster for children and The Enchanted Oak Tavern. Mythos is a casual sit-down restaurant at the entrance to the Continent.

Seuss Landing is the only zone at Islands of Adventure for small children. It is based on the works of the author Dr. Seuss. It has several Seuss-themed rides including the Caro-Seuss-el, The Cat in the Hat Ride, and If I Ran the Zoo. It also features One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish and the Green Eggs and Ham Cafe.

When the park opened, a boat ride, Island Skipper Tours, took park guests around the central lagoon of Islands of Adventure. It had stops in Port of Entry across from the Confisco Grille restaurant, and in Jurassic Park next to the Discovery Center. The ride was closed in 2002.

Originally Toon Lagoon featured a live show with cartoon characters. It was replaced in 2002 by a Dave Mirra-themed BMX stunt show. There used to be a Triceratops Encounter in Jurassic Park that featured a lifelike animatronic dinosaur.

A ride that was supposed to open with the park in Seuss Landing was Sylvester McMonkey McBean's Incredible Driving Machines. This was similar to Pteranodon Flyers in Jurassic Park in that parents and children could ride together in cars that ran on an elevated track that toured Seuss Landing. They were never able to get the ride to work, and the supplier that made most of the components went bankrupt in 1999. The ride never opened, but the tracks are still at the park.


Sophie B. Hawkins

Sophie Ballantine Hawkins (born November 1, 1964 near Manhattan, New York) is an American singer-songwriter and recording artist. She has had many hit records and songs. In particular, she is well known for the single "Damn I Wish I was Your Lover".

Kristen Wiig

Kristen Wiig (; born August 22, 1973) is an American actress and comedian. She is best known for acting on the NBC television comedy "Saturday Night Live". She also acted in many movies, including "Bridesmaids", "Adventureland", "Paul", and in the "Despicable Me" franchise.

In 2018, Wiig was cast as the villain Cheetah in the 2019 DC Extended Universe movie "Wonder Woman 1984".


Arena

An arena is a circular or oval shaped public space. It is similar to a theater, a concert or sporting events. It is made up of a large open space surrounded on all sides by seats or benches for people to sit. The main feature of an arena is that the event space is the lowest point. This allows everyone to see what's going on. Sometimes, an arena is created to have a very large number of people, such as New York City's Madison Square Garden or Pasadena's Rose Bowl. In the United States, the term 'arena', sometimes means an indoor stadium.

Arena (disambiguation)

An arena is a type of stadium or venue.

Arena may also refer to:





Jeff Foxworthy

Jeffrey Marshall "Jeff" Foxworthy (born September 6, 1958) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, radio, and television personality, author, voice artist, and comedian. He is known for having "Southern humor" and unusual styles of entertainment. He acted in "The Jeff Foxworthy Show" during the mid 1990s. He has also hosted game shows, hosting "Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?" and "The American Bible Challenge". 

He was born in Hapeville, Georgia. He is the first child of Jimmy Abstance Foxworthy, an IBM executive, and Carole Linda (Camp) Foxworthy. His parents are of English ancestry. His grandfather, James Marvin Camp, was a fireman in Hapeville for more than 30 years.

Gary Barlow

Gary William Barlow (born 20 January 1971) is an English singer-songwriter, pianist and record producer. He is frontman, lead singer and main songwriter of the boy band Take That.

In 1990, Gary Barlow became a member of the new founded boy band Take That. He is the main songwriter of the band. After the band broke up in 1996, Barlow started a solo career. He released two solo albums, "Open Road" and "Twelve Months, Eleven Days". He also wrote songs for other singers. Take That reformed in 2005.

Barlow was voted as the best British songwriter of all time in 2009. He was a judge at the TV show "The X Factor" from 2011 until 2013.

Barlow organized the concert for the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II in 2012. In May 2012, he released the album "Sing" with the Commonwealth Band. The solo album "Since I Saw You Last" was released in November 2013.

Barlow and his wife Dawn Andrews have three children Daniel, Emily and Daisy. Their fourth child was stillborn in August 2012.

Príncipe

Príncipe is the northern and smaller of the two major islands of the country of São Tomé and Príncipe. It is in the sea to the west of Africa. It has an area of . Close to 5,000 people live there. The island is a heavily eroded volcano over three million years old. It is surrounded by other smaller islands including Ilheu Bom Bom, Ilhéu Caroço, Tinhosa Grande and Tinhosa Pequena. Príncipe rises in the south to at Pico de Príncipe, in a part of the Obo National Park that is covered with trees. The north and centre of the island were formerly plantations, most of them formed by Portuguese colonialists using slave labor. These concentrated initially on producing sugar and later on cocoa, becoming the world's greatest cocoa producer. Since independence these plantations have since largely gone back to being forest. 

Príncipe was the site where Einstein's Theory of Relativity was experimentally proved successful by Arthur Stanley Eddington and his team during the total solar eclipse of May 29, 1919.

Russ Feingold

Russell Dana "Russ" Feingold (born March 2, 1953) is an American politician and lawyer from the state of Wisconsin. He was a member of the Democratic Party of the United States Senate from 1993 to 2011 and a Wisconsin State Senator from 1983 to 1993.

On May 14, 2015 he announced his candidacy for a 2016 U.S. Senate run against the incumbent Senator, Ron Johnson. He was defeated by Johnson in a rematch of their 2010 Senate race.

Chiriku Hachiman-gū

, also known as , is a Japanese Shinto shrine in Miyaki, Saga Prefecture.

Chiriku Hachiman-gū was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Hizen Province. It is a chief shrine of Saga Prefecture and Nagasaki Prefecture.

In 1940, the shrine was recognized in the system of State Shinto. It was ranked among the most significant shrines or which included 50 sanctuaries.


Judith Light

Judith Ellen Light (February 9 1949 in Trenton, New Jersey) is an American stage and television actress who has been featured in multiple soap operas and sitcoms. She acted in sitcoms such as "Who's the Boss?", "Ugly Betty" and "".

X Factor

The X Factor could mean:

The X Factor is a reality television show. People can enter as solo singers or in groups. They are judged by celebrity experts and the winner is decided by a public vote. In most versions, the winner gets prize money and a record deal.


Samantha Morton

Samantha Morton (born 13 May 1977) is an English actress. She was born in Nottingham. She has been nominated for many major awards for her acting. She began acting in 1991, although it was 2000 when she received recognition from worldwide. In particular she has been in movies, including "Sweet and Lowdown" (1999) and "Minority Report" (2002).

Zootaxa

Zootaxa is a scientific journal that publishes papers of zoology. It is edited by Magnolia Press (Auckland, New Zealand). The magazine was created by Zhi-Qiang Zhang in 2001 and the magazine is issued every week. 

Zootaxa is indexed by BIOSIS, Zoological Record and the Current Contents Agriculture, Biology and Environmental Sciences.


Aso Kujū National Park

In part, the park's name comes from Mount Aso, which is the largest active volcano in Japan. The park is also named for Mount Kujū and the Kujū mountains.

Aso National Park was established in 1934. When the area of the park was made larger in 1986, the park's name became Aso Kujū National Park.


The Truman Show delusion

The "Truman Show" delusion is a delusion some people have. It is named after "The Truman Show", a movie from 1998. In the movie, the main character discovers that he is living in a constructed reality that is shown on television. All people except the main character of the movie are paid actors. People with this disorder have delusions about being followed. The may also think that they are famous. As of 2012, there were over forty reported cases of this delusion, in the U.S and the United Kingdom. 

One of the patients, an upper-middle class Army veteran who wanted to climb the Statue of Liberty in the belief that doing so would release him from the "show", described his condition this way:

I realized that I was and am the center, the focus of attention by millions and millions of people ... My family and everyone I knew were and are actors in a script, a charade whose entire purpose is to make me the focus of the world's attention.

The choice of the name "Truman Show Delusion" by the Golds was influenced by the fact that three of the five patients Joel Gold initially treated for the syndrome explicitly linked their perceived experiences to the film.

In the U.K., psychiatrists Paolo Fusar-Poli, Oliver Howes, Lucia Valmaggia and Philip McGuire of the Institute of Psychiatry in London described in the "British Journal of Psychiatry" what they referred to as the "Truman Syndrome":

[A] preoccupying belief that the world had changed in some way that other people were aware of, which he interpreted as indicating he was the subject of a film and living in a film set (a ‘fabricated world’). This cluster of symptoms ... is a common presenting complaint in individuals ... who may be in the prodromal phase of schizophrenia.

The authors suggest that the "Truman explanation" is a result of the patients' search for meaning in their perception that the ordinary world has changed in some significant but inexplicable way.

MobyGames

MobyGames is an online gaming website for computer and video games. It is also a review site which allows their critics to give their opinion's on any video game. The site has a lot of video game information. Their goal is to be a huge game database.

As of July 17, 2012, the site includes 131 gaming platforms (video game consoles, computers and handheld devices including mobile phones.) They also have more than 67,000 game entries, in 40 years of gaming. GameFly bought the site in 2010.


Giant tortoise

Giant tortoises have evolved on a number of tropical islands. They can weigh as much as 3 or 400 kg (660880 lbs) and can grow to be 1.3 to 1.9 m (45.9 ft) long (accounts vary). They live, or lived (some species are recently extinct), in the Seychelles, the Mascarenes and the Galapagos. Today, the world's largest population lives on Aldabra Atoll in Seychelles, where there are about 150,000 individuals. Although looking similar, the tortoises represent separate branches of evolution. The Seychelles and Mascarenes tortoises came originally from nearby Madagascar, while the Galapagos tortoises came from nearby Ecuador. Their similarity is an example of convergent evolution.

These tortoises are capable of living over 100 years in the wild. This makes them the longest-living vertebrates. The longest living survivor is 182 years old (probably).

The Madagascar tortoise "Tu'i Malila" was 188 at death in Tonga in 1965. "Harriet" was reported by the Australia Zoo to be 176 years old when she died in 2006. Also, on 23 March 2006, an Aldabra giant tortoise named "Adwaita" died at Alipore Zoological Gardens in Kolkata. He was brought to the zoo in the 1870s from the estate of Lord Robert Clive. He was around 255 years old when he died.

Around the time of its discovery, they were caught and killed for food in such large quantities that they became virtually extinct by 1900. Giant tortoises are now under strict conservation laws and are categorised as threatened species.

During the 16th and 17th centuries, the Galápagos were frequented by buccaneers preying on Spanish treasure ships. Filling a ship's hold with tortoises was an easy way to stock up on food, a tradition that was continued by whalers in the centuries that followed. "whaling skippers were almost lyrical in their praise of tortoise meat, terming it far more delicious than chicken, pork or beef". They said the meat of the giant tortoise was "succulent meat and the oil from their bodies as pure as butter, but best of all, the giants could hibernate in a ship’s damp for a year or more".

At least five species of the genus "Cylindraspis" have gone extinct in historic times. They lived in the Mascarene Islands (Mauritius, Rodrigues and Réunion) in the Indian Ocean.

The Galápagos tortoise or Galápagos giant tortoise ("Chelonoidis nigra") is the biggest living species of tortoise and the 10th-heaviest living reptile.

The tortoise lives in seven of the Galápagos Islands. The island is a volcanic archipelago about 1,000 km (620 mi) west of the Ecuadorian mainland. Spanish explorers, who discovered the islands in the 16th century, named them after the Spanish "galápago", meaning tortoise.

Their shell size and shape are different between populations. On islands with humid highlands, the tortoises are larger, with domed shells and short necks. On islands with dry lowlands, the tortoises are smaller, with "saddleback" shells and long necks. Charles Darwin's observations of these differences on the second voyage of the Beagle in 1835, helped him to develop his theory of evolution.

The population of the Galápagos tortoise is getting smaller. There were over 250,000 individuals in the 16th century. In the 1970s, that number got smaller to around 3,000. The decline is believed to be caused by over-exploitation, habitat loss and introduced species to the islands such as rats, goats and pigs. Ten subspecies of the original fifteen survive in the wild. An eleventh subspecies ("C. n. abingdoni") had only a single known living individual. It was kept in captivity. "Lonesome George" died in June 2012.

There have been many conservation efforts. Because of this, thousands of captive-bred juveniles were released onto their home islands. As a result, the population grew to 19,000 at the start of the 21st century. However, the species is still classified as "vulnerable" by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN).

The main population of the Aldabra giant tortoise lives on the islands of the Aldabra Atoll in the Seychelles. The atoll has been protected from human influence and is home to some 100,000 giant tortoises, the world's largest population of the animal. Another isolated population of the species lives on the island of Changuu, near Zanzibar and other captive populations are in conservation parks in Mauritius and Rodrigues. The tortoises exploit many different kinds of habitat, including grasslands, low scrub, mangrove swamps, and coastal dunes.

The species is called "Aldabrachelys gigantea" or "Dipsochelys dussumieri". The names refer to the same tortoise.


John Carter (movie)

John Carter is a 2012 science fiction and action drama movie. It stars Samantha Morton and Willem Dafoe. The director of "John Carter" is Andrew Stanton. This action drama received negative reviews and performed poorly at the US box office, though it did well on international terms.

Amphiuma

Amphiuma is a genus of aquatic salamanders. They are the only genus still living in the family Amphiumidae. They are sometimes called "conger eels" or "congo snakes", which is not correct. Amphiumas have one of the largest amounts of DNA in the living world, around 25 times more than a human.

Amphiumas have a long body. They are generally grey-black in color. They do have legs but they are very small. Amphiumas can be up to long, their legs are only up to about . It is because of this that they are often mistaken for eels or snakes. They also do not have eyelids or a tongue. 

Female amphiumas lay their eggs in wet mud. They then stay coiled around them for about five months, until they hatch. The larvae have external gills. After about four months these external gills disappear and the lungs begin to work. 

Amphiumas live in the southeastern part of the United States. 

In the past they have lived in more areas. Fossils from the Pleistocene time show that they once lived in Europe.

During the day amphiumas hide in plants. At night they become active and go hunting. Their prey include frogs, snakes, fish, crustaceans, insects and even other amphiumas. Hunting and eating habits are similar to that of the Axolotl. They suck food into their stomachs with vacuum force. They can become aggressive. 

There are three amphiuma species. They are different because of the number of toes:


Leiopelmatidae

Leiopelmatidae, or New Zealand and North American primitive frogs, is a family belonging to the suborder Archaeobatrachia. There are only four Leiopelma and two Ascaphus species alive now. Leiopelma are only found in New Zealand. Ascaphus are only found in North America.

Leiopelmatidae have an extra vertebrae. They have the remains of the tail muscles.

When Leiopelmatid jump, they land in a "belly flop". After landing, Ascaphus skids to a halt before recovering.

They are very small frogs, only in length. Most species lay their eggs in moist ground, typically under rocks or plants. After hatching the tadpoles nest in the male's back. They do not need standing or flowing water. Life span may be long at more than 30 years.

Family LEIOPELMATIDAE

Three extinct species are known by subfossil remains, also from New Zealand. They became extinct during the past 1,000 years.

Much older fossils, dating back to the Jurassic, have been found in Argentina, such as "Notobatrachus".


Megophryidae

Megophryidae are a large family of frogs. They live in the warm southeast of Asia, from the Himalaya foothills eastwards, south to Indonesia and the Greater Sunda Islands in Maritime Southeast Asia, and going to the Philippines. There are 70-100 species of frog divided between 12 genera. They are commonly called megophryids.

The megophryids are known for their camouflage, especially those that live in forests. They often look like dead leaves. They even have some skin folds that look like leaf veins.

Megophryids range in size from to in length. The adults' tongue is noticeably paddle-shaped. Their tadpoles can be found in a variety of waters, but especially ponds and streams. The tadpoles are very diverse in form because of the variety of habitats they live in.

Family Megophryinidae


Parsley frog

Parsley frogs or Pelodytidae, is a family of order Anura. The family has just one genus, Pelodytes. These frogs live in southwestern Europe and the Caucasus. 

Parsley frogs are typical looking frogs. They are closely related to Spadefoot toads and Megophyrids. The parsley frogs are small, smooth skinned frogs. They reach a length of . They are one of the few families of frogs which have more known extinct species and genera (two or three) than living species. 


Spadefoot toad

Spadefoot is the name of the following toads:

American spadefoot toads

An American spadefood toad is one of a family of toads known as Scaphiopodidae. They live in North America, in southern Canada and USA south to southern Mexico. Scaphiopodidae is a small family with only seven species.

The American spadefoot toads are of typical shape to most digging frogs. They are round, with short legs and eyes that stick out. This frog has a hard growth on their feet which helps them to dig. They dig backwards into the ground.

The American spadefoot toads live on land when not under ground. They are dully coloured, usually a grey or dull green or brown. This is to help in camouflage.


Notaden

Notaden is a genus of frogs. They live in central and northern Australia. They are a digging frog.

Its body is very round in shape with a short neck. Its pupils are horizontal slits. It has long arms and short, stubby legs. Its fingers do not have webbing and its toes may have little to no webbing. The skin is slightly warty. Because it looks like some species of toads it is often incorrectly called a toad. It lets out a poisonous sticky fluid from its skin when picked up. It lays eggs in chains like some toad species.

Mexican burrowing toad

The Mexican burrowing toad ("Rhinophrynus dorsalis") is a frog. They are the only species in the genus Rhinophrynus and the family Rhinophrynidae. These frogs live from the southern Texas through Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador to Nicaragua and Costa Rica. They used to live in more places. There were species going as far north as Canada, but these died out in the Oligocene.

The Mexican Burrowing Toad grows to in length. They usually have red spots on its bloated body with a red stripe along the center of its back. It has short legs, and a small, pointed head. Its feet have horny, shovel-like growths that help it in digging. Its eyes are small. The Mexican Burrowing Toad's tongue comes directly out the front of the mouth. In all other frogs it is flipped out.

As the name suggests, the Mexican Burrowing Toad is a burrowing animal. It spends a large part of its life underground. After a large time of rain, it will come out from the soil and lay eggs in water. They will travel up to to find a good water source. Because of the unpredictability of rain, the frog will call and mate during any time of the year. It will dig into soft soil with its short legs once the land has dried up. The egg and tadpole stages of the life cycle are short. The eggs take only a few days to hatch. The tadpoles develop over one to three months. 

The call is a loud, low pitched "wh-o-o-o-a". When it is calling or scared, the body becomes inflated. The Mexican Burrowing Toad eats insects, mostly ants and termites.


Tukeit Hill frog

The Tukeit Hill Frog ("Allophryne ruthveni") is one of the two described species in the genus "Allophryne". The other one is "Allophryne resplendens". It is the only member of the subfamily Allophryninae, a clade recently placed under the family Centrolenidae These frogs live in Guyana, Venezuela, Surinam, Brazil and Bolivia. The holotype was discovered at Tukeit Hill, below Kaieteur Falls, Guyana. This is the reason for the common English name.

The Tukeit Hill Frog is a small frog. It can have different colors. They are either black, with stripes and spots which can be golden or dull yellow, or a dull yellow or golden stomach surface, with black strips and spots. It has a flat body, and small flat head. The toe pads are large, wider than the fingers.

The Tukeit Hill Frog spends some time low in the trees, 1–3 metres, and some of the time on the ground. This frog lives in sparse forest, avoiding cleared land.


Aromobatidae

The Aromobatidae are a family of poison dart frogs. They live in Central and South America. By late 2019, 126 species in three subfamilies and five genera had been described.

Arthroleptidae

The Arthroleptidae is a family of frogs found in sub-Saharan Africa. They are known as squeakers because of their high-pitched call. They are small, less than in length. They live on land mostly in leaf litter on the forest floor. They do not have tadpoles. They lay their eggs on the ground. 

Some species hatch already completely metamorphosed into the adult form, others still have tails when they hatch.

Arthroleptidae is separated into two sub-families: Arthroleptinae and Leptopelinae. Some think these are separate families. 

The two sub-families have these genera:

Saddleback toad

The saddleback toads are the family Brachycephalidae in the order Anura. The family has just one genus, "Brachycephalus". It has 28 species. 

These tiny, often yellow frogs live in the cool cloud Atlantic forests of south-eastern Brazil. These mountainous areas have even more species (per square km) than the Amazon basin. Each small mountain has its own species.

The saddleback toads are very small frogs. They are mostly about in length. They include the smallest frog in the southern hemisphere, the Brazilian golden frog ("Brachycephalus didactylus"). They have only three toes on each foot, and two fingers on each hand. This is different than the usual five toes and four fingers of most frogs. 

The saddleback toads are active during the day. They live in the leaf litter on forest floors. The eggs hatch into miniature frogs. There is no tadpole stage. The eggs are laid on the ground. They are covered in soil to protect from the heat and predators. 

Rhonda Fleming

Rhonda Fleming (August 10, 1923 – October 14, 2020) was an American television and movie actress. She starred in many television programs and lots of movies in the 1940s and 1950s. She was known as one of the most beautiful actors of her time. Fleming was born in Hollywood, California. 

Fleming died on October 14, 2020 in Santa Monica, California from pneumonia at the age of 97.

Supervised learning

In machine learning, supervised learning is the task of inferring a function from labelled training data. The results of the training are known beforehand, the system simply learns how to get to these results correctly. Usually, such systems work with vectors. They get the training data and the result of the training as two vectors and produce a "classifier". Usually, the system uses inductive reasoning to generalize the training data.

Hasan ibn Zayd

Hasan ibn Zayd, known as Great Dai, (born early 8th century, died 6 January 884) was a Persian king of the Tabaristan's Alids. He rebelled in Tabaristan (in 864) and fought with the Abbasids, Tahirids and the Saffarids dynasty. He created an independent Shia Islamic Alavid dynasty.

Hasan died in Amol.


Don Johnson

Don Johnson (born December 15, 1949) is an American movie and television actor. He has been featured in many television programs and movies. In particular, he starred in the police shows "Miami Vice" and "Nash Bridges". He was born in Flat Creek, Missouri.

Johnson was married to Melanie Griffith in 1976 and from 1989 until 1996. His five children include actor Jesse Johnson and actress Dakota Johnson.

Tokyo (disambiguation)

Tokyo may mean:



The history of Tokyo includes



Corps de ballet

The corps de ballet are a group of dancers in a ballet company who are not soloists. They perform as a group (the Flowers in the "Waltz of the Flowers" from "The Nutcracker", for example) and at other times as a backdrop for the soloists (the peasants in the mad scene from "Giselle").

Tokyo Prefecture

In 1943, the prefecture's municipalities, including the traditional city of Tokyo, became part of the newly formed or "greater Tokyo metropolian area".

Soul Asylum

Soul Asylum is an American alternative rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota. Soul Asylum has four members in the band; the current band members are David Pirner, Dan Murphy, Michael Bland and Tommy Stinson.

The band was formed in 1981 and were balled Loud Fast Rules. The band was renamed Soul Asylum in 1983. They released their debut album "Say What You Will, Clarence...Karl Sold the Truck" on August 24, 1984. The song ""Runaway Train"" from their sixth studio album, ""Grave Dancers Union"" won a Grammy Award for Best Rock Song in 1994. The bands original bassist Karl Mueller died on June 17, 2005 from throat cancer. They released their tenth studio album ""Delayed Reaction"" on July 17, 2012.



So far as of 2012, Soul Asylum have released 10 studio albums and 1 live album:




Alexandre Benois

Alexandre Nikolayevich Benois (3 May 18709 February 1960) was an artist, art critic, and historian. He was born in St. Petersburg and died in Paris. He designed several productions for Diaghilev's Ballets Russes including "Petrushka".

Tokyo, Tokyo

In 1869, the city of Edo was renamed Tokyo, which means "Eastern Capital". The offices of Tokyo Prefecture were also opened.

In 1943, the city was abolished. All of the 23 Special wards of Tokyo merged with Tokyo Prefecture to form the Tokyo Metropolis.

Glass frog

The glass frog (or glassfrog) is the common name for the frogs of the amphibian family Centrolenidae. Most glass frogs are a lime green color. For some glass frogs the skin on the stomach area is transparent. The insides, including the heart, liver, and gastrointestinal tract can be seen through the skin. This is the reason for the common name.

Glass frogs are generally small, ranging from in length. The frog is known to eat its own young. They are green in color over most of their bodies. The skin along the lower surface of the body is translucent.

Glass frogs are similar in appearance to some green frogs of the genus "Eleutherodactylus" and to some tree frogs of the family Hylidae. Hylid tree frogs have eyes that face to the side, whilst those of glass frogs face forward.

These frogs live from southern Mexico to Panama. They are through the Andes from Venezuela and the island of Tobago to Bolivia. Some species are in the Amazon and Orinoco River basins, the Guiana Shield region, southeastern Brazil, and northern Argentina.

Glass frogs are mostly arboreal. They live along rivers and streams during the breeding season. Many live in montane cloud forests of Central and South America. Some species also live in Amazon and Chocóan rainforest and semi-deciduous forests.

The eggs are usually put on the leaves of trees or shrubs. The leaves hang over the running water of mountain streams, creeks, and small rivers. One species leaves its eggs over stones close to waterfalls. After they hatch, the tadpoles fall into the waters below. The tadpoles are long, with powerful tails and low fins, suited for fast flowing water. Outside of the breeding season some species live in the canopy.

Family CENTROLENIDAE
Incertae sedis "Ikakogi" 


Ceratophryinae

The Ceratophryinae, known as common horned frogs, are a subfamily of the leptodactylid frogs. All species live in South America. 

Fossils of the giant "Beelzebufo" from Cretaceous Madagascar suggest that the subfamily may have once ranged throughout the prehistoric supercontinent of Gondwana. Not all species in the subfamily have the horn-like growth at the eyes. All are carnivorous, terrestrial or semi-aquatic. They have large heads and mouths. 

Some people enjoy keeping these frogs as pets.



Craugastoridae

Craugastoridae is a family of frogs. There are 2 genera: "Craugastor" and "Haddadus". 

The genus "Craugastor" has 112 species. They can be found in the southwestern United States, Mexico, Central America up to northwestern South America. The genus "Haddadus" has 2 species. They are only found in south-eastern Brazil. 

Cycloramphinae

Cycloramphinae is a subfamily of leptodactylid frogs. They are found in South America.


Eleutherodactylidae

Eleutherodactylidae is a family of frogs. They used to be a subfamily of Leptodactylidae. There are 801 frogs in the family. 


Ghost frog

The ghost frog is the common name for a family of frogs of the family Heleophrynidae. The family has two genera, "Heleophryne" and "Hadromophryne". There are seven species. Ghost frogs live in swift-moving mountain streams in South Africa. The common name of "ghost frogs" may be because they live in Skeleton Gorge.

Ghost frogs are medium sized frogs, reaching a length of . They have flat bodies. This lets them climb inside rocky crevices. They have very large toe discs in comparison to their size. This helps to hold onto rocks. The mouthparts of the tadpoles are a sucking disc. This lets them hold onto the surface they live on and remain still while they are feeding.

The ghost frogs are closely related to the Sooglossidae family, which inhabit the Seychelles. They may also be closely related to the Australian Myobatrachids.

Family Heleophrynidae

Hemiphractidae

Hemiphractidae is a family of frogs. They live in South and Central America. Previously, this group was classified as a subfamily under family Hylidae. 

This frog is different in that the eggs grow into froglets on the back of the female. In most there is no free-swimming tadpole stage. In some of the frogs the eggs are in a pouch until they hatch.

The Hemiphractidae family is divided into the following genera:

Ettore Bassi

Ettore Francesco Maria Bassi (born April 16, 1970) is an Italian actor and television presenter. In 2010, it was announced that he is the successor of Kaspar Capparoni in the German-Austrian-Italian thriller series "Inspector Rex".


Shovelnose frog

The shovelnose frogs are nine species of frog in the genus, Hemisus. The is the only genus in the Family Hemisotidae. They are found in tropical and subtropical sub-Saharan Africa. 

The shovelnose frogs are medium sized frogs, reaching a length of . They are round-bodied, with short legs. Their head is small and narrow, with a hard, upturned nose. 

The shovelnose frogs are digging frogs. They live most of their life underground. The female will dig underground while it is in amplexus. It then will lay the eggs in an underground hole. The male will leave through the tunnel, and the female will stay with the eggs. Once enough rain has fallen, the female will dig, with her nose, towards a water source. The tadpoles will stay there until metamorphosis. The tadpoles may stay out of water for up to a few days. 

Unlike most digging frogs, the shovelnose frogs dig head first. Other frogs dig rear first. 

Some species are kept as pets.

Family HEMISOTIDAE


Hyperoliidae

Hyperoliidae is a family of small to medium sized, brightly colored, frogs. It has more than 250 species in 19 genera. Seventeen genera live in sub-Saharan Africa. 

Hyperoliids range from to in body length. Many species have smooth, brightly patterned, skin that almost looks enameled.

Most hyperoliids live in trees. Some live on land, including several "Kassina" species that move by walking or running rather than hopping. Diet varies widely, with examples including "Tornierella", who eats snails, and "Afrixalus fornasinii", the only land frog known to eat eggs of other species of anurans.

Breeding in this family begins at the start of the rainy season. Hyperoliids come together at breeding sites. Most hyperoliids lay their eggs in water. Tadpoles are pond type larvae with large dorsal fins on the tail.

No fossil hyperoliids are known.

Family HYPEROLIIDAE

Mantellidae

Mantellidae is a family of the order Anura. These frogs are found only in Madagascar and Mayotte.

These frogs are very different from each other. Most species live on land, though some live in trees. Body size ranges from 3 to 10 centimetres in length. The genus Mantella has many similarities with the South American poison dart frogs. 
They are small, aposematically coloured, and secrete alkaloid toxins.

Some members of this group are kept as pets due to their bright colors.

Microhylidae

Microhylidae is a family of frogs. There are 495 species in 68 genera and nine subfamilies. This is the largest number of genera of any frog family.

Microhylids are mostly small frogs. Many species have bodies shorter than in length from nose to rear end. The largest microhylids are . They can live in trees or on land. Some will even live close to water. The ground dwellers are often found under leaf litter within forests. The sometimes go out at night to hunt. There are two main shapes for the microhylids. One shape is with wide bodies and narrow mouths. The other shape is the normal frog shape. Those with narrow mouths eat termites and ants, and the others eat the same foods as other frogs.

The microhylids that live in New Guinea and Australia do not have a tadpole stage. Those who live in trees can lay the eggs in trees, and do not ever need to go to the ground. Where species do have tadpoles, these almost always do not have the teeth or horny beak like other tadpoles do.


Frogs from Microhylidae live throughout the tropical and warm temperate regions of North America, South America, Africa, eastern India, Sri Lanka, south-east Asia, through New Guinea and Australia. Although most are found in tropical or sub-tropical regions, a few species can be found in arid or non-tropical areas. They are the majority frog species in New Guinea and Madagascar.


Myobatrachidae

Myobatrachidae is a family of frogs found in Australia and New Guinea. Members of this family vary greatly in size. There are species less than long. This family also has the second-largest frog in Australia, the Giant Barred Frog at in length. The entire family either live in land or water. None of them live in trees.

These frogs do not have the adhesive toe disc cups found in the tree frogs. The family is broken up into three sub-families: Limnodynastinae, Myobatrachinae and Rheobatrachinae. This separation is based mainly on their egg-laying habits. Those of the sub-family Limnodynastinae lay foam nests. The female makes foam with a chemical on her skin. The foam may float on top of water, or be on land. The sub-family Rheobatrachinae has the two species of gastric-brooding frog, and the rest are in the sub-family Myobatrachinae.

Julianna Margulies

Julianna Margulies (born June 8, 1966) is an Emmy and Golden Globe award winning actress. She has received more Screen Actors Guild Awards than any other actress or actor. She played Carol in the long-running series "ER" and Alicia in the CBS legal drama "The Good Wife". She also performed in sitcoms and theatrical movies. She was raised in New York.

Maya Rudolph

Maya Rudolph (born July 27, 1972) is an American actress and comedian. She is the daughter of singer Minnie Riperton and music composer Richard Rudolph. She has acted in many sitcoms, including NBC's "Up all Night". She was a cast member on the NBC television program "Saturday Night Live" from 2000 to 2007. She is also the newfound "spokesperson" for M&M's candy as of January 23, 2023, as per an announcement from the company that makes M&M's.

Rudolph was raised in Santa Monica, California. She attended University of California, Santa Cruz.

Rudolph was born in Gainesville, Florida. She is the daughter of soul singer Minnie Riperton and composer/songwriter/producer Richard Rudolph. Her father is an Ashkenazi Jew. Her mother was African-American. Her paternal grandfather was Sidney Rudolph. He was a philanthropist who once owned all of the Wendy's and Rudy's restaurants in Miami-Dade County, Florida. Her parents moved to Los Angeles when she and her brother Marc were very young. They grew up in the Westwood section of Los Angeles.

Minnie Riperton

Minnie Julia Riperton Rudolph (November 8, 1947 - July 12, 1979), known professionally as Minnie Riperton, was an American singer-songwriter best known for her 1975 single "Lovin' You". She was well known for her R&B singing. She was married to songwriter and music producer Richard Rudolph from 1972 until her death in 1979. They had two children: music engineer Marc Rudolph and actress/comedienne Maya Rudolph. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. She died of breast cancer at the age of 31 on July 12, 1979. 

Riperton was born in Chicago to Thelma and Daniel Riperton, a Pullman porter. She was the youngest of eight children. She was raised in a musical family. She embraced the arts early. Although she began with ballet and modern dance, her parents recognized her vocal and musical abilities and encouraged her to pursue music and voice.

Deftones

Deftones is an American alternative metal band from Sacramento, California. Deftones has five members in the band; the current band members are Chino Moreno, Stephen Carpenter, Abe Cunningham, Frank Delgado and Sergio Vega.

The band was formed in 1988. They released their debut album "Adrenaline" on October 3, 1995. The song ""Elite"" from their third studio album, ""White Pony"" won a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 2001. The band has been noted for influencing bands like Muse, Linkin Park, Avenged Sevenfold, Seether, System of a Down, Fightstar, 10 Years as well as many other bands.

On November 4, 2008, the band's bassist Chi Cheng was involved in a car accident which seriously injured him. The band brought in another bassist named Sergio Vega to replace him during his absence. Cheng died on April 13, 2013 after his heart stopped.









Fatimah bint Sa'd

Fatimah al-Bariqi. (from Bariq of azdYemen), also known as Bariqiyyah, (born 340 CE) was the mother of Kilab’s half-brothers Taym and Yaqazah (Ibn Ishaq named her Hind bint Harithah al-Bariqiyyah and also say Asma).

Fatimah Sa'dknow as Saad Ibn Uday Ibn Haritha Ibn Amr Mazikiee Ibn Aamr bin Haritha Algtarif bin Imru al-Qais Thailb bin Mazen Ibn Al-Azd Ibn Al-Ghoth Ibn Nabit Ibn Malik bin Zaid Ibn Kahlan Ibn Saba'a ( Sheba ) Ibn Yashjub Ibn Yarab Ibn Qahtan Ibn Hud (prophet) (Eber)) .

Wilby, Norfolk

Wilby is a village in Quidenham, Breckland, Norfolk, England. It has a church called All Saints.

Minnow

Minnow is a general term used for fish which are often used as bait for fishing. Many of these fish belong the Carp family. Fish in the family Leuciscinae are often referred to as "True Minnows".

Slinky

Slinky (also known as Spring) is a toy metal spring that tumbles end over end down stairs and even "walks". It was invented by Richard James in 1943, and quickly became a bestseller. Other Slinky toys were developed such as the Slinky Dog and the Slinky Train. Company president Betty James has always kept the toy's price low so children could buy it. It originally sold for $1. Slinky has received many toy industry awards and honors over the years. Its television jingle is the longest running jingle in advertising history.

Slinky was the invention of Richard James, a mechanical engineer in the United States Navy. In 1943 he was looking for a way to lessen the vibrations that sensitive equipment endured shipboard in rough waters. An accident during his experiments led to the creation of a "walking", tumbling metal spring. Neighborhood children loved it. James's wife Betty named the toy Slinky after finding the word in a dictionary. The Jameses had 400 Slinkys made by a local machine shop. The Jameses put Slinky on display at Gimbels department store in Philadelphia in November 1945. All 400 units were sold.

The Jameses went into the Slinky business. They invented a machine that could produce a Slinky from 80 feet of steel wire within 10 seconds. A huge advertising campaign was launched in America. James showed television viewers how Slinky worked. Other Slinky toys manufactured during the 1950s were the Slinky Dog, Suzie the Slinky Worm, and a pair of eyeglasses with eyeballs dangling at the end of two Slinkys. Other companies were granted licenses to produce Slinky toys. 

The Jameses divorced. Richard became a missionary in Bolivia. Betty James moved the company to Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania in 1964. She was president of the company from 1960 to 1998. She kept the price of Slinky low so all children could afford one. The original Slinky was $1. In 2008 Slinky cost about $4. She explained the toy's appeal by saying, "It's the simplicity of it."

Very early in the production history of Slinky, Helen Malsed of Washington developed ideas for Slinky pull toys. The company liked her ideas and added Slinky Dog and Slinky Train to their line in 1952. The Slinky Dog was a small plastic dog whose front and rear ends were joined by a Slinky. Malsed received annual sums of $60,000 to $70,000 per year for 17 years for her idea. 

Slinky Dog was reworked in 1995 for Pixar's "Toy Story". James Industries had dropped their Slinky Dog from production, but Betty James liked the new Slinky Dog. She said, "[The earlier Slinky Dog] wasn't nearly as cute as this one." The dog's front and rear ends were made in China, and the Dog put together and packaged in America. The entire run of 825,000 new Slinky Dogs sold out well before Christmas 1995.

The first Slinky television commercial was shown on Miss Patty's Romper Room in 1946. Homer Fesperman and Charles Weagley wrote the Slinky television jingle in 1962. In "Timeless Toys", Tim Walsh writes that this jingle is the longest running jingle in advertising history. In 1990 "USA Today" reported that 90 percent of all adults surveyed knew the Slinky jingle. 

Slinky is a part of the Smithsonian Institution's permanent Americana exhibition. In 1999 the United States Postal Service issued a Slinky postage stamp. Slinky joined the Toy Hall of Fame in 2000. A bill to nominate the Slinky as the state toy of Pennsylvania was introduced in 2001, but not enacted. The same year, Betty James was inducted into the Toy Industry Association's Hall of Fame. In 2003, Slinky was named to the Toy Industry Association's "Century of Toys List", a roll call of the 100 most memorable and most creative toys of the twentieth century. "Orange Coast Magazine" writes, "[T]he original machines designed and engineered by [James] turn 80 feet of steel wire into a coil in only 10 seconds. Since its introduction, more than 250 million Slinkys have been sold, enough for every person in the United States to have one. Stretched out, the wire would encircle the planet more than 126 times."

Ceratiidae

Sea devils are deep-sea anglerfish of the family Ceratiidae. They are among the most widespread of the anglerfish, found in all oceans from the tropics to the Antarctic.

The females are large: females of the largest species, Krøyer's deep sea angler fish, "Ceratias holboelli", reach in length. Males, on the other hand, are dwarfed, only maximum. When these fish were first studied, the males were mistaken for parasites. Females usually have more than one male attached to them, which is a good example of polyandry.

At birth, tiny male ceratiids already have extremely well-developed olfactory organs that detect scents in the water. The male lives solely to find and mate with a female. They are significantly smaller than a female angler fish, and may have trouble finding food in the deep sea. Furthermore, the growth of the gut may stop in some species, preventing them from feeding at all. This means the male must find a female quickly to prevent death. The sensitive olfactory organs help the male detect the pheromones from female anglerfish.

When the male finds a female, he bites into her skin, and releases an enzyme. The enzyme digests the skin of his mouth and her body, fusing the pair down to the blood-vessel level. The male then slowly wastes away, first losing his digestive organs, then his brain, heart, and eyes, and ends as nothing more than a pair of gonads. The gonads release sperm in response to hormones in the female's bloodstream. This extreme sexual dimorphism makes sure that, when the female is ready to spawn, she has a mate right there. Multiple males can be incorporated into a single female.

Ceratiids are the only animals known to become chimaeras as a normal part of their life-cycle.

Chimaera (genetics)

A chimaera or chimera in biology is a single organism (usually an animal) made of two genetically distinct cells. The two types of cells may come from separate fertilised eggs or zygotes.

Chimeras that originate from distinct fertilised eggs fused together are called dispermic chimeras. When, on the other hand, the genetically distinct cell types originate from the same zygote, the organism is called a mosaic.

Dispermic chimaeras are formed from at least two fertilized eggs or early embryos fused together. Each population of cells keeps its own phenotype and the resulting organism is a mixture of the two phenotypes.

Microchimerism is a form of chimerism in which a host harbors a small set of genetically distinct cells. This often happens with blood transfusion or transplants, but also during pregnancy due to the two-way cell trafficking between the mother and the foetus.

Recently, epigenetic chimeras have been discovered in mouse models.

Germline chimerism occurs when the germ cells (for example, sperm and egg cells) of an organism are not genetically identical to its own.

Marmosets almost always give birth to fraternal twins. They may have the reproductive cells of their (fraternal) twin siblings. Placental fusion during development in the womb is what causes this.


Phil Donahue

Phil Donahue (born December 21, 1935 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American talk show host. He is best known for hosting "The Phil Donahue Show" (1970 to 1996). He has also hosted other talk shows.

Exodus International

Exodus International was a non profit and ex-gay Christian group seeking to limit homosexual desire. The group was based in Orlando, Florida. They did not perform or conduct clinical treatment, although they did have a position saying that holistic counselling approaches that can address homosexual behaviors may be beneficial. The techniques involved are abstinence, lessening of homosexual temptations and correcting distorted style of relations to the same or opposite gender. This organization was founded around 1976. It represented over 120 local ministry networks in the United States and Canada and over 150 in another 17 countries. It was closed in 2013.

Trainz

Trainz is a computer program that allows you to create your own Railway. It was developed by the Australian developer "Auran". The game comes in 3 areas: Routes, Railyard and Scenarios. Routes has 3 seperate areas inside it: Surveyor - where you can create and change Routes, driver - where you can drive along surveyor routes, and Routes - where you can see all the routes. Railyard is where you can see all your trains. Scenarios is where you can earn points by doing missions. They are different versions, The latest one is Trainz 12. The program works with Windows XP and its later versions, as well as Mac OS 10.6.8 and its later versions. 


Petropedetidae

Petropedetinae are a subfamily of frogs. 

They are placed in the true frog family (Ranidae) by many authors. Some think at least part of this group are a distinct family Petropedetidae. The Cacosterninae and Phrynobatrachinae are then separated as subfamilies. They may even be distinct families Cacosternidae and Phrynobatrachidae. Most members of this subfamily are in the genus "Phrynobatrachus". 

These frogs mostly live in sub-Saharan Africa.

This group of frogs is made up from the following genera:


Pyxicephalidae

Pyxicephalidae is a family of frogs. They are found in Sub-Saharan Africa.

Pyxicephalidae has two subfamilies, with a total of 13 genera. This family was formerly considered part of the family Ranidae.

Family PYXICEPHALIDAE

Rhacophoridae

Rhacophoridae is a family of frog species. They live in tropical regions of Asia and Africa. They are commonly known as shrub frogs. Sometimes they are called '"moss frogs" or "bush frogs". Some Rhacophoridae are called "tree frogs". Among the most spectacular members of this family are numerous "flying frogs".

Most of the species are arboreal. This may include reproducing in trees. Mating frogs, while in amplexus, hold onto a branch, and beat their legs to form a foam. The eggs are laid in the foam. They are then covered with seminal fluid. Then the foam hardens into a protective casing. In some species, this is done in a large group. The foam is laid above a water source, so the tadpoles fall into the water once they hatch.

The species in this family vary in size, from to . Like other arboreal frogs, they have toe discs. This family has the Old World flying frogs, including Wallace's flying frogs ("Rhacophorus nigropalmatus"). These frogs have extensive webbing between their hands and feet. This lets them glide through the air.


This group of frogs is related to other frogs:

Moss frog

Moss frog might mean:


Bush frog

A bush frog can be one of two types of frogs. They are found in sub-Saharan Africa and one also in Asia:


Flying frog

A flying frog is a frog that has the ability to glide. Despite its name, it does not have the ability to fly. They live their life in trees, high above the ground. 

Alfred Russel Wallace made one of the earliest reports of a flying frog. The species he observed was later described by George Albert Boulenger as "Rhacophorus nigropalmatus".

Flying frogs includes members of the following genera:

Connie Britton

Constance Elaine "Connie" Britton (born March 6, 1967) is an American movie, stage and television actress. She was nominated three times for Emmy Awards On television, she is well known for her roles as Nikki Faber on "Spin City" (1988–1991), (1996-2000), Tami Taylor on "Friday Night Lights" (2006-2011), as Vivien Harmon on "American Horror Story" (2011) and as Rayna James on "Nashville".

Adrenaline (album)

Adrenaline is the first studio album by American metal band, Deftones. "Adrenaline" was released on October 3, 1995. The album was originally known as "Communion" but was later changed to "Adrenaline". The album was ranked as #33 on music critic Piero Scaruffi's list of best metal albums of all times.

Hurricane Isaac (2012)

Hurricane Isaac was an Atlantic tropical cyclone. It killed almost two dozen people in Hispaniola in August 2012 and moved over Cuba and Haiti. Isaac then became a Category One hurricane on August 28. It hit near the southeast tip of Louisiana at 6:44 pm that day.

According to the report. Isaac was from a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on August 15.

Isaac did not become a tropical depression until August 21.

Isaac was upgraded to a tropical storm that same day as Hurricane Hunters went into the storm and found winds more then 50 mph.

Isaac made its passage along the Lesser Antilles on August 22.

On August 25 the storm made its first landfall on Haiti with winds of 70 mph.

Isaac made its second landfall on Cuba with winds around 60-65 mph on the same day.

Isaac quickly exited Cuba and went towards the Florida Keys on August 26 but even though it did made landfall. It caused heavy rain to the Keys.

Isaac became a Hurricane on August 28 and made landfall as a Category 1 Hurricane with 80 mph.

Isaac moved inland and dissipated.

Pothos

Pothos is a son of Aphrodite in Greek mythology. He is the god of sexual yearning, longing, and desire. He is was one of the winged love gods, known as Erotes.

Sooglossidae

The Sooglossidae (Seychelles frogs) are a family of frogs. They are found on the Seychelles Islands and India.

All of the species are small land frogs, about in length. They hide under fallen leaves or in rock crevices. They lay their eggs on moist ground, rather than in water. One species lacks tadpoles, with the eggs hatching directly into froglets. The others carry the tadpoles on their back until metamorphosis.

The family was first described in 1931 by Gladwyn Kingsley Noble (1894–1940).

Strabomantidae

Strabomantidae is a family of frogs. They live in South America. These frogs do not have a free-living larval stage. They hatch directly into miniature "froglets".



Purple frog

The purple frog ("Nasikabatrachus sahyadrensis") is a frog species in the family Sooglossidae. It lives in the Western Ghats in India. Common names for this species are Indian purple frog, pignose frog or doughnut frog. It was discovered by S.D. Biju and F. Bossyut in October 2003. 

This frog's body is shaped similarly to that of most frogs. It is somewhat rounded. It has a small head and an unusual pointed snout. Adults are typically dark purple in color. Its cry sounds more like one from a chicken.

The frog spends most of the year underground. It comes out only for about two weeks, during the monsoon. This is to mate. 

Unlike many other digging species of frogs that feed above the ground, this species eats underground. They feed mainly on termites using their tongue. 

The purple frog has one close relative, Bhupathy's purple frog, which also lives in the Western Ghats.

The purple frog starts off living their life at the base of land, but as they get older their bone structure morphs into a structure that becomes efficient for digging into dirt. This allows them to live a majority of their lives underground. Males will rarely come to the surface for mating purposes.

Scientists say that because the purple frog and Bhupathy's purple frog have close relatives in the Seychelles, which are close to Africa, it is likely that the Gondwanaland idea of why the continents are where they are is right. This idea says that Africa and India used to be one large continent, called Gondwanaland.

Jody Watley

Jody Vanessa Watley (born 30 January 1959) is an American singer. Her songs cross multiple genres. She was very popular in the late 1980s. She recorded and performed numerous songs related to dance-pop. She was born in Chicago.

Along with Janet Jackson and Madonna, she is one of MTV Video Music Awards most nominated female artists ever. She had six nominations for her ‘Real Love’ video. 

Watley has sold over 50 million albums and singles Worldwide. 
In 2008, she received a Lifetime Achievement Award from "Billboard" magazine.

The Grammy Awards are awarded each year by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences.

The American Music Awards is a yearly awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973. 

The MTV Video Music Awards were started in 1984 by MTV to celebrate the top music videos of the year. 
The Soul Train Music Awards is a yearly award show. They honor the best in African American music and entertainment. 
The "Billboard" Music Awards are sponsored by "Billboard" magazine. They are to honor artists based on "Billboard" Year-End Charts. The award ceremony was held from 1990 to 2007. Before and after that time span, winners have been announced by "Billboard", both in the press and as part of their year-end issue. The award returned in 2011.

List of cities in El Salvador

This is a list of populated places in El Salvador.

Over 100,000 Development Indor a High Human ex, and a high urbanization. 
AMSS = San Salvador Metropolitan Area


Over 50,000, medium to low urbanization, or departmental capital.


List of cities in Equatorial Guinea

This is a list of cities in Equatorial Guinea It includes all settlements with a population over 1,000.


List of cities in Eritrea

This is a list of cities in Eritrea by population. It includes all settlements with a population of over 5,000.

List of settlements in Estonia

The following is a list of cities and towns in Estonia. Many of these locations have been known, mostly before 1918, by their German or Russian names. Sometimes these are quite different from the Estonian ones. 

<nowiki>*</nowiki> the town is not its own municipality, but has instead united with a parish.

List of settlements in Ethiopia

This is a list of cities and towns in Ethiopia:

Kim (song)

"Kim" is a song by Eminem, released in 2000. The song appears on his third studio album, "The Marshall Mathers LP".

The song is about Eminem's anger towards his then-wife Kim Mathers. The song portrays Eminem screaming at and then murdering his wife Kim. He also murders her husband and her stepson. The song features the drum sample from the song "When the Levee Breaks" by Led Zeppelin.

Eminem performed the song at a concert in Detroit, Michigan while abusing a blow-up doll that was dressed up to look like her on stage. Kim saw the performance and later after the show ended, she tried to commit suicide by slashing her wrists. She would later sue Eminem for defamation because of the song.

List of settlements in Finland

This is a list of towns in Finland.

List of cities in French Polynesia

The following is a list of cities in French Polynesia:

By division:






List of cities in Gabon

This is a list of cities and towns in Gabon:

List of cities in The Gambia

This is a list of cities in Gambia.

List of settlements in Georgia (country)

The following list of Georgian cities is divided into three separate lists. There is one for Georgia itself, and the disputed territories of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. 

This is a list of the cities and towns in Georgia.

This is a list of the largest cities and towns in Abkhazia. 

This is a list of the largest cities and towns in South Ossetia. 


List of settlements in Ghana

This is a list of the largest cities and towns in the Republic of Ghana.

List of cities in Greece

The list below is of the municipalities of Greece with more than 10,000 people. The data is from the 2001 census. 

Explanation of the superscript numbers:


List of cities in Grenada

This is a list of cities and towns in Grenada.

List of places in Guatemala

This is a list of places in Guatemala.

Population is based on the 2002 census.



List of cities in Guinea

This is a list of cities and towns in Guinea.

List of cities in Guinea-Bissau

This is a list of cities in Guinea-Bissau. All places with a population of over 5,000 are included.


List of cities in Haiti

This is a list of cities in Haiti. 

List of cities in Honduras

This a list of cities in Honduras. Population is based on the 2013 and 2023 (1-9) estimates.

List of towns in Hong Kong

The following is a list of cities, towns and new towns in Hong Kong.

List of settlements in Hungary

Hungary has 3152 localities as of July 1, 2009. 

The largest city is the capital, Budapest. The smallest town is Pálháza with 1038 inhabitants (2010). The largest village is Solymár (population: 10,123 as of 2010). There are more than 100 villages with fewer than 100 people while the smallest villages have fewer than 20 inhabitants.

Anastasius

Anastasius is a male given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ an-"uh"-stey-sh"uh"s, -shee-"uh"s ]. It is from the Greek "" ("anastasis") meaning "resurrection". Its female form is Anastasia. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).







Pope Anastasius I

Pope Saint Anastasius I (; died 401) was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 39th Pope from 399 until his death in 401. 

Anastasius was born in Rome, but little is known about his early life. His father's name was Maximus.

Before Anastasius became a priest, he fathered a son who later became Pope Innocent I.

Anastasius was elected pope in 399.

He best known for being against the thinking and writings of Origen. In 400 he called a council to discuss them. The council agreed that Origen was not faithful to the Catholic Church.

After Anastasius, it became traditional for priests to stand and bow their head as they read from the gospels.

During his reign, Anastasius encouraged Catholics in North Africa.

He is buried in the Catacomb of Pontian.

Pope Anastasius was praised by Augustine of Hippo and St Jerome.



Pope Anastasius II

Pope Anastasius II (; died 16 November 498) was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 50th Pope from 496 until his death in 498. 

Anastasius was born in Rome.

Anastasius was elected pope on November 24, 496.
Anastasius II was pontiff during a time of controversy involving Patriarch Acacius of Constantinople Anastasius died in 498 at the height of the crisis.

In the "Divine Comedy", Dante placed this pope in Hell.



Pope Anastasius III

Pope Anastasius III (; died June 913) was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 121st Pope from 911 until his death in 913. 

Anastasius was born in Rome.

Anastasius was elected pope in 911. He was pope during a period when Rome and the Papacy were in the power of the Theophylact family.

He was active in developing the dioceses of Germany. 

He was buried in St. Peter's Basilica.


Pope Anastasius

Pope Anastasius may mean:

Acceleration due to gravity

The acceleration which is gained by an object because of gravitational force is called its acceleration due to gravity. Its SI unit is m/s. Acceleration due to gravity is a vector, which means it has both a magnitude and a direction. The acceleration due to gravity at the surface of Earth is represented by the letter "g". It has a standard value defined as . However, the actual acceleration of a body in free fall varies with location.

Isaac Newton worked out that resultant force equals mass times acceleration, or in symbols, formula_1. This can be re-arranged to give formula_2.
The bigger the mass of the falling object, the greater the force of gravitational attraction pulling it towards Earth. In the equation above, this is formula_3. However, the amount of times the force gets bigger or smaller is equal to the number of times the mass gets bigger or smaller, having the ratio remain constant. In every situation, the formula_4 cancels down to the uniform acceleration of around 9.8 m/s. This means that, regardless of their mass, all freely falling objects accelerate at the same rate.

Consider the following examples:

formula_5

formula_6

Depending on the location, an object at the surface of Earth falls with an acceleration between .

Earth is not exactly spherical. It is similar to a "squashed" sphere, with the radius at the equator slightly larger than the radius at the poles. This has the effect of slightly increasing gravitational acceleration at the poles (since we are close to the centre of Earth and the gravitational force depends on distance) and slightly decreasing it at the equator. Also, because of centripetal acceleration, the acceleration due to gravity is slightly less at the equator than at the poles. Changes in the density of rock under the ground or the presence of mountains nearby can affect gravitational acceleration slightly.

The acceleration of an object changes with altitude. The change in gravitational acceleration with distance from the centre of Earth follows an inverse-square law. This means that gravitational acceleration is inversely proportional to the square of the distance from the centre of Earth. As the distance is doubled, the gravitational acceleration decreases by a factor of 4. As the distance is tripled, the gravitational acceleration decreases by a factor of 9, and so on.

At the surface of the Earth, the acceleration due to gravity is roughly . The average distance to the centre of the Earth is .

Using the constant formula_10, we can work out gravitational acceleration at a certain altitude.

Example: Find the acceleration due to gravity above Earth's surface.

∴ Distance from centre of Earth is .

∴ Acceleration due to gravity above Earth's surface is .

Gravitational acceleration at the Kármán line, the boundary between Earth's atmosphere and outer space which lies at an altitude of , is only about 3% lower than at sea level.

Pope Anastasius IV

Pope Anastasius IV (; c.1073–3 December 1154), born Corrado di Suburra, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the 169th Pope from 1153 until his death in 1154.
Corrado di Suburra was born in Rome. He was the son of Benedetto di Suburra. 
In 1127, della Suburra was made cardinal-bishop of Sabina.

Anastasius was elected pope in July 1153. He is known for helping to settle a controversy between the Holy Roman Emperor and the Bishop of Magdeburg in Germany.

The Pantheon in Rome was restored while he was pope.

The pope died on 3 December 1154. 



WWE 2K

WWE 2K series is a series of video games that are developed by Yuke's and Visual Concepts and are published by 2K Sports. The video games are based on the professional wrestling company WWE.

The series was first known as "WWF/WWE SmackDown!" from 2000 to 2004 and then was changed to "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw" in 2004. The title was changed to simply "WWE" in 2011 with the release of WWE '12. The "WWE" title was used for WWE '12 and WWE '13 and was changed to "WWE 2K" when Take Two Interactive acquired the publishing rights for the series from THQ. In Japan, the series was known as "Exciting Pro Wrestling" until 2005. The series has gained positive reviews over the years and is one of the best-selling video game franchises. 

The series was published by THQ from 2000 to 2013 before THQ filed for bankruptcy on December 19, 2012. THQ's assets were auctioned off and the WWE video game's publishing rights were acquired by Take Two Interactive (Parent company of 2K Games).


Jerry Nelson

Jerry L. Nelson (July 10, 1934 – August 23, 2012) was an American puppeteer. He was best known for his work with "The Muppets". He was known for his wide range of characters and singing abilities. He performed Muppet characters on "Sesame Street", "The Muppet Show", "Fraggle Rock", and various Muppet movies and specials. 

Nelson was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He worked as a puppeteer from 1965 until 2011. He died on August 23, 2012 from complications of prostate cancer in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. Nelson also suffered emphysema and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). He was 78 years old.

James Cromwell

James Oliver Cromwell (born January 27, 1940) is an American movie and television actor. He is mostly known for his roles in "Babe", for which he earned a nomination for an Academy Award of Best Supporting Actor, "Clear and Present Danger", "", "L.A. Confidential", "The Green Mile", ", "The Sum of All Fears", "The Queen", "The Artist", "Big Hero 6" and "". Cromwell is also known for his television role in "Six Feet Under" that ran from 2003 until 2005. He has been nominated for an Academy Award, three Emmy Awards, and four Screen Actors Guild Awards during his 39-year career.

Cromwell is also known for his height which is 6 ft and 7 in., this makes Cromwell the tallest actor to receive an Academy Award nomination. Cromwell won his first Emmy Award in 2013.

Cromwell was born on January 27, 1940 in Los Angeles, California to Kay Johnson and John Cromwell. He was raised in Manhattan, New York. Cromwell was educated at Middlebury College and at Carnegie Mellon University.

Cromwell was married to Anne Ulvestad from 1976 until they divorced in 1986, they had three children. Lastly he married Julie Cobb from 1986 until they divorced in 2005. He currently lives in Studio City, Los Angeles, California.

He supported the presidential campaign of Bernie Sanders in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.


Ralph McQuarrie

Ralph Angus McQuarrie (June 13, 1929 – March 3, 2012) was an American costume designer and illustrator. He designed the original "Star Wars" trilogy, the original "Battlestar Galactica" TV series, "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" and "Cocoon", for which he won an Academy Award. 

McQuarrie was born on June 13, 1929 in Gary, Indiana, a suburb close to Chicago, Illinois. He was raised in Billings, Montana. He was educated at the Art Center School. McQuarrie was married to Joan Benjamin from 1983 until his death in 2012. McQuarrie died on March 3, 2012 in Berkeley, California from Parkinson's disease, he was 82 years old.



Bernard Lovell

Sir Alfred Charles Bernard Lovell (31 August 19136 August 2012) was an English physicist and radio astronomer. He was the first Director of Jodrell Bank Observatory, from 1945 to 1980. Lovell is mostly known for his works in astronomy. Lovell was knighted in 1961, later becoming "Sir". 

Lovell was born on August 31, 1913 in Oldland Common, Bristol, England to Gilbert and to Luara Lovell. Lovell was educated at King's Oak Academy. Lovell was never married and had no children. 

Lovell died on August 6, 2012 in Swettenham, Cheshire, England from natural causes, he was just 25 days short from his 99th birthday, he was 98 years old.


Superman Returns

Superman Returns is a 2006 superhero movie. It is based on the DC Comics superhero Superman and his archenemy Lex Luthor. The movie was directed by Bryan Singer. It was produced by Bryan Singer, Gilbert Adler, and Jon Peters.

The movie stars include Brandon Routh, Kevin Spacey, Kate Bosworth, James Marsden, Parker Posey, Frank Langella, Sam Huntington, Eva Marie Saint, Kal Penn, and James Karen (deleted scenes).

It also includes a computer-generated image scene of Marlon Brando, who died in 2004. "Superman Returns" was released on June 28, 2006. The movie used John Williams' original score from the original movie.

Ba'ath Party

The Ba'ath Party is a political party started in Syria in 1947. The word Ba’ath is an Arabic word which means ‘resurrection and renaissance’. The name refers to the main intention of the party which is ‘Arab unity and freedom from non-Arab control and domination’. Baʿthism calls for the Arab world to be a single state.

The Ba’ath Party was set up by Michel Aflaq (1910-1989) a Christian and Salah al-Din al-Bitar (1912-1980) a Sunni Muslim. Their political vision was a mixture of Arab nationalism, Arab socialism, and anti-imperialism. By 1945, the Baathists decided to register their party to become an official party, but their application was rejected by the French mandate which administrated Syria. The theme ‘unity’ became an inspiration for Lebanon, Jordan and other Arab countries in 1948-1951. The connection for Arab nationalism became attractive and popular and Baatism spread out all over the Arab region. The Arab Baʿth Party merged with the Arab Socialist Movement, led by Akram al-Hawrani, in 1952 to form the Arab Socialist Baʿth Party. This was a relative success. It became the second-largest party in the Syrian parliament in the 1954 election. This and the increasing strength of the Syrian Communist Party led to the establishment of the United Arab Republic, a union of Egypt and Syria, in 1958.

After the attack of 1956 in Egypt by Britain, France and Israel, Iraqis realized how cruel these invaders are and that they no longer can’t stay on the side of the British. This bitter awareness was a seed to the Iraqi revolution by the youngsters. Hafaz al-Assad (1930-2000) was the ruler of the Ba’ath Party in Syria and Saddam Hussein (1937-2006) was the ruler of the Ba’ath Party in Iraq. The Ba’ath Party was active in Syria and Iraq after military coups in 1963. 

The Ba’ath party wanted to create unity among Arabs. The ideology of socialism for the Ba’ath Party was social justice for the poor and underprivileged. The slogan was: ‘Unity, Freedom, Socialism’ and ‘One Arab Nation with an Immortal Mission’. The Ba’ath Party was the first Arab political party with pan-Arabist goals. Pan-Arabism is a theory that Arab people and nations should be united, or a movement to achieve such unity. The main goals of Pan-Arabism are that every Arab seeks independence from imperialism and thus creates unity within the Arab community. Since there were common problems related to Western imperialism, the Arabs could come to a compromise to work on this. 



Frank Langella

Frank A. Langella, Jr. (born January 1, 1938) is an American stage and movie actor. He won a Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Play for his role as Richard Nixon in the play "Frost/Nixon" (2006), and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for the same role in the 2008 movie adaptation. He often plays villains and unsympathetic characters, but he has also played sympathetic characters. 

Langella is also known for his other movie appearances, including "Dave", "Superman Returns", "Masters of the Universe", "The Caller", "The Beast", "House of D", "The Box", "Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps", "Unknown" and "Robot & Frank". 

Langella was born in Bayonne, New Jersey. He attended Syracuse University. He married Ruth Weil from 1977 to 1996. They have two children, Frank III and Sarah. He was partners with Whoopi Goldberg from 1996 to 2001.


Tuesday Weld

Tuesday Weld (born August 27 1943) is an American movie and television actress. She began her acting career as a child. She has acted in many television programs and movies. 

Weld was born Susan Ker Weld in New York City. After her father died, her mother put her to work as a child model. Weld's first acting job was on television at age 12. She was in a movie the same year with a small role in the 1956 Alfred Hitchcock crime drama, "The Wrong Man". The pressures of her career, however, resulted in a nervous breakdown at age nine, alcoholism by age 12, and a suicide attempt around the same time.

Weld's mother did not like her teenage daughter's affairs with older men, such as actor John Ireland. In 1961, she had an off-screen romance with Elvis Presley, her costar in "Wild in the Country".

Weld has been married three times. 

She was married to screenwriter Claude Harz, from 1965 until their divorce in 1971. They had a daughter, Natasha, in 1966. 

She married British actor, musician, and comedian Dudley Moore in 1975. In 1976 they had a son, Patrick. He is now an actor, director, and editor. They divorced in 1980. In 1985 she married Israeli concert violinist and conductor Pinchas Zukerman. They divorced in 1998.

Russell Scott

Russell Scott (June 30, 1921 - August 27, 2012), also known as Blinky the Clown, was an American clown, stage, and entertainer who starred in a Denver, Colorado television program called "Blinky's Fun Club" from 1958 until the show was cancelled in 1998. Scott was also a stage actor and performed in the South Broadway theatre in Denver, Colorado.

Scott was born in Enid, Oklahoma on June 30, 1921. Scott was never married and had no children. Scott died on August 27, 2012 in a hospital in Morrison, Colorado from complications of pneumonia, he was 91 years old.

Cindy Williams

Cynthia Jane "Cindy" Williams (August 22, 1947 – January 25, 2023) was an American movie and television actress. She starred in many television series and movies. She is best known for starring in the television sitcom "Laverne & Shirley" (1976 to 1982) and playing Laurie in the 1973 movie "American Graffiti". 

After a brief illness, Williams died in Los Angeles on January 25, 2023, at the age of 75.



Yumi Obe

Obe was born in Sakaiminato on February 15, 1975. She joined Nikko Securities Dream Ladies in 1991. She was selected Young Player Awards in 1991 and Best Eleven for 4 years in a row (1995-1998). The club also won Nadeshiko League championship for 3 years in a row (1996-1998). However, the club was disbanded in 1998 due to financial strain. She moved to OKI FC Winds in 1999. But the club was disbanded end of season. She moved to YKK Tohoku Ladies SC Flappers (later "TEPCO Mareeze"). End of 2006 season, she retired. She was selected Best Eleven total 7 times in her career.

On August 21, 1991, when Obe was 16 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against China. She was a member of Japan for 1991, 1995, 2003 World Cup, 1996 and 2004 Summer Olympics. She played at 1993, 1995, 1997, 1999, 2001, 2003 AFC Championship, 1998 and 2002 Asian Games. She played 85 games and scored 6 goals for Japan until 2004. She was also the captain.

At TEPCO Mareeze, when Obe was a player, club manager Takahiro Kimura end of 2006 Nadeshiko League season in November. She managed as playing manager in 2006 Empress's Cup in December.

List of current United States governors

The following is a list of the current governors of the states and territories of the United States. there were 27 Republicans and 23 Democrats holding the office of governor in the states. There are 4 Democrats and 1 Republican (one is also a member of the New Progressive Party) as governor of United States Territories and Mayor of the District of Columbia.

In the table below, Next Election means the year the governor's term ends. The current term ends in January of the given year for every state except Alaska, Hawaii, and Kentucky, where the term ends in December of the year of election. When the table has (term limits) after the year it means that the current governor cannot seek re-election in that year. If the table has (retiring) it means that the current governor has said they will not seek re-election at the end of the term or to run for another office.

The longest serving incumbent U.S. governor is Jay Inslee of Washington, having served since January 16, 2013, and the most recently inaugurated governor is Jeff Landry of Louisiana, having served since January 8, 2024. Alabama governor Kay Ivey (born 1944) is the oldest governor, and Arkansas governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders (born 1982) is the youngest. 

The following hold the gubernatorial offices of the United States territories.

Notes

Michelle Rodriguez

Michelle Rodriguez (born July 12, 1978 near San Antonio, Texas) is an American movie and television actress who has starred in numerous television programs and movies. She began with "Girlfight" in 2000 and continued with other notable movies, such as "Avatar" and "Machete".

Rodriguez is bisexual.

Matteo Brancaleoni

Matteo Brancaleoni (pronounced branka-leeonee) is an Italian contemporary pop/jazz singer, actor and journalist.







Myocheong

Myo Cheong (Hangul: 묘청, Hanja:妙淸, ?-1135) was a Korean Buddhist monk, politician, and philosopher during the Goryeo Dynasty. His other name was Jungshim. 

Myo cheong was from Pyongyang. Although he was a Buddhist, he performed divination and prophecy.


Jason Priestley

Jason Priestley (born August 28, 1969) is a Canadian-American actor, producer and director who has acted in numerous television programs. He played Brandon Walsh in the television series "Beverly Hills, 90210". He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. He became an American citizen in 2007.

Papal name

A papal name is a special name (regnal name) which is chosen by the pope when he is elected. 

In the early church, popes were known by their ordinary names, such as Pope Adeodatus, Pope Formosus and Pope Hyginus.

The practice of choosing a papal name started in the sixth century. At birth, Pope John II was named after the Roman god Mercury. When he was elected pope, he chose to be called by a Christian name.

Papal names became customary in the 10th century. In 996, the first German pope was chosen; and he changed his name from Bruno to Gregory. He is known as Pope Gregory V.

Every pope since the 16th century is known by a different name than the one he was given at birth.
The papal names have included John (23 times), Gregory (16), Clement (14), Innocent (13), Leo (13) and Pius (12). 

The first papal name to be repeated was Pope Sixtus. There have been four others.

As with kings and emperors, a Roman numeral is added if the Pope chooses a name that another pope has used before -- for example, Pope John Paul II decided to be known by the same name as the pope who came before him.



Pope John Paul

Pope John Paul may mean:


Richard Jenkins

Richard Dale Jenkins (born May 4, 1947) is an American Academy Award-nominated television, stage, voice, and movie actor who has appeared in many movies such as; "The Visitor", "The Cabin in the Woods", "Eddie", "Fun with Dick and Jane", "Blue Steel", "Wolf", "The Mod Squad", "Killing Them Softly", "" and "The Shape of Water". In television, he is known for his role in "Six Feet Under".

Jenkins was born in DeKalb, Illinois on May 4, 1947. Jenkins was educated at Illinois Wesleyan University. Jenkins is currently married to Sharon R. Friedrick since 1969, they have 2 children together. Jenkins currently lives in Cumberland, Rhode Island.

James Fox

James Fox, also known as William Fox (born 19 May 1939) is a British television, stage, and movie actor, who has appeared in over 100 television programmes and over 50 movies in his 62 year career. Fox is best known for his roles in "Sexy Beast", "The Lost World", and "Patriot Games". In the U.S. he is mostly known for his role as Mr. Salt in Tim Burton's "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory".

Fox was born in London, England on 19 May 1939. Fox has an elder brother, actor Edward Fox, and a younger brother, movie producer Robert Fox. His grandfather was playwright Frederick Lonsdale. 

Fox has been married to Mary Elizabeth Piper since 1973, they have five children - the middle child is actor Laurence Fox. His son-in-law is actor and comedian Richard Ayoade. His daughter-in-law is actress Billie Piper. His sister-in-law is actress Joanna David. His niece is actress Emilia Fox. His nephew is actor Freddie Fox.

Vincent Pastore

Vincent Pastore (born July 14, 1946) is an American television, radio, voice, and movie actor, mostly known for his role as a mobster and also best known for his role as Salvatore "Big Pussy" Bonpensiero in the hit show "The Sopranos". He began his career 1988 and had a small part in the 1990 movie "Goodfellas".

Pastore was born in The Bronx, New York City, New York on July 14, 1946. Pastore was educated at Pace University. Pastore was married to Nancy Berke until they divorced, they had one child. Pastore currently lives in City Island, New York.


Nick Punto

Nicholas Paul Punto (born November 8, 1977) is an American major league baseball player. He plays for the Los Angeles Dodgers. Punnto was born in San Diego, California. He used to play for the Boston Red Sox.


June Foray

June Foray (born June Lucille Forer; September 18, 1917 – July 26, 2017) was an American television, stage, radio, movie, and voice actress. She was mostly known for making the voice of Rocky the Flying Squirrel and Granny in all of the Looney Tunes shows or movies.

Foray has also made the voice of Cindy Lou Who, Jokey Smurf, Lucifer the cat, and Witch Hazel. She received a Daytime Emmy Award and an Annie Award. She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her voice work.

Foray was born in Springfield, Massachusetts on September 18, 1917. She was educated at the Classical High School. She was married to Hobart Donovan from 1954 until his death in 1976. They had no children.

Foray helped create the Best Animated Feature category of the Academy Awards.

On July 26, 2017, Foray died at a hospital in Los Angeles, California of cardiac arrest. She was 99 years old.

Terence Stamp

Terence Henry Stamp (born 22 July 1938) is a British movie, voice, television, and stage actor who has appeared in over 100 movies such as; "The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert", "Superman II", "Get Smart","The Haunted Mansion", "", "Valkyrie", "Yes Man", and "Wanted". Stamp has been awarded a Golden Globe Award, Silver Bear Award, and a Satellite Award. He has acted in over 100 films.

Stamp was born in Stepney, London. In the 1960s he and supermodel girlfriend Jean Shrimpton were one of the most photographed couples of the day. Another of his famous girlfriends was Julie Christie. Later, Stamp became a follower of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, and lived for a while at the latter's ashram (~estate) in Poona.

At 64, Stamp married 29 year old Elizabeth O'Rourke in 2002. The couple divorced in 2008. 


Jonathan Pryce

Sir Jonathan Pryce, CBE (born John Price on 1 June 1947) is a Welsh movie, television, stage and voice actor. He has appeared in many movie, television programs, and plays during his 42 year career.

Pryce is mostly known for his roles as Elliot Carver in "Tomorrow Never Dies", Sam Lowry in "Brazil", King James I/VI of England in "The New World", Juan Perón in "Evita", Govenor Weatherby Swann in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" Movie Series, "U.S. President" in both "G.I. Joe the Rise of Cobra", and in "G.I. Joe Retaliation". In 2019, he played Pope Francis in the Netflix movie "The Two Popes", a role which earned him an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.

Pryce was born in Holywell, Flintshire, Wales on 1 June 1947. He studied at the Royal Academy of the Dramatic Arts. He was raised in London, England. Pryce is currently married to Kate Fahy since 1974.


Richard Griffiths

Richard Thomas Griffiths, OBE (31 July 1947 – 28 March 2013) was a British movie, stage, television, Actor and Voice actor. He appeared in many movies, plays, and television programs.

Griffiths is mostly known for his roles as Harry Potter's Uncle Vernon Dursley in the "Harry Potter" movie series, Uncle Monty in "Withnail and I", Henry Crabbe in "Pie in the Sky", and as King George II in "". He won a Laurence Olivier Award, a Drama Desk Award, and a Tony Award.

Griffiths was born in Thornaby-on-Tees, North Riding of Yorkshire, England on 31 July 1947. He lived in Manchester, England during his early adulthood. He was raised as Roman Catholic. His parents were both deaf, and he learned sign language at an early age so that he could communicate with them.

During his childhood he tried to run away from home many times. He dropped out of Our Lady & St Bede School in Stockton-on-Tees at age 15. Griffiths was educated at Stockton & Billingham College and at Manchester School of Theatre.

Griffiths' movie roles were in: "Gorky Park" (1983), "Withnail and I" (1987), "King Ralph" (1991), "" (1991), "Guarding Tess" (1994) and "Sleepy Hollow" (1999). Later, he played Harry Potter's cruel uncle Vernon Dursley in the "Harry Potter movie series" ("Sorcerer's Stone", "Chamber of Secrets", "Prisoner of Azkaban", "Order of the Phoenix", and "Deathly Hallows Part 1".)

Griffiths appeared as King George II in 2011's "". He appeared in the first episode of the television series "Episodes" as Julian Bullard.

Griffiths once got a standing ovation after ejecting a female audience member from his "West End" play. Her ringtone sounded for the third time during Griffiths play.

In April 2012, Griffiths starred, with Danny DeVito, in a revival of the Neil Simon play "The Sunshine Boys". The show was played at the Savoy Theatre from 27 April 2012, opening on 17 May and playing a limited 12-week season until 28 July.

Griffiths was married to Heather Gibson from 1980 until his death in 2013. He had no children.

Griffiths died on 28 March 2013 during heart surgery in Coventry, West Midlands, England, aged 65. Many reactions were posted on Twitter after his death. Some were from Daniel Radcliffe, Warwick Davis, and Richard E. Grant. His funeral took place at Holy Trinity Church in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire on 9 April 2013, with over four hundred mourners, including Daniel Radcliffe, Alan Bennett, Michael Palin, Richard E. Grant, Jack Whitehall and Judi Dench.

He was awarded an honorary degree from Teesside University in 2006 and was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2008 New Year Honours.


Ann Romney

Ann Lois Romney (née Davies born on April 16, 1949) is the wife of the Republican Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney. She was the First Lady of the State of Massachusetts when he was Governor. She was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Jim Nabors

James Thurston "Jim" Nabors (June 12, 1930 – November 30, 2017) was an American singer, television, and movie actor. He was best known for his role as Gomer Pyle on the TV programs "The Andy Griffith Show" and "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." Nabors was the host of two programs. They were "The Jim Nabors Hour" and "The Jim Nabors Show".

Nabors was also a guest star in "The Steve Allen Show", "The Danny Kaye Show", "The Muppet Show" and "The Carol Burnett Show". He won a Golden Raspberry Award for his role as Lugs Harvey in the movie "Stroker Ace".

Nabors was born in Sylacauga, Alabama on June 12, 1930. Nabors was educated at the University of Alabama.

There was a rumor that Nabors was married to Rock Hudson, the rumor was later denied. Nabors only said that he and Hudson were only "special friends."

Since 1975, Nabors lived with his partner Stan Cadwallader in Honolulu, Hawaii. A month after same-sex marriage became legal, Nabors married Cadwallader on January 29, 2013. In the early morning of November 30, 2017, Nabors died peacefully at his home in Honolulu. He was 87 years old.


Re'em Ha'Cohen

Rabbi Re'em Ha'Cohen (, born in March 10, 1957) is an Israeli Rabbi. Ha'Cohen is the rosh yeshiva of Yeshivat Otniel (together with Rabbi Binyamin Kalmanzon). He is a well-known religious zionist. He is also the community rabbi of the town Otniel, which is in South Mount Hebron, in the occupied Palestinian territories.

Ha'Cohen grew up in Jerusalem. He is married to Noa and a father of 9 children.

Ha'Cohen holds that smoking is forbidden by the Jewish religion. He also believes that Jewish law says people should be organ donors.


Harp seal

The harp seal ("Pagophilus groenlandicus"), also known as the saddleback seal or Greenland seal, is a species of earless seal. They live in the northernmost Atlantic Ocean and parts of the Arctic Ocean. It now belongs to the monotypic genus "Pagophilus". Its scientific name, "Pagophilus groenlandicus", means "ice-lover from Greenland".

The harp seal has a black face with silvery-gray body. Its eyes are pure black. It has black harp or wishbone-shaped markings on the back. They show little sexual dimorphism. This means there is little difference between the males and females. The baby harp seal (pup) has a yellow-white coat at birth. After three days, the coat turns white and stays white for about 12 days. Adult harp seals grow up to be 1.7 to 2.0 m (5 to 6 feet) long and weigh from 140 to 190 kg (300 to 400 pounds).

Harp seals like to swim in the ocean. They spend little time on land. They are very social animals. They can be very noisy, as well. They will form large colonies where they spend a great deal of time. Many harp seals are able to live up to 30 years in the wild.

On the ice, pups call their mothers by "bawling" and "mumble" while playing with others. Adults "growl" and "warble" to warn off others. Underwater, adults use more than 19 call types during courting and mating.

Females mature sexually at age five to six. Then each year, they bear one pup. This is usually in late February.

Newborn pups weigh around and are long. After birth, the mother only feeds that pup. During the 12 day nursing period, the mother does not eat. She loses up to per day. Harp seal milk has up to 48% fat, so pups gain over per day.

Weaning is sudden. The mother turns from nursing to promiscuous mating. She leaves the pup behind on the ice. While courtship starts on the ice, mating usually takes place in the water.

Pups are unable to swim or find food until seven to eight weeks old or until the ice melts. This leaves them open to polar bears and other predators. Because they cannot eat, they lose up to 50% of their weight. As many as 30% of pups die during their first year.

Ringed seal

The ringed seal ("Pusa hispida"), also known as the jar seal and as netsik or nattiq by the Inuit, is an earless seal. They live in the Arctic and sub-Arctic areas. The ringed seal is a small seal. They are rarely greater than 1.5 m in length. 

They have a distinctive patterning of dark spots surrounded by light grey rings. It is the most abundant and wide-ranging ice seal in the northern hemisphere. The live throughout the Arctic Ocean, into the Bering Sea and Okhotsk Sea as far south as the northern coast of Japan in the Pacific, and throughout the North Atlantic coasts of Greenland and Scandinavia as far south as Newfoundland, and include two freshwater subspecies in northern Europe. Ringed seals are one of the main prey of polar bears. They have long been a part of the diet of indigenous people of the Arctic.

The ringed seal is the smallest and most common seal in the Arctic. They have a small head, short cat-like snout, and a plump body. Their coat is dark with silver rings on their back and sides with a silver belly. Depending on subspecies and condition, adult size can range from 100 to 175 cm (40-69 in) and weigh from 32 to 140 kg (70-308 lbs). The seal averages about 5 ft (1.5 m) long with a weight of about 50–70 kg (110-150 lbs). Their small front flippers have claws more than 1 inch (2.5 cm) thick that are used to make breathing holes through 6.5 ft (2 m) thick ice.

Ringed seals live throughout the Arctic Ocean. They can be found in the Baltic Sea, the Bering Sea and the Hudson Bay. They like to rest on ice floe and will move farther north for denser ice. One subspecies can be found in freshwater.

Females reach sexual maturity at 4 years. Males do not reach maturity until 7 years old. During the spring breeding season, females make lairs in the thick ice and give birth in these structures. Females give birth to a single pup in March or April after a 9 month gestation period. Pups are weaned after one month. They build up a thick layer of blubber.

Females usually begin mating in late April. Males will roam the ice for a mate. When found, the male and female may spend several days together before mating. Then the male looks for another mate.

Ringed seals live about 25 to 30 years. They are solitary animals. They separate themselves from each other by hundreds of yards.

Ringed seals eat a wide variety of small prey. They eat 72 species of fish and invertebrates. Their prey of choice includes mysids, shrimp, arctic cod, and herring. While feeding, ringed seals dive to depths of 35 to 150 ft (10–45 m). In the summer ringed seals feed along edge of the sea-ice for polar cod. In shallow water they feed on smaller cod. Ringed seals may also eat herring, smelt, whitefish, sculpin, perch, and crustaceans.

Ringed seal are an important food item in particular for polar bears. During the pupping season, arctic fox and glaucous gulls take ringed seal pups born outside lairs. Killer whales, Greenland sharks and occasionally Atlantic walruses prey upon them in the water.

This article has public domain work of the United States Government from references.

Saffron cod

The saffron cod "(Eleginus gracilis)", is a type of fish. They are closely related to true cods (genus "Gadus"). It is dark grey-green to brown, with spots on its sides and pale towards the belly. It may grow to 60 cm and weigh up to 1.3 kg.

It lives in the North Pacific, from off the Korean coasts until beyond Bering Straits, off the Alaskan coasts. It normally is found in shallow coastal waters at less than 60 m depth. It may also be found at depths up to 200 m. The saffron cod may also enter brackish and even fresh waters, occurring quite far up rivers and streams. 

Saffron cods begin to mature during their third year of life. They feed on fish and small crustaceans. They are commercially fished in many areas of the northwestern Pacific. The country with the largest catch is Russia. It is used for human's to eat in the Russian Federation and Japan, fresh or frozen.

Forbes Kennedy

Forbes Taylor Kennedy (born August 18, 1935 in Dorchester, New Brunswick) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre that played a combined 12 seasons in the NHL. He played 1 season with the Chicago Black Hawks, 4 with the Detroit Red Wings, 2 with the Philadelphia Flyers, 4 with the Boston Bruins and 1 with the Toronto Maple Leafs. He set records for most penalties in a game (eight), most minutes (38), most penalties in a period (six) and most penalty minutes in a period (34).

During the 1969 Stanley Cup playoff opener between the Boston Bruins and Toronto Maple Leafs, Bruins player Pat Quinn delivered a huge hit on Maple Leafs defenceman Bobby Orr which knocked Orr unconscious. Kennedy responded by taking part in four fights and punching a linesman after the last fight. He was fined $1,000 for punching the linesman. He was suspended for a long time and his time with the Maple Leafs ended. It was also the last game he played before he was forced to retire because he never recovered from knee surgery.

Rambling Rose

Rambling Rose is a 1991 American drama movie. The movie is set in Georgia during the Great Depression. It stars Laura Dern as the title character. Robert Duvall, Diane Ladd and Lukas Haas play the family she moves in with. It was released in September 1991 in the United States.

Gord Fashoway

Gordon "Gordie" Fashoway (June 16, 1926 – May 1, 2012) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger that played 13 games for the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1950-51 NHL season. Fashoway also played in the Western Hockey League with the New Westminster Royals, Victoria Cougars, and Portland Buckaroos. He won the Fred J. Hume Cup in 1960 while playing with the Buckaroos. 

After Fashoway retired, he became the head coach of the Oakland Golden Seals in 1968. He coached the Golden Seals for one year before he decided to coach the Portland Buckaroos for five years. In the 1970–71 WHL season, the Buckaroos won their third WCHL championship when Fashoway was coaching them.

Anne Archer

Anne Archer (born August 25, 1947) is an American movie and television actress. She has been in many television programs and movies. She starred in the thrillers "Fatal Attraction", "Body of Evidence", "Patriot Games" and "Clear and Present Danger".

Dick Gamble

Richard Frank "Dick" Gamble (November 16, 1928 in Moncton, New Brunswick – March 22, 2018 in Pittsford, New York) was a Canadian retired NHL ice hockey left winger that played a combined 9 seasons in the NHL. He played 6 seasons with the Montreal Canadiens, 1 season with the Chicago Black Hawks and 2 seasons with the Toronto Maple Leafs. Gamble won a Stanley Cup with the Canadiens in 1953.

Gamble also played in the American Hockey League with the Rochester Americans. During his time with the Americans, he won 3 Calder Cups and became a player-coach for the Americans in 1968–69. They retired his jersey number (#9). 

Yi Ryang

Yi Ryang (, 1519 1583) was a politician and philosopher during the Korean Joseon Dynasty.

Lee was a member of the royal family of the Joseon Dynasty. He was a descendant of Prince Hyoryeongs and uncle of Queen Insun, wife of Myeongjong of Joseon. In 1546 he passed to Saengwon and Chinsa exam and passed to Imperial examination in 1552.



Diane Ladd

Diane Ladd (born November 29, 1935 in Laurel, Mississippi) is an American movie and television actress. She has been nominated for several major awards. She is the mother of actress Laura Dern.

<br>

Hiromi Ikeda

Ikeda was born in Honjo on December 22, 1975. She joined Tasaki Perule FC in 1995. She was selected Best Young Player awards in 1995 season. She was also selected Best Eleven for 10 years in a row (1999-2008). However, the club was disbanded in 2008 due to financial strain. So, she retired end of 2008 season. She played 236 matches in Nadeshiko League.

On June 8, 1997, Ikeda debuted for the Japan national team against China. She was a member of Japan for 1999, 2003, 2007 World Cups, 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics. At 2004 Summer Olympics, she played as captain because captain Yumi Obe was reserve member. After 2004 Summer Olympics, she became Japan's captain until 2008 Summer Olympics. She played 119 games and scored 4 goals for Japan until 2008.

Ikeda got married and changed her name to Hiromi Ikeda (池田 浩美) from Hiromi Isozaki (磯﨑 浩美) in 2007.

BBC World News

BBC World News is an international news television channel. Unlike other BBC channels, it is not available in the United Kingdom. It is not funded by a licence fee. Instead it has advertisements. BBC World News employs more correspondents and reporters than any other news channel. 

The channel was launched in 1991.

Gifu

It has been recognized as a core city since 1996.


Sakaiminato, Tottori


Toyama (city)

In the pre-Meiji period, Toyama was a castle town and the capital of Etchū Province.

It has been recognized as a core city since 1996.


According to Japanese census data,

Toyama has many shrines including Toyama Chukyoin and Toyama Gokoku Shrine.


Brave and Bold

Brave and Bold is a boys' book written by Horatio Alger, Jr. It was serialized (published in parts) beginning on August 5, 1872 in the New York "Weekly". Also published in the same issue was Alger's poem "Friar Anselmo". "Brave and Bold" was then published in book form by A. K. Loring of Boston in 1873. The story was serialized in "Reader", an English magazine, in 1872, and was one of Alger's few stories to be so published.

Alger had lost some of his steam as the 1870s approached. He had made his literary name in exposing the horrors of life for street children in books such as "Ragged Dick" (1866). As the years passed, the government had taken on these horrors, studies were being conducted, and the plight of street children was being relieved. As a result, Alger was left without a literary subject. Boys' tastes were changing. They knew everything they needed to know about street boys from Alger's many novels about the poor. They wanted cowboys and Indians. Alger's publisher and his editor urged him ramp up the excitement in his books. Alger agreed, but let it be known that his moralizing would remain at its usual high level.

"Brave and Bold" was the first in a new series of Alger novels published by Loring, and the first in which sex rears its head. Before "Brave and Bold", the girls of the hero's age were sisters or simply prop figures. In this new book, Hester Paine, the lovely daughter of Millville's most prominent citizen and the reigning village belle, becomes a source of fascination and contention for "factory boy" hero Robert Rushton and his nemesis, the rich, snobbish, kid glove-wearing youth Halbert Davis.

"Brave and Bold" hit a new high in Alger's work, according Edwin Hoyt, but Hoyt describes the story as a "fiasco". Gary Scharnhorst describes it as "horrifying", and lists a shooting, a stabbing, and a suicide among the book's elements. The book was reviewed by a reader of the children's magazine "St. Nicholas"; he described it as "of the sensational order" and was glad he did not meet its characters in real life. This was the last review of an Alger work published by the prestigious magazine. The book initiated the controversy over making Alger's works available to the young.


Yamagata

The sightseeing spot of Yamagata are the peaks of the Zaou, Rissyaku Temple and Yamagata castle. This place is site of Hanagaza festival. This festival is held in August.

Yamagata is hot in summer and cold in winter.


Kevin McNally

Kevin McNally (born 27 April 1956) mostly known as Kevin R. McNally is an English movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor who is mostly known for his role as Joshamee Gibbs in all four of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies. McNally has also appeared in many movies such as; "Valkyrie", "Scoop", "Spice World", "Johnny English" and "The Raven". 

McNally was born in Bristol, England. McNally married Phyllis Logan in 2011. They have a son together.

Wakayama (city)

It has been recognized as a core city since 1997.


Nara, Nara

It has been recognized as a core city since 2002.

Many of the temples, shrines and ruins in Nara form "Historic Monuments of Ancient Nara". It is one of UNESCO World Heritage Sites. It includes 

The Kasugayama old-groth forest is also identified as a world heritage site.

On 8 July 2022, former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was fatally shot while giving a campaign speech in Nara.

The city is in the northern part of Nara Prefecture. It is on the border with Kyoto Prefecture.


Tony Jay

Tony Jay (2 February 1933 – 13 August 2006) was a British actor who is mostly known for his deep voice and for his voice roles in as Shere Khan in "The Jungle Book 2" and as Claude Frollo in "The Hunchback of Notre Dame". Jay is also known for playing villain roles in voice and live-action movies.

Jay was born on 2 February 1933 in London, England, and was educated at the Pinner County Grammer School. 

Jay was married to Marta MacGeraghty from 1974 until his death in 2006. Jay died on 13 August 2006 in Cedars-Sinia Hospital in Los Angeles, California from complications of lung cancer after having surgery to remove the tumor, he was 73 years old.


Bob Holness

Robert Wentworth John Holness (November 12, 1928 – January 6, 2012) was a British radio and television presenter who is mostly known for hosting "Take a Letter", "", "", and "". Holness has also guest-starred in "Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway". He also played James Bond in a 1956 adaptation of the Ian Fleming Novel " made for South African radio".

Holness was born in Vryheid, Natal, South Africa on November 12, 1928 to British parents and was raised in Ashford, Kent. He was educated at Ashford Grammar School and at Maidstone College of Art.

Holness was married to Mary Holness until his death in 2012, they had 3 children. Holness lived in Pinner, London, England and would die there on January 6, 2012 from dementia, he was 83 years old.

Byblos

Byblos is the Greek name of the Phoenician city Gebal (; ; earlier Gubla/Phoenician:𐤂𐤁𐤋). It is said to be the oldest city in the world (according to the ancient historian Philo of Byblos).

Byblos is a city located in Lebanon. It is called Byblos by the Greeks. The word Byblos appears in the Bible under the name Gebal. Gebal means mountains. The Greeks took the name of Byblos as their word for books, and from their word for books named the bible.
There are a lot interesting places in Byblos. The most important ones are Old Souk, Qartaba, Faraya, Abraham River, Jeita Grotto and Byblos Wax Museum. Old souk is a place where you find everything old and with a cheap price. Qartaba is a village in byblos, Qartaba means good, curing and balanced weather. In winter Faraya has a cold climate and snow, Faraya means "The land of fruits and vegetables". Abraham River is a small river also called Adonis, Adonis means "The God Of Love". Jeita Grotto is one of the most beautiful places to visit. Byblos Wax Museum is a wax museum that present historical people and everything old.

"Je m'appelle Byblos", Jean-Pierre Thiollet, H & D, 2005. 

Bill Fagerbakke

William Mark "Bill" Fagerbakke (born October 4, 1957) is an American actor and voice actor who is mostly known for his role as SpongeBob SquarePants' best friend Patrick Star in "SpongeBob SquarePants" and as Michael "Dauber" Dybinski in "Coach". In movies he is known for his role as Deputy Webb in the 2009 horror movie "Halloween II". 

Fagerbakke was born in Fontana, California on October 4, 1957. He was educated at the University of Idaho. He was married to actress Catherine McClenahan in 1989. Together, they had two daughters, Hannah and Carson. They separated in September 2012.


Rodger Bumpass

Rodger Bumpass (born November 20, 1951) is an American actor and comedian who is best known for his roles as Squidward Tentacles in "SpongeBob SquarePants" and Professor Membrane in "Invader Zim". He is also known for providing extra voices in "Toy Story 2", "A Bug's Life", and "Tarzan".

Bumpass was born Rodger Dale Bumpass in Little Rock, Arkansas on November 20, 1951. Bumpass was educated at Arkansas State University. Bumpass was nominated for a 2012 Daytime Emmy Award for his role as Squidward Tentacles.

During August 2006, rumors were circulated that Bumpass died during heart surgery. His death was noted on IMDb and in the Arkansas State University alumni newsletter. Bumpass confirmed that reports of his death were untrue.

In July 2019, Bumpass married Angela VanZandt, his high school sweetheart of 50 years.

On January 19, 2016, Bumpass was arrested just after midnight for alleged driving under the influence in Burbank, California. He was later released on a $15,000 bail the next morning.



Carolyn Lawrence

Carolyn Lawrence (born February 13, 1967) is an American television and voice actress mostly known for her voice role as Sandy Cheeks in "Spongebob Squarepants", and Cindy Vortex in "". Lawrence was born in Baltimore, Maryland on February 13, 1967.


Mr. Lawrence

Douglas Lawrence Osowski (born January 1, 1969), known professionally as "Mr. Lawrence", is an American voice actor, comedian, writer, storyboard artist, animator, and director. He is known for his voice roles such as Plankton, Larry the Lobster, and the Realistic Fish Head in "SpongeBob SquarePants".

Lawrence was born in East Brunswick, New Jersey on January 1, 1969.

Māori people

The Māori are the indigenous people of New Zealand. They were the first people to live in the islands. 

The Polynesian ancestors of the Māori came to New Zealand between 800 and 1300 AD. There are many theories about where the Maori came from. They arrived from somewhere in tropical Polynesia, either from the Cook Islands or the Society Islands. There is also a widely-recognised theory that the Māori people originated from Vanuatu.

Before Europeans came to New Zealand, the Māori did not need a name for themselves as a people. After Europeans came to New Zealand, the indigenous people called themselves "Māori. Māori" means "normal" or "ordinary". They called other people, especially those who came from Britain, “Pākehā”, meaning "white person". Today, in New Zealand English "Pākehā" is often used as a name for New Zealand Europeans.

Today, over 700,000 Māori people live in New Zealand. They are an important part of the country's culture. This is why they have received special rights from the Government of New Zealand. Their native language, the Māori language, is an official language of the country along with English.


Walter Breuning

Walter Breuning (September 21, 1896 – April 14, 2011) was an American supercentenarian and former railroader, who was the oldest living man in the world.

Breuning was born on September 21, 1896, in Melrose, Minnesota. Breuning was married to Agnes C. Breuning (née Twokey) from 1922 until her death in 1957. Lastly he married Margaret Breuning (née Vanest) from 1958 until her death in 1975.

He was a colorectal cancer survivor. From March 31, 2011 (the same day as Shelby Harris, who succeeded Breuning as the oldest living man in the United States, celebrated his 110th birthday), Breuning was hospitalized for an unspecified illness, possibly pneumonia.

He died of natural causes at the hospital on April 14, 2011 at 3:30 p.m. aged 114 years, 205 days and was survived by his niece, 3 nephews, and a great niece and nephews. He was succeeded as the oldest living man by Japanese Jiroemon Kimura, who later became the oldest man ever, and was (until Kimura surpassed his age) the third-oldest man in history, after Christian Mortensen and Emiliano Mercado del Toro.


Deep Roy

Gurdeep Roy (born 26 January 1949), sometimes credited as Roy Deep, Gordeep Roy, or just Deep Roy, is a Kenyan-born English movie and voice actor, stuntman and puppeteer.

He has appeared in 50 movies including "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory", "Big Fish", "Planet of the Apes", "Star Trek", "Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen", "Mafia!", "How the Grinch Stole Christmas", "Corpse Bride", and in "Star Trek". Roy is also known for his small-size.

Roy was born in Nairobi, Kenya on 26 January 1949.


Cesar Romero

Cesar Julio Romero Jr. (February 15, 1907 – January 1, 1994) was an American actor and activist. He was in movies, radio works, and television programs for almost sixty years. His roles included playing lovers, historical people in costume dramas, characters in light comedies, and the Joker in the "Batman" 1966 TV series.

Romero was born on February 15, 1907 in New York City. He was raised in Bradley Beach, New Jersey. He never married. He was a homosexual. Romero died on January 1, 1994 in Santa Monica, California from complications of a pulmonary embolism caused by bronchopneumonia. He was 86 years old.


Dana Reeve

Dana Reeve (née Morosini; March 17, 1961 - March 6, 2006) was an American actress who starred in many television programs and movies. She was born in Teaneck, New Jersey. She was featured in the television soap opera "All My Children". She was the widow of Christopher Reeve. Reeve died of lung cancer in March 2006 in New York City.

World News Now

World News Now is a news program which began January 6 1992 on American Broadcasting Company. The overall tone of this show is humorous and irreverent. Numerous famous TV personalities, such as Anderson Cooper, have hosted the show.

East Grand Forks, Minnesota

East Grand Forks is a city in Polk County, Minnesota in the United States. The population was 9,176 at the 2020 Census.

It is along the eastern bank of the Red River of the North. It is directly across from the larger city of Grand Forks, North Dakota.

Oświęcim

Oświęcim (German name: "Auschwitz") is a town in the Lesser Poland province of southern Poland. It is west of Kraków.

During World War II the Auschwitz concentration camp was situated near this town.

Dido, Queen of Carthage

Ancient Greek and Roman writers said that Dido was the founder and first Queen of Carthage. Carthage was a city in the country now known as Tunisia. Dido lived in the 9th century BC (about 3000 years ago). Some parts of her life may be true. Other parts are myths. She is best known from the story about her in the "Aeneid" by the Roman poet Virgil. In some writings about her, she is called Alyssa or Elissa. She was also worshipped as a goddess in ancient Carthage.

The oldest story about Dido was written by Timaeus. He was an ancient Greek historian who lived in the 3rd century BC. One hundred years later, a Roman historian, Pompeius Trogus, wrote about her. His story about her is now lost, but a later Roman historian, Justin, wrote a summary of Trogus' story. In the stories by Timaeus and Trogus, Dido was the daughter of the King of Tyre (a city in the country now known as Lebanon). She was married to Acerbas who was a priest of Hercules. When Dido's brother Pygmalion killed Acerbas, Dido ran away. She took some of her people with her. They went first to Cyprus, and then to the north coast of Africa in the place now known as Tunisia.

When they got to Africa, Dido asked the Berber ruler, a man named Iarbus, if she could buy some land to for her people to start a city. He said that she could buy as much land as she could cover with the skin of a dead ox. She told her people to cut the skin into very thin strips. They laid all the strips out to mark the borders. This gave them a very big piece of land. Dido and her people built a city on the land. The city was named Carthage, and Dido was its first queen. Carthage grew and became a very rich city. Many Berbers also went to live there.

When he saw what a rich city Carthage was, Iarbus wanted to marry Dido. He told her that if she did not marry him, he would make war on Carthage. Dido did not want to marry Iarbus. She still loved her husband . Before her wedding to Iarbus, she built a large fire. She told him that the fire was a ceremony to honor Acerbas. She said that when the ceremony was finished, Iarbus would be her new husband. Instead, she climbed onto the pyre where the fire was burning. Then she killed herself with a sword. After she died, the people of Carthage worshipped her as a goddess. Carthage stayed a very rich and powerful city for 600 years. It was destroyed by Rome in 146 BC.
Dido is most well known today for the story told about her in Books 3 and 4 of Virgil's "Aeneid". Virgil's story about the early life of Dido is very like those told by Timaeus and Trogus. But his story of how she died is very different. In Virgil's story, Aeneas, a prince from the ancient city of Troy, goes to Carthage after losing a war against the Greeks (the Trojan War). Aeneas and Dido fall in love. Aeneas decides to stay in Carthage with Dido. But the god Jupiter sends Mercury to tell Aeneas that he must leave Carthage and go to Italy. Aeneas does not want to go, but knows he must do what Jupiter asks. He and his men sail away from Carthage. Dido is very sad and very angry. She builds a large fire to burn all the things that belonged to Aeneas. Then she climbs to the top of the fire and kills herself with the sword that she gave Aeneas when he first came to Carthage.

Most people say that Virgil was the first writer to make up the story about Aeneas and Dido. Others think that he got the idea from a long poem by Gnaeus Naevius called "" ("The Punic Wars"). Most of Naevius's poem is lost, so it is hard to know for sure.

Since Virgil's time, many plays and operas have been written about his story of Aeneas and Dido. Christopher Marlowe wrote a play about them in 1583. It was called "Dido Queen of Carthage". Henry Purcell composed an opera about them in 1688 called "Dido and Aeneas".

The Italian poet Pietro Metastasio also used Virgil's story for a libretto (the story and words for an opera). It was called "". (Its title means "Dido " in Italian.) The first opera to use Metastasio's libretto was composed by Domenico Sarro in 1724. In the next 100 years more than 40 operas by other composers used this libretto.


Fachhochschule Mainz

The Mainz University of Applied Sciences (German: "Hochschule Mainz"), is a Hochschule (university of applied sciences). It was founded in 1971.



Anita Tsoy

Anita "Anna" Sergeyevna Tsoy (; born 7 February 1971, Moscow) is a Russian singer-songwriter of Korean descent.

Her grandfather, seeking free education, emigrated from Korea to the Russian Far East. He, his wife and his children were later caught up in the 1937 deportation of the "Koryo-saram" to Central Asia. Anita's mother was born in 1944 in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR, Soviet Union. She successfully graduated from the Moscow State University and became a chemistry doctor.

She did everything she could to make her daughter educated in all kinds of arts . Anita's favourite one became music. She began violin lessons at a young age; she later studied piano, flute, and guitar. She wasn't a loved one at school. Many classmates, being children of influential parents, often abused her. Most teachers were not as friendly to her as they were to the other classmates.

When she became an adult, a tragedy happened: her mother was branded a "class enemy" in the 1970s in response to her record of speaking out in support of Nobel Peace Prize-winning dissident Andrei Sakharov. For her dissent she was briefly committed to a mental institution. She became a permanent invalid. After leaving school Anita attended the teacher training college, then law school at Moscow State University, where she met her husband Sergey P. Tsoy.

After graduation, rather than becoming a teacher or lawyer, she began saving up money in order to launch a singing career, while her husband began working as a press secretary for Moscow mayor Yury Luzhkov in 1994. Her first album "Polyot" (Полёт; "Flight") was released in 1997; she kept it a secret from her husband until after she had already signed the contract with her production company.

In 1998 her second album, named "Черный лебедь" ("The Black Swan") was released and in 1999 a concert show "Черный лебедь или храм любви" ("The Black Swan or a Love Palace") was held in the concert hall "Rossiya". This show was accepted as "Best Show of the Year" and Anita won an "Ovation" She went to the United States in 2003 to record an English-language album, where she worked with cinematic composer Lee Holdridge; while there, she was offered a five-year contract as a solo vocalist in the Cirque du Soleil, but turned it down in order to return to Russia and be near her family.

She records her third Russian dance solo-album "1000000 минут" ("1000000 Minutes") in 2003, which was introduced to public in the "Elevator" club, a former factory in Moscow. In 2005 a major show-concert "ANITA" was held in the "Rossiya" Concert Hall, Moscow, featuring high technology decorations like large LCD-screens and fountains on the stage. The show was considered to be one of the most successful ones in Russia and was released on DVD by Universal Music.

Anita Tsoy records her fourth album "На восток" ("To The East") in 2007 and changed her image greatly since the 2003; she turns to manga-anime style. In autumn of the same year she performs with her "To The East" show, which attracted more than ten thousand people. Following the show, the DVD-recording of this live concert was released.

Both "ANITA" and "To The East" shows are considered to be one of the best live-performances in Russia and the recordings of these concerts were shown on Channel One, Muz-TV and other influentable Russian channels.

Anita recorded 5 albums in total and won more than 10 major awards for both performing and charity during her 13-year career as a solo artist.


This information was received from the singer's official site.

This information was received from the singer's official site.



Tsu, Mie

Tsu originally developed as a castle town.

Tsu is known for its , which is an annual community gathering which honors the arrival of the ambassadors from Korea ("Joseon Tongsinsa") during the Edo period. There are two other cities that celebrate Tōjin Odori: Suzuka city in Mie Prefecture and Ushimado-chō in Okayama Prefecture.


List of ornamental aquatic plants in Venezuela

This is a list of ornamental aquatic plants commonly used in aquariums in Venezuela.

This listing is a partial list and sorted by families and genera in alphabetical form.

















Masters Home Improvement

Masters Home Improvement was the name of a series of hardware retail outlets in Australia. The chain was operated by both the Australian corporation, Woolworths Limited, and the United States-based hardware chain Lowe's. The first Masters Home Improvement store opened on 31 August 2011 to tradespeople and 1 September 2011 to the general public in Braybrook, a suburb in Melbourne. 

Masters was the main competitor of Bunnings Warehouse, which is another chain of hardware outlets operated by Wesfarmers. Masters Home Improvement stores however had many differences to Bunnings Warehouse stores, including McDonald's and McCafe outlets in some of their stores, push-buttons for customer assistance and whitegoods (refrigerators, dishwashers, washers and dryers) departments.

Alex Clare

Alexander George "Alex" Clare (14 September 1985, London, England) is a British recording artist, musician and singer. His first album "The Lateness of the Hour" was put out in 2011. He adopted his stage identity, Alex Clare around 2010.

In 2014, Clare and Jim Duguid won Songwriter of the Year at the ASCAP Awards Night. This was for the song "Too Close".

Rigidly rotating disk paradox

In theoretical physics, a branch of physics, the rigidly rotating disk paradox, sometimes called the Ehrenfest paradox, is a paradox concerning a rotating disk. Basically, the paradox says that when a disk (or any circular object in general) is rotated, it will have a smaller circumference than 2πr, because the radius will remain the same, but the circumference is shortened due to the Lorentz contraction. For a more detailed explanation, see below.

If the rotating disk has an angular velocity of "ω", and a radius of "R", then the circumference of the disk is "ω"·R. So the circumference will undergo a Lorentz contraction of 
formula_1. However, the radius, R, will not undergo a Lorentz contraction since it is perpendicular to the direction of motion.

Therefore, the circumference divided by the diameter will end up being a little bit less than formula_2.

The simpler definition is given by the following. To an observer "X" riding on the edge of the rotating disk, the effects of high-speed motion are still in place. So, if "X" were to crawl along the circumference with a ruler and measure the circumference, his ruler will be shortened (due to the Lorentz contraction) and he will have to lay out his ruler "more times" to measure the circumference. Therefore, he will measure the circumference to be "greater" than he would measure it to be if the disk were stationary.

If an observer "Y" were to sit on the radius of the rotating disk, he will measure the radius to be the same as he would measure it to be if the disk were stationary, since the radius is not affected by the Lorentz contraction (the radius is perpendicular to the direction of motion). Therefore, when observers "X" and "Y" compare their measurements, they find that

formula_3

In verbal terms this means "The circumference is greater than 2π times the radius". So, the circumference and the radius are not proportional by 2π in this case.

In differential geometry, there exists a certain type of mathematical plane called a hyperbolic plane. In it, if you draw a normal circle, the radius will remain the same, but the circumference will be greater than 2πr. Physicists began to realize that the accelerated angular motion of the disk caused a curvature in spacetime, therefore distorting the normal flat geometric plane, causing the circumference to be greater than 2πr.

Underlying this explanation is the fact that Euclidean geometry is not the actual geometry of space, but an approximation which works well at the level of human life.

Using an ingenious argument concerning the equivalence principle, Albert Einstein showed that the curvature in spacetime caused by the rotated disk could be a logical explanation for gravity. For more information on this topic, see Gravity and the rotating disk.

Elizabeth Ashley

Elizabeth Cole (better known as Elizabeth Ashley; August 30 1939) is an American stage, television series and movie actress. She received the Tony Award for "Best Featured Actress in a Play". She has performed in many Broadway plays and movies. She was in the television sitcom "Evening Shade" in the 1990s. She is originally from Ocala, Florida.

Fukuoka Art Museum

The museum has a notable collection of Asian art and it presents temporary exhibitions. 

Since 2004, "The Madonna of Port Lligat" by Salvador Dalí has been on display at the Fukuoka Art Museum.



Steven Franken

Stephen Robert "Steven" Franken (May 27, 1932 – August 24, 2012) mostly known as Steve Franken was an American movie, voice, stage, television actor, and comedian who is mostly known for his role as Chatsworth Osborne, Jr. in "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis". He was also in "The Lieutenant". He played several different characters in "Bewitched". Franken was also in the 1986 movie "The Party". Franken was a second cousin of senator and actor Al Franken.

Franken was born on May 27, 1932 in Brooklyn, New York. Franken was married to Julia Carter until they divorced. Then he was married to Jean Franken up until his death in 2012. He had three daughters. Franken died on August 24, 2012 in Canoga Park, California from cancer, aged 80.

Robert Hughes (critic)

Robert Studley Forrest Hughes, AO (28 July 1938 – 6 August 2012) was an Australian-born art critic, writer and maker of television documentaries. 

Hughes was born in Sydney, Australia in 1938. He had a brother, Tom, who is a politician. Hughes died on August 6, 2012 in The Bronx, New York, aged 74.

In 1970, he became the art critic for "Time" magazine. 


Steve Harvey

Steve Harvey (born January 17, 1957) is an American stand-up comedian and game show host. He is currently the host on "Family Feud". He also hosted his other program "Steve Harvey's Big Time".

He currently hosts the talk show "Steve Harvey", which started on September 3, 2012.

Mr. Freeze

Mr. Freeze (Dr. Victor Fries) is a supervillain in comic books published by DC Comics. He first appeared in "Batman" #121 (February 1959) as the ice criminal Mr. Zero, but he was soon renamed "Mr. Freeze".

Dr. Victor Fries was a cryogenics expert in Gotham City who was caught in a laboratory accident while attempting to cure his terminally ill wife, Nora. The accident drastically lowered his body temperature to sub-zero levels, forcing him to wear a cryogenic suit in order to survive. 

"IGN"s list of the Top 100 Comic Book Villains of All Time List ranked Mr. Freeze as #67. The character has been played by George Sanders, Otto Preminger, and Eli Wallach in the "Batman" television series. He was also played by Arnold Schwarzenegger in the 1997 movie "Batman & Robin". He has also been voiced by Michael Ansara in the DC Animated Universe.

Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe

Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe is an Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 fighting game released in 2008. It is a crossover video game where "Mortal Kombat" characters fight DC Comics ones. It has an arcade mode, story mode, and practice. Players can go online with opponents worldwide.

Gangnam Style

"Gangnam Style" () is a song by PSY. The music video has been watched over 3.2 billion times on YouTube . It is the first video in the website's history that more than 1 billion people have seen. It has made people make many videos like it but in other locations, named "parodies". Barack Obama, David Cameron, and Ban Ki-moon tried the song's dance moves.

Gangnam Style continued to be the most viewed YouTube video until August 4th 2017, months since the music video for Despacito was first released.

Kocaeli University

Kocaeli University is a university in Turkey. It is in İzmit, Kocaeli. The university has many campuses in Umuttepe, Anıtpark and other places. It is a public university.


Colin McFarlane

Colin McFarlane (born 15 September 1961) is a British actor. He is known for his role as Commissioner Gillian B. Loeb in "Batman Begins" and "The Dark Knight". In television he has appeared in "Jonathan's Creek", "The Fast Show", and the "Black Books". He has starred in animated movies or television programs. He is also known for providing the voice of God in "Testament: The Bible in Animation". 

McFarlane was born in Upper Clapton, London on 15 September 1961. He is married to Kate McFarlane. They have one son named Josh.

Peggy Lipton

Margaret Ann "Peggy" Lipton (August 30, 1946 – May 11, 2019) was an American television actress. She played Julie Barnes in the series "The Mod Squad" in the late 1960s and early 1970s. She also played Norma Jennings in "Twin Peaks". Some sources mention that she was born in 1946 while others say 1947. She was born in New York City. She was married to Quincy Jones from 1974 until they divorced in 1990. The couple had two daughters, actresses Kidada and Rashida Jones.

Lipton died of colon cancer on May 11, 2019 in Los Angeles, California. She was 72.

Mary Landrieu

Mary Loretta Landrieu ( ; born November 23, 1955) is an American politician. She served as a U.S. Senator of Louisiana from 1997 to 2015. Landrieu is a member of the United States Democratic Party. She was raised in New Orleans. 

Her brother Mitch Landrieu was the Mayor of New Orleans. Her father Moon Landrieu also served as Mayor of New Orleans. 

She is considered a conservative Democrat, often opposed to the views of many others within her party. She lost re-election in 2014 to Republican U.S. Representative Bill Cassidy.

Nightswimming (Awake)

"Nightswimming" is the eighth episode of the American crime fantasy television series "Awake", that first aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) on April 19, 2012. Leonard Chang and co-executive producer Davey Holmes wrote "Nightswimming". 2.80 million watched it when it was first broadcast on television in the United States. Executive producer Jeffrey Reiner directed the episode, and critics liked the episode.

"Awake"'s main character is Michael Britten (Jason Isaacs), a detective living in two different realities after a car crash. In one reality, where he wears a red wristband, his wife Hannah Britten (Laura Allen) survived the accident, and in another reality, where he wears a green wristband, his son Rex Britten (Dylan Minnette) survived. In the "green reality", Michael helps Accountant Marcus Ananyev (Elijah Alexander) and his wife Alina (Ayelet Zurer) start a new life in the Witness Protection Program after a gang member tried to kill Marcus. In the "red reality", Michael and Hannah prepare for a new life in Oregon after deciding to move there. They go swimming at a college pool because they love each other.

Many reviewers praised the story of the "red reality", but did not enjoy the arcs of the "green reality". This episode marked the first time Rex had not appeared in an episode of the series, the show's two therapists: Dr. Jonathan Lee (BD Wong) and Dr. Judith Evans (Cherry Jones) also did not appear in it. Even though it was the eighth episode, it was supposed to be the fifth episode. The music featured in it was "Pain in My Heart" by Otis Redding. Michael is seen shirtless in two scenes of the episode, one of those scenes were filmed at an actual campus swimming pool. During filming, a woman saw Isaacs naked and questioned it. Many critics commented on the themes of "Nightswimming". It was filmed in Los Angeles, California, and eight guest actors were in it.


Virginia Dwyer

Virginia Dwyer Gorman (December 19, 1919 – August 20, 2012) was an American movie and television actress. She was born in Omaha, Nebraska. She was married to Walter Gorman. She died on August 20, 2012 in her home in Manhattan, New York from natural causes. She was 92 years old.

Chris Lighty

Chris Lighty (May 8, 1968 – August 30, 2012) was an American music executive and a talent agent. He helped many artists and musicians during his career. Lighty was "one of the most powerful figures in the hip-hop business". Lighty was also the founder of Violator, a record label. 

Lighty was born in The Bronx, New York City on May 8, 1968. He committed suicide by shooting himself on August 30, 2012 in his home in The Bronx. He was 44 years old.

Victor Garber

Victor Joseph Garber (born March 16, 1949) is a Canadian movie, television, voice, and stage actor. He has appeared in many movies. He played Thomas Andrews in James Cameron's 1997 movie "Titanic". He also played San Francisco Mayor George Moscone in "Milk".

Garber was born in London, Ontario, Canada on March 16, 1949. Garber came out gay in January 2013. He lives in New York with his husband, Rainer Andreesen, whom he was married since 2015.


Jonathan Hyde

Jonathan Stephen Geoffrey King (born 21 May 1948), better known as Jonathan Hyde, is an Australian-born British actor. He has lived in the United Kingdom since 1969. He is known for roles such as Herbert Cadbury in "Richie Rich" (1994), Sam Parrish and Van Pelt in "Jumanji" (1995), J. Bruce Ismay in "Titanic" (1997) and Warren Westridge in "Anaconda" (1997). His TV credits include roles such as Culverton Smith in "The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes" and Eldritch Palmer in "The Strain".

King was born in Brisbane, Queensland. He moved to London in 1969. He married Scottish soprano Isobel Buchanan in 1980. The couple have two daughters, including actress Georgia King.


Billy Zane

William George "Billy" Zane, Jr. (born February 24, 1966), mostly known as Billy Zane or Bill Zane, is an American television, voice, stage, video game, and movie actor, music executive, and movie producer. He has appeared in over 100 movies. He played the main antagonist Caledon N. "Cal" Hockley in the 1997 James Cameron's blockbuster movie "Titanic".

Zane was born on February 24, 1966 in Chicago, Illinois. He was married to Lisa Collins from 1989 until they divorced in 1995.


Ioan Gruffudd

Ioan Gruffudd (born October 6, 1973) is a Welsh television, stage, and movie Actor. He is known for his roles as Harold Lowe in "Titanic", Lt. John Beales in "Black Hawk Down", and his role as Reed Richards in "Fantastic Four" and "".

Gruffudd was born on October 6, 1973 in Llwydcoed, Aberdare, Cynon Valley, Wales. He has been married to Alice Evans since 2007. They have two children and currently live in Los Angeles, California.


Rashida Jones

Rashida Leah Jones (; born February 25, 1976 in Los Angeles) is an American actress, producer and writer who has starred in many movies and television programs. She starred in the shows "Boston Public", "The Office", "Angie Tribeca" and the movie "Our Idiot Brother". She wrote the screenplay for "Toy Story 4".

Jones sung on the songs "Tangled", "Secret" and "Not Coming Home" on Maroon 5's first album. In 2013 Jones directed the music video for "Brave" by Sara Bareilles.

Jones was born to Quincy Jones and Peggy Lipton in Los Angeles. Her father is African-American. Her mother is Ashkenazi Jewish. She went to the Buckley School in California. She then went to Harvard University.

Anal stage

The anal stage is the second stage in Sigmund Freud's psychosexual development theory. Freud believed the personality developed through several stages during childhood. These stages focused on the erogenous zones. The anal stage occurs between ages 18 months to three years. This is the period when a child toilet trains. According to Freud, pleasure is derived from controlling the anus (the primary erogenous zone) and the bladder. A toilet training conflict or fixation results in a rigid or disordered personality. 

Pyre

A pyre, also known as a funeral pyre, is a structure used for burning a body. The word "pyre" comes from the Greek word for "fire". Pyres are built outdoors. They are usually made from wood. The body is placed on top of the pyre or under it. Then the pyre is set on fire. Pyres are still used for funerals in some parts of the world. They are also used for other types of ceremonies. In those ceremonies, there is a big fire, but a body is not burned. Historically, pyres have also been used to kill people by burning them alive.

The Hindu, Sikh, and Buddhist religions still use pyres for the cremation of dead people. This form of funeral is thousands of years old. However, it is no longer legal in many countries. The ancient Greeks and ancient Romans used funeral pyres. The Vikings also used them. Viking funeral pyres were usually built on boats floating in the sea.

People sometimes use pyres to make a big fire or bonfire but they do not burn a real body. These types of pyres are used for celebrations or to remember a person or a special event. Pyres are often used in Guy Fawkes Night celebrations in the United Kingdom and some Commonwealth countries. In Denmark and Germany people light pyres to celebrate the summer solstice (the longest day of the year). People light pyres in Switzerland to celebrate their National Day.

Farmers sometimes use pyres to destroy the bodies of dead animals. They especially use them when the animals have died of a disease. This helps prevent the spread of the disease to other animals.

In the past, pyres were sometimes used to execute people. The people were burned while they were still alive. Often the person was tied to a stake (a very big stick) on top of the pyre. This type of execution was known as "burning at the stake". Joan of Arc died in this way.


Queen Munjeong

Queen Munjeong (, 1 February 1502 – 29 December 1565) was Queen of Korean Joseon Dynastys and wife of 11th King Jungjong. mother of 13th King Myeongjong. regent of 1545 to 1563.


Quidenham

Quidenham is a village and civil parish in Breckland, Norfolk, England. In 2001, there were 576 people living in Quidenham.

Ōtsu, Shiga

It has been recognized as a core city since 2009.

Ōtsu was the site of an Imperial palace from 667 to 672. Emperor Tenji lived in Ōtsu.

In the Edo period, Ōtsu was one of fifty-three shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the road which connected Edo and Kyoto.

"Ōtsu" is on the south shore of Lake Biwa. 


Hosoya Jūdayū

Hosoya was born into a family of samurai who served the Date clan of Sendai han.

Nicholas and Alexandra

Nicholas and Alexandra is a 1971 biographical movie. It tells the story of the last Russian monarch, Tsar Nicholas II of Russia, and his wife, Tsarina Alexandra.

The movie was made from the book by Robert K. Massie. It was directed by Franklin J. Schaffner.

It won Academy Awards for Best Art Direction-Set Decoration (John Box, Ernest Archer, Jack Maxsted, Gil Parrondo, Vernon Dixon) and Best Costume Design. It was nominated for Best Actress in a Leading Role (Janet Suzman), Best Cinematography, Best Music, Original Dramatic Score and Best Picture.

This soundtrack was written by Richard Rodney Bennett.


The Canterbury Tales (movie)

The Canterbury Tales is a 1972 Italian movie directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini. It is based on the medieval poem "The Canterbury Tales" by Geoffrey Chaucer. It is the second movie in Pasolini's 'Trilogy of Life'. It won the Golden Bear at the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival.

The movie has eight of the 24 tales. It has much nudity, sex, and slapstick humor. Many of these scenes are present or at least alluded to in the original. Some are Pasolini's own additions.

This movie featured Tom Baker in a small role. He was one of the husbands of the Wife of Bath.



The Vault of Horror (movie)

The Vault of Horror (also called Vault of Horror, Further Tales from the Crypt and Tales from the Crypt II) is a British anthology horror movie. It was made in 1973 by Amicus Productions. Like the 1972 Amicus movie "Tales from the Crypt", it is based on stories from the EC Comics series written by Al Feldstein and Bill Gaines. The movie was directed by Roy Ward Baker.

None of the movie's stories are actually from "Vault of Horror" comics. All but one were in "Tales from the Crypt". The one that wasn't is "Shock SuspenStories". The movie does not have the Vault Keeper character from the comics.


Together with "Tales from the Crypt","The Vault Of Horror" was released on a "Midnight Movies" double feature DVD on 11 September 2007. The version used is the edited, 1974 US theatrical release. It has some of the gorier scenes removed or altered in order to receive an MPAA PG rating.

An uncensored version was first shown on the British TV channel Film4 on 25 August 2008. This version still did not show a shot from the original closing sequence. In this scene the characters who walk to the graveyard are seen with dead, skeletal faces. It may be that this shot has been lost. No prints with it have been found. There is no evidence it was included in the final release prints.


Frankenstein: The True Story

Frankenstein: The True Story is a 1973 American made-for-television horror movie. It is loosely based on the novel "Frankenstein" by Mary Shelley. 

The movie added the character of Dr Polidori. He was not in the original novel. He was based on the character of Dr. Pretorius from "Bride of Frankenstein". He was named after the real-life John Polidori.

A notable part of the movie is that instead of being ugly from the start, the Creature is portrayed as physically beautiful. He becomes more ugly as the movie goes on. The make-up was by Hammer horror veteran artist Roy Ashton.

It was first broadcast in two 90-minute parts. It is often seen edited into a single movie. The first DVDwas released on September 26, 2006. Included at the beginning is a short intro. It has James Mason wandering through St John's Wood churchyard, London. He suggests that this is where Mary Shelley is buried. This is incorrect as she is in fact buried in the family plot in Dorset. The intro shows Mason standing beside a gravestone bearing her name.



 

The Golden Voyage of Sinbad

The Golden Voyage of Sinbad is a fantasy movie released in 1974. It stars John Phillip Law as Sinbad. It includes a score by composer Miklós Rózsa. It is known mostly for the stop-motion effects by Ray Harryhausen. The movie is the second of three Sinbad movies that Harryhausen made for Columbia. The others are "The 7th Voyage of Sinbad" (1958) and "Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger" (1977).

It won the first Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film.



The Mutations

The Mutations is a 1974 British horror movie. It was directed by Jack Cardiff. The movie was also released under the title, "The Freakmaker".

In the movie a scientist takes college students to use as human guinea pigs. He uses them in his experiments in crossbreeding plants with humans. The failed experimental mutants are then given to a cruel circus freakshow owner.


The Curse of King Tut's Tomb (1980 movie)

The Curse of King Tut's Tomb is a 1980 British-American mystery thriller movie. It was directed by Philip Leacock. The movie is based on the book "Behind the Mask of Tutankhamen" by Barry Wynne. It was shot in Egypt and in England.

It was released as two-part movie on 8 May and 9 May 1980. The score was made by American jazz musician Gil Melle.

The English archaeologist Howard Carter and his financier, Lord Carnarvon discover the grave of Tut-Ench-Amun. There are rumors about a curse for anyone who disturbs the grave. There are a series of mysterious deaths.


The Passionate Pilgrim (movie)

The Passionate Pilgrim is a short 1984 feature movie. It starred Eric Morecambe, Tom Baker and Madeline Smith. It was Morecambe's last work. It was one of few that did not have his long-term partner Ernie Wise.

The movie takes the setting of a silent movie. Narration was done by John Le Mesurier of "Dad's Army" fame.

The movie is about a lord who lives in a castle, and his lady. The lady attracts the amorous attentions of the passionate pilgrim. The pilgrim tries to gain entry to the castle by any means possible. The lord tries many things in order to stop him.

The movie was made entirely on location at Hever Castle.


The Zany Adventures of Robin Hood

The Zany Adventures of Robin Hood (1984) is a parody movie of the story of Robin Hood.




Dungeons &amp; Dragons (movie)

Dungeons & Dragons is a 2000 American fantasy movie. It was directed by Courtney Solomon. It was based on the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game. Parts of the movie were made on location at Sedlec Ossuary. Richard O'Brien and Tom Baker made cameo appearances.

Even though it did not do well in movie theaters, a made-for-TV sequel, "" was released in 2005. It did not directly continue on the storyline of the previous movie. A third movie, "", was shot in 2011. It was released as direct-to-DVD in the United Kingdom on August 9, 2012.



Jacqueline Hill

Jacqueline Hill (17 December 1929 – 18 February 1993) was an English actress. She was best known for her role as Barbara Wright in the BBC science fiction television series "Doctor Who". Hill returned for an appearance in the 1980 "Doctor Who" story "Meglos", as the priestess Lexa.

Hill trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. She was first on stage in London's West End in "The Shrike". Many more roles followed, including, on television, "Shop Window", "Fabian of the Yard" and "An Enemy of the People".

In 1958 she married the director Alvin Rakoff. The previous year she was in his BBC adaptation of Rod Serling's American television play "Requiem for a Heavyweight".

After leaving "Doctor Who" in 1965, she gave up acting to raise a family. She had a daughter Sasha and son John. Hill began acting again in 1979. She gained further TV credits in, amongst other programmes, "Tales of the Unexpected" and as Lady Capulet in the BBC Television Shakespeare version of "Romeo and Juliet" in 1978.

Jacqueline Hill died of bone cancer in 1993.


Ellen Barkin

Ellen Barkin (April 16, 1954) is an American actress. She is a versatile actress who has been in many movies and television series. Barkin has played many lead roles as well as been a supporting actor. She also performs on the Broadway stage. She was born in the Bronx, New York City.

From 1988 to 1999, she was married to Irish actor Gabriel Byrne. 

Morioka

It has been recognized as a core city since 2008.

In the 9th century, Sakanoue no Tamuramaro led forces which brought the region under imperial control. 

In 1599, Morioka was founded as a castle town ("jōka-machi").

In the Boshin War, Morioka was a pro-shogunate city.

During the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake, Morioka was hit by a 6.1 earthquake.

The Iwate Museum of Art (IMA) is in Morioka. IMA's collection includes works works by notable local artists.


Dixon of Dock Green

Dixon of Dock Green was a popular BBC television series. It ran from 1955 to 1976. Later it was a radio series. Even though it is a drama series, it was first produced by the BBC's light entertainment department.

The main character is Constable George Dixon. He is played by Jack Warner.

A collection of the first six available colour episodes was released by Acorn Media UK in July 2012.

Market in Honey Lane

Market in Honey Lane was an ATV television soap opera. It was broadcast between 1967 and March 1969.

This cockney drama set was in an East London street market. It was created by Louis Marks. At first it was shown weekly. In September 1968, it became a twice weekly afternoon show. Also the name was shortened to just Honey Lane.

Main characters were played by John Bennett, Michael Golden, Ray Lonnen, Peter Birrel, Brian Rawlinson, Pat Nye, Basil Henson and Anna Wing.

Z-Cars

Z-Cars (pronounced "Zed Cars", sometimes written as Z Cars) is a British television drama series. It is centred on the work of police in the fictional town of Newtown. Newtown is based on Kirkby, near Liverpool. It was produced by the BBC. It ran from January 1962 until September 1978.




Softly, Softly (TV series)

Softly, Softly is a British television drama series. It was produced by the BBC and screened on BBC 1. It ran from January 1966 to November 1969.

It revolved around the work of regional crime squads, plain-clothes CID officers based in the fictional region of Wyvern. It was about characters from the popular police series "Z-Cars".

In 1969, to match the BBC's move to colour broadcasting on BBC 1, the series changed. The main characters were promoted and moved to the South East of England. The series was going to change its name to "Taskforce". The BBC did not want to drop a popular brand and it became "".


Others - 


Play of the Month

Play of the Month is a BBC television anthology series. It showed classic and contemporary stage plays (or adaptations). They were usually broadcast on BBC1. Each production had a different work, often with well known British stage actors in the leading roles. The series ran from October 1965 to September 1983. 121 episodes were made. 

Gregory Hines

Gregory Oliver Hines (February 14, 1946 – August 9, 2003) was an American singer, dancer and actor. He was born in New York City. He has acted in many movies and television programs. He also acted in Broadway plays.

He died of liver cancer in Los Angeles at the age of 57.

Lemon (color)

Lemon is a color that resembles the color of the lemon fruit.

The first written use of "lemon" as a color name in English was in 1598.

Arthur of the Britons

Arthur of the Britons is a British television show about the historical King Arthur. There were two series, released between 1972 and 1973. This King Arthur shows greatness by making peace between the two foremost peoples in the England of his era. The looks of King Arthur and his brother-in-arms Kai are similar to contemporary rockstars. "Arthur of the Britons" was broadcast repeatedly on many local ITV stations during the 1970s and 1980s.



Jim'll Fix It

Jim'll Fix It was a long-running British television show. It was broadcast by the BBC between 1975 and 1994. In 2007 it was shown on UKTVGold. It was presented by the late Jimmy Savile. It was produced by Roger Ordish, who also worked on other BBC shows, including A Bit of Fry & Laurie. When Saville was knighted, the book for the 1991 series of the comedy sketch show had a statement that in future "Jim'll Fix It" would be known as: "Sir James will bring his influence to bear in arranging matters to your satisfaction."

The Book Tower

The Book Tower is a British television series for children. It was produced by Yorkshire Television. The programme ran for 11 series from 3 January 1979 to 30 May 1989.

It was first presented by "Doctor Who" star Tom Baker (1979–81). Each episode explored one or more books, using dramatic presentations. The aim was to get children interested in reading.

Later presenters included Stephen Moore (1982–83), Alun Armstrong (1984), Neil Innes (1985), Roger McGough (1986), Bernard Bresslaw (1987), and Timmy Mallett.

The Hound of the Baskervilles (1982 TV serial)

The Hound of the Baskervilles (1982) is a British television programme. It was directed by Peter Duguid and starred Tom Baker as Sherlock Holmes and Terence Rigby as Doctor Watson. It is based on Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes novel "The Hound of the Baskervilles".


The opinions of viewers at the time was divided The four-part serial aired in 1982, and it has not done better over time. Baker himself came to think of his performance as a failure. 

Jemima Shore

Jemima Shore is a fictional character created by Antonia Fraser. She is portrayed as TV's professional investigative journalist. She is in a series of crime novels.


Shore has also been the basis of two television series which aired in the UK: the 1978 "Armchair Thriller" serial "Quiet as a Nun" with Maria Aitken as Jemima Shore, and an ongoing series, "Jemima Shore Investigates", starring Patricia Hodge in the title role. The series was made by Thames Television for the ITV network in 1983. One series of twelve episodes was made.

Remington Steele

Remington Steele is an American television series co-created by Robert Butler and Michael Gleason. The series starred Stephanie Zimbalist and Pierce Brosnan. It was produced by MTM Enterprises. The first broadcast was on the NBC network from 1982 to 1987. The series blended the genres of romantic comedy, drama, and detective procedural. "Remington Steele" is best known for starting the career of Pierce Brosnan. It also was a forerunner of the similar series "Moonlighting", and was also an influential part of television history in its own right.

"Remington Steele"'s premise is that Laura Holt, a licensed private detective, opened a detective agency under her own name. She then found that potential clients would not hire a woman. To solve the problem, Laura invents a fake male superior whom she names Remington Steele. Through a series of events in the first episode a former thief and con man takes the identity of Remington Steele. Behind the scenes, Laura stays firmly in charge.


Other recurring actors included: 

Guest stars included:


Jackanory

Jackanory is a long-running BBC children's television series. It was made to interest children in reading. The show began on 13 December 1965. The first story was the fairy-tale "Cap-o'-Rushes" read by Lee Montague. "Jackanory" continued to be broadcast until 1996. They made around 3,500 episodes in its 30-year run. The final story, "The House at Pooh Corner" by A. A. Milne, was read by Alan Bennett. It was broadcast on 24 March 1996. The show returned on 27 November 2006 for two stories.

The show's format had an actor read from children's novels or folk tales, usually while seated in an armchair. From time to time the scene being read would be illustrated by a specially made still drawing. They were often done by Quentin Blake. Usually a single book would take five daily fifteen-minute episodes, from Monday to Friday.

A few "Jackanory" stories took the form of a play rather than stories being read. These were made in a series of fully cast and dressed for costume dramas. These were named "Jackanory Playhouse" and were thirty minutes in length. These included a dramatisation by Philip Glassborow of the comical A. A. Milne story "The Princess Who Couldn't Laugh."

The show's title comes from an old English nursery rhyme:


The Life and Loves of a She-Devil

The Life and Loves of a She-Devil is a 1983 novel by British feminist author Fay Weldon. It is about a highly unattractive woman who goes to great lengths to take revenge on her husband and his attractive lover. The book, Weldon says, is about envy, rather than revenge.

The novel was made into two movies. In 1986 it was as an award-winning BBC television serial. It starred Patricia Hodge as Mary Fisher, Dennis Waterman as Bobbo and Julie T. Wallace as Ruth. In 1989 it was made as "She-Devil". This version starred Roseanne Barr as the "she-devil" and Meryl Streep as her adversary, Mary Fisher.


Blackadder II

Blackadder II is the second series of the BBC sitcom "Blackadder". It was written by Richard Curtis and Ben Elton. It aired from 9 January to 20 February 1986. The series is set in England during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I (1558–1603). The main character, Edmund, Lord Blackadder is a Tudor courtier trying to win the favour of the Queen while avoiding the fate of many of her suitors.

The series had several from the format of "The Black Adder". These changes were: Ben Elton replaced Rowan Atkinson as the second writer, it was made in studio sets, rather than on location, the introduction of the more familiar Machiavellian "Blackadder" character and a less intelligent Baldrick.

The size of the main cast was smaller compared to the previous series. A fixed number of characters appeared in every episode. 

The series also had at least one significant cameo role per episode. There were notable appearances from Rik Mayall, playing Lord Flashheart in "Bells", two figures famous for their roles in science fiction series - Tom Baker and Simon Jones - in "Potato", Miriam Margolyes, as the puritanical Lady Whiteadder, and Hugh Laurie appearing twice, first as the drunken Simon Partridge in "Beer" and in the final episode as the evil Prince Ludwig. Laurie was later given a larger role as George in the next two series.


Kenny Everett

Kenny Everett (25 December 1944 – 4 April 1995) was a British comedian, radio DJ and television entertainer. Born Maurice James Christopher Cole, Everett is best known for his career as a radio DJ and for The Kenny Everett Video Show.

Everett married singer Lee 'Lady Lee' Middleton (Billy Fury's former girlfriend) in 1966. By 1979 they had separated. In the mid-1980s, he publicly acknowledged his homosexuality.

Everett was told in 1989 that he had HIV. He went public with his illness in 1993. He died from an AIDS-related illness in London on 4 April 1995, aged 50.

The following is a list of the main shows Everett presented.



On 18 November 2007, ITV1 broadcast a tribute show to Everett called "Licence To Laugh." Friends and colleagues said what it was like to know and work with the man they affectionately called "Cuddly Ken". Additionally, current celebrities such as Chris Moyles and Chris Tarrant talked about their love for the outrageous entertainer. They shared the ways in which Everett had influenced them and their work. It also had archive footage.

In March 2010 the BBC said it was making a 90-minute TV biopic called "Number One in Heaven". It was to be written by Tim Whitnall and focus on Everett's unhappiness at secondary school.

In April 2012 the BBC said it was working on a 90-minute TV biopic called "The Best Possible Taste". This would focus on the performer's relationship with his ex-wife, singer Lee Middleton.

Pilica (river)

Pilica is a river in central Poland. It has a length of 319 kilometres (8th longest) and an area of 9,273 km (all in Poland).

Csiribpuszta

Csiribpuszta was a village, it is now part of Gárdony, Hungary. The postal code is 2484.

Csiribpuszta's altitude is 150 meters.
137 people lived there in 2010.


Onam

Onam is the most popular festival in the state of Kerala, India. Onam is the official state festival of Kerala. It is celebrated with joy and enthusiasm all over the state by Malayalees regardless of religion, caste or creed. According to a popular legend, the festival is celebrated to welcome King Mahabali, whose spirit is said to visit Kerala in the time of Onam. It also is hindu festival but there is no inequality among cast all cast celebrate it together 

Onam is a 10 day long festival celebrated in the beginning of the month of Chingam, the first month of the Malayalam Calendar (Kollavarsham). This corresponds with the month of August to September according to the Gregorian Calendar. Of the 10 days, the first day, Atham and tenth day, Thiruvonam are most important of all.

The legend is of King Asura (popularly known as Maveli), a mythical king who ruled over Kerala. He was greatly respected in his kingdom and was considered to be wise, and extremely generous. Everybody was happy in his kingdom. There was no discrimination on the basis of caste or class. Rich and poor were treated equally. There was neither crime, nor corruption. Due to his popularity, the Gods became extremely concerned and jealous. They felt threatened and decided to end his reign. They asked Lord Vishnu to go to earth in the form of a dwarf Brahmin. Disguised as Vamana, Vishnu requested Mahabali for 3 feet of land. Kind Mahabali granted him the land, Vamana began to expand and eventually increased himself to the size of cosmic proportions. With his first step, the Brahmin boy covered the whole of earth and with the other step he covered the whole of the skies. He then asked the King where is the space for him to keep the third foot. King Mahabali with folded hands bowed before Vamana and asked him to place his last step on his head so that he could keep the promise. The brahmin placed his foot on the head of the King and trampled Mahabali to the netherworld. There, the King requested Lord Vishnu to be allowed to visit his land and people once a year, and Vishnu granted him his wish. It is the day of the visit of King Mahabali to Kerala that is celebrated as Onam every year. The origin of Onam is beliefs from the Thrikakkara Vamana Moorthi Temple in Ernakulam district of Kerala.

Elaborate feasts known as sadhya, folk songs, elegant dances, energetic games, elephants, boat race (Vallam Kali) and concentric floral decorations (Athapookkalam) are all part of this dynamic festival. Malayalees make all the efforts to celebrate the festival in a grand way and impress their beloved King that they are happy and to wish him well. People buy new clothes and sweets during the celebration of Onam. Popularity and presentation of rich culture of the state during the festival made Onam the official State Festival of Kerala in 1961.

The government promotes Onam internationally in a big way and celebrates 'Tourist Week' for Kerala during Onam celebrations. Thousands of domestic and foreign tourists visit Kerala to be a part of Onam every year.

Yu Hyeong-won

Yu Hyeong-won (유형원 柳馨遠, 1622-1673) was a Korean politicians, writer, and scholar in the Joseon Dynasty. He is best known as a Neo-Confucian scholar and as an early "Silhak" scholar.



Bak Jega

Bak Jega (; 1750 - 1805) was a Korean politician, writer, and scholar in the Joseon Dynasty. He is best known as a Neo-Confucian scholar and as an early "Silhak" scholar.


List of national museums

A national museum is a museum that is kept by a nation.
The following is a list of national museums:



















































































List of deserts

This is a list of deserts. It is sorted by the region of the world where the desert is at.








List of largest lakes of Europe

This is a list of lakes of Europe with an average area greater than 100 km². Some smaller lakes may be missing from the list.

Column 1 is the overall ranking. Column 2 is the rank in the sub-region using the map to the right.

Roland Rat

Roland Rat (birthday 12 March) is a British television puppet character. He was created, operated and voiced by David Claridge.

Roland lived beneath King's Cross railway station in The Ratcave . He had an infant brother called Little Reggie, and a girlfriend: Glenis the Guinea Pig. Friends included Errol the Hamster and Kevin the Gerbil. Claridge did the voice for all three main characters: Roland Rat, Errol the Hamster and Kevin The Gerbil. They were often on screen together. Roland Rat's car 'the Ratmobile' is a bright pink 1953 Ford Anglia.


The Silver Chair (1990)

The Silver Chair was on BBC television in 1990. It was the third and final series of "The Chronicles of Narnia" that ran from 1988 to 1990.

The six-part series followed the book in great detail. It included all key features. It was filmed in several locations including Peak Cavern, Derbyshire.


States of Venezuela

Venezuela is divided into 23 states ("estados"), 1 capital district and the federal dependencies that consist of a large number of Venezuelan islands. Venezuela also claims the Guayana Esequiba territory which is made up of six districts in the independent nation of Guyana.

Below is a list of the 23 states of Venezuela. The states are listed along with their correspondent emblems, data and location.


Hande Yener

Hande Yener (born January 12, 1973 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish pop singer. She has introduced different styles to the ever-expanding Turkish pop music scene. Each one of her albums has generated a lot of interest due to the different styles, genres and rhythms. Her looks and image also go through constant change which blends with the sort of music she releases at the time. Hande Yener has a soprano vocal range. She has got thirteen studio albums and three EPs.

Yener was born in Kadıköy, Istanbul. She left school in the second grade and got married. In the 2000s, she was one of the few artists who had an album that sold over 1 million copies in Turkey. In 2013, she was the Turkish singer whose music videos were viewed the most on YouTube. By the end of the 2000s, she was known as a gay icon inside Turkey, and made some statements demanding the advancement of LGBT rights in Turkey. In the 2000s, she was one of the few artists who had an album that sold over 1 million copies in Turkey. In 2013, she was the Turkish singer whose music videos were viewed the most on YouTube. By the end of the 2000s, she was known as a gay icon inside Turkey, and made some statements demanding the advancement of LGBT rights in Turkey.




Lily Tomlin

Mary Jean "Lily" Tomlin (born September 1, 1939) is an American actress, writer and a comedian. She has had a large effect on American comedy since the late 1960s. Her career has involved movies, Broadway stage acts and television. She has won many awards, including an Emmy, a Grammy and a Tony Award. Tomlin was born in Detroit, Michigan. She is openly lesbian and has been with her partner Jane Wagner for over 40 years.


Hyperland

Hyperland is a 50-minute long documentary movie about hypertext and surrounding technologies. It was written by Douglas Adams and produced and directed by Max Whitby. It ran on BBC Two in 1990. It stars Douglas Adams as a computer user and Tom Baker as a personification of a software agent.

In the show Adams has a dream where he is browsing through various media. While Adams is browsing, many people and projects related to the general theme of hypertext and multimedia are presented:


The dream (and the documentary) ends with a vision of how information might be accessed in 2005. "Hyperland" does describe a number of features of the modern web. This is especially noteworthy because it predates the public release of the first Web browser by about a year.


Cluedo (game show)

Cluedo was a UK television game show. It was based on the Cluedo board game. Each week, a reenactment of the murder of a visiting guest at the home Arlington Grange was played. Questions would be asked of the suspects. Only the murderer could lie. Using deduction, celebrity guests had to discover who committed the murder, which of six weapons was used and in which room it was committed. Viewers were invited to play along at home.

The show's six suspects were the original from the board game. The show's six weapons were different between episodes. The show's six rooms were: the Drawing Room, the Kitchen, the Dining Room, the Billiard Room, the Library and the Study.


Screen Two

Screen Two is a British television anthology drama series. It was produced by the BBC and transmitted on BBC2 between 1985 to 1994. 
It was developed by producer Kenith Trodd. It was popular enough with viewers for a BBC1 equivalent, "Screen One", which was launched in 1989.

However, the mid-1990s saw a change for BBC drama. They went away from single dramas toward drama series and serials. "Screen One" ended in 1993 and "Screen Two" in 1994. Movies from both strands are occasionally repeated on BBC Four.

Danger triangle of the face

The danger triangle of the face is a triangle with two corners at both corners of the mouth and one corner in the middle of the nose between the eyes. The way the blood flows to the human nose is special, so it is possible (but very unlikely) for infections to spread directly to the brain from a cut, scratch or a popped pimple.

Almost all people have valves in the veins of the face. But even with one-way valves, blood flow between the facial vein and cavernous sinus can spread infection from the face. It is the direction of blood flow that is important. Infection may possibly lead to cavernous sinus thrombosis, meningitis or brain abscess.


The Duchess (movie)

The Duchess is a 2008 drama movie directed by Saul Dibb. It is about the 18th-century English noblewoman Georgiana Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire. It stars actors Keira Knightley and Ralph Fiennes. The movie was based on a book by Amanda Foreman.

The costume designer Michael O'Connor was nominated for, and won the Academy Award for Best Costume Design, the BAFTA Award for Best Costume Design and the Satellite Award for Best Costume Design.


Notepad++

Notepad++ is a text editor and source code editor for Microsoft Windows.

Notepad++ is distributed as free software and licensed under the GNU General Public License.
In 2020, Notepad++ was banned by China. This is because the developers protested to Hong Kong and Uyghur affairs.

Medics (TV series)

Medics was a British medical drama series. It was first broadcast on ITV on 14 November 1990. The show ran for five series with a total of 40 episodes. The show came to end on 24 November 1995. It follows the everyday lives and loves, trials and troubles of the doctors, nurses, patients and staff of a large teaching hospital. It is set in the north-west of England near the city of Manchester.

Medics had many cast members over its five-year history:

This list is by order of first appearance:


The Imaginatively Titled Punt &amp; Dennis Show

The Imaginatively Titled Punt & Dennis Show is a British stand-up and sketch show by comedians Steve Punt and Hugh Dennis. There are two series: the first was shown in 1994; the second in 1995.

Alistair McGowan and Ronni Ancona were among the regular guests on the show. It only ran for two series. The second was more simply titled "Punt and Dennis".

There were several character inventions in the sketches. Some of these were "The Gullibles", who were always falling for scams, as well as a number of Punt and Dennis's characters from "The Mary Whitehouse Experience", such as the milk-obsessed "Mr Strange". There were also spoofs from TV programs such as "Baywatch" and "The X-Files".

The second series also had performances by tribute bands. They impersonated bands including The Beatles and The Rolling Stones.

This Is Your Life (British TV series)

This is Your Life is a British biographical television documentary. It is based on the 1952 American show of the same name. It was hosted by Eamonn Andrews from 1955 until 1964. Then from 1969 until his death in 1987 aged 64. Michael Aspel then took up the role of host until the show ended in 2003.

In the show the host surprises a special guest, before taking them through their life with the assistance of the 'big red book'. Both celebrities and non-celebrities have been 'victims' of the show. The show was first broadcast live. Over its run it has changed between being broadcast on the BBC and on ITV.

List of settlements in Iceland

This is a list of cities and towns in Iceland. 


List of settlements in India

This is a list of cities and towns in India. This article is based on "Census of India". 

According to the data from the Census of 2011, cities and towns can be broadly classified as: 


Abbreviations used in this article are:

Nagalapuram

List of cities in Indonesia

This is a list of official cities in Indonesia. They are organized by major island or region. The population numbers are based on data from 2005.

List of cities in Iraq

This is a list of cities in Iraq.


List of cities in Israel

This is a list of the cities in Israel.


List of settlements in Jamaica

This is a list of cities and towns in Jamaica.

List of cities in Jordan

This list of cities in Jordan shows the growth of the population in the largest cities in Jordan. The largest urban area in Jordan is Amman with a population of 1,942,066 (2004 census). About 40 percent of the country's population lives in the metropolitan area.

The table lists cities with more than 30,000 inhabitants, the name in Latin letters and in Arabic. With three population statistics, one on December 10, 1994, one in October 2004, and the last in 2015, and the governorate is also listed.

List of cities in Kazakhstan

This is a list of cities with more than 50,000 people in Kazakhstan. The names of many places have been changed during the last century, sometimes more than once. Wherever possible, the old names have been included and linked to the new ones.

List of settlements in Kiribati

This is a list of cities and villages in Kiribati


List of cities in North Korea

This is a list of ten cities in North Korea with the most people.


List of cities in Lebanon

This is a list of the ten largest cities in Lebanon. There are 851 cities and towns in Lebanon.

Max Bygraves

Max Bygraves (Walter William Bygraves, October 16, 1922 – August 31, 2012) was a British talk show host, singer, movie and television actor, and comedian. He hosted "Family Fortunes" from 1983 to 1985. 

He was born in Rotherhithe, London, England, on October 16, 1922. He was married to Gladys Murray from 1942 until her death in 2011; they had a daughter. Bygraves died on August 31, 2012, in Hope Island, Queensland, Australia, from Alzheimer's disease; he was 89 years old.


List of cities in Liberia

This is an incomplete list of cities in Liberia:

List of cities in Libya

This a list of the 100 largest places in Libya. 

"Source:Amraja M. el Khajkhaj, "Noumou al Mudon as Sagheera fi Libia", Dar as Saqia, Benghazi-2008, pp. 118-123."

List of cities in Lithuania

This is a list of cities in Lithuania. There are 103 cities.

Map showing all cities marked with red dots. Bigger cities are written in larger letters. Click on the map for better resolution.

List of cities in Luxembourg

There are twelve cities in Luxembourg. This is a list of the cities.

List of cities in North Macedonia

This is a list of cities in the Republic of North Macedonia. In the country there are 34 cities. 5 have a population of over 50,000 and 12 towns have a population of under 10,000 people. The capital city, Skopje, is home to around 30% of the total population of the country.

List of cities in Madagascar

This is a list of cities in Madagascar.

List of cities in Malawi

This is a list of towns in Malawi.

List of cities in Mali

This is a list of cities in Mali. 
The next table lists all the remaining "urban" communes with under 50,000 population from the 1 April 2009 census.

Note that * signifies an entity within the self-declared Republic of Azawad.

List of cities in Mauritania

This is a list of cities in Mauritania. All cities with a population of over 10,000 are listed.


List of settlements in Mauritius

This is a list of cities, towns and villages in Mauritius.

This is a complete list of all 124 villages in Mauritius. Note that some of the villages are divided into different suburbs. 
Rodrigues has 14 municipalities or zones:
For statistical purposes, the zones are further subdivided into a total of 182 localities. Each zones have a minimum of six localities.

List of cities in Moldova

There are 66 cities in Moldova.

List of cities in Mongolia

This is a list of cities in Mongolia.

In the table a light pink color means the number of people went down. Light green means a growth of 1 to 2 percent. Dark green means growth of more than 2 percent

Academy Award for Best Costume Design

The Academy Award for Best Costume Design is one of the Academy Awards of Merit. It is given each year by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) for achievement in movie costume design.

It was first given for movies made in 1948. This was when separate awards were given for black-and-white and color movies. Since the merger of the two categories in 1967, the academy has not given out the award to contemporary movies very often.

From 1957 onwards, the award merged into one category.

For 1959 the Award was again divided into two awards.

From 1967 the category was merged permanently.



Satellite Award for Best Costume Design

The Satellite Award for Best Costume Design is one of the Satellite Awards. It is given each year by the International Press Academy.


Duchess (disambiguation)

Duchess is a rank of nobility. It is the female equivalent of Duke.

Duchess may also be:







Duke (disambiguation)

A Duke or Grand Duke is a title for nobility of very high rank.

Duke or Dukes may also be:











Dutchess (disambiguation)

Dutchess may be:




Duchess lorikeet

The duchess lorikeet ("Charmosyna margarethae") is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.

They are found on Bougainville Island in Papua New Guinea, and in the Solomon Islands. They live in subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and plantations. They are threatened by habitat loss.

Academy Award for Best Actor

Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role is one of the Academy Awards of Merit. It is presented each year by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). It is to recognize an actor with an outstanding performance in a movie. Before 1976, this award was called the Academy Award of Merit for Performance by an Actor. Since the beginning the award has commonly been called the Oscar for Best Actor.

Actors are nominated for this award by Academy members who are actors and actresses themselves. The winner is selected by the Academy membership as a whole.

Winners are listed first in bold, followed by the other nominees.



Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor

Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role is one of the Academy Awards of Merit. It is presented each year by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). It is to recognize an actor with an outstanding performance in a movie. Since the beginning, the award has commonly been called the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor. 

Actors are nominated for this award by Academy members who are actors and actresses themselves. Winners are selected by the Academy membership as a whole.

Winners are listed first in bold, followed by the other nominees.

2 wins
3 wins

2 nominations

2 nominations (cont.)
3 nominations

4 nominations



Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress

Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role is one of the Academy Awards of Merit. It is presented each year by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). It is to recognize an actress with an outstanding performance in a movie. Since the beginning, the award has commonly been called the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress.

Actresses are nominated for this award by Academy members who are actors and actresses themselves. Winners are selected by the academy membership as a whole.

Winners are listed first in bold, followed by the other nominees.


Academy Award for Best Animated Feature

The Academy Award for Best Animated Feature is the award for the best animated movie. It is given each year by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. The Academy Awards, or Oscars, are the oldest award for movies. This award for animation was started in 2001.

Only movies at least 40 minutes long are eligible for the award.

The Golden Globes and BAFTA Awards have followed the academy's example. Both now present similar awards.

The following table shows the nominees and the winners. The winners are in bold print with a yellow background.



Academy Award for Best Production Design

The Academy Awards are the oldest awards ceremony for achievements in movies. The Academy Award for Best Production Design recognizes achievement in art direction on a movie. The category's first name was Best Art Direction. It was changed to its current name for the 85th Academy Awards. The Art Director's category was renamed the Designer's category.

In the lists below, the winner of the award for each year is shown first, followed by the other nominees.

Academy Award for Best Assistant Director

The Academy Award for Best Assistant Director is one of the Academy Awards. It was given from 1933 to 1937. In the first year of this award it was not given for a specific movie.







Julie Nixon Eisenhower

Julie Nixon Eisenhower (born July 5, 1948) in Washington, D.C. is the youngest daughter of former President of the United States Richard Nixon and former First Lady of the United States Pat Nixon. She married David Eisenhower, grandson of Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1968. She is the younger sister of Tricia Nixon Cox.

The Eisenhowers have two daughters and one son:

Choi Ik-hyun

Choi Ik-hyun(, December 5, 1833 - November 5, 1906) was a Neo-Confucianism philosopher and politician in the Korean Joseon Dynasty.

His realname was Ginam(기남 奇男) and his Penname was Myonam(면암 勉庵).


Yi Ik

Yi Ik (, 1681–1763) was a Korean Joseon dynasty politician. He was also an economist and Neoconfucianism philosopher.

His nickname was Seongho(성호 星湖). His Courtesy name was Jashin(자신 子新).



Yi Seo-woo

Yi Seo-woo (, 1633–1709) was a Korean Joseon dynastys politician. He was also a writer, poet, economist, Neoconfucianism philosopher, and artist.

His nickname was Songgok (송곡 松谷), Songpha(송파 松坡), Gyeong(구계 癯溪). His Courtesy name was Yunbo (윤보 潤甫), Hyujing(휴징 休徵).



Rachel Corrie

Rachel Aliene Corrie (10 April 1979 in Olympia, Washington – 16 March 2003 in Rafah) was an American human rights activist, peace activist and a member of the International Solidarity Movement (ISM), who was crushed to death by an armored bulldozer belonging to the Israel Defense Forces, while she was protesting against the destruction of Palestinian homes in Gaza. The eyewitnesses said that the Israeli soldier operating the bulldozer on purpose ran over Corrie, and the Israeli government claims it was an accident.

Her life has been the focus of several tributes, including the play "My Name Is Rachel Corrie", the cantata "The Skies are Weeping" and more than 30 songs. Her collected writings were published in 2008 under the title "Let Me Stand Alone", opening "a window on the maturation of a young woman seeking to make the world a better place." The Rachel Corrie Foundation for Peace and Justice has been established to continue her work.

She has been compared to Anne Frank.

Lesley Gore

Lesley Gore (May 2, 1946 – February 16, 2015) was an American singer, actress, and feminist. She has had many hit songs. She is especially known for her hit single "It's My Party". Gore was also an actress and she appeared as a Catwoman sidekick in the 1960s television series "Batman". During her career, she was nominated for a Grammy Award and an Academy Award.

Gore was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She raised in Tenafly, New Jersey. She studied at Dwight School for Girls. Gore was a lesbian and was in a 33-year relationship with Lois Sasson. Gore was Jewish.

Gore died of lung cancer at the age of 68 in Manhattan, New York City. Her death was confirmed by her partner Lois Sasson.


Florence Welch

Florence Leontine Mary Welch (born 28 August 1986 in London) is an English singer who is part of Florence and the Machine. Evelyn Welch is a Professor of Renaissance Studies and Academic Dean for Arts at Queen Mary, University of London and author and formerly a Studio 54 regular. Nick Welch works in advertising. Welch says she is prone to "falling into severe holes” that leave her crying on the floor. Welch has been diagnosed with dyslexia and dysmetria. Welch would like to have a career similar to PJ Harvey and Björk who are "constantly creating new exciting stuff". When she was 13, Welch found comfort in the music of Hole, Nirvana, Green Day, Kate Bush, Annie Lennox, The Velvet Underground and Celine Dion. As a teenager she was the frontwoman for Toxic Cockroaches and Ashok. Feeling she was in "the wrong band" she got out of a contract with Ashok by resigning.

Louis Oosthuizen

Lodewicus Theodorus "Louis" Oosthuizen (born October 19, 1982) is a PGA Tour golfer. He is from South Africa. He is currently leading the Deutsche Bank championship. He won the 2010 Open Championship and was runner-up in the 2012 Masters Tournament.

He won many amateur titles before turning professional in 2002 at the age of 19. In March 2010, he won his first European Tour event at the Open de Andalucia de Golf. He also won the 2010 Masters Par 3 Contest.

Maria Menounos

Maria Menounos (born June 8, 1978) is an American/Greek actress, television host, and journalist. 

She has worked for news programs. These include "Extra" and "Access Hollywood". She has also been in many movies. Menounos was born in Massachusetts.

In 2017, she underwent surgery for a brain tumor.

The Miracles

The Miracles are an R&B music group that are notable as the first successful act for Berry Gordy's Motown Records. Their 1960 single, "Shop Around", became Motown's first million selling record, and they went on to become Motown's signature acts in the 1960s. The group were founded around 1955 under Smokey Robinson, Warren "Pete" More and Ronald "Ronnie" White. They carried over 50 hit songs between 1959 and 1978. In particular, their songs "Shop Around", "The Tears of a Clown" and "Love Machine" hit #1 on several music charts. The group were formed in Detroit. They had been the best porn people there was to ever excist.

This Means War

This Means War is a 2012 American action romantic comedy movie. Reese Witherspoon stars. The subject involves romances and CIA agents. This comedy was released February 17, 2012 in the United States. It received negative reviews, though performed well at the box office.

Alan Arkin

Alan Wolf Arkin (March 26, 1934 June 29, 2023) was an American actor, director, musician, and singer. He is known for his Academy Award winning role as Edwin Hoover in "Little Miss Sunshine" (2006) and for his award-nominated role as Lester Siegel in "Argo" (2012).

Arkin appeared in small roles or cameo appearances including "The Muppets" (2011). He won a BAFTA Award, a Golden Globe Award, a Genie Award, a Drama Desk Award, and a Tony Award.

In 2019, he was in the Disney movie "Dumbo" as the voice of J. Griffin Remington.

Arkin was born in Brooklyn, New York City on March 26, 1934. He was educated at Bennington College. He was a member of The Second City.

Arkin was married to Jeremy Yaffe from 1955 until they divorced in 1961. He married Barbara Dana in 1964. They divorced during the 1990s. He married Suzanne Newlander in 1996. He has two sons with Yaffe including actor Adam Arkin, and 1 with Dana. He lived in Carlsbad, California from 2007.

Arkin died on June 29, 2023 at his home in San Marcos, California from congestive heart failure at the age of 89. He had a history of heart problems.


Mae Laborde

Mae Laborde (Mae Shamlin May 13, 1909 – January 9, 2012) was an American movie and television actress, and an entertainer. She was born in Fresno, California on May 13, 1909. She was married to Nicholas Laborde until his death. They had one daughter. Laborde started her career at the age of 93 in 2002, up until her death in 2012 at the age of 102. Laborde died on January 9, 2012 in Santa Monica, California from natural causes. She was 102 years old.

Laborde is mostly known for her role as Mrs. Mendelson in "Pineapple Express" (2008). She also played Gladys on "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia".

Rachel Corrie Foundation for Peace and Justice

Rachel Corrie Foundation for Peace and Justice is an American human rights organization located in Olympia, Washington. It is named for Rachel Corrie, and was founded by her parents in 2003 to promote grassroots efforts that advance human rights, peace and social, economic and environmental justice in the spirit of Rachel Corrie. It has a particular emphasis on Palestine and Israel.


List of cities in Montenegro

This is the list of cities and towns in Montenegro. 

List of cities in Morocco

This is a list of cities in Morocco. 

Lloyd Bridges

Lloyd Vernet Bridges, Jr. (January 15, 1913 – July 9, 2002) was an American television, radio, voice, stage, and movie actor who is mostly known for his role as Mike Nelson in "Sea Hunt" and for being the father of Jeff Bridges and Beau Bridges. 

He was born on January 15, 1913 in San Leandro, California. His career stated in 1936 and would last until his death in 2002. Bridges was married to Dorothy Simpson from 1938 until his death in 2002, they had 4 children (including Jeff Bridges and Beau Bridges) one son died at birth. He has a grandson Jordan Bridges (the son of Beau Bridges). Bridges died on July 9, 2002 in Los Angeles, California from natural causes, he was 85 years old. He was cremated. 


Martin Short

Martin Hayter Short OC (born March 26, 1950) is a Canadian actor, comedian, singer and writer. He is mostly known for hosting Second City Television and Saturday Night Live and for making the voice of Cat in the animated series "The Cat in the Hat". He won three Emmy Awards and a Tony Award.

More recently, Short is known for his live comedic performance with friend and fellow comedian Steve Martin.

Short was born and raised in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. He was educated at Westdale Secondary School and at McMaster University. He married Nancy Dolman from 1980 to 2010. They had three children. Short lives in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles, California and Lake Rosseau.




List of cities in Nepal

This is a list of cities in Nepal.

Albert Finney

Albert Finney (9 May 1936 – 7 February 2019) was a British actor. His career lasted 60 years. Finney was mostly known for his role in "Tom Jones", for his role as Hercule Poirot in "Murder on the Orient Express" and for his role as Edward Bloom in "Big Fish". He won a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, an Emmy Award, and a BAFTA Award. He was also the voice of Finis Everglot in Tim Burton's "Corpse Bride".

Finney was born in Salford, Greater Manchester on 9 May 1936. He was educated at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. Finney married Jane Wenham from 1957 to 1961. Finney married Anouk Aimée from 1970 to 1978. He married Pene Delmage in 2006. He had a son, Simon.

In May 2011, Finney received treatment for kidney cancer. Finney died from a respiratory tract infection on 7 February 2019.

Finney declined the offer of a CBE in 1980, as well as a knighthood in 2000. He criticised these honours as "perpetuating snobbery".


The Tragically Hip

The Tragically Hip are a Canadian rock band from Kingston, Ontario. The Tragically Hip have four members in the band; the current band members are Rob Baker, Gord Sinclair, Johnny Fay and Paul Langlois. Singer Gord Downie was in the band until he died in 2017.

The band was formed in 1983. They released a self-titled EP in 1987 and released their debut album "Up to Here" on August 30, 1989. The band released their eleventh studio album, "Now for Plan A", in 2012. The band was given a star on Canada's Walk of Fame in 2002 and was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 2005. They have won many Juno Awards as well.




John Huston

John Marcellus Huston (August 5, 1906 – August 28, 1987) was an American movie director, producer, screenwriter and actor.

He wrote the screenplays for 37 movies he directed, many of which are today known as classics such as; "The Maltese Falcon" (1941), "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre" (1948), "Key Largo" (1948), "The Asphalt Jungle" (1950), "The African Queen" (1951), "Moulin Rouge" (1952), "The Misfits" (1961), and "The Man Who Would Be King" (1975).

During his 46-year career, Huston was nominated for 15 Academy Awards, for which he won only two. He was the father of actress Anjelica Huston and actor Danny Huston and was the son of actor Walter Huston.

He was born in Nevada, Missouri on August 5, 1906. His father was Academy Award-winning actor Walter Huston.

He was married to Dorothy Harvey from 1925 until they divorced in 1926. Then he married Lesley Black from 1937 until they divorced in 1945. Thirdly he married Enrica Soma from 1950 until her death in 1969. Lastly he married Celeste Shane from 1972 until they divorced in 1977. He was partners with Zoe Sallis. Huston had 5 children (one is adopted), including Anjelica Huston.

Huston died August 28, 1987 in Middletown, Rhode Island from pneumonia caused by his emphysema; he was 81 years old.

Mike Hagerty

Michael Gerard Hagerty (May 10, 1954 – May 5, 2022) was an American movie and television actor. He was best known for his role as Rudy, a clothing salesmen in the television series "Seinfeld". He was born on May 10, 1954 in Chicago, Illinois.

Hagerty died while in a coma after having a seizure on May 5, 2022 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California, five days before his 68th birthday. His seizure was caused from a reaction to antibiotics he was taking for an infection in his leg. 


June Gable

June Gable (born June 5, 1945) is a retired American television, stage, and a movie actress who is known for her role has as Estelle Leonard in the hit-comedy series "Friends". She was nominated for a Tony Award. She was born on June 5, 1945 in New York City, New York.


Cosimo Fusco

Cosimo Massimo Fusco (born 23 September 1962) is an Italian movie and television actor. He is known for his role as Paolo in "Friends". He was born in Matera, Italy on September 23, 1962. He lives in Rome, Italy. 

Academy Award for Best Cinematography

The Academy Award for Best Cinematography is an Academy Award. It is given each year to a cinematographer for work in one particular movie.



Maggie Wheeler

Maggie Wheeler (born Margaret Emily Jakobson, August 7, 1961) is an American movie and television actress. She is best known for her role as Janice Litman Goralnik on the sitcom "Friends". She was born in Manhattan, New York on August 7, 1961.

Wheeler is married to Daniel Wheeler. They have two children together.


Saitō Makoto

Saitō was born in Iwate Prefecture. He was a member of the sixth class which graduated from the Japanese Naval Academy.

Saitō rose to the rank of Admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy.

He was Japanese Governor-General of Korea from 1919 to 1927. He returned to Korea as Governor-General from 1929 to 1931.

He was Prime minister from 1932 to 1934.

Saitō continued to be an important figure in politics as Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal from 26 December 1935. He was shot dead during February 26 Incident in 1936 at his home in Yotsuya, Tokyo. His predecessor was also killed along with several other top-rank politicians targeted by the rebels.


Academy Award for Best Director

The Academy Award for Best Directing (Best Director), usually known as the Best Director Oscar, is one of the Awards of Merit presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). It is given to directors for a movie.

Nominations for Best Director are made by members in the academy's Directing branch. The award winners are selected by the academy membership as a whole.

In the first year only, the award was separated into Dramatic Direction and Comedy Direction.

As the Academy Awards are based in the United States and are centered on the Hollywood film industry, the majority of Academy Award winners have been Americans. Nonetheless, there is significant international presence at the awards, as evidenced by the following list of winners of the Academy Award for Best Director.

However, no director has won for a film that is entirely in a foreign language.

There have been 20 directors nominated for films entirely or significantly in a foreign (non-English) language.

Ironically, internationally known filmmakers Jean Renoir (for "The Southerner"), Michelangelo Antonioni (for "Blowup") and Louis Malle (for "Atlantic City") were nominated for films that were in English and not their native language.

Nominations for films primarily in English with some scenes (of a notable length) in a foreign language includes:

Several international nominees (regardless of the language used in their respective films) include:



Trimurti

The Hindu trinity of three gods (Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva) may be referred to as Trimurti.


Academy Award for Best Dance Direction

The Academy Awards for Best Dance Direction is an Academy Award. It was given between 1935 and 1937 only.



Bonnie Hunt

Bonnie Lynne Hunt (born September 22, 1961) is an American comedian, actress, writer, director, television producer, and daytime television hosts. She starred in "The Bonnie Hunt Show" in late 2000s.

Hunt was born in Chicago, Illinois. She is the daughter of Alice E. (née Jatczak), a homemaker, and Robert Edward Hunt, an electrician. Her mother is of Polish ancestry and her father was of Irish and Belgian ancestry. She was raised in a large Catholic family, and has three older brothers, Patrick, Kevin, and Tom, two older sisters, Cathy and Carol, and one younger sister, Mary. Hunt was educated in Catholic schools and attended St. Ferdinand Grammar School and Notre Dame High School for Girls in Chicago.

Hunt married investment banker John Murphy in 1988. However, during her June 6, 2006, appearance on the "Late Show with David Letterman", she mentioned that she was single again.

Hunt's hometown is Chicago and she is a lifelong Chicago Cubs fan, having not missed an Opening Day at Wrigley Field since 1977. She is a supporter of the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation, of which she is an honorary board member.

Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature

The Academy Award for Documentary Feature is one of the most important awards for documentary movies.

In 1942, there was one Documentary category and four winners.
From 1943 there were two separate documentary categories (features and short films)









Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject)

This is a list of movies by year that they received an Oscar. Also listed are the other nominations for best documentary short subject. 



Note: A press release by AMPAS in 2005 says that "Documentary Short Subject winners "Benjy" (1951) and "Neighbours" (1952) are among a group of films that not only competed, but won Academy Awards in what were clearly inappropriate categories. "Benjy", directed by Fred Zinnemann and narrated by Henry Fonda, is the fictional tale of a crippled boy. The film was used as a fundraiser for the Los Angeles Orthopedic Hospital. ... Norman McLaren's "Neighbours", which today would compete in the Animated Short category, used "pixilation" – animation using living people - to create an allegory of war."

























1st Academy Awards

The 1st Academy Awards ceremony was presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). It was to honor the best movies of 1927 and 1928. It took place on May 16, 1929 in Los Angeles, California. AMPAS president Douglas Fairbanks hosted the show.

Tickets cost five dollars, 270 people attended the event and the ceremony lasted fifteen minutes. Awards were made by Louis B. Mayer. It is the only Academy Awards ceremony not to be broadcast either on radio or television.

During the ceremony, the AMPAS gave Academy Awards (now commonly called Oscars) in twelve categories. Winners were announced three months before the live event. Some nominations were announced without reference to a specific movie. Examples were Ralph Hammeras and Nugent Slaughter, who received nominations in the now defunct category of Engineering Effects. Unlike later ceremonies, an actor or director could be awarded for multiple works in a year. Emil Jannings, for example, was given the Best Actor award for his work in both "The Way of All Flesh" and "The Last Command". Moreover, Charlie Chaplin and Warner Brothers each received an Honorary Award.

Winners are listed first.


The following movies received multiple nominations.

The following movies received multiple awards.

Max von Sydow

Carl Adolf "Max" von Sydow (10 April 1929 – 8 March 2020) was a Swedish-born French actor. He was nominated for an Academy Award in 2012 for his role as The Renter in "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" (2011).

He also portrayed Ernst Stavro Blofeld in "Never Say Never Again" (1983). His career started in 1949. His other best known roles were Father Lankester Merrin in "The Exorcist" (1971) and as Emperor Ming the Merciless in "Flash Gordon" (1980).

He was born in Lund, Skåne, Sweden on 10 April 1929. He was educated at Cathedral School and at the Royal Dramatic Theatre. He was married to Kerstin Olin from 1951 until they divorced in 1979, they had two children. He is currently married to Catherine Brelet since 1997, they have 2 children. He currently lives in Los Angeles, California.

Von Sydow was one of the favourite actors of the Swedish movie director Ingmar Bergman. He appeared in twelve Bergman films, most notably as the knight in "The Seventh Seal". This film is typical of the existentialist films of the mid-20th century. The knight plays a game of chess with death against the background crisis of the 13th century, with the Black Death and famine ongoing.

He acted in over 100 movies. His height and manner lent itself to authority figures, and "evil villain" roles. Von Sydow's second marriage to a French lady led to his becoming a French citizen and giving up his Swedish nationality. His family were originally of German/Polish extraction.

Von Sydow died on 8 March 2020 in Provence, France at the age of 90.


Gwangjong of Goryeo

Gwangjong of Goryeo (Korean: 고려 광종; Hanja: 高麗光宗, 925–975) was a Korean ruler. His real name was Wang So (왕소, 王昭), and his courtesy name was Ilhwa (일화 日華). He was the 4th King and Emperor of the Goryeo Dynasty from 947 to 975.


Joseon

Joseon (; also Chosŏn, Choson, Chosun, Cho-sen), was a Korean state started by Taejo Yi Seong-gye. It began after the end of the Goryeo Dynasty at what is today the city of Kaesong. It ended with the assassination of Empress Myeongseong. Joseon was the last dynasty of Korean history and the longest Confucian dynasty.

Today, some Koreans use the word "Joseon" to mean something bad because they think of the Joseon Dynasty as something that failed. Young Koreans use the expression "Hell Joseon" to talk about how hard it is to find a good job in South Korea today.

Hangul is the language of Korea that is still used today. 

Hangul was created by King Sejong the Great in 1443 and officially put into effect nationwide in 1446. It was created based on the shape of the human vocal apparatus when pronouncing it. The creation of Hangul had many good influences, including the creation of culture.

The Japanese Invasion was a war between Joseon and Japan from 1592 to 1598 (7 years). Toyotomi Hideyoshi of Japan invaded Joseon after unifying his country. Then king, Seonjo, fled to the north. But as the Joseon's army, including Yi Sun-sin, fought hard, Japan retreated for a while. Japan invaded again in 1597, and the war ended when Toyotomi Hideyoshi died. 

During the war, many cultural assets of Joseon were destroyed and taken away.

The Qing invasion was a war fought between the Joseon Dynasty and the Qing Dynasty from 1636 to 1637. Joseon fought to protect the country, but Joseon was eventually defeated by the Qing Dynasty.  Injo surrendered to the Qing Dynasty.

At this time, many Qing soldiers kidnapped Joseon women to make concubine or sell them. Including this, a lot of social damage had occurred to Joseon because of this invasion.

 

Freshwater crab

Freshwater crabs are crabs that live in fresh water, mostly in the tropics and subtropics. About 1300 species of freshwater crab have been described. In total, there are about 6700 species of crab. It is thought that there are many undescribed species of freshwater crab; there may be up to 2155 such species. Freshwater crabs show different behaviour than other crabs. Other crabs release a large number of larvae into the environment. These larvae need to cope on their own. In contrast, freshwater crabs care for the young. Many freshwater crabs are endemic to small areas. This means there if there is a threat of the area disappearing, this also applies to the crab, which becomes threatened with extinction.

Domenico Sarro

Domenico Natale Sarro, also called Domenico Sarri, (24 December 1679 – 25 January 1744) was a composer from Italy. He composed 18 operas. He also composed, cantatas, oratorios, and music for flutes and other musical instruments. His operas placed great importance on the music for the singers. They are not often performed today, but they were very popular in Naples in the 1700s. Sarro was born in Trani, a city in southern Italy. He died in Naples.

Domenico Sarro was born in Trani, a city in the Apulia region of Italy. His parents were Filippo and Isabella Sarro. When he was ten years old, his parents sent him to a conservatory (music school) in Naples. Some music historians say that his first music school was the . Others say he also studied at the . (" is the Italian word for "conservatory".) He may also have been a teacher at the . His first important piece of music was an opera called "Opera d'amore" ("The Work of Love"). It was performed in Naples in 1702. The Prince of Villafranca helped Sarro when he was a young man. The Prince helped him to get the job of assistant music master () to the King of Naples in 1704. The Prince also paid Sarro to write pieces of music for him.

In 1705 Sarro married a young music student, Caterina Tortorella. He lost his job as assistant royal music master in 1707, when Austria took over Naples. From 1707 until 1718, he composed mostly church music, oratorios and serenades. He started writing operas again in 1718 and became very famous. He was the first composer to use a libretto by Pietro Metastasio for an opera. The opera was about Dido, Queen of Carthage. It was called "". (Its title means "Dido " in Italian.) It was performed in Naples in 1724 and was a big success. Sarro got his job back as assistant royal music master in 1725. In 1728, he also became the official music master for the city of Naples.

Sarro's opera "Berenice" was chosen to open the Teatro Argentina in Rome in 1732. When the royal music master Francesco Mancini died in 1737, Sarro took over his job. Later that year, his opera ' ("Achilles in Skyros") was chosen to open the new Teatro di San Carlo in Naples. Sarro's wife Caterina died in April 1739. Three months later, he married Rachele de Siena. He was 59 years old. She was 27. Sarro's last new opera, ', was performed in 1741 at the Teatro di San Carlo. It tells the story of Flavius Aetius, a Roman general in the 5th century. ("Ezio" is the Italian name for "Aetius".) Domenico Sarro died in 1744. He was 64 years old. When he died, the composer Leonardo Leo took over his job as the royal music master.

Sources

Subtropics

The subtropics are a climatic region of the world. They lie between the tropics and temperate zones. The temperate zones are more towards the geographical poles, the tropics are more towards the equator. Very often, subtropics are defined through the climate: In general, the mean temperature year round is above , the coldest month of the year has a temperature below this mark. Unlike in a tropical climate, snow and frost do occur in subtropical areas. Humid subtropical climates have hot summers and cool to warm winters with abundant rainfall in every season. Mediterranean climates with their warm to hot dry summers and cool to mild wet winters are often considered subtropical. Subtropical deserts have very hot summers and cool to warm winters, with little rain. Different subtropical areas have different types of plants. Humid subtropical areas have evergreen and deciduous trees, Mediterranean areas have scrub, and deserts have cacti.

Ideogram

An ideogram or ideograph is a graphical symbol that represents an idea or concept. Some ideograms can be understood because they resemble an image; they are known as Pictograms. Others rely on convention to be understandable. 


My Name Is Rachel Corrie

My Name is Rachel Corrie is a play based on the diaries and emails of Rachel Corrie. They were edited by Alan Rickman, who directed the play, and journalist Katharine Viner also helped editing. Rachel Corrie was an American peace activist and student, who travelled to the Gaza Strip. She was killed by an Israeli bulldozer while she was protesting against the destruction of Palestinian homes. The play was first shown in London, at the Royal Court Theatre, in April 2005.


MV Rachel Corrie

MV "Rachel Corrie" is a ship that is owned and operated by the Free Gaza Movement. The ship is named in honour of Rachel Corrie, a former member of the International Solidarity Movement. It was built by J.J. Sietas in Hamburg in 1967, and was originally named "Carsten". it has also carried the names "Norasia Attika", "Manya" and more recently "Linda".

In June 2010, the ship was boarded by Israeli Defence Forces while it was trying to deliver humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip.

Bad Teacher

Bad Teacher is a 2011 American comedy movie. It stars Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel, Lucy Punch and Justin Timberlake. Diaz plays Elizabeth Halsey, a teacher at a fictional Cook County, Illinois middle school. She drinks heavily, and uses marijuana and strong language.

Let Me Stand Alone

Let Me Stand Alone is a book, containing collected writings, including diaries and letters, of Rachel Corrie. It was published by W. W. Norton & Company in 2008. Corrie was killed in 2003 by an armored bulldozer belonging to the Israel Defense Forces, while she was protesting against the destruction of Palestinian homes.

The "collection of her journal entries opens a window on the maturation of a young woman seeking to make the world a better place."



Ving Rhames

Ving Rhames (born May 12, 1959) is an American actor. He has performed in many movies. His notable movies include "Pulp Fiction" (1994) and "Baby Boy" (2001). He was born near Harlem, New York.

List of cities in Norway

This is a list of cities and towns in Norway.

List of cities in Pakistan

This is a list of cities in Pakistan. They each have at least 100,000 people.

List of cities in Panama

This is a list of cities in Panama.


List of settlements in Papua New Guinea

This is a list of the largest cities and towns in Papua New Guinea.
<br>
<br>

List of cities in Paraguay

This is a list of towns and cities in Paraguay.

Abaí
Acahay
Aguaray
Alberdi
Alto Verá
Areguá
Asunción
Atyrá
Ayolas

Bella Vista, Amambay
Benjamín Aceval

Caacupé
Caaguazú
Caapucú
Caazapá
Cambyreta
Capiatá
Capiíbary
Capitán Bado
Capitán Mauricio José Troche
Capitán Meza
Capitán Miranda
Caraguatay
Carayaó
Carmen del Paraná
Cerrito
Ciudad del Este
Concepción
Coronel Bogado
Coronel Martínez
Coronel Oviedo
Curuguaty

Desmochados
Doctor Botrell
Doctor Cecilio Báez
Doctor Eulogio Estigarribia
Doctor Juan Manuel Frutos
Doctor Moisés Bertoni
Doctor Pedro P. Peña

Edelira
Encarnación

Fernando de la Mora
Fernheim Colony
Filadelfia
Fuerte Olimpo

General Artigas
General Delgado
General Elizardo Aquino
General Eugenio A. Garay
General Francisco Álvarez
General Higinio Morínigo
General Isidro Resquín
General José Eduvigis Díaz
Guarambaré
Guayaibi
Guazu-Cua
Hernandaríaz
Hohenhau
Horqueta
Humaitá
Independencia
Isla Pucu
Isla Umbú
Itacurubí de la Cordillera
Itacurubí del Rosario
Itanará
Itapé
Itapúa Poty
Itaquyry
Itauguá
Iturbe
José Falcón
José Fasardi
José Ocampos
Juan Emilio O'Leary

Katueté
La Pastoria
La Victoria
Lambaré
Laureles
Leandro Oviedo
Limpio
Luque
Mariano Roque Alonso
Mariscal Estigarribia
Mariscal Francisco Solano López
Mayor José Dejesús Martínez
Mayor Otaño
Mayor Pablo Lagerenza
Mbaracayú
Mbocayaty
Mbocayty del Yhaguy
Mbutuy
Mbuyapey
Menno Colony
Menno
Minga Guazú
Nanawa
Natalicio Talavera
Natalio
Neuland Colony
Nueva Alborada
Nueva Germania
Nueva Italia
Nueva Londres
Ñacunday
Ñemby
Ñumí
Obligado
Paraguarí
Paso de Patria
Paso Yobai
Pedro Juan Caballero
Pilar
Pirayú
Pozo Colorado
Presidente Franco
Primero de Marzo
Puerto Pinasco

Quiindy
Quyquyho
Raúl Arsenio Oviedo
Repatriación
Salto del Guairá
San Alberto
San Bernardino
San Cosme y Damián
San Estanislao
San Ignacio Guasú
San José de los Arroyos
San Juan Bautista de Ñeembucú
San Juan Bautista, Misiones
San Juan del Paraná
San Lorenzo
San Pablo
San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú
San Pedro del Paraná
San Rafael del Paraná
Sapucaí

Tacuaras
Tacuatí
Tavaí
Tebicuarymí
Tomás Romero Pereira
Tres Corrales
Trinidad
Unión

Vaquería
Veinticinco de Diciembre
Villa Elisa
Villa Franca
Villa Hayes
Villa Oliva
Villalbín
Villarrica
Villeta

Yabebyry
Yaguarón
Yataity
Yataity del Norte
Yatytay
Ybycuí
Ybytimí
Yegros
Ygatimi
Yhú
Ypacaraí
Ypané
Ypehú
Yuty

List of cities in Peru

This is a list of cities in Peru

List of cities and towns in Poland

This is a list of cities and towns in Poland. This list is made up of a list of Polish cities and towns by population and a full list of cities and towns in Poland in alphabetical order.

Poland has:


Below is a table of the most populated cities and towns in Poland. The table ranks cities by population based on data from the Central Statistical Office of Poland.






List of cities in Portugal

This is a list of cities in Portugal.


Jackie Stallone

Jacqueline France "Jackie" Stallone (born Jacqueline France Labofish November 29, 1921 – September 21 2020) was an American astrologer who was mostly known for being the mother of Sylvester Stallone, Frank Stallone, Jr., and her late daughter Toni D'Alto. Her family was from Ukraine.

She was born in Washington, D.C., United States on November 29, 1921. She was married to Frank Stallone, Sr. from 1945 until they divorced in 1957. Second she married Anthony Filti from 1959 until they divorced in 1980. She was married to Stephen Lavine from 1998 until her death. She was also the grandmother of late actor Sage Stallone.

Stallone died on September 21, 2020 in Los Angeles at the age of 98.

List of cities and towns in Russia

This is a list of cities and towns in Russia. According to the data of the 2002 Russian Census, there are 1,108 cities and towns in Russia.


Anne Jackson

Anne June Jackson (September 3, 1925 – April 12, 2016), also known as Anne Wallach, was an American movie, television, and stage actress. She was mostly known for her role as a doctor in "The Shinning" (1980). She was born on September 3, 1926 in Milvale, Pennsylvania. She was educated at the Actors Studio. She was married to Eli Wallach from 1948 until his death in 2014. They had 3 children. 

Jackson died on April 12, 2016 at her apartment in Manhattan, New York, aged 90.


Paul Whitehouse

Paul Whitehouse (born 17 May 1958) is a Welsh movie, television, stage, and voice actor, comedian, and writer. Whitehouse is known for his roles in "The Fast Show", as William van Dort in "Tim Burton's Corpse Bride", and as The March Hare in the 2010 Tim Burton's version of "Alice in Wonderland".

Whitehouse was born on May 17, 1958 in Stanleytown, Glamorgan, Wales and was raised in London, England. Whitehouse was educated at the University of East Anglia. He is divorced and he has 3 children. He is friends with fellow actor Johnny Depp, who has called Whitehouse "one of the greatest actors of all time". He currently lives in Islington, London.

Danfeng County

Danfeng County (, pinyin: Dānfèng Xiàn) is a county of Shangluo Municipality, Shaanxi Province, China. It is in the middle-east part of Shangluo. Its name is from Dan River and Feng Mountain. It covers . As of November 2010, 295,349 people lived here.

Strait of Tartary

Strait of Tartary (Gulf of Tartary, Gulf of Tatary, Tatar Strait, Tartar Strait, Strait of Tartar) is a strait in the Pacific Ocean. It divides the Russian island of Sakhalin from mainland Asia. It connects the Sea of Okhotsk on the north with the Sea of Japan on the south. It is 900 km long, 4–20 m deep, and 7.3 km wide at the narrowest point.

Since 1973, a rail ferry goes across the strait. It connects the port of Vanino, Khabarovsk Krai on the mainland with Kholmsk on Sakhalin Island.

Tsugaru Strait

The is a channel that is between the islands of Honshu and Hokkaido in northern Japan. It connects the Sea of Japan with the Pacific Ocean. It was named after the western part of Aomori Prefecture.

A warm current ("Tsushima-kairyū") runs through the straight from the south to the north.

The Seikan Tunnel passes under the strait at its narrowest point. This is between Tappi Misaki on the Tsugaru Peninsula in Aomori in Honshū and Shirakami Misaki on the Matsumae Peninsula in Hokkaidō.

In the past, the most common way for passengers and freight to cross the strait was by a ferry. This was about a four-hour journey. However, in 1954, the Japanese ship Toya Maru sank in the Tsugaru Strait and many people died, this was because the weather was not good. This was another reason the people wanted the Seikan Tunnel to be made. 

William van der Gouwen

Gilliam van der Gouwen (ca. 1657, Antwerp - buried on 15 March 1716, Amsterdam) was a Flemish engraver. He worked most of his life in the Dutch Republic. 

He made many title pages, maps and book illustrations for books published in Amsterdam. A print of a "Putto blowing bubbles" is one of his artworks. The meaning of the bubbles is that life is short.

Bungo Channel

The is a strait separating the Japanese islands of Kyūshū and Shikoku. It connects the Pacific Ocean and Seto Inland Sea. The narrowest part of this channel is the Hōyo Strait.

The Bungo Strait is featured in the 1958 World War II submarine film "Run Silent, Run Deep". The movie is based upon the 1955 novel by Edward L. Beach, Jr.

MC Lyte

MC Lyte (born Lana Michelle Moorer; October 11, 1970) is an American rap musician. She first became famous in the late 1980s by being the first solo female rap recording artist to release a whole record, starting with 1988's critically acclaimed "Lyte as a Rock". She has recorded many hit singles over the years. She was born near Brooklyn, New York.

Spotted eagle ray

The spotted eagle ray, ("Aetobatus narinari"), is a species of cartilaginous fish, in the eagle ray group. It can be found in tropical waters, including Hawaii, the Gulf of Mexico, off the coast of west Africa, Oceania, and the Indian Ocean.

Spotted eagle rays are around 17 to 35 cm wide at birth, but adults can be as long as 16 ft (5 meters), and have the wingspan of 3 meters (10 ft). An adult weighs 180 to 225 kg. The heaviest ever recorded weighed 230 kg. They have flat disk-shaped bodies, the top is dark blue or black in colour and is covered in white spots, and the belly is white. Spotted eagle rays also have flat snouts which look like a duck's bill. 
They have a long tail which is longer than most other ray's tails, and they have 2-6 venomous spines right behind their pelvic fins.

Spotted eagle rays prefer to swim in waters with the temperature of 24 to 27 °C (75 to 81 °F), and are more active during high tides. They are shy animals and usually avoid humans, but they have been seen leaping out of the water onto boats and landing on people. They search for their food by digging their snouts into the sand on the sea beds. Groups of them are made up of around 6 members swimming in the same direction, at exactly the same speed.
Spotted eagle rays eat crustaceans including shrimp, prawns and crabs, molluscs like octopuses, clams and oysters.

Spotted eagle rays are viviparous, meaning they give live birth. Females are pregnant for around 1 year before giving birth to about 2-4 young which are 17 to 35 cm long. Spotted eagle rays mature at the age of 4 to 6 years old. Spotted Eagle Rays live for around 15–20 years.

The predators of the spotted eagle ray are mainly sharks like the tiger shark, the lemon shark, the bull shark, the great hammerhead shark, and the silvertip shark. These sharks are known to follow female spotted eagle rays during the breeding season and eat the newborn babies.

Spotted eagle rays live in shallow, coastal waters and coral reefs in tropical regions, including Hawaii, the Gulf of Mexico, Oceania, west Africa, the Indian Ocean and the west coast of the United States of America. They are found down to the depths of 80 meters. They can be found in the Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of North Carolina, down to Florida, in the Gulf Stream, in the Caribbean, and down pass the southern part of Brazil. In can also be found in the Pacific Ocean, from the Red Sea to South Africa, and northern Japan and Australia.

The spotted eagle ray is also called the ""White-spotted eagle eay"", the ""bonnet skate"", the ""Bonnet ray"", the ""Duck-billed ray"", and the ""Spotted Duck-billed ray"".


Hecht

Hecht is a surname. Some people with this surname are:

Tsushima Strait

, also known as the Korea Strait, is a narrow body of water between Japan and South Korea. The name is used in two ways. It is used generally to describe the ocean area between Korea and Japan; and it also identifies the sea passage between the islands of Kyushu and Tsushima.

The strait links the East China Sea and the Sea of Japan in the northwest Pacific Ocean. Tsushima Island is between the western channel (Korea Strait) and the eastern channel (Tsushima Strait). 

Depending on usage, the northern shore of the strait is the eastern coast of the Korean peninsula or it may mean the eastern coast of Tsushima. The southern shores of the strait are the western coasts of Kyūshū and Honshū. 

A warm current ("Tsushima-kairyū") runs through the straight from south to north.


Palenquero

Palenquero is a Spanish-African Creole language spoken in Colombia. Is it spoken primarily in the Northern and the Caribbean parts of Colombia; the palenque villages and their diasporas.

Palenquero, just like in the other Spanish-Based Caribbean Creoles, has influences from the contact between European masters and African slaves. In the case of Palenquero, it has been accepted that the maroons (escaped slaves) moved in somewhere in the mountains, along with some Native Americans. The maroons had very little contact with their masters, which led to them having to blend their African substrate languages with the Spanish European ones.

Palenquero has a lot of African influence in its sounds, phonetics, syntax, grammar, vocabulary, and a lot of words.

Lord's Prayer

The African languages that have had the most dominant influence on Palenquero is the languages of the Bantu, specifically the Kongo.

Cuban Creole Oriental is very similar to Palenquero. They even share some words.

Dominican Spanish is similar to Palenquero due to same origins.

Many of the Spanish-based Creoles can be compared to the other Creoles of the Americas, where there has been the blending of African and European languages.


Tsushima Island

Tsushima Island (対馬, "Tsushima") is a Japanese island in the waters between South Korea and Japan.

Beginning in the early 6th century, the island was a province of Japan, It was called Tsushima Province. In the Meiji period, the island and the province became part of Nagasaki Prefecture.



Murder on the Orient Express

Murder in the Orient Express is a book by Agatha Christie. The book was published in 1934. In the book, the detective Hercule Poirot has to solve a murder that happens onboard the Orient Express train.


Charlie Rose

Charles Peete "Charlie" Rose, Jr. (born January 5, 1942) is an American talk show host and journalist. He hosted his own show "Charlie Rose" from 1991 to 2017. He was born in Henderson, North Carolina, on January 5, 1942. Rose went to Duke University. He married Mary King in 1962. They divorced in 1980. He currently lives in New York City, New York.

In November 2017, CBS fired Rose and PBS cancelled his program after eight women accused him of sexual harassment.


Dominique Swain

Dominique Swain (born August 12 1980 in Malibu, California) is an American actress. She has been in many movies. She is best known for her role as the title character in the 1997 drama "Lolita". Swain also played Jamie Archer in the movie "Face/Off".

Charlie Daniels

Charles Edward "Charlie" Daniels (October 28, 1936 – July 6, 2020) was an American country singer-songwriter and musician. He played a fiddle and country rock music. His best known song was "The Devil Went Down to Georgia".

He was honored into the Cheyenne Frontier Days Hall of Fame in 2002, the Grand Ole Opry in 2008, the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum in 2009, and the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2016.

Daniels was born in Wilmington, North Carolina. Daniels was married to Hazel Daniels from 1963 until his death. They had a son, Charlie Daniels, Jr., and three grandchildren. 

Daniels died from a stroke on July 6, 2020 in Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 83.




Michael Jeter

Michael Jeter (August 26, 1952 – March 30, 2003) was an American character actor of film, stage, and television. His television roles included Herman Stiles on the sitcom "Evening Shade" from 1990 until 1994 and Mr. Noodle's brother, Mister Noodle on the "Elmo's World" segments of "Sesame Street" from 2000 until 2003. Jeter's film roles include "Zelig", "Tango & Cash", "The Fisher King", "", 
"Waterworld", "Air Bud", "Patch Adams", "The Green Mile", "Mousehunt", "Jurassic Park III", "Welcome to Collinwood", "Open Range", and "The Polar Express".

Jeter was born in Lawrenceburg, Tennessee on August 26, 1952. He was a homosexual and was partners with Sean Blue from 1995 until his death in 2003.

Jeter was HIV+. He was found dead on March 30, 2003 in his Hollywood, Los Angeles, California home from complications from epilepsy, he was 50 years old. His remains were cremated.


Cayo District

Cayo District is a district in the west of the nation of Belize. The District capital is the town of San Ignacio.

The Cayo District is the largest in Belize. It is on the western side of the country which borders Guatemala. The nation's capital, Belmopan, is in the district.

The Cayo District has the Pre-Columbian Maya ruins of Xunantunich, Cahal Pech, Chaa Creek, and Caracol. Major rivers in the district include the Macal River and the Mopan River.

The Cayo District is mostly an agricultural district. The chief crops are citrus, (oranges, grapefruit, and tangerine), as well as bananas. Recently oil was found in Spanish Lookout and is now in production. In addition to the ruins listed above there are several other important nature reserves including two National Parks, Blue Hole (park) and Guanacaste National Park. Ecotourism is also an important part of the region's economy.

According to the 2000 census, Cayo District had a population of 53,715 people.

Corozal District

Corozal District is the northernmost district of the nation of Belize. The population was 33,335 as of 2000. The district capital is Corozal Town.

The island of Ambergris Caye is close to Corozal District, but it is a part of Belize District.

Pre-Columbian Maya ruins are found in Corozal at Santa Rita near Corozal Town, and at Cerros.

Spanish is the most spoken language in Corozal, followed by English. 80% speak Spanish very well and 60% speak English very well.

Orange Walk District

Orange Walk District is a district in the northwest of the nation of Belize. The district capital is Orange Walk Town. The population was 45,419 persons in 2010.

The Rio Bravo Conservation and Management Area, a large private nature reserve in the Yalbac Hills, is in this district. The land is highly cultivated with sugar cane, sorghum, rice, corn and vegetables. A lot of this agriculture is done by Mennonite farmers. 
The district is home to mostly Maya mestizo descendants of Mexican refugees who fled from the 1840 Caste War.

Tourism is growing. This is due to healthy populations of tropical wildlife and the rich archaeological sites. There are over 400 recorded bird species in the district. The district has two rivers, the Rio Hondo and the New River.

Stann Creek District

Stann Creek District is a district in the south east region of Belize. According to the 2010 census, the district had a population of 32,166 people. Its capital is the city of Dangriga. Dangriga used to be called "Stann Creek Town." Stann comes from "stanns," or safe havens used by colonialists coming from the "old world" to the "new world."

The Stann Creek District is home to the Cockscomb Basin Wildlife Sanctuary. In the sanctuary is Victoria Peak, the highest point in Belize, at 1120 meters (3,675 feet) above sea level.

Toledo District

Toledo District is the southernmost district in Belize. Punta Gorda is the district capital. It is the least developed region in the country. It has some of the most clean rainforests, many caves, coastal lowland plains, and offshore cays. Toledo is home to a wide range of cultures—from Mopan and Kekchi Maya, to Creole, the Garifuna, East Indians, Mennonites, Mestizos, and descendants of US Confederate settlers.

According to the 2010 census, Toledo District had a population of 30,538 people.

The economy of Toledo relies heavily on agriculture. Crops grown include beans and corn, as well as rice. Cacao is grown for the renowned Maya Gold chocolate. The District’s ancient and modern-day links with chocolate are celebrated each year in May.

Vietnamese alphabet

The Vietnamese alphabet (c"hữ Quốc ngữ" in Vietnamese) is a version of the Latin alphabet used to write the Vietnamese language. It uses all of the letters of the ISO Basic Latin Alphabet except for F, J, W, and Z (which are only found in loanwords). However, the alphabet has been changed heavily in order to accurately show Vietnamese pronunciation. Some letters and digraphs make very different sounds than what most readers of the Latin alphabet expect, such as D, R, and GI. One letter has been added, Đ, to show it is a completely different sound from D. Vowel markers are added in order to distinguish different vowel sounds like A, Â, and Ǎ. Tone markers are also added, because Vietnamese is a tonal language, such as Á, Ả, Ã, Ạ, and À. Some vowels have both a vowel marker and a tone marker. For example, the vowel Ǎ can be written as Ắ, Ẳ, Ẵ, Ặ, and Ằ. Sometimes, even non-speakers of Vietnamese can tell something is written in Vietnamese simply based on how many markings a word can have.

Unlike many other Asian languages that are mainly written using an Asian-made writing system, Vietnamese is mainly written using the Latin alphabet, which came from Europe. Before the Vietnamese used the Latin alphabet, they used a writing system based on the Chinese character system called "chữ nôm". Chinese loanwords were written the same as they were in Chinese, but thousands more characters were invented write native Vietnamese words. Due to the amount of time it took to learn the system, the literacy rate in Vietnam was low when this system was used.

In the 17th century, Portuguese Catholic missionaries created a writing system based on their own Latin alphabet to translate Vietnamese and to make it easier to learn for Europeans. When Vietnam first became a French colony, the Latin Vietnamese alphabet and 'chữ nôm' were used alongside each other. Today, however, only the Latin Vietnamese alphabet is officially used in Vietnam, and very few Vietnamese can read 'chữ nôm.'

Here is the total set of characters for the lowercase letters:

The little ₫ is just the Dong (Dollar) sign - most people just write VND for Vietnamese Dong - the currency of Vietnam.

This makes the useful alphabet 89+ letters.
This letter is a word: ở; it means "at" (or "where", "place").

The main letters from the Latin alphabet:

a, b, c, d, e, g, h, i, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, x, y, qu

ô, ơ, â, ă, ê, ư, d

This changed set of characters makes new alphabet letters for use in the Vietnamese language. They are an extension to the set of Latin characters already used. English doesn't extend the alphabet. English just uses the same written characters over again, to denote different (letter) sounds. For example: ape, angry, all, art, aorta, and apple. For the Vietnamese language, sounds are split up with their own letter/character changes.


Note: i and y are essentially the same vowel (and may be exchanged in some situations)

The alphabet is taught in Vietnam's schools with these letters

a, b, c, d, e, g, h, i, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, x, y - ô, ơ, â, ă, ê, ư, đ 

Vietnamese schools teach the alphabet with these 29 letters. The total number of possible letters is much higher if diacritical marks are added.

The F, J, W, Z are not used in native Vietnamese words. Only loanwords borrowed from other languages use these letters.

These are the tone rules for vowels with different sounds. It's like music where only the correct sound can come from the instrument. It doesn't matter which instrument, as long as the sound follows the rules.
Note: This is a spoken language so musical pitch or lilt is not the most changed sound quality. Different voices have different musical pitches. What the speaker will change is the intensity, and time given to the sound parts for each letter (or word). If a speaker uses strong pitch changes, it will probably be for pronunciation.

Before, the alphabet was arranged from 'a to z' by foreign dictionaries, it included two letter sounds. The letters are like two letter sounds in English. 'Ch' in mechanic, or Christmas are good examples. In Viet characters the 'j'(jeh) sound has an equal (sound) that is written as 'tr'(jeh). Letters like 'Tr' used to be in every dictionary's order right in between the other alphabet letters. Another sound is 'ph'. 'Ph' is very famous - it's used in 'phở' the most famous Vietnamese soup in the world. 'Ph' is an 'f' sound, just like in English - 'phone'. 
In addition to the normal alphabet consonants, there are nine possible double-letters and one triple-letter.


Because of a relationship with East Asian languages (Japanese,Chinese etc.) the Vietnamese words can be moved around in their order. The reversal of the syllable-words moves them to another position in the dictionary. Also, the syllable-words can be held behind different syllable-words - like the articles in English. It's best to use a computer query to find them.

Young Vietnamese learners will spend a lot of time with this alphabet. Correction is very common. The need for correction is used in many comedies about uneducated people. Comedies about foreigners are becoming very common too. 
The reason for all the attention is how quickly the meaning will change. To say "I have a sore head, somewhere" ("đầu của tôi là đau đâu!" in Vietnamese) is nearly impossible for (foreign) learners on their first day. A learner will only hear 'dow, dow dow' or 'dough, dough, dough' or 'dow, dough, dough' which does not help when listening. The same problem can be stated in English - 'four forks for foreigners' foreheads forthwith!' 
Each word in Vietnamese can be identical to another word, except for the sounds/tones/letter-changes. The sound is also identical to the ears of English speakers that allow for expression (sound changes) still. 

See: Vietnam Eyes lesson on YouTube

The world includes Vietnam! So, the other letters 'j, f, w and z' are now OK to use in many places - on billboards, posters, T-shirts... But, if you work for any type of Vietnamese authority or association, then limit their use until the authority declares them as acceptable letters. But, the other alphabets that are used in English might not be accepted. For example: the Greek alphabet is very useful for English speakers - but in Vietnam it can lack meaning - it would be a decoration for the general population. Educated people will know more letters from the Greek alphabet.

Vietnamese used to be written in Chinese characters. A variety for Vietnamese is used in traditional culture. Many Chinese speakers find Vietnamese easy to grasp. The combination of two words is very common to Chinese. Example: phat am, Hong Kong/Xiong Gong etc. .

'Diphthongs' are the next most important step to understanding the use of Vietnamese letters. The combination of toned vowels as "dipthongs" and "triphthongs" makes the Vietnamese language very fast. Some phrases can be spoken clearly without a strong clarity from consonants. It's very hard for English speakers to follow the combinations of sounds, especially vowels.

There are many differences between northern and southern dialects of Vietnamese. Hanoi is the standard for northern dialects and Saigon is the standard for southern dialects.

Differences in pronunciation include

The Vietnamese keyboard is always virtual (in software). Nobody can buy a computer keyboard for Vietnamese, in Vietnam. The common QWERTY keyboard is used in Vietnam. Software programs for Vietnamese characters are very common.

The webpage is usually set to include the UTF-8 standard when using the Vietnamese alphabet. If the design of the characters is strange the designer of a web-page will set the font to plain ""Arial"". Some special fonts have been made for Vietnamese alphabets.

<script type="text/javascript">

document.write("\ta"+"\tb"+"\tc"+"\td"+"\te"+"\tg"+"\th"+"\ti"+"\tk"
+"\tl"+"\tm"+"\tn"+"\to"+"\tp"+"\tq"+"\tr"+"\ts"+"\tt"+"\tu"+"\tv"+"\tx"+"\ty"
+"\u00E0"+"\u00E1"+"\u00E2"+"\u00E3"+"\u00E8"+"\u00E9"+"\u00EA"+"\u00EC"
+"\u00ED"+"\u00F2"+"\u00F3"+"\u00F4"+"\u00F5"+"\u00F9"+"\u00FA"+"\u00FD"
+"\u0103"+"\u0111"+"\u0129"+"\u0169"+"\u01A1"+"\u01B0"+"\u1EA1"+"\u1EA3"
+"\u1EA5"+"\u1EA7"+"\u1EA9"+"\u1EAB"+"\u1EAD"+"\u1EAF"+"\u1EB1"+"\u1EB3"
+"\u1EB5"+"\u1EB7"+"\u1EB9"+"\u1EBB"+"\u1EBD"+"\u1EBF"+"\u1EC1"+"\u1EC3"
+"\u1EC5"+"\u1EC7"+"\u1EC9"+"\u1ECB"+"\u1ECD"+"\u1ECF"+"\u1ED1"+"\u1ED3"
+"\u1ED5"+"\u1ED7"+"\u1ED9"+"\u1EDB"+"\u1EDD"+"\u1EDF"+"\u1EE1"+"\u1EE3"
+"\u1EE5"+"\u1EE7"+"\u1EE9"+"\u1EEB"+"\u1EED"+"\u1EEF"+"\u1EF1"+"\u1EF3"+
"\u1EF5"+"\u1EF7"+"\u1EF9");

</script>
Some software is free to use. An open-source software program for the Vietnamese keyboard has already been written.

There are a few virtual keyboard systems to use.

Trani

Trani is a seaport city in the Apulia region of southern Italy. It is on the Adriatic Sea. Its main industries are wine-making, fishing, and mining. The number of people living in Trani in 2011 was 53,940.

The old name of Trani was or Tirenum. An old myth says that Tirenus built the city. Tirenus was the son of Diomedes, a hero in ancient Greece who fought in the Trojan War. The city was on an ancient Roman map called the "". It was the first map to show this city. The map was made in the 3rd century. At first, Trani was a very small city and not very important. It started to grow and be more important in the 9th century. At that time, the Lombards (a Germanic people) ruled Trani. Later, the Byzantine Empire ruled the city.

The Normans took over Trani from the Byzantine Empire in the 11th century. From the 11th century until the 13th century, Trani was a rich and very important city. This was especially true when the Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II ruled Trani. Trani was an important port for the Knights Templar during the Crusades. People came from all over Italy to do business there. Many churches, palaces, and castles were built in Trani during this time. Many Jews lived in Trani at this time. There were 200 Jewish families and four big synagogues in the city. Isaiah di Trani, one of the most famous rabbis of the Middle Ages, lived there.

After Frederick II died in 1250, there was trouble in Trani. In the next 300 years, there were wars between the Angevins, Aragon and Venice over who should rule Trani. The city became poorer and less important. Trani was almost destroyed during the French Revolutionary Wars at the end of the 18th century. Many people in the town were against the French Revolution. In March 1799, they rioted and killed many members of the city's most important families. When the French army saw this, they attacked the city on April 1, 1799. The army killed many people and burned Trani's buildings. Over 1000 people died in the riots and the French attack.

Trani began to grow again in the middle of the 19th century. It grew even more in the 20th century. By 2011, 53,940 people lived in the city.

Today, the main industries in Trani are wine-making, fishing, and mining. Trani is famous for a sweet wine called '. The grapes for this wine are grown in the Trani countryside. Fruit and olives for making olive oil are other important crops for Trani. There are mines for bauxite just outside the city. There are also quarries for a special kind of rock called ' (Trani stone). Trani has special factories for cutting this stone. Many buildings in Trani and in southern Italy are made from this stone. Trani stone was used to build the ports in Malta and Egypt. Trani also has some small factories for making clothes and shoes.


Sources


Provincial city (Vietnam)

A province in Vietnam () is the region of authority. If the province is in the city (), then it will have districts (). If the city has some country districts attached, then they are separated as counties ().

Inside the city, the districts break down into smaller divisions called city wards (). If the county is outside the city, or in a country province, then that county will be broken down into smaller divisional areas ().

There are more divisions in every province:


Five city provinces are directly under the government of Vietnam. Administratively, each city is divided into districts and counties. 

Each city has smaller level administrative units, including the districts, wards, communes, and areas. Administration includes the total area in kilometers square, an official census of the city's population (per million people), and the density of people (per kilometers square). Concentration is usually in the inner city, including more people, with closer living. The country districts have less people.

Administration of each city is done through the City People's Council, with representatives elected directly every five years. Elected representatives decide the plans for economic development, culture, education, and all other responsibilities. The Head of the People's Council consists of a chairman, a vice chairman, and permanent members. Councils are under the supervision and guidance from the National Assembly Standing Committee.

The City People's Council elects the People's Committee, it is the agency directly responsible for the management of the political, security, economic, and cultural interests of the city. The departments of the People's Committee will manage specific areas, such as health, education, investment, justice, finance . In addition, the People's Committee also manages a number of corporations in the city.

The government of Vietnam names at least one level of every location a commune. There is a slight difference between an active commune (Xa), and an administrative commune (Xa Huyen). Some communes are very active as cooperatives. In other areas (and in other divisions) the residents have more to do than just commune activities. It's a difference created by the market-economy. Not everyone elects to work for the commune - in commune jobs.

Foreigners don't normally invest in the cultural homes directly. And, little or no re-gentrification has been occurring after progress. Hems are different. Hems are transformed into beautiful villas/towns. Some hems have a full circuit of interior roadways that allow for better communities.

Many cities are beautified in arrangement between departments, province, district, ward, local committees, and residents. However, this is the source of numerous disputes/arguments. The management of the activity doesn't satisfy all the people involved. But, some people are happy with the result - some people choose to get paid to demolish their own house for the progress of a city plan. 

Older residencies can be left intact for various reasons.

Every division is described so that a committee can manage it. In some provinces committees have established industrial parks. Foreign investment is directed at larger divisions (provinces) who can grant tax and regulation help and incentives.


Containerization

Containerization is a system of freight transport based on a range of steel containers ("shipping containers", "ISO containers" etc.). Containers are built to standardized sizes. They can be loaded and unloaded, stacked, transported over long distances. They can be transferred from one mode of transport to another—ships, rail and semi-trailer trucks—without being opened. The system developed after World War II. It led to greatly reduced transport costs, and supported a great increase in international trade.

Containerization has its origins in coal mining regions in England from the late 18th century onwards. "Loose boxes" were used to containerize coal from the late 1780s, at places like the Bridgewater Canal. They were used for moving coal on and off barges.

By the 1830s, railroads on several continents were carrying containers that could be transferred to other modes of transport. The Liverpool and Manchester Railway in the United Kingdom was one such. "Simple timber boxes, four to a wagon, they were used to convey coal from the Lancashire collieries to Liverpool, where they were transferred to horse drawn carts by crane". By the 1840s, iron boxes were in use as well as wooden ones. The early 1900s saw closed container boxes designed for movement between road and rail.

In the United Kingdom, several railway companies were using similar containers by the beginning of the 20th century and in the 1920s the Railway Clearing House standardized the RCH container. Five- or ten-foot-long, wooden and non-stackable, these early standard containers were a great success.

From 1926 to 1947 in the US, the Chicago North Shore and Milwaukee Railway carried motor carrier vehicles and shippers' vehicles loaded on flatcars between Milwaukee, Wisconsin and Chicago, Illinois. Beginning in 1929, Seatrain Lines carried railroad boxcars on its sea vessels between New York and Cuba. 

During World War II the Australian Army used containers. These non-stackable containers were about the size of the later 20 foot ISO container and perhaps made mainly of wood.

Toward the end of World War II, the United States Army used containers to speed the loading and unloading of transport ships. The army used the term "transporters" for shipping household goods of officers in the field. A "transporter" was a reusable container, long, wide, and high, made of rigid steel with a carrying capacity of 9,000 pounds. 

During the Korean War the transporter was evaluated for handling sensitive military equipment and, proving effective, was approved for broader use. 

In 1952 the army began using the term CONEX, short for "Container Express". The first major shipment of CONEXes, containing engineering supplies and spare parts, was made by rail from the Columbus General Depot in Georgia to the Port of San Francisco, then by ship to Yokohama, Japan, and then to Korea. 

In 1955, a trucking company owner, Malcom McLean, worked with engineer Keith Tantlinger to develop the modern container. The challenge was to design a shipping container that could be loaded onto ships and held securely for long sea voyages. The result was a tall by wide box in -long units constructed from thick corrugated steel.

The design had a twistlock mechanism on top each of the four corners. This meant the container could be easily secured and lifted by cranes. After helping McLean make the successful design, Tantlinger convinced him to give the patented designs to the industry. This began international standardization of shipping containers.

The U.S. Department of Defense standardized an 8'×8' cross section container in multiples of 10' lengths for military use. This was exactly the standard proposed by McLean and Tantlinger in Britain, and it was rapidly adopted for shipping purposes.

There are many variations on the standard 8'x8'x10' size, but the use of containers for transport is now world-wide. In addition to ships, containers are universally used on planes for international air transport. Countries with large rail networks still use containers for much of their freight transport.

Other widely used standard include the 20 Foot container having external dimensions of 20 feet long, 8 feet wide and 8.5 feet high and the 40 Foot length.

Ports round the world have been adapted to freight transport by container. The ships that carry containers are huge, and ports must have depth and size to dock ships. China is by far the world's largest user of container transport. Container ships cannot get down the Thames to London, so a modern container port was built at Felixtowe on the Suffolk coast. The Port of Felixtowe is the UK's largest container port, and carries 35% of the UK container cargo. However, it is only the 29th busiest container port in the world. 

World #1 container port is Shanghai, China; #2 is Singapore, and #3 is Rotterdam, Netherlands. Top U.S. container port is South Louisiana at #9, just in front of Houston. These rankings are by millions of tons.
The use of containers has caused increased efficiency in loading and unloading. Also, there have been changes in short-term storage and handling in ports.


Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne

Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne is a French commune in the Savoie department. Its population is about 8,507 (2008 census).

Zoe Saldaña

Zoë Yadira Saldaña-Perego (née Saldaña Nazario; born June 19, 1978) is an American actress. She is best known for her work in several science fiction franchises. She has acted in three of the five highest-grossing movies yet made. These are "Avatar", "" and ""). She has also acted in the "Guardians of the Galaxy" movies and several "Star Trek" movies. Her movies have earned more than worldwide. She is the second-highest-grossing movie actress of all time .

Saldaña is also a trained dancer. She began her acting career in two 1999 episodes of "Law & Order". Her first movie role was in "Center Stage" (2000) in which she played a ballet dancer. She starred with Britney Spears in the movie "Crossroads" in 2002. Saldaña had her breakthrough performance with her work in several science fiction movie franchises. These began in 2009 with her roles as Nyota Uhura in the "Star Trek" movie series and Neytiri in the "Avatar" movie series. She went on to play Gamora in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, beginning with "Guardians of the Galaxy" in 2014. Saldaña has also starred in the science fiction movie "The Adam Project" and the romantic drama miniseries "From Scratch".

She was born in Passaic, New Jersey.

On June 2013, Saldaña married an Italian former footballer turned artist Marco Perego. They have three sons together, twins Bowie and Cy (born 2014) and Zen (born 2016).

List of freight ship companies

This is a list of freighter shipping fleets. The largest shipping companies are European and Asian.

The growth of container transport fleets began in the 1950s.

This list is in order of size, with the largest first. In 2009, for example, Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) was the tenth in size worldwide.

This list is in a table format:

Nippon Yusen

, also known as NYK Line, is one of the largest shipping companies in the world. It is a core Mitsubishi company. The company has its headquarters in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan.

The company history began with the "Tsukumo Shokai" shipping company which was founded by the Tosa clan in 1870.



Elizabeth Warren

Elizabeth Ann Warren (née Herring; born June 22, 1949) is an American politician and Senior United States Senator of Massachusetts since January 3, 2013. She is a Democrat and a bankruptcy law expert. She was also an assistant to President Barack Obama. She supports student loan forgiveness, banking regulation, and consumer protection regulations. 

Warren was an unsuccessful candidate for the 2020 Democratic nomination. Warren was seen as a possible running mate pick for Joe Biden's campaign.

Before she was a senator, Warren taught bankruptcy law at Harvard Law School. She interviewed hundreds of people who were going through bankruptcy or struggling to avoid bankruptcy. She gained a thorough understanding of the causes of bankruptcy and financial difficulties that families face in the United States. She wrote several books about these struggles, and about the institutions that make money by making it hard for people to escape from these difficulties.

She and her daughter Amelia Warren Tyagi are the co-authors of a book called The Two-Income Trap. Warren has also written several other books, including A Fighting Chance and This Fight is Our Fight.

In 2011, she was an advisor for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a government agency that protects consumers from unfair practices of banks, payday lenders, student loan providers, credit card companies, collection agencies, for-profit colleges and universities, and the collection departments of health maintenance organizations (HMOs).

Warren announced her plans to run for President in the 2020 election in December 2018. In February 2019, she announced her candidacy for president. Warren ended her campaign on March 5, 2020 after failing to win any primaries and falling to third place in Massachusetts' primary. After Joe Biden won the nomination, she became one of the final four finalists for his running mate pick.

ENCODE

ENCODE is the Encyclopedia of DNA Elements. Encode was launched in 2003 to identify all the functional elements (working bits) in the human genome. The work was done by over 400 scientists in 32 laboratories in the US, UK, Spain, Singapore and Japan. Their findings were published in 30 open-access papers in three journals, "Nature", "Genome Biology" and "Genome Research". It is the most detailed analysis to date of the human genome.

A simplified account of their main findings is as follows:


The methods used for the work included:


News items connected with this work are:

The information on this page comes mainly from two sources:

"Nature" ENCODE Explorer 

Kid Kash

David Cash (born July 31, 1969 in Waynesboro, Virginia) is an American former professional wrestler. He is better known by his ring name Kid Kash. During his career, he wrestled for Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), and World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).

He is also a mixed martial artist. He made his MMA debut on November 5, 2016 and was knocked out by Lindsey Jones in 38 seconds.
Kash has held many championships during his professional wrestling career:



Park Geun-hye

Park Geunhye (born February 2, 1952) is a South Korean politician. She served as the President of South Korea from 2013 until her impeachment in 2017. She is the second daughter of Park Chung-hee, former President of South Korea. On December 19, 2012, she was elected president of 
the country. She was the first woman president of South Korea, having taken office on February 25, 2013.
In 2013 and 2014, Park was named the world's 11th most powerful woman and the most powerful woman in East Asia by "Forbes" magazine.

Park was impeached on 10 March 2017 and was replaced by Prime Minister of South Korea Hwang Kyo-ahn.

On 9 December 2016, Park was impeached by the National Assembly on charges related to influence peddling by a top aide. Her presidential powers and duties have been suspended since the ratification of the impeachment proposal, and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn has assumed those powers and duties as Acting President. She was officially removed from office on 10 March 2017.

On 6 April 2018, a three-judge panel of the Central District Court in Seoul sentenced Park to 24 years in prison and a fine of ₩18,000,000,000 (US$16,798,683). The panel said she was guilty of 16 out of 18 charges brought against her.


Yi San-hae

Yi San-hae (, July 20, 1539 July 20, 1609) was a Joseon Dynasty politician, writer, and philosopher. His pen names were Agye (아계 鵝溪) and Jongnamsuong (종남수옹 終南睡翁).




Călin Popescu-Tăriceanu

Călin Constantin Anton Popescu-Tăriceanu (b. 14 January 1952, Bucharest) is a Romanian politician. On 28 December 2004, he was prime minister of Romania.

He was president of PNL and vice-president of PLD.

He founded Radio Contact Romania. He is president of Automotive Trading Services (ATS), which represents Citroen in Romania.

Upsilon Andromedae d

Upsilon Andromedae d is an extrasolar planet. It orbits the Sun-like star Upsilon Andromedae A.

Upsilon Andromedae A was the third star known to host a multiple-planet planetary system, the others are the Sun and the pulsar PSR 1257+12.

In 1999, two groups of astronomers independently concluded that a three-planet model best fit the data. The two new planets were designated Upsilon Andromedae C and Upsilon Andromedae D.

Dinosaur Provincial Park

Dinosaur Provincial Park is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is about two and a half hours drive southeast of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.

The park is in the valley of the Red Deer River, which is noted for its badland topography. The park is one of the richest dinosaur fossil locales in the world. Forty dinosaur species have been discovered at the park and more than 500 specimens have been removed and exhibited in museums across the globe. The fossil assemblage of nearly 500 species, from microscopic fern spores to large carnivorous dinosaurs, justified it becoming a World Heritage Site in 1979.

The Visitor Centre has exhibits about dinosaurs, fossils, and the geology and natural history of the park. There is a video theater, fossil prep lab area, and a gift shop. Public programs are offered in the summer.

John Ware's Cabin is a restored early 20th century cabin that was used by John Ware, an African-American cowboy and important figure in Alberta's ranching history. The cabin is near the visitor center and is open on select days in the summer.

The Park was set up on June 27, 1955 as part of Alberta's 50th Jubilee Year. The main aim was to protect the fossil beds. The park was recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage Site on October 26, 1979. Its significant badlands and riverside habitats, and the importance of the fossils found here, were listed as reasons.

Until 1985, discoveries made in the park had to be shipped to museums throughout the world for scientific analysis and display, including the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto, the Canadian Museum of Nature in Ottawa, and the American Museum of Natural History in New York. This changed with the opening of the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology 100 kilometers upstream in Midland Provincial Park. This has a mission to "collect, preserve, research and interpret palaeontological history with special reference to Alberta’s fossil heritage".

The Park protects a very complex ecosystem with three communities: prairie grasslands, badlands, and riverside cottonwoods. Its ecosystem is surrounded by prairies. Choruses of coyotes are common at dusk, as are the calls of nighthawks. Cottontail rabbits, mule deer, and pronghorn can all be seen in the park; the prairie rattlesnake, bull snake and the red-sided garter snake are present as well. Curlews and Canada geese are among the 165 bird species that can be seen in the spring and summer. Some of the most northern species of cactus, including "Opuntia" (prickly pear) and "Pediocactus" (pincushion) can be seen in full bloom during the later half of June.

The sediments of Dinosaur Provincial Park span 2.8 million years and three formations. The terrestrial Oldman Formation is at the base of the strata; the terrestrial Dinosaur Park Formation above, and the marine Bearpaw at the top. The Dinosaur Park Formation, which contains most of the fossils with articulated skeletons, was mostly laid down by large rivers in very warm temperate coastal lowlands. It was on the western margin of the Western Interior Seaway. The formation dates to about 75 million years ago. The Dinosaur Park Formation lasted about a million years.

Dinosaur Provincial Park preserves an extraordinarily diverse group of freshwater vertebrates. Fish include sharks, rays, paddlefish, bowfins, gars, and teleosts. Amphibians include frogs, salamanders, and extinct albanerpetontids. Reptiles include lizards (such as the large monitor "Paleosaniwa"), a wide range of turtles, crocodilians, and the fish-eating "Champsosaurus". Mammals such as shrews, marsupials, and squirrel-like rodents are also there, although usually only noticed by their fossilized teeth, rather than bones.

Mega-plant fossils are rare in the park, but pollen grains and spores collected from here suggest that these forests contained sycamore, magnolia and bald cypress trees, and "Metasequoia".

The dinosaurs of the park are astonishingly diverse. They include:

Ceratopsia

Hadrosauridae

Ankylosauria

Hypsilophodontidae

Pachycephalosauria

Tyrannosauridae

Ornithomimidae

Caenagnathidae
Dromaeosauridae

Troodontidae

Classification Uncertain

Birds of the "Hesperornis" type were present, as well as giant Pterosauria related to "Quetzalcoatlus". multituberculates, Stagodont marsupials and placental mammals scurried underfoot.



Kerman

Kerman is a city in and capital of Kerman Province, Iran. As per 2016 census, 537,718 people lived there in 162,677 households.

It is the largest and most developed city in the province and one of the most important cities in southeastern Iran. It is also one of the largest cities of Iran in terms of area. Kerman is famous for its long history and strong cultural heritage. The city is home to many historic mosques and Zoroastrian fire temples. Kerman has been the capital city of Iranian dynasties several times during its history. It is located on a large, flat plain, 800 km (500 mi) south-east of Tehran, the capital of Iran.

Mule (footwear)

Mule shoes are shoes that are backless and almost always closed-toed. They can be any heel height (flat to high). The shoes are almost always worn by females. High heeled mule shoes were a popular indoor shoe in the 18th century. By the early twentieth century, the shoes were very often associated with prostitutes. However, in the early 1950s, Marilyn Monroe popularized the shoes and helped to break their poor reputations. Similar shoes, called slides, were introduced in the early 1990s, except that slides are open-toed versions of mules.

Christiaan Barnard

Christiaan Neethling Barnard (8 November 1922 – 2 September 2001) was a South African heart surgeon. He was born in Beaufort West, Cape Province, Union of South Africa. He did the first successful heart transplant from human to human. He died of asthma in Paphos, Cyprus. His brother was Marius Barnard.

Slip-on shoe

Slip-on shoes are laceless shoes. The style most commonly seen is called a loafer or slipper, with a moccasin construction. They began appearing in mid 1930s Norway as casual shoes, though they have increased in popularity to the point of being worn with lounge suits. They are worn mostly by women, though men wear the shoes, also.

Ring of Honor

Ring of Honor (ROH) is a professional wrestling company founded in 2002 by Rob Feinstein and Gabe Sapolsky. The president of the company is Tony Khan. Their headquarters are in Bristol, Pennsylvania. Matches for the company airs on The Fight Network in Canada and on Samurai TV in Japan. The company also aired matches in the United Kingdom and Ireland. 

The company was started by RF Video owner, Rob Feinstein after Extreme Championship Wrestling went out of business. Feinstein left the company in 2004 after he was caught in an internet sting operation allegedly trying to ask for sex on the internet from a person who he thought was an 13 year old boy but was actually an adult, pretending to be the boy. Gabe Sapolsky left the company on October 26, 2008. Doug Gentry bought Feinstein's stake in the company and sold it to Cary Silkin who then became the president of the company. 

On the March 2 episode of "Dynamite", All Elite Wrestling owner Tony Khan announced that he had bought Ring of Honor from the Sinclair Broadcast Group.

Ring of Honor followed a set of rules called the "code of honor". The code of honor was considered a moral requirement to follow. They were put in place to make Ring of Honor feel more like Japanese professional wrestling. There were originally 5 rules set in place but they were retired in 2004. They reappeared again and were changed to only 3 rules.


Thai basil

Thai basil, or Asian basil is a type of sweet basil. It is found in Southeast Asia. Thai basil has small, narrow leaves and purple stems. The flower is a mauve (pink-purple) color. One cultivar commonly grown in the United States is 'Queen of Siam'.

Thai basil is an important ingredient in the very popular Taiwanese dish, "sanbeiji" (three cup chicken). Used as a condiment, a plate of raw Thai basil leaves is often served with "phở" (Vietnamese-style noodle soup) so each customer can season it to taste with the anise-flavored leaves.

Bolivian coriander

Bolivian coriander ("Porophyllum ruderale") is an annual plant. Its leaves can be used for seasoning food. The taste has been described as "somewhere between arugula, cilantro and rue." The plant is commonly grown in Mexico and South America. There it is used in salsas. When fully grown, this plant grows to about 5 feet in height and 3 feet in diameter.

This herb is known by many names, including "quillquiña" (also spelled "quirquiña" or "quilquiña"), "killi", "papalo", "tepegua" and "pápaloquelite". 

Also, even though the name is "Bolivian coriander", this plant is not botanically related to the coriander.

Exploitation movie

Exploitation movie is a label that is applied to certain movies: These usually have a low budget, and focus on showing either violence or sex. Very often, they try to be successful by following a trend. Sometimes they are produced for a niche of the market. In almost all cases, exploitation movies fall in the category B-movies. Sometimes, exploitation movies attract a cult following they get the attention of the movie critics. Some of these movies set trends, and become important. An example of such a movie is Night of the Living Dead, of 1968. 

The term "exploitation" is defined very loosely: it is more about the viewers' impression that this exploitation happens, than the people actually being exploited. The first exploitation movies appeared in the 1920s. Exploitation movies only became popular after the 1960s and 1970s, when there was less censorship. Very often, exploitation movies use recent news events to base their story on. Major film studios ofen avoid such events, because producing the movie takes a long time and a lot of money. 

In 1938, Orson Welles produced War of the Worlds to be broadcast on radio, as a Halloween special. When it was aired, this shocked many Americans. As a result, Universal Pictures edited one of their Flash Gordon serials into a short movie which it released ot movie theatres one week after Welles' boradcast. The movie was called "Mars Attacks the World."


Kim Hyo-won

Kim Hyo-won (, Hanja 金孝元, 1532 1590), was a Korean scholar, writer, politician, and Neo-Confucian philosopher of the Joseon period.

Human genome

The human genome is stored on 23 chromosome pairs in the cell nucleus and in the small mitochondrial DNA. A great deal is now known about the sequences of DNA which are on our chromosomes. What the DNA actually does is now partly known. Applying this knowledge in practice has only just begun.

The Human Genome Project (HGP) produced a reference sequence which is used worldwide in biology and medicine. "Nature" published the publicly funded project's report, and "Science" published Celera's paper. These papers described how the draft sequence was produced, and gave an analysis of the sequence. Improved drafts were announced in 2003 and 2005, filling in to ≈92% of the sequence.

The latest project ENCODE studies the way the genes are controlled.

Although the sequence of the human genome has been completely determined by DNA sequencing, it is not yet fully understood. There are vast quantities of noncoding DNA within the genome. This does important things, like regulating gene expression, organization of chromosomes, and signals controlling epigenetic inheritance.

The human genome contains just over 20,000 protein-coding genes, far fewer than had been expected. In fact, only about 1.5% of the genome codes for proteins, while the rest consists of non-coding RNA genes, regulatory sequences, and introns.

However, a single gene can produce a variety of proteins by means of RNA splicing. One particular Drosophila gene (DSCAM) can be alternatively spliced into 38,000 different mRNAs. Each mRNA codes for a different peptide chain. Therefore the number of proteins produced is far above the number of coding genes.

With RNA splicing and post-RNA translation changes, the total number of unique human proteins may be in the low millions.

The idea that most DNA is useless 'junk' is wrong. At least 80% of the genome has definite functions.

The animal that is alive now that is closest to humans is the chimpanzee. 98.4% of the DNA is the same between humans and chimpanzees. However, this applies only to single nucleotide polymorphisms, that is, changes in "single" base pairs only. The full picture is rather different.

The draft sequence of the common chimpanzee genome was published in 2005. It showed that the regions which are similar enough to be aligned with one another account for 2400 million of the human genome’s 3164.7 million bases, that is, 75.8% of the genome.

This 75.8% of the human genome is 1.23% different from the chimpanzee genome in single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs - changes of single DNA “letters” in the genome). Another type of difference, called 'indels' (insertions/deletions) account for another ~3% difference between the alignable sequences. In addition, variation in copy number of large segments (> 20 kb) of similar DNA sequence provides a further 2.7% difference between the two species. Hence the total similarity of the genomes could be as low as about 70%.


Sucralose

Sucralose is an artificial sweetener, most of which, if ingested, will not be broken down by the body and is thereby non-caloric (doesn't contribute to calorie intake). Sucralose is almost 600 times as sweet as sucrose, twice as sweet as saccharin and 3 times as sweet as aspartame. It is stable under heat and over a broad range of pH condition, meaning it can be used in baking or products which require longer shelf lives. It was first discovered and patented in 1976.

Richard Farnsworth

Richard W. Farnsworth (September 1, 1920 – October 6, 2000) was an American television, stage, radio, voice, and movie actor, and a stuntman. He was previously known as Dick Farnsworth. He was nominated for two Academy Awards. 

Farnsworth was known for his role as Sheriff Buster in the 1990 movie "Misery". Farnsworth is the oldest person to receive an Academy Award nominated for Best Actor in a Leading role. He was 79 years old when he was nominated.

He was born in Los Angeles, California on September 1, 1920. He was married to Margaret Hill from 1947 until her death in 1985. They had one child. 

Farnsworth never liked using four-lettered words. He was once asked by Roger Ebert what he was most proud of in regards to his acting career, he replied that it was the fact that in over 60 movies he never says one cuss word. 

Farnsworth committed suicide on October 6, 2000 at his ranch in Lincoln, New Mexico by shooting himself. He was 80 years old.

He was added into the Hall of Great Western Performers of the National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum in 1997. 


Ty Law

Ty Law (b. 10 February 1974) is a retired American football player. He played as a safety in the NFL. Law was drafted by the New England Patriots in 1995. He also played for the New York Jets (2005, 2008), Kansas City Chiefs (2006-2007) and Denver Broncos (2009). He retired after the 2009 season. Law was born in Aliquippa, Pennsylvania.

Lawyer Milloy

Lawyer Marzell Milloy (born November 14, 1973 ) is a retired American football player. He was drafted by the New England Patriots of the National Football League in 1996. He last played in 2010. Milloy also played for the Buffalo Bills, Atlanta Falcons and Seattle Seahawks.

Black January

Black January (), also known as Black Saturday or the January Massacre, was a massacre by the Soviet Red Army and the KGB secret police agency of peaceful Azerbaijani protesters of the Azerbaijani independence movement. It happened in Baku, Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic on 19–20 January 1990, during the last years of the Soviet Union. Between 133-137 people were killed, when the Red Army and the KGB shot the protesters. As a result, the Azerbaijanis became totally opposed to stay a part of the Soviet Union and started to plan the independence of Azerbaijan. This happened with the end of the Soviet Union in December 1991.

It was one of the rare events during the liberal reform era of "glasnost" (reform of the government) and "perestroika" (reform of the economy) in which the Soviet Union used force against peaceful protesters. Before this era, the Soviet Union did not allow any protests of its population and stopped them violently if they did protest. 

The reason for using violence, was that powerful conservative people in the Communist Party, the Red Army and the KGB did not like these reforms and feared that the ethnic groups and republics of the Soviet Union were getting out of their control with the rise of nationalism. 

However, the use of violence angered the people in Azerbaijan and the rest of the Soviet Union. It had the opposite effect, because the liberal Soviet leaders and their reforms were too popular and powerful in the end. Neither the use of force against protesters nor the reforms prevented the republics becoming independent.


Jenilee Harrison

Jenilee Harrison (born June 12 1959) is an American actress. She has starred in many television programs. She played Cindy Snow in the sitcom "Three's Company" and Jamie Ewing in the soap "Dallas". She was born near Los Angeles, California.

Sandra Fluke

Sandra Fluke (born April 17 1981) is an activist for women's rights. She demanded birth control and contraceptives be paid for by taxpayers. She was a supporter for Barack Obama's re-election. She was born near Saxton, Pennsylvania.

Bachman–Turner Overdrive

Bachman–Turner Overdrive are a Canadian rock band from Winnipeg, Manitoba. Bachman–Turner Overdrive have five members in the band; the current band members are Fred Turner, Randy Bachman, Mick Dalla Vee, Marc LaFrance and Brent Howard. Two of the band's best known songs are "You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet" and "Takin' Care of Business". Their song "Takin' Care of Business" was ranked #10 in top 100 most covered songs by Guitar Magazine.

The band was formed in 1971. They released their self-titled first album on August 30, 1989. Fans of the bands are usually known as "gearheads". They have won many Juno Awards as well.



Camilla Belle

Camilla Belle (born October 2, 1986) is an American actress. She has acted in many movies. She starred in the movies "Practical Magic" and "Push". The actress was born in Los Angeles, California.

Mary Harris Jones

Mary Harris Jones (1837-November 30, 1930) was an American schoolteacher and tailor. In 1867 her husband and their four children died of yellow fever during an epidemic. There was a fire in Chicago, in 1871. Harris Jones' workshop was destroyed in that fire; she lost everything she had. She turned towards the Knights of Labor. The Knights of Labour was an association of workers who also accepted black people and women. From this point on, Harris Jones became active in the labour movement, fighting for better working conditions and better pay of the workers. In 1905, she was a founding member of Industrial Workers of the World, a trade union. 

She was an amazing speaker because she was able to use stories as examples in her speeches, and she could also make the audience participate. In 1897, she got the title "Mother Jones". She was 60 at the time. In 1903, she was upset about the bad working conditions of children. For this reason, she organised a march where children marched from Philadelphia to the home of President Roosevelt in New York. In 1992 she was inducted into the Hall of Honor by the United States Department of Labor.

Yun Jeung

Yun Jeung ( Hanja 尹拯, 1629-1714), also known as Yun Chŭng, was a Korean scholar, writer, politician, and Neo-Confucian philosopher of the Joseon period. The name he used for writing was Myeongjae.

Yun was the son of Yun Seon-geo.

Yun is part of the Silhak school.

Yun was a disciple of Kim Jip, Song Siyeol. He was a political rival of Kwon Sang-ha. 



Great hammerhead shark

The great hammerhead ("Sphyrna mokarran"), is the largest species of the Hammerhead shark group. It can be identified by the shape of its "hammer" (called the "cephalofoil"), which is wide and has an almost straight margin at the front, and by its first dorsal fin which is tall, and is sickle-shaped.

Like all other hammerhead sharks, the great hammerhead has a streamlined body and a "hammer" on its head. They have usually been confused with the scalloped hammerhead and the smooth hammerhead shark, but adult great hammerhead sharks can be identified by their wide cephalofoil which has an almost straight margin at the front, and by their first dorsal fin, which is tall and sickle-shaped. The cephalofoil is usually around 1 to 1.5 meters long.

Great hammerhead sharks are around 2.85 to 5.5 meters long, and weigh around 450 kg, but the longest ever found was 6.1 meters long. The heaviest ever found was a 4.4 meter long female, which weighed 580 kg, and was caught off Boca Grande, Florida. But the female weighed this much because it was pregnant. The top part of the great hammerhead is gray-brown or green, and the belly is white.

The great hammerhead shark is found in tropical waters around the world, between the latitudes 40°N to 37°S. In the Atlantic Ocean it is found from North Carolina to Uruguay, including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea, and from Morocco to Senegal, and the Mediterranean Sea. It is found all along the rim of the Indian Ocean, and in the Pacific Ocean from the Ryukyu Islands to Australia, New Caledonia, and French Polynesia, and from southern Baja California to Peru. It's said to be found off Gambia, Guinea, Mauritania, Sierra Leone, and Western Sahara, but this has not been confirmed. Great Hammerhead Sharks can be found from inshore waters which are less than 1 meters deep, to a depth of 80 meters offshore. They live mainly in coral reefs, but have been found in lagoons and deep water near land.

Even though great hammerheads are apex predators, young pups have been seen eaten by bull sharks. Yellow jacks have been seen rubbing themselves against great hammerhead sharks, probably to get rid of parasites. Pilot fish have been seen swimming with great hammerheads.

Great hammerheads are viviparous, meaning they give live birth. Females are pregnant for around 11 months, before giving birth to a litter of 6-56 pups. When they are born, the pups are around 50–70 cm (20 to 28 in) long. Males mature when they are about 2.3 to 2.8 meters long, and weigh around 51 kg. Females mature when they are about 2.5 to 3 meters long, and weigh around 41 kg. Great Hammerhead Sharks live for around 20–30 years, but the oldest Great Hammerhead Shark ever found was said to be 40–50 years old.

Great hammerhead sharks are known to hunt at dawn and at dusk. They feed on crustaceans like crabs and lobsters, mollusks like squid and octopuses, bony fish like tarpon, sardines, herrings, sea catfish, toadfish, porgies, jacks, croakers, groupers, flatfish, boxfish, and porcupine fish. They also eat other sharks like smoothhounds and grey reef sharks. Great Hammerhead Sharks have been known to eat others of their kind.

Great hammerhead sharks' favourite prey are rays and skates; its favourite type of ray are stingrays. The venomous spines of the stingrays don't seem to affect them, because a great hammerhead shark caught off Florida had 96 venomous spines found in and around its mouth. 

The cephalofoil of the great hammerhead shark is said to be used to pin stingrays down, because agreat hammerhead shark was found attacking a stingray in the Bahamas; the great hammerhead first pinned the stingray down by hitting the stingray with its cephalofoil, and then it grabbed the stingray in its jaws and started to rip apart the stingray by shaking its head rapidly. 

Another great hammerhead shark was found attacking a spotted eagle ray in open water; the Great Hammerhead Shark first bit off one of the ray's pectoral fins, and then pinned the ray down with its cephalofoil, and then ate the ray head-first.

Although they have been said to be dangerous towards humans, Great Hammerhead Sharks rarely ever attack humans. Divers have reported that Great Hammerhead Sharks are shy and avoid humans, but there have been reports of Great Hammerhead Sharks approaching divers closely and even chasing them. In 2009, the International Shark Attack File listed 34 attacks caused by a shark which belonged in the "Sphyrna" genus, but it is not confirmed if the shark was a Great Hammerhead Shark or not. The great hammerhead shark has been confirmed to be responsible for one provoked attack.

The great hammerhead shark has been listed as endangered by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN), because of fishing for its fins, which are made into shark fin soup, for its skin which is made into leather, and their liver oil for vitamins. Populations of the Great Hammerhead Shark have decreased by 50% because of fishing. 


Space Needle

The Space Needle is a tower in Seattle, Washington. It is at the Seattle Center. The Space Needle was built for the 1962 World's Fair. During this time, almost 20,000 people used the elevators every day. Over 2.3 million visitors came to the World Fair overall. The Space Needle is high and wide. It weighs 9,550 tons. When it was completed it was the tallest building to the west of the Mississippi River. It is built not to fall in wind up to and earthquakes of up to 9.1 magnitude. This gives protection against an earthquake as powerful as the 1700 Cascadia earthquake. The tower also has 25 lightning rods on its roof to protect it against lightning.

The Space Needle has a deck at , where people can look down and look at the view around them. It also has a gift shop with a rotating SkyCity restaurant at . From the top of the Needle, the Downtown Seattle skyline, the Olympic and Cascade Mountains, Mount Rainier, Mount Baker, Elliott Bay and islands around it can be seen. Photographs of the Seattle skyline often show the Space Needle.

Visitors can reach the top of the Space Needle by using elevators. These elevators travel at . The trip to the top takes 41 seconds. Some tourists wait in hour-long lines so that they can go to the top of the tower. On windy days, the elevators are slowed down to a . The Space Needle was made a historic landmark on April 19, 1999, by the city's Landmarks Preservation Board.



Sapeornis

Sapeornis is a genus of primitive bird which lived during the Lower Cretaceous about 125120 million years ago (mya). Only one species is known: "Sapeornis chaoyangensis". The fossils are from the Jiufotang Formation and Yixian Formation rocks in the People's Republic of China. Several nearly complete skeletons have been found.

"Sapeornis" is named after SAPE, the "Society of Avian Paleontology and Evolution", added to the Ancient Greek "όρνις" (ornis), meaning "bird". "chaoyangensis" is Latin for "from Chaoyang".

This animal was about 30–33 cm long. The skull has a handful of teeth in the upper jawtip only. A single tail feather has been found on one of the specimens. It may have been a glider or soarer rather than an active flier.

Municipality of Acapulco

Acapulco de Juárez is one of the municipalities of Guerrero in Mexico, the capital is Acapulco. In 2010, the municipality had a total population of 789,971 being the capital "Acapulco", the most populous city

True owl

True owls (typical owls) are owls of the family Strigidae.

They are one of the two families of owls, with 189 living species in 25 genera. The other family is the barn owls. True owls are found on every continent except Antarctica.

The division of owls into these two groups is quite ancient. The relationships of the owls in general are still unresolved.

Typical owls vary greatly in size. The smallest is the elf owl. Its weight is a hundred times less than the largest, the Eurasian eagle owl and Blakiston's fish owl. Most owls have very similar bodies. They have large heads, short tails, and round facial circles around the eyes. Most live in trees (with a few exceptions like the burrowing owl) and get their food on the wing. The wings are large, broad, rounded and long. Like other birds of prey many owls have females that are larger than males.

They are nocturnal. Because of this the plumage is not much different between males and females. The feathers are soft and the base of each is downy. This give them silent flight. Hearing in owls is highly sensitive. The ears are asymmetrical which lets the owl localise a sound. Owls have massive eyes relative to their body size.



Jean Reno

Jean Reno (born Juan Moreno y Herrera-Jiménez on July 30, 1948) is a French-Spanish actor, he has appeared in many successful movies such as "Crimson Rivers", "Godzilla", "The Da Vinci Code", "", "Ronin", "The Pink Panther", and "". 

He was born in Casablanca, Morocco on July 30, 1948. He was married to Genevieve Reno from 1977 until they divorced in 1995. Then he married Nathalie Dyszkiewicz from 1996 until they divorced in 2001. He is currently married to Zofia Borucka since 2006. His career began in 1979.

 

Vinson Massif

Vinson Massif is the highest mountain of Antarctica. It is in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains. The massif is about from the South Pole. It is about long and wide. At the highest point is Mount Vinson. It was named in 2006 after Carl Vinson, long-time member of the U.S. Congress from the state of Georgia. 

Vinson Massif was first seen in 1958 and first climbed in 1966. 

Though the yearly snowfall on Vinson is low, high winds can cause base camp accumulations up to in a year. During the summer season, November through January, there are 24 hours of sunlight. The average temperature during these months is .

Tytonidae

Barn-owls (family Tytonidae) are one of the two families of owls. The other is the true owls, Strigidae. They are medium to large sized owls with large heads and heart-shaped faces. They have long, strong legs with powerful talons.

The barn owls are a wide ranging family. They are not found in northern North America, Saharan Africa and large areas of Asia. They live in a wide range of habitats from deserts to forests, and from temperate latitudes to the tropics.

The barn-owls' main characteristic is the heart-shaped facial disc, formed by stiff feathers. The feathers help to amplify and locate the source of sounds when the bird hunts. Adaptations to the wing feathers eliminate sound caused by flying. This helps both the owl's hearing, and keeps the prey unaware of the owl. To summarise: the owl hunts mainly at dusk and night-time. Its uses sound to detect prey movement: its hearing is sensitive, and its wings are almost silent.

Genus "Tyto"

Genus "Phodilus"

Fossil genera. The fossil record of the barn-owls goes back to the Eocene.


Alexander Island

Alexander Island is also known as Alexander I Island, Alexander I Land, Alexander Land, lexander I Archipelago, and Zemlja Alexandra I. It is near the South Pole.

It is the largest island of Antarctica. It is in the Bellingshausen Sea west of Palmer Land. It is separated from Antarctic Peninsula by Marguerite Bay and George VI Sound. George VI Sound is filled with ice and connects Alexander Island to Palmer Land. The island partly surrounds Wilkins Sound, which is to its west.

Alexander Island is about long. It is wide in the north and wide in the south. Alexander Island is the second largest uninhabited island in the world, Devon Island is the largest.

Alexander Island was discovered on January 28, 1821. It was named for the reigning Tsar Alexander I of Russia. It was believed to be part of the Antarctic mainland until 1940.

A notable feature of Alexander Island is Hodgson Lake. It is a former subglacial lake that has come out from under an ice sheet that covered it. It is 2 km (1.2 mi) long by 1.5 km (0.93 mi). It has a 93.4 m (306 ft) deep water column that is sealed beneath 3.6 to 4.0 m (12 to 13 ft) thick lake ice.

Mount Logan

Mount Logan is the highest mountain in Canada. It is the second-highest mountain in North America, after Denali (Mount McKinley). The mountain was named after Sir William Edmond Logan. He was a Canadian geologist and the founder of the Geological Survey of Canada (GSC). Mount Logan is in Kluane National Park and Reserve in southwestern Yukon. People think that Logan has the largest base circumference of any non-volcanic mountain on Earth. The massif has eleven peaks over .

Temperatures are extremely low on and near Mount Logan. On the 5,000 m (16,400 ft) high plateau, air temperature stays around in the winter. It reaches near freezing in summer. Little snow melt leads to a large ice cap, reaching almost in certain spots.

Mount Parnassus

Mount Parnassus, also Parnassos, is a mountain of limestone in central Greece. It is north of the Gulf of Corinth. According to Greek mythology, this mountain was sacred to Apollo and the home of the Muses.

Mount Parnassus is named after Parnassos, the son of the nymph Kleodora and the man Kleopompus. Parnassos was leader of a city that was flooded by rains. The people ran from the flood up the mountain slope. There the survivors built another city and called it Lykoreia. According to some traditions, Mount Parnassus was the site of the fountain Castalia and the home of the Muses. As the home of the Muses, Mount Parnassus became known as the home of poetry, music, and learning.

Mount Parnassus was the site of several unrelated minor events in Greek mythology.

Today, the slopes of Mount Parnassus have two ski centres. The Parnassos Ski Centre has two sections, Kellaria and Fterolakka, which together make up the largest ski centre in Greece. A smaller ski centre (only two drag lifts) called Gerontovrahos is across a ridge from Kellaria.

Parnassus is mined for its large supply of bauxite. The bauxite is converted to aluminium oxide and then to aluminium.

Shenyang

Shenyang or Mukden is the capital and largest city of Liaoning Province in northeast China. Shenyang was first used by the Manchu people as their capital in the 17th century. Today it is the biggest city in the Northeast.

Shenyang is the transport and commercial hub of China's northeast–particularly with Japan, Russia, and Korea. Shenyang is the railway hub of northeast China. Eight railways connect Shenyang with Beijing, Dalian, Changchun, Harbin and Fushun. 

The city’s name means "the city to the north of Shen River". It comes from the Hun River on the city’s south side, which used to be called the "Shen River". People started living here 7,200 years ago.

Many major industrial companies have their headquarters in Shenyang. Brilliance Auto is a major Chinese automobile manufacturer. Most of its production plants are also in Shenyang. Shenyang Aircraft Corporation makes airplanes for civilian use as well as for the PLAAF. Neusoft Group is the biggest software company in China. Shenyang Machine Tool Group is the largest machine tool manufacturer in China. Tyco International, General Motors, and Michelin Shenyang Tire Corporation, are expanding their operations in Shenyang due to a deep pool of skilled technical labor; good transportation; low land-use fees; and solid local support.

Shenyang is famous for its football tradition. The local football team is the Liaoning F.C., in the Chinese Super League. Another Chinese Super League team, Shenyang Jinde moved to Changsha in 2007. Shenyang Olympic Sports Centre Stadium was a venue for the football preliminary of 2008 Summer Olympics.

Shenyang Sport University is a famous professional sports university in China. The university is the training base for winter sports in China and has many Olympic champions.


Shenyang is twinned with:


Anobiidae

Anobiidae is a family of beetles. The larvae of a number of species bore into wood. This gave them the name "woodworm" or "wood borer". A few species are pests. They cause damage to wooden furniture and houses, notably the death watch beetle and the common furniture beetle.

Mousebird

A mousebird is one of a small group of birds. They are not closely related to other groups of birds. Though they and the parrots and cockatoos (Psittaciformes) may be closer to each other than to other birds. The mousebirds are given order status as Coliiformes. This group only lives in sub-Saharan Africa. They had a wider range in prehistoric times and apparently evolved in Europe.

They are slender greyish or brown birds with soft, hairlike body feathers. They are typically about 10 cm in body length. They have a long, thin, tail a further 20–24 cm in length. They weigh 45–55 grams. They are arboreal and scurry through the leaves like rodents, in search of berries, fruit and buds. This habit, and their legs, is the reason for the group's English name. They can feed upside down. They have crests and stubby bills.

Mousebirds are very talkative. They are found in bands of about twenty in lightly wooded country.

These birds build cup-shaped twig nests in trees, which are lined with grasses. 2–4 eggs are typically laid.

Aimee Mann

Aimee Mann (September 8 1960, Richmond, Virginia) is an American singer-songwriter. She has teamed up with many pop rock bands. She is known for singing with the group 'Til Tuesday in the 1980s, with many hit songs.

Mann married musician Michael Penn in 1997.

Nikki Reed

Nicole "Nikki" Reed (born May 17 1988) is an American movie actress. She has been featured mostly in independent movies. She was first brought to fame in 2003 with "Thirteen".

Reed was born in Los Angeles, California. She is of Ashkenazi Jewish, Cherokee Native American, English, French, German, Irish, Italian, Scottish, Swiss and Welsh descent.

Celera

Celera is a corporation registered in California, U.S.A. It was founded to discover and sell information about DNA sequence analysis, especially the human genome. The company is now wholly owned by Quest Diagnostics, a corporation which runs clinical laboratory services.

Celera's first president, Craig Venter and Hamilton Smith were in charge of the original science. There was competition between Celera and the publicly funded Human Genome Project, which got much comment. Eventually, they agreed on a certain amount of co-operation.

Genomics

Genomics is the part of genetics which studies the genomes of organisms. This includes the entire DNA sequence of organisms and fine-scale genetic mapping. The field also includes studies of genes working together. Examples are heterosis, epistasis, pleiotropy and other interactions between loci and alleles within the genome.

Genomics applies recombinant DNA, DNA sequencing methods, and bioinformatics to sequence, assemble, and analyze the function and structure of genomes. This is the "complete" set of DNA within a single cell of an organism). In contrast, the investigation of the roles and functions of single genes is a primary focus of molecular biology or genetics and is a common topic of modern medical and biological research. Research of single genes unless it involves the entire genome.

The United States Environmental Protection Agency has a somewhat broader definition:

Warrior (wrestler)

Warrior (born James Brian Hellwig; June 16, 1959 – April 8, 2014)) was an American professional wrestler. Hellshaw legally changed his name to Warrior in 2002. He was the biggest star of the 1990s. His career had a boost when he defeated Hulk Hogan at WrestleMania VI, and it was also Hulk Hogan's first Wrestlemania loss, firstly before defeated by The Rock at WrestleMania X8.

Warrior died of a heart attack on the afternoon of April 8, 2014 at 54 years old, 3 days after being inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame and less than a day after cutting a promo on "Raw".

Less than 24 hours before he died, Warrior gave a speech to the fans and wrestlers, past and present, in his Ultimate Warrior character. During the speech he said:
""No WWE talent becomes a legend on their own. Every man's heart one day beats its final beat. His lungs breathe their final breath. And if what that man did in his life makes the blood pulse through the body of others and makes them believe deeper in something larger than life then his essence, his spirit, will be immortalized. By the story tellers, by the loyalty, by the memory of those who honor him and make the running the man did live forever. You, you, you, you, you, you are the legend makers of Ultimate Warrior. In the back I see many potential legends. Some of them with warrior spirits. And you will do the same for them. You will decide if they lived with the passion and intensity. So much so that you will tell your stories and you will make them legends, as well. I am Ultimate Warrior. You are the Ultimate Warrior fans. And the spirit of the Ultimate Warrior will run forever!""

Warrior was born as James Brian Hellwig (though changed name to Hellshaw in 1969). He was the eldest of five children and was raised by his mother (along with, later, his stepfather) after his father left his family when young James was 12. He spent a year at Indiana State University. It was also during this time he began to compete in amateur bodybuilding. He started competing in a number of NPC contests there on.

Hellwig debuted as the Dingo Warrior in 1985.


Carcharhiniformes

Carcharhiniformes is the largest order of sharks. Also known as Ground sharks or Whaler sharks, this group contains over 270 species of shark. It includes some common ones like the Blue shark, Bull shark, Tiger shark and the hammerhead sharks.

Ground sharks have a special membrane which protects their eyes when needed. They have two dorsal fins, an anal fin, and five gill slits.

Ground sharks are found in open oceans, seas, estuaries, and brackish waters.

There are eight families in this order:

2012 Summer Paralympics

The 2012 Summer Paralympic Games, the fourteenth Summer Paralympic Games, took place in London, England, United Kingdom. 4,237 athletes from 164 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, intellectual disability, and Les Autres. It is the second sport event held in the United Kingdom after the 2012 Summer Olympics. Growing interest in Paralympic sport worldwide and Great Britain's success during the recent Summer Olympics made more people want tickets than ever before, breaking many sales records.

The Feminine Mystique

The Feminine Mystique is a book by Betty Friedan first published in 1963. It is often credited with starting the second-wave feminism in the United States. In the book, Friedan conducts a number of interviews with classmates, and finds that many of them were unhappy with their lives as housewives. Friedan had wanted to publish an article about housewives who were unhappy with their role, but no magazine would publish the article. The book has sold more than three million copies.

Abdullah of Saudi Arabia

Abdullah bin Abdulaziz al Saud, ( "") (1 August 1924 – 23 January 2015) was the King of Saudi Arabia from 1 August 2005 until his death in 23 January 2015. He became king upon the death of his half-brother, King Fahd. He was the tenth son of Ibn Saud.

Abdullah died from complications of pneumonia at the age of 90. His half-brother Salman took his place as king.

George Martin (American actor)

George Martin (August 15, 1929 – June 1, 2010) was an American television, stage, and movie actor who is known for his role as the hotel receptionist in "". 

Martin was nominated for a Tony Award in 1983. He has also founded the Air-Edel Recording Studios in 1969. He was born on August 15, 1929 in New York City, New York. Martin died on June 1, 2010 in his home in Providence, Rhode Island, aged 80.

George Martin (Spanish actor)

George Martin (born 1937 in Barcelona, Spain) is a Spanish director, producer, and movie actor. He is known for his roles in the Italian "3 Supermen" series and for other parts in Spaghetti Westerns and Italian exploitation movies.

Jorge Lavat

Jorge Lavat Bayona (August 3, 1933 – September 14, 2011) was a Mexican movie and television actor. He is mostly known for his last role as Don Julio in the soap opera "Eva Luna". 

He was born in Mexico City, Mexico on August 3, 1933. He was married first to Ana María Torres until they divorced. Then he married Silvia Burgos. Again he was married to Ana María Torres and lastly to Rebeca Martínez until his death. He had four children. 

Lavat died on September 14, 2011 in Mexico City, Mexico after a lung infection after surgery. He was 78 years old.

 

Gary Cole

Gary Michael Cole (born September 20, 1956) is an American actor and voice actor. 

Cole was born in Park Ridge, Illinois on September 20, 1956. He graduated at Illinois State University.

Cole began his acting career on stage with the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in 1985. In television, Cole had starring roles in the series "Midnight Caller", "American Gothic", and "Crusade". In movies, Cole appeared in supporting roles in "The Brady Bunch Movie", "Office Space", "", and "". He provided the voice of Mayor Jones in "Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated". 

He has been married to Teddi Siddall since 1992. They have a daughter. On June 19, 2017, the couple announced they were divorcing. Cole is an active Democrat.


The Godfather (wrestler)

Charles Wright (born May 16, 1961) is an American former professional wrestler and businessman. He is best known for his time in the World Wrestling Federation from the 1990s and early 2000s. During his time there, he wrestled under the ring names Papa Shango, Kama, Kama Mustafa, The Godfather, and The Goodfather.



James Tissot

James Tissot (real name:Jacques Joseph Tissot, 15 October 1836 – 8 August 1902) was a French painter. He is mostly known for the portraits he painted in the 1870s, in Victorian style. In later life, he often painted religious motifs.


WASP-12b

WASP-12b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star WASP-12. It is said by NASA one of the hottest planet known, much hotter than Venus. It is extremely close to its star, about 2 million miles away from it. It is a gas giant and is bigger than Jupiter. The average temperature
there can get up to 1500 degrees Celsius. For comparison, Mercury in our solar system's average temperature is around 427 degrees Celsius. WASP-12b is so close to its star, that the star pulls mass from the planet creating a comet-like trail behind it.

Legendary Pictures

Legendary Pictures, Inc. (also called Legendary Entertainment) is an American movie production company. The parent company is based in Burbank, California and was founded by Thomas Tull in 2000. In 2005 the company made a 40-picture agreement to co-produce and co-finance with Warner Bros.

By 2011 the company was reported to have been valued at more than $1 billion. In September 2011, Chief Creative Officer Jon Jashni was appointed to the new position of President.

In 2010, the company announced the launch of a comic book division called Legendary Comics, LLC. It is under the direction of editor-in-chief Bob Schreck. The first graphic novel published by the company was "Holy Terror" by Frank Miller, which was released in 2011.

In 2011, the company announced the creation of Legendary Television, LLC. The division was headed by Jeremy Elice and a co-financing contract with Warner Bros. Television was signed. In 2012, Legendary decided to delay its expansion into television and shut down the division. The contract with Warner Bros. was ended and Elice left the company.

Legendary Entertainment has co-produced 24 feature movies. The box office column shows the worldwide gross for the theatrical release of the movie in United States dollars.

Blue Sky Studios

Blue Sky Studios was an American CGI-animation studio. It is owned by Pixar locating in Greenwich, Connecticut. In addition to their feature-length animated movies, Blue Sky has worked on many high-profile movies, primarily in combining live-action with computer-generated animation.

Released movies

Short movies 

Ownership of Blue Sky Studios was assumed by The Walt Disney Company as part of their 2019 acquisition of 21st Century Fox, which concluded on March 20, 2019. On March 21, Disney announced that Blue Sky Studios and its parent company 20th Century Fox Animation (now 20th Century Animation) would be integrated as units within the Walt Disney Studios with co-presidents Andrea Miloro and Robert Baird continuing to lead the studio, while reporting to Walt Disney Studios chairman Alan Horn. In July 2019, Miloro announced that she would be stepping down from her role as co-president, thus leaving Baird as sole president.

In August 2019, former Walt Disney Animation Studios head Andrew Millstein was named as co-president of Blue Sky Studios alongside Baird, while Pixar Animation Studios president Jim Morris would also be taking a supervising role.

On February 9, 2021, Disney announced that it was closing Blue Sky Studios in April 2021. The company explained that in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic's continued economic impact on all of its businesses, it was no longer sustainable for them to run a third feature animation studio. In addition, production on a film adaptation of the webcomic "Nimona", originally scheduled to be released on January 14, 2022, was cancelled as a result of its closure. The studio's film library and intellectual properties are retained by Disney. Although Disney did not give an exact date as to when the studio would be closing down initially, former animator Rick Fournier confirmed on April 10 it was their last day of operation, three days after co-founder Chris Wedge released a farewell letter on social media.

Blue Sky Studios' website redirects to Disney.com.

Walt Disney Animation Studios

Walt Disney Animation Studios is an American animation studio headquartered in Burbank, California. It was started in 1923 under the name, Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio. In 1929 it re-established as Walt Disney Productions. In 1986, after Disney had moved into making mostly live-action movies, it was re-established as Walt Disney Feature Animation, taking on its current name in 2007. It has been known for making animated feature movies in association with Walt Disney Pictures. 

Walt Disney Animation Studios is headquartered in the Sorcerer's Hat building which was completed in 1995. It is in Burbank, California close to Walt Disney Studios. The Walt Disney Studios where its original animated studio was located. Satellite studios were around the world in locations like Paris, France, Tokyo, Japan and even at Disney's Hollywood Studios, one of the four theme parks in Walt Disney World, Florida. They were all closed down by 2004 and December 24, 2022 because the 2D movies which the satellite studios made were unsuccessful what 

List of Disney characters

Since 1937, Walt Disney Animation Studios has produced 60 movies with Walt Disney Pictures. The first one, "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", was released in 1937. The newest one, "Encanto," was released in 2021, with their last released being "Wish" in 2023.

This list includes the films made by Walt Disney Animation Studios.
This does not include Disney's direct-to-video or television follow-up films produced by either Disney Television Animation or DisneyToon Studios.
The animation studio is noted for creating a number of now-standard innovations in the animation industry, including:


Among its significant achievements are:




Oscilloscope Laboratories

Oscilloscope Laboratories is an independent movie distribution company. It was started by Beastie Boys member Adam Yauch and former THINKFilm executive David Fenkel. It has a recording studio and movie production facilities. 

Fenkel will be returning to the company according to a statement made by an Oscilloscope spokeswoman on May 4, 2012 following Yauch's death. 
All titles are given a number which goes to the spine number of the DVD (or for some titles DVD and Blu-ray)


Relativity Media

Relativity Media (sometimes written as RelativityMedia and Relativity) is an American movie studio in West Hollywood, California. It buys, develops, produces, and distributes movies and produces television programming. It was founded in 2004 by Ryan Kavanaugh.

On January 4, 2009, Relativity Media bought the genre label Rogue Pictures from Universal, for $150 million. On July 6, 2010, Relativity and Netflix announced a five-year-plus Pay-TV deal. The first two movies to stream on Netflix were "The Fighter" and "Skyline".

On July 23, 2010 Relativity bought the 45-person marketing and distribution staff of Starz’ Overture Films. On May 20, 2012, it was reported that Relativity and EuropaCorp signed a co-production and co-financing deal on two movies and Relativity will distribute them in U.S. Relativity also has co-production deals with Atlas Entertainment and Virgin Produced.










Text to speech

Text to speech (TTS) is the use of software to create a sound output in the form of a spoken voice. The program that is used by programs to change text on the page to an audio output of the spoken voice is normally a text to speech engine. Blind people, people who do not see well, and people with reading disabililties can rely on good text-to-speech systems. That way they can listen to pieces of the text. TTS engines are needed for an audio output of machine translation results.

Up until about 2010, there was the analytic approach: This approach uses multiply steps to convert the text to speech. Usually, an input text is transformed into phonetic writing. This says how the words are pronounced, and not how they are written. In the phonetic writing, phonemes can be identified. The system can then produce speech by putting together prerecorded or synthesized diphones. A problem is to make the language flow sound natural, what linguists call prosody. 

As of 2022, deep learning is used. To get a good result, neural networks are trained with many good samples. 

Historically, the first systems for speech synthesis used formants. Industrial Systems today, mostly use signal processing.

Long before there was electronic signal processing, people tried to build machines that were capable of producing human speech. Gerbert of Aurillac (the future Pope Sylvester II) is said to have constructed a talking head which was able to say yes, and no, in the year 1003. Albertus Mahnus (1198–1280) and Roger Bacon (1219–1294) are also said to have constructed machines, but no records survive. Christian Gottlieb Kratzenstein (1723-1795) built a machine in 1779, that was able to produce long vocals (a,e,i,o,u). He used modified organ pipes for his machine. The machine was called "speech organ". Wolfgang von Kempelen started to develop a speech machine. In 1791, he published a paper "Mechanismus der menschlichen Sprache nebst der Beschreibung seiner sprechenden Maschine" (Mechanism of human language, besides description of its speaking-machine). Like Kempele's machine it use a set of bellows to emulate the lungs. Unlike Katzensein, he only used a mechanism with a single pipe, which is more like the human vocal tract. Other than vocals, it could produce plosives, and some fricatives. Attached to these "vocal chords" was a formable leather tube. Von Kempelen wrote: 

"in einer Zeit von drei Wochen eine bewundernswerte Fertigkeit im Spielen erlangen, besonders wenn man sich auf die lateinische, französische oder italienische Sprache verlegt, denn die deutsche ist "[aufgrund der häufigen Konsonantenbündel]" um vieles schwerer." (gain an admirable skill in playing in a time of three weeks, especially if you go for Latin, French, or Italian, because German is much more difficult [due to the frequent consonant bundles].)

In 1837, Charles Wheatsone built a speaking machine following this principle, a copy can be found in the Deutsche Museum.In 1857, Jospeh Faber built Euphonia, which also uses this principle. 

At the end of the 19th century, the focus changed: People no longer wanted to build copies of the vocal system, they wanted to simulate vocal space. Hermann von Helmholtz(1821-1895) used specially tuned forks to create vowels. The resonant frequencies are called formants. Combining different formants to generate speech was mainstream until the mid 1990s. 

In the 1930s, Bell Labs developed vocoder, a machine that used a keyboard to synthesize speech. People said it generated speech that was understandable. Homer Dudley improved the design to the Voder, and presented it at the 1939 New York World's Fair. Voder used electronic oscillators to create formant frequencies. 

In the late 1950s, computers were first used to generate speech. The first complete text-to-speech system using computers was completed in 1968.John Larry Kelly Jr. worked at Bell Labs at the time. He used an IBM 704 to make it sing the song Daisy Bell. Stanley Kubrick was so impressed that he integrated it into his movie . 

Up until about the millennium, the result of electronic speech synthesis was robot-like, and hard to understand, at times. Since then they are better to understand: the focus shifted from generating speech itself to recognizing the text, and putting together pre-recorded high-quality samples.


Aristarchus of Samos

Aristarchus (310 BC – about 230 BC), was an ancient Greek astronomer and mathematician. His is the first known model that put the Sun at the center of the known universe with the Earth revolving around it (see Solar system).

Aristarchus was influenced by Philolaus of Croton, but he identified the "central fire" with the Sun, and put the other planets in their correct order of distance around the Sun. His astronomical ideas were often rejected in favour of the geocentric theories of Aristotle and Ptolemy.

His name is "Ἀρίσταρχος" in Greek letters, which transliterates to Aristarchos. He was born on the island of Samos, in the eastern Aegean Sea.

Heliocentrism is the idea of the Sun at the centre. Though the original text has been lost, a reference in Archimedes' book "The Sand Reckoner" describes another work by Aristarchus in which he advanced the heliocentric model as an alternative hypothesis. Archimedes wrote:

So Aristarchus believed the stars were very far away, which is an important step. Therefore, there was no observable parallax, that is, a movement of the stars relative to each other while the Earth moves around the Sun. The stars are much farther away than was generally assumed in ancient times; and the tiny amount of stellar parallax is only detectable with telescopes.

The old geocentric model explained planetary parallax, and was assumed to be the reason why no stellar parallax was observed. Rejection of the heliocentric view was common, as the following passage from Plutarch suggests ("On the apparent face in the orb of the Moon"):

The only other astronomer of antiquity who is known by name and who is known to have supported Aristarchus' heliocentric model was Seleucus, a Hellenistic astronomer who lived a century after Aristarchus.

The heliocentric theory was successfully revived nearly 1800 years later by Copernicus, after which Johannes Kepler and Isaac Newton gave the theoretical explanation based on laws of physics, namely Kepler's laws for the motion of planets and Newton's laws on gravitational attraction and dynamics.

The Vatican library has preserved two ancient manuscripts with estimates of the length of the year. The only ancient scientist listed for two different values is Aristarchus. Both are close to the values later used by Hipparchus and Ptolemy, and the precession indicated is almost precisely 1 degree per century, a value which is too low. 1 degree per century precession was used by all later astronomers until the Arabs. The correct value in Aristarchus's time was about 1.38 degrees per century.



Abergavenny fireworks display

The Abergavenny fireworks display is an annual organized fireworks display. It is held each year on Guy Fawkes Night (November 5) in Abergavenny, Wales.

The event takes place in Belgrave Park. It has been running each year since about 1968.

The event is run and organized by the local social networking group Abergavenny and District Round Table, which is one of the hundreds of branches in the UK of the Round Table (club). It is a non profit event with all proceeds being distributed to charity’s and good courses, primarily in and around the Abergavenny area. Some of the those to have benefited from monies raised from the Abergavenny fireworks display include: Abergavenny Scouts, Crickhowell Scouts, Jigsaw community project, Llanbedr Village Thai Boxing, Mardy Juniors Football, RTB Ebbw Vale Junior AFC Club, a fuller list is on the Abergavenny and District web site.

The Abergavenny fireworks display was originally started to provide a display for the children’s home in c1965 it moved to its current location of Belgrave park in c1968 as the fireworks could be seen from the nearby Nevill hall hospital, the fireworks display has been put on every year since, up to the present.

A competition is held with the help of the local schools to design a poster for the Abergavenny fireworks display. The posters are used as part of the advertising of the event. The 2011 winners were unveiled on the front page on the Abergavenny Chronicle. With the winners and their class mates receiving child entrance tickets to the fireworks display, and the school receiving a donation.


Leszek Drogosz

Leszek Melchior Drogosz (January 6, 1933 – September 7, 2012) was a Polish boxer and actor. He won a bronze medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Saigon River

The Saigon River () is a river in Vietnam. It begins at Lake Dau Tieng (in its water-catchment area) near the country of Cambodia.

The river flows south and south-southeast for about . Most of the rivers in the Mekong Delta region have a water-table and canal connection. The system of rivers and canals for southern Vietnam help with water transport for commercial activities. The water supplies many businesses and agricultural (farm) operations.

The Saigon River has a river port at Ho Chi Minh City. It ends just after the Phu My Bridge (). The Saigon River ends by meeting another two rivers, the Nha Be and Dong Nai rivers. The lower end of the river is on the flood plain, and is therefore subject to tide change from the sea and delta. Ho Chi Minh City regularly floods (in areas that get a lot of floods) with either tidewater or rainwater.

The river system has many fish. Recently the government released native fish to improve the population. Fish, shrimp, and snails are popular for farming.

Avemetatarsalia

Avemetatarsalia (meaning "bird toes") is a clade name established in 1999 for all crown group archosaurs that are closer to birds than to crocodiles. An alternate name is Panaves, or "all birds", meaning all animals, living or extinct, which are more closely related to birds than to crocodiles.

Members of this group are basically the dinosaurs (including birds), the pterosaurs, and some earlier animals which are a bit difficult to place. They are one wing of the Archosaurs, the other being the Crurotarsi.

Bird-line archosaurs appear in the fossil record early in the Middle Triassic about 245 million years ago (mya), with the dinosaur-like "Asilisaurus". However, Lower Triassic fossil footprints reported in 2010 from Poland may belong to a still more primitive type. If so, the origin of avemetatarsalians would be pushed back to around 249 mya. The oldest Polish footprints were made by an unknown small quadrupedal animal, but slightly later footprints show that moderately large bipedal dinosauromorphs had appeared by 246 mya.

The Permian-Triassic extinction event is dated at about 250 mya. The TriassicJurassic junction is about 200 mya. The age of the footprints suggests that the rise of the dinosaurs was slow and drawn out across much of the Triassic.

Archosaur clades:

Sphyrna

Sphyrna is one of the two genera in the Hammerhead shark group, and is the largest genera out of the two, with eight members in it. The word "Sphyrna" is a Greek word meaning "hammer", which refers to the shape of the shark's head.

Members in the "Sphyrna" group measure in size from the Scoophead, which is 100 centimeters (1 meter) long, to the Great hammerhead shark, which is 610 centimeters (6.1 meters) long. The Smalleye Hammerhead Shark weighs around 9 kg, and the Great hammerhead shark weighs about 230 kg. Members of this group are usually light grey or brownish grey in colour with a tint of green, and have a white belly.

Members of the "Sphyrna" group's favourite type of food are stingrays. But they also eat crustaceans like blue crabs and shrimp, molluscs like octopuses and squids, many types of fish like sardines and herrings, and other types of sharks. When they can not find food they start eating each other, but the Great hammerhead shark is known to eat its own young.

Members of this group are mainly viviparous, but in 2007, a bonnethead was found to be capable of asexual reproduction. They give birth to around 12-40 young at a time. Once they are born, young ones come together in groups, and swim towards warmer waters. They then stay together in groups until they are older and big enough to live on their own. They live for around 20–30 years.



Mito, Ibaraki

It has been recognized as a special city since 2001.

Mito was a major center of historical and philosophical studies during the Edo period.


Michael Tolan

Michael Tolan (born Seymour Tuchow; November 27, 1925 – January 31, 2011) was an American movie, stage, and television actor. His first role was in "The Enforcer". He appeared in "Fort Worth", "The Greatest Story Ever Told", "Presumed Innocent", and "Decoy". 

Tolan was born in Detroit, Michigan on November 27, 1925. He was educated at Wayne State University and at Staford University. He was married to Carol Hume until they divorced. He was married to Rosemary Forsyth from 1966 until they divorced in 1975. He was partners with Donna Peck until his death. He had two children with Hume and one with Forsyth. 

He died on January 31, 2011 in Hudson, New York from kidney failure. He was 85 years old.


Frances Bay

Frances Bay (Frances Goffman January 23, 1919 – September 15, 2011) was a Canadian movie, television, and stage actress who started her career when she was 50 and is known for her role as Grandma Gilmore in "Happy Gilmore".

She was born in Mannville, Alberta, Canada on January 23, 1919. Her father was a Ukrainian Jewish immigrant. She was raised in Dauphin, Manitoba, Canada. She was married to Charles Bay from 1946 until his death in 2002. They had a son Eli Joshua Bay who died before them. Bay was in a car crash and had a leg amputated in 2002, after her husband's death.

Bay died on September 15, 2011 in Tarzana, California by her home in Los Angeles, California from pneumonia, she was 92 years old.

Jack Mercer

Jack Mercer (January 13, 1910 – December 4, 1984) was an American movie, television, voice, and stage actor, storyman, and animator who is known for his voice role as Popeye.

He was born in Worthington, Indiana on January 31, 1910. He was married to Margie Hines from 1939 to 1942. Then to Virginia Mercer until his death in 1984, he had no children.

He died in Queens, New York from stomach cancer on December 4, 1984, he was 74 years old.


Margie Hines

Margie Hines (Margret Hines October 1, 1909 – 1985) was an American movie, stage, voice, and television actress. She is known for her voice role as Olive Oyl in "Popeye" and as Betty Boop. She was born in New York City, New York on October 1, 1909. She was married to Jack Mercer from 1939 until they divorced in 1942.

Shinjuku

On 15 March 1947, the ward of Shinjuku was formed by combining the wards of Ushigome, Yodobashi, and Yotsuya.

In 1991, the Tokyo Government moved from the Marunouchi district of Chiyoda to the current building in Shinjuku.

Surrounding Shinjuku are six other wards: Chiyoda to the east; Bunkyo and Toshima to the north; Nakano to the west, and Shibuya and Minato to the south.


Mae Questel

Mae Questel (born Mae Kwestel, September 13, 1908 – January 4, 1998) was an American film, television, stage, and voice actress, who was most famous for her voice role as Betty Boop (1931–1939, 1988). She was also known for voicing the animated character Olive Oyl between 1933 and 1983, and for her role as Aunt Bethany in the Comedy/Slapstick show "National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation" (1989).

She was born in New York City, New York and was educated at Columbia University. She was married to Leo Balkin from 1930 until they divorced. Then she married Jack E. Shelby from 1970 until his death. She had 2 children. She died in Manhattan, New York City, from Alzheimer's disease, she was 89 years old.


Nikkō

The Shinto shrine of Nikkō Tōshō-gū was completed in 1617. It is the burial place of Tokugawa Ieyasu. 

The shrines and temples of Nikkō have been recongized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. 



Methyl benzoate

Methyl benzoate is an organic compound. It has the chemical formula CHCOCH. It is a colorless liquid that is poorly soluble in water, but miscible with organic solvents.

Gottlob Frege

Friedrich Ludwig Gottlob Frege (8 November 1848 – 26 July 1925) was a German mathematician and philosopher. Today, he is remembered for the work he did in mathematical logic and the foundations of first order logic and mathematics. He is generally considered to be the father of analytic philosophy, for his writings on the philosophy of language and mathematics. When he published his works, they were mostly ignored by others of his time. Giuseppe Peano (1858–1932) and Bertrand Russell (1872–1970) introduced his work to later generations of logicians and philosophers.


Quad Cities

The Quad Cities is a group of five cities along the Mississippi River in the states of Iowa and Illinois. The five cities are Davenport, Iowa, Bettendorf, Iowa, Moline, Illinois, East Moline, Illinois, and Rock Island, Illinois. The largest of these cities is Davenport. Nearly 400,000 people live in the area.

The name "Quad Cities" can be confusing because "quad" means four. People began calling the area the Quad Cities in the 1960s, before Bettendorf was large enough to be considered a "city". By the time Bettendorf was large enough, people were so used to the name "Quad Cities" that they decided to keep it. (Even earlier, the area had been called the "Tri-Cities", before East Moline became large enough to be considered a city.)

The manufacturing, or making, of goods is a big part of the economy in the Quad Cities. Military equipment, such as weapons and armor, are made at the Rock Island Arsenal. John Deere & Company, which makes farm equipment, is in Moline.

PSY

Park Jae-Sang (; born December 31, 1977) is a South Korean singer-songwriter, rapper and record producer. He is mainly known by his stage name, PSY (). His 2012 single "Gangnam Style" was a surprise viral video. Before its popularity he was little known outside South Korea. Psy performed "Gangnam Style" on the American show Saturday Night Live.

Night Riviera

The Night Riviera is a sleeper train operated by First Great Western. It is one of only two sleeper trains on the railway in Great Britain (the other being the Caledonian Sleeper). It runs two trains per night, six days a week (Sun-Fri) between London Paddington and Penzance, with one train departing in each direction.

John Nolan (actor)

John Nolan (born May 22, 1938) is a British movie and television actor who is known for his role as a Wayne Enterprises board member Douglas Fredericks in "Batman Begins" and "The Dark Knight Rises". He was born in London, England and is married to Kim Hartman since 1975. He has two sons and a daughter. He is the uncle to Christopher Nolan and Jonathan Nolan.

Mark Boone Junior

Mark Boone Junior (born Mark Heidrich March 17, 1956) is an American television and movie actor. He is known for his roles in "Memento" and in "Batman Begins" as Detective Flass. He played Bobby Munson in "Sons of Anarchy". He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois.

Eric Roberts

Eric Anthony Roberts (born April 18, 1956) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for his roles in "King of the Gypsies" and "Paul's Case". He is also known for playing a Gotham Gangster Salvator Maroni in "The Dark Knight". He was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards and one Academy Award.
Roberts was born in Biloxi, Mississippi. His parents, Betty Lou (née Bredemus) and Walter Grady Roberts, one-time actors and playwrights, met while performing theatrical productions for the armed forces. They later co-founded the Atlanta Actors and Writers Workshop in Atlanta, Georgia off of Juniper Street in Midtown. Roberts' mother filed for divorce in 1971 and it was finalized early in 1972. His younger siblings, Julia Roberts (from whom he was estranged until 2004) and Lisa Roberts Gillan, are also actors. His mother married Michael Motes and had daughter Nancy Motes in 1976. Roberts is of English, Scottish, Irish, Welsh, German, and Swedish ancestry. Roberts was raised in Atlanta, Georgia. He studied at Henry W. Grady High School.

He was sued two times, one for drug related problems and the other for slamming his wife into a wall. All charges were later dropped.

He is a vegan and supporter of animal rights.

Roberts is currently married to Eliza Garret since 1992; they have a son and a daughter. He also has a daughter from an earlier relationship with Kelly Cunningham, Emma Roberts. He is the brother of Julia Roberts and Lisa Roberts Gillan.


Lisa Roberts Gillan

Lisa Roberts Gillan (born Lisa Roberts; January 1, 1965) is an American actress. She is the sister of actors Eric Roberts and Julia Roberts, and the aunt of actress Emma Roberts.
She is married to Tony Gillan.

Roberts was born in Decatur, Georgia. Her mother, Betty Lou Motes (nee Bredemus), was a one-time church secretary and real estate agent, and her father, Walter Grady Roberts, was a vacuum cleaner salesman. Roberts's parents, one-time actors and playwrights, met while performing theatrical productions for the armed forces and later co-founded the Atlanta Actors and Writers Workshop in Atlanta, Georgia off Juniper Street in Midtown; the two divorced in 1971. Her mother later married Michael Motes and had a daughter, named Nancy Motes, who was born in 1976. Roberts's father died of cancer when she was ten.

Charles Cyphers

Charles Cyphers (born July 28, 1939) is an American movie, television, and stage actor who is known for his role as Sheriff Leigh Brackett in "Halloween" (1978) and "Halloween Kills" (2021). He was born Niagara Falls, New York on July 28, 1939. His career started in the 1970s.

Brad Dourif

Bradford Claude Thomas Dourif (; born March 18, 1950) is an American character actor. He was nominated for an Oscar, and won a Golden Globe and a BAFTA Award for his supporting role as Billy Bibbit in the film "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" (1975). He is also known for his roles as Charles Lee Ray and the voice of Chucky in the "Child's Play" franchise (1988–2017), and Gríma Wormtongue in "The Lord of the Rings" series (2002–2003).

Dourif's other film roles include "Wise Blood" (1979), "Dune" (1984), "Blue Velvet" (1986), "Mississippi Burning" (1988), "The Exorcist III" (1990) and "Alien Resurrection" (1997). He also appeared in many television series, notably "Deadwood" (2004–2006, ), for which he received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination.

Dourif has three children, two daughters: Kristina / Christina Dourif, born c. 1976, actress Fiona Dourif, born c. 1981, and one son: Thomas, born c. 1984 with his late wife Jonina Dourif,whose name sometimes appears in media as Janet.


Guillermo del Toro

Guillermo del Toro (born October 9, 1964) is a Mexican movie director, screenwriter, author, and producer who is known for directing "Pan's Labyrinth", "" and "The Shape of Water". He known for his fiction or fantasy movies. He is also known for his monster movies. He won a Golden Globe, BAFTA Award, Satellite Award and an Academy Award in 2018.

He is also close friends with fellow Mexican filmmakers Alfonso Cuarón and Alejandro G. Iñárritu, collectively known as "The Three Amigos of Cinema".

He was born on October 9, 1964 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico. He was married to Lorenza Newton from 1986 until they divorced in 2017 and they have two children. He lives in Agoura Hills, California. He has won a British Academy Film Award and a Saturn Award.

Guillermo del Toro's filmmaking style is marked by a blend of genres, meticulous attention to detail, practical effects for creatures, exploration of deep themes, the creation of unique atmospheres through genre conventions, challenging stereotypes, a personal penchant for the macabre and Gothic themes, and a strong atmosphere that immerses viewers.


Crain Communications Building

Crain Communications Building, formerly known as Smurfit-Stone Building and Stone Container Building, is a small skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois constructed in 1983 and finished in 1984. The building is 582 feet (177 meters) and 41 stories tall. It is well known for the diamond shape upon the top of the building. The diamond shaped facade is also known to occasionally sport worded slogans at night, such as "GO BEARS" or "GO CUBS."

The design of the south east corner of the building features a prominent vertical slit from the ground, through the diamond shaped facade, and to the top of the building. It is because of this that some theorize the building was deliberately designed this way (resembling a woman's vulva) to antithesize the often "male-featured" inspiration behind most skyscrapers. This, however, was later debunked by the architect to be a mere coincidence.

James R. Thompson Center

The James R. Thompson Center is a dome shaped building that is about 93 meters to the top of the building. It is a building of house offices of the state of Illinois. The center was named after Governor James R. Thompson in 1993. It opened in 1985. It is located in Chicago, Illinois. 

In 2015, and again in 2017, Governor Bruce Rauner also proposed selling the property, and a legislative committee to explore his request was announced by Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan in February 2017.

On February 13, 2018, Chicago Police Commander Paul Bauer was shot and killed by Shomari Legghetti, while Bauer was perusing a suspected outside of the Thompson Center.


Richard J. Daley Center

The Richard J. Daley Center or The Daley Center is a civic center in the city of Chicago, Illinois. The center is named after Mayor Richard J. Daley. The building is 648 feet (198 meters) 30 store building. The Daley Center was opened in 1965. The center has a sculpture, "Chicago Picasso" made by Pablo Picasso.


Richard Hamilton (actor)

Richard Hamilton (December 31, 1920 – December 21, 2004) was an American movie, television, and stage actor who is known for his role as Agent D in "Men in Black" (1997). 

Hamilton was born on December 31, 1920 in Chicago, Illinois. He was married to Marilyn Morgan Hamilton until his death in 2004. Hamilton died on December 21, 2004 in New York City, New York from natural causes, he was 83 years old.

Thurl Ravenscroft

Thurl Arthur Ravenscroft (February 6, 1914 – May 22, 2005) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor, and singer who is known for his voice roles as Kirby in "The Brave Little Toaster Movie Series" and as Tony the Tiger. 

He was born on February 6, 1914 in Norfolk, Nebraska. Ravenscroft was educated at Otis College of Art and Design. He was married to June Ravenscroft from 1946 until her death in 1999, they had two chidren. Ravenscroft died on May 22, 2005 in Fullerton, California from prostate cancer, he was 91 years old.


Northeast Greenland National Park

Northeast Greenland National Park is a national park in Greenland, Denmark. It is the largest national park in the world, with an area of . This makes the park larger than most countries. It would place 31st if it were a country, just behind Egypt. It is the only national park in Greenland, and the most northerly national park in the world. Its most northerly point reaches slightly further than the most northerly point in Quttinirpaaq National Park in Canada.

The park was first created on 22 May 1974. It came from the northern, practically uninhabited part of the former Ittoqqortoormiit Municipality in Tunu (East Greenland). In 1988 the park was expanded by another to its present size. This was by adding the northeastern part of the former county of Avannaa (North Greenland). In January 1977 it was made an international biosphere reserve.

An estimated 5,000 to 15,000 musk oxen, as well as many polar bears and walrus, can be found near the coastal regions of the park. This is claimed to be 40% of the world population of musk ox. Other mammals include arctic fox, stoat, collared lemming and arctic hare. Other marine mammals include ringed seal, bearded seal, harp seal and hooded seal as well as narwhal and Beluga whale.

Species of birds which breed in the park include great northern diver, barnacle goose, pink-footed goose, common eider, king eider, gyrfalcon, snowy owl, sanderling, ptarmigan and raven.

Bearded seal

The bearded seal ("Erignathus barbatus"), also called the square flipper seal, is a medium-sized pinniped. It is found in and near to the Arctic Ocean.

Fossils indicate that, during the Pleistocene epoch, bearded seals went as far south as South Carolina.

Features of this earless seal include square front flippers and thick bristles on its muzzle. Adults are greyish-brown in colour, darker on the back. Occasionally the face and neck are reddish-brown. Bearded seal pups are born with a greyish-brown fur with scattered patches of white on the back and head. The bearded seal is unique in the subfamily Phocinae in having two pairs of teats. This is a feature it shares with monk seals.

Bearded seals are about to in nose-to-tail length. They are to in weight. Both sexes are about the same size.

Bearded seals are a main food source for polar bears and for the Inuit of the Arctic coast. The body fat content of a bearded seal is 30–40%.

Bearded seals feed on a variety of small prey found along the ocean floor, including clams, squid, and fish. Their whiskers serve as feelers in the soft bottom sediments. Adults tend not to dive very deep. They like shallow coastal areas no more than deep. Pups up to one year old will venture much deeper, diving as deep as .

Bearded seals give birth in the spring. In the Canadian Arctic, seal pupping is in May. Further south, in Alaska, most pups are born in late April. Pups are born on small drifting ice floes in shallow waters. They usual weigh around 30–40 kg. They enter the water only hours after they are born, and quickly become very good divers. Mothers care for the pups for 18–24 days. During this time the pups grow at an average rate of 3.3 kg per day. Pups consume an average of eight liters of milk a day. By the time they are weaned, the pups have grown to about one hundred kilograms.

Just before the pups are weaned, a new mating cycle takes place. Females ovulate at the end of their lactation period, but stay close to their pups, ready to defend them if necessary. During the mating season, male seals will "sing". This sound may attract females, or may be used by the males to say what territory is theirs or their readiness for breeding. Males live in the same areas from one year to the next.

Hooded seal

The hooded seal ("Cystophora cristata") is an arctic pinniped. It is found only in the central and western North Atlantic. It ranges from Svalbard in the east to the Gulf of St. Lawrence in the west.

The male has a peculiar inflatable bladder on the head. This bladder hangs between his eyes and down over his upper lip in the deflated state. In addition, he can inflate a large balloon-like sac from one of his nostrils. The bulge develops when the seal is four years old. The male can blow up this bulge, so that it is the size of its head.

The hooded seal can live to about age 30 to 35.

Adult males are long on average, and weigh . Females are much smaller: long and weighing . The colour is silvery; the body is scattered with dark, irregular marks. The head is darker than the rest of the body, and without marks.

Pups are about long at birth and weigh about . They are born on the ice from mid-March to early April. They are born with a slate blue-grey coat with a pale cream color on the belly. They moult after about 14 months. Nursing of the pup lasts for an average of only 4 days. This is the shortest lactation period of any mammal. During the 4 days the pup doubles in size, gaining around 7 kg/day. This is possible because the milk that they drink has a fat content of 60%. The female pup will mature between ages 3 and 6. The male pup will mature between ages 5 and 7.

Barnacle goose

The barnacle goose ("Branta leucopsis") belongs to the genus "Branta" of black geese. This genus has species with largely black plumage, setting them apart from the grey "Anser" species.

The barnacle goose is a medium-sized goose, long. Its wingspan is and the body mass is . It has a white face and black head, neck, and upper breast. Its belly is white. The wings and its back are silver-gray with black-and-white bars that look like they are shining when the light reflects on it. During flight a V-shaped white rump patch and the silver-gray underwing linings can be seen.

Barnacle geese often build their nests high on mountain cliffs and in dark, damp caves. This keeps them away from predators (mostly Arctic foxes and polar bears) but also away from food. Like all geese, the goslings are not fed by the adults.

Instead of bringing food to the newly hatched goslings, the goslings are brought to the ground. Unable to fly, the three day old goslings jump off the cliff and fall. Their small size, feathery down, and very light weight helps to protect most of them from serious injury when they hit the rocks below. Some do die from the fall. Arctic foxes are attracted by the noise made by the parent geese during this time. They eat dead or injured goslings. The foxes also stalk the young as they are led by the parents to wetland feeding areas.

Pink-footed goose

The pink-footed goose ("Anser brachyrhynchus") is a goose which breeds in eastern Greenland, Iceland and Svalbard. It is migratory. It winters in northwest Europe, especially Great Britain, the Netherlands, and western Denmark.

It is a medium-sized goose, 60–75 cm (24–30 in) long. The wingspan is 135–170  (53–67 in) cm. It weighs 1.8–3.4 kg (4–7.5 lbs). It has a short bill, bright pink in the middle with a black base and tip, and pink feet. The body is grey-brown, the head and neck a richer, darker brown, the rump white, and the tail grey with a broad white tip.

Nesting is often on cliffs close to glaciers. This gives protection from mammalian predators (mainly Arctic Fox). Three to six eggs are laid in early to mid May in Iceland, late May in Svalbard. Incubation lasts 26–27 days. On hatching, the goslings go with the parents on foot to the nearest lake. They fledge after about 56 days. Southbound migration is from mid September to early October, and northbound from mid April to early May.

The diet is almost entirely vegetarian. In summer, they feed on a wide range of tundra plants, both on land and in water. In winter, they graze mostly on oilseed rape, sugar beet, potato, and various grasses. Damage to crops can be large.

Common eider

The common eider ("Somateria mollissima") is a large sea-duck. They live on the northern coasts of Europe, North America and eastern Siberia. It breeds in Arctic and some northern temperate regions. They winter farther south in temperate zones. There it can form large flocks on coastal waters. It can fly at speeds up to 113 km/h (70 mph).

The common eider is both the largest of the four eider species and the largest duck found in Europe and in North America. It measures in length, weighs and spans across the wings. It has a bulky shape and large, wedge-shaped bill. The male is unmistakable, with its black and white plumage and green nape. The female is a brown bird. It can be told apart from all ducks, except other eider species, because of size and head shape. This duck's call is a pleasant "ah-ooo". The species is often readily approachable.

This species dives for crustaceans and molluscs, with mussels being a favoured food. The eider will eat mussels by swallowing them whole; the shells are then crushed in their gizzard and excreted. When eating a crab, the Eider will remove all of its claws and legs, and then eat the body in a similar fashion.

Eiders are colonial breeders. They nest on coastal islands in colonies ranging in size of less than 100 to upwards of 10,000-15,000 individuals. Female eiders often return to breed on the same island where they were hatched. This can lead to a high degree of relatedness between individuals nesting on the same island.

King eider

The king eider ("Somateria spectabilis") is a large sea duck. It breeds along Northern Hemisphere Arctic coasts of northeast Europe, North America and Asia. The birds spend most of the year in coastal marine ecosystems at high latitudes. They migrate to the Arctic tundra to breed in June and July. They lay four to seven eggs in a scrape on the ground lined with grass and down.

The king eider winters in arctic and subarctic marine areas, most notably in the Bering Sea, the west coast of Greenland, eastern Canada and northern Norway. It also happens yearly off the northeastern United States, Scotland and Kamchatka. Breeding areas include the Arctic coastal tundra of the north coast of Alaska. This species dives for benthic invertebrates, such as crustaceans, polychaete worms, and molluscs, with mussels being a favoured food. Wintering birds can form large flocks on suitable coastal waters, with some flocks bigger than 100,000 birds.

This species is smaller than the common eider. The male is unmistakable with its black body, white breast and multicoloured head. The drake's call is a deep cooing. 

The female is a brown bird. They can still be told apart from all ducks except other eider species on size and structure. The head is shorter than in the common eider, and the feathering onto the bill is rounded, not triangular in shape.

An immature drake is typically all dark with a white breast and a yellow bill patch. 

The king eider is a regular source of fresh meat in the spring. They begin their migration past the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta in late April and are hunted in great numbers. In May, several hundred thousand eiders pass Point Barrow in northern Alaska on their way to Alaskan and Canadian breeding grounds.

Joyce Randolph

Joyce Sirola (October 21, 1924 – January 13, 2024) was an American actress. She played Trixie Norton on "The Honeymooners". Randolph was born on October 21, 1924 in Detroit, Michigan. 

She was married to Richard Lincoln Charles from 1955 until his death in 1997. They had a son. She was the last living Honeymooners cast member.

She was professionally known as Joyce Randolph.

Randolph died in her sleep on January 13, 2024 under hospice care in New York City at the age of 99, nine months before her 100th birthday.


Colonel Sanders

"Colonel" Harland David Sanders (September 9, 1890 – December 16, 1980) was an American entrepreneur. He started the company Kentucky Fried Chicken.

Sanders was born in Henryville, Indiana on September 9, 1890. He studied at Southern University. He was married to Josephine King until they divorced. He later married Claudia Price. Sanders had 3 children. Sanders died at age 90 on December 16, 1980 in Louisville, Kentucky from leukemia and pneumonia.


Ziegler Polar Expedition

The Ziegler polar expedition of 1903–1905 was a failed attempt to reach the North Pole. The party was stranded north of the Arctic Circle for two years before being rescued. All but one of its members survived. The expedition was paid for by William Ziegler and led by Anthony Fiala. They left from Tromsø, Norway, on June 14, 1903, aboard "America". 

Ziegler chose Anthony Fiala, who was a photographer on an earlier mission, to lead his second polar trip. Fiala calculated that the food for an eight dog team and driver would be at least 1100 pounds. This was an issue, as the most a sled could hold was 600 pounds. He planned to use ponies to carry the extra supplies. Then to feed the dogs on horse meat when the supplies were low.

In November 1903 severe weather started. The ship broke up, destroying the provisions and coal. 

The following spring, more tries were made to reach the pole by traveling both east and west. The conditions were too severe, and open water caused difficulties. Supplies ran low, and the expedition headed south. They reached depots at Cape Flora, Cape Dillion, and Camp Ziegler.

William Peters, who was second in command, took this time to lead the crew in survey work. This helped to make maps and charts better.

With the knowledge that rescue ships would be sent to them, the expedition stayed hopeful. A rescue party, led by William S. Champ aboard the "Terra Nova", sailed direct to the ice fields. On July 24, they encountered thick ice. This made the crew doubt they could reach their destination. However the ship reached Palmi Island on July 28 and Cape Dillion the following day. 6 expedition members were found there. More members were found at Cape Flora, and the Terra Nova returned to Cape Dillion. A sled party was organized, which brought back the crew.

Chan's megastick

Chan's megastick (Phobaeticus chani) is a species of stick insect. It is the longest insect in the world. One specimen in the London Natural History Museum measures . This is with the front legs fully extended. The body is long.

Named after amateur Malaysian naturalist, Datuk Chan Chew Lun, only six specimens are known, all from the state of Sabah in Borneo. Very little is known about its biology, but it may live in the canopy of the rainforest, making it especially hard to find. However, there is no evidence, and the related "Phobaeticus kirbyi" is found on low growing vegetation alongside rainforest paths.

"Phobaeticus chani" was selected as one of "The Top 10 New Species" described in 2008 by the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University and an international committee of taxonomists. The species was also listed as one of the top ten discoveries of the decade in a BBC television documentary (broadcast in either 2010 or 2011).


University of Mainz

The Universität Mainz (; abbreviation: "JGU") is a university in Mainz, Germany. It was founded in the year 1477. In 2012, there were more than 36,000 students.

The University of Mainz has ten faculties:


Tochigi (city)

In the Edo period. Tochigi was a significant city.

In the early Meiji period, the city of Tochigi was the Prefectural capital of the old Tochigi Prefecture. After the old Utsunomiya Prefecture and Tochigi Prefecture merged, Tochigi City was briefly the prefectural capital. The capital was moved to Utsunomiya soon after.


Photographic memory

A photographic memory, or eidetic memory, is the ability to remember images or objects in great detail after seeing them for only a short time. The existence of this ability is disputed.

The claims made differ somewhat, but stress the recall of visual information. Examples of the information include: pages from books, magazines, and license plate numbers. It is claimed that those with a photographic memory tend to have higher IQs than those without it. A person with this ability does not use mnemonics. 

The ability is said to occur in the early childhood of a small number of children (between 2 percent and 10 percent) and generally is not found in adults. 

Some do not believe this skill exists. The American cognitive scientist Marvin Minsky, in his book "The Society of Mind" (1988), thought that reports of photographic memory were an “unfounded myth”.

Adriaan de Groot studied the ability of chess grandmasters to memorize the positions of chess pieces on a chess board. At first, people thought they had photographic memory because they could memorize far more information than nonexperts. However, arrangements of pieces that could never occur in a game, their recall was no better than nonexperts. This suggests that they only have an ability to remember certain types of information, rather than photographic memory.

Around 1970, Charles Stromeyer studied his future wife, Elizabeth. He claimed that she could recall poetry written in a foreign language which she did not understand. She could remember the poetry years after she had first seen the poem. She also could, apparently, recall random dot patterns so as to combine two patterns into a stereoscopic image. She is the only person who is known to have passed such a test. The methods used in the testing procedures were not clear. Additionally, the tests have never been repeated (Elizabeth has consistently refused to repeat them). This raised further concerns, and increased skepticism about whether photographic memories were real.

Barnard Courtois

Barnard Courtois (12 February 1777–27 September 1838) was a French chemist born in Dijon, France. He discovered iodine.

Kaymak

Kaymak is a Turkish dairy product. It is similar to clotted cream.

Traditional Turkish kaymak is made from water buffalo milk, but it can also be made from cow milk.

Kaymak is main part of Turkish breakfast. It can be eaten at breakfast with honey or served with desserts.

Hirado, Nagasaki

Hirado has been a port since the Nara period. 

During the Edo period, Hirado was the seat of the Hirado Domain. The city developed around Hirado Castle ("Hirado-jō").

The first Frenchman to arrive in Japan was Francis Caron. He live in Hirado.

The city is located on the island of the same name; and it has expanded to the island of Kyūshū. The two parts of the city are connected by the Hirado Bridge which was built in 1977.


Shambali

Shambali () is a Middle Eastern sweet cake. It is cake made of semolina sweetened with syrup and topped with peanut. Its shape is rectangular.

It is also known in most of the countries which formed the Ottoman Empire. Its name means "Damascus honey" () and shambali can also be called Damascus dessert.

Bitter almond cookie

Bitter almond cookie () is a traditional Turkish cookie.

It is made of bitter almonds, sugar and egg whites and topped with almonds. Its paste contains almond extract. A bitter almond cookie is similar to a macaroon.

Sasebo

It has been recognized as a special city since 2001.

In 1866, Sasebo was established as a major port for the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN).

Sasebo became an American Naval base in 1945.

Today it is the center of a military district of the or JMSDF.


Yehoshua Sofer

Yehoshua Sofer () is an Israeli hip hop musician and martial artist. He was born in 1958 as Nigel Wilson in Jamaica. His family moved to Los Angeles in 1963. There, he studied Tang Soo Do and got a black belt by 1968; at that time, he was just ten. He studied Kuk Sool Won from 1974, and worked as a trainer and bodyguard during the 1970s and 1980s.


Sado, Niigata

Uesugi Kagekatsu took control of the island in the late 1580s.

In the Edo period, gold was discovered on the island. The Tokugawa shogunate took direct control of it. It was administered by an official called the Sado-bugyō. Okubo Nagayasu was appointed to this position by Tokugawa Ieyasu in 1603.

In the Meiji period, the island became part of Niigata Prefecture.


Joseph Black

Joseph Black (16 April 1728 - 6 December 1799) was a French-Scottish scientist, physicist, and inventor. He is known for his research on carbon dioxide, latent heat, and specific heat. He also invented the analytic scale.

Whipping boy

A whipping boy was a young boy who grew up with a young prince. If the prince did something wrong, the whipping boy was punished instead of the prince. Because both grew up together, punishing the whipping boy had strong psychological effects on the prince. In England this was very common. For instance, the English king Charles I had many whipping boys for his son.

False memory syndrome

False memory syndrome is a medical condition where the memory of a person does not match what actually happened. People with this condition believe their memories, they are usually not aware that the memories may be incorrect. People with the condition often witnessed a traumatic event: In order to cope, people "invent" new memories. Emil Kraepelin, a German psychiatrist, talked about memory falsification, in 1886.

Gavin MacLeod

Gavin MacLeod (born Allan George See, February 28, 1931 – May 29, 2021) was an American movie, stage, and television actor who was known for his role as Captain Merrill Stubing in "The Love Boat" and as Murray Slaughter in "The Mary Tyler Moore Show".

He was born in Mount Kisco, New York on February 28, 1931. He was married to Joan Devore from 1954 until they divorced in 1972, they had four children. He was married to Patti Kending from 1972 until they divorced in 1982 and remarried in 1985.

MacLeod died at his home in Palm Desert, California on May 29, 2021 at the age of 90.


Tony Bennett

Tony Bennett (born Anthony Dominick Benedetto, August 3, 1926 – July 21, 2023) was an American singer who was best known for his song "I Left My Heart in San Francisco". During his career, he won 20 Grammy Awards, a Lifetime Achievement Award, and two Primetime Emmy Awards.

Bennett started singing at an early age. He fought in the final stages of World War II. He had his first number-one popular song with "Because of You" in 1951. Several popular tracks such as "Rags to Riches" followed in early 1953. In 1962, Bennett recorded his best known single, "I Left My Heart in San Francisco". He sang several duets and organized concerts with many well known American and foreign singers, including Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Vicente Fernández and others. 

Later in his career, he became known for his collaboration with Lady Gaga, which began with the album "Cheek to Cheek" (2014). They released another album together "Love for Sale" (2021). For this album, Bennett broke the individual record for the longest run of a top-10 album on the "Billboard" 200 chart for any living artist. Bennett also broke the Guinness World Record for the oldest person to release an album of new material, at the age of 95 years and 60 days.

Bennet's final live performances were on August 3 and 5, 2021, when he presented a pair of shows with Lady Gaga at Radio City Music Hall.

Bennett was born at St John’s Hospital in Queens, New York.

He was married three times and had four children. Bennett was a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election.

In February 2021, Bennett said that he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2016. He died from the disease on July 21, 2023 in New York City, aged 96.


Suzy Amis Cameron

Suzy Amis Cameron (born Susan Elizabeth Amis; January 5, 1962) is an American environmentalist and writer who used to be an actress and model. She is known for her role as Lizzy Calvert in "Titanic". She is the wife of Academy Award-winning director James Cameron since 2000; they have four children. She was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. She retired from acting in 1999. She also played Eddie Finneran in "The Usual Suspects".


Lance LeGault

Lance LeGault (William Lance Legault, May 2, 1935 – September 10, 2012) was an American movie, television, and voice actor. He was known for his many television roles, mostly in "The A-Team". He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was married to Theresa LeGault from 1984 until his death in 2012. They had four children. He died on September 10, 2012 in his home in Los Angeles, California from unknown causes. He was 77 years old.

Robert Flemyng

Robert Flemyng (January 3, 1912 – May 22, 1995) was an English movie, stage, voice, radio and television actor who is known for his role as Professor Bernard Hichcock in "The Horrible Dr. Hichcock" (1962). 

He was born in Liverpool, Lancashire, England. Flemyng was married and had one child. He died on May 22, 1995 in London, England from pneumonia, he was 83 years old. 

Ryūkyū Islands

The , also known as the , are a chain of Japanese islands in a line between Kyushu and Taiwan. The native people of the Ryūkyū Islands are the Ryūkyūan people and its native languages are the endangered Ryukyuan languages.

In the islands, the dates from the middle 14th century. It entered into a tributary relationship with Imperial China.

In the early 17th century, the kingdom entered into a tributary relationship with Japan after the Satsuma Domain invaded.

In 1765, the islands were described by Hayashi Shihei in "Sangoku Tsūran Zusetsu".








The islands are at the eastern edge of the East China Sea and the western edge of the Pacific Ocean.

The Islands are separated into two geographical regions: the Northern Ryūkyū Islands, centered on Amami Island, and the Southern Ryūkyū Islands, centered on Okinawa Island. Sometimes the Southern Ryūkyū Islands are further divided into the Okinawa Islands and the Sakishima Islands.

The largest of the islands is Okinawa Island.

Karate was invented by the local people (mainly from Okinawa). The Japanese phrase "Karate-do" means "way of the empty hand").


Jason Segel

Jason Jordan Segel (born January 18, 1980) is an American movie, television, and voice actor who is known for his role as Marshall Eriksen in "How I Met Your Mother". He has also appeared in "Despicable Me" (2010) and "The Muppets" (2011). He was born in Los Angeles, California. He was partners with actress Michelle Williams from 2012 through early 2013.

Gary (rapper)

Kang Hee-gun (; born February 24, 1978) is a South Korean rapper. He is better known by his stage name, Gary (). He is also a former cast member of the variety show "Running Man" and musician of hip-hop duo Leessang.




Leessang

Leessang (Hangul: 리쌍; stylized as LeeSsang) is a South Korean Hip-hop duo, composed of Kang Hee-gun ("Garie") and Gil Seong-joon ("Gil").

Garie

Gil

Desi Arnaz

Desi Arnaz (Desiderio Alberto Arnaz y de Acha III, March 2, 1917 – December 2, 1986) was a Cuban-born American actor, bandleader, and film and television producer. He is known for playing Ricky Ricardo in "I Love Lucy".

He was born in Santiago de Cuba, Cuba. He was married to Lucille Ball from 1940 until they divorced in 1960. They had a son named Desi Jr, and a daughter named Lucie. Then he was married to Edith Mack Hirsh from 1963 until her death in 1985. Arnaz died from lung cancer in Del Mar, California, on December 2, 1986. He was 69 years old.


Pig footed bandicoot

The pig footed bandicoot {"Chaeropus ecaudatus") is a small marsupial. The distribution range of species was later reduced to an inland desert region, where it was last recorded in the 1950s. It is now believed to be extinct.

The pig footed bandicoot has a body which around 23-26 centimetres and a tail 10-15 centimetres. The bandicoot has a pointed ears and large, slender limbs. It had a broad head and a slender snout. Its fur was coarse and straight. Its colour varied from a grizzled grey through fawn orange-brown.

The pig footed bandicoot is known to live in the western Victoria and New South Wales. It inhabited a fairly wide range of types: from grassy woodland and grassland plains to the spinifex country and parched flats of central Australia. 

The pig footed bandicoot only eats plants.

George Pal

George Pal (György Pál Marczincsak, February 1, 1908 – May 2, 1980) was a Hungarian-American animator, movie director and producer who helped the movie industry grow during the 1950s and 1960s. An award is named after him.

Pal was born in Cegléd, Kingdom of Hungary, Austro-Hungarian Empire, (now Hungary). He was educated at the Budapest Academy of Arts. He was married to Elizabeth Zsoka from 1930 until his death in 1980, they had two children. Pal died on May 2, 1980 in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack. He was 72 years old.


Don Cornelius

Donald Cortez "Don" Cornelius (September 27, 1936 – February 1, 2012) was an American television host and television producer. He was known for creating the music franchise series "Soul Train".

Cornelius was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was married to Delores Harrison until they divorced. He was later married to Viktoria Chapman from 2001 until they divorced. Cornelius committed suicide on February 1, 2012 in Sherman Oaks, California after shooting himself with a gun.

Shel Silverstein

Sheldon Allan "Shel" Silverstein (September 25, 1930 – May 10, 1999) was an American writer, poet, singer-songwriter, musician, composer, cartoonist, screenwriter, and a children's author who is mostly known for his children's book "The Giving Tree". He has won two Grammy Awards.

Although he's most known for his children's poetry, he also was good at many other things. In the 1950s, while he was serving in the U.S. armed forces, Silverstein drew cartoons for the Pacific Stars and Stripes, an American military newspaper. He started writing and drawing cartoons for Playboy magazine in 1952.

Shel Silverstein also wrote plays. It was Ursula Nordstrom, a book editor, who suggested that he should write for children.

Silverstein's first book of poetry, "Don’t Bump the Glump! and Other Fantasies", was published in 1964. He's most well known for his books "A Light in the Attic", "The Giving Tree", and "Where the Sidewalk Ends". He has been compared to other writers, like A. A. Milne, Edward Lear, and Dr. Seuss. Shel Silverstein won multiple awards for his children's poetry books. "Where the Sidewalk Ends" won the Michigan Young Readers' Award in 1981, and Silverstein also won the George C. Stone Center for Children's Books Award twice in 1984. Two books of poetry were published after Shel Silverstein's death, "Runny Babbit" and "Every Thing on It".

Silverstein also had success writing songs. Some of his poetry was based on songs he had written.

"A Boy Named Sue" is a song written by Silverstein that was first made popular by Johnny Cash in 1969. That same year Silverstein also recorded it as a single on an album on RCA Records. It was produced by Chet Atkins.

He was born in Chicago, Illinois and raised in both Chicago and in Florida. He died in Key West, Florida on May 10, 1999 after having a heart attack. He was 68 years old.




Adobe After Effects

Adobe After Effects is a video editing app developed by Adobe Systems. The current version is 22.6. After Effects is an advanced app which lets you create animations, edits, special effects, and more.

Many-plumed moth

The many-plumed moths are the Alucitidae, a family of moths with unusually modified wings. Both fore- and hind-wings consist of about six rigid spines, from which radiate flexible bristles. They make a structure similar to a bird's feather.

This is a small family, with 9 genera and 130 species. They are found mostly in temperate to subtropical (but not tropical) regions. They are rare even in parts of their core range; both in Great Britain and North America for example, only one species is found – the Twenty-plume Moth ("Alucita hexadactyla") – and in America, it is introduced. This smallish moth may be found fluttering in the evening twilight or resting with its "wings" outstretched. Its larvae feed on honeysuckle ("Lonicera"). 

On the other hand, in Continental Europe there are many species, mostly of the large genus "Alucita".

Hypertext

A hypertext is a text that is organized like a network. Parts of the text reference other text messages or texts which can directly be accessed. The parts that provide the reference are known as "hyperlinks". An example of a hypertext is the HTML standard used in the World Wide Web. Wikis also use hypertext.

Evolutionary arms race

An evolutionary arms race is when two species (or populations) are so linked that a change in one indirectly causes a change in the other. It is a metaphor drawn from the so-called arms race between the West and the Soviet Union, after the second world war. Evolutonary arms races are a kind of coevolution.


Matt Vogel

Matthew J. "Matt" Vogel II (born October 6, 1970) is an American puppeteer. He has worked with the Muppets, "Sesame Street", and "Oobi".

In 2017, he started playing Kermit the Frog. He was an understudy for the character Big Bird since 1998. Caroll Spinney, the first person that played Big Bird, retired in 2018. From then on, Matt Vogel played Big Bird full time.


Will Lee

William "Will" Lee (born William Lubovsky; August 6, 1908 – December 7, 1982) was an American actor and comedian. He was best known for playing Mr. Hooper on "Sesame Street". Lee was born in Brooklyn, New York.


Jason Robards

Jason Nelson Robards, Jr. (July 26, 1922 – December 26, 2000) was an American actor. He has won two Academy Awards, a Tony Award, and a Emmy Award. Robards was born in Chicago, Illinois on July 26, 1922. He married to Eleanor Pittman from 1948 to 1958. He married Rachel Taylor from 1959 to 1961. He married Lauren Bacall from 1961 to 1969. He married Lois O'Connor from 1970 to 2000. He had six children. Robards died of lung cancer on December 26, 2000 in Bridgeport, Connecticut.


Availability

Availability is a term used in information security to show that a system is running and reachable by those that are supposed to be able to use the system.

Availability is sometimes expressed as a percentage of uptime, such as 99%. High availability is usually expressed as five nines - 99.999%. In a 24-hour, 7-day-a-week operation this would be just a little over 5 minutes per year.

Carrot Top

Scott Thompson (born February 25, 1965), better known by his stage name Carrot Top, is an American stand-up comedian and actor. He is known for his bright red hair, prop comedy, and humor.


Jack LaLanne

Francois Henri "Jack" LaLanne (September 26, 1914 – January 23, 2011) was an American inventor, writer, actor, fitness and exercise instructor and expert who was known for helping people to get fit and healthy.

LaLanne was born Francois Henri LaLanne in San Francisco, California on September 26, 1914. He was raised in Bakersfield, California.

LaLanne hosted his own show "The Jack LaLanne Show" and appeared in cameo appearances in some movies. LaLanne was also known for swimming in the San Francisco bay with a small fishing boat tied to a rope in his mouth.

LaLanne has a star in the Hollywood Walk of Fame. He also received many nicknames, such as "The Godfather of Fitness" or "First Fitness Superhero." LaLanne has beat Arnold Schwarzenegger in a fitness contest in his 50s.

LaLanne was married to Irma Navarre from 1942 until they divorced in 1948; they had one daughter. Then he married Elaine Doyle from 1959 until his death in 2011, they had two sons and one daughter.

On January 23, 2011, LaLanne died at his home in Morro Bay, California from respiratory failure due to pneumonia. He was 96 years old.


Indiana State University

Indiana State University (ISU) is a university in the U.S. state of Indiana. It is in Terre Haute, Indiana.

ISU's sports teams, known as Sycamores, play mostly in the Missouri Valley Conference. The Sycamores football team plays in the separate but related Missouri Valley Football Conference. The school is perhaps best known as the alma mater of basketball player Larry Bird.

Sargent Shriver

Robert Sargent Shriver, Jr. (November 9, 1915 – January 18, 2011) was an American politician who was the first director of the Peace Corps from 1961 until 1966, then he was the first director of the OEO from 1964 until 1968, and was the 21st ambassador to France from 1968 until 1970.

He was also a Vice President nominee with presidential nominee George McGovern in 1972, they lost to Richard Nixon and to Spiro Agnew. He was also an activist.

Shriver was born in Westminster, Maryland on November 9, 1915 and was educated at Yale University and at Yale Law School. He had served in the army during World War II from 1941 through 1945 and was awarded a Purple Heart for his wounds during the war.

Shriver founded many social programs and organizations, including Head Start, VISTA, Job Corps, Community Action, Upward Bound, Foster Grandparents, Legal Services, the National Clearinghouse for Legal Services (now the Shriver Center), Indian and Migrant Opportunities and Neighborhood Health Services, in addition to directing the Peace Corps. He was active in Special Olympics, founded by his wife Eunice.

Shriver was awarded the Pacem in Terris Peace and Freedom Award in 1967. It was named after a 1963 encyclical letter by Pope John XXIII that calls upon all people of good will to secure peace among all nations. "Pacem in terris" is Latin for 'Peace on Earth'.

Shriver served as U.S. Ambassador to France from 1968 to 1970, becoming a quasi-celebrity among the French for bringing what "Time" magazine called "a rare and welcome panache" to the normally sedate world of international diplomacy.

In 1953 Shriver married Eunice Kennedy (the sister of John F. Kennedy) and together they had 5 children; Robert Sargent Shriver III, Maria Shriver (the wife of Arnold Schwarzenegger), Timothy Peter Shriver, Mark Kennedy Shriver, and Anthony Paul Kennedy Shriver. Shriver's wife of 56 years Eunice Kennedy Shriver died on August 11, 2009 from a stroke, two weeks later his brother-in-law Ted Kennedy died on August 25, 2009 from brain cancer.

In 2003 Shriver was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease and has began to loose his memory and could not even name his own wife because of the disease. His daughter Maria Shriver wrote a children's book based on the disease.

On January 18, 2011 Sargent Shriver died in Bethesda, Maryland from Alzheimer's disease, he was 95 years old. He is buried next to his wife at the St. Francis Xavier Cemetery.


Kendall Jenner

Kendall Nicole Jenner (born November 3, 1995) is an American model, television personality and socialite. She is the daughter of Caitlyn Jenner and Kris Jenner. She is known for being a member of the and for appearing in "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". 

She has appeared on the cover for and is brand ambassador of "Seventeen" magazine. Jenner had an income of in 2015. In 2017 Jenner was named the world's highest paid model by "Forbes".

Kendall Nicole Jenner was born on November 3, 1995, in Los Angeles, California. She is the daughter of former Olympic decathlete champion Caitlyn Jenner (then known as Bruce Jenner) and television personality and businesswoman Kris Jenner (née Houghton).

Jenner's middle name was to honor Kris' best friend Nicole Brown Simpson, who was murdered just before Kendall Jenner was born.

Kendall Jenner was raised with her sister and the Kardashians in Calabasas. She went to Sierra Canyon School before switching to homeschooling in order to follow her modeling career. She graduated in 2014. 

In 2007, Kendall Jenner began appearing in the reality television series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". She also appeared many times on reality spin-off shows about the family.

Kendall Jenner began modeling at age 13 in 2009.

Kendall Jenner and her sister Kylie Jenner previewed "The Kendall & Kylie Collection" with PacSun on November 15, 2012; the collection launched in February 2013. In 2019,  Jenner made a partnership with the skin-care company Proactiv.

In 2016, Kendall Jenner and Cara Delevingne were recreated as wax figures for Madame Tussaud's London Fashion Week Experience event.

Kendall Jenner first appeared at No. 16 on "Forbes" magazine's 2015 list of top-earning models with income of . In 2017, Kendall Jenner was named the world's highest-paid model by "Forbes". In October 2021, Kendall Jenner became the highest-paid model in the world with an income of .

She dated NBA Phoenix Suns player Devin Booker from 2020 until 2022.

Kendall Jenner celebrated her birthday party during the coronavirus pandemic with so many attendees in November 2020.

Eileen Brennan

Verla Eileen Regina Brennan (née Brennen; September 3, 1932 – July 28, 2013) was an american television, movie and theater actress. She received an Oscar nomination for the movie "Private Benjamin". She received Emmy nominations for guest starring roles on "Newhart" and "Will and Grace". 

Brennan was born in Los Angeles, California on September 3, 1932. She was married to David John Lampson from 1968 until they divorced in 1974. They had two children. Brennan died on July 28, 2013 in Burbank, California from bladder cancer, aged 80.


Derek Jameson

Derek Jameson (November 29, 1929 – September 12, 2012) was a British journalist, DJ, and broadcaster for several British newspapers. He is also known for his works in the "Daily Express", the "Daily Star", and for the "News of the World". He was born in London, England. He was married three times and had four children. He died on September 12, 2012 in London, England from a heart attack, aged 82.

Theodoros Angelopoulos

Theodoros "Theo" Angelopoulos (Greek: Θεόδωρος Αγγελόπουλος; April 27, 1935 – January 24, 2012) was a Greek filmmaker, screenwriter, and movie producer who is known for his movie "Eternity and a Day".

Angelopoulos was born in Athens, Greece on April 27, 1935 and studied at the University of Paris. He was married to Phoebe Economopoulou from 1980 until his death in 2012. They had three children. Angelopoulos died on January 24, 2012 in Piraeus, Greece after being hit by a motorcycle in a busy street. He was 76 years old when he died.


James Farentino

James Farentino (February 24, 1938 – January 24, 2012) was an American movie, voice, stage, and television actor. He was known for his role in "The Final Countdown", "Jesus of Nazareth", and in "Dynasty". 

He was born in Brooklyn, New York on February 24, 1938. He was married to Elizabeth Ashley from 1962 until they divorced in 1965. He was married to Michele Lee from 1966 until they divorced in 1982. He was married to Debrah Farentino from 1985 until they divorced in 1989. He was married to Stella Farentino from 1994 until his death in 2012. He had a son, David Farentino.

Farentino died on January 24, 2012 from heart failure in Los Angeles, California, he was 73 years old.


Harry Fowler

Henry James "Harry" Fowler, MBE (10 December 1926 – 4 January 2012) was a British movie, stage, and television actor who has appeared in many movies during his 62-year career.

He was born in London, England on December 10, 1926. He was married to Joan Dowling from 1951 until she committed suicide in 1954. Then he was married Catherine Fowler from around 1955 until his death in 2012. Fowler died on January 4, 2012 from unknown causes in London, England, he was 85 years old.

Scarlet tiger moth

The Scarlet Tiger Moth ("Callimorpha dominula", formerly "Panaxia dominula") is a colourful dayflying moth of Europe and the near East. It belongs to the tiger moth family, Arctiidae.

The caterpillars feed mostly on comfrey ("Symphytum officinale"). The moth imago flies by day, and has both cryptic colouring on the front wings, and warning colour on the hind wings. If disturbed it jinks the front wings forward to show the red warning flash on the hind wings.

It can occur in rare colour morphs, one with yellow hindwings and body and one with extended black on hindwings. Yellow, black and red are common warning colours in insects and other animals.

The three morphs occurring in the population at the Cothill reserve in Oxfordshire have been studied for many years, including research by E.B. Ford and R.A. Fisher.

McNamara (1998) describes how amateurs can rear this species.

Dabbs Greer

Robert William "Dabbs" Greer (April 2, 1917 – April 28, 2007) was an American movie, television, and stage actor. He was known for his role as Old Paul Edgecomb in the 1999 movie "The Green Mile". He has also acted in Broadway plays. Greer was born on April 2, 1917 in Fairview, Missouri. He never married and had no children. He died on April 28, 2007 in Pasadena, California from renal failure and heart disease. He was 90 years old when he died.


David Morse

David Bowditch Morse (born October 11, 1953) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for playing Brutus "Brutal" Howell in the 1999 movie "The Green Mile".

He was born in Hamilton, Massachusetts. He has been married to Susan Wheeler Duff since 1982. They have 3 children.


Eve Brent

Eve Brent (Jean Ann Ewers, September 11, 1929 – August 27, 2011) was a Saturn Award-winning American television, movie, and stage actress. She was known for her roles as Jane in "Tarzan's Fight for Life" and as Elaine Connelly in the 1999 movie "The Green Mile".

Brent was born in Houston, Texas on September 11, 1929. She was married to Micahel Ashe until his death in 2008. They had a son. Brent died on August 27, 2011 in Sun Valley, California from natural causes. She was 81 years old.


Naomie Harris

Naomie Melanie Harris (born 6 September 1976) is a British movie, stage, voice, and television actress. She is known for her role as Tia Dalma/Calypso in "" and in "". She was born in London on September 6, 1976 to a Jamaican mother and a Trinidadian father. Harris played Winnie Mandela in the 2013 movie "".

She played Eve Moneypenny in the James Bond movie "Skyfall" (2012), "Spectre" (2015) and "No Time to Die" (2021).

Eugene Levy

Eugene Levy, (born December 17, 1946) is a Canadian movie, television, stage, voice actor, and comedian. He is known for his role in the all eight of the "American Pie" series of movies. He appeared in the 2012 movie "Madea's Witness Protection". He has won a Emmy Award, a Grammy Award, a Gemini Award, and a Satellite Award. He voiced Charlie, Dory's father, in the 2016 Pixar movie "Finding Dory" and Lou the Porcupine in "Over the Hedge".

He is also known for his award-winning role as Johnny Rose in the television series "Schitt's Creek".

Levy was born in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada on December 17, 1946. and studied at McMaster University.

He has been married to Deborah Divine since 1977. They have two children (Dan and Sarah) and currently live in Los Angeles, California. In 2021, he was named honorary mayor of Pacific Palisades.

Christopher Stevens

John Christopher "Chris" Stevens (April 18, 1960 – September 12, 2012) was the tenth American ambassador to Libya from June 7, 2012 until his death on September 12, 2012.

Stevens was born in Grass Valley, California on April 18, 1960. He studied at the University of California at Berkeley, at the University of California, at Hastings College of the Law, and at the National War College.

Stevens joined the United States Foreign Service in 1991. His early overseas assignments included: deputy principal officer and political section chief in Jerusalem; political officer in Damascus; consular/political officer in Cairo; and consular/economic officer in Riyadh. In Washington, Stevens served as Director of the Office of Multilateral Nuclear and Security Affairs; Pearson Fellow with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee; special assistant to the Under Secretary for Political Affairs; Iran desk officer; and staff assistant in the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs.

He had served in Libya twice previously: as the Deputy Chief of Mission (from 2007 to 2009) and as Special Representative to the National Transitional Council (from March 2011 to November 2011) during the Libyan civil war. He arrived in Tripoli in May 2012 as the U.S. Ambassador to Libya.

Stevens died on September 12, 2012 in Benghazi, Libya in the 2012 U.S. diplomatic missions attacks after he inhaled smoke from a smoke grenade. He was 52 years old.

According to the Daily Mail News Online, Ambassador Stevens had sent out a diplomatic cable expressing concerns, on the day he was killed. Stevens said that security at Benghazi was compromised. Stevens stated that two Libyan security groups were threatening to withdraw over a disagreement on U.S. Policy whether centrist politician Mahmoud Jibril would become Libya's prime minister.

Stevens is buried in his family's ancestral plot in Grass Valley, California.


2012 U.S. diplomatic missions attacks

On September 11, 2012, the United States embassies in Cairo, Egypt; Chennai, India; Tunis, Tunisia; Khartoum, Sudan; Sana'a, Yemen, and the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya were attacked.

On September 11, 2012, the attack was caused by protests over media excerpts from a trailer of a movie, "Innocence of Muslims", which the protestors considered blasphemy against the Islamic prophet, Muhammad. In Egypt, a group scaled the embassy wall and tore down the American flag, replacing it with a black Islamist flag. In Libya, rocket-propelled grenades were fired at the consulate from a nearby farm. The attack killed the visiting U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens, Glen Doherty a security officer, Sean Smith a United States Foreign Service Information Management Officer, and Tyrone S. Woods a former U.S. Navy Seal, ten Libyan police officers, and two others. The protest ended on September 27, 2012.

About 75 people were killed by the attack. The most notable deaths were the ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens, Sean Smith, Glen Doherty, and Tyrone Woods.

Other locations include:
Some of these locations were burning the United States flag and the Israeli flag.



Sean Smith

Sean Smith (1978 – September 11, 2012) was an American Information Management Officer. He died during the 2012 U.S. diplomatic missions attacks in Benghazi, Libya which also killed Christopher Stevens, Glen Doherty, Tyrone S. Woods, ten Libyan police officers and injured two others. He was 34 years old at the time of his death. He was married to Heather Smith and had two children.

Linda Gray

Linda Ann Gray (born September 12, 1940) is an American television and movie actress. She is mostly well known for starring on the long running program "Dallas". She starred in the stage of version of "Terms of Endearment". She was born in Santa Monica, California.

<br>

RNA interference

RNA interference (RNAi) is a process in living cells. It adjusts (moderates) the activity of their genes. RNAi molecules are a key to gene regulation. In 2006, Andrew Fire and Craig Mello shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on RNA interference in the nematode worm "Caenorhabditis elegans", published in 1998.

Two types of small RNA molecules – microRNA (miRNA) and small interfering RNA (siRNA) – do the work. These small RNAs bind to normal messenger RNA (mRNA) molecules and increase or decrease their activity. They can prevent a mRNA from producing a protein. RNA interference defends cells against foreign nucleotide sequences – viruses and transposons. Also, they control development, and gene expression in general.

The RNAi pathway is found in many eukaryotes including animals. RNAi is a valuable research tool, in cell culture and in living organisms. Synthetic dsRNA introduced into cells can suppress specific genes of interest. RNAi may be used for large-scale screens that shut down each gene to analyse cellular process or cell division. The pathway is also used as a practical tool in biotechnology and medicine.

The natural functions of RNA interference are: 


American Psychiatric Association

The American Psychiatric Association (APA) is a group of psychiatrists in the United States. The group is responsible for writing the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, which is used to diagnose mental illnesses. It has about 36,000 members. Its members are from USA and other countries in the world. The APA was founded in 1844.

Deidre Hall

Deidre Ann Hall (born October 31, 1947 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA) is an American actress and producer. She has been featured in many television soap opera shows. She played "Dr. Marlena Evans" in "Days of Our Lives" for more than 30 years.

<br>

Emerson Drive

Emerson Drive are a Canadian country band from Grande Prairie, Alberta. Emerson Drive have five members in the band; the current band members are Danick Dupelle, Brad Mates, Mike Melancon, David Pichette and Dale Wallace.

The band was formed in 1995 originally known under the name 12 Gauge. The band was forced to change their name because a rap group had already owned the name. They decided to choose Emerson Drive as their name and is named for the Emerson Trail that crosses Western Alberta and joins the Alaskan Highway. They released their debut album "Open Season" in 1996. Their newest album "Decade of Drive" was released on February 8, 2011. They will release their seventh studio album in 2012. The first single, "She's My Kind of Crazy" was released on July 16, 2012.

On September 25, 2007, the bands bassist Patrick Bourque committed suicide in his Montreal, Quebec home. Bourque had quit the band in July of that year.

The band has been nominated for many awards including a Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for their song "Moments" in 2008 and many Canadian Country Music Association awards.




Assassination of William McKinley

William McKinley, the 25th President of the United States, was shot on September 6, 1901, inside the Temple of Music on the grounds of the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo, New York. He died eight days later from gangrene caused by the wound.

On September 6, 1901, McKinley was shaking hands with the people when he was shot by the anarchist Leon Czolgosz. He died eight days later from his gunshot wounds. He was 58 years old. It was later known that Czolgosz killed the President in an attempt to advance anarchism.

Czolgosz was executed by the electric chair on October 29, 1901. McKinley's vice president, Theodore Roosevelt, became America's 26th president of the United States of America.

Assassination of James A. Garfield

The assassination of President James A. Garfield happened in Washington, D.C. on July 2, 1881. Garfield was shot in the back by Charles J. Guiteau at about 9:30 am, less than four months into Garfield's term as the 20th President of the United States. 

Guiteau shot Garfield after being mad at him about not receiving credit for Garfield's victory in 1880 after he wrote a speech about Garfield but never made the speech. The 31st Speaker of the United States House of Representatives James G. Blaine was at Garfield's side when he was shot down.

Garfield died eleven weeks later on September 19, 1881 aged 49. He was the second of four presidents to be assassinated, after Abraham Lincoln and the next president to be assassinated would be William McKinley and next John F. Kennedy. His vice president, Chester A. Arthur, became the next president after Garfield. And on June 2, 1882, Guiteau was executed by hanging, aged 40.

Garfield also lived the longest after the shooting than the other presidents who were assassinated. Lincoln and Kennedy died less than a day after being shot, and McKinley died a week later. 

Ted (movie)

Ted is a 2012 American comedy movie, directed, produced and co-written by Seth MacFarlane. It follows a Boston resident (Mark Wahlberg) and his teddy bear (MacFarlane), who came to life with a magical wish. A sequel titled "Ted 2" was released in 2015.



Sámi languages

The Sámi languages are a branch of Uralic languages spoken by the Sámi people. They are spoken in Norway, Sweden, Finland, and Russia. They are related to the Finnish, the Estonian, and the Hungarian language.

"The Sámi languages ... are sometimes considered dialects of one language", says Encyclopædia Britannica; those who speak one Sámi language, [mostly] do not understand other Sami languages; "[t]he Sámi languages share many features (or things,) with the Baltic-Finnic languages (Finnish, Estonian, Karelian, etc.)," but "they cannot be closely related to any of these"... "[T]heir grammars are similar to that of Finnish, although their syntax has been influenced by the Scandinavian languages."

Among the Sámi languages are




James G. Blaine

James Gillespie Blaine (January 31, 1830 – January 27, 1893) was an American Republican politician. He was a United States Representative. He was the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. He was a U.S. Senator from Maine. He was the Secretary of State twice. He was also nominated to be President.

Blaine was born on January 31, 1830 in West Brownsville, Pennsylvania. He was the third child of Ephraim Lyon Blaine and his wife Maria Gillespie Blaine. He was educated at Washington College and later met his wife Harriet Stanwood. They married in 1850 and they had seven children.

Blaine was a Republican. He was Speaker of the House of Representatives from 1869 until 1875. He was chosen by the 18th United States President Ulysses S. Grant.

Blaine would later served as the Senator from Maine from 1876 through 1881. Secondly he served as the Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Maine's 3rd district from 1863 until 1876. Then as the 28th and 31st United States Secretary of State from 1881 through 1881 and then again in 1889 through 1892.

On July 2, 1881, Blaine and President James A. Garfield were walking in the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad station in Washington, D.C. when Charles J. Guiteau shot Garfield in the back. Blaine resigned as Secretary of State several months later.

The Republicans nominated Blaine for President in 1884 but Grover Cleveland won the election.

Blaine died just 4 days short from his 63rd birthday on January 27, 1893 in his Washington, D.C. home from a heart attack, aged 62. He was later buried at Oak Hill Cemetery in Washington, D.C. and was later re-buried in Blaine Memorial Park, Augusta, Maine, in 1920. Blaine was hypochondriac.


Okinawa (disambiguation)

Okinawa is one of Japan's southern prefectures.

Okinawa may also refer to:

Burt Bacharach

Burt Freeman Bacharach (May 12, 1928 – February 8, 2023) was an American composer, singer, songwriter, and music producer. He wrote many hit songs. He was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He won three Academy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, two Grammy Awards and one BAFTA Award during his career.

Some songs were written specifically for the singers who originally recorded them. Some of his songs were:



Bacharach died on February 8, 2023 at his Los Angeles home from natural causes. He was 94 years old.

Kristin Scott Thomas

Dame Kristin Scott Thomas (born 24 May 1960) is an English actress. She was born in Redruth, Cornwall. She received international praise in the 1990s for "Four Weddings and a Funeral" and "The English Patient". She has acted in many other movies during her career.

Her sister, Serena Scott Thomas (born 1961), is also an actress.

Jonathan Winters

Jonathan Harshman Winters (November 11, 1925 – May 11, 2013) was an American comedian, television, stage, voice, movie actor, and artist. Winters had appeared in several television shows and in movies. He was recently known for voicing Papa Smurf in the 2011 movie "The Smurfs". In "", he was replaced by Jack Angel.

Winters was born Jonathan Harshman Winters in Dayton, Ohio on November 11, 1925. He is of Irish-Scottish-English descent. During his senior year at Springfield High School, Winters quit school to join the United States Marine Corps and served two and a half years in the Pacific Theater during World War II. After his return, he attended Kenyon College. He later studied cartooning at Dayton Art Institute, where he met Eileen Schauder, whom he married on September 11, 1948. He was a brother of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity (Lambda chapter).

Beginning in 1960, Winters recorded many classic comedy albums for the Verve Records label. He also had comedy albums released every decade for over 50 years, receiving 11 Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album nominations during his career, and winning the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album for Crank(y) Calls in 1996.

In 1957, he was the first comedian in the United States to be on color television, a 15-minute routine sponsored by Tums.

Winters has also appeared in hundreds of television show episodes/series and movies combined, including eccentric characters on "The Steve Allen Show", "The Garry Moore Show", "The Wacky World of Jonathan Winters" (1972–74), "Mork & Mindy", "Hee Haw" and in "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World".

After voicing Grandpa Smurf on "The Smurfs" (1980–2009) and Papa Smurf in "The Smurfs", Winters's final feature movie was "The Smurfs 2" in 2013, which will be dedicated in his memory.

Winters was originally cast in "Big Finish" (2014), during pre-production. It's an upcoming comedy set in a retirement home. His scheduled role was to appear alongside Jerry Lewis and Bob Newhart.

Winters only had three influences Irwin Corey, Groucho Marx, and Charlie Chaplin. He had influenced George Carlin, Billy Crystal, Bill Cosby, Robin Williams, Richard Lewis, Jim Carrey, Conan O'Brien, Patton Oswalt, and Frank Caliendon. He worked with Robin Williams on many television shows including "Mork & Mindy". When Winters died Williams remarked that "First he was my idol, then he was my mentor and amazing friend. I'll miss him huge. He was my Comedy Buddha. Long live the Buddha."

In 1991, Winters earned an Emmy Award for his supporting role in "Davis Rules". In 2002, he earned an Emmy nomination as a guest star in a comedy series for "Life With Bonnie". In 1999, Winters was awarded the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor. In 2008, Winters was presented with a Pioneer TV Land Award by Robin Williams. Winters received 11 Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album nominations during his career, and won the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album for "Crank(y) Calls" in 1996.

Winters lived near Santa Barbara, California and was often seen browsing or "hamming" for the crowd at the antique show on the Ventura County fairgrounds. He often entertained the tellers and other workers whenever he visited his local bank to make a deposit or withdrawal. Plus, he spent his time painting and attended many gallery showings, even presenting his art in one-man shows.

In his interview with the Archive of American Television, Winters reported that he suffered a nervous breakdown and spent 8 months in a private mental hospital in the late 1950s. Despite not being given a diagnosis in the hospital, he was diagnosed with manic depression later on (known today as bipolar disorder). Winters referred to this incident obliquely in his stand-up act, most famously on his 1960 comedy album "The Wonderful World of Jonathan Winters". During his classic "flying saucer" routine, Winters mentions that if he wasn't careful, the authorities might put him back in the "zoo", referring to the institution.

On January 11, 2009, Winter's wife Eileen died at the age of 84 after a 20-year battle with breast cancer.

Winters died May 11, 2013, in Montecito, California of natural causes, aged 93.
He is survived by his two children: Jay Winters, and Lucinda Winters.



Michael Wallis

Michael Wallis (born October 7, 1945) is an American historian, writer, journalist, movie, and voice actor. He is known for his voice role as Sheriff in the animated movies "Cars" and "Cars 2". He was born in St. Louis, Missouri on October 7, 1945. He studied at the University of Missouri. Wallis is married to Suzanne Fitzgerald-Wallis.


Paul Dooley

Paul Dooley Brown (born February 22, 1928) is an American movie, television, voice actor, writer, and comedian. He is perhaps best known for his voice role as Sarge in the Disney-Pixar animated movies "Cars," "Cars 2 and Cars 3." Dooley was born on February 22, 1928 in Parkersburg, West Virginia. Dooley married Winnie Holzman in 1984. They have a daughter, Savannah Dooley.

Tony Shalhoub

Anthony Marcus "Tony" Shalhoub (born October 9, 1953) is an American movie, stage, television, and voice actor. He is known for his roles as Adrian Monk in "Monk", Alexander Minion in the first three "Spy Kids" movies, and as Luigi in "Cars" and in "Cars 2". Shalhoub has also appeared in plays on stage.

He was born in Green Bay, Wisconsin on October 9, 1953. Shalhoub is married to Brooke Adams since 1992 and they have two children.


Cheech Marin

Richard Anthony Marin (born July 13, 1946) is an American actor and writer. He was part of the comedy duo Cheech and Chong along with fellow comedian Tommy Chong. He played Ramone in the Disney-Pixar animated movies "Cars", "Cars 2", and "Cars 3".

Marin was born Richard Anthony Marin on July 13, 1946 in Los Angeles, California. Marin was married to Darlene Morley from 1975 until they divorced in 1984. They had one child. He was married to Patti Heid from 1986 until they divorced. They had 2 children. He has been married to Natasha Rubin since 2009. Marin lives in Malibu, California. He is Mexican-American.


Jenifer Lewis

Jenifer Jeanette Lewis (born January 25, 1957) is an American movie, voice, stage, television actress and singer. She is known for her role as Flo in the Disney-Pixar movies "Cars" and "Cars 2". Lewis was born in Kinloch, Missouri on January 25, 1957. She studied at Kinloch High School and at Webster University.


Katherine Helmond

Katherine Marie Helmond (July 5, 1929 – February 23, 2019) was an American film, theater and television actress and director, who portrayed Emily Dickinson on "Meeting of Minds", as well as fictional characters, for which she was best-known, such as Jessica Tate on "Soap", Mona Robinson on "Who's the Boss?", Doris Sherman on "Coach", and Lois Whelan on "Everybody Loves Raymond" and Mrs. Lowry in "Brazil".

Helmond was born in Galveston, Texas on July 5, 1929. She was married to George N. Martin from 1957 until they divorced in 1962. She married her second husband David Christian in 1962. She has no children.

Helmond died on February 23, 2019, from complications of Alzheimer's disease at her home in Los Angeles. aged 89.


Emily Mortimer

Emily Kathleen Anne Mortimer (born December 1, 1971) is a British movie, stage, television, stage actress, and comedian. She was in "30 Rock", "Scream 3", "Match Point", "Lars and the Real Girl", "Hugo", "Cars 2", "Shutter Island", "Harry Brown", "Cars 2", "The Pink Panther", "The Pink Panther 2", and "The Newsroom". She was born in London, England on December 1, 1971. She has been married to Alessandro Nivola since 2003.

Joe Mantegna

Joseph Anthony "Joe" Mantegna (born November 13, 1947) is an American movie, stage, television, voice actor, producer, writer, and director. He did the voice of Fat Tony in "The Simpsons". He also played David Rossi in "Criminal Minds". He also played Ian "The Shark" in "Airheads". He played Grem in the Disney-Pixar animated movie "Cars 2". He has won a Tony Award.

Mantegna was born in Chicago, Illinois. He has been married to Arlene Vrhel since 1975 and they have two children.


Peter Jacobson

Peter J. Jacobson (born March 24, 1965) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He played Randy Dworkin in "Law and Order", and Dr. Taub in "House". He also did the voice of Acer in "Cars 2". Jacobson was born in Chicago, Illinois to Walter Jacobson. He studied at Brown University.


Bill Kurtis

William Horton "Bill" Kurtis (born September 21, 1940) is an American television journalist, producer, narrator, news anchor, and historian who anchored "CBS Morning News". He has also narrated crime shows and in movies.

Kurtis mostly spent his childhood in Chicago, Illinois. He studied his B.S. degree at the University of Kansas and his J.D. degree at Washburn University of Law. He was married to Helen Kurtis from 1966 until her death in 1977, they had two children (one who died). He is currently partners with Donna La Pietra.

Walter Jacobson

Walter David Jacobson (born July 28, 1937) is an American, historian, and television personality. He is the anchor of WBBM-TV news at 6:00 pm. He was the anchor of WFLD news until his retirement in 2006.

Jacobson was born in Chicago, Illinois on July 28, 1937. He attended New Trier High School and Grinnell College. He got a B.A. degree. He went to Columbia University in New York to receive his J.D. degree. He was married to Lynn Straus from 1960 until they divorced in the 1970s. They had two children including actor Peter Jacobson. He was married to Diane Dybsky from 1980 until they divorced. They had two children. He has been married to Susan Jacobson since 1995. 

He currently lives in Chicago, Illinois. On June 18, 2008 Jacobson was arrested for DUI driving near his Chicago home. He pleaded guilty and received supervision. On November 2002 he slipped on a pumpkin in his house and broke several ribs. 


Dale Evans

Dale Evans Rogers (born Lucille Wood Smith; October 31, 1912 – February 7, 2001), best known as Dale Evans, was an American writer, movie actress, and singer-songwriter. She was the third wife of singing cowboy Roy Rogers.

Evans was born in Uvalde, Texas on October 31, 1912. She was married to Thomas Frederick Fox from 1927 until they divorced in 1929. They had a son. She was later married to August Wayne Johns from 1929 until they divorced in 1935. Her third husband was R. Dale Butts. They were married from 1937 until they divorced in 1946. Her last husband was Roy Rogers. They were married from 1947 until his death in 1998. They had one child and 4 adopted children.

Evans died on February 7, 2001 in Apple Valley, California from heart failure, aged 88.

Peter Lougheed

Edgar Peter Lougheed, PC, CC, AOE, QC, (July 26, 1928 – September 13, 2012) was a Canadian lawyer, politician, and professional football player.

Lougheed was born on July 26, 1928 in Calgary, Alberta. He studied at the University of Alberta and at Harvard University. 

Lougheed was married to Jeanne Rogers until his death in 2012. They had four children. 

In 2012, the Institute for Research on Public Policy named him the best Canadian premier of the last 40 years. He was the 10th Premier of Alberta from September 10, 1971 through November 1, 1985. 

Lougheed has also been a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta for Calgary West from May 23, 1967 through February 28, 1986.

Lougheed died on September 13, 2012 in Peter Lougheed Hospital in Calgary, Alberta from natural causes, aged 84.

Christopher Meloni

Christopher Peter Meloni or Chris Meloni (born April 2, 1961) is an American movie, voice, and television actor. He is best known for his television roles as NYPD Detective Elliot Stabler in "" and as Chris Keller in "Oz". Meloni also appeared as Colonel Hardy in the 2013 movie "Man of Steel".

Meloni was born on April 2, 1961 in Washington, D.C.. He is of Canadian-French descent. Since 1995, he has been married to Doris Sherman Williams. They have two children. Meloni is a long-time gay rights supporter.


Alfred Molina

Alfred Molina (born Alfredo Molina; 24 May 1953) is an English actor. He played Diego Rivera in "Frida", Dr. Sayeed Bozorg Mahmoody in "Not Without My Daughter", Satipo in "Raiders of the Lost Ark", Dr. Octopus in "Spider-Man 2" and "", and Maxim Horvath in "The Sorcerer's Apprentice".

Molina was born on 24 May 1953 in Paddington, London, England to an Italian mother and Spanish father. He grew up in Notting Hill, London. He studied at Guildhall School of Music and Drama.

Molina was married to actress Jill Gascoine from 1986 until her death in 2020. He has one daughter from another relationship. In 2019, he began dating Jennifer Lee. They were married in 2021.

Molina lives in Los Angeles, California.


Kevin Kline

Kevin Delaney Kline (born October 24, 1947) is an American stage, television, voice, and movie actor. He has won an Academy Award and two Tony Awards. Kline was nominated for five Golden Globe Awards, two BAFTA Awards, and an Emmy Award. He is known for his role as Otto West in "A Fish Called Wanda", as both President Mitchell and Dave in "Dave", and as both Artemus "Artie" Gordon and President Ulysses S. Grant in the 1999 movie "Wild Wild West". He is currently the voice of Mr. Fischoeder in "Bob's Burgers".

Kline was born in St. Louis, Missouri on October 24, 1947. He has been married to Phoebe Cates since 1989. They have two children.


Andrew Koenig

Joshua Andrew Koenig (August 17, 1968 - February 25, 2010) was an American actor, director, activist, editor and writer.

Koenig is probably best known for playing Mike Seaver's best friend, Richard "Boner" Stabone on the sitcom Growing Pains. He was in 25 episodes of Growing Pains and also guest starred on episodes of 21 Jump Street, My Two Dads and My Sister Sam. Koenig starred in the 2003 fan film where he played The Joker. His father is Walter Koenig also an actor. Koenig disappeared on February 14, 2010. His parents said he showed signs of depression before he went missing. His body was found hanging from a tree in Vancouver's Stanley Park, on February 25, 2010.

Jeffrey DeMunn

Jeffrey DeMunn (born April 25, 1947) or Jeff DeMunn is an American stage, movie and television actor. He played Harry Terwilliger in the movie "The Green Mile". He played Dale Horvath in the TV series "The Walking Dead".

He was born in Buffalo, New York and studied at the Uninon College. DeMunn was married to Ann Sekjaer in 1974 until they divorced in 1995. They had two children. DeMunn has been married to Kerry Leah since 2001.

Lynn Redgrave

Lynn Rachel Redgrave, OBE (8 March 1943 – 2 May 2010) was an English actress. She has been nominated for many other awards including the Academy, BAFTA and Emmy awards. Redgrave starred in many movies and plays as well as working on television. She made her Broadway debut in 1967. She was the sister of actress Vanessa Redgrave and actor Corin Redgrave. She was an aunt of actresses Natasha Richardson and Joely Richardson. Redgrave died of breast cancer.

Highmark Stadium

Highmark Stadium is a large stadium in Orchard Park, New York. It is the home of the Buffalo Bills team.

The stadium has had several names during its history. It opened in 1973 as Rich Stadium, after the food products company of that name. After the sponsorship contract ran out in 1998, it was renamed Ralph Wilson Stadium in honor of Ralph Wilson (1918-2014), the team's founding owner from 1960 until his death in 2014. A new sponsorship contract with locally based headwear company New Era in 2016 led to a new name of New Era Field. In July 2020, New Era asked to be released from its contract, and the stadium became Bills Stadium for the 2020 NFL season. The current name took effect in March 2021, after regional health insurance company Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield signed a 10-year naming deal.

On June 5, 2023, construction started on a new stadium. The new stadium will be the new home of the Buffalo Bills and will replace Highmark Stadium. The new stadium will also have naming rights by Highmark.

Veronica Lake

Veronica Lake (November 14, 1922 – July 7, 1973) was an American movie actress and pin-up model. She was well liked by both audiences and critics. Lake is most notably known for her role in "Sullivan's Travels" and for her femme fatale roles in film noir with Alan Ladd during the 1940s. These include "This Gun for Hire". Lake had bad marriages. At the end of her career, she had problems with mental illness and alcoholism. She was born in Brooklyn. Her father was of Irish and Danish ancestry.

Paramount Pictures had Lake under contract.

Cosmopolitan (magazine)

Cosmopolitan is an American magazine. It began publication around 1886 as a family magazine, although it later became a women's magazine around 1960. Topics include fashion, beauty, sex and health related issues.

Seventeen (magazine)

Seventeen is a 20th-century American teen magazine. It was the first teenage magazine in the United States. This magazine is mostly for girls and women between age 12 to 19. It began as a publication for inspiring teen girls to be role models. This magazine was first published in September 1944.

List of cities in Pennsylvania

This is a list of cities in the American state of Pennsylvania:

Little Sandy Desert

The Little Sandy Desert is a desert in Western Australia. South of the Little Sandy Desert is the Great Sandy Desert and to west of it is Gibson Desert. It is to the east of Great Northern Highway, which is south of the town Newman and about 200 kilometres north of Wiluna.

It is named because it is close and looks like the Great Sandy Desert, but it is much smaller. Both deserts are crossed by the Canning Stock Route. 

It is one of Western Australia's "Interim Biogeographic Regionalisation for Australia" (IBRA) regions.

Ed Wood

Edward Davis "Ed" Wood, Jr. (October 10, 1924 – December 10, 1978) was an American director, producer, screenwriter, actor, author, and editor who is known for his works in low-budget horror or fantasy movies and is also known for his works with Bela Lugosi. Wood is considered one of the worst movie directors of all time. His most famous were "Plan 9 from Outer Space, Bride of the Monster" and "Glen or Glenda".

Wood was born in Poughkeepsie, New York on October 10, 1924. At a young age, because his mother had wanted a girl, he was forced to dress up as a girl and would have that crossdressing habit for the rest of his life. Wood had a lifelong attraction to the feel of angora. 

Wood was married to Norma McCarty in 1956 until they divorced several months later. Then he married Kathy O'Hara in 1956. They were married until his death in 1978. Wood had an illigitimate daughter from a 1946 relationship who lived in NY. 

Wood died on December 10, 1978 in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack, aged 54. 

A 1994 movie was released based on Wood's life directed by Tim Burton. Johnny Depp played Wood in the movie.

Bunny Breckinridge

John Cabell "Bunny" Breckinridge (August 6, 1903 – November 5, 1996) was an American movie and television actor and drag queen. He was best known for his role as The Ruler in Ed Wood's movie "Plan 9 from Outer Space". That was the only movie role in his career.

He was born in Paris, France to an American family. Breckinridge was gay and talked about having a sex change operation but never had it. He died on November 5, 1996 in San Francisco, California from natural causes, aged 93. In the 1994 movie "Ed Wood" he was played by Bill Murray.


Walter Brennan

Walter Andrew Brennan (July 25, 1894 – September 21, 1974) was an American movie, television, and stage actor. He was in the TV series "The Real McCoys". He is tied with Jack Nicholson for the actor winning the most Academy Awards.

Brennan was born in Lynn, Massachusetts on July 25, 1894 and studied at Rindge Technical High School. He was married to Ruth Wells from 1920 until his death in 1974, they had three children. He died on September 21, 1974 in Oxnard, California from emphysema, aged 80.


George Kennedy

George Harris Kennedy, Jr. (February 18, 1925 – February 28, 2016) was an American movie, voice, radio, stage, and television actor. He won an Academy Award for his role as Dragline in "Cool Hand Luke". He played Carter McKay in the "Dallas" television series, Chief Mechanic Joe Patroni in the "Airport" movie series and Captain Ed Hocken in the "Naked Gun" movie series.

Kennedy was born on February 18, 1925 in New York City. He studied at Chaminade High School and at Tarleton State University. He married Dorothy Gillooly in the 1940s. He was married to Norma Wurman from 1959 until they divorced in 1971. He remarried Wurman in 1973; they divorced again in 1978. He was married to Joan McCarthy from 1978 until her death in 2015. He had two children. He lived in Eagle, Idaho.

Kennedy died in a retirement home in Middleton, Idaho from heart disease on February 28, 2016 at the age of 91.


Gini coefficient

The Gini coefficient (also known as the Gini index or Gini ratio) is a measure of differences in income. It was developed by the Italian statistician Corrado Gini in 1912.

The Gini coefficient is usually a number between 0 and 1 (or 0 to 100). 0 means a country where the income is equally distributed. On the other hand, 1 means that one person owns everything but the rest owns nothing. In reality, all scores are between 0.25 and 0.6 (between 25 and 60 on the 0 to 100 scale).

The table below is about the "world" Gini coefficient (not by single countries).
The table below shows the income Gini coefficient of the United States from 1947 to 2009.

Glen Doherty

Glen Anthony Doherty (July 10, 1970 - September 11, 2012) was an American writer and security officer. He died in the 2012 U.S. diplomatic missions attacks in Benghazi, Libya.

Doherty was born in Winchester, Massachusetts, and studied at Winchester High School.

Lacey Chabert

Lacey Nicole Chabert (born September 30, 1982) is an American television and movie actress. She has been in many movies and television series. She starred as Claudia in the television drama "Party of Five", "Dirty Deeds" and performed in the movie "Mean Girls" in 2004. She voiced Meg Griffin in "Family Guy". Chabert was born in Mississippi.

In 1990, she was in the Children's Palace/Child World VHS film (videofilm) with JD Daniels. In 1992 and 1993, she played Young Cosette in the Broadway production of "Les Misérables". In 1998, she acted in "Lost in Space". It was her first movie. In 1998, she started doing the voice of Eliza Thornberry in the TV series "The Wild Thornberrys". Chabert played Gretchen Weiners in the 2004 movie "Mean Girls". She shared the prize for Best On-Screen Team at the 2005 MTV Movie Awards with Lindsay Lohan, David Collins, Rachel McAdams, Mark Wahlberg and Amanda Seyfried, and she and Collins reunited in the 2005 film Dirty Deeds. In 2006, she acted in Black Christmas film.

Chabert was born in Mississippi. Her father is Cajun who hails from Louisiana.

Tom McCarthy (broadcaster)

Tom McCarthy (born July 5, 1968, in Jersey City, New Jersey ) is an American sportscaster. He works with the Philadelphia Phillies. He also called games for the New York Mets. He is a fill-in voice for Fox Saturday Baseball. He was the voice of the AA baseball Trenton Thunder for six seasons.

Outside of baseball, McCarthy has called college football and basketball games for CBS College Sports, Sports USA, Westwood One, and the Atlantic-10 TV. He has been the voice of Rutgers Scarlet Knights football and for Princeton Tigers football and basketball. In addition to baseball and college sports, he called NFL games for Sports USA until 2012. He is one of Dial Global's voices for NFL coverage.

Joe Buck

Joe Buck (born April 25, 1969) is an American sportscaster. He works for Fox Sports. He is the son of late hall of fame broadcaster Jack Buck. Joe's jobs include:

In 2021, Joe Buck was a guest host on the popular syndicated game show "Jeopardy!" following the death of Alex Trebek.

Chris Carrino

Chris Carrino is a radio sportscaster currently with the Brooklyn Nets of the NBA and Compass Media Networks primarily calling NFL and MLB games. He announced basketball at the 2008 Summer Olympics on NBC. He also backs up radio announcer Bob Papa on New York Giants radio broadcasts.

John Carlson

John Warren Carlson (December 17, 1933 – April 5, 2016) was an American military officer and sportscaster.is a retired sportscaster. He called games for the Minnesota Vikings, New England Patriots, Boston College Eagles football and basketball, and National Hockey League games for the New England Whalers.

Skip Caray

Harry Christopher "Skip" Caray, Jr. (August 12, 1939 – August 3, 2008) was an American sportscaster. He was best known for calling games for the Atlanta Braves. He also called games for the Atlanta Flames and Atlanta Hawks. He called basketball games in St. Louis for the Hawks and Billkens men's basketball team before the Hawks moved to Atlanta. He is the father of Chip Caray and the son of Harry Caray. In 2000, Caray was hired by NBC to do play-by-play for Major League Baseball's American League division series. He filled in for Bob Costas who had just done the 2000 Summer Olympics. Caray also called Braves games on TBS. Outside of baseball, he has called college football, college basketball, NBA and NFL games for TNT and TBS.

Caray was the first play-by-play announcer for TNT Sunday Night Football.

Patrick O'Neal (sportscaster)

Patrick O'Neal (born September 14, 1967, Santa Monica, California), is an American sportscaster. He works with Prime Ticket and FSN West. He has covered the Los Angeles Lakers, Clippers, Angels, and Kings. He also was a fill-in studio host for Major League Baseball on FOX when Jeanne Zelasko was on maternity leave. In 2012, O'Neal was the in-game highlights host for the National Football League (NFL) on FOX. He was a sideline reporter for the "NFL on Fox" in 2005. He was a field reporter for the 2005 NLCS on FOX.

His father is actor Ryan O'Neal and his half-sister is actress Tatum O'Neal.

Alex Flanagan

Alex Flanagan (born October 23, 1973) is an American sportscaster. She works for NBC and NFL Network. Flanagan has also worked for ESPN and Fox Sports Net. Flanagan is the host of "NFL Total Access" and does sideline reporting for "Thursday Night Football" and Notre Dame football on NBC. She also does reporting for some golf tournaments for NBC, the Olympic Games, and "Football Night in America". She has covered NFL playoffs with Tom Hammond and Mike Mayock since 2010. She also reported on FSN programs such as "Going Deep" and "The National Sports Report". During her time at ESPN, she reported for SportsCenter. She was on the field reporting for ESPN's coverage of college football, college basketball, tennis, and the College World Series. She was the host of the Home Depot College Football Awards.

Bob Fitzgerald

Robert James Fitzgerald (born 1966) is a sports announcer. He works for CSN Bay Area, calling games for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association and San Jose SaberCats of the Arena Football League. He co-hosts "Fitz and Brooks" on KNBR Radio with Rod Brooks. As a student of Notre Dame University, he called Fighting Irish football and basketball games. He has called National Football League games for Westwood One and currently with Sports USA. He called two Olympic games for NBC: water polo at the 2008 Summer Olympics and basketball at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Bob Costas

Robert Quinlan "Bob" Costas (born March 22, 1952 in Queens, New York City, New York) is a Sports commentator. He currently works with NBC Sports and MLB Network. Costas has hosted nine Olympic Games. He has won 26 Emmy Awards. He used to work with HBO hosting "Inside the NFL", "Costas Now", and "On the Record with Bob Costas". He called games for the American Basketball Association's Spirits of St. Louis, Missouri Tigers men's basketball, Chicago Bulls telecast on WGN-TV, and NFL and National Basketball Association games for CBS. He has hosted and did play-by-play for these sports Sports on NBC:
Costas is a play-by-play announcer for MLB Network.

Mary Kay Bergman

Mary Kay Bergman (June 5, 1961 – November 11, 1999) was an American voice actress.

Bergman was probably best known for playing most of the female characters on the animated sitcom South Park, and the first voice of main character Timmy Turner on the Oh Yeah Cartoons which inspired The Fairly OddParents.

Bergman was married to Dino Andrade, who was also a voice actor. She was also good friends with The Simpsons voice actress Nancy Cartwright and Grey DeLisle.

Bergman suffered from bipolar disorder and generalized anxiety disorder which she hid from her family and friends. Her last appearance was on November 11, 1999 during a radio show that was celebrating Disneyland's 45th anniversary. Later in the day, she shot herself in the forehead just above her nose with a Mossberg 12-gauge shotgun. She was found by her husband and a friend.

Jack Fleming

Jack Fleming was an American sportscaster, who called games for the Pittsburgh Steelers, Chicago Bulls, the West Virginia Mountaineers football, and men's basketball team.

Ron Franklin

Ron Franklin (February 2, 1942 – January 18, 2022) was an American sportscaster. He worked with ESPN until he was fired in 2011. Before working with ESPN, he called games for the Houston Oilers and for Texas Longhorns football and men's basketball. While at ESPN, he called college football, basketball, college baseball, the French Open tennis, and BCS games for ESPN Radio as well. Franklin was born in Jackson, Mississippi.

Franklin died on January 18, 2022 at the age of 79.

Glen Kuiper

Glen Alan Kuiper (born May 20, 1963) is a broadcaster for CSN California with the Oakland Athletics as a play-by-play announcer. He is the younger brother of former baseball player and broadcaster for the San Francisco Giants, Duane Kuiper. Glen also calls occasional A's games on Fox. He currently works with Ray Fosse. He was a field reporter for A's telecasts and hosted pregame shows for the A's and 'Giants. Outside of baseball, he was a sideline reporter for the NFL on Fox and for the San Jose Sharks. He handles various assignments for college football, college basketball, and the Golden State Warriors.

Wes Durham

Wes Durham is a radio sports announcer. He currently calls games for the Atlanta Falcons, and for Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football, men's basketball, and baseball teams. He is the son of former North Carolina Tarheels football and men's basketball announcer Woody Durham.

Bill Enis

Bill Enis (January 24, 1934 – December 14, 1973) was a sportscaster who called games for the Houston Oilers and Houston Astros. He called games for the American Football League, National Football League, and Major League Baseball for NBC until his death in 1973 of a heart attack.

Ian Eagle

Ian Eagle ( ; born February 9, 1969) is a sportscaster with CBS and the YES Network. His jobs include:

Craig Bolerjack

Craig Bolerjack (born May 16, 1958) is a sportscaster. 

He has called college football and college basketball games for Fox Sports Net, FX, Fox, CBS, ESPN, and CBS College Sports. He called arena football games for ESPN as well as Miami Dolphins preseason games. He called regional NFL games for CBS until 2011. He is also the TV voice of the Utah Jazz. He filled in for Dick Stockton on the NFL on Fox on week four of the 2011 season between the Atlanta Falcons and the Seattle Seahawks.

Bolerjack was born in Willows Springs, Missouri. He lives in Salt Lake City.

Neil Funk

Neil Funk (born December 29, 1946) is the current television announcer for the NBA's Chicago Bulls alongside Stacey King.

Funk was born in New York. He studied at Syracuse University. Funk was raised in Indianapolis, Indiana. He got his first job in Danville, Illinois. He is currently married to Renee Funk and they have one child, William Funk. He now lives in Chicago, Illinois.


Stacey King

Ronald Stacey King (January 29, 1967) is an American who is the current announcer with Neil Funk for the NBA's Chicago Bulls. He is known to provide nicknames for many of the Bulls players. King's own nicknames are Sky and Pearl, named after Earl "The Pearl" Monroe.

King was born on January 29, 1967 in Lawton, Oklahoma. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois.

Vondell Darr

Vondell Darr Wilson (April 18, 1919 – September 10, 2012) was an American actress. She was born in Los Angeles, California on April 18, 1919. Her became famous during the 1920s as a child actor and played small parts in her later years. Her last role was in "The Chocolate Soldier" in 1941. Darr died on September 10, 2012 in her Los Angeles, California home, aged 93.

Clarice Taylor

Clarice Taylor (September 20, 1917 – May 30, 2011) was an American stage, movie and television actress. She was known for her television role as Anna Huxtable in "The Cosby Show". She died from heart failure, aged 93.


Harold Gould

Harold Vernon Gould (December 10, 1923 – September 11, 2010) was an American movie, stage, and television actor. He appeared in 100 movies and television shows. He is mostly known for his television role as Miles Webber in "The Golden Girls". 

Gould was born in Schenectady, New York on December 10, 1923. He was married to Lea Vernon from 1950 until his death in 2010. They had three children. Gould died on September 11, 2010 in Woodland Hills, California from prostate cancer, aged 86.


Robert Easton

Robert Easton (November 23, 1930 – December 16, 2011) was an American movie, voice, television, and stage actor who has a career span of 60 years. He is known for his change in voices in different movies, earning him the nickname "The Man of a Thousand Voices". He was born on November 23, 1930 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He was never married and had no children. Easton died on December 16, 2011 in Los Angeles, California from natural cuases. He was 81 years old.

Len Lesser

Leonard King "Len" Lesser (December 3, 1922 – February 16, 2011) was an American movie, television, voice, and stage actor. He was known for his role as Uncle Leo in "Seinfeld". He was born in New York City, New York on December 3, 1922. He was married to Janice Burrell from 1954 until they divorced in 1982. They had two children. Lesser died on February 16, 2011 in Burbank, California from pneumonia caused by his cancer. He was 88 years old.


John Neville

John Neville, CM, OBE (May 2, 1925 – November 19, 2011) was a British stage, movie, and television actor. He was in "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen" (1988). He was born in Willesden, London, England on May 2, 1925. He was married to Caroline Hopper from 1949 until his death in 2011. They had 6 children. He died in Toronto, Ontario, Canada in November 19, 2011 from natural causes. He had Alzheimer's disease. He was 86 years old.

Hippolytpuszta

Hippolytpuszta is a former village, now a part of Szabadegyháza, Hungary. The postal code is 2432.

Altitude of Hippolytpuszta is 122 meters.

It currently has a population of around 2 (in 2001).

It lies approximately 6 km north of Szabadegyháza.

Terri Schiavo case

The Terri Schiavo case was a legal battle. It involved prolonged life support in the United States. The case began in 1998 and lasted until 2005. Teresa Marie "Terri" Schiavo was in a Persistent Vegetative State and there was a controversy about stopping life support. 

She had collapsed in her St. Petersburg, Florida home because of cardiac arrest on February 25, 1990. This had caused a large amount of damage to her brain. This damage caused her to be in a Persistent Vegetative State. Her feeding tube was disconnected on March 18, 2005. She died thirteen days later.

Sam Rosen

Sam Rosen born as "Samuel Rosenblum", (born August 12, 1947 in Ulm, Germany) is an American sportscaster currently employed by FOX Sports and MSG. He currently is the television voice of the New York Rangers. His trademark is "It's a power play goal!" He also is the preseason voice of the Chicago Bears and calls NFL games for Fox. His other jobs include these:

His parent were Jews from Poland, who migrated to the United States.

Louis Daguerre

Louis-Jacques-Mandé Daguerre (18 November 1787 – 10 July 1851) was a French artist and physicist, recognized for his invention of the daguerreotype process of photography. He became known as one of the fathers of photography. Though he is most famous for his contributions to photography, he was also an accomplished painter and a developer of the diorama theater.


Brian Anderson (sportscaster)

Brian Anderson is a broadcaster currently with the Milwaukee Brewers telecasts. He also calls baseball games on TBS and occasionally on Fox Sports. 

He called Litte League Baseball, and Minor League Baseball games on ESPN as well as the San Antonio Missions. In addition to baseball, Anderson was the sideline reporter for San Antonio Spurs telecasts and worked for Golf Channel as a play by play announcer. He handles college basketball games on the Big Ten Network. He joined CBS in 2012 for NCAA basketball tournaments. He previously called college basketball games on Fox Sports Net and ESPN. In addition, Anderson added college football duties in 2012 on BTN along with college basketball. He calls college basketball for Fox College Hoops and NBA games for TNT. In 2012, Anderson was named host for TNT's coverage of PGA Grand Slam of Golf.

Vin Scully

Vincent Edward "Vin" Scully (November 29, 1927 – August 2, 2022) was a broadcaster with the Los Angeles Dodgers. His 67 seasons with the Dodgers (1950 – 2016) were the longest of any broadcaster with a single team in professional sports history. At the age of 25, Scully became the youngest man to broadcast a World Series game. He broadcast the 1953 World Series. 

Scully was born in New York City. He studied at Fordham University. He began his career in 1949.

In 1957, he married Joan Crawford. She died in 1972 from an accidental overdose. In late 1973, he married Sandra Hunt. Hunt already had two children from another marriage. Scully and Hunt had two children together.

From 1975 to 1982, Scully announced the televised National Football League games for CBS Sports. Scully also added to the network's tennis and PGA Tour golf coverage in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He was NBC television's lead baseball broadcaster from 1983 to 1989. 

The first biography of Scully's life, "Pull Up a Chair: The Vin Scully Story", written by Curt Smith, was published in 2009.

